READ THE BEST-STREET & SMITH'S MAGAZINES

JUNE 14.1930

Story Magazine
EveryWeek

209 IN

CANADA
In Next Week’s Issue of Detective Story Magazine

BURIED IN FLAMES

By Paul Ellsworth Triem

Peace was all this man asked out of life, but he became entangled in a web with many snares,

and fraught with desperate dangers.

BEAUTY IN DISTRESS

By Christopher B. Booth

One woman wanted his money; the other, a heavy date; while his motto
was “strictly business.”

DON’T TRUST THE LADIES!

By Leslie Gordon Barnard

Mr. Philibus played right into a lovely lady’s hands, but she overdid her stuff.

Also Features by

  Ernest M. Poate	Roy W. Hinds

   Charlotte Dockstader	And Othfers

15c a Copy	At All News Stands

We Said,

“The best is none too good for STREET & SMITH readers.”

So we prepared for you

Best Detective Magazine

160 Pages of Best Stories
by

Best Authors

20c a Copy	Published Monthly
ADVERTISING SECTION

“I

“I always felt you had it in you to get ahead.
But for a time I was afraid your natural ability
would be wasted because you had never trained
yourself to do any one thing well. Yes, I was
afraid you would always be ‘a jack of all trades
and master of none.’

  “But the minute you decided to study in your
spare time. I knew you’d make good. You seemed
more ambitious—more cheerful—more confident
of the future. And I knew that your employers
couldn’t help but notice the difference your I.C.S.
training was making in your work.

  “Think what this last promotion means! More
money — more comforts — more of everything
worth while. Tom, those hours you spent on
that I. C. S. course were the best investment you
ever made.”

  How about you? Are you always going to

work for a small salary? Are you going to waste:
your natural ability all your life? Or are you
going to get ahead in a big way? It all depends
on what you do with your spare time.

  Opportunity is here—this time in the form of
that familiar I. C. S. coupon. It may seem like
a little thing, but it has been the means of bring-
ing better jobs and bigger salaries co thousands
of men. It will help you to get ahead too.

  More than 130,000 men are getting ready for
promotion right now in the I. C. S. Way. Let us
tell you what we are doing for them and what
we can do for you. The way to find out is easy.
Just mark and mail this coupon. It won’t cost
you a cent or obligate you in the least, but it may
be a first step toward a bigger, happier future.
Don’t lose a minute. Mark this coupon and get
it into the mail right now.

INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS, Box 4910-B, Scranton, Penna.

 Without cost or obligation, please explain how I can qualify for the position, or in the subject, before which I have
 marked an X:

Good English
Grade School Subjects
Civil Service
Bailwa.v Mail Clerk
Automobiles
Mathematics
Navigation
Agriculture
Poultry liaising
Aviation Engines
Wireless

Erenrh □ Spanish
Banking

- Electrical Engineer             Stationary Engineer         Salesmanship                   
  Electric Lighting and Railway*  Marine Engineer             Advertising                    
  Electric Wiring »               Architect                 1 Show Card and Sign Painting    
  Telegraph Engineer              Contractor and Builder      Railroad Positions             
  Telephone Work                  Architectural Draftsman     Illustrating                   
  Mechanical Engineer             Concrete Builder            Cartooning                     
  Mcchanical Draftsman            Structural Engineer         Private Secretary              
  Machine Shop Practice           Plumbing and Heating        Business Correspondent         
  Toolmaker                       Sheet Metal Worker          Bookkeeper                     
  Gas Engine Operating            Textile Overseer or Supt.   Stenographer and Typist        
  Civil Engineer                 J Chemist                    Certified Public Accountant    
  Surveying and Manping          ”] Pharmacy                  Traffic Manager                
I Mine Foreman or Engineer       □ Business Management        Cost Accountant             Zj 
Name......................................................................................................Street and No..

City........................................................................................................State...............

Occupation...............................................................................................................................................................................................

  Person* residing in Canada should send tb:s coupon to the International Correspondence Schools Canadian, Limited, Montreal, Canada

DS-1C

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements

Knew You’d Make Good
DETECTIVE STORY

MAGAZINE

Title Registered U. S. Patent Office

EVERY WEEK

Yearly Subscription, $6.00	Six Months, $3.00	Single Copies, 15 Cents

The entire contents of this magazine are protected by copyright and must not be reprinted without the publishers’ permission.

Vol. CXIX	Contents for June 14, 1930	No. 3

Two Novelettes

BRAND OF THE FETTERS . . Edward Leonard . . 1
THE CHINESE TUB .... Edgar P. Meynell ■xwmm 74

One SeriaS

SATAN’S WOOD.....Ernest M. Poate..... «■—? 41

    A Three-part Story—Part One

Five Short Stories

MR. CLACKWORTHY’S RETURN . Christopher B. Booth	29

HIS FAST ONE.....Donald Van Riper	66

HIS DATE WITH DEATH . . Clinton DangerEeld ***** 104

MR. PHILIEUS—THOUSAND-

DOLLAR MAN .... Leslie Gordon Barnard115

HE NEEDED IT.....Dolores Du Shane	129

MisceSSane® zs$

AN EXTRA TRIP FOR TONY (Poem) C. Wiles Hallock ,

Police Raid A Cock Fight . . .28 Kills Wife Twice
Chinese Was Greek To Him . . 73 Big Coat Day ....

Busy Days for the Poisoner . . 103 Slave And Master Fight .

Departments

WHAT HANDWRITING REVEALS Shirley Spencer .

UNDER THE LAMP .... Gerard Holmes .
HEADQUARTERS CHAT . . . The Editor .

MISSING.............

Publication issued every week by Street & Smith Publications, Tne., 79-89 Seventh Avenue, New York City. Ormond O.
Smith, President; George C. Smith, Vice President and Treasurer; George C. Smith, Jr., Vice President; Ormond V.
Gould, Secretary. Copyright, 1930, by Street & Smith Publications. Inc., New York. Copyright, 1930, by Street & Smith
Publications, Inc., Great Britain. Entered as Second-class Matter, September 4, 1917, at the Post Office at New York, N. Y.,
under Act of Congress of March 3, 1879. Canadian Subscription, $7.50. Foreign, $8.SO.

We do not hold ourselves responsible for the return of unsolicited manuscripts.

All manuscripts must be addressed to the Editors, care of

STREET & SMITH PUBLICATIONS, INC., 79 7th AVE., NEW YORK, N. Y.

 . 128

 . 114
 . 127
 . 133

.	134

.	137

.	139

.	141
ADVERTISING SECTION

“DON’T/Ibu 11 make him the

 laughing stock of the place”

 but when he started
 to play the piano . . .

 VS7HAT a glorious night!

      Henri's quaint restaurant was
  crowded with joyful parties. To-
  night, John Brent was giving a
  party for eight in honor of Helen
  Thompson's engagement. Dick
  Peters had recommended Henri’s
  as a splendid place to dine and
  dance. And Dick was right.

 “What’s that in your pocket,
 Dick? Your will?” asked John.

   “No, that’s just some sheet
 music I bought on the way over,”
 returned Dick.

   "What in Heaven's name are
 you doing with sheet music ? Go-
 ing to use it as wall-paper?” ex-
 [claimed John.

    “Why, I'm li'aruiiii? to play the
  pinno. Didn’t you know?”

    “Oh boy ! r.islen to that! You
 couldn't loarn to play in a thou-
 sand years."

   Dick looked at John with an
 amused smile on his face.

   “What would you give to hear
 me play?” he asked calmly.

    “A ten dollar bill it you’ll go up
  there ris;hr now and play that
  piano. What do you say ?" ex-
  claimed John with triumph in his
  voice.	.

    “You’re oil.” replied Dick, quick
  as a flash. “I’ll take you up 011
  that little dare. But not here—•'
  wait, 'til we get home tonight.”

    "Xo, sir, you’ll win or lose that
  bet right now. Come 011, fellows,
  let’s take him right up to the piano
  and we’ll settle it here.”

    “Don’t be foolish, boys, you’ll
  onlv make us the laughing stock of
  the place.” begged one of the girls.

    Heedless of Dick's pleading, they
  dragged him to the platform and
  placed him at the piano. By this
  time the unusual goings 011 had
  caught the at trillion of everyone in
  the restaurant. Now Dick realized
  that he had to go through with it.
  So summing tip all his courage and
  with a sudden burst of confldence,
  lie broke into the chorus of the lat-
  est Broadway hit.

   John gasped. He couldn’t be-
 lieve his ears. Everyone at the ta-
 ble sat in open-mouthed amazement
 as Dick sat there playing

 snappy number after another. It
 wasn’t until the regular orchestra
 returned that they allowed Dick to
 rise from the piano. Amid the din
 of applause, lie went back to the
 table, only to be swamped with
 questions. But Dick refused to tell
 them the secret of his new-found
 musical ability, in spite of all
 \ their begging.

   Going home that night Dick
 finally gave in.

    “Well, John. I’ve put one over
 011 you. I learned to play by my-
 self. without a teacher.”

    “What? That’s impossible! Tell
 me more.”

  Dick Tells His Secret

   Dick then explained how he had
 always longed to be able to play
 some musical instrument. One day
 he chanced to see a U. S. School of
 Music advertisement offering a Free
 Demonstration Lesson. Skeptically
 lie sent in the coupon. When the
 Free Demonstration Lesson came he
 saw how easy it was. Why, it was
 just like A-B-C. He sent for the
 entire course and almost before he
 knew it, he was playing real tunes
 and melodies. And the lessons were
 such fun, too. Almost like playing
 a game.

     This Is typical of the success of countlesa
  thousands who have learned music this easy
  way. You, too, can now leam to play—
  ~i*ht at home—in half the usual time. You
  can’t go wrong with this simple new method.
  Forget the old-fashioned idea that you need
  special “talent." Just read the list of In-
  struments, decide which one you want to
  play, and no matter which instrument you
  choose, it will average only a few cents a day.

Send for Free Booklet and
Demonstration Lesson

     Our wonderful illustrated Free Book and
  our Free Demonstration Lesson explain all
  about this remarkable method. They prove
  just how anyone can leam to play his fa-
  vorite instrument by note—playing real
  tunes from the very start. It also explains

all about the _

 amazing new
 Automatic Fin-
 ger Control.

  Act NOW. Clip
  and mail this
  coupon today I
  No obligation.

  J n s t r uments
  supplied when
  needed, cash
  or credit.

u. s.

 School of
 Music,
 3596 Bruns-
 wick Bldg.,
 New York
 City

 PICK YOUR
 INSTRUMENT

 Plano

 Organ

  Ukulele

  Cornet

 Trombone

  Piccolo

  Guitar

 Hawaiian

     Violin
     Clarinet
     Flute
     Saxophone
     Harp
     Mandolin
     ’Cello
     Steel Guitar

Sight Singing
Piano Aceordion
Italian and German
Accordion
Voice and Speech Culture
Drums and Traps
Harmony and Composition
Automatic Finger Control
Banjo (Plectrum,
5-String or Tenor)

U. S. SCHOOO OF MUSIC,

3596 Brunswick Bldg., New York City

Please send me your free book, “Music Les-
sons in Your Own Home,’' with introduction
by Dr. Frank Crane, Free Demonstration
Lesson and particulars of your easy payment
plan. I am interested in the following course:

Have you Jnstr. ?

Name

Address

City	...........State

 Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements
ADVERTISING SECTION

LIMITED LOW
PRICE OFFER
Send No Money

Mig RED WHITBBLUE^/

£

SAVE
OVER
HALF
ON THIS
OFFER

                DVT you save still more if you
                JJ buy now. Everything’s included
                in this special low price otTer.

                Bic. rugged 10 Cable Exerciser
                adjustable to 200 lbs. resistance.

                Complete Wall Exercising Parts
 for Back and Shoulder develop-
 ment. Hand Grip that builds
 husky Wrists and Forearms. Head
 Gear to bring out those dormant
 Neck Muscles. Foot Stirrup and Harness that develops sinewy
 Calf and Thigh Muscles. Regulation Heavy Skip Rope for Speed,
 Endurance and Wind. And a completely illustrated Course of In-
 struction. All This—For Only $3.98! Take advantage of this tem-
 porary low price offer NOW’.

   Just send your name and address. We’ll ship everything out by
 return mail. Pay postman only S3.98 plus postal charges. Out-
 side United States, Cash With Order.

  INSTITUTE FOR PHYSICAL DEVELOPMENT, INC.

 13 East 22nd Street	Dept. F-13	New York, N. Y.

$1260 to $3400

A YEAR

 PICK YOUR JOB

Men—Women—18 Ip /

/ Franklin Institute

STEADY WORK Dept. K-191. Rochester, N. Y.
   NO “LAYOFFS” ' Gentlemen: Rush to me
   n • j ir	t FREE of charge, list of U. S,

Paid Vaeations ^ Government big pay steady posi-

                          ^ tions now obtainable. Send me
rnmmrm FdllPHfirtli a FREE 32-page book describing
lUlKIIUUll LUUtdliUll £ salaries, hours, work, vacation and

ncn<>ll%7 cnffiffionl	K^ing full particulars on how to

USQaiiy SUIIlClCni ^ get a U. S. Government position.

--/

Mail Coupon / ................................

  today—	/

SURE	1 Address .............................

  Only 4 Motions used in playing: this
  ment. Our native Hawaiian instructors
  master them quickly. Pictures show how.
  thing explained clearly.

Play in Half Hour	Easy Lessons

 After you get the four
 ezny motions you play
 harmonious chords with
 very little practice. No
 previous musical knowl-
 edge needed.

 Even if you don't know
 one n«>te from another,
 the 62 printed lessons
 and clear pictures make
 it easy to learn quickly.
 Pay as you play .

                       when you enroll
     w ▼	—a sweet toned

HAWAIIAN GUITAR, Carrying

Playing

 WRITE AT ONCE for aitraeli.e cfTer
 and ^asy terms. You have everything
 ir train. A postcard will do. ACT!

Value $19 to $xe

______No extrat-everylkirto included

   * TENOR j and other courses. The same thorough instruction on Tenor £&nio(
   f EANJO I v Tiple. Tenor Guitar. Ukulele. Ilnnjo Ukulele. TV ell*
   1	known instructors. Write for full information.

  FIRST HAWAIIAN CONSERVATORY of MU8IC, Inc*

  «#th Floor, Woolworth Bldg.	Dejjt. 239 New York, N. Y.

   Approved at a Correspondence School Undtr th* Law of the Slate of New York
   _—Member National Home Sftidy Coiinril

BROADCAST YOUR THOUGHTS

TO OTHERS ANYWHERE I

THE WONDERS OF TELEPATHY OK MENTAL
KADIO IN ALL- PERSONAL AND BUSINESS
AFFAIRS, is astonishing the world. It may ehange
your life. One client writes, “The quickest way to
accomplish anything is through Telepathy.” Cost
very little. Send for free proof, and our wonderful
no money down, pay if satisfied offer.

PATY CO., 1S8 West 45tJb St., Dept. 209, New York

hOW TO OBTAIN

A Better Looking Nose!

Improve your personal appearance

 My new Model 25 Nose Shaper is designed
 to improve the shape of the nose by remould-
 ing the cartilage and fleshy parts, safely, and
 painlessly. This i^ accomplished thru the very
 fine and precise adjustments which only my
 patented Model 25 possesses. Results are last-
 ing. Can he worn at night, or during the day.
 Money refunded if not satisfied after thirty
 days’ trial. Write for free booklet to
 M. TRILETY, Dept. 124, Binghamton, N. Y.

S'ioneer \ose Shaping Specialist

 REGULAR

 VALUE

                 No Monty Down
       Actual Crfme Cases—//' Ynu Act Quick!— We will

        t«end you tnia stirrinsr book on Crime Detection,
        Secret Service and Ioentifiration Work for 80 days
        free reading.Written by authority. Send no money.

’ If you decide to keep it, then aend mo only_$l .00. If
not, return it- That'o nii. Rat WRITE TODAY.
7m C. Cooke,Dept. A i9t0 Sunny tide Av. Chicago

HAVE your picture

ON YOUR

Writing Paper

New—Individual—Distinctive. . This writing
paper expresses your personality. Think of
the thrill your sweetheart, relatives and dear-
est friends will get when you write them 011
this new paper. 24 sheets and 24 envelopes.
Fine grade Hammerniiil Bond paper—ripple
finish used. Fold over sheets for ladies in
White, Blue of Buff—-full size flat sheets for
men 111 white only. Photoscript is a mile ahead
of monograms and printed stationery.

   Send your best print or negative, we enlarge
or reduce the head and shoulders as required
and reproduce on every letter sheet. Tour pic-
ture returned unharmed.

   Any clear picture will do—snap shot or por-
trait. Send your picture with $1.98 or pay
postman §2.15 011 delivery.

THE PHOTOSCRIPT COMPANY
Dept. B. 6333 Germantown Ave.. Phila.
NOW..X SHAVING
m. MACHINE!

ADVERTISING SECTION

Electricity!

mo more razor

BLADES TO BUY!

  Keen cool shaves forever—and no more
  blades to buy! That’s why millions
  now use this amazing little shaving
  machine. Vp to 365 shaves from one
  blade a frequent report. Fits any
  blade, (including new Gillette). Un-
  like ordinary steppers. Get inventor's
  .‘M)-day trial offer, also "free razor”
  proposition.

 AGENTS WANTED!

full or spare time. King made $<•(>
in one day. Hundreds cleaning up
big money. Ask for celling outfit.
KRIbS KROSS CORP.

 J	Dept. G-3294,

1418 Pendleton Ave., St. Louis, Mo.

Great

Learn

Months

SONG writers/

Be an Electrical Expert

         SUBSTANTIAL ADVANCE ROYALTIES
         are paid on work found acceptable for publica-
         tion. Anyone wishing to write either the words or
         music for songs may submit work for free ex-
         amination and advice. Past experience unnecessary.
         New demand created by "Talking Pictures”
         fully described in our free book. Write for it
         Today. NEWCOMER ASSOCIATES
         722 Earle Building, New York

The whole world of electricity is open to the Coyne trained Expert.
Come to Chicago — the Electrical Center of the World. Get
your training at Coyne — for 31 years Coyne has been train-
ing men like yoa for big pay jobs. We do not offer a number of
individual courses—we give you just one complete course so
that you will be an Expert capable of commanding big pay. Let
ordinary electricians do the small jobs. You can become an Ex-
pert and get big money if you seize this chance to come to Coyne.

$60 A WEEK AND UP

No books or useless theory. You are trained on a gigantic outlay
of electrical machinery. We include at no extra cost a complete
course in Radio—the marvel of the age. We also give you FREE
a life Membership which enables you to stay as long as you want
or come back for further training at any time without charge.
You get a complete practical training in Circuits, House Wiring,
D. C., A. C., Armature and Stator Winding, Drafting, Auto,
Truck and Tractor Electricity, Battery Building and Repairing,
and Radio, everything to make you an expert so you can learn
to earn $60.00 a week and up.

Earn While You Learn!

We help students to secure jobs to earn a good part of their liv-
ing expenses while training and on graduation we give you life-
time employment service.

Write for FREE BOOK

Don’t delay a minute—send right now for our big free catalog
and full particulars of special offer. Act now I

COYNE ELECTRICAL SCHOOL

S00 S. Paulina St., Dept. AO-45. Chicago, 111.

Bucltsfein’s Fibre Limb

                    Is soothing to your stump—strong, cool,
                    neatx light. Guaranleed 5 years. Easy
                    \	payments.

 It’s a new Street & Smith Publica-
 tion.

 It’s packed with vivid stories of
 action.

 Its scope is the wide world of man-
 adventure.

 It’s called

sr i wfpaygi

port unity to mala1 $8 to $15
in a day — $1 to $2 an hour

in spare time-—taking orders for our amaz-	m

ing new liquid called FLY DOPK. Instantly

kills flies, mosquitoes, ants, roaches, and other

insect pests. Makes a wonderful demonstration. Sells like

hot cakes. Harmless to humans. Stainless. Pleasant

todor. Every home, store, restaurant, etc., a prospect.

Ford Tudor Sedan FREE
No capital or experience needed. We sup-
■	ply everything. Ford Tudor Sedan offered

FREE to producers as extra reward. Don t
miss this chance. Write today for full

—^ ,rU AMERICAN PRODUCTS CO.

\mZr 5855 Monmouth Ave., Cincinnati, Ohio

 High Spot

MAGAZINE

 Issued the first Wednesday of every
 month.

Ask your news dealer!

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements
ADVERTISING SECTION

Picture Play’s Sixteenth
Year

The Best Magazine of the Screen
Celebrates a Birthday

„ Proudly PICTURE PLAY looks back upon its years of
service to motion-picture enthusiasts, because of its success in
offering them a true record of the screen.

    Keeping in step with all the changes in public taste,
PICTURE PLAY has faithfully reflected popular preferences in
films and personalities, reporting them fully, impartially, enter-
tainingly.

     Its readers call it the friendliest of all movie magazines,
because intimacy is its keynote.

    This is because PICTURE PLAY is fair. It has no axes
to grind, no politics to play, no favorites to force upon its readers,
and no taboos except anything that savors of bad taste.

    This is the spirit that will continue to guide PICTURE
PLAY in the years to come—the principle on which it will keep
old friends and gain new ones—the inspiration that will bring
added authority and power.

KEEP GOOD COMPANY-READ PICTURE PLAY

                  A Street Smith Publication

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements
ADVERTISING SECTION

low PRICE!

kl Lowest Prices in History!

  JvyJI This bi* company, because of iti immense
  Hi buying power, will cunpiy you wiih recon-
  structed standard maico tires at these un-
  III'/ heard oflowprioea-whoJeyear’sserviceguar-
  I*,rt anteed. Thousands of satined coi ‘

ir after vpht.

 i customers reorder

 Dcti^rf Wanted

Order Now-Save money

BALLOON Tire*	Re?. CORD Tires

Size R!m Tires Tubes Siz" TiresTubes

‘	80x3 $2.20 $1.00

29x4.40	21" $2.3O$1.10

29x1.50	20“	2.40	1.15

80x4.50	21“	2.45	1.20

28x4.75	29“	2.45	1.20

30x4.95	21“	2.90	1.3ft

  . . 28x5.25	18“	2.95	1.35

  C '80x5.25	20“	2 95	1.35

  $ ' 31x5.25	21“	3.20	1.35

 - 30x5.77	20"	3.20	1.40

^32x6.00	20“	5.20	1.40

33x6.00	21“	3 20	1.45

32x6.20	20"	3.65	1.76

  30x3^2 2.25	1.00

 31x4 2.95	1.15

 32x4 2.95	1.15

 33x4 2.95	1.15

  32x4*^ 3.20	1.45

  33x4«<. 3.20	1.45

  34x4y-t 3.45	1.45

 30x6 3.60	1.75

 33x5 3.60	1.76

 35x5 4.45	1.75
 All Other Sizes

 Send only $1.00 deposit with each tire
 ordered, balance C.O.D. If you send cash in full,
 deduct 5*4. Yon are guaranteed a year’s service or replacement
 at half price. MIDLAND TIRE AND R^BSER COitfPANV
 Dept. 17AV lOOO West Sixty-third St.. Chicago, III*

DIRECT f
Your NOSE •

                Improve your appearance with the
                Anita Nose Adjuster. Shapes flesh
                and cartilage^—quickly, safely and
                painlessly, while you sleep. Results
                are lasting Doctors praise it. «8.000
                users. Write for 3ft-Da r TRIAL.
                OFFER and FREE BOOKLET.
                ANITA INSTITUTE, 6S4 Aniu Bldg.. Newark, N. J.

Every Trace of

Asthma Cone

Suffered All His Life. Tells How He
Ended Trouble.

   Sufferers from asthma or bronchial cough will bo
 glad to road what E. L. Flanagan, 324.1 Urookside
 Ave., Indianapolis, writes :

   “I had asthma all my life, 44 years. I coughed and
 choked constantly and was unable to work half the
 time. 1 couldn’t sleep, and had to sit up at night. I
 had lost all hope, when I decided to try Nacor. Now,
 after 3 bottles, I am feeling entirely well, have no
 cough or wheeze, and no trace of asthma.”

   Hundreds of people who suffered for years from
 asthma and bronchial coughs, state that their trouble
 left and has not returned. Their letters and a booklet
 of vital information will be sent free bv Nacor Medi-
 cine Co., 773 State Life Bldg., Indianapolis, Intl.
 Write for this free information, and find out how
 thousands have found hi sting relief.

i **45" Twin —One
‘ of the 1930 models.
■ Harley * Davidson
j price range from
$260, f.o.b. factory.

More fun than an

AMUSEMENT PARK

 All yours with a Harley-Davidson
 Motorcycle — the dip and zoom of
 the “Roller Coaster”, the thrilling
 whirl of the “Airships”, the zip and
 speed of the “Whip”!

 All yours to enjoy—every time you
 ride your Harley-Davidson — for
 motorcycling combines the thrills of
 a dozen sports in one. You never
 tire of it.

 What wonderful vacation and out-
 ing trips you’ll take with the jolly
 hunch of Harley-Davidson riders!
 And the cost is so low — a Harley-
 Davidson is easy to buy, and upkeep
 is only a penny or two per mile.

 Let your nearest Harley-Davidson
 Dealer show you the 1930 models, and
 explain his PayAs-Yoii'Ride Plan.

 Mail the coupon to us far literature.

Bladder Sufferers ^tiU^Sson
Make Free Test

 CIMPLE, but amazing, new drugless hygiene lor
 prostate trouble and bladder weakness, recently
 discovered by an American Scientist, usually stops
 frequent smarting urination almost overnight. No
 drugs, no medicine, no application of electricity—
 absolutely safe and unconditionally guaranteed. Test
 it for six days FREE. (»et results. Already in-
 dorsed by physicians. Write at once for FREE illus-
 trated, copyrighted booklet, "Why Many Men Are
 Old at 40.” No obligation.

 Address W. J. Kirk, 7630 Morris Avenue. Steuben-
 ville, Ohio.

 Mail the Coupon!

 HARLEY-DAVIDSON MOTOR CO.
 Dept. S. S., Milwaukee, Wis.
 Interested in your motorcycles.
 Send literature.

 Name..

Address...........................................................

My age is □ 16*19 years, □ 20-30 years,
□ 31 years and up, □ under 16 years.
Check your age group.

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements
ADVERTISING SECTION

*5000*’tJPttfcAR

AND IIP

7ladio Engineer
. far Hr onitanting S/u/ion

$500 EXTRA MONEY
IN 2 MONTHS

  Your radio course has enabled me to
  earn over $500 in two months. This is all
  spare time work, as I have a permanent
  position with my father in our store. I
  give you all the credit for the above.
  —J. Noffsingeb,

MAKES $25 A DAY

  I make as high as $25.00 per day and
  have made $f>00.00 in 2 months from
  Radio work. That’s not so bad when
  I’m only 19 and in a small town. You
  did all you said you would and much
  more.—Floyd Knisely,

 SALARY RAISED 331-3%

  I pto now Radio Service Manager for
  the H. N. Knifrht Supply Co., distribu-
  tors for Eveready Katlio Receivers in
  Oklahoma, and TVxas Panhandle, with
  an increase in salary of about So 1-8%
  since I enrolled with your school.

—Earl P. Gordon, 618 E. 6th St.

Oklahoma City, Okla.

RT ■ T. I. QUALIFIES YOU TO MAKE MONEY AND ITS SERVICE KEEPS YOU UP-TO-THE-MINUTE ON THE R V V
• »• *•	NEWEST DEVELOPMENTS IN RADIO, TELEVISION AND TALKING PICTURES	**•' *•

*60 /o412500

A WEEK

'Radio

   Operator

        ‘8/«* W°

        A D AY

             Semrinti anil
             I 'Repairing RudioSeU

 ©OS)

R.T. Vlmininp
Y>ringsbig)obs
LikelJiese/

© IB $ Wight at YourFingerTips

WHEN YOU ARE R.T.I. TRAINED IN

RADHMILEYISION -TalkingVidum

 Bio Pay Jobs! Spare Time Prof-
 its! A Fine Business of Your
 Own! They’re ail open to you and
 other live wire men who answer the
 call of Radio. The fastest growing
 industry in the world needs more
 trained men. And now come Tele-
 vision and Talking Movies—the
 magic sisters of Radio. Will you
 answer this call? Will you get ready
 fora big pay job Now and step into
 a Bigger One lat«r on? You can do
 it Easily now.

 R. T. I. Home Training Puts
 You in This Big Money Field

   Radio alone, pays over 200 Mil-
 lion Dollars a year in wages in
 Broadcasting, Manufacturing,Sales,

 Service, Commercial Stations and
 on Board the big sea going ships
 and many more men are needed.

 Television and Talking Movies open
 up other vastfiel d3of money-making
 opportunities for ambitious men.

 Got into this groat business that is
 live, new and up-to-date, where 1 rained
 service men easily f-arn 940 to $.10 per
 week, and “trained” men with ex-
 perience can make $75 a week, and up.

Easy To Learn At ISome—

In Spare Time

 Learning Radio the R. T. I. way with F. H.
 Schnell, the “Ace of Radio” behind you is
 Easy, Interesting, really Fun. Only a few
 spare hours are needed and lack of education
 or experience won’t bother you a bit. We fur-
 nish all necessary testing and working appa-
 ratus and start you off on practical work you’ll
 enjoy—you learn to do the jobs that pay real
 money and which are going begging now for
 want of competent men to All them.

        Amazingly Quick Results

           You want to earn Big Money, and
           you want some of it Quick. R. T. I.
           “Three in One” Home Training—
           Radio-Television-Talking Movies—
           will give it to you, bccause it’s easy,
           practical, and is kept right up-to-
           date with last minute information.
           In a few weeks you can be doing
           actual Radio work, making enough
           Extra Money to more than pay
           for your training. In a few snort
           months you can be all through—
           ready to step into a good paying job
           or start a business of your own. A
           Big Job—Big Money—A Big
           Future. There is no other business
           In the world like it.

Investigate—Send
For R. T. I. Rook Now

            Don’t waste a minute. Find ou t what
 the great Radio industry, which has
 grown faster than the Automobile
 and Motion Picture business, has to
 offer you. Find out
 what other men are
 earning. See How
 Easily You Can
 Get Started. Get
 the facts about
 Radio, Television
 and the Talking
 Pi ctures, firs t hand,
 in the big R. T. I.

 Free Book. Loam
 what this R. T. I.

 “Three in One**

 Home Training can do for you.

 Mail the coupon for Free
 Book Now.

 RADIO & TELEVISION INSTITUTE

             £cpt. eo-ft.

  4806 St. Anthony court. Chicago _

 RADIO & TELEVISION INSTITUTE
 Dept. 80-A. 4806 St. Anthony Court, Cliicago
 Send me Free and prepaid your BIG BOOK
 “Tune In On Big Pay” andfull details of your
 three-in-one Home Training (without obliga-
 ting me in any way).

Name----------------—~—-

 K. T. I.

. T. I. TRAINS YOU AT HOME FOR A GOOD JOG OR A PROFITABLE
PAKT TIME OR FULL TIME BUSINESS OF YCUR OWN

 _1 Address—
 1

 J City-...........

 ...........State...

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements
Brand of the Fetters

    HIS PUNISHMENT WAS CONSTANT FEAR.

 By Edward Leonard

                 Author of “In Confidence from the Dead,” etc.

CHAPTER I.

THROUGH THE STORM.

B*"—"|EHIND time and in a furious
hurry the Royal Limited,
crack train of the line, was
flashing through a black night
of heavy, wind-driven rain. Up from
the river valleys to the south, it had
fought its way over the long grades
in the teeth of a howling gale, and now
the thundering roar of its swift advance
was reverberating through pine-clad

 DS-1C

mountains. Those lonely heights were
completely hidden in the dense darkness
except now and then at bends of the
road, when to the men in the cab oi
the locomotive the long, searching glare
of the headlight illumined steep, storm-
swept slopes.

  The night was half gone. In the
sleepers, the berths had been made up
long ago and most of them were oc-
cupied. In the club smoker, which had
been well filled earlier in the night, only
three passengers remained. Presumably.
Detective Story Magazine

they were either fond of late hours or
were not going through to Montreal,
where the train was due early in the
morning. One of the three, sprawled
out in his leather-padded armchair, his
pipe growing cold in his hand, had
dropped into snoring slumber. The
two others, still wide awake, were seated
facing each other across the width of
the cozy, brightly lighted car. They
could hear the rain pounding on the
iron roof and swishing madly against
the windows. One of them, long-limbed,
broad-shouldered, sun-browned, with a
big sapphire in his tie, was placidly
smoking a cigar. The other, smartly
dressed, dark, slender, extremely hand-
some, was being served with mineral
water by the Negro porter. As he raised
a slim white hand and grasped the long
glass, tinkling with ice, his cuff slipped
back and revealed a gold watch fastened
to his wrist with a broad, decorative,
blue strap.

  At that moment a wizened, gray-
haired passenger with the brim of a soft
hat pulled down over his eyes, came
slowly and with uncertain steps from
the narrow entrance passage beside the
buffet kitchen. The man with the wrist
watch cast the approaching figure an
indifferent glance which suddenly de-
veloped into a wide-eyed, curious stare.
The glass slipped from his fingers and
crashed on the floor. The accident
seemed to jar the nerves of the old fel-
low who had just entered. His feeble-
looking eyes blinked nervously from
behind steel-rimmed spectacles. Appar-
ently, his sight was too poor to see just
what had happened, and the crash, close
to his feet, had confused him. As he
drew back from the scattered pieces
of glass, the speeding train gave a lurch
that threw him off his balance. He fell
forward, his head struck heavily against
the arm of a chair and he crumpled
unconscious on the floor.

  The man with the sapphire pin sprang
to his assistance. The snores of the

sleeper in the chair a few feet away
ceased abruptly, and, opening his eyes,
he looked at the prostrate figure with
languid interest. The man with the
wrist watch rose slowly to his feet with
a bewildered frown.

  On his knees on the floor, the man
with the sapphire proceeded to examine
the silent, motionless form beside him.
“Nothing very serious,” he announced
at last. "His heart’s pumping all right.
He’ll come out of his trance pretty soon.
A mean little bump on his head, that’s
all. Porter, bring some ice.”

  As he waited for the porter to re-
turn, he noticed that one of the un-
conscious man’s hands was scratched
and bleeding. Little slivers of broken
glass were sticking into the palm. Care-
fully, he picked them out, and, looking
for more, rolled back the sleeve of his
patient’s undershirt, a sleeve so unusu-
ally long that it had come way down
to the joint of the wounded hand. A
startled expression came into his eyes,
and he gave a prolonged stare of amaze-
ment at the wrist he had exposed. Com-
pletely encircling that wrist was an old,
livid scar. For a long moment, it
seemed to hold him spellbound. Then,
slowly, he covered it with the sleeve
as the porter came back with the ice.

  Presently, while the ice was being
rubbed over his forehead, the patient
opened his eyes and looked up bewil-
dered into the sun-browned face bend-
ing over him. After a moment, he
made an effort to rise. “I’m all right,”
he whispered, breathing hard. “Dizzy,
that’s all.”

  “If you can walk, you’d better go to
your berth,” advised the man with the
sapphire, helping him to his feet. “I’ll
help you to get back there if you say
so.”

  The other sank into a chair. “No,
I get out at the next stop,” he explained,
speaking with difficulty. “I—I came
here thinking I’d just have time for
a smoke. Don’t have to go back. My
Brand of the Fetters

3

bag’s on the platform.” After pulling
out his handkerchief and wrapping it
around the scratches on his hand, he
again closed his eyes. “Couple of min-
utes’ rest and I’ll be all right,” he mur-
mured.

  The porter proceeded to pick up
pieces of glass from the floor. The
snoring passenger fell asleep again. The
man with the sapphire and the man with
the wrist watch strolled away toward the
other end of the car and seated them-
selves together.

  “Did you see that mark on his wrist?”
the man with the sapphire inquired
softly.

  “Yes,” was the low-voiced reply.
“Strange, wasn’t it?”

  “You noticed, I suppose, that it ran
completely around his wrist. What did
you make of it?”

  “Nothing. Did you?”

  “I wondered,” said the man with the
sapphire slowly, “if it could be the mark
of a handcuff.”

  From the corners of his eyes, his
companion shot a furtive glance at him.
“Would a handcuff bite so deep as to
leave a scar like that?”

  “It’s possible. When I was a mine
boss in Arizona, I heard of such a case.
Two prisoners handcuffed together were
on their way to serve their terms. One
of them, middle-aged but with no previ-
ous criminal record, had been given
twenty years for killing his former busi-
ness partner, whom he accused of
robbing and ruining him. The other
prisoner, though only about half as old
as his companion, was as smooth a
swindler as ever drifted into the West.
They were about to get into the car that
was to take them to prison, when the
younger one snatched with his free hand
the revolver of the officer in charge of
them and knocked him senseless.

  “The unarmed driver was forced out
and the prisoners escaped with the car.
But the alarm had been spread so
quickly that there had been no time to

search the officer for the key to the
handcuffs. Far out on a hot, waterless
desert, the car broke down. Abandon-
ing the car and afraid of meeting some
searching party on the road,' they set
out across trackless country. They car-
ried not a drop of water, and perhaps
you can imagine what happened.”

 The man with the wrist watch
scowled. “I think I can,” he muttered
with a shrug.

  “Three days later, they came to a
shack, where an old prospector was liv-
ing alone,” the man with the sapphire
continued. “They,-were raving in de-
lirium, and crying out for water. For
hours, they had been struggling in
frenzy to free themselves from the gal-
ling fetters, which had grown as hot
as the burning sands. In their insane
efforts to drag off the tight bracelets,
the steel had worn through the skin and
then deep into the flesh as the tortured,
inflamed wrists swelled. But in spite
of the agony of it, they were continuing
like maniacs to break loose.

  “The prospector, after giving them
water and bringing them back to their
senses, managed to file off the handcuffs.
Not to have done so, would have been
inhuman cruelty. He did not discover
until too late to get possession of it,
that the younger one had a revolver in
his pocket. They forced him to pro-
vide them with a burro, a food supply
and canteens and to let them go free.
But he knew they were marked men—
marked for life where the rings of steel
had bitten through the swollen, bleed-
ing flesh to the bone.”

  “And what became of them?” in-
quired the man with the wrist wratch.

  “I don’t know. They were never
caught. I was told that the older one
had a wife and a small child, a girl, who
not long afterward disappeared from
their home. I suppose they joined him
somewhere.”

  The man with the wrist watch, glanc-
ing down the car, observed that the vie-
4

Detective Story Magazine

tim of the accident had twisted around
in his chair and was peering through a
rain-swept window. It seemed as if he
must be watching for lights. Surely, he
could have hoped to see nothing else in
that black night.

  “We must be getting pretty close to
the old fellow’s town,” the man with
the sapphire remarked.

  The whistle of the Royal Limited sent
a long-drawn screech into the storm.
They heard the hiss of the air brakes.

  “I’ve got to get my bag,” the man
with the wrist watch announced, rising
from his chair. “I get off at the next
stop.”

  His companion looked up at him with
a puzzled frown. “I thought I heard
you telling the conductor you were
ticketed for Montreal.”

  “I’ve changed my mind.”

  Hurriedly, he made his way out of
the car. Presently arriving at his berth,
he took possession of a big Gladstone
bag, a cane, a soft hat and a light sum-
mer raincoat. He put on the coat and
hat, took a firm grip on the stick, which
seemed like a futile appendage on such a
night, and ordered the porter to carry
the bag to the door. When a few mo-
ments later the train stopped at the sta-
tion he got out, took the bag from the
porter, tipped him generously, and,
catching sight of the gray-haired victim
of the accident, proceeded to follow
him through the waiting room and out
onto a platform in the rear. Here a
stage was waiting. The driver, stand-
ing beside it, cast a friendly grin of
recognition at the gray-haired arrival.
“Right here waiting for you, Mr. Sher-
wood,” he said, taking his bag and help-
ing him into the car.

  “Where do you go?” the man with
the wrist watch sternly demanded of the
driver.

  “To Northboro.1’

  “How far is that?”

  “Ten miles.”

  “That’s where I’m going.”

  “Plenty of room inside,” the driver
informed him.

  A sudden gust of wind drove a de-
luge of rain into the covered platform.
The man with the wrist watch, glad to
find a refuge from it, stepped hurriedly
into the car, where he found a seat
among several passengers. The gray-
haired man from the club smoker, seated
facing him, showed no sign of recog-
nition. His weak-looking eyes were
blinking behind his spectacles. His
handkerchief was still wound over his
wounded hand, where the long sleeve of
his undershirt peeped out under the cuff
of his overcoat. The strange scar was
completely hidden. It was his right
hand that had been cut by the broken
glass, therefore it was on his right wrist
that the scar had been revealed. This
was a detail which had not escaped the
notice of the cold, steady eyes that were
now studying him.

  For a few moments, the stage passed
through dimly lighted streets. Then the
black night closed in around it as it left
the town. The man with the wrist
watch became absorbed in his thoughts.
He pondered the scrap of information
that chance had given him about the
gray-haired man since leaving the train.
So his name was Sherwood, he mused,
and he was not a stranger here. The
rain beat furiously against the windows.
They were traveling rough mountain
roads, where sometimes the grades
seemed perilously steep. Almost half
an hour passed before he came out of
his abstraction. Then he discovered
that they were again in dimly lighted
streets. He raised his left wrist, looked
at his watch and frowned. It was very
late.

  Apparently, they had arrived in
Northboro. At short intervals, the car
stopped to let passengers off at their
homes. The victim of the accident in
the club smoker, apparently almost him-
self again, got out in front of a cozy,
isolated little house, raised a big um-
Brand of the Fetters

5

brella, and, lugging his bag, fought his
way through wind and rain up the gar-
den path. Before long, the man with
the wrist watch was the only remaining
passenger.

  “Where do you go, brother?” the
driver inquired.

  “To the best hotel I can find,” was
the sharp reply.

  “That’ll be the Pine Tree Tavern. A
pretty classy place.”

  “Then take me there. By the way,
there was a man named Sherwood who
came up on the train with me. Do you
know him?”

  “Know him well. He’s the proprietor
of the biggest store in this village. He
goes down to Boston two or three times
a year to buy stock. That’s where he’s
come from now, I guess.”

  “A storekeeper, eh? Is he making a
good living at it?”

  “You can bet your life he is! Why,
stranger, I happen to know he’s got
twenty thousand dollars out on mort-
gages right here in Northboro, and they
say he’s the biggest depositor the
Northboro bank’s got.”

  A smile lit the handsome face of the
lone passenger. It lingered -faintly on
his lips until he arrived at his destina-
tion.

  As the stranger stepped into the lobby
of the Pine Tree Tavern, the sleepy,
round, red face of Rufus Bagley, the
proprietor, who had been sitting up for
the stage, appeared behind the office
desk.

  “Can I get a room and bath here?”
the stranger inquired, stepping up to the
open register and selecting a pen from
the rack.

  “Several of ’em,” Bagley informed
him, and quoted the prices.

  “The best you’ve got,” said the stran-
ger, and he wrote on the register,
“Archibald Ely Nash, New York.”
Bagley, carrying the bag, led him up-
stairs to the next floor and to a room
which the new arrival looked over with

sharply appraising eyes. “This will do,”
he decided presently. And then, pleas-
antly aware of the fact that he had not
been asked for a payment, he added.
“I’m likely to be here for some time.”

  As soon as he was alone, Archibald
Ely Nash proceeded to prepare himself
for bed. After a few moments, he
paused in his shirt sleeves in front of
the bureau and studied himself in the
mirror. It always pleased him to note
how well he had kept his youth. So
far as his appearance was concerned,
the years had been good to him. He
could have passed as no more than
thirty, though he was several years older
than that.

  Slowly, lie unfastened the broad strap
of his watch from his left wrist. For
a moment, he paused and listened to the
storm beating at the windows. Then,
as if with sudden bitter recollections, he
stared with brooding eyes at the place
which the strap had covered. Com-
pletely encircling that exposed wrist was
a scar—such a scar as he had seen on
the right wrist of the unconscious man
in the club smoker of the Royal Limited.

CHAPTER II.

BENEATH THE MASK.

'THE handsome stranger who had
registered at the Pine Tree Tavern
the night before as Archibald Ely Nash
of New York stepped out from the
lobby into the cool, brisk air of a Sep-
tember day. The storm had passed and
the sun was shining. Pausing, he cast a
keenly observant glance at a group of
young women seated on the broad
veranda. For an instant, an almost im-
perceptible smile flickered on his lips,
as if he were fully conscious of the fact
that every one of them was regarding
him with critical and absorbing interest.
The season was drawing to an end at
Northboro, and most of the young men
at the summer colony had gone.

At such a time, when the tavern was
6

Detective Story Magazine

inhabited mostly by mothers and their
daughters and a few old fellows no
longer hampered by business ties, the
arrival of Archibald Ely Nash, who to
feminine eyes was as alluring as a movie
hero, had naturally produced a mild sen-
sation. There was a general impres-
sion that he must be a person of social
position and of means. Not only his
appcarance and his manner but even his
name was impressive. It is surprising
what a difference it makes when a man
uses all three of his names, if he hap-
pens to have that number, instead of
being content with just two and a mid-
dle initial.

  Archibald Ely Nash had discovered
that Shakespeare was wrong when he
scoffingly asked, “What’s in a name?”
and that there could be magic in names
sometimes. And, at present, he needed
all the magic he could conjure to offset
the grim fact, known only to himself,
that the five-dollar bill nesting in a
pocket of his vest was all the money he
had in the world.

  For a time, he had felt that fortune
might have something in store for him
in New York, but his adventures there
had been unfortunate, particularly with
the police, and he had decided that Can-
ada offered him more safety. Then on
the Royal Limited, he had caught sight
of a face that had startled him. He
had stared at it doubtfully. If it was
the face of a man who had suddenly
risen out of his memory, it had changed
so much as to make recognition uncer-
tain. And then he saw the strange scar
on the man’s wrist. After that, he no
longer doubted.

  As he stood lingering on the veranda
of the Pine Tree Tavern, he betrayed
not the least indication of his straitened
circumstances. His natty blue suit,
immaculate white spats over brand-new
shoes, pearl-gray hat of expensive vel-
vour with its brim turned down rakishly
over his left eye, fine linen, modish tie
and a yellow Malacca cane with an am-

ber crook were certainly not the acces-
sories of destitution. The young women
in the porch chairs stared at him fas-
cinated. This gorgeous stranger with
his slender, beautifully proportioned fig-
ure, finely modeled features, clear, white
skin and carefully groomed dark hair
was the most pleasing sight that had ap-
peared before their eyes all that sum-
mer.

  But as befitted a man with only five
dollars to his name and a growing hotel
bill, he turned his back upon them pres-
ently and passed on down the veranda
steps and along the path that led to the
tree-lined main street of the village. His
handsome face showed not a care. Des-
perate circumstances he had faced be-
fore many a time. Behind him was an
adventurous career that had been long
enough to teach him many ways of
wriggling out of trouble. It would have
taken something a good deal more seri-
ous than mere shortage of money to dis-
turb the magnificent po’se of Archibald
Ely Nash.

  A short walk brought him into the
business district of the village. Here
were a few small stores, a post office
and a bank. Northboro, tucked in a
fold of the hills, was a thrving little
place. Farmers came in from all over
the township to buy their supplies, and
in summer the high, dry air and the
beauty of near-by mountains filled the
tavern with prosperous visitors. Across
the street from the bank the big show
windows of a two-story frame building
exhibited a wide variety of goods. Over
the doorway was a conspicuous sign,
“Sherwood’s General Store.” Archi-
bald Ely Nash stopped in front of the
sign and looked in through the win-
dows. It was a slack hour, and the place
seemed to be deserted. Jauntily swing-
ing his cane, he stepped inside.

  For a moment, he believed he was
alone, and looking about he studied the
place with keen interest. Here, crowded
into one big room, it seemed as if there
Brand of the Fetters

7

must be everything a customer could
possibly want, everything from millinery
to farm tools. Presently, a soft voice
broke the silence. “Is there something
I can show you?” A girl had come into
view from behind stacks of dry goods
and was addressing him from one of
the counters. She was attractive enough
to draw his most engaging smile as he
stepped over to her. On closer obser-
vation, he thought he detected in her
comely face a faint resemblance to the
man he had come to see.

  “Something tells me you are Seth
Sherwood’s daughter,” he remarked.

  His familiar advances met with no
encouragement. “Then something tells
you the truth,” she returned brusquely.

  But he had stirred her curiosity, and
she was studying him with sharp in-
terest. He was of a type that had never
attracted her. For her years, she was
a keen judge of character, and she de-
cided there was something about this
stranger that she did not like. It seemed
to her that that handsome, - beguiling
face was like a mask for something evil
and menacing. For a moment, his cold
gray eyes held her spellbound. Never
before had she seen a man with eyes so
utterly lacking in human feeling. They
were as soulless as the eyes of a cat.

  With sudden resentment of her un-
friendly attitude, his manner stiffened.
“I came here to see your father,” he an-
nounced grimly.

  The girl pointed to an open door
in the rear. “You’ll find him back there
in the office.”

  The caller made his way into the lit-
tle rear room, and, finding Seth Sher-
wood alone there at his desk, closed the
door. The storekeeper, who, to judge
from the closeness with which he had
been holding his spectacled eyes to the
open pages of a ledger, was very near-
sighted, swung around in his swivel
chair and stared up at the intruder re-
proachfully. “Who told you to close
that door?” he demanded.

  He seemed to be very little the worse
because of the accident of the night be-
fore. There was a slight bruise on his
forehead, and strips of court-plaster
covered the few slight cuts on his right
hand.

  “So you don’t remember me?” said
the caller with a smile. “The last time
we saw each other until last night we
were a good two thousand miles from
here. That was twelve years ago.”

  The storekeeper’s eyes widened.
“You've made a mistake,” he gasped. “I
never saw you before. I was never
two thousand miles from here in my
life.”

  “You can’t fool me, Sherwin,” the
dapper visitor persisted. “You've
changed your name a trifle and you’ve
grown pretty old, but you’re the same
bird all right.” The visitor drew nearer,
and his voice sank to a whisper. “We
separated on the edge of a desert. We
were hunted men, you and I. For you,
twenty years in prison was waiting.
I’ve made no mistake about you. Last
night in the club car of the train, I saw
plainly the mark of the nippers on your
wrist.”

  For several tense seconds, the store-
keeper did not speak. Suddenly, he rose
from his chair, stepped close to his
visitor, and peered into his face with
a long, searching look. “Dupree!” he
muttered under his breath. “Joe Du-
pree !”

  “Right. But while I am in North-
boro my name is Nash.”

  There was a prolonged silence while
Seth Sherwood stood staring at his
visitor dubiously. The years rolled back.
With the eyes of his imagination, the
gray-haired man saw again the glaring
desert sands and the blistering sun flar-
ing red in a brazen sky. Once more,
he felt fettering steel burning into his
swollen flesh. He shuddered as he tried
to draw his thoughts away from a
chapter of his life he had been trying
for twelve years to forget. “I never
8

Detective Story Magazine

expected to see you again, Joe,” he said
at last.

  The visitor’s gaze wandered around
the little office. “I hear the world’s been
pretty good to you since we left each
other twelve years ago,” he said sul-
lenly.

  “I don’t know that it has,” the store-
keeper returned with a touch of bitter-
ness. “My wife died the year after we
came here. I don’t get much out of
life except worry. For all those twelve
years, I’ve been living in fear, Dupree—
fear!”

  “I never let fear bother me,” said the
visitor with a shrug. “If I were as well
fixed as you are, Sherwin, I’d never
worry about anything at all. But luck
don’t seem to like me. Through all
those years, I’ve been stepping out of
one trouble into another. In fact I’m
in trouble right now.”

  “What kind of trouble this time,
Joe?”

  “Oh, nothing very serious. Broke,
that’s all. I thought that perhaps you
could oblige me with a loan.”

  The storekeeper screwed up his wiz-
ened face as if in sudden pain. “I’m
pretty hard up myself, Joe,” he parried
after a moment of deep thought. “I
have to watch the pennies pretty close
to make both ends meet. How much
do you want ?”

  “A thousand dollars,” was the prompt
reply. *

  “A thousand dollars!” Seth Sherwood
cried. "Why, Joe, how could I ever
raise a thousand dollars, a poor country
storekeeper like me?”

  “Your check would be good for that
much at any time across the street at the
bank,” Archibald Ely Nash insisted. “I
hear this store of yours is a gold mine
and that you own mortgages all over
the village. I’ve learned a good deal
about your affairs since I drifted into
Northboro.”

  “You’ve been hearing a lot of fool
gossip,” Sherwood protested. “To let

you have a thousand dollars would start
me on the road to bankruptcy.”

  Joe Dupree, alias Archibald Ely Nash,
gazed reflectively at the amber crook of
his cane. “Oh, well,” he sighed after
a moment. “I suppose I’ll have to raise
the ducats somewhere eke.” And, mov-
ing slowly toward the door, he added:
“I guess I’ll go out and have a chat
with your daughter. Maybe she’ll be
interested to hear me talk about the old
times in the West.”

  “Wait!” cried the storekeeper, his
voice shrill with excitement. “You’re
not going to mention that old trouble of
mine to Lorna?”

  “Lorna?” queried Nash. “Is that
your daughter’s name? You mean she
doesn’t know?”

  “She was too young to know. She
was only eight years old at the time of
the trouble. She’s never found out
about it.”

  Nash,, who had been a little doubtful
on that point, pondered the information
silently. He had heard at the tavern
that Seth Sherwood, though an influen-
tial citizen of the village, was generally
regarded as a misery skinflint with a
heart for nobody in the world but his
daughter. Presently, he turned away
from the door and fastened on the store-
keeper a look that made the dried-up old
man tremble. The evil that lurked be-
neath the handsome, alluring mask was
revealing itself clearly now. The cold
gray eyes of Joe Dupree were merciless.
“Do I get the thousand, Seth Sher-
wood?” he inquired softly. “Or do you
want me to talk to your daughter about
the old days and then send the tip out
to a certain place in the West that a
runaway prisoner wanted there to serve
a twenty-year sentence for homicide is
one of the leading citizens of North-
boro?”

  The old man, feeling himself becom-'
ing enmeshed in that dreadful, tortur-
ing thing, the net of a blackmailer, was
desperately trying to save himself. He
Brand of the Fetters

9

was almost beaten, but there' was still
a little fight left in him. “You’re a
wanted man yourself,” he cried. “If
they take me back there you go, too.”

  “I don’t think so,” the other returned
calmly. “I’m foot-loose. I could drop
out of sight pretty quick. It wouldn’t
be from Northboro that I’d send the tip
out there. * I’d wait until I was in a
safer place. But you can’t drop out
of sight, Seth Sherwood—not unless
you give up your home and your daugh-
ter and your business.”

  The storekeeper pressed a quivering
hand to his perspiring forehead. He
realized at last that he was trapped,
helpless. To save himself, he would
have been willing to part with a good
deal more than a thousand dollars, but
he knew what blackmail meant. Neither
a thousand dollars nor twice that much
was going to get him out of the net.
This man would come again and again,
always asking for more, and eventually
would ruin him. “I—I’ll try to raise the
money for you, Joe,” he stammered at
last.

  “When do I get it?” the visitor de-
manded sharply.

  “I can’t just say. In a few days per-
haps. It’s going to be hard work rais-
ing it.”

  “I want it now. Go over to the bank
and draw it. I’ll wait here.”

  “But I haven’t got that much there,”
the storekeeper protested. “You’ve got
to give me time.”

  “Not an hour. And the bank will be
closing pretty soon. Get a move on
yourself, Sherwood.”

  Archibald Ely Nash had felt almost
certain that Seth Sherwood’s bank ac-
count was more than enough to meet his
demand, and that he was not mistaken,
became evident when the storekeeper,
realizing the futility of further protests,
picked up a check book from his desk
and went out of the office. A moment
■atcr, as he passed through the store,
Lorna Sherwood was startled by the

haunted look in his eyes and his agitated
manner.

   “Why, father, what’s the matter?” she
exclaimed.

   “Nothing—nothing at all, Lorna,” he
answered hoarsely. ‘'Everything's all
right.”

   But Lorna knew that everything was
not all right, and she was convinced that
the handsome stranger in the office had
brought bad news. Deeply puzzled, she
looked out through one of the show
wudows and watched her father cross
the street and enter the bank. Soon he
was back, hurrying past her without a
word and returning to his office, where
immediately he closed the door. It was
very seldom the office door was closed,
and she felt sure that something of a
particularly secretive nature must be
going on there. A few minutes passed.
Then the stranger came out alone. He
was swinging his cane jauntily and he
was smiling. It was strange, she mused,
that a bearer of bad news should look
so self-satisfied and cheerful.

CHAPTER III.

! POOR MAN AND HEIRESS.

J ATE in the afternoon of the follow-
ing day, Archibald Ely Nash, no
longer facing destitution but with a
thousand dollars added to the five-dollar
bill which had been the extent of his
financial resources twenty-four hours
earlier, was sunning himself on the ve-
randa of the Pine Tree Tavern, when
a particularly smart runabout carrying
a young man and a girl drew up at the
end of the lawn.

   The car could be easily recognized
as one of the. most expensive makes in
the market, and this evidence of wealth
stirred Nash’s interest at once. The
young couple stepped out and made their
way up to the hotel. The girl was a
tall, slender, stylish blonde, her com-
panion a rugged, athletic type, square-
jawed, rough-featured. As they came
10

Detective Story Magazine

up the steps, the girl caught sight of
Nash, and, observing that he wag watch-
ing her admiringly and that he was the
handsomest man she had seen all sum-
mer, she gave him a smile, which he
was quick to return.

  As she and her companion entered
the hotel, Nash rose from his chair and
followed them. Ignoring the office,
where on the counter the register lay
open for new arrivals, the couple passed
on through the lobby and into the tea
room. The entrancing smile the girl had
bestowed upon him had quickened
Nash’s interest. From behind the office
desk appeared the round, red face of
Rufus Bagley, the tavern’s proprietor,
and Nash strolled over to him in quest
of information.

  “Do you happen to know who the
girl is who passed through here just
now?” he inquired.

  “That’s Andrew J. Marland’s daugh-
ter,” Bagley informed him.

 “Marland?” The name was un-
familiar to Nash.

  “You never heard of Andrew J. Mar-
land?” said Bagley with a look of sur-
prise. “Why, he’s the woolen king.
Owns a whole manufacturing town
down near Boston. He was born up
here in Norothboro in the same house
where he spends his summers now. You
must have noticed the place. Big white
house up on the hill half a mile east of
here. A good many acres of private
estate with a brick-and-cement wall run-
ning round them. He’s fixed the old
house over considerably since he made
his pile, and he’s added a couple of
wings to it. I understand the daughter
finds Northboro too slow for her, but
she can’t get the old man to go any-
where else.”

  “And the man who’s with her ?” Nash
persisted. “Not her husband, is he?”

  Bagley grinned. “Not so lucky. He’s
only the man who wants to be her hus-
band. They’re supposed to be engaged,
but that don’t mean much to Jane Mar-

land. She’s been engaged two or three
times before. ‘Lefty’ Burke won’t be
sure of her till they’re married, which
isn’t liable to happen, the old man being
dead set against it. He’s so sore he
won’t even let Lefty come to the house.
That’s why they drift in here for tea
every day or two.”

  Turning his eyes to the doorway of
the tea room through which he caught
a glimpse of the young couple, who had
seated themselves at one of the tables,
\Tash- began to ruminate deeply over
what he had just learned.

  “Nice car out there,” he remarked
after a moment. “That Burke’s?”

  “Lefty’s? Gosh, no! That’s Jane
Marland’s. Lefty couldn’t afford a car
like that. He had to scratch around
pretty lively to raise the cash for a
secondhand flivver. I ain’t saying he
isn’t all right, but he’s not in the Mar-
land class. Old Marland’s ambitious for
his daughter; wants her to marry some-
body high up in the world. Lefty came
from poor folks, and he’s had a hard
row to hoe. Nice enough young fellow;
lots of push to him. Went to college.
Pitched for the college team. That’s
where he got his name. A left-handed
twirler. Between you and me, I don’t
believe Jane Marland cares much about
him, but attractive young men happened
to be scarce around here this summer
and Lefty made the best of his opportu-
nities.”

  “And what does this bird do for a
living?” said Nash.

  “Oh, he’s got a little office up the
road. Sells village lots, farms and in-
surance—or tries to. He’s got a cheap
room here at the tavern.”

  Stroking his chin with his soft, mani-
cured fingers, Nash gave an ironic smile.
“It would be quite a rise in the world
for this Lefty Burke if he married Jane
Marland, eh? Especially when the old
man died. How many millions will she
get?”

  “Quite a number,’’ returned Bagley
Brand of the Fetters

11

vaguely. “She’s the only child and her
mother’s dead.”

  Suddenly, in Nash’s agile mind, am-
bition began to stir as never before.
Jane Marland, heiress to millions, had
smiled at him. At least, to that extent
he had attracted her. He was fully
aware of his own charms. He knew the
flutter of excitement he had stirred
among the girls at the tavern. They
were calling him Adonis, as he had
learned from overhearing scraps of con-
versation not intended for his ears, and
a library dictionary had informed him
that Adonis was a youth so beautiful
and alluring that the goddesses fought
over him.

  “It would be an easy game,” he mused
to himself. “A game that would be safe,
win or lose. And something tells me I
wouldn’t lose.”

  But a disturbing thought brought a
little pucker into his forehead. There
would be Andrew J. Marland to be
reckoned with. If the old man objected
so strenuously to Lefty Burke, what
would he do if he discovered the un-
known, mysterious Archibald Ely Nash
suing for his daughter’s hand? Here
was a serious difficulty indeed; yet there
might be some way of overcoming it.
With this perplexing problem in his
resourceful mind, he began to stroll
slowly up and down the lobby, his head
bowed in thought. He was still there
when half an hour later Jane Marland
and Lefty Burke came out of the tea
room. The girl noticed Nash at once,
and again she smiled at him, even more
graciously than before. The interchange
of flirtatious glances between the two
was so obvious that it failed to escape
Burke’s attention. His eyes flashed
wrath fully.

  “See here, Jane,” he growled loudly
enough for Nash to overhear, “I noticed
what passed between you and that cheap
Romeo out on the veranda. And now
you’re at it again. Haven’t you any
sense at all? You don’t know anything

about the fellow. He may be a bad
one.”

  “Jealous, Lefty?” she teased.

  Burke was too angry to trust his voice.
He turned a truculent glare to the hand-
some stranger, and with the girl beside
him passed on. The incident left Nash
unruffled. With a self-satisfied smile,
he turned to a window and watched the
pair get into the runabout and drive
away.

  “What a chance!” he mused. “Mil-
lions of dollars waiting for the guy that
gets that girl. And nobody in the way
except that poor stiff, Lefty Burke.”

  But for the moment he had forgotten
Andrew J. Marland.

  “I’ll play the game,” he decided. “I've
got a strong hunch that some day Jane
Marland is going to become Mrs. Archi-
bald Ely Nash.”

CHAPTER IV.

RIVALS.

DEING in no need of money at pres-
ent, Nash remained away from the
victim who had so reluctantly parted
with a thousand dollars. But now and
then, he cast a reflective eye on the gen-
eral store across the way from the bank.
He felt a sense of ownership in the
place. Its usually brisk business pleased
him. He was confident that he could
go in there and collect the profits when-
ever he might choose. Once he spoke
to Lorna Sherwood on the street, and
she cut him dead. The incident made
him wonder whether she had discovered
what he had done to her father. It
seemed improbable that she knew, but
she had made her dislike for Nash very
plain. .

  That, however, did not worry him
in the least. Lorna Sherwood occupied
only a small place in his thoughts. There
Was only one girl in Northboro he was
thinking much about at present. That
was Jane Marland. He strolled out to
the hill east of the village and took a
12

Detective Story Magazine

look at the Marland house and its well-
kept acres. The idea that he himself
might some time own or at least share
in that fine estate gave him a thrill. But
again and again, Andrew J. Marland
had come into his mind as a formidable
obstacle to his ambition. Marland had
been pointed out to him on the street,
and Nash had observed with a good deal
of satisfaction that the woolen king, a
grim, sharp-eyed man, was getting old
and feeble. What a stroke of fortune
his death, if it did not come too late,
would be to the crooked adventurer who
was after his daughter.

  On the fickle, susceptible Jane Mar-
land, the Adonis of the tavern had made
on their first sight of each other even
more of an impression than he sus-
pected. She was fond of Lefty and had
been taking her engagement to him
rather seriously. In fact, her father’s
stern opposition to the match had helped
Burke’s cause instead of hurting it, for
Jane was a girl who chafed under re-
straint, and she might marry Lefty just
to show that she was her own boss, if for
no other reason. But the idea of carry-
ing on a flirtation with the handsome
stranger at the tavern was appealing
and stirred all her romantic impulses.
She decided to give him an opportunity
of making her acquaintance, and, two
days after the incident that had aroused
Lefty’s jealousy, she went to the tavern
alone, choosing a time when usually
Lefty was away at business.

  It was there in the spacious lounge
room that Nash discovered her. She
was seated at the big center table look-
ing over the magazines. As he came
strolling slowly toward her, she looked
up at him and smiled charmingly.

  “I feel as if we were already old
friends,” said Nash with cool self-assur-
ance. “You remember perhaps that we
have seen each other before, though not
under such agreeable circumstances.”

  “But I don’t even know your name,”
she protested.

  He proceeded to introduce himself.
“I have been hoping for this opportu-
nity,” he told her softly, “but 1 was
afraid I was never going to find it. Now
that it has come, it seems too good to
be true.”

  Jane Marland laughed at him. “It
seems to me you are a little sudden,” she
said. “Do you say such nice things to
every girl you meet for the first time?”
“You may not believe it, but girls have
seldom interested me,” he answered sol-
emnly. “Until I saw you here the other
day, I was heart free and glad of it.
But the whole world has changed for me
since then.”

  “Really?” she said with a twinkle of
amusement in her eyes. “How nice of
you to say so! I don’t suppose you
mean a word of it, but it’s a relief to find
in this dull town a man who knows how
to talk.” .

  “It is dull, isn’t it?” he admitted. “I
don’t know why I came here. I was
going to get out .after the first day.
And then I saw you.”

  “Oh! So you’ve been staying on just
on my account?”

  “For 110 other reason.”

  Jane Marland leaned back in her chair
and laughed softly. The Adonis of the
tavern was surpassing all her expecta-
tions of him. • But though she seemed
to be merely amused by him, she would
have been glad to discover that She could
take his words seriously. She could not
recall that she had ever met quite such
a charming man. If she should find he
was really in earnest in his apparent de-
votion, she was beginning to feel already
that Lefty Burke would have a formid-
able rival for her affections.

  “It’s tea time, isn’t it?” he remarked
a few minutes later. “Suppose we go
and see what the tavern has to offer.”
They went into the tea room and
seated themselves at one of the little
tables. They had been there only a short
time when Lefty Burke appeared in the
lobby and looked in at them. Lefty
Brand of the Fetters

13

was a picture of suppressed fury. He
could hardly restrain himself. He had
seen enough to know that the handsome
stranger was making a strong impres-
sion upon Jane Marland. But he did
not go into the tea room, and, pres-
ently, finding the hotel unendurable
under the circumstances, he went out
and made his way to his office. There,
alone with bitter thoughts, he remained
for an hour.

  “I guess it’s about time I had an inter-
view with that bird,” he decided at last,
and, seething with anger, he returned
to the tavern. Jane Marland had gone,
and out on the veranda Nash was sit-
ting alone. Lefty stepped up to him
with menace in his eyes.

  “Nash, I want you to keep away from
Miss Marland,” he announced abruptly.
“You’re a stranger here, she knows
nothing about you, you’ve never even
been introduced to her as far as I can
learn. You had an unholy nerve to even
speak to her. If she wasn’t just a
spoiled child, she wouldn’t have had
anything to do with you.”

  Nash rose to his feet. “I don’t think
I need any advice from you,” he said
scornfully. “It seems to me you’re act-
ing like a fool. Miss Marland is old
enough to take care of herself without
your interference.”

  “Are you going to keep away from
her or not?” Lefty persisted.

  “Emphatically not, if she wants to
see me.”

  “I happen to be engaged to marry
Miss Marland,” Lefty explained.

  “Then I’m sorry for her,” said Nash
with a shrug.

  Suddenly losing control of himself,
Lefty swung a fist at him savagely.
Staggering back from a heavy blow on
the jaw, Archibald Ely Nash saw stars.
He barely saved himself from falling.
Regaining his balance, he stood staring
at Lefty with venomous hatred. “It’s
lucky for you I’m not packing a gun,”
he hissed between his teeth.

  “So you’re a gun fighter, eh,” Lefty
growled at him. “I knew you were some
kind of a crook. It shows all over you.
I guess I’ll have to watch out for my-
self, or I’ll feel a knife in my back some
dark night.”

  Turning away, he left Nash to nurse
his hate. And Nash was a man whose
hate was dangerous. There was an
evil, inhuman glare in his eyes now
that would have been terrible to see.

CHAPTER V.

     STRUCK DOWN IN THE DARK.

W HEN at last Nash regained his

      composure, he began to realize that
he was in a very awkward situation.
Jane Marland had promised to call on
the afternoon of the next day to take
him out in her car and show him some
of the mountain scenery. If Burke
should see them together again, there
would almost certainly be more trouble,
perhaps another blow on the jaw. Nash
knew that in a fist fight he would not
have the slightest chance against Lefty,
and he dreaded another encounter with
him. How was he going to continue his
attentions to Jane and at the same time
avoid Burke’s vengeance? It was a
problem for which he could find no im-
mediate solution. However, he was
quite certain he was not going to sur-
render to Burke’s demand. He fully in-
tended to see the heiress to Marland’s
millions whenever the opportunity might
offer itself.

  But Fate was bringing an answer to
his problem more quickly than he could
have imagined. Fate was on the tele-
graph wire the next morning sending
a message to Marland. The woolen
king learned that business made his
presence at a certain directors’ meet-
ing in San Francisco of pressing neces-
sity. To get there in time, he would
have to leave Northboro early the fol-
lowing morning. To provide himself
with money for the trip, Marland went
14

Detective Story Magazine

  to the bank soon after receiving the mes-
  , sage. He drew out fifteen hundred dol-
  lars in fifty-dollar bills fresh from the
  treasury. He was slipping the money
  into a pocketbook as he came out of the
  bank.

   At that moment, Nash happened to
 pass by. He noticed Marland on the
 banks step with the money in his
 hands. He was able to see that it was
 quite a sizable wad of large denomina-
 tions. More than once in his varied
 career, such a display of money had
 tempted Nash to theft, but there was no
 such temptation now when without any
 risk he could provide for all his needs
 merely by calling on Seth Sherwood.
 But Marland was always of interest to
 him, and he watched the old man cross
 the street and enter Sherwood's store.
 Then Nash continued on his way to the
 tavern.

    When Marland came into the store, he
  found Lorna Sherwood ready to wait
  upon him. “You carry most everything
  here, don’t you?” he said. “I want a
  small traveling bag that’s easy to carry.
  The only small ones I’ve got are in my
  house in Boston, and I’ve got to start
  for the West coast first thing in the
  morning.”

    Presently, Lorna found a bag that
 satisfied him, and, as he never cared to
 run accounts in the local stores, he of-
 fered one of his new fifty-dollar bills in
 payment. “Sorry, but it’s the smallest
 I’ve got,” he explained. “A nice fresh
 one. Just drew it out of the bank.
 Knew they wouldn’t be open over there
 at the hour I’ve got to leave in the morn-
 ing.”

    Lorna slipped the bill into the cash
  register, and counted out the change,
  and Marland, carrying his new bag, re-
  turned to his home on the hill.

    In the middle of the afternoon, his
  daughter drove in her smart runabout
  to the tavern, where she found Nash
  waiting for her. His handsome face
  was unmarked by the blow Lefty had

given him the day before, and it was not
until they were out of the village and on
a road where the mountains stretched
out before them in a magnificent pano-
rama that he made any mention of her
indignant fiance’s call upon him.

  “Your friend Burke seems to think
I have no right to your acquaintance,”
he informed her. “He came to see me
yesterday and spoke his mind rather
freely.”

  “What!” she exclaimed. “He came
to see you about me? Why, he must
be crazy!”

  “He was. One of the craziest men
1 ever saw. He told me he was engaged
to marry you, and that I, being a stran-
ger not entirely above suspicion, must
have nothing more to do with you.”
“What business is it of his?” she
cried angrily. “I thought he had more
sense. I’ll have to have a talk with
Lefty about this. He’s got to under-
stand that I’m my own boss.”

  “So you’re really engaged to marrv
that man?” Nash sighed dismally.

  “Oh, I suppose so,” she returned. “In
spite of his faults, I’m fond of Lefty.”
For Nash, the scenery had no interest.
He almost ignored it, so busy were his
thoughts with the problem of how to get
rid of Lefty Burke. And then there
was that other problem presented by
Marland. Not only Burke, but the old
man, too, stood in his way of winning
this girl. To steal her from Burke, he
felt might not be so difficult, but what
would be the use of winning a girl whose
father might disinherit her or tie up her
money so that her husband would never
be able to lay hands on a dollar of it ?

  “Dad starts for California to-morrow
morning,” she informed him when at
last they had exhausted the subject of
Burke’s interference.

  “I hope that doesn’t mean you are
going back to Boston,” he said anx-
iously.

  “No, I’ll stay here. It’s going to be
a hurried trip, and he’ll be back in a
Brand of the Fetters

15

very short while. We always keep the
Northboro house open till the snow be-
gins to fly.”

  Nash, who for a moment had felt
that his chance of winning the Marland
millions was slipping away from him,
heaved a sigh of relief.

  “When he’s gone, I’ll invite you to
the house,” she said. “If Lefty objects,
we’ll just tell him to go and jump on
himself.”

  “He’s more likely to jump on me,”
Nash remarked with a frown.

  “Well, you have as much right there
as he has,” she returned with a toss of
her head. “He’s been forbidden to
come, and, as dad sits up until all hours
of the night, poor Lefty has to stay
away.”

  “So your father is a night owl,” mut-
tered Nash thoughtfully.

  “Always has been. He never goes to
bed until midnight no matter how early
he gets up.”

  Nash tucked this scrap of information
away in his mind as something that
might be worth remembering, and, pres-
ently, his thoughts returned to his per-
plexing problems. During the remain-
der of the ride, he was unusually silent;
a vague idea had taken possession of
him and was slowly growing clearer and
developing. It was an idea so sinister
and desperate that it frightened him at
first, but he refused to let it alone. By
the time they returned to the tavern,
he had considered it so carefully in every
detail and had found it so flawless that
his fear of it was gone, and he was
convinced that he had found a way out
of his difficulties.

  Half an hour after parting from Jane
Marland, he stepped into the public
phone booth in the drug store and called
the office of Lefty Burke. The drug-
store booth was used so frequently and
by so many strangers on their way
through the village that he knew the
call would never be traced to himself.
It was Burke who answered him. The

young real-estate dealer when in his of-
fice was usually alone, for he had neither
stenographer nor clerk and few visitors.

  “My name is Johnson,” said Nash,
disguising his voice. “I want to buy a
farm, and I understand you’ve got some
for sale. But I can’t get over to see
you until nine o’clock to-night. Can
you meet me at that time at your office ?
It may be too late to see the properties,
but I can look over your lists and maps,
and maybe I can get a pretty good idea
from you of what you’ve got to offer.”

  Lefty, who had scarcely ever kept his
little office open so late as nine o’clock,
was under the impression that the stran-
ger, Johnson, was calling from some
distant town. “I’ll be there,” he agreed,
elated at the prospect of making a sale.

  At a few minutes before nine, Lefty
strolled down the road to the isolated
little shanty where he conducted his
business. It was late for Northboro,
and the streets were deserted. The of-
fice was dark and silent. He pulled out
his key and opened the door. He was
groping for the light switch, when there
was a sudden stir in the darkness and a
blow from something blunt and heavy
knocked him senseless.

  When at last he returned to conscious-
ness, he discovered that his hands and
feet were securely bound and there was
a gag in his mouth. He could not even
move his arms, which were fastened
tightly to his sides with ropes wound
around his body. His limbs were numb,
almost without feeling, so tight were his
bonds. The office was pitch dark, and
there was not a sound. He was too
weak and dazed even to attempt to free
himself.

  After what seemed like a long time,
he heard the door open, and somebody
came in. He caught glimpses of the
indistinct figure of a man, who presently
bent over him. The man’s face seemed
to be masked, but it was so dark that
to Lefty, he was no more than a shadow.
Suddenly, he caught the nauseating odor
16

Detective Story Magazine

of chloroform. A cloth saturated with
the drug was being pressed to his nose,
and, in a few moments, he slipped again
into unconsciousness.

  Then, once more, his senses returned.
The night had not passed, for there was
not even a glimmer of light, but he had
no idea of the hour. To his surprise,
he discovered that he was free. The
gag and the ropes had been removed.
Dizzily, he staggered up to his feet.
After a moment, he found the electric
button, and flooded the place with light.
He was alone, and the ropes and the
gag had disappeared completely. Not
the slightest evidence remained of what
had happened to him. The windows
were closed and locked. There was no
sign of burglary. The lock of the door,
however, was a simple one, and he knew
that anybody with experience at that
sort of thing could have picked it easily.

  If it were not for a splitting head-
ache and the lingering odor of chloro-
form, he would almost have belifeved the
whole affair had been only a dream. It
was hard to convince himself even now
that it had really happened, it was so
inexplicable, so preposterous. When
presently he discovered that neither his
watch nor his money had been taken
and that the papers on his desk had not
been disturbed, his perplexity grew. It
seemed as if the attack upon him must
have been the act of a maniac.

  “I guess I’d better keep my mouth shut
about this,” he decided, “or the whole
village will be laughing at me. They’ll
say I dreamed it. I haven’t got a darned
thing to prove it except a bump on my
head, which may be gone by morning.”

  He looked at his watch. It was al-
most one o’clock. He turned out the
light, and, finding his key in the pocket
where he had placed it after letting him-
self in, locked the place up. With his
thoughts in wild confusion, he made his
way back to the Pine Tree Tavern.
Entering the lobby, he saw Rufus Bag-
ley drowsing in the office as he waited

for the arrival of the stage fiom the
railroad.

  "You’re keeping pretty bad hours,”
Rufus observed sleepily as he opened
one eye at Lefty.

  “It looks that way, don’t it?” Lefty
returned, and passed on to the stairs and
up to his room. He was so dizzy that he
could scarcely pull off his clothes, but,
at last after much effort, he got into his
pajamas and crept into bed.

CHAPTER VI.

A LEFT-HANDED MURDER.

'T'HOUGH the night was more than
half gone when Lefty Burke fell
asleep in his room in the tavern after
the inexplicable attack upon him in his
office, a light was still shining in the
home of Andrew J. Marland. It was
the little lamp on the desk in the li-
brary. At that desk, Marland had been
sitting all through the evening, and now,
in the early hours of the morning, he
was still there. And there he remained
while the night dragged on into gray
dawn. The sun rose, but he did not stir,
and the lamp was still burning.

  At last a housemaid, intent on setting
the house in order for the day, stepped
into the room, and, startled at she caught
sight of the motionless figure at the
desk, stopped abruptly just inside the
door. “Mr. Marland ?’ she called. “Are
you awake?”

  There was no answer. The woolen
king had fallen into a sleep from which
no human voice was ever going to rouse
him. Timidly, the maid drew nearer.
Hours ago, Marland had been writing
business letters, but now his pen had
rolled to the floor, and the hand that
had been guiding it lay white and still
on a sheet of paper, which was slightly
spattered with ink. The desk stood
close against both walls of a corner of
the room. Near it was a wide-open win-
dow, which looked out upon neatly kept
lawns and gardens in the rear of the

            DS—1C
Brand of the Fetters

17

house. The weather was warm for so
late in the season in the mountains,
and the maid knew that Marland had
opened the window himself early in the
evening. The back of his chair almost
touched a curtain of a wide doorway
which gave a view of an adjoining room,
where there was another open window.
The maid had discovered that Marland
was dead, but that he had been mur-
dered did not occur to her until pres-
ently she caught sight of the long hilt
of a knife sticking out of his back. That
discovery was too much for her nerves,
and she screamed and ran away.

  Quickly, the news of the tragedy
spread over the village. Deputy Sheriff
Jim Wade heard it just after his break-
fast and at once telephoned to his chief,
Sheriff Luther Hawley, in his office in
Millsburg, the county seat, twenty miles
away. He knew Hawley would be com-
ing over just as fast as he could drive
his car over bad roads. The deputy got
to the Marland house in less than half
an hour after the maid’s gruesome dis-
covery. He had not been there many
moments before he found a clew that
startled him. He was quite sure it
would startle his chief, too.

  Wade had found out everything that
servants seemed able to tell, when the
sheriff, a big, long-limbed, powerful-
looking man with an air of authority,
made his way past the little crowd of
villagers and farmers who, drawn there
by curiosity, had gathered in front of
the house. Hawley came hurrying up
the steps, and at the door found his
deputy waiting for him.

  “Tell me all you know, Jim!” the
sheriff demanded. “I was so anxious
to beat it over here quick that I couldn’t
wait to get the details from you on the
phone.”

  Wade led his chief into the room
where Marland’s body remained in the
chair at the desk just as the maid had
found it. The little lamp was still burn-
ing; the window was still wide open;

 DS—2C

the pen was still lying at the dead man’s
feet. Apparently, nothing had been dis-
turbed since the finding of the body.

  “I haven’t had a chance to talk with
Miss Marland yet,” said Wade, “but I
found out from the butler that, just be-
fore she went to bed last night, her
father was sitting here writing and that
he said good night to her. That was
about ten o’clock. It was about eight
this morning when the maid found him.
Everything’s just the way it was then.
I’ve got a couple of men outside keep-
ing folks away from some footprints.
Lucky I got here quick enough to save
those tracks from being walked over.”

  “Footprints, eh?” exclaimed Hawley,
raising his shaggy eyebrows.

  “Shoe prints, to be exact,” said Wade.
“Step over there to that window and
see for yourself.”

  The sheriff went to the open window
near the desk and looked out. Showing
clearly in the moist earth of a flower
bed, which extended along the wall of
the house, were the prints of rubber
soles with fancy designs. The window
was not too far above the ground for
a man outside to climb in without a
great deal of effort. But there was no
indication here that a man had climbed
in—only that he had climbed out.

  “Those prints all lead one way, Jim,”
the sheriff observed; “away from the
window. How did the cuss get in?”

  “Through the open window in the
next room, chief,” replied Wade. “The
same kind of shoe prints are down below
it in that garden, only they lead to the
house. From outside, the man could
see Marland at the desk, but he didn’t
want to be seen himself, so he went to
that other window, sneaked through that
room without a sound on his rubber
soles, and, the instant he stepped from
behind the door curtain, he was near
enough to Marland’s back to strike the
blow.”

  Luther Hawley stroked his square
chin thoughtfully. “Find any shoe
18

Detective Story Magazine

prints on the floor of that next .room?”
he asked.

  “Only some little spots of earth. A
rug covers most of that floor. He didn’t
track any earth into this room because,
by the time he got here, the rug had
wiped it off of his shoes.”

  Slowly, the sheriff turned to look
around the room. Marland’s library was
not impressive. Books covered only a
small part of the wall space. The room
was small and simply furnished.
Against the bright sunshine pouring in
through the open window, the light of
the little lamp looked wan and feeble.
“I’m afraid we’re a long way from find-
ing out who did this job, Jim,” he re-
marked gloomily.

  “I’ve got a feeling that we’re a whole
lot nearer to it than you think, chief,”
his deputy returned. “We can have
plaster casts of those shoe prints, and
there’s evidence that the man was left-
handed. Take a look at that hilt stick-
ing out of Marland’s back, and you’ll
see what I mean. The blade’s driven in
two inches to the left of his spine and
down near his heart. The hilt slants out
toward the left. And close against the
left side of the chair is the wall. A
right-handed man would have struck on
the other side of the spine and the hilt
would have a slant toward the right.”

  “Toward the right and also upward,”
Hawley amended.

  “Not necessarily,” said Wade. “Mar-
land was probably leaning far forward
over his work. In that case a killer, in-
stead of reaching far over the tall back
of the chair and striking from above,
would have found it easier to bend his
knees a little and strike around the back
of the chair from his hip. In that case,
the hilt would be almost horizontal with
the floor, just as it is now. It was cer-
tainly a left-handed blow, chief. You
can’t reason that fact away.”

  Sheriff Hawley nodded his approval.
“You can step to the head of the class.
Jim. You’re a bright young fella.”

  The deputy had been holding back a
surprise to reveal at some moment when
it would be most effective. He felt that
that moment had now arrived. “And I
can show you something else to prove
that the killer was left-handed,” he an-
nounced, narrowing his eyes at Hawley.
“Something that’s going to give you a
jolt, chief.”

  As Hawley was staring at him with a
puzzled frown, Wade produced a small
pocket memorandum book with the name
“Samuel E. Burke” printed in gilt let-
ters on its morocco cover. “That’s
Lefty’s,” he whispered. “I found it
lying on the floor up against this open
window.”

  “Lefty Burke!” exclaimed Hawley
with a start. “Oh, no, Jim! I can’t
believe he’s guilty of this job.”

  “I’m not accusing him—not yet,” said
Wade. “But that book is his all right.
It’s full of scribbled memoranda, and I
recognized the handwriting. Maybe
he’ll be able to offer some explanation
plausible enough to make things look
less black for him, but all the same I
think we’d better take a look at Lefty’s
shoes. It’s certainly strange that that
book should be found here under that
window only a few steps from the body,
when Marland, as everybody around
here knows, has forbidden him the
house.”

  “It would take considerable to make
me believe Lefty Burke did this,” the
sheriff declared, shaking his head sadly.
“It was probably the work of a sneak
thief, Jim.”

  Wade gave a nod of assent. “It cer-
tainly was, chief, for Marland has been
robbed.”

  “Of what ?” the sheriff demanded with
a little upward jerk of his head.

  “Money. Ferguson, the cashier of
the bank, came around here cross lots a
little while ago from his home on the
other side of the hill. He thought I’d
be interested to learn that Marland drew
fifteen hundred dollars from the bank
BrancTof the Fetters

19

yesterday. There isn't any safe in this
house. Marland always kept his money
in his pocketbook in an inside pocket of
his coat. That pocketbook has disap-
peared. It's hard to believe Lefty would
commit murder merely to steal fifteen
hundred dollars, but, chief, I’ve got to
remind you that Marland’s death may
bring Burke’s reach nearer fifteen mil-
lions than fifteen hundreds. Remem-
ber he’s engaged to Marland’s daughter,
and the old man has threatened that, if
she married him, he’d cut her off with-
out a cent. He can’t cut her off now.
The millions are already hers. She can
marry Lefty Burke whenever she wants
to.”

  Hawley gave a shrug of his heavy
shoulders. “Jim, I hope you’re not hint-
ing that Jane Marland might have had
something to do with this job.”

  “Not hinting anything against any-
body,” his deputy assured him bluntly.
“Just stating facts, that’s all.”

  “Would a man aiming at millions
waste time looking for a pocketbook?”
said Hawley.

  “He might,” Wade insisted, “if he
was in desperate need of a little money.
It’s common talk that Lefty’s up against
it hard, that he’s in debt, that sometimes
he can’t even pay his hotel bill.”

  Though Luther Hawley knew most
of the people of Northboro. he lived too
far away to hear much of the latest gos-
sip about their private affairs, and this
information seemed to surprise him. “I
didn’t know that,” he muttered gravely.
And after a moment he added: “I think
we ought to have a talk with Jane Mar-
land.”

  “Well, I wanted to,” returned Wade,
“but she’s naturally all broken up over
this, and the butler said she ought not
to be disturbed. What’s happened to
your finger-print man, chief, with his
camera ?”

  Hawley was proud of his finger-print
outfit which he had recently persuaded
parsimonious county supervisors to buy

for him, and. in his haste to get away
to Northboro, he hadn’t forgotten about
it. “He’ll be over pretty soon, I guess,”
lie answered. “I couldn’t wait for him.
But we won’t find any prints on the hilt
of that knife. It’s rough bone. There’s
not a smooth spot on it. After he’s
hunted for finger prints, he can photo-
graph those shoe prints outside, and
then we’ll make plaster casts of them.
But I’m going to see Jane Marland
right now. Jim. no matter how bad she
feels.”

  With a look of fierce determination,
the sheriff started off to look for the
butler. Wade followed him. As they
stepped into the big square entrance hall
in front of the house, Hawley stopped
abruptly, for to his surprise he had
caught sight of Jane Marland, whom he
was so eager to interview, coming down
the broad staircase. As might have
been expected, she still showed signs of
the shock her father’s death must
have been to her, but, though she was
very pale and her eyes were swollen and
tear stained, she seemed to have her-
self under firm control.

  As she reached the foot of the stairs,
Hawley stepped forward to intercept
her. ‘‘I don’t like to trouble you at
such a time, Miss Marland,” he ex-
plained softly, “but, before I go any
further with this case, there are some
questions I’ve got to ask you.”

  There were but few people in the
county who did not know Luther Haw-
ley, at least by sight, and the girl recog-
nized him. For a moment, she studied
his face anxiously and seemed uncertain
what answer to make. “What is it you
want to ask me?” she said at last.

  “I want to know whether you saw
Lefty Burke here last night,” he re-
plied grimly.

  The girl, quick to sense the suspicion
in his mind, gave a slight start. His
sharp, searching look seemed to shake
her nerves. “I—I dor’t understand
what you mean, sheriff,” she stammered
20

Detective Story Magazine

after a moment. “Surely you don’t

think-”

  The sentence remained unfinished,
and she stared past him through the
wide-open front door to a handsome,
smartly dressed man who had just come
up the steps. “You must excuse me,
sheriff,” she said quickly. “There is
somebody I must see at once.”

  As she hurried to the door, Hawley
swung around to see who was there. He
had never seen the man before, but
Wade had seen him several times and
had heard his name. He recognized
him now as Archibald Ely Nash.

CHAPTER VII.

LEFTY BURKE’S SHOES.

S the circumstances seemed to de-
mand of him, Nash’s face was very
grave and his manner subdued as he
grasped the welcoming hand Jane Mar-
land extended in welcome.

  “It was good of you to come,” she
murmured.

  “I couldn’t stay away,” he said, look-
ing sadly into her eyes. “I scarcely ex-
pected to see you, but I felt that I must
call and at least leave my name and my
deepest sympathy.”

  Nash, who had developed his natural
social gifts by careful study of the ways
of the fashionable world, was one of the
most tactful of men. Though he was
eager for information concerning the
ghostly happening of the night before,
he waited silently for the girl herself
to speak of it of her own volition. He
did not have long to wait, for, as he
stepped into the hall, Jane whispered
to him: “That big man at the foot of
the stairs is Sheriff Hawley, and I’m
afraid he means to make himself very
disagreeable. I don’t want to speak
with him. For some reason or other,
I believe he suspects Lefty. Only a
moment ago, he asked me if he was
here last night.”

“The man must be a fool,” Nash mut-

tered. “Don’t worry about Burke. But
if I were you, I’d answer the sheriff’s
questions. If you don’t, you will only
increase whatever suspicion he may
have.”

  “Oh, I am so glad you are here!” she
exclaimed under her breath. “If you
will stay by me, I’ll talk with the man
and won’t feel so much afraid of him.”

  Leading Nash over to the foot of the
stairs, she introduced him to the sheriff.
“Mr. Nash is a good friend of mine,”
she explained, “and he thinks I ought
to answer whatever questions you want
to ask. I might as well tell you right
now that I didn’t see Lefty Burke here
last night—that he hasn’t been here for
weeks.”

  “No?” said Hawley incredulously.
He turned his eyes to Nash. “I’ve just
been told by Mr. Wade here that you’re
staying at the tavern. Did you see
Burke last night?”

  For a moment, Nash kept an awk-
ward silence. “See here, sheriff, I don’t
want to say anything that might get
Burke mixed up in this affair,” he burst
out, his face full of trouble.

  “Which means, I suppose, that you
do know something that might mix him
up in it,” the sheriff persisted with
keener interest. “Tell me the truth,
Nash. It’s bound to come out some
time. You did see Burke last night.
Where and when?”

  Nash hesitated over his reply. “It’s
better to tell what little I know,” he de-
cided suddenly. “It’s impossible that
Burke could have been connected with
such a terrible crime as this, and no
matter what I or anybody else can say
his innocence is sure to come out. Usu-
ally, I go out for a little stroll before
going to bed. Last night about eleven
o’clock, I was passing the Marland
grounds and was nearing the gate, when
I saw Burke coming toward me. I
spoke to him, but he didn’t answer.”

  “Did he come out of that gate?”
Hawley demanded quickly.
Brand of the Fetters

21

  “I don’t suppose so. I don’t know
where he came from.”

  The sheriff’s eyes were bright with
suddenly aroused excitement. “Jim,
let’s see that book,” he snapped. He
reached out and seized the pocket
memorandum book that Wade pro-
duced. “Look at the name on this,
Miss Marland. It was found this morn-
ing lying on the floor just inside the
open window of the library. It belongs
to Burke. Can you explain how it got
there?”

  Jane looked at the name on the cover
and gasped. “Why, it’s impossible!” she
cried, her eyes wide with amazement.
“He hasn’t been here, I tell you, for
weeks.”

  For several seconds, Hawley stared
into her face without a word. “Well,
all right,” he sighed at last, plainly
doubting her. “We’ll let it go at that.
But, Jim, go find Lefty Burke and
bring him here. And if he isn’t wear-
ing shoes with fancy rubber soles, go
to his room and look for a pair that has

J >»

em.

  As Wade passed out of the house,
Nash noticed that the girl’s nerves were
in a bad state, and he turned to her
with a look of sympathy. “Come away,
Miss Marland. You can’t stand any
more of this.”

  “No! No!” she cried. “I’ve got to
see this through. I’ve got to wait here
for Lefty.”

  Though it had seemed certain that, if
Lefty were in the village, he would be
found very quickly, it proved to be a
long wait, but at last they saw him com-
ing up the steps of the house in charge
of the deputy. Apparently, Wade had
not taken any shoes from Lefty’s room,
for there was nothing in his hands. The
young real-estate dealer looked com-
pletely bewildered. As he stepped into
the house and saw the three persons
who were waiting there for him, his
eyes widened and he stared blankly at
their grave faces.

  “Well, Jim,” snapped the sheriff im-
patiently. “What’s the answer?”

  Wade scowled. “Knowing Burke, I
hate to say it, chief, but those shoes he’s
wearing seem to have the kind of soles
we want. But we’ll know in a minute.
We’d better take him around outside to
those prints under the windows.”
Presently, as the two officers led
Burke out of the house and around to-
ward the garden in the rear, Jane Mar-
land started to follow them. Nash
protested, for he could see that she was
under an intense strain, but she per-
sisted stubbornly, and they went along
together to the spot marked by the steps
of the man who some time in the dead
of night had come to Marland’s library.
As they arrived at the garden bed where
the footprints were so clearly visible,
Lefty, with the two officers standing be-
side him, was sitting on the ground tak-
ing off his shoes.

  With fast-growing impatience, Haw-
ley seized the first shoe to come off, and,
holding it carefully over one of the
footprints in the earth, found that it
fitted the mark exactly. He turned the
shoe over and studied the design of
circles and crosses on the sole. It was
a design that had its exact counter-part
in the imprint in the earth, even to the
places where the rubber had been
slightly worn away by use.

  Jane Marland saw everything. She
saw how perfectly the sole of Lefty’s
shoe fitted the imprint. And suddenly
all her sympathy for the young man she
was engaged to marry vanished.
“You!” she cried, staring at him with
flashing eyes. “I couldn’t believe it! I
never could have believed but for this!”
Her voice sank into a sobbing whisper.
“But now—now I know!”

  Stepping up to Burke, Sheriff Haw-
ley pointed a long, accusing finger into
his face. “Tell the truth!” he roared.
“You did it. You can’t deny it. You’re
the man who crept into this house last
night and killed Andrew J. Marland.
22

Detective Story Magazine

There’s no getting away from it, Burke.
Look at this.” He held up the little
memorandum book before Lefty’s eyes.
“It’s yours. It was found inside that
open window.”

  Lefty tried to speak, but the words
caught in his throat. His eyes, with a
wild, baffled look in them now, turned
to Jane. Her nerves had broken at last,
and she was sobbing bitterly. Archibald
Ely Nash had fondly thrown a long,
slender arm around her shoulders—the
arm with the wrist watch.

CHAPTER VIII.

THE CLINCHING STORY.

17 VER since the days when they had
been friends and classmates in
school, Lorna Sherwood had cherished
a romantic attachment for Lefty Burke.
Nobody ever suspected it, not even
Lefty himself. She would never have
dared speak of it to anybody. But that
little secret love affair, coming into her
drab life, had made the world brighter
for her, had lifted her thoughts above
the dull routine of household chores and
her work in her father’s store.

  To her quiet brown eyes Lefty was
a hero, a wonder man, the embodiment
of all the gifts the gods have to offer
to poor humanity. She hadn’t seen him
very often of late, but she liked to let
her thoughts wander back to the old
winter days when he had drawn her to
school on his sled, and to the old sum-
mers when they had gone to the mill
pond together and he had taught her
how to swim and to fish and to row a
boat. Even now he was her idol.

  She had never really believed he
would ever fall in love with her, for
she did not rate herself very highly, and
she had accepted his engagement to
Jane Marland without a touch of bit-
terness. It was the greatest shock of
her life when Lefty was arrested for
the murder of Jane Marland’s father.
The whole village might believe him

guilty; in fact, most of the village did
believe so already, but she herself would
never doubt him, no matter what the
evidence might be.

  Lorna had formed some specific ideas
of her own concerning the murder of
Marland, and these ideas all directed
her suspicion to one man. That man
was Archibald Ely Nash. She had felt
a sudden dislike for the Adonis of the
tavern the very moment she first set
eyes on him. A keenly intuitive girl,
she had been quick to sense the evil na-
ture that lurked behind the disguise of
his handsome, alluring face. A logical
process of reasoning told her that Nash
had plenty of motive not only for kill-
ing Marland but for fastening the crime
on Lefty. She knew that Jane was
ignoring Lefty in his cell in the village
jail, that she had turned against him,
and that Nash was paying her devoted
attention.

  Marland, who would have bitterly
opposed the smooth stranger’s wooing
of his daughter, was out of the way,
and Lefty was no longer to be feared.
That Nash might have had strong rea-
son to get rid of both men was obvious
to Lorna, but apparently to nobody else.
Now that her father was dead, the
headstrong Jane was her own boss.
She could - see Nash wherever and
whenever she pleased. Lefty was no
longer an obstacle to be reckoned with.
For the Adonis of the tavern the way
was clear, and, tactful, sympathetic, of
polished manners and clever speech, he
was making the best of his opportuni-
ties.

  Two other men besides Nash were
the recipients of Lorna’s bitter ani-
mosity—Sheriff Hawley and his deputy,
Jim Wade. She was convinced that the
two officers were prejudiced against
their prisoner and were ignoring every
fact that might point to his innocence.
She had to acknowledge to herself,
however, that those facts were very
few and seemed to be completely out-
Brand of the Fetters

23

weighed by the evidence that had been
presented, and that was continuing to
accumulate against her idol. The case
of the prosecution was even stronger
now than at the time of Lefty’s arrest,
for the weapon with which Marland had
been killed had been identified as
Lefty’s hunting knife.

  Lefty’s own story was too fantastic
for general belief. He had told at last
of how he had been attacked in his of-
fice and left bound and unconscious.
He had argued that his shoes could have
been removed from his feet at that time
without his knowledge, that they could
have been worn by his assailant to Mar-
land’s house, and then, after the mur-
der, could have been put back on his
own feet. And he had explained how
easy it would have been for anybody
to steal his hunting knife from his room
in the tavern. But the village was
laughing at the prisoner’s incredible
story, and, convinced at last that he
was the unfortunate victim of a perfect
frame-up, he had given way to absolute
despair.

  Lorna was feeling pretty desperate
herself. Almost convinced of Nash’s
guilt, she had been seeking some way
of launching an attack upon him that
would bring him under general suspi-
cion. She had been watching him like
a hawk at every opportunity. Remem-
bering all the details of the murder, she
had hoped to find he was left-handed.
In that effort, she had been sharply dis-
appointed, for the evidence all seemed
to point the other way. She had found
that he wrote with his right hand and
seemed to use it at all times in prefer-
ence to his left.

  The morning of the day after Lefty’s
arrest, Nash called on Seth Sherwood
in his little office in the rear of the store.
After the man had gone, Lorna, ob-
serving her father’s agitation, was
deeply perplexed. She had not forgot-
ten how troubled her father had seemed
after the first visit Nash had paid him;

and now the same thing had happened
again.

  A few hours later, Sheriff Hawley
came into the store. Ignoring Lorna, he
passed on into the office, where he found
Sherwood at his desk.

  “I hear you’ve been looking for me,
that you’ve got something important
to tell,” Hawley began.

  The storekeeper was looking thor-
oughly miserable. His face was white
and drawn, and his weak eyes were full
of anxiety. “I’m afraid I have,” he an-
swered, drawing a hand across his fore-
head. “I’ve hated to tell you, Hawley,
and it’s all I can do to bring myself to
it now, for I’ve known Lefty Burke
for years and have never heard any-
thing against him.”

  Hawley glanced at him with sud-
denly quickened interest. “So you
know something against Burke, eh?
What is it?”

  “I—I saw him, Hawley, that night
that Marland was killed,” the store-
keeper stammered with very obvious re-
luctance. He paused, frowned and bit
at his lips as if he already repented his
words.

  “Go on, Sherwood. When and where
did you see him?”

  “You know my house isn’t very far
from the Marland grounds,” Sherwood
resumed with an effort. “Well, there
was a letter I had forgotten to open, and
I had left it here in my desk. I didn’t
think of it till late in the evening, and
then it began to worry me. I thought
it might be something important, and
I felt that I couldn’t sleep till I ’had
looked at it. So I came down here and
got it. I was on my way home, and
was almost there, when I saw a man
climbing over the Marland wall. He
dropped to the path right in front of
me. It was Burke. My eyesight isn’t
very good, but I was so close I couldn’t
mistake him. It must have been about
eleven o’clock, and I asked him what
he was doing out so late in the Mar-
24

Detective Story Magazine

land grounds. He didn’t seem to, be
quite himself. He seemed dazed. He
told me a rambling story about how he
had been drinking some bootleg whisky,
and he said he hadn’t any idea how he
got into Marland’s grounds. I left him
there and went on home.”

  For a few moments, the sheriff pon-
dered the old man’s story in silence,
until at last a slow smile lit up his
face. “We’ve got him, Sherwood!
We’ve got him dead to rights now.
That’s the clinching story. It means a
death sentence for Lefty Burke.”

  The smile was lingering on the sher-
iff’s face when a little later, leaving
Sherwood at his desk, he stepped out
into the store. Hawley was a change-
able sort of man. Though he had not
been ready to believe in Lefty’s guilt
at first, after he was convinced of it
by the evidence of the shoes, his former
friendly feeling for the young real-es-
tate dealer turned into contempt and he
had been finding a grim satisfaction in
the accumulating evidence. In his
cheerful frame of mind, he did not
ignore Lorna after leaving her father’s
office. She was standing behind one of
the counters, and he stopped to speak to
her.

  “What are you smiling so happily
about, sheriff?” she asked.

  “I’ve just heard some pretty good
news, Lorna,” he replied. “Your fa-
ther’s been talking with me about Leftv
Burke.”

  Lorna could scarcely conceal her sud-
den excitement, but she made an effort
to show indifference. “Oh, I can guess
what he’s been telling- you,” she said
with a shrug. “He doesn’t keep any
secrets from me.”

  “That so?” The sheriff was in a
talkative mood, and he had no very
strong reason for keeping his fresh in-
formation to himself. It would come
out in court pretty soon, and he thought
that probably the girl had heard the
story from her father already. “So you

know about Lefty climbing over the
Marland wall on the night of the mur-
der?”

  Lorna’s wits were wide awake. “I
heard something about it. Just what did
my father tell you? His memory isn’t
very good and perhaps I can supply
some details he’s forgotten.”

  “Why, he told me about how he came
down here to the store late that night
to get something, and, on his way home
saw Burke climbing out of the Mar-
land grounds. Lefty told him he’d been
drinking and didn’t know how he got
there. It’s the clinching story, Lorna,
coming from a man of your father’s im-
portance in the village. What he says,
a jury will believe. We don’t need any-
thing more -now to convict Burke of
first-degree murder.”

  Lorna believed that Hawley, for some
reason she could not fathom, was lying
to her. It was impossible for her to
believe her father had told such a story.
But she was trembling when presently
the sheriff passed out into the street.
She rushed into the office. “Father,
what did you tell the sheriff just now?”
she demanded.

  “Oh, nothing of any importance,
Lorna,” he replied nervously.

  “He says you saw Lefty climbing
over the Marland wall that night. He
says you told him so.”

  Sherwood knew the whole village
would know his story before long. He
wouldn’t be able to keep it from Lorna
much longer. “I had to tell him what
I saw.” he muttered, turning his eyes
away from her.

  “You told him that?”

  “Yes—told him everything.”

  “You deliberately told him that?
Father! Why did you have to tell such
a lie? For it was a lie. You were with
me at home all that evening. You know
you were. You didn’t leave the house
for a moment.”

  Sherwood looked as if he were in
agony. “Lorna!” he cried desperately.
Brand of the Fetters

25

“I had to tell that story. There’s a
reason I can’t talk about.”

  “A reason for telling a lie that will
convict Lefty of murder?”

  Sherwood had reached the limit of
endurance. Suddenly, his quivering
nerves seemed to break and a long-
drawn sob broke from his lips as he
covered his bowed face with his hands.
“I was forced to tell it!” he whimpered.
'‘Yes, forced! There’s nothing about
my past life that I must hide from you,
Lorna, but I’ve got to stick to that lie
or spend the rest of my life in prison.”
His long shirt sleeve had slipped back
from his right wrist, exposing the brand
of the handcuff. Lorna several times
before had seen that ugly strange scar
and had often wondered about it, but
she stared at it now with fresh curiosity.
For years, she had suspected that there
was some cloud over her father’s past,
but not until this moment had she felt
certain that Archibald Ely Nash was
connected with it.

  “Was it Nash who forced you to tell
that lie?” she demanded.

  “He’s been squeezing money from
me, Lorna. To-day he came and prom-
ised he’d never ask me for another dol-
lar if I’d tell that story about Burke.
But if I refused he’d expose me, would
tell everything he knew about me. I’m
helpless, Lorna, and so are you. If
you tell that I lied, it will be the end of
me. I’ve got to testify against Burke
in court or Nash will have me sent to
prison for twenty years.”

  Into his daughter’s face came a look
of fierce determination such as he had
never seen there before. Her eyes
flashed, and her little fists were clenched
tightly. “Father, would prison be any
worse than the torment you’d have all
the rest of your life when you realized
you’d told a lie that had sent an inno-
cent man to death? You’ve got to tell
the truth. If you don’t, I’ll have a story
of my own to tell in court—a true
story.”

CHAPTER IX.

THE SAVING LIE.

'THE convetous hands of Archibald
Ely Nash were drawing closer and
closer to the Marland millions. The
woolen king’s will disclosed the fact
that he had left to his daughter his en-
tire estate; moreover, the fact that the
mysterious Adonis of the tavern, of
whose past life nobody seemed to know
anything at all, had completely won
Jane Marland’s affections was becoming
obvious to the whole village. The spell
that Nash exercised over the girl was
almost hypnotic. He knew that, after
she had become his wife, he would find
a way of doing as he pleased with her
property. He had already made the
pleasing discovery that Jane didn’t have
much of a head for business. The
tragic'death of Marland and the pitiful
plight of Burke did not cause him any
loss of sleep. In fact, he was able to
find amusement in the thought that,
while his former rival for Jane’s affec-
tions was behind prison bars and would
probably never be free again, he him-
self could look forward to a life of lux-
urious ease.

  Not only had Lefty been abandoned
by Jane Marland in his time of trouble
but by almost everybody in the village.
He had begun to believe that not one
human being believed in his innocence,
and that he was doomed to die. Against
the mass of evidence pointing to his
guilt, he felt that his case was hope-
less. He scarcely expected that any-
body would come to see him in his
lonely prison through mere friendship
or sympathy or faith in him, and, when
one morning he discovered Lorna Sher-
wood standing at the door of his cell,
his heart leaped.

  “Oh, Lefty, I simply had to come to
tell you I still believe in you, no matter
what people are saying,” she burst out
with a little sob.

  He. had scarcely spoken with Lorna
26

Detective Story Magazine

for months, hut now suddenly his
thoughts went back to the old days when
they were boy and girl together, and the
realization that there was as least one
human being who believed in him gave
him a thrill. “Dear little Lorna!” he
cried. “You’re the truest friend I’ve
got in the world. You always did be-
lieve in me. When we were kids to-
gether, you thought I was going to be
a great man some day. I’ve been an
awful disappointment, haven’t I? It
looks as if they’d got me. There doesn’t
seem to be any hope for me at all right
now.”

  “I can’t stay long,” she hastened to
tell him. “The jailer won’t let me. But
I don’t want you to give up hoping.
I’ve thought of a way to help you; I
can’t tell you what it is, but it’s some-
thing that may set you free.”

  For a moment, Lefty stared out at
her through the bars with wondering
eyes. Then he gave a bitter little laugh.
“Why, poor little girl, there’s nothing
that can set me free, nothing that you
could do, anyhow.”

  “You’re wrong, Lefty,” she insisted.
“You don’t know what I’m thinking
about. I really have found a way.”

  She was so very serious about it and
seemed so confident that his curiosity
was stirred. “Tell me, Lorna,” he
urged. “You don’t mean you’ve found
some kind of evidence that’s been over-
looked?”

  “But I can’t tell you,” she returned
with a frowrn. And then after a mo-
ment of thought she added: “But, yes,
I’ll tell you this much, that I’m going to
lie for you, Lefty, Yes, that’s what I’m
going to do. I’m going to tell a lie that
will smash that whole case of Luther
Hawley’s to smithereens.”

  And, presently, leaving Lefty com-
pletely bewildered, she went away to
look for Sheriff Hawley at the town
hall, where he made his headquarters
during his stay in the village. She
found him before long at an opportune

moment, for he was alone in a little
room where he had a desk.

  “I never expected you’d honor me
with a visit,” he told her gallantly.
“What’s on your mind, Lorna? Got
something to add to your father’s
story ?”

  “There’s not a word of truth in my
father’s story,” she returned looking
Hawley squarely in the eyes. “He told
me himself it was a lie. And, before
long, he’s going to be telling you the
same thing. You’ll never have him
as a witness against Lefty Burke.”

  Hawley was startled. “A lie!” he
exclaimed. “Why, Lorna, it’s hard to
believe you. Why would he tell such a
lie as that?”

  “Because that man Archibald Ely
Nash told him to,” she answered
promptly. “He’s a blackmailer. He
knows about something—I don’t know
what—connected with my father’s past,
and he’s been holding it over him. He’s
been squeezing money from him. Nash
promised that he’d never ask him for
another dollar if father would tell that
story. And father had to tell it, for he
knew that if he didn’t something ter-
rible would happen to him. Sheriff,
I’ve come to tell you you’ve been on the
wrong track in this case right from the
start. You fell for the neatest frame-
up that was ever put over on an inno-
cent man. You never could see that
Nash had a bigger motive than any-
body in the world for killing Mr. Mar-
land. He wras after Marland’s daugh-
ter and Marland’s millions, and he had
to frame Lefty to get him out of the
way.”

  “Now—now, Lorna,” the sheriff pro-
tested. “You ought not to say things
like that. You can’t accuse Nash with-
out any more evidence than the fact
that he’s on friendly terms with Jane
Marland.”

  “I’ve got more evidence than that.”
Lorna assured him. “I’ve got evidence,
Mr. Hawley, that’s going to make you
Brand of the Fetters

27

do a lot of deep thinking, pretty soon.
You never found the money that disap-
peared from Mr. Marland’s pocket, did
you?”

  The sheriff seemed to be slightly puz-
zled. “I don’t see what you’re trying
to show,” he said, scowling and strok-
ing his chin. “We’ve got all the case
we need against Burke, even if we never
find that money.”

  Lorna was in no hurry to satisfy his
curiosity. “The last time Mr. Fergu-
son, the bank cashier, was in the store,”
she said, “he told me that money was
in brand-new bills and that he happened
to remember the numbers because the
first four figures of the first number
were the date of his birth and the rest
were ciphers. Of course, when he had
the number of the bill on the top of the
pack in his mind, he knew what the
numbers of the others were, for in a
new pack they ran consecutively.”
“Yes, we’ve got the numbers,” Haw-
ley admitted, “but what of it?”

  “Just this, Mr. Hawley. I’ve got
some of that money. And I know the
man who paid it to me in the store.”
From her purse, she took a new
fifty-dollar bill and held it before the
sheriff’s eyes. “Do you remember the
number, sheriff? It’s one of those
that’s on your list.”

  Hawley’s eyes widened. “Where did
that come from?” he demanded nerv-
ously.

  “From Archibald Ely Nash,” Lorna
answered. “This morning, he bought
some handkerchiefs in the store. He
said that was the smallest money he’d
got, so I had to change it for him. It
seems to me, sheriff, that it’s up to you
to take a look inside Nash’s pocketbook,
where you may find twenty-nine other
new fifty-dollar bills.”

  The sheriff was too deep in thought
to speak. The whole structure of the
case he had built up so carefully against
Lefty Burke seemed suddenly threat-
ened with destruction. Presently, he

rose from his chair. “I think I’ll take
your advice, Lorna,’" he said sheepishly.
“I’m going out right now to look for
that man Nash.”

  What happened subsequently—the
finding of the remainder of the miss-
ing money in Nash’s, room, the arrest
of Nash for murder, Seth Sherwood’s
confession that his story of seeing
Burke climbing Marland’s wall was a
lie—were a sensational series of events
in the history of Northboro. The send-
ing of Nash’s finger prints to the police
of the big cities of the country re-
sulted in the discovery of his criminal
career and of the fact that he was
wanted as a swindler in several places.
The faith of the village in Lefty re-
turned with surprising suddenness, and
his story was no longer doubted. In
fact, in the light of what had been dis-
covered about Nash, the story seemed
so perfectly plausible from beginning
to end that people began to wonder why
Luther Hawley and Jim Wade had
ignored it so completely. Presumably,
Nash had gone to Marland’s house in
Lefty’s shoes, taking with him Lefty’s
hunting knife and memorandum book.
The finding of a blackjack among
Nash’s possessions provided a theory
that he had first knocked Marland un-
conscious with a blow on the head and
that he had then had time to strike a
blow with the knife, that would appear
to have been dealt by a left-handed man.
Of course, there was no proof of this
and there never would be unless Nash
should confess. But the smooth-
tongued adventurer was not that kind
of a man. There was only one con-
fession he made—suicide. “And that’s
confession enough to satisfy anybody,”
observed Luther Hawley.

  To find himself suddenly facing the
certainty of conviction either for Mar-
land’s murder or on many other charges
when his hands had been so close to
millions had been too much of a shock
to the Adonis of the tavern. He was
28

Detective Story Magazine

found hanging from the bars of his cell
in a strangling noose which be had made
from strips of bedclothing.

  When at last Lefty Burke was set
free, he went at once to Seth Sher-
wood's store, where he found Lorna
alone.

  “Can you guess why I’ve come here,
little girl?” he asked her.

  “No, Lefty, I don’t think I can,” she
answered, looking up into his face and
trying to keep back the tears that were
brimming in her browm eyes.

  He took her into his big arms and
held her close. And, presently, he
whispered into her ear: “I know now
that I’ve always loved you, Lorna—ever
since we were kids."

  “But I’m an awful liar. Lefty,” she
sobbed. “It wasn’t Nash who gave me
that fifty-dollar bill. It was Mr. Mar-
land.”

  She was still in Lefty’s arms when
Seth Sherwood stepped out of his of-
fice and blinked curiously at them from
behind his spectacles. But there was

no sign of recognition in his weak eyes
until he had drawn very near. Then
he saw how things were between his
daughter and Lefty Burke, and he
smiled happily. Without saying a
word, he went back to his office. He
no longer feared any immediate expos-
ure of his past. Archibald Ely Nash,
too busy with his own troubles to have
room in his mind for any petty spite,
had failed to betray him, and Luther
Hawley, whatever he might suspect,
had not the least desire to dig back into
the years in an effort to bring ruin to
one of Northboro’s leading citizens.

  For a long time, the old man sat
dreaming at his desk. At last, he
opened his eyes, pulled back the sleeve
of his shirt, and stared wide-eyed at
the scar on his wrist. “The brand of
the fetters!” he whispered to himself.
“I’ll never be free from that. Some
day, they may find me, and they’ll know
me by that mark. It’s my punishment.
With that mark, fear will always be
with me to the end of my life.”

POLICE RAID A COCK FIGHT

T TPON information given to the Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals,
a cock fight was interrupted which was taking place in a hundred-year-old
barn at Goshen, New York, and one hundred and twenty-six men were arrested.

    While the men were gazing intently at two gamecocks which were fighting
to the death, twenty State troopers were gradually closing in on them. Eight
fighters had already met with death while the ninth bout was in progress. Many
of the spectators were in evening dress. Burlap bags were hung before the windows
to keep the light from revealing to outsiders that the barn was occupied.

    The spectators were so absorbed in the two gamecocks, w'hich were locked in
struggle, that they bad no idea they were being surrounded by the law. Even the
lookouts left their posts and crept nearer the scene of activity. Suddenly, there
came a warning cry, and the lights went out. A few escaped, but the majority
were captured and arrested. Practically, all of them gave fictitious names and
tendered ten dollars for bail. They wrere charged with misdemeanor. It was said
that the men came from New York, Pennsylvania, and New Jersey. The man
who rented the barn was held in fifty-dollar bail, and the same fate was meted out
to another who was said to have promoted the fights. *

    According to the law, all fines will go to the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals. Forty-eight gamecocks were confiscated, as well as the pit,
spurs, scales and other equipment, following the raid.
Mr. Clackworthy’s
Return

AFTER A LONG ABSENCE, OUR OLD FRIEND, THE
MASTER CONFIDENCE MAN, IS WITH US AGAIN.

ft

   By Christopher B. Booth

Author of “The Moving Hand,” etc.

mT ten o’clock on a certain
Tuesday morning in Novem-
I yr~3LJ ber, Mr. Amos Clackworthy
111111 was a millionaire. Before
two o’clock of the same afternoon, he
owed money to his brokers. Between
those frantic hours, which so many
thousands of people will remember with
shudders as the first day of the stock-
market crash, Mr. Clackworthy saw his
paper profits melt and vanish, his mar-
gins swept away with such relentless
swiftness that there had been no chance
of salvage.

  Being a philosopher and a good sport,
having the nerve of the gambler who
can lose his last chip without losing his

serenity, the master confidence man ac-
cepted this reversal of his fortunes with-
out lament; while others who had lost
less were tragically contemplating self-
destruction—and some of them making
this surrender to their desperation—Mr.
Clackworthy merely mixed himself a
high ball, lighted one of his excellent
cigars, and reached the immediate deci-
sion that it was time he got back to his
business of trimming “suckers,” having
himself been a sucker to the tune of a
cool million.

  Immediate activity was necessary if
he meant to remain a tenant of this
exclusive Lakeshore Drive apartment,
for the November rent was due and to
30

Detective Story Magazine

pay it would reduce his bank account to
an alarmingly small balance. It was an
exceedingly satisfactory place to live,
with a roof-top terrace and an unob-
structed view of the lake, and he meant
to keep it. But the apartment cost
money, and Mr. Clackworthy's tastes
were expensively in keeping with his
abode. Money must be had, and
quickly, too.

  The door of the luxurious living room
was abruptly flung open and James
Early, the master confidence man’s con-
federate in their many successful adven-
tures, burst in stormily. But it was the
storm of despair. Clutched in his hand
was a crumpled copy of a Chicago after-
noon newspaper, with the news of the
stock-market crash screaming across the
front page; upon his thin, lean, sharp-
featured face was stamped an expres-
sion of dazed anguish which, however,
began to relax as he saw Mr. Clack-
worthy sitting at ease, apparently in a
cheerful and carefree mood.

  “Good afternoon, James,” said Mr.
Clackworthy pleasantly. “You appear
to be a trifle upset over something.”

  James Early, upon whom the police in
days past had bestowed his nickname of
the “Early Bird,” stared searchingly at
the master confidence man for another
moment; a look of something akin to
awe began to spread over his counte-
nance.

  “Boss!” he gasped out. “You—you
got out with a whole skin, huh? This
here Wall Street game didn't make a
sucker outa you after all! Gee, boss,
you sure outsmarted the rest of this
whole cockeyed world. How’dja do it?”

  “I didn’t,” responded Mr. Clack-
worthy. “No, my dear James, I cer-
tainly didn’t.”

  The Early Bird’s expanding smile
began to lose radiance, but, viewing the
other’s calmness, he could not believe
that disaster had been complete. Mr.
Clackworthy, James decided, had been
nicked, but not very badly.

  “You’re lucky at that, boss. Why, I
seen guys down in the Loop that was
stripped right down to their shirts.
Lookit th’ headlines; here’s a bird that
puts a hunk of lead inside the place his
brains was supposed to be. Another one
does a high-divin’ act offn th’ Monmouth
Buildin’. The streets downtown is full
of people talkin’ to theirselves, and the
nut ward at Cook County Hospital is
dustin’ off the old S. R. O. sign, and
gettin’ ready to sleep ’em three in a bed.
I hears a street sweeper sayin’ to th’
blind dame what peddles lead pencils
at .the corner of Clark and Randolph
that his broker had sold him out, and
‘Lady Smoked Glasses’ comes back that
she lost five centuries in Radio. Every-
body was playin’ this crazy market—
everybody. Includin’ you and me, worse
luck.”

  Mr. Clackworthy chuckled, enjoying,
as he always did, the Early Bird’s pic-
turesque outbursts of speech, and the
chuckle further falsely reassured the
Early Bird that his friend and idol had
shrewdly escaped the tidal wave of liqui-
dation.

  “So, James, you’ve been speculating
along with the rest of us?”

  “Yeah, and here’s a laugh; a wise
bozo ini LaSalle Street slips me a hot
tip that Zenith Vacuum Cleaner was
gonna be pushed up to a hundred and
fifty. It vacuum-cleaned me, all right.
I ain’t got a bean left outa th’ wreck,
and that ain’t speakin’ in no figurative
language neither. I’m so flat, boss, that
a pancake would look like Pikes Peak.”
The Early Bird stripped off his nobby
English overcoat and sat down expect-
antly.

  “Aw, loosen up, boss,” he pleaded.
“Gimme a tell. How’dja manage to get
into th’ cyclone cellar before th’ tornado
struck? And why, oh, why, didn'tcha
give me a tip-off? Mebbe I could have
saved a part of my twenty-seven grand.”

  “You don’t seem to believe that I’m
cleaned out, too, James,” said Mr.
Mr. Clackworthy’s Return

31

Clackworthy as he gently tapped an inch
and a half of ash from his cigar.

   “Nix on tryin’ to hand me that stuff,
boss!” he exclaimed disdainfully. “Why,
if you was clean, that would mean
mighty near a million bucks, and no
guy, not even you, can say good-by to
that much dough and look like Merry
Christmas. So quit kiddin’ me and
gimme th’ low-down.”

  Mr. Clackworthy got up from his
chair, produced another glass, and
mixed two drinks.

   “It pleases me to discover that I am
such a game loser,” he said. “The
truth of the matter is, James, that mar-
ket prices dropped so fast this afternoon
there was no chance for any man to save
himself. One stock I was in dropped
thirty points in an hour and a half; the
others were nearly as bad. I’m all in,
down and out, James; I'm in debt to my
brokers and I wouldn’t be able to pay
them what I owe and meet this month’s
rent on the apartment.”

   The Early Bird’s mouth sagged open.
For a moment, he was like a man petri-
fied. It was extremely difficult to fit
Mr. Amos Clackworthy into any picture
of poverty knocking at the door, and yet
he knew now that it must really be true.
Mr. Clackworthy was broke, stony
broke!

  “A million bucks!” cried the Early
Bird in a shaking whisper. “A million
bucks gone—just like this.” And he
puffed to imitate a gust of wind. “B-but,
boss, it—it can’t be—as bad as that.
Down to the last dollar.”

  The master confidence man’s mouth
tightened slightly. “Ah, but it is, James.
I’ve been close to the ragged edge more
than once; but never, never in my life,
have I actually owed money that I
couldn’t pay. It puts me in a prettv bad
hole.”

   A wabbly smile, sickly in its lack of
mirth, spread over the Early Bird’s
face.

   “For a couple of wise guys like you

and me, we’re certainly a fine pair of
suckers. Two nice, woolly Mary’s little
lambs what’s gone and got ourselves
fleeced right down to the bare skin!”
His voice had become bitter.

  “We’ve got a lot of company,” ob-
served Mr. Clackworthy, but the Early
Bird found small consolation in that.
Philosophy isn’t a great deal of com-
fort when apartment rent is due and the
figures of the check-book stubs have
been reduced to three figures.

  “It proves,” said Mr. Clackworthy as
he sat down again and took a sip of his
second high ball, “an old adage of mine:
that the sucker is a sucker for one rea-
son and one reason only—because he’s
trying to get something for nothing.
We’ve demonstrated it many times;
we’ve merely demonstrated it again with
ourselves in the role of victims. We
tried to take some easy money out of
Wall Street. We were greedy, as men
usually are when there’s easy money in
sight. With you, twenty-seven thou-
sand wasn’t enough; with me, a million
wasn’t enough. Both of us wanted
more, and we got it-”

  “We got it,” the Early Bird chimed
in dismally, “in the place where we’re
both gonna be wearin’ patches on our
pants.”

   Mr. Clackworthy finished off his high
ball; perhaps, underneath his magnifi-
cent calm, his nerves needed to be
bucked up. But a better tonic, un-
doubtedly, was the Early Bird’s familiar
note of pessimism. It was like old
times again to hear this prediction of
dire disaster which was to put them on
the street in rags and tatters. The
master confidence man threw back his
head and laughed heartily.

  “Where’s all the comedy?” grunted
James Early sourly.

  "Really, James, I wonder if you do
expect to see me in the bread line?”

  “Whatcha gonna do? Answer me
that!” There was a challenge in the
Early Bird’s voice although, of course,
32

Detective Story Magazine

he didn’t actually expect the master con-
fidence man ever to be reduced to any
such pitiful degree of destitution.

  “Do?” murmured Mr. Clackworthy.
“That, my dismal friend, is a question
easily answered. You and I are going
to dust off the old bag of tricks, and get
back to business. To-day’s stock-mar-
ket debacle impresses me with the cheer-
ing thought of how many thousands of
people there are who are trying to get
something for nothing.”

  A bright sparkle lighted the Early
Bird’s eyes only to dim.

  “There’s plenty of suckers left,” he
muttered, “but try and find one of the
poor saps who’s got any jack.”

  Mr. Cackworthy’s answer to that was
to slide open a drawer of his desk and
bring forth a small, card-index file
which contained the names of various
and sundry persons who, unknown to
themselves, were candidate for election
to membership in the master confidence
man’s own private lodge, the Ancient
Order of Suckers.

  From out of the little magic box,
which Mr. Clackworthy called “the pros-
pect list,” there came the name of a cer-
tain Mr. Alonzo Prindivale. Upon the
card devoted to Mr. Prindivale there
appeared such information as the master
confidence man might find useful in his
particular field of endeavor. By a series
of cryptograms, a great deal was con-
tained in a small space, and Mr. Prindi-
vale would not have felt flattered to have
heard this condensed biography trans-
lated to its full meaning.

  Alonzo Prindivale was a down-State
banker in a town which bore the family
name. It was a small town and none
too prosperous. But Alonzo Prindivale
was prosperous, amazingly so, consider-
ing his limited opportunities. By greedy
dollar grabbing and parsimonious nickel
nursing, he had become a very rich man.
He owned half of Prindivale and had a
mortgage on the rest.

  Three days after the stock-market
crash, having raised a small amount of
working capital by various and sundry
means, Mr. Clackworthy arrived in
Prindivale on the evening train. It was
raining, and this added to the dismal
outlook from the railroad station plat-
form : a block-long procession of shabby
buildings across the tracks, headed by
the only three-story edifice in town, the
Prindivale House. There was no hotel
porter on hand to look after the luggage
of arriving guests. Mr. Clackworthy
picked up his bag and started across the
street which was poorly lighted. His
foot splashed deep into a puddle of
muddy water. The city fathers of the
incorporated town of Prindivale were
evidently not spending tax money for
any such modern nonsense as pave-
ments.

   “I’ll say,” grunted the master confi-
dence man, “that anybody who can
make half a million dollars in a town
like this is good.” - He smiled grimly.
“The greedier they are, the better I like
to take ’em.”

  Like its exterior, the lobby of the
Prindivale House was shabby and un-
pretentious. That’s what lack of com-
petition does to a business sometimes.
A man behind the desk surveyed Mr.
Clackworthy with a listless gaze; the
lines about his face bespoke bitterness
and a state of helpless rebellion. He
spoke no words of cheering welcome,
knowing full well that his guests came
to him because it was the only place to
stop and that they would depart at the
earliest possible moment. Professional
glad-handing would be just so much
energy wasted.

  Mr. Clackworthy signed the register
in his crisp, compact, businesslike hand-
writing.

  “A room with a bath,” he said, and
got a quicker answer than he could have
reasonably expected.

  “Can’t give you no room with bath,

            DS—2C
Mr. Clackworthy’s Return

33

mister. Got just one, and Mrs. Prindi-
vale has got that.”

  “Prindivale ?” murmured Mr. Clack-
worthy. “Do you happen to mean the
wife of Mr. Alonzo Prindivale?”
“Uh-huh!” Even a grunt may con-
tain a quality of voice which gives an
index to a man’s feelings, and the mas-
ter confidence man knew instantly that
the proprietor of the Prindivale House
disliked the lady in question. More im-
portantly, however, Mr. Clackworthy
was immediately concerned as to the
reason why Mrs. Prindivale was living
at the hotel without her husband, or.
for that matter, why she was living in
the' hotel at all. This didn’t look so
good; it offered a discouraging possi-
bility—that Alonzo Prindivale was no
longer to be listed among the living, that
Mrs. Prindivale was a w’idow.

  “And Mr. Prindivale?”

  “Dead,” said the hotel proprietor
briefly, sourly, and thus was Mr. Clack-
worthy informed that he had wasted a
tiresome train journey and twelve dol-
lars in railroad fare—to say nothing of
the unattractive prospect of sleeping in
one of the Prindivale House beds which
he was sure would be uncomfortable.

  “Well, that’s that!” thought Mr.
Clackworthy with the philosophical
resignation with which he characteristi-
cally met such annoying adversities of
circumstance. Aloud he said: “So
Alonzo Prindivale has passed from your
midst. Um! The community must
find it a distinct loss. It will be—ah—
hard to replace such a leading and influ-
ential citizen.”

  The proprietor of the Prindivale
House made a wry grimace. Perhaps
he was unconscious of it.

  “Not so hard as you’d think, mister.
The only difference is that this here
town of ours is bein’ bossed by a skirt
’stead of a pair of pants. I guess, if th’
truth was known, it’s been bossed by the
same skirt all the time. Anyhow, it’s
just the same as it was before—only

 DS-3C

more so.” Again there was that note
of bitterness, but he suddenly stopped
talking as a half-frightened look leaped
into his eyes.

  From out of the dining room of the
hotel strode a woman who, although he
had never seen her before, Mr. Clack-
worthy knew instantly could be none
other than Alonzo Prindivale’s widow.
She was tall, angular, and masculine.
Her stride was that of a man. Her
face was harsh and forbidding; her eyes
were as cold as those of a dead fish, and
her dominant jaw jutted out beneath a
thin-slitted, tightly clamped mouth.

  The proprietor of the Prindivale
House smirked and bobbed his head.

  “I hope you enjoyed your dinner,
Mrs. Prindivale.”

  “The soup was cold, the beef was
tough, and the coffee vile,” answered
Mrs. Prindivale acridly, and with that
she strode her masterful way across the
lobby and vanished through a door
which led -to the stairs.

  “What a pleasant person she is to
have around!” murmured Mr. Clack-
worthy.

  “Nothing ever suits her,” mourned
the hotel proprietor. “She ain’t happy
unless she’s snapping at somebody. If
the soup is served hot, she reads a paper
until it gets cold, just so she’ll have
something to kick about. I buy a special
brand of coffee, sixty cents the pound,
and have it made special, but she always
complains about the coffee, too. She
complains that seventy-five dollars a
month is too much for a room with a
bath and three meals a day. And then
she complains because I don’t meet my
notes at the bank right on the scratch.”

  “In other words,” sympathetically ob-
served Mr. Clackworthy, “Alonzo's
spirit goes marching on."

  “Thunder!” burst out the hotel pro
prietor, unable to resist the temptation
of unburdening himself with a freedom
with which he would not have dared to
do to any one but a stranger. “Alonzo's
34

Detective Story Magazine

spirit, my eye! Everybody in this town
thought it was Alonzo, but it was her
all the time that made him so mean and
hard with folks. Oh, it’s easy enough
to see that now.” He drew a deep
breath, leaned confidentially closer, be-
traying the fact that his tongue was
being loosened by several drinks of
strong liquor. “I’ll lay a little bet,
mister, that Alonzo Prindivale is dog-
gone good and glad that he’s dead.”

  Mr. Clack worthy encouraged further
confidences regarding the Amazonian
Mrs. Prindivale. He gathered that the
woman's residence at the hotel was but
temporary. Her home had burned down
and another was being built. She not
only owned the controlling stock of the
Prindivale State Bank, but had elected
herself to the presidency of the institu-
tion. She had stepped into her husband’s
shoes, and they fitted her so perfectly
that every one realized that they must
have been her shoes all the time. She
drove the same hard bargains that
Alonzo had driven—only harder. Her
usurious rates of interest, disguised as
bonus charges, were higher than even
Alonzo’s had been. She could foreclose
a mortgage with a ruthlessness that
would have made even Alonzo gasp.

  All of this information, Mr. Clack-
worthv carried with him into the dining
room along with his food, which was
really quite excellent. Over his coffee,
the master confidence man came to a
decision which completely overturned his
private code of ethics. Never in his life
had he cheated a woman; he found that
he was able to do it now without a
single twinge of conscience.

  It was a sartorially subdued James
Early who disembarked at Prindivale
from the morning train and surveyed the
local scene with an expression of deepest
disgust upon his thin, sharp-featured
face. The more he saw of the town,
the less he liked it; he couldn’t recall
that he had ever disliked any place as

he did this one. There flashed through
his mind the thought that possibly he
had got off at the wrong station, and
heartily wished this were true, but the
shabby sign over the shaibby railtoad
station confirmed that this was Prindi-
vale. Across the street was further
proof: the “Prindivale House.”

  “Mebbe the Wall Street clean-out has
made the boss cuckoo,” muttered the
Early Bird. “If there’s easy dough in
this burg, then there’s orange groves in
Alaska, and there ain’t never no sunshine
in Los Angeles. For two-bits I’d grab
the next rattler back to Chi.” Never-
theless, he picked up his cheap suit case
and made his way toward the hotel.

  Missing was the Early Bird’s snappy
English topcoat; absent was the raiment
of dapper elegance which so delighted
his vanity. His clothes gave him a bu-
colic air, the ridiculous hat, a size too
small for his head, made him look like
a simple-minded “hick,” precisely the
effect that was desired.

  Half an hour later, James Early was
entertaining further misgivings, inspired
by his first glimpse of Mrs. Prindivale.
The woman president of the Prindivale
State Bank was sitting at her desk be-
hind a railing, having it out with a bor-
rower who couldn’t meet his promise to
pay. The Early Bird caught an occa-
sional word of supplication. “Hard luck
all winter; two horses died; lightning
struck the barn and set fire to it; Ro-
sie’s appendix-”

  The despairing tragedy of the poor
fellow’s face alone was enough to melt
a heart of granite, but not a muscle of
Mrs. Prindivale’s harsh face relaxed,
and her dead-fish eyes had the chill of
death in them. What did she care for
the misfortunes of other people other
than that it usually meant a heavy profit ?
Another farm to be foreclosed and
bought in for half its value.

  The man stopped pleading, realizing
how useless it was. His hands clenched.
“Curse you!” Then he remembered
Mr. Clackworthy’s Return

35

that he was talking to, a woman. He
stumbled to his feet, fumbling with his
hat with twitching fingers. They were
gnarled hands that had worked hard to
feed his brood of young. He was
breathing heavily, his mouth sagging
open; his staring eyes saw only the
void of black despair.

  The Early Bird witnessed this heart-
rending drama, suddenly stirred with
the fervor of a crusader.

  “Believe me. old girl,” he said between
his teeth, “you got a trimmin’ cornin’ to
you, and I’m gonna do my best to see
you get one.”

  A moment later, the Early Bird was
facing the lady ogre, playing the part of
a perfect “sap.” He sat on the extreme
edge of a chair at the end of Mrs.
Prindivale’s desk, looking for all the
world like a flustered yokel overawed by
a greatly superior person.

  “Y’see ma'am,” James improvised
haltingly, “I come into a tidy piece of
money. My aunt, Mathilda, she died
and left me some of them Liberty
Bonds, but, shucks, four per cent ain’t
nothin’ to earn on money considerin’ the
profit what’s to be got outta th’ chicken
business.”

  “So?” said Mrs. Prindivale. “The
chicken business?” How well did she
know the kind of fool who, with a lead
pencil and a few sheets of paper, got
rich in the chicken business. It’s the
fastest way in the world for a poor man
to get rich—on paper. But she did not
tell this simple-looking stranger that he
was a fool. She waited to see where it
would lead to.

  “Yes’m,” the Early Bird went on
eagerly. “There’s a sight of money to
be made outa chickens. I got it all fig-
ured out, and there ain’t no way to lose.
Why, ma’am, with eggs sellin’ up to
seventy and eighty cents a dozen, it’s
a purty onery kind of a hen that won’t
make a clean profit of ten dollars a year.
Now multiply that by a thousand layin’ v
hens-”

  “Do you want to borrow money?”
broke in Mrs. Prindivale bluntly.

  “I got money without havin’ to bor-
row it, ma’am. Y’see I was just lookin’
fer a mite of advice about buyin’ a farm
to raise chickens on. I thought mebbe
you knowed of some place that could be
got reasonable.”

  Mrs. Prindivale perceptibly thawed.
A smile appeared upon a face that na-
ture had not fashioned for smiling.

  “Oh, yes, I see, Mr.—Mr.-”

  “Early’s my name, ma’am.”

  “Well, Mr. Early, the bank is not in
the real-estate business, but upstairs is
the realty office of a man I can person-
ally recommend. Mr. Kitt undoubtedly
has some bargains in farms, and he’ll
treat you right. Go up and see Mr.
Kitt. You may place full dependence
in any representation that Mr. Kitt
makes to you. If you want any more
advice, I’ll be glad to help you.”

  The Early Bird got to his feet, thank-
ing Mrs. Prindivale profusely. Hardly
had he got through the railing gate than
the female bank president was reaching
for a private telephone which connected
directly with the real-estate office of Mr.
Kitt upstairs.

  “Listen, Kitt,” she said in her hard,
metallic voice, “a man named Early is
on the way up. Wants to buy a farm
and raise chickens. Looks like a good
chance to unload the Tuccio place.
What was the figure we bought it for ?”
“Fifteen hundred.” answered Kitt.
“Something tells me that this man
Early can l>e induced to pay five thou-
sand.”

  Mr. Kitt gasped over the wire. Had
he not been in such mortal fear of Mrs.
Prindivale, he’d have told her that she
was crazy to expect a price of seventy-
dollars an acre for the rocky, worn-out
Tuccio farm. He himself hadn’t as yet
seen what a simple-looking sap he had
to deal with.

  “I’ll try,” promised Mr. Kitt.

  “Start at six!” commanded Mrs.
36

Detective Story Magazine

Prindivale who believed that a fool and
his money were soon parted—and the
sooner the better.

  It would have been a mistake for Mr.
Clackworthy to act too quickly, so,
anxious as he was to recoup his finances,
he quietly remained in Chicago and fre-
quently smiled over the mental picture
of the Early Bird in the role of chicken
farmer, surrounded by cackling hens
and crowing roosters. And the Early
Bird, going right ahead with the build-
ing of poultry houses just as though he
meant to stay in the chicken business all
his life, with equal frequency thought of
Mr. Clackworthy arising each morning
amid the supercomforts of the Lake-
shore Drive apartment. But James’ re-
sentment was not so great as might be
imagined, for he had another picture—
that of Mrs. Prindivale putting the
screws on the poor devil who couldn’t
meet his mortgage.

  A week and some odd days after the
Early Bird had purchased the Tuccio
farm for three times what it was worth,
the master confidence man returned to
Prindivale. Towns of this size are al-
ways curious about strangers, especially
those who keep their affairs strictly to
themselves. Mr. Clackworthy looked
important; even in Chicago people would
turn and stare after him as he walked
along the street.

  Mr. Clackworthy made himself a man
of mystery. Each morning, after break-
fasting at the Prindivale House, he
would go down the street to Bud Sea-
brooke’s auto livery and have himself
driven out into the country. He would
take along an empty canvas bag, always
empty when he started and full when
he returned. He never explained what
it contained and Bud Seabrooke, extra-
ordinarily adept at prying information
out of people, went nearly crazy trying
to figure it out. All he knew was that
the mysterious stranger would suddenly
order the car stopped with a curt “Wait
here,” and go striding across some farm-

er’s field with his empty canvas bag,
Mr. Clackworthy might be gone an
hour; he might be gone four hours.
Always, when he returned, the canvas
bag dragged heavily at his arm.

  “If he didn’t look so sane and sensi-
ble,” was all Bud could offer, “I’d say
the guy was a nut.”

  “Mayhe it’s oil,” suggested Elmer
Robinson who worked in the Prindivale
printing office. One guess seemed to be
about as good as another.

  Every few days, the mysterious stran-
ger would ship a box of something to
Chicago. What the boxes contained, .no
one knew. Mail arrived for Mr. Clack-
worthy, a letter a day in a long, heavily
sealed envelope. But the address on the
flap was annoyingly cryptic, merely
“Suite 1241, Chemical Building, Chi-
cago.”

  Eventually, Mrs. Prindivale herself
began to share in the local curiosity, and,
one evening at the hotel, she engaged
Mr. Clackworthy in conversation. She
found him a pleasant gentleman, willing
to talk about anything save his own af-
fairs.

  While speculation was at a fever heat,
Mr. Clackworthy received a telegram.
Apparently, it was urgent for he packed
his bags in haste and departed on the
evening Chicago-bound train. He didn’t
say when he would return, if at all. And
the town of Prindivale decided he never
would, for almost a week passed and he
hadn’t come back. Apparently, the mys-
tery would remain forever unsolved.

  But,'of course, Mr. Clackworthy did
return. Another trip into the country,
this time in the vicinity of the Tuccio
farm, a neighborhood which he had
already visited more than once. And
that evening he called upon Mr. Kitt,
the real-estate dealer whom Mrs. Prin-
divale dominated.

  Mr. Kitt was a smallish man with a
sharp mind and a weak chin. He had
shrewdness but no courage, the sort who
can never be anything other than an
Mr. Clackworthy’s Return

37

Understrapper. Overawed by Mr.
Clackwort'hy’s magnificent presence,
palpitating with an eager but timid curi-
osity, he waited to see what had brought
the impressive and mysterious stranger
to his shabby realty office.

  “Mr. Kitt,” the master confidence man
began briskly, “I want to begin by say-
ing that' I know how closely you are
associated with Mrs. Prindivale.”

  Mr. Kitt raised his hand to his throat
and toyed with his protuberant Adam’s
apple.

 “Why, I—er—that is-” Direct-
ness of speech was not his way.

  “I am fully aware,” went on Mr.
Clackworthy, “just what that association
is, and you’re mighty poorly paid for
what you do. I am here to offer you a
chance to make a thousand dollars as
my agent. Did you ever get a thousand
dollars in any deal in which you repre-
sented Mrs. Prindivale? The answer.
Mr. Kitt, is no.”

  Mr. Kitt licked his lips avidly.

  “I want to buy a piece of property
that belongs to Mrs. Prindivale,” pur-
sued the master confidence man. “It’s
an eighty acre farm legally de-
scribed as the southwest half of the
northeast quarter of Section 41, Range
15, East. I want to buy it without Mrs.
Prindivale knowing I’m buying it.”

  Mr. Kitt took down the county atlas
and turned the pages to Range 15, East.
His eyes sought the description Mr.
Clackworthy had given him. His mouth
sagged open.

  “Why, that,” he gasped, “that’s the

farm-” But the next instant, his

teeth had clicked together like the snap
of a steel trap, and the master confidence
man pretended not to notice.

  “Mrs. Prindivale’s money bought it
in at a foreclosure sale three years ago,
for fifteen hundred dollars. The title
stands in the name of Oscar Biddle who,
I know as well as you do, is only a
dummy for Mrs. Prindivale’s transac-
tions.”

  Mr. Kitt thought it wise to withhold
the information that the Tuccio farm
had passed from Mrs. Prindivale’s con-
trol. He meant to find out, if possible,
what the prosperous-looking stranger
wanted with a worn-out farm. Why
had the local man of mystery picked out
the Tuccio farm after weeks of roam-
ing through the country? There must
be money in it—big money, perhaps, for
Mr. Clackworthy, one instinctively felt,
wouldn’t be interested in any other kind
of money.

  “You wasn’t mebbe thinkin’ of farm-
in’ the Tuccio place?” said Mr. Kitt.

“I wouldn’t hardly have took you for a
—er—an agriculturist.”

  “Never mind about that,” retorted the
master confidence man. “I want to buy
that eighty acres. Its salable value is
something like twenty-five hundred.
Mrs. Prindivale ought to be satisfied
with that, but probably won’t be. I’m
willing to give five thousand. You get
it at five thousand for me and the dif-
ference is yours.”

  Mr. Kitt had difficulty in controlling
the muscles of his face. True, a simple-
minded sap by the name of Early had -
paid fifty-five hundred for the Tuccio
place, but Mr. Clackworthy was not, by
any possible stretch of the imagination,
simple-minded. If this canny man of
the world was willing to pay five thou-
sand, it was worth more—undoubtedly,
a good deal more. Why, why? That
question shouted through Mr. Kitt’s
rather bewildered mind and without
any answer.

  “I reckon, sir,” he said when he could
trust himself to speak calmly, “you got
land values held too cheap. Mrs. Prin-
divale—that is Mr. Biddle—has refused
six thousand for that farm.”

  Mr. Clackworthy’s eyes narrowed ac-
cusingly. “Are you trying to kid me.
Mr. Kitt? Mrs. Prindivale refused six
thousand dollars for it? Don’t make me
laugh!”

  “Fact.” declared the real-estate dealer.
38

Detective Story Magazine

“Land values seem to be kind of boomin’
around here lately.”

  ‘‘Then I’m not interested," the master
confidence man said curtly and moved
toward the door. When Mr. Kitt did
not call him back, he paused, retracing
his steps. He looked angry.

  “Same old game they always play in
these hick towns. Let a stranger want
to buy something, and up goes the price.
But I guess I can do business cheaper
through you at that. Get the Tuccio
farm for me at six thousand, and there’s
a thousand dollars in it for you.”

  Mr. Kitt drummed the tips of his fin-
gers together. Here was a situation
which required the use of his wits. He
had to have time to think.

  “I’ll see what I can do,” he said. “I’ll
let you know about it some time to-
morrow.”

  When Mr. Clackworthy had departed,
Mr. Kitt leaped to his feet and began
pacing the floor. Here, he felt, was his
chance to make a killing. But there were
obstacles. To begin with, the Tuccio
farm had passed out of Mrs. Prindi-
vale’s hands. James Early had paid
fifty-five hundred dollars for the eighty
acres; he had spent some money on
poultry houses and chickens. There-
fore, it wasn’t likely that Early would
sell for six. And there was Mrs. Prin-
divale to be considered. Her wrath
would be a terrible thing if she discov-
ered that he, Mr. Kitt, had been trying
to make some money on his own “hook.”
Even at the thought of it, he had a faint
feeling.

  “It’s no use,” the real-estate dealer
muttered. “There ain’t nothin’ I can
do on my own. I gotta turn this propo-
sition over to Mrs. Prindivale.”

  A few minutes later, Mr. Kitt was
downstairs in the bank, conferring with
Mrs. Prindivale.

  “Nearest I can figger out,” he was
saying, “this here Early yap ain’t had
his deed recorded yet. That’s why Mr.
Clackworthy thinks title’s still in Oscar

Biddle’s name, and he knows that Oscar
Biddle is really you. He’s crazy to get
hold of that no-good farm, and I’m half
crazy myself tryin’ to figger out why.
What could he want it for?”

  “Shut up!” rasped Mrs. Prindivale.
“I’m trying to think.”

 Peremptorily summoned to Mrs.
Prindivale’s room, Luther Witherspoon,
the proprietor of the Prindivale House,
wondered uneasily what it would be this
time. Without much doubt, it was go-
ing to be unpleasant, whatever it was.
He rapped respectfully at the door of
his .star guest.

  “Come in!” Mrs. Prindivale’s voice
sounded even more forbidding than
usual. She fixed Mr. Witherspoon with
her dead-fish eyes, and poor Luther
shuffled his feet uncomfortably. For a
moment, there was silence.

  “Luther!”

  “Yes, Mrs. Prindivale.”

  “You’ve got a seven-hundred dollar
note due at the bank next Monday morn-
ing. Can you pay it?”

  A sickly pallor began spreading over
the hotel proprietor’s face.

  “Why—why, I guess you know I can’t
meet that note,” he stammered. “You
—you’ve been lettin’ me pay a little
something on it when I could.”

  Having made it clear to Luther With-
erspoon that she could put him out of
business any time she chose and hinting
that such an eventuality was by no
means impossible, Mrs. Prindivale
abruptly switched to another subject.
There was no apparent relevancy be-
tween the two but, of course. Luther
would not miss the point.

  "Luther!”

  “Yes, Mrs. Prindivale.”

  “This man Clackworthy—what do you
know about him?”

  “No more than anybody else, ma’am,
and which is next to nothing.”

  “I’d like to know what that man is
up to, Luther.”
Mr. Clackworthy’s Return

39

  “So would everybody else in this
town, ma’am.”

  “I’m suspicious of the man, Luther.
Honest men don’t hide their business
like he does. Who is he? What is he?”
The proprietor of the Prindivale
House could only reply with a baffled
gesture.

  “He may be a crook, Luther. Maybe
he’s planning to rob the bank. I think
we should know something about him.”
Again she impaled Luther with her icy
gaze. “There is one way we can. It’s
our duty to do it, Luther.”

  “Do what, ma’am?”

  “This Mr. Clackworthy is downstairs
having his dinner. You’ve got a pass-
key to his room. I want you to get me
whatever papers he’s got and bring them
here to me—at once. Don’t stand there
gaping at me like that, you dolt. We’re
not going to steal anything.”

  “Bjbut,” stammered Luther Wither-
spoon, “s-suppose he walked in and
caught me goin’ through his things?
Why—why he could have me arrested;

he might-”

  “What I’m particularly interested in
seeing,” broke in Mrs. Prindivale, “is
the contents of those important-looking
envelopes that have been coming to him
in the mail from Chicago.” Her heavy,
bulging chin thrust itself forward. “Are
you going to refuse this simple request,
Luther?” she demanded ominously.

  Luther Witherspoon gulped. He was
on the brink of dilemma; if he refused
to rifle Mr. Clackworthy’s luggage, she
would refuse to give him another exten-
sion on his note. It meant he would
lose the hotel.

  “I’ll do it,” he capitulated with a
grimace of distaste, wondering what
Mrs. Prindivale’s real motive was. The
elegant, solid, substantial Mr. Clack-
worthy a bank robber? She didn’t
think that any more than she thought
five per cent a satisfactory rate of inter-
est.

  It wasn’t, after all, so difficult as

Luther Witherspoon had anticipated.
Mr. Clackworthy hadn’t taken the pre-
caution of locking his bags. Resting
conveniently within the top of the suit
case was a portfolio neatly arranged
with important-looking papers.

  A few minutes later, Mrs. Prindi-
vale was discovering why Mr. Clack-
worthy was trying to buy the practically
worthless Tuccio farm. This informa-
tion, contained in a letter on the letter-
head of the International Chemical Co.,
made Mrs. Prindivale gasp for breath
and sent her pulse up to one hundred
and twenty. Anybody with a fair knowl-
edge of things knew that the Interna-
tional Chemical Co. was a fifty-million-
dollar concern, and what the excited
lady didn’t know, or rather what she
didn’t suspect, was that anybody with
a printing press could print any kind
of a letterhead he chose.

  One paragraph in that letter contained
the gist of the whole mysterious busi-
ness. .

  Radium is where you find it. None of us
can quite recover from our surprise to find
it so close and in such unprecedented quan-
tities, but the laboratory reports speak for
themselves. The rock samples labeled No.
219-B make it clear that you have discovered
the richest radium deposit in the history of
the chemical industry. I am recommending
to the board of directors that they vote you
a bonus of one hundred thousand dollars.

  Fantastic? We are living in a fan-
tastic age,^an era of almost incredulous
miracles. A man with a bicycle shop
becomes the richest man in the world.
Three brothers capture the motion-pic-
ture business of the world with a pho-
nograph disk and a radio loud-speaker.
Science is the magician which makes im-
possible things come true. Radium in
the rocks of a worthless hillside farm?
Not so fantastic, perhaps, after all, con-
sidering all of the other amazing things
that are happening!

  Mrs. Prindivale’s hands were trem-
bling as she gave the filched portfolio
40

Detective Story Magazine

back to Luther Witherspoon. She was
hardly aware that she did.

  “Radium!” she whispered. “Radium!
And I sold the Tuccio farm for fifty-
five hundred dollars. A hundred thou-
sand dollars—just as a bonus.” That
meant millions—millions! She tried to
remember what radium sold for an
ounce; as near as she could recall, it
was something like fifty thousand dol-
lars.

  In a trance, the woman got to her
feet. There was no time to be lost. Any
moment Mr. Clackworthy might dis-
cover that she no longer owned the Tuc-
cio farm, and then it would be too late.
She had to buy the Tuccio place back.
No matter if she did have to give the
poor fool who thought there was a for-
tune in raising chickens a profit of two
or three thousand, she had to buy it
back.

  Having returned to Chicago some
hours ahead of the Early Bird, Mr.
Amos Clackworthy was mixing himself
a high ball when he heard the door of
his Lakeshore Drive apartment open.
The Early Bird stood in the doorway,
flapping his arms and crowing like a
rooster. He danced a jig, dug his hands
into his pockets and, with a grand ges-
ture, flung a fat packet of yellow bills
on the table, then another, and then a
third.

  “There’s the stuff, boss. Thirty
grand—thirty thousand smackers! Who
says there ain’t no money in the chicken
business. I wasn’t called the Early
Bird for nothin’ huh? Never has it
been such a pleasure to take money from
anybody. Oh, boy, wouldn’t I give
somethin’ to see that female Shylock’s
face when she gets tired of waitin’ for
you to come back and buy the Tuccio
farm for two or three million and phones
the International Chemical Co. and is
told they hadn’t never heard of Mr.
Clackworthy and that there’s about as
much radium in her rocks as there is

in an old shoe. Oh, ain’t she gonna be
one mad lady when she finds out we put
the bee on her! Yeah, and how! I
gotta hunch, boss, we better slide outa
th’ country for a while.”

  The master confidence man shook his
head.

  “You mean that Mrs. Prindivale may
have us prosecuted? No, my dear
James, I anticipate nothing like that.
Not even for thirty thousand dollars
would she let that hick town know that
she’s been a sucker. But tell me, James,
wasn’t she rather bowled over when you
screwed up the figure to thirty thou-
sand? I didn’t really expect you to get
more than half of that. Thinking you
such a boob, I wonder that didn’t make
her suspicious.”

  “Aw, that was dead easy, boss. I
kind of give her the idea that Mr. Kitt
had wised me up a little.”

  “Ah!” murmured Mr. Clackworthy.
“That’s genius, James.”

  “Sure, boss, I let her think that Kitt
was tryin’ to double cross her. And
then I let her think she was real good
by gettin’ Mne down to thirty-five thou-
sand.”

  “Thirty-five is it now, James? I
thought you said thirty.”

  “I left five grand back there in Prin-
divale, boss. Y’see, there was a guy
that Mrs. Prindivale had put th’ screws
on. He’d had a lot of bad luck—two
of his horses died, and his barn got
struck by lightnin’ and burned down,
and he had a couple of sick kids. She
was foreclosin’ on' him, y’understand,
and I kind of got soft about the poor
guy. Anyhow, boss, I slipped him three
grand he owed Missus Prindivale, and
got his kid sent to a hospital, and did a
few other little things for ’im. You
ain’t sore, are you, boss?”

Mr. Clackworthy laughed merrily.
“So long as you did this act of charity
with Mrs. Prindivale’s money, I’m not.
One thing I’ve always liked about you,
James, is that you’re so human.”
Satan’s Wood

THERE WAS MYSTERY IN EVERY NOOK AND
CORNER OF THE PLACE.

By Ernest M. Poate

Author of “Let Me Confess!” etc.

CHAPTER I.

A SHORT VACATION.

0^™"^NCE, years ago, Doctor Aloy-
sius Moran and I went hunt-
ing together in the Carolinas.

We both enjoyed that trip,
for we found that our ideas of sport
coincided beautifully. To go hunting
meant, for the chief medical examiner
of New York City—as for my humble
self—to go away out into the country,
to wear rough clothes all day, to forget
dignity and work, and spend the time
eating, sleeping and talking, and occa-
sionally, perhaps, to wander oft' into the
woods, shotgun in hand, and loaf
gorgeously under the trees. Squirrels
would scold at us; rabbits would hop
about fearlessly; the bobwhite quail
would whistle in our ears. But the

 wild life of the Carolinas was safe from
 us two; we preferred to sit, smoke, and
 talk largely about a dream world in
 which all patients should be rich and
 grateful, and all murderers crafty and
 vicious, in which I might work miracu-
 lous cures, and Doctor Aloysius Moran
 might endlessly solve intricate criminal
 mysteries, never failing, and never
 forced to waste his powers upon mere,
 obvious gunmen’s battles.

   We had found that trip delightful,
 and ever since we had. at odd moments,
 planned another like it. But something
 always intervened. When I found my-
 self comparatively free, Doctor Moran
 would be submerged in some—to him—
 delightful murder, for he w>as a con-
 scientious medical examiner, who re-
 fused to content himself with a mere
 autopsy and a formal report of the
42

Detective Story Magazine

causes of death, but spent his energies
lavishly in search for the real criminal
—usually to the satisfaction, if occa-
sionally to the chagrin, of the police de-
partment heads. And when the city
was law-abiding, and its citizens re-
frained from abolishing each other, so
that the doctor became restless and
irritable, and complained of the dull-
ness of his job, even to the oft-threat-
ened verge of inciting some likely per-
son to murder, it would happen that I
had a patient, or several patients, in
critical condition, whom I could not
leave. For, like every other virtuous
practitioner, I was convinced that my
patients had employed the best possible
doctor for what ailed them; and if I
intrusted their care to another, no mat-
ter how competent, they might well suf-
fer for it.

  And so, in spite of many false starts,
and much desultory planning. Doctor
Moran and I—Doctor John Pelton, at
your service—never did get away to-
gether until last October.

  On the fifteenth of that month, just
at the end of my morning office hour, as
I bowed out the last patient, I heard a
tremendous, chattering roar from up
the street. It grew swiftly louder, be-
came deafening; and a huge, red auto-
mobile swept around the corner on two
wheels, implacable as the car of Jagan-
nath. It slowed down with a horrid
screeching of brakes, and came to a
bucking, skidding halt in front of my
house. From it emerged a huge head,
topped by a high, flat-crowned derby
hat; then a great, square, red face; then
a pair of thick shoulders. Doctor Aloy-
sius Moran had come calling, in his
usual impetuous fashion.

  He bounced out of the big red car—a
man of sixty-odd, somewhat under mid-
dle height, but with a body as long and
wide and thick as a barrel. His shoul-
ders were abnormally wide, and per-
fectly square, and his huge head was set
upon them without the interposition of

any visible neck, so that it looked rather
like a pumpkin set on top of a big dry-
goods box. His arms were very long
and thick, like a gorilla’s, and his legs
were short, and thick also, and much
bowed out at the knees. He wore a
suit of shepherd’s plaid that fairly
screamed, it was so loud, and seemed
absurdly out of place with his minis-
terial-looking hat.

  Such was Doctor Aloysius Moran,
chief medical examiner—a striking fig-
ure, almost grotesque, but redeemed
from absurdity by a certain forceful-
ness hard to describe. He was ridicu-
lous, at first glance, as he rushed up
the steps of my house, swaying on his
short, thick, bandy legs, but one look
into his tawny-yellow eyes would have
told the most unobserving person that
here was a man of importance.

  “Hi, Johnny Pelton!” greeted the
doctor, in a deep, bass shout. “Come on
inside! Want to talk to you.”

  He removed his flat-topped derby
hat, and wiped a forehead very high
and wide and bumpy, and swept back
the mane of tawny hair that fell across
it. His eyebrows were a continuous,
inch-wide band of fulvous yellow,
sweeping across his face from temple to
temple. Beneath it, yellow eyes, like a
lion’s, snapped and sparkled. He was
clean shaven; his nose was short and
snubbed, his mouth very wide, his chin
as wide and as long as his forehead, and
he was obviously in a state of vast ex-
citement—not unusual with Doctor
Moran.

  “Come inside, man,” he repeated, his
voice rumbling deep in his throat.
“Come on in! Got something to tell
you.”

  I did not move quickly enough to suit
him, and his great, square face turned
purple. His yellow eyes blazed. Up
came a thick, stumpy forefinger; he
shook it beneath my nose. “Confound
it, come in!” he rumbled.

  Abruptly, his sub-bass tones broke,
Satan’s Wood

43

and leaped two octaves to a shrill, fal-
setto squawk. “Confound, curse, blast
and darn it all, Johnny Pelton!” he
cried. “Move, can’t you? Get inside,

I say!”

  The angry color faded; the doctor’s
wide face broke into the most amiable
of smiles. He took his finger from be-
neath my nose, examined it curiously,
and thrust his hand into his pocket.
“Let’s go into your office, dear friend,”
he invited, his voice back to its normal
sub-cellar bass. “There’s no use get-
ting all excited and upset, and telling
the neighbors your business. But you
always were an incontinent man!”
Grinning widely, at his own inconsis-
tency, perhaps, Doctor Aloysius Moran
waddled past me on his short, thick legs,
and went into my office. I followed, to
find him settled in my most comfortable
chair, fumbling at a pocket.

  “Look here, Johnny Pelton,” he rum-
bled. “Let me show you! Now where
in blazes did I put that thing? Here it
is. What do you think of that, young-
fellow-my-lad, eh ?”

  He produced a small, neatly printed
pamphlet, and slapped it down on my
desk. I glanced at it. “Hotel Aradia,
in the Heart of the Catskills.”

   “Why,” said I, “I’ve got one of those
myself. It came in the morning’s mail.
Yes, and I got another, several months
ago; back in the spring, it was.”

  Doctor Moran snorted. “So did I.
What of it? What of it, I say, blast
and incinerate it all! This is now, not
last spring. Listen!”

  He tapped the desk top with a thick,
blunt finger, his great, red face wreathed
in smiles. He was as blissfully excited
as a small boy planning to go fishing.

  “Listen, Johnny Pelton! I’m tired.
I’m bored. Things are dull—beastly
dull! Not a respectable murder in
months. Everybody honest, and loving
his neighbor, instead of his neighbor’s
wife. It’s no city for an industrious
necrologist, Johnny. In short, I’m sick

  of doing nothing here in the medical
examiner’s office, so let us go away
somewhere into the woods, and do noth-
ing there. How about it ? Let’s take a
vacation, Johnny Pelton. What say,
eh?”

  I deliberated. “Why, we’ve talked it
over so often, and something’s always
turned up to prevent. But things are
pretty slow with me, too, just now.
Yes, I believe I can make it.”

  Doctor Moran jumped up. “Let’s
go!” he mumbled, his wide mouth all
agrin. “Come along!” And he started
toward the door as though about to start
his trip this instant.

  “Hold on!” I called after him.
“There are a few little things to de-
cide, first, such as finding a substitute to
take care of what little practice I’ve got
left, and borrowing some money from
the bank for expenses, and all this and
that. And another thing, too: Where
shall we go?”

  He stared at me in apparent surprise,
his tawny eyes sparkling. “Where?
Where?” he cried. “What have I been
talking about, all this while? Why, to
this Aradia place, naturally. Haven’t
you read the prospectus, darn it?
‘Good, plain food; quiet, homelike sur-
roundings ; hunting and fishing close
by.’ What more would you ask, eh?’

  I glanced the pamphlet over. “It
reads well,” I conceded. “But what do
we know about this place, anyhow ?”

  “What do we need to know? What
more, I mean? Why, I’ve been getting
an announcement from this place twice a
year for two years, now; spring and fall.
That shows it’s an established hotel,
doesn’t it ? Been running two years, at
least. Besides,” argued Doctor Moran
pugnaciously, “what do we need to be
so gosh-darned careful for, anyhow?
Aren’t wre old enough, and tough
enough, and ugly enough, to take care
of ourselves? It isn’t as though Alice
Macy were loose,” he finished, with a
sudden change of tone.
44

Detective Story Magazine

  I shivered involuntarily. That name
was enough, at any time, to send a thrill
)f fear up my spine.' For Alice Macy
—or Alicia Tavannes, as she had called
herself when we first knew her—had
sworn a dreadful vengeance upon Doc-
tor Moran and upon me. And she was
quite capable of carrying out the most
horrid threats, since, to our knowledge,
she had poisoned a small boy, and all
but murdered a woman in a peculiarly
horrible fashion, by applying leeches to
her veins while she lay unconscious.

  “No,” I agreed slowly. “She’s not
loose, thank Heaven!”

  The medical examiner grinned cheer-
fully, and rubbed thick hands together.
“She’ll never trouble us again.”

  “Don’t be too sure,” I warned him.
“Prisoners hav^ escaped before now;
and that woman is as clever as a fiend—
if she isn’t one in fact.”

  “There’s a prison from which nobody
escapes, though, and the fair Alice has
been committed to it.”

  I stared at him. “You mean-”

  “Exactly. I mean she’s dead, and
thank goodness for it. I got to won-
dering about her, not long ago, and I
wrote the women’s prison to inquire.
They told me she died there, quite sud-
denly, about two years ago.”

  I pondered that a moment. “I’m
mighty glad of it,” I decided. “If it’s
true.”

  “True? True?” Doctor Aloysius
Moran glared at me, his great, square
face purpling. His voice leaped two
octaves to an enraged squeal. “True?
Of course, it’s true, blast it! Think
they’d lie to me?”

  He shook a thick forefinger beneath
my nose, then suddenly withdrew it and
looked it all over, as though he thought

I	might have bitten it off. “You
oughtn’t to be so skeptical, Johnny Pel-
ton,” he mumbled very mildly. “Be-
cause it makes me nervous. Because I
felt just about like that, myself.”

  The doctor paused, his tawny eyes

   absent, a curious expression on his face.
His fulvous eyebrows twitched.

  “I’m not superstitious in a general
way,” he-went on reflectively. “But
there was something not quite human
about that creature. She was really
beautiful, you remember? Perfect fea-
tures, and a voice like—like the ringing
of thin glass. And those green eyes of
hers, deep as the sea. But, Johnny, my
lad, did you ever see her without
shrinking? Didn’t she make you shud-
der inside? Wasn’t she like a beautiful,
poisonous snake?”

  “Worse than that.”

  “Worse, indeed! As I say, I’m not
ordinarily superstitious, but, if there
are witches, Johnny, she was a witch.”
And to that I agreed. “Or a vam-
pire,” I added, shuddering again at the
memory of Alice Macy, her white teeth
gleaming from between parted, scarlet
lips, as she stooped over the exsan-
guinated form of poor Mrs. Burbage.

  “Well, witch or vampire, she was a
demon—if there are demons. And I’m
glad she’s dead, Johnny Pelton. I sleep
better of nights for knowing it.”

  What moved me to it, I cannot guess,
even to this day, but my lips parted
then, and I spoke. It was as though
another voice used my tongue for its
own purposes.

  “Evil never dies,” I said, and sat
still, staring at my guest in dumb be-
wilderment.

  Doctor Moran stared back, a strange
expression on his face, and made an
abortive gesture as though he would
have crossed himself. Then he shook
his great, thick shoulders, and burst into
a rumbling laugh.

  “We’re two old women, Johnny Pel-
ton !” he declared, thumping my shoul-
der. “Toothless, doddering grand-
mothers. Shame on us both! Now,
let’s plan this hunting trip, and have no
more foolishness.”

  “Right you are. How do we get to
this place, anyhow?”
Satan’s Wood

45

  The doctor thumbed that pamphlet.
“Pollakville Station,” he read. “On the
B. & A., it says. Then you drive ten
miles or so over improved roads. Mo-
tor bus meets trains by appointment.”
“One place is as good as another,” I
told him. “As long as it’s not too far
away; and as long as it’s quiet. What’s
the proprietor’s name?”

  “Manew. Mrs. Sarah Manew. Har-
rumph !” Doctor Moran cleared his
throat thunderously, as was his star-
tling habit, so that I jumped. “Peculiar
name, that. Manew. Pollakville.
Sounds Balkan, doesn’t it? Probably
Manieu, to begin with. Well, Johnny
Pelton, when shall I write Mrs. Manew
to expect us?”

  I thought a moment. “I can get
H. P. D. Ames to look after my work.
Why, I could start day after to-mor-
row.”

  “Good enough! I’ll write to-night.
No, I’ll telegraph. Want to be sure and
get rooms.”

  Doctor Moran half rose, then sank
back into his chair, staring oddly at that
neatly printed pamphlet. “Aradia,” he
repeated. “Hotel Aradia. Yes, and
the seasons, too. May and October.
There’s something queer about that,
Johnny Pelton.”

  “What’s so queer? I suppose it’s on
account of the game laws, or something
like that. But lots of such places have
two seasons a year.”

  “Ye-es. Of course. But May and
October, and at the Aradia.”

  “Why not?”

  The medical examiner eyed me as-
kance. “Didn’t you ever hear of
Aradia?”

  “We-ell, I think- It sounds fa-
miliar, somehow. But I can’t remem-
ber anything about it. Might be the
name of a Pullman car.”

  “It is the name,” said Doctor Moran,
half seriously, “of the patron goddess
of all witches and sorcerers. Aradia
was the daughter of Diana and Lucifer,

born in the dark of the moon, and her
sign and symbol was the cat. Hence, all
witches keep black cats.”

  He looked at me rather defiantly and
went on. “And the night of April 30th
is Walpurgis-nacht—Walpurga’s Eve,
the spring festival of Pan; the night
when all evil spirits are loosened.
While as for Halloween, the last night
in October, I suppose even you, Johnny
Pelton,” he finished rudely, “I suppose
even you must have heard tales about
Halloween ?”

  I stared at the doctor curiously, won-
dering, as I had wondered before on
more than one occasion, how much the
man really believed of all that mass of
superstitious lore he knew so well. For
Doctor Aloysius Moran was a veritable
mine of quaint and curious information
about ghosts and vampires and witches
and sorcerers and necromancers and
succubi and incubi and I know not what
of supernatural matters.

  “You don’t believe that rot, surely?”
Doctor Moran forced a grin. Or I
fancied that his smile was constrained.
“Certainly not. Har-rumph! But just
the same. I’m glad Alice Macy is dead.
If she were alive, I’d hesitate to visit
any place called Aradia, and especially
at Halloween time.”

CHAPTER II.

WITCH HOLLOW.

e

IT developed that Mrs. Sarah Manew
would be delighted to reserve two
rooms for Doctor Moran and me; and
so we completed our preparations and
finally set out for Pollakville on the
morning of October 18th, as delighted
as two schoolboys on the first day of
their long vacation.

  The train trip was long and tedious.
We had to change three times, waiting
an hour or more each time, and chang-
ing from a dingy, cindery local to one
still more dingy and forlorn, so that
Doctor Moran mourned and bewailed
46

Detective Story Magazine

his foolishness in taking a train instead
of motoring comfortably through the
country. Throughout his complaints,
he eyed me with bitter meaning, but I
hardened my heart. Doubtless, this trip
was dirty, smoky and fatiguing, yet to
have trusted myself to Doctor Aloysius
Moran’s driving through a hundred-
and-fifty-mile motor trip would have
been suicidal. And so I told him.

  “Grumble all you please,” I said se-
renely. “It’s dirty, yes, and sooty. My
hair is full of cinders, and there's a big
one in my eye. And this day coach
hasn’t been cleaned since Stephenson's
day. All very true. But, my dear,
good, reckless friend, in this way we
shall arrive at our destination, dirty and
uncomfortable, no doubt, but all in one
piece. While with your driving—I say
110 more, Doctor Moran, except that I
want to go to Pollakville, not to my last
long home.”

  The medical examiner grinned re-
luctantly. “I suppose you’d like to have
a boy on horseback riding in front of
every automobile, waving a red flag,”
he gibed. But I was not crushed.

  “It is a pity there can’t be some
means of warning traffic off the roads
before you come along. Why, the car
of Juggernaut would be nothing to that
red car of yours, not even if it had six-
teen cylinders.”

  “Har-umph!” said Doctor Moran.
"This must be Pollakville, now. High
time, too! We might have been here
five hours ago.”

  The rickety engine squealed asthmati-
cally ; our battered day coach bumped to
a halt, and we disembarked as the brake-
man announced, “Pollakville!” My
companion glanced disparagingly about
the mean, dilapidated village.

  “If this is city, what must the suburbs
be!”

  A flannel-shirted youth was ap-
proaching. His tanned face was quite
expressionless; he chewed gum vigor-
ously.

  “This them two doctors f’r Mrs.
Manew’s place ?” he inquired—of empty
space, apparently, for he looked at
neither of us.

  “These is them,” replied Doctor Mo-
ran promptly. “Can you take us
there ?”

  “Uh-huh. Baggage?”

  The youth chewed his gum harder
than ever, and his pale eyes wandered
about, looking for our bags. He seemed
a taciturn person.

  We collected our impedimenta: a suit
case and hand bag each, and a leather
gun case or two, and a jointed fish rod
each. Though neither of us had much
idea of hunting or fishing, it would have
looked odd, we had decided, to come
without any sporting implements at all.

  The young man took a suit case in
each hand, leaving the other things for
us to bring. “Bus around behind the
depot," he vouchsafed, and stalked
away.

  We followed meekly, to find an
ancient flivver standing at the edge of
a wide dirt road. It was an open car,
and topless, and its fenders were sadly
crumpled, and tied on with wires. One
door was missing entirely, and the
others swung loose; but as our guide
cranked its motor, after heaping our
baggage into the tonneau, it gave forth
a satisfying regular humming roar.
Obviously, for all its dilapidated ap-
pearance, the thing would still run.

  Doctor Moran and I scrambled in,
and settled ourselves as best we could
among gun cases and bags, and the
youtft drove off without a word. We
went down the one wide street of Pol-
lakville, wrhere a loafer or two sat
somnolently on benches in front of
mean little shops, and then struck into
a well-paved State road. Our driver
glanced to his right at the low-hanging
sun, and opened his throttle wide, so
that we sped along the pavement at the
flivver’s very best pace.

  The country wras rough and hilly. On
Satan’s Wood

47

either side, steep slopes climbed to
sharp summits, and beyond them we
could see crest after crest, higher and
higher, as the foothills gave place to
veritable mountains. We drove along
a narrow, winding gut, evidently a pass
through the mountain range, and our
general direction was southeast.

  Our chauffeur spoke no word, but he
kept pushing the flivver until its radia-
tor puffed steam. It panted and la-
bored up long grades, shot down steep
hills like a frightened rabbit, took sharp
curves on two wheels, so that I was al-
most thrown out, and began to wonder
if I might not have been safer even
with Doctor Moran’s driving. And all
the while, the driver kept his eyes front,
save for an occasional worried glance
at the setting sun, and vouchsafed us no
attention w'hatever.

  At last, I leaned forward to address
him, thinking that he might be shy of us
as city folks. I fairly had to shout, the
rickety old car made such a noise.

  “What kind of a town is this Pollak-
ville?” I asked idly, with nothing in
mind save to start a conversation.

  The youth shrugged. “Bum,” he
grunted, never looking around.

  I tried again. “Funny name, isn’t
it?”

  “Nope. Settled by Poliaks and Hun-
kies. ’at’s all.”

  We labored up a long, long slope, in
places so steep that we had to go into
low gear and travel no faster than a
man could walk. At last, we reached
its crest, and the driver paused to cool
his boiling radiator.

  Far off to our right, the red sun hung
low above tall mountains. The sky was
deeply blue, and very clear at the zen-
ith ; but around the horizon hung a
vague, faint, shimmering mist—a haze,
rather, such as one sees in Indian sum-
mer. I breathed deeply. The keen,
sweet air held a faint and far-off tang
of wood smoke.

  It was a pleasant prospect that lay

outspread before my eyes. Here, na-
ture remained virgin. As far as one
could see, there was no sign of hu-
man habitation and not even a road,
save the one we traveled. Hill was
heaped up behind towering hill, and all
the slopes were thickly wooded, and
trees and dense underbrush grew right
up to the edge of the concrete. Here,
if anywhere, we could find peace and
solitude, I thought. It was very rest-
ful.

  Before us, the country fell away in
long, rolling sweeps, for uncounted
miles, until one coud see the distant
plain beyond the mountains. On either
side, the rolling hills marched off, sepa-
rating gradually, to leave a wedge-
shaped valley which notched deep into
the mountain range so that its head was
but a few miles before us. This valley
was bare of trees, for the most part,
though little woodlands stood here and
there, but one could make out no signs
of cultivation. That faint, thin haze
hung over what seemed a natural
meadow.

  Beside me, Doctor Moran stirred.
“Wild country, isn’t it?” he murmured
with a satisfied smile. “Not a sign of
life. Good! How far is it to the Ara-
dia Hotel, son?”

  Our driver started, and glanced again
at the sun. “Far enough,” he grumbled.
“Too far. Must be six or seven miles.”
“It ought to be in sight, then,” I pro-
tested, and searched the empty plain
which lay at our feet.

  “Can’t see nothing. Trees hide it.
It’s in about there.” The young man
pointed briefly, and started up his mo-
tor, and began to plunge recklessly
down the long slope.

 “Many people live down there?”
Doctor Moran inquired.

“Uh-huh. Some. Must be couple
hundred folks in the Hollow, all told.”
“Are they Poles, too ? Mrs. Manew’s
name sounds as if it might have been
Hungarian, once, or Roumanian.’’
48

Detective Story Magazine

 The youth nodded. “Yeah. Her
folks come f’om the old country. Lotta
Hunkies, and all like that.”

  “What’s your name?” I asked cas-
ually.

  “Lesky. Con Lesky.”

  “Leslie?''

 “Nope. Lesky! Conrad Lesky.”
He was entirely serious; he saw no in-
consistency in his contempt for “Hun-
kies and all like that.”

  All the while, young Lesky was driv-
ing faster and faster, until we shot
down the long hill at a dangerous speed.
I protested mildly.

  “We’re in no such hurry as that.
Take your time.”

  But he only glanced over a shoulder
at the sun, which almost touched the
tallest mountaintop, and urged the fliv-
ver on. “Gotta get back,” he mumbled
uneasily. “It’s most sunset now.”
Doctor Moran leaned forward. “Are
the people out this way very supersti-
tious? Do they believe in witches, and
so on?”

  “Yeah. Sure. Reg’lar hill-billies,
ignorant as anything. Superstitious as
all get-out.” He drove faster yet.
“Backwoods Bohunks!” he sneered.

  I was holding on with both hands,
praying that we might reach the Aradia
alwe, but Doctor Moran enjoyed his
ride. Our reckless speed exhilarated
him. He laughed aloud.

  “This is traveling!” he exulted.
“Speed her up, son.”

  We fairly dropped down a last, long
grade, and, with a sigh of relief, I real-
ized that we had reached the bottom of
that frightening slope. Now the road
wound and twisted through waste lands,
from which the timber had long since
been stripped, so that it was grown up
to ragged thickets of second growth.
Hills cut off our view, and the road
twisted among them. Evidently, the
valley which had seemed so level from
that mountaintop was cut up, actually,
into ravines and guts between steep,

jagged, rocky knolls. Now we climbed
one of these, and I could see for a cou-
ple of miles, perhaps.

  Almost directly in front of us was a
rather extensive woodland, which must
have covered many acres. It was a de-
light to the eye, tired of viewing waste,
brambly slashings, dotted with stumps.

  “There’s a regular forest, Moran,” I
pointed out. “That must be near the
hotel, unless the announcement lied.
There’s no other woods in sight, and the
notice claimed ‘extensive forests.’ ”
“How about that, son?” inquired
Doctor Moran.

  Lesky nodded. “Yeah. It's A-dog
Woods, a’ right.”

  “What did you call it?” I demanded,
struck by the odd name. “ ‘A Dog’s
Woods’?”

  Beside me, the medical examiner
grunted significantly. “Ordog’s Wood,”
he corrected. “Isn’t that it, Con ? Or-
dog’s Wood—Satan’s Wood—the Hex-
enwald.”

  Lesky looked over his shoulder, turn-
ing right around so that I made sure
we would be wrecked. His face was
troubled, uneasy, suspicious.

  “Whaddayuh mean?” he asked. I
saw him thrust out his left hand, fur-
tively : its two middle fingers were
folded in, its forefinger and little finger
thrust stiffly out in that ancient sign of
the homed hand of Ashtoreth—what
the Italians call the “jettatura.” As
every one knows, that symbol wards off
all witchcraft, and especially the “evil
eye.” It seemed that Con Lesky, too,
for all his contempt of such things, ac-
knowledged a grain of superstition.

 “Whaddayuh mean, Hexenwald ?
Some of the old folks does call it that,
sometimes.” He mumbled his breath
in a foreign language. I thought I
heard a word: “Stregoica

  Doctor Moran nudged me. “Means
a witch,” he whispered. And, aloud:
“What’s the name of this settlement
we’re coming to?”

            DS-3C
Satan’s Wood

49 -

  “Witch Hollow,” grunted young
Lesky, without turning. And he drove
faster than ever, glancing at the sun.
“Most there, now.” He sighed deeply
as with relief.

  We had reached a crossroads. There
was no house in sight, nor any sign of
life; no evidence that human beings had
penetrated thus far before us, save the
road we traversed—its pavement gone,
now, to be replaced by uneven, gravelly
dirt—and that other road, which was
scarcely more than a track, which
crossed it at right angles. Beyond the
crossroads lay the tall, thick-standing
trees of Ordog’s Wood. Con Lesky
hunched his bullet head between his
shoulders, as though against a driving
storm, and forced the flivver to its ut-
most.

  We entered the gloomy aisles of the
forest, and lost sight of the sun. Here
it was dusk, as it must have been even
at midday, for the wood was very dense.
Tall evergreen trees crowded right to
the edge of the road. Our driver looked
neither to the right nor the left; he was
rigid and tense, and obviously afraid. I
wondered why.

  Presently—scarcely more than a hun-
dred and fifty yards beyond the cross-
roads. I noticed an opening in the for-
est at our right. The great trees were
more widely spaced, and there was less
undergrowth, that was all. The forest
remained unbroken. But one could see
uncertainty, between thick trunks, for
several rods into the woodland.

  Looking that way, I seemed to see a
gray-stone wall, and so rubbed my eyes
and looked again. Yes, there was a
building there, in the heart of that deep
forest. I shivered involuntarily; it
seemed a strange place to build. For
there was something strange, uncanny,
not quite wholesome, about that Ordog’s
Wood, so that I could not wonder at its
name. Surely, Satan, and no more
amiable spirit, dwelt here!

  I was the more surprised, then, to

 DS—4C

see, by straining my eyes, that it was a
chapel which stood there in Satan’s
Wood. Yes, it was tumble-down and
half ruined, its gray stone walls
breached, and half its spire fallen, but
it was a veritable church, none the less.

  A breath, a flash, and we had
passed and were rocketing onward
through dense forest. The ruined
chapel had vanished as though by
magic, and I half doubted having seen
it at all. I turned to Doctor Moran.

  He nodded. “An old church. I saw
it, too. With a graveyard beside it.
Odd place for a church!”

  Our driver heard, shuddered, and
crossed himself. Then, suddenly, he
screamed, and jerked at the steering
wheel until we lurched and skidded half
across the road. The flivver slid into
the left-hand ditch and nearly upset.
Con Lesky stared with bulging eyes at
something in the thick woods on our
right—something white, which seemed
to flutter and move as I watched it.

  The boy was livid with horror. His
teeth chattered; he muttered thickly,
and I caught one w7ord: “Vrolek!
Vrolek!” repeated over and over.

  With prompt presence of mind, Doc-
tor Moran half rose, and, leaning far
over, reached a thick arm past our
trembling driver to catch the steering
wheel. Exerting his great strength,
the medical examiner straightened the
flivver out, so that we scrambled back
into the road.

  “Har-rumph!” said he. “Newspaper.
Nothing but a piece of paper. Drive
on, my bold lad.”

 Con Lesky flushed darkly. He
seemed ashamed of his outbreak, and
gripped the wheel again, and drove on.
None the less, he glanced apprehen-
sively over his right shoulder at inter-
vals.

  “Them woods is—is queer,” he mut-
tered defensively. “Feller’s got a right
to be scairt, things that’s happened
there.”
50

Detective Story Magazine

  He would say nothing more, though
I plied him with questions. The wood
was “queer”; things had happened
there. And, furthermore, he must get
us to Mrs. Manew’s place just as
quickly as he could, because he wasn’t
going to drive through Ordog’s Wood
after sunset. And he drove as fast as
if the Erl-King himself rode after us.

  I was vastly intrigued, and, I must
admit, the least trifle uncomfortable.
But Doctor Moran, beside me, only
grinned a placidly superior grin, and
said nothing, save that he whispered
once to me, too low for our driver to
hear:

  “Vrolek,” he said, “means a vam-
pire.”

  That called up a most unpleasant
memory. Once more, I seemed to see
Alice Macy, or Alicia Tavannes, green
eyes blazing, red lips parted, as she
suddenly leaned over the ghastly, blood-
less figure of Mrs. Burbage, on whose
bare throat was a tiny, pale-lipped
wound.

  I leaned forward nervously, and I
was almost as glad as Con Lesky, I
think, when we made a sharp turn to the
right and a rambling white house came
into view. Con pointed toward it.

  “Mrs. Manew’s place,” he vouch-
safed.

  It was not a large building. It
seemed scarcely more than a cottage. It
stood well back from the road, beneath
tall, funereal evergreen trees: fir and
hemlock, that loomed blue-black in the
fading light. Its paint, originally white,
but fade/1 to a ghostly gray, gleamed
faintly from the shadows all about, so
that I thought of an ancient tombstone.
Altogether, it was an uninviting place
to reach after our drive through Satan’s
Wood.

  No light shone from its small, many-
paned windows; no smoke rose from
its low, rough-stone chimney. It
seemed deserted, lurking beneath those
tall, sad trees like some furtive ghost

hiding from human eyes. As I stared
at the old house, a huge black cat ap-
peared from nowhere, and sat itself
down upon the stone doorstep, and
watched us with yellow, shining eyes.

  “This can’t be a hotel!” I protested.
But as the flivver squealed to a stop, I
saw a signboard, freshly painted, that
hung from a tree by the road: and its
legend ran thus: “Hotel Aradia.”

  “It’s Mrs. Manew’s, a’ right,” Con
Lesky repeated. And without more
words, he leaped from his seat and be-
gan, with frenzied haste, to fling our
baggage out upon the ground.

  Almost before Doctor Moran and I
could alight, he was back in his place,
and racing the flivver’s motor. “Don’t
you want your pay?” I suddenly
shouted, above its roar, but he only
shook his head.

  “Be on th’ bill!” he screamed, and
backed his car, and wrenched it about
in the road, and was off at top speed,
driving as though Satan pursued.

■ Thick dust, mingled with black smoke
from the exhaust, blew into our faces;
and, before we could protest, Con Lesky
had vanished around the nearest curve,
leaning forward over his wheel like a
jockey in the stretch.

I looked at Doctor Moran, and
laughed uneasily. “Well, here we are.”
“Har-rumph! Quite! Here we are,
as you so clearly state it. And I, for
one, am glad of it. Let’s go eat.”

  The doctor picked up suit case, bag
and gun case, and turned toward the
Hotel Aradia. As he stumped up the
weed-grown path, I glanced westward.
The round, red sun had reached the
treetops; even as I watched, it sank, as
with a sudden plunge, behind the west-
ern hills, and was gone.

  Sunset! And Con Lesky must be in
the very thickest of Ordog’s Wood. I
wondered vaguely what he might meet
there among its shadows, and cursed
myself for a superstitious foo!, and fol-
lowed the medical examiner.
Satan's Wood

51

CHAPTER III.

THE ARADIA HOTEL.

     we stumbled up that weed-grown
path, the huge black cat sat upon
the doorstep and watched inscrutably.
In all the visible prospect, there .was no
other sign of life, yet it seemed to me
that our every movement was watched
by something invisible, as keenly as by
that enormous, coal-black cat.

  The beast sat still until we wrere al-
most upon it. Then it rose abruptly,
yellow eyes aflame, and arched its back,
and opened its red mouth, and spat at us
soundlessly. Its fierce, triangular face
was a mask of demoniac hatred; laid
back ears, bushy tail, sharp claws, all
spoke of such fury that involuntarily T
halted.

  Doctor Moran chuckled. "If Aradia
has any votary hereabouts, this would
be a splendid familiar,” he declared,
nodding at the cat. And then, quite
undisturbed by the brute’s menacing
attitude, he set foot on the doorstep.

  With a movement so swift that the
eye could not follow it, the great black
cat whirled and darted into the shrub-
bery which grew thick and untrimmed
all about the house. It was there, and
it was gone, and it needed no great
stretch of imagination to fancy that it
had vanished, instead of running away.

  In the same instant, the closed front
door, ornamented with a knocker cast
in the shape of a human head which
w'ore two short horns, swung silently
back, and we saw an old woman in the
aperture.

  She wras a gaunt old lady, much
stooped and bent, with thin, gray hair
drawn tightly back, and knotted, oddly
enough, with a bright-red ribbon. Her
nose was large and hooked, and her
pointed chin thrust forward. She was
toothless, so that her jaws shut together
like nutcrackers, and nose and chin
seemed almost to touch, as in old pic-
tures of witches. Beneath shaggy gray

eyebrows, her deep-set eyes were
rheumy and red-rimmed, and to me they
seemed haunted by some secret terror.
Altogether, she was a strange old
woman, and one who, three centuries
ago, might well have been burned at the
stake merely because of her eerie look,
and the great black cat she kept.

  But she smiled at us pleasantly
enough, and, when she spoke, she
seemed a kindly, innocent old lady as
one might wish to meet.

  “This is Doctor Moran, isn’t it? And
Doctor Pelton, too? Come right in,
gentlemen. Elvira! Elvira! Drat
that girl! She’s mooning again. Sorry
you had to fetch your own baggage.
Con ought to have fetched it in before
he went. But come right in, gentlemen,
and warm yourselves. Gets chilly
around sunset; for all it’s only October.
Supper’ll be on the table in a jiffy.”

  So she ushered us in, talking all the
while, and brought us to a large, pleas-
antly furnished sitting room in which a
log fire burned in a fireplace almost as
large as a hall bedroom. The room was
brightly lighted with oil lamps, but the
shades were so closely drawn that not
the least ray could escape to lighten the
dusk without. The fire crackled and
snapped cheerfully, and from the rear a
faint, delicious smell of cookery floated
in to our eager nostrils.

  Doctor Moran settled his thick body
in an armchair, and spread out blunt
hands to the blaze. Chin on his great,
arched chest, he looked all around, turn-
ing his eyes but not his head, as was
his habit.

  “Har-rumph! Quite a contrast,” he
mumbled. “Outside was just the least
bit—er, well, ghostly, so to say. But
inside—fine!” He sniffed hugely.
“Smells good, doesn’t it? I can’t re-
member when we ate last, can you?”

  “A long time ago,” I declared sin-
cerely. “I’m all ready to eat again.”

  Our hostess had disappeared, but now
she returned, thrusting before her a
52

Detective Story Magazine

slatternly figure clad in a soiled red
dress. “Come on, now, Vera,” she
scolded. “Fine lot of good you are to
me, mooning around like you do. Why
weren’t you outside, to get these gentle-
men’s bags? Take and fetch ’em up-
stairs, now, and hurry up about it.”
She turned to us.

  “More trouble trying to get anything
out of her than to do it myself,” she

complained. “But then-” She

looked around. Elvira had gone out,
carrying a bag in either hand. Mrs.
Manew tapped ■ her forehead. “But
then, she ain’t hardly accountable.
Comes from that Raggles tribe, back in
the hills, and they’re no better'n half-
wits, all of ’em. Live just like animals,
they do.”

  The slattern came shuffling back, and
I looked at her curiously. She was
young, surely not more than twenty, but
her face was drawn and wizened like
that of an old woman. It was a rabbit-
like face, almost chinless, with narrow
jaws and protruding teeth over which
inadequate lips refused to close. Her
eyes were prominent and watery and
very pale, almost colorless, and they
were vacant and dull. No light of in-
telligence shone in them. The girl was
patently an imbecile. It did not need
her crumpled ears, her symmetrical fea-
tures, one eye set half an inch higher
than its mate, nor her microcephalic
head, scarcely half the normal size, to
tell me that. Her vacant glance alone
betrayed her.

  For the rest, she was gaunt and ill
made, with huge hands and feet. She
shuffled awkwardly, stumbling over her
own feet, and her loose lips were set in
a never-changing, silly grin. It was
pitiful.

  “Don’t earn her keep,” Mrs. Manew
complained. “More trouble’n she’s
worth, a sight! Elvira Raggles! Pick
up them bags and fetch ’em upstairs,
you hear me? Stand there gaping!”

  Elvira giggled emptily, and obeyed.

Doctor Moran gave our hostess a ques-
tioning glance. “It’s good of you to
put up with her,” said he. “But
wouldn’t she be better off in some in-
stitution ?”

 “A sight better!” Mrs. Manew
agreed. “Been in trouble already, El-
vira has, on’y them Raggleses don’t
think nothing of that. Wouldn’t know
enough to call it trouble, even. Got a

baby, ’bout two year old. She-”

  A beam in the ancient ceiling creaked
sharply, and Mrs. Manew stopped short
with an apprehensive glance upward.
“There’s lots of queer noises in this old
house. A body’d think, sometimes, the
roof’d fall in onto your head. But it’s
good and solid, gentlemen. You don’t
need to worry.”

  I fancied that the look of secret ap-
prehension in her deep-set eyes was
more pronounced. Certainly, she fid-
geted nervously, arranging vases on the
mantel shelf. .And she would say no
more about Elvira Raggles, though we
both questioned her. When Doctor
Moran suggested again that the girl be-
longed in an institution, Mrs. Manew
only shrugged.

  “Can’t none of us do what-all we’d
like to,” she evaded. “There’s reasons

I-” She checked herself, a look of

manifest fear in her strange eyes.
“Your supper’s all ready. Better come
on in and set up.”

  Thankfully, we sat down to an ex-
cellent hot meal. Mrs. Manew seemed
the very soul of hospitality; she pressed
food upon us, and smiled at our appe-
tites. When we had finished, she
showed us'upstairs to our bedrooms.

  We were her only guests, she ex-
plained. Usually, she had five or six at
this time, but this year no one else had
copie. Times were hard, on account of
the stock market, so folks claimed,
though she didn’t know anything about
that. She hoped we’d like our rooms.

  They were very pleasant, indeed,
large and airy, and comfortably fur-
Satan’s Wood

53

nished. There was even a well-equipped
bathroom between them. The water
came from springs back on the hillside,
Mrs. Manew told us. There were no
electric lights, but she planned to have a
small electric plant installed, another
year.

  The house was small, as I have said.
These second-floor rooms were low-
ceiled, with dormer windows, and there
wras no third floor. I could see only two
doors, beside our own, which opened
into the hall, and I wondered, idly,
where our hostess could put six guests,
if she had them.

  Looking absently out through the
half-open door of my room while I lis-
tened to Mrs. Manew’s chatter, I saw
the door opposite move silently. It
opened a little way, and I fancied that I
could see a flutter of black garments
through the crack.

  “Why, you’ve got another guest,”
said I, forgetting what she had told us.
“We’ll have to remember there’s a lady
on the floor, Moran.”

  Mrs. Manew looked frightened.
“Why, no!" she fluttered. “No, no,
there ain’t another body in the house—
not a one. Elvira and—Elvira, she
sleeps in an outhouse, and my room’s
downstairs in the lean-to. Ain’t another
soul in the house, on’y you gentlemen.”
I wondered at her insistence. “I
thought I saw the door across the hall
swing open, that was all.”

  “Must've been the wind. Yes, sir,
doctor. O’ course, it was the wind.”
This explanation appeared to relieve
her so much that I said no more, though
the night was singularly still. But that
huge cat might have pushed the door
open; and, as for the draperies I had
fancied, they might have been no more
than the play of shadows from a flicker-
ing oil lamp.

  1 was too tired and sleepy to be very
curious, anyhow. So I yawned, and
said “good night” to Mrs. Manew, and
prepared to retire. Doctor Moran sat

for a moment in front of the fireplace—
for there was a fireplace in each room,
with a glowing log fire therein—smok-
ing and pondering. Then he stretched
his long, thick arms and rose.

  “Aradia,” said he thoughtfully. “It’s
well named. A grand place for witch-
craft, sure enough. Mrs. Manew would
pass for a witch, anywhere, and we saw
her familiar outside.”

  "And Elvira, I suppose, is the prin-
cess whom she has bewitched,” I sug-
gested, trying to make a joke of it.

 Doctor Moran gave me a queer
glance. “Elvira has been bew’itched, all
right,” he answered. “Did you see
what she wore around her neck?”
“Why, no. What, then?”

  “Take a look in the morning, and see
what you think of it. Ho-hum! I’m
going to bed. Sorcery or none, it’s a
comfortable place, this. M-mm, but
those biscuits were good, and also the
maple sirup. Good night, Johnny, my
lad.”

CHAPTER IV.

COVEN?

I WAS up betimes, and dressed and
went out into the fresh, fragrant
morning air. The sun was just rising;
it was crisply cold and bracing so that I
felt young and exuberant, and whistled
cheerfully as I walked around the old
house.

  Early as I was, Doctor Moran had
been before me, for I met him striding
stoutly along on his thick, short bandy
legs, and humming in a sub-cellar bass:
“Rocked in the cradle of the deep!”
The last word came in a vibrant or-
gan tone that was almost too deep for a
human larynx to compass. “Bravo!” I
applauded, making believe to clap my
hands.

  “Har-rumph!” The medical exam-
iner seemed embarrassed. “How do
you like the Aradia by now?”

  “Fine! I think we’re going to enjoy
it here.”
54

Detective Story Magazine

  We stood beside the ancient house,
where we could see the kitchen garden
at its rear, and a small structure a cou-
ple of rods behind it, apparently made
of logs. This was the outhouse, no
doubt, where Elvira Raggles slept.

  My guess was verified almost at once,
for the slatternly girl emerged from it,
her thin, sandy hair all in tangles about
her tiny head, her pale eyes swollen
with sleep. She carried a shapeless
bundle in her arms, and her face was
bent over it, and she crooned to it tune-
lessly.

  For all the asymmetry, the imbecility,
of her wizened face, Elvira Raggles
was almost beautiful in that moment.
Her pale eyes were bright with mother
love; her smile was tender. She
clutched the squirming bundle awk-
wardly enough, but as carefully as
though she held the world’s greatest
treasure.

  Then, seeing us, she started back with
a feral snarl, like some wild animal sur-
prised and ready to defend its young.
Doctor Moran spoke to her gently.

  “Good morning, Elvira. Is that your
baby?”

  The woman’s face changed. Once
more it was vacant, silly, idiotic. “Uh-
huh,” she nodded, grinning.

  “Let us see, won’t you?”

  She hesitated, then advanced warily,
and we looked at what she held.

  It was a child of two years, perhaps
—a pitiful object, with the huge, bulg-
ing head of the hydrocephalic, and be-
neath it a pinched little visage like a
monkey’s face from which bright black
eyes peered knowingly. The little crea-
ture was deformed, rachitic, unwhole-
some. Its eyes were sore, its skin was
blotched and roughened, and it wore, as
such children sometimes do, an expres-
sion of uncanny, evil wisdom such as
might have shone from the eyes of a
very ancient, very learned, and quite un-
principled woman. Yet to its mother,
it was precious, for she held it lovingly,

and awaited our praise with patent
pride, as if to say, “Of course, my baby
is wonderful!”

  I strove to look admiring, and mut-
tered a few words, and put out a finger
to touch that pitifully wrinkled cheek.
The child stared at me coldly, contemp-
tuously, with that air of precocious wis-
dom, so that I almost blushed. Doctor
Moran rubbed his long, heavy chin.

  “An unusual baby,” he declared, with
complete conviction. “Unique, in fact.
Har-rumph!”

  The uncanny little creature burst into
sudden, elfin mirth. Elvira grinned her
foolish grin, and eyed the medical ex-
aminer with abject gratitude. “You—
you’re good,” she declared, and came
closer.

  “Listen!” she whispered, glancing
furtively about. “Listen! You go away
f’om here. G’wan, quick! It ain’t—
ain’t—healthy.”

  “Maybe we know how to take care
of ourselves, Elvira,” replied the
doctor. “Look!” And he showed her
his left hand, its two middle fingers
folded into the palm, its little finger and
forefinger stiffly extended in that sign
of the homed hand that Con Lesky had
made, last night. What w’as the man
getting at?

  But Elvira grinned widely, and
nodded as though completely enlight-
ened. “Oh! Well, o’ course, if you’re
one of them over there”—jerking her
head sidewise to the left—“that makes
it-”

  “Elvira! Elvira Raggles, you come
here this minute.”

  Frightened, Elvira wheeled toward
the house. “Yes’m, yes’m yes’m,” she
shrilled. “Cornin’.” Stumbling over
her own feet, she turned to her cabin,
and darted into it, to emerge again,
presently, without her child, and shuffle
toward the house.

  “Let’s take a stroll, Johnny, my lad,”
suggested Doctor Moran. “How about
it? Mrs. Manew!” He raised his
Satan’s Wood

55

voice to a bass shout. “Mrs. Manew!
Have we time for a walk before break-
fast?”

  “I guess so,” answered our hostess
in a shrill quaver. "Breakfast won't be
ready f’r an hour, a’most. Didn’t figger
you’d be getting up quite so early as
this.”

  So we set off toward the road, and
crossed it, and struck into the woods
beyond. Doctor Moran wore ancient
corduroy breeches, and leather putties
and thick-soled shoes, and I, too, was
roughly dressed, so that we feared
neither mud nor brambles. And the
deep woodland was inviting; and, this
morning, cheerful and innocuous
enough, full of the songs of birds and
the loud chattering of squirrels. Wild
flowers bloomed here and there, late as
it was, and chipmunks whisked about,
and a partridge rose with a sudden
thunder of wings, almost beneath our
feet. It was very pleasant in the
woods; my vague fears of last night
were forgotten quite. Ordog’s Wood!
Satan’s Wood, indeed! This was a de-
lightful spot, to one who loved nature,
and seldom had a chance to commune
with her.

  We walked on, Doctor Moran and I,
deeper and deeper into the thick wood.
Wild, furtive, furry creatures were all
about, eying us dubiously from treetops
or darting behind fallen logs to hide,
or racing up and down thick trunks to
scold angrily at our intrusion.

  We took no heed of direction, mov-
ing now this way, to examine an un-
usually tall tree, now that way, to look
at a fern, now the other way, to watch
a busy squirrel, so that after half an
hour or so we had no more than reached
the center of. the woodland, which was
scarcely a mile wide. I was about to
suggest that we turn back when my rov-
ing eye caught a glint of something
rough and gray.

  “Hello!” said 1. “We must be near
the road we drove over last night.

Here’s the chapel that scared young
Lesky so.”

  I started toward it, and the doctor
followed, but we did not reach the
ruined church that morning. We could
see it plainly, standing in a tiny clearing
—a tumble-down structure whose stee-
ple tilted perilously and half of whose
roof had fallen in. It was all built of
gray stone, moss covered and evidently
very old and long deserted. Beside it
was a small graveyard in which mossy,
stone slabs canted this way and that.

  But as we went toward the old chapel,
we saw another clearing before us, and
suddenly debouched into a circular open
space. It might have been forty feet in
diameter and it was so regular in out-
line that one felt it must be artificial.
Beyond it the woods began again, and
through them, between close-set trunks,
1 could see the old chapel. It was far-
ther away than I had thought, more
than a hundred yards, even now.

  I would have struck across the clear-
ing without pausing, but Doctor Mb-
ran’s shrill whistle checked me, and I
turned. My companion had stopped in
the middle of the open space, and wras
leaning over a big, rough boulder which
stood there.

  “Come here, Johnny Pelton," he
called, in a queer, dry voice, “and tell
me what you think of this.”

  I obeyed; and, as I came, glanced
about the clearing more carefully. It
was round, as I have said, and in it no
tree grew, nor any bush or shrub. Not
even a fern or weed or stalk of grass
grew here. The earth was bare and
brown, and packed hard and smooth,
like the floor of a clay tennis court, save
at the center, where, about that boulder,
a few glossy, thick-leaved plants grew
lustily and bore odd, dark-red, fleshy-
looking flowers.

  The boulder beside which Doctor
Moran stood was of hard, igneous rock,
shaped, no doubt, by some moving gla-
cier in ancient times. I am no geologist,
56

Detective Story Magazine

to give it a name, but it was of a yellow-
ish-gray color, flecked here and there
with rust-colored spots, and it surface,
though irregular, was fairly smooth. It
was half buried in the earth, at the exact
center of the clearing. It stood perhaps
four feet above ground, and its diame-
ter was considerably greater. Its top
was somewhat flattened, and had been
discolored by fire, apparently. Alto-
gether, the thing somehow suggested a
primitive altar stone.

  Doctor Moran stood watching me,
chin on chest, his yellow eyes very
bright. He seemed oddly interested, al-
most excited.

  “What do you make of it?” he asked.
“Why,” I answered uncertainly. “I
don’t know. Some old Indian relic, per-
haps? It makes one think of an altar.”
“Har-rumph! It does, indeed. But
look again, Johnny, my lad. Look
closer.” Stooping, he pointed to that
side of the stone which faced east.

  Here, the hard surface of the boul-
der had been chipped and scored, ob-
viously by human hands. Some one
had used a chisel there. I saw several
roughly graved symbols—something
vaguely like a pin wheel, and on either
side other crude carvings.

  “Why, some little boys have been
here!” I exclaimed.

  But the medical examiner shook his
head. His great, square face was grim.
He shook a blunt forefinger beneath my
nose. His deep voice cracked, and
leaped two octaves to a shrill falsetto.
“Blast it, man, use your eyes! Use
your brain, if any!” He pointed. “That
is a swastika. And that is the lingham,
and that the yoni.”

  As suddenly as it had arisen, his ap-
parent fury subsided. He smiled am-
iably, thrust both hands deep into his
pockets, and nodded at me. “In short,”
he said, in his normal bass, “if you’d be
reasonable, instead of flying into a tem-
per, you’d realize that you are taking a
very superficial view of these carvings.

Very! I tell you, man, this is an altar,
right enough, but it’s no Indian relic.
Look around you.” He pointed to the
hard-packed earth. “Dancing feet have
pounded that so flat; yes, and recently,
too. See, there’s not one single weed in
the ring. And these carvings—there’s
no moss in them. The rock is fresh,
unweathered, where the chisel has cut.
Those carvings have been made within
a year, at most.”

  I wondered idly at this excitement.
“What of it? What do you think it
means, then?”

  “It means this: Witchcraft. Demon-
olatry. Devil worship, if you like.
Just that.” He paused, glaring at me
defiantly from bushy brows.

  I laughed uneasily. “Nonsense! In
this day and age?”

  “Why not? Devil worship isn’t dead
yet, by a long shot. Listen.” He
checked off the points on thick, blunt
fingers. “A house called Aradia. And
Aradia is the goddess of witches. Lo-
cated where? Why, in Witch Hollow.
And here, in a forest called Ordog’s—
that is, Satan’s—Wood, we find a
beaten circle. A ‘fairies’ ring,’ no less,
such as one finds to this day in Eng-
land, where witches held their sabbats
once. Close by is a churchyard, inhab-
ited by a vrolek—a vampire. Isn’t all
that enough, even without finding the
very altar stone, graved with the ling-
ham and yoni and swastika?”

  “Do you seriously suggest-”

  He brushed my wrords aside. “These
are primitive people. Even Con Lesky
is very superstitious. They came from
the Balkan peninsula, which is, of all
countries in the world, the most ghost
haunted and full of sorceries. Why
shouldn’t they bring their own beliefs,
their own superstitions, if you like, to
this country with them? And, ob-
viously, they have!”

  “We-ell,” I said, dubiously, over-
borne by his insistent heat. “Well, if
so, what of it? It doesn't concern us.”
Satan’s Wood

57

  “Har-rumph! T hope not, Johnny.”
Doctor Moran shook his great head so
that his fulvous mane waved loosely.

“I hope not. But- Devil worship

is evil, my son. Naturally enough.
Yes, and Halloween is almost here—the
time for the autumn festival—the
Witches’ sabbat. I hope no innocent

child-”

  He broke off abruptly. His face was
white. “But that’s rot, of course.” He
glared at me accusingly, as though the
suggestion had been my own. “Nobody
but a fool would think of such things.
Come along, Johnny Pelton, let’s go
home to breakfast.”

  Without more words, we set our
faces toward the Aradia Hotel. For a
while, Doctor Moran clumped along in
moody silence. .Then he spoke.

  “Humph,” said he. “Ten days more.
Johnny, I think that when the local
coven meets, on Halloween, you and I
will be hidden right here or hereabout.
It ought to be interesting. Practical
study in anthropology. Har-rumph!”
Something gray flitted across an open
space before us, and vanished again. I
started violently; my nerves had been
shaken, despite my incredulity, by Doc-
tor Moran’s remarks. “Wh-what’s
that?”

  The doctor stopped short. “Where?
Ah! Quite! What is it, Elvira?”

  The slattern emerged from behind a
tree, finger in her mouth, giggling fool-
ishly. “Mrs. Manew, she says-”

  “Elvira,” the medical examiner chal-
lenged. “Elvira! What’s that you wear
around your neck?”

  She clutched at her scrawny throat,
hiding something—I could not see what
—that hung from a string, like a scapu-
lar. She seemed frightened; she could
not speak, but only goggled at us.

  “Is it this?” asked Doctor Moran.
And he stooped, and scratched a crude
drawing on the earth with a bit of twig.

  Elvira Raggles gasped. “You—you
know, too? Then you are-”

  “ ‘Ashtoreth-Asmodeus,’ ” quoted
Doctor Moran. “We have heard the
word the cat spoke to the ass.”

  “Elvira!”

  It was Mrs. Manew’s voice, doubt-
less. It must have been. And yet that
distant call rang silver clear and sweet,
so that I wondered how the old
lady’s withered throat could compass it.
The carrying sound floated across the
valley, to be echoed from the farther
hills. “Elvira! Elvira!”

  Elvira heard, and squeaked aloud in
ludicrous yet evident fear. Clutching
her draggled red skirts about her, she
fled, calling over a shoulder: “Break-
fas’ all ready, like I said. And I ain’t
said nothing else, neither—not a word!”
She seemed to be denying it, not to us,
but to some unseen auditor.

  Then she was gone, and we two were
left staring at each other in silence.
After a while, Doctor Moran shook his
head somberly.

  “A black business,” he rumbled
“Mark my words, Johnny Pelton, a
black, black business!”

CHAPTER V.

BABY RUTH.

WE walked on; but, before we
reached the edge of Ordog’s
Wood, I heard a baby crying dolefully.

  “Must be a lost child,” said I, and,
with my companion, hurried toward the
sound.

  Sitting on the ground beneath a huge
old tree, we found a little girl—a mere
babe, scarcely more than two years old.
Her golden curls were tousled; her
pretty face was scratched and soiled,
and tears hopped down her rounded,
dimpled cheeks. In one chubby fist, she
clutched a straggling bouquet of wilted
wild flowers.

  Seeing us, she emitted one last wail,
then blinked her wet eyes and smiled
trustfully.

  “Youse an awful while cornin’,” she
58

Detective Story Magazine

accused. “I cried an’ cried, an’ nobody
earned till now.” She sniffled briefly,
then scrambled to her feet. “But Baby
Ruth’ll fo’give. She good girl, Baby
Ruth; fo’give ever’body. Wanna go
home now.”

  And she trotted up to us, and thrust a
chubby, earth-stained hand out to each.
“My mamma wants me. Take me
there, p’ease. See, I pick some f’owers.
Won’t she be p’eased ?”

  A trustful, friendly mite, and pretty
as a picture, grubby though she was.
Doctor Moran laughed aloud, and swept
her up to his great shoulder, where she
sat quite contentedly, chattering to us
both.

  “What’s your mother’s name?” I
asked her.

  “Why, mamma. Jus’ mamma, ’at’s
all. An’ me, I’m Baby Ruth. Ever’-
body knows Baby Ruth.”

  I could well believe that everybody
in the neighborhood did know Baby
Ruth and love her; she was such a
dainty, affectionate, precocious mite.
But we had not had that honor, as yet.
“Where does your mamma live?”
“Wite over there.” She pointed
vaguely. “No-o. I guess there. No-o.
Baby Ruth’s losted!”

  Her face puckered dolefully; she
seemed about to weep once more. Then
she blinked back the tears and smiled
down at me, dimpling. “Not losted
now, though,” she corrected, with
pretty courtesy. “Nice mens founded
me. So now it’s aw-wite, isn’t it?”

  I assured her that it was, and, a mo-
ment later, we broke through a thicket
and emerged upon the highroad. To
our left, I could see the gable of the
Aradia Hotel, beneath its surrounding
everygreen trees, and far to the right I
caught a glimpse of a red barn.

Toward this, Baby Ruth pointed con-
fidently. “Mamma, she lives there. So
does Baby Ruth. With mamma, see?”
But we need not go all the way. Pres-
ently, I saw a woman’s figure hurrying

toward us, and pausing at intervals to
shade her eyes and look this way and
that. Faintly, I could hear her call!
“Ruth-ie! Ba-byRuth!”

  “Who-oo! Here I is!”

  Baby Ruth shrilled her answer, wav-
ing so violently that she almost fell
from the doctor’s shoulder. As we
hurried on, she kept explaining at the
top of her lungs:

  “I’s aw-wite, mamma dear. I got
losted, on’y these nice mens founded
me. Baby Ruth got losted and founded
and ever’thing, aw-wite. An’ see what

nice, pitty f’owers I pickted; an’-”

  The woman who ran toward us was
calico clad, and a flapping sunbonnet hid
her face. Yet one could see from her
graceful, slender figure and swift, lithe
movements that she was young—and, I
guessed, attractive. Of course, the
mother of this fairy child must be
pretty, too.

  Now she was within a few yards, her
arms already outstretched. Beneath
her sunbonnet, golden ringlets clustered
about a smooth, oval face, comely and
dimpled, but pale now with remembered
alarm. She was breathless.

  “Oh, baby, baby, how you frightened
me!” she gasped, and seized the child
and hugged her desperately. “Are you
safe? Are you hurt?” She began to
look Baby Ruth all over to feel her
limbs, to look anxiously into her smiling
face. Dimpling and chuckling, the baby
hugged her, babbling of the “pitty
f’owers” she had brought.

  After a little, her fears somewhat
quieted, the young woman looked at us.
“You been awful good,” she began
nervously. “I—thank you so much.”
She was very shy, and the color came
and went deliciously in her fair cheeks.
She spoke with a faint foreign accent,
as one not entirely used to the English
language, yet, as she told us later, she
had been born in Witch Hollow. But
most families hereabout spoke some
Balkan tongue at home.
Satan’s Wood

59

  "Baby Ruth been in the, woods,” the
child insisted, tugging at her mother's
sleeves. “Way, way, way back in the
woods—got losted.”

  Her mother gasped. “In the Wood?
You’ve been in Ordog's Wood? Oh-h,
Baby Ruth!”

  The woman was aghast; her agitation
wras pitiful. Her face grew pale and
pinched, and she crossed herself fre-
vently, and whispered a prayer, and
then made that ancient sign of the
horned hand.

  “Breakfast will be waiting,” T re-
minded Doctor Moran. “Let’s get
started.”

  But the lady would not have us go
thus. “Excuse me, please!” she begged.
“I must thank you both so much, to
find my baby. Me, I am Marie Skelly,
and this is my baby, Ruthie Skelly.”
"Skelly?” I queried. Certainly, she
did not look Irish.

  “Szekeli, the medical examiner cor-
rected “Szekeli. You are Magyar,
Mrs. Szekeli ?”

  She nodded eagerly, and plunged into
a guttural foreign tongue, but Doctor
Moran shook his head, smiling. “No, I
can’t understand. Sorry. But ] knew
the name. They are a brave people, the
Szekelis.”

  Mrs. Szekeli—or Skelly, as I shall
call her, since it was thus that her name
had been corrupted—noddeS proudly.
“But about those woods; I am much
troubled for my baby. These are most
bad woods. How shall I say? Stre-
goica. What you call witch work. In
those woods is a wampyr, that has al-
ready taken two babes.” She crossed
herself again.

  “Two babies?” queried Doctor Mo-
ran sharply.

  Mrs. Skelly nodded. “On Walpurgis-
nacht, a year ago, one little boy, Petey
Lesky, a year old only. On Allhallows
before, another babe—a girl; my own
husband’s cousin’s baby Celeste. We
can only pray. Baby Ruth,” said she,

sternly, “if you go again in the wood,
mamma must whip hard!”

  The child sniffed, and choked back a
sob. “Baby Ruth fo’give. She good
girl,” she quavered.

 “Come. We go home now.” Mrs.
Skelly turned to us and dropped a
quaint, old-fashioned curtsey. “We
thank you very much, Ruthie and I, to
have saved her from evil. God go with
you, sirs!”

  “And with you, madam,” replied
Doctor Moran very courteously. “And
may He watch over you both, and pro-
tect you from evil, always!”

  Off they went, Baby Ruth bobbing on
her mother's shoulder, and looking back
often to wave at us. Doctor Moran
and 1 walked swiftly up the road to-
ward the Hotel Aradia. We were both
hungry; we had little to say.

  But once and again, the medical ex-
aminer shook his great head forebod-
ingly, and rumbled dee]) in his throat.
"Two babies already'! And Halloween
comes in ten days.”

  Then he stopped short in the road.
“Johnny Pelton," he said gravely, with-
out a trace of that illogical heat he so
often affected, "Johnny Pelton, there is
an evil abroad here—an ugly, ancient,
evil mystery, that must be cleared up.
An evil that must be exercised, before
other innocent babies perish!”

 I gaped at him. “Perish? You
think these children were murdered?
Oh, surely not that!”

  "Har-rumph!” said Doctor Moran
cryptically. "I'm hungry.”

CHAPTER VI.

CHANGELING.

A FTER what we had seen that morn-
ing, and particularly after Doctor
Moran’s vague references to some great
and sinister mystery, Mrs. Sarah Ma-
new’s breakfast table was satisfyingly
matter-of-fact. Delicious buckwheat
pancakes, with home-churned butter
60

Detective Story Magazine

and real maple sirup, fried salt pork
and thick milk gravy, hot biscuits and
honey, savory fried potatoes, steaming
coffee—all these were not only delight-
ful to a hungry man, but somehow ob-
scurely comforting. In a world which
offered such matters. I felt, there could
not be anything very terrible. By the
time my ravenous appetite was ap-
peased, I was ready to smile incredu-
lously at the medical examiner’s dark
sayings.

  But when breakfast was over and we
two sat smoking before a cheery, open
fire, my curiosity got the better of me.

  “Look here, Moran,” I began, “how
much truth was there in that rigmarole
about sorcery—if any? And how much
of it was an attempt to scare me into
seeing witches behind every tree?”

  The doctor shrugged his thick shoul-
ders, and turned his whole body until
he faced me squarely. “I didn't even
think of scaring you,” he denied.

  For a while, he smoked in silence,
his yellow eyes, like the eyes of a sleepy
lion, brooding upon the fire. Then be
spoke.

  “Witchcraft,” said Doctor Aloysius
Moran, “is a religion. A cult, if you
like, and to-day a small cult, though
larger than you might believe, Johnny
Pelton. Yet it is a cult—a religion—
and a very old one. Nobody knows
how old. Certainly, it was known in
ancient Egypt, and Assyria, and Chal-
dea—all over the ancient world. In
Old Testament days, when the children
of Israel went astray, and worshiped
strange gods, it was the witch cult
which seduced them most often.”

  He paused a moment. Then: “You
remember Moloch, whose image held a
blazing furnace into which babies were
cast, alive ? You’ve heard of the god-
dess Ashtoreth, who was Astarte, who
was Hecate, the horned goddess of the
moon?”

  “I thought Diana-” I objected,

but he waved me aside.

  “Diana, yes. But it was Hecate who
was the goddess of the dark of the
moon, and the goddess of witches. Or,
as the Aradia myth has it, Diana her-
self, during the dark of the moon, car-
ried on scandalously, and so had a
daughter by Lucifer, who is Aradia,
goddess of witches. At any rate, moon
worship has always had this darker
side. Witchcraft has always been, in
part, a fertility religion. But there is
another element, too, and there Satan
comes in. The worship of Pan was
witchcraft, also—so much so that to this
day the personal devil of Christian
legend wears the horns and hoofs of
Pan, and has the legs of a goat. Pan.
Asmondeus, Janicot, Ahriman—they
are all one: the prince of this world.
And witches worship him also.”

  “You mean, they did.”

  “I mean they. do. Now, to-day, in
this land of the free. Oh, not many,
perhaps, yet the prince of this world
has his followers.”

  “But devil wrorship isn’t the same
thing as witchcraft!”

  “There are cults of Satanists, true—
like the Yezidees of Persia, who do not
quite belong to the witch cult. Yet all
of them practice incantation, and work
by spells. The witch religion is not ex-
actly Satan worship, though. Rather,
theologists have taken the Satan idea
from the witch cult. Janicot is not the
Christians’ Satan; he is older, much
older, and different. He is the prince of
this world—the prince of the power of
the air, whose symbols are the lingham
and the yoni, and whose worship is very
ancient. Very ancient indeed, and al-
ways evil. Quite as evil to-day, when
his ritual has been changed and cor-
rupted, as it was thousands of years
ago, when men called him Moloch.”
“You’ve been hinting around long
enough. Do you actually mean to sit
there and tell me that human sacrifice
is still practiced—in these United
States ?”
Satan’s Wood

61

  Doctor Moran sighed heavily. No
smile lit his somber face. “Can you
deny it? Wasn’t a witch murdered in
Pennsylvania within the year?”

  That silenced me, for I remembered
reading of at least two murders com-
mitted near York ;^of two so-called
witch doctors, “hexes,” slain by their
imagined victims.

  “That’s not the same as human sacri-
fice,” I argued feebly.

  “Har-rumph!” said my companion.
“Idiot.”

  After that, he refused to continue the
discussion. “Maybe I imagined it all.
I hope so.”

  A new thought struck me. “What’s
that thing Elvira wears around her
neck?” I demanded. “And what did
you draw on the ground with that twig ?
I couldn’t see. Yes, and what did you
mean, about ‘the word the cat spoke to
the ass’?”

  Doctor Moran grinned tantalizingly.
“There are no witches. Yet Elvira,
who is surely no mental giant, under-
stood both my sign and my words. She
is an initiate, Johnny Pelton.”

  “Well, are you? Don’t tell me you
are initiated into this witch cult you
talk about. Because I won’t believe it.”
“You needn’t, my bold lad. And I’m
not. But I got it all out of printed
books, Johnny Pelton—as you might, if
you’d been studious enough. You can
find out about the mysteries by consult-
ing anthropological authorities. Go to
it, dear friend! Afterward, you can
try out your knowledge on Elvira, and
see if she reacts.”

  I gave it up. “It’s nothing that in-
terests me,” I lied. “Meanwhile, are
you planning to sit here all day, or will
you come out into the air and work up
an appetite for dinner?”

  The medical examiner heaved up his
bulk, and we went outdoors. For the
rest of that day, and for the days that
followed, we led a delightfully lazy,
comfortable existence. We hunted or

pretended to, carrying guns which we
had no intention of using; we fished,
and even caught a horn pout or so,
which our hostess fried very nicely.
But for the most part, we wandered
idly about beneath the trees, or climbed
the surrounding hills to see what lay
beyond them which invariably proved
to be more hills—or held long, desul-
tory discussions. .

  Gradually, we came to know the peo-
ple who lived thereabout: shy, kindly,
primitive folks and very superstitious.
At first, they held aloof, and scarcely
spoke to us, but Doctor Moran’s per-
sonality—for he could be very winning
when he chose—soon drew them closer.
Me they came to accept, after a while,
almost as one of themselves, but the
medical examiner they regarded as some
one greater, wiser, more learned than
they. To him they brought their diffi-
culties and disputes, and he listened
gravely and made simple explanations,
or gave .just judgment. It was surpris-
ing to see how quickly he came to be an
authority among the Witch Hollow
people.

  It was surprising, too, to see how
much more thickly the Hollow was
populated than it had at first appeared.
From the Aradia house, we could see
but one other dwelling—the Skellys—
and that only in part and by an effort.
But we soon learned that a number of
other farms were scattered about, so
that fully two hundred folks dwelt in
the wedge-shaped valley called Witch
Hollow. Little, irregular-shaped patches
of arable land lay here and there, along
the creek bottoms; perhaps a fourth of
the country which at first had seemed
quite wild was under plow.

  As I say, they were a primitive peo-
ple, who rarely left their hills. For the
most part, they were Czechs, or Slo-
vaks, or Szekelis, or Magyars; I am not
skilled enough in race to say exactly
which. At any rate, they, or their fore
bears, hailed from the Balkan peninsula,
62

Detective Story Magazine

being the remnant of a considerable col-
ony which had emigrated from the old
country nearly a century ago, to settle
hereabout—perhaps because the moun-
tains were homelike to them. Most of
them still spoke their native tongue, by
preference, and some had no English
whatever. In some ways, they must
have been a little like the Pennsylvania
Dutch, I suppose, though in others they
were very different.

  Without exception, they were densely
superstitious. All believed firmly in
witchcraft and sorcery and charms, and
in ghosts and demons and vampires. At
least a dozen of them assured us that
there was an indubitable vrolek, wam-
pyr, or vampire which inhabited the
churchyard beside that ruined chapel.
But when I asked why the chapel had
been deserted, none would answer.
They only shook their heads, and went
on driving six miles over the mountains
to the church in a near-by town.

  One other matter I must speak of, in
passing, though it has little enough to
do with my tale. Far back in the hills,
in country wilder than the Hollow,
dwelt a peculiar, half-savage folk known
as the Raggles tribe. These were part
Indian, or so folks maintained, and
part Negro—a clan made up of out-
laws and runaway slaves and ren-
egade Indians, originally, which had
dwelt apart, inbreeding for eighty years,
without law or morals or schooling, un-
til most, if not all, had become feeble-
minded and deformed. I have known
one other such tribe, scarcely less de-
generate, in western New York; and
such must have been the tribes described
by one or two anthropologists.

  I mention these strange creatures be-
cause of their scientific interest to stu-
dents, and because the queer, slatternly
girl, Elvira, was one of them—and for
one other reason.

  Thus our days slipped by, one after
another, and we enjoyed them to the
full. It is strange to remember how

rapidly we became accustomed, Doctor
Moran and I, to this life, and, for that
while, how simple and wholesome and
cheerfully normal it seemed.

  For that while only—because a
strange and shocking thing occurred
which changed the,atmosphere of Witch
Hollow for us. We had been at the
Aradia Hotel for ten days—long
enough to grow used to Elvira’s oddi-
ties, and to become sincerely attached to
Mrs. Sarah Manew, in spite of her
eerie, witchlike appearance—when the
blow fell. That was on the twenty-
ninth of October, and I shall never,
while I live, forget that date.

  We had seen Baby Ruth Skelly but
twice since our first meeting with her,
for her mother kept her close at home
lest she wander off again; and so, on the
evening of the twenty-eighth, Doctor
Moran suggested that we walk to the
Skelly place next morning, to visit the
child we both had come to love.

  That was at supper. When the doc-
tor spoke, I fancied that Mrs. Manew
looked at us strangely, the hidden terror
which always lurked in her sunken eyes
more visible than usual. And Elvira
Raggles, who waited on us, dropped a
plate and broke it, but that was nothing
unusual, for her.

  “I’ll be glad to go and see her,” I
agreed. “She’s a very attractive child.”

  Mrs. Manew spoke in a strained,
quavering voice. “Elvira, go to your
own room for a minute.” And when
the slattern had shuffled out, she leaned
far across the table toward us two, and
whispered earnestly.

  “Doctor Moran, and Doctor Pelton,
I—I’ve come to be fond of you, kind

of. I wish- Hadn’t you better go

on back to New York, the both of you?
In the morning, early; I can get Con
Lesky to come after you.”

  We stared at her in amazement.
“But, why on earth?” I protested. “We
planned to stay a month; and we like it
here. I don’t want to leave. Do you?”
Satan’s Wood

63

  Doctor Moran shook his head. He
was eying our hostess keenly. “Why,
no. I’d much rather stay. Unless, of
course, Mrs. Manew wants to get rid
of us?”

  The old lady wet her lips. Her
skinny fingers plaited the tablecloth;
she was so uneasy, so terribly in ear-
nest, that I was almost alarmed.

  “I don't want you to- But I wish,

for your own sakes-’’

  Then came a distinct knocking from
the ceiling, exactly as though some one
in the room overhead had tapped writh
a stick. Now this was the room whose
door was opposite my own. The night
we came, I had fancied a movement
therein, but ever since the door had
been closed and locked—for I had tried
it once.

  “Elvira must have gone upstairs,”
said I, though I did not believe that.

  But Mrs. Manew flinched, and turned
ghastly pale. Her shrunken lips quiv-
ered; that constant look of fear deep-
ened in her dim old eyes until I pitied
her, she seemed so panic-stricken.
When she spoke, her voice quivered
like a violin string overstrained.

  “It’s nothing—nothing. Queer noises
you hear, in old houses like this. A
body’d almost think they was folks
around or spooks, maybe.” She forced
a laugh, but it was a dreadful, mirth-
less sound. Somehow her eyes avoided
mine.

  “No, it’s nothing on’y the timbers
cracking. What was it I was saying?
Oh, yes! I mean, I wish you’d stay,
both of you, just as long as you can.
It’s a real pleasure, having you; you
don't make a mite of trouble. So I do
hope you won’t let anything interfere
with staying your time out; leastways,
until after Hal—after the first of next
month.”

  I glanced at Doctor Moran, and he
stared back at me. His tawny eyebrows
were raised, and there was an odd, spec-
ulative quality in the look he presently

turned upon our hostess. He cleared
his throat.

  “Har-rumph!” said the medical ex-
aminer. “Quite. Yes, Mrs. Manew,
we are planning to stay, if you'll keep
us.”

  The old lady relaxed, heaving a trem-
ulous sigh. Yet that secret trouble
which lurked in her deep-set eyes was
undiminished. Rather, it seemed in-
creased, so that I wondered why she had
so suddenly changed her mind. Queer
noises in an old house? That had been
a queer noise, surely, for ancient tim-
bers to emit, unaided. And yet there
could be no one upstairs.

  Doctor Moran and I went to bed
early. Indeed, we had to, for that brac-
ing mountain air so stimulated us to
physical activity during the day that
evening found us too sleepy to stay
awake. We slept soundly all night long;
and, when I rose and looked out at the
round, bright sun as it topped the east-
ern hills, I thought that I had never
seen a more idyllic spot, nor one more
conducive to wholesome, simple living.

  Before two hours had passed, I was
disillusioned.

  Mrs. Manew was nowhere to be seen.
The medical examiner and I breakfasted
alone, served by Elvira Raggles, and
that slattern seemed unusually distrait
and clumsy. She spilled coffee down
my back, gave us vinegar instead of
maple sirup, and broke three dishes.
Her eyes were red and swollen, and she
sniffled constantly. She must have
caught cold, I thought.

  Indeed, she seemed so distressed and
upset that I sought to puf her at ease.
Casting about for a topic, I remembered
that hideous, hydrocephalic child of
hers, and the obvious affection she had
shown it.

  “How's your baby, Elvira?” I in-
quired casually. “Not sick, I hope? I
haven’t seen her for several days.”

  I expected her to brighten up at this,
for, when her child was mentioned, her
64

Detective Story Magazine

dull eyes would usually shine, so that
she seemed almost human. But instead
she set down her tray with a clatter,
and threw a soiled apron over her face
and began to blubber outright. Then
she fled, stumbling over her own feet
and nearly falling, and the kitchen door
slammed behind her.

  I glanced ruefully at my companion.
“I said the wrong thing, evidently. Do
you suppose the child is really sick?
Maybe we ought to-”

  Doctor Moran grunted. “It would
be a mercy,” he began, and then, char-
acteristically, softened. “I hope not.
Poor brat! We’ll ask Mrs. Manew
when she comes in.”

  But she did not come in, and Elvira
failed to answer repeated summons. So
we finished our breakfast without fur-
ther attention, and after it procured
caps and sticks and set out for the
Skelly house, a few rods away.

  That was a beautiful morning. The
air was balmy and soft, like that of an
rtalian spring, yet subtly bracing. Al-
ready. heat waves began to shimmer
upward from the hard-packed road, and
all around the horizon the soft haze of
Indian summer made the harsh outlines
of the mountains diaphanous as mist. I
sniffed the clear, sweet air, laden with a
resinous fragrance tinged with the scent
of distant burning leaves, and sighed.

  “It’s a mighty good old world,” I
said. “It’s hard to believe that this
same sun shines on New York City.
There the very air is heavy with pov-
erty and sordidness and vice and crime;
here, everything seems sweet and
wholesome.” And I laughed at my own
sentimentality; yet what I.said seemed
true.

  The medical examiner stopped short
in the road. His great, square face
turned purple; he shook a thick fore-
finger beneath my nose.

  “Simpleton,” he rumbled, deep in his
barrel chest. Then his voice leaped to
a shrill falsetto of apparent fury.

“Idiot, idiot, idiot!” he shrilled.
“Crime, says he; and vice, he says.
Johnny Pelton, I tell you that the worst
sinks of the gas-house district are Sun-
day schools compared to this pernicious
spot!”

  Abruptly, his angry color faded. He
took his finger from beneath my nose,
stared at it intently, as though to see if
T had bitten it, and thrust both big
hands into his trouser pockets.

  “Such wordy disputations are undig-
nified, Johnny Pelton,” he continued in
his usual deep bass. “You should strive
to control your evil temper, Johnny, my
fine lad.” He grinned at me amiably
and impudently. “Be calm, Johnny, as
I am. And remember that there are
worse things than open crime. Much
worse, Johnny Pelton! Very much
worse!”

  I was impressed in spite of myself by
his obvious sincerity; yet I did not
wholly grasp his meaning. “You mean,”
Tasked, instinctively lowering my voice,
though there was no one in sight, “you
mean this witchcraft stuff you’ve been
talking about?”

  “Maybe,” the doctor answered crypti-
cally. “Maybe you’ll see for yourself
before very long.”

  We had reached the Skelly farm, and
turned off the main road into the drive
which led to the house and that big,
red barn. Mounting the back steps,
Doctor Moran tapped at the kitchen
door—for in the country, one avoids
the front entrance of any house, save
on ceremonial occasions, such as a wed-
ding, or a funeral.

  No one was in sight. Mr. Skelly, a
red-faced, inarticulate, bristly chinned
individual, was in his fields, no doubt ;
and his wife must be at her household
tasks. But it was strange that Baby
Ruth was not out, this gorgeous morn-
ing.

  Doctor Moran rapped again, but no
one opened the door. He hesitated, his
face very grave, and laid his ear against

            DS—4C
Satan’s Wood

65

the wood. Listening, I fancied I could
hear faint sobbing from within.

  “What-” I began. But the medi-
cal examiner waited for no speculation.
He opened the door softly, and went in.
and I followed at his heels.

  We entered a big, roomy, pleasant
kitchen. It was spotlessly clean; the
very dishes on the dresser shone. At
our left stood a table covered by a red-
and-white cloth, and littered with dishes
which still held remnants of a cold meal.
That was an alien note in this meticu-
lous cleanliness; it spoke with silent
eloquence of trouble.

  For an instant, my eyes had been
dazzled from the bright sunlight with-
out ; then they cleared, and I could see
the rest of the big room. At my left,
away from the windows, stood a spot-
less kitchen range, and beside it a high
chair in which sat a child. It was
wrapped and bundled to the ears, and its
back was toward me, but I supposed it
was Baby Ruth.

  But I was struck more by her moth-
er's occupation. For Mrs. Skelly stood
bent over the cookstove, one of whose
lids had been lifted so that the fire with-
in flared up through it smokily. The
young woman’s face was pallid and
swollen with hopeless grief. Her eyes
w'ere red and dull, and she kept them
fixed upon her task. And that task
was so bizarre that I exclaimed aloud.

  Broken eggshells littered the floor.
Mrs. Skelly held a small, wire-mesh
strainer, on which was balanced half of
an empty eggshell, which she was hold-
ing over the fire as though to broil it.

  Stranger yet, the eggshell was full of
water. And even as I stared at it, the
water began to bubble and boil in that
extraordinary container.

  “What on earth-” I began.

To be continued in next week’s issue

  The young woman did not look up.
She was unconscious of our presence.
She stared across the fire at the child
opposite, her sick heart in her eyes, her
soft lips parted in unbearable, despair-
ing expectancy.

   As I watched, the faint spark of hope
died away. Her mouth corners drew
down, and she sobbed thickly, but her
dull, reddened eyes were dry. “It’s no
use—no use!” she groaned, and dropped
to the floor and crouched there in a hud-
dled, hopeless little heap, heart-wrench-
ingly pitiful.

  “No use! No use! The charm won’t
work, and she’s gone. My baby’s gone
—lost!’’

   I was still bewildered, but the medical
examiner was white and grim and pur-
poseful. He strode over to the crouch-
ing girl—for she was nothing more—
and lifted her gently.

  “Tell me, Marie; has anything hap-
pened to Baby Ruth?”

  Meanwhile, thinking to comfort her
by the sight of her child, I had gone to
the high chair to lift her. As I moved,
the little creature in that chair stirred,
and turned slowly to face me.

  It w'as not Baby Ruth!

  Ah, merciful Heaven, what could it
mean, this horrid metamorphosis! This
creature wras sickly, unwholesome, its
skin mottled and broken out. Its face
was pinched and tiny beneath a huge,
bulging, hydrocephalic dome—a head
like a pumpkin. It stared at me with
bright, black eyes that seemed to hold a
mocking, evil wisdom, so that I shud-
dered.

  And then 1 heard the heartbroken
mother’s wail.

  “Changeling! Oh, the changeling.
Oh, have mercy! Doctor, the Little
People have taken my baby.”
f DETECTIVE STORY MAGAZINE.

CHARLOTTE DOCKSTADER, always a favorite, gives us
 “THE BLIND EYE OF JUSTICE,” in next week’s issue.
 DS-5C
His Fast One

HE’D SEEN ETERNITY LOOKING OUT OF GUNS TOO
OFTEN TO GET WEAK-KNEED NOW.

By Donald Van Riper

Author of “Call to Victory,” etc.

JUST wanted to be sure,”
rumbled Allen Spenser. “The
rumor reached me, and,
though I really did not credit
it, nevertheless, I thought I’d better
stop in and remind you that to-morrow
is something more than the day of exe-
cution for' Rossman;”

  “I’m hardly apt to forget,” said the
governor with a measured smile, “that
to-morrow is primary day.”

  “And,” added Spenser pointedly,
"that I need but say the word and you
will fail to be renominated by the party.
You may sign a stay of execution for
Rossman, but, if you do, it will be your
final important act as a public, official.
Tt will mean you are through.”

  The governor nodded and contrived
another smile as Allen Spenser stood
looking back from the door of his office.

Spenser was too big a power to be de-
fied. He must be nodded to, smiled at,
and obeyed. That Spenser’s attitude
was spiced with a desire for personal
vengeance against the man condemned
made the governor’s acquiescence a
foregone conclusion.

  “As a matter of public policy,” thun-
dered Spenser, “there must be no le-
niency for cold-blooded killing crooks
like Rossman.” He dropped his voice
discreetly lower before he thrust a re-
minder of his own peculiar personal in-
terest at the governor. “And the man
he killed was my own most trusted em-
ployee, the head of my factories, a man

I	would have been proud to own as my
son.”

  “I understand,” said the governor.
He bowed slightly but with a world of
deference in the action.
His Fast One

67

  As the door slammed ■ behind Spen-
ser, he straightened and stood there
scowling at the place where Spenser had
stood. There was a calculating com-
pression of the lips, a thoughtful nar-
rowing of the eyes, and not the least
trace of a smile remained upon his face
now. He was double crossing Allen
Spenser, but the latter would never
know until it was too late. Once let the
party renominate him and he would be
as good as reelected. All the power,
prestige and wealth of Allen Spenser
could not balk him once he had the nom-
ination. To-morrow, as Spenser had
needlessly pointed out, was indeed a
very important day in the career of Gov-
ernor William Courtney.

  To-morrow was primary day. To-
morrow morning at seven, Rossman
was to be executed. If the news of a
stay of that execution became known
in time, Spenser might easily balk Gov-
ernor William Courtney’s ambition.
Defeat in a party primary would finish
him. Victory in the primary—and
nothing could halt his subsequent elec-
tion.

  W’illiam Courtney's plan of action in
die case of the condemned man, Ross-
man, was to grant the stay of execution
at the eleventh hour. If the fact of
that stay of execution became known
only a minute or two before seven on
the morrow, there would be scant time
left for Allen Spenser to strike back.
Much early voting would be done be-
fore the news would be on the streets.
By the time the full force of Allen
Spenser’s opposition could be known,
the issue would probably be settled ir-
revocably in favor of Courtney.

  Governor William Courtney ! It was
a long and curious way which he had
traveled to reach this place of power
and the marks of it were clear in the
furrowed lines of his face and the pure
gray of his hair. It was a queer, bit-
ter, double-crossing business. In the
primary he feared the opposition of

Spenser. In the election itself it was
the power of men like “Big Jack” Ban-

11	igan that he dreaded.

  Only through holding back that stay
of execution until the last possible min-
ute could he hope to handled the two
opposing pressures which threatened
him with political extinction. Too late
would Allen Spenser learn that the gov-
ernor had signed the stay. Big Jack
Bannigan cared not how or when it was
done so long as there was no execution
on the morrow. It would be close work,
touch and go, but then that was the sort
of trickery through which men like Wil-
liam Courtney gained their ends.

  Courtney knew this game and the
men who played it. He knew that the
vital thing to-morrow was not whether
Rossman should live .or die, but
whether he, Courtney, should be renom-
inated. Therefore he was not surprised
when Big Jack Bannigan put iri an ap-
pearance within half an hour after Al-
len Spenser had departed.

  “Say, Bill,” began Bannigan without
any preliminary of courtesy. “I just
got the word that Spenser had been
here to see you, and that he was laying
down the law about Rossman.”

  “Your information,” answered Gov-
ernor William Courtney, “was approx-
imately correct.”

  “Say,” snapped Bannigan, “you can
lay off the ninety-eight-cent words and
talk plain five and ten to me. What I
came to see about is whether you’re
staying put on signing Rossman off for
thirty days more.”

  Governor William Courtney smiled
easily. That easy smile was not the
least significant element in his ascent
from the depths of ward politics to his
present place at the top position within
the gift of the State’s electorate. A
smile, faintly humorous and yet pos-
sessed of a brooding appearance of wis-
dom! A smile which had ever stood
him in good stead! Now he waited for
the full effect of that smile to work
68

Detective Story Magazine

upon Big Jack Bannigan before he
spoke again.

  “I’ve already arranged everything.’’
Big Jack Bannigan’s frown softened
a bit at that. “I knew you would, Bill.”
“But Spenser doesn’t know it yet, and
he must not know it until the last pos-
sible minute. You must not tell any
one—not a single soul—that just a few
minutes before seven to-morrow morn-
ing the stay of execution will be deliv-
ered to Warden Lafarge. I can give
you positive assurance that Rossman
will not die to-morrow. Of course I
just told Spenser a lie. I told him that
Rossman would die.”

  “For a high hatter that guy Spenser
sure is bloodthirsty,” commented Ban-
nigan. “Just because Rossman and
some other gun toters happened to kill
Spenser’s right-hand man in swiping
that big pay roll from Spenser’s fac-
tory, why should Spenser follow up a
thing like that into politics?”

  “Why,” countered Courtney, “should
a bunch of Reds try to make Rossman
out as a political martyr ? It was Ross-
man’s own friends who first put a po-'
litical slant to this business.”

  “Why?” Bannigan laughed heavily.
“A guy with your experience asking
that. The only real reason in the world.
There’s money in it for some one.”
“How’s that?”

  Bannigan grinned. “I can’t tell you
the source of my info, but I got it on
the level that it was Rossman who got
away with the jack from the robbery.
And before he was picked up, he had
hidden it away somewhere, and no one
else knew where he stowed it. There
was just about fifty thousand dollars
in the haul. And if Rossman dies to-
morrow, he will take the secret of that
hiding place with him. A wise guy this
Rossman! Nothing like telling where
the jack is for him. He just let his pals
know that it was up to them to save
him or else they never would get a cent
of that loot. Not so dumb, eh?”

  “Not so dumb,” echoed Courtney.

  “And fifty grand isn’t light money
any time,” added Bannigan. “So you
can see why they are trying so hard to
spring Rossman.”

  “And,” mused Courtney, “because of
money on one side and personal desire
for vengeance on the other, my whole
career is at stake. Imagine that! A
cheap gunman affecting the governor of
the State.”

  Again Bannigan laughed loudly.
“Honest, Bill, you make me laugh. Be-
ing called his excellency and honorable,
and all that bunk sure has made a dif-
ference in your slant on such stuff.
Why, you know as well as I do that
this political game just smells with
money deals and personal vengeance;
whether you’re a governor wanting an-
other term like you or just a city bo6S
like me doesn’t make any difference. As
for cheap gunmen, you might just as
well have developed into one of them
if it hadn’t been for me. It’s a tough
game no matter which way you go, any-
way. ‘Up from the streets’ sounds
good, but I always ask that old one
whenever I hear it. You know that old
question about ‘How far is up’? Ain’t
it the truth, Bill?”

  Courtney nodded grudgingly. He
could not bring himself to say it, but
there was a world of truth in what Ban-
nigan said. He was a sham, a bluff.
He would bargain and connive and
trade in life or money, do anything and
everything, in fact, which would pro-
mote his personal ambitions. The Hon-
orable William Courtney was a fictive
creature, a person of appearances only.
Underneath, he was still plain Bill
Courtney, still a potential gunman just
as Bannigan had said.

  “And you’re sure there can’t be any
slip-up?” demanded Bannigan. “Sup-
pose you got everything fixed to be fool-
proof?”

  “Absolutely,” answered Courtney.
“I’m waiting now to hear from Whit-
His Fast One

69

ney, my secretary. He ought to phone
me any minute now that he’s on the
scene in the town of Gorham.”

  Bannigan whistled with slow sig-
nificance.

  “What’s wrong with that ?” demanded
Courtney.

  “How long do you think it will be be-
fore some one wises Spenser up that
your secretary is in Gorham ? And how'
long do you think it will be before Spen-
ser decides that your secretary being in
the same town with the State’s prison
might have some meaning to-night?”
“A long, long while,” sighed Court-
ney. “Whitney’s reservation at the ho-
tel there was made for a party named
McDonald. And McDonald will be a
flashy-looking fellow—all decked out
with jewelry and sporty-looking clothes.
\lso McDonald will be all fixed up with
this artificial sun-tan stuff. If any one
can recognize my calm, quiet, easy-going
secretary in that rig, it will be a miracle.
vlcDonald signs in to-night. Leaves a
call for half past five to-morrow morn-
ing. Checks out in the morning and
goes straight to the prison, hands
Warden Lafarge the stay of execution
just at the last possible moment.”
“Kinda hard-boiled yet yourself,” ob-
served Bannigan. “You ain’t figuring
what a fine night poor Rossman is go-
ing to have, are you?”

  “Rossman,” answered Courtney,
“doesn’t figure. He’s guilty if ever a
man was.”

  Bannigan nodded in agreement. “No
denying that, but just the same he’ll
do some tall worrying to-night.”

  “Let him,” said Courtney. “What I
must have is your solemn oath, Banni-
gan, that you won’t tell a soul. You and
Whitney and myself are the only people
in the world who have any idea that
there is to be an eleventh-hour stay
granted Rossman. Not another soul
dare know. Understand?”

  Bannigan understood. There was a
grudging admiration in the nod of as-

sent. There was no gainsaying that
William Courtney was handling a hair-
trigger situation far better than the
average man would have done. Long
before this, another man would have
definitely broken either with Spenser or
Bannigan. Courtney had taken a bet-
ter course. Too late Spenser would
hear of that executive reprieve. A few
minutes before seven that stay would
become operative, and at seven the
primary voting would begin through-
out the State. To-morrow morning
would be too late for Allen Spenser to
block Courtney at the polls.

  Bannigan glanced at his watch. Ten
o’clock! Nine more hours until the
time set for the execution of Rossman!
Nine more hours until the polls were
open for the primary election!

  Down in the village of Gorham a
bleak-eyed, pallid-faced man put into
words part of the unspoken thought of
Bannigan. There were two of them in
the little room in the Mansion House
on Gorham’s main street. The speaker,
Lon Jerome, was clearly dejected. He
had a right to be low in his mind. So,
too, did his companion, “Rat” Fallon.
They were mourning the fact of Ross-
man’s execution, mourning, however, in
a peculiar, “financial” type of reasoning.

  “Nine more hours, Rat, and they
bump off Rossman.”

  Rat nodded with more than a trace
of anger. “And we don’t know any-
more about where he stowed the loot
than we ever did. The rotten double-
crossing dog gave us a fine break. Tell-
ing us that the way to get our share was
to spring him out of the death house.
Here we been using our own jack and
breaking our necks trying to to get him
out of it, and the thanks we get is noth-
ing. And of all the bum ideas, this one
of yours to come up and see him to-day
was the worst.”

  “I notice you came along,” sneered
Lon Jerome.

  Rat Fallon’s tiny, jet eyes gleamed at
70

Detective Story Magazine

that. “And why not? If he was going'
to spill any info about where he shoved
that loot, I wanted to be in on it, too.”
“You’re about as trusting as a bank
president,” sighed Jerome.

 “And why not?” countered Rat
Fallon. “After this fast one that Ross-
man pulled on us, I ain’t trusting any-
body. And here we are in this hick
town of Gorham wasting our time.
Nine more hours before they give Ross-
man the hot seat, and it might as well
be nine minutes for all we can do about
it.”

  “There’s still a chance that Big Jack
Bannigan can pull something. Even if
it is only a stay, it would give us thirty
days to work on Rossman. And if he
gets a stay, he’ll have to admit we been
doing our best to spring him.”

  "If he gets a stay. If is right. Big
jack Bannigan may be a big shot in
the city, but he hasn’t got the governor
of the State under his thumb.”

"Just the same, there’s a chance.”
"We got as much chance as a couple
of five hundred to-one shots in the Ken-
tucky Derby. Me—I’m not hoping any
more.”

  "There’s always a chance,” insisted
Lon Jerome. He spoke bravely enough,
but the look in his slaty gray eyes be-
lied his words.

  “Yeah,” snarled Rat Fallon. “I’ve
been sitting here in this cheap dump of
a hotel room waiting for you to come
back and thinking plenty.”

  “Thinking?”

  The jeering tone did not escape Rat’s
attention, but he ignored it. “I’ve been
thinking that, when it comes time for
him to sit down in the chair, a yellow,
double-crossing hound like Rossman is
apt to blab the whole works. That
would be nice, wouldn't it? Us right
here in town waiting to get nabbed!
Suppose he says that it was you and
me that was in on that pay-roll killing
with him.”

  “Any other pleasant little thoughts?”

  “Yeah, I been thinking what a pile
of jack and time we’ve wasted trying to
get the truth out of him about where
he hid the jack.”

  Little by little. Rat Fallon’s voice had
risen under the stress of his futile,
seething anger. "You better think in
whispers,” hissed Jerome. “No telling
who’s in the next room in a hotel.”
"The devil take this hotel,” muttered
Rat Fallon. “Me—I'm going back to
the city right away. You can hang
around here if you want to, but I’ve
given up hoping. Maybe you like being
stony broke, but not me. I got to get
out of this hick prison town and get
to the city. And the first shot I get at
easy money I’m gonna grab it.”

  “Listen, Rat, I might as well tell you.
Rossman told me to-day that, if he got
a stay, he’d come clean about where he
hid the fifty grand.”

  “I should worry,” answered Fallon.
“There’s not much chance of his getting
a stay. It’s in the cards that he gets
the big jolt to-morrow morning at seven
o’clock. You mean to say that Banni-
gan wouldn’t let you know if the gov-
ernor had kicked in with a stay of
execution ?”

  “Give him time. Maybe he’ll phone
any minute.”

  “And, more likely, he won't. Noth-
ing doing, Lon! I'm going to shuffle
along to the station and grab the next
train to the city.”

  Rat Fallon had risen and jammed on
his derby at its cockiest angle. He
spoke finally from the door. “See you
in town to-morrow, Lon.”

  Lon Jerome did not answer. He was
too deep in the grip of despair for
speech. He and Rat had tried every-
thing, done everything and failed. And
now-the conviction was firm upon him
that Big Jack Bannigan’s trip to see the
governor had likewise failed. And to
think that a stay of execution would
have meant that Rossman would talk!
Just a stay of execution! Once Ross-
His Fast One

71

man talked and told the location of the
loot, Lon Jerome did not care how fast
the law finished him. Rossman was
guilty enough. Only good luck that
Lon Jerome and Rat Fallon had escaped
the same fate. Rossman had not
squealed at any rate.

  Rat Fallon, having decided to leave
the village of Gorham, wasted no time
about getting down to the station.

  “Next south-bound train is due in
half an hour,” said the man in the ticket
window. “North-bound coming in right
now.”

  Whereupon Rat Fallon purchased a
ticket for the city and ambled out to
the platform. Half an hour to wait.
He watched the north-bound train
slowly coming into the station.

  Railroad stations were among the
valuable observation points for men of
Rat Fallon’s crooked stamp, and there-
fore, in spite of this being a hick town,
he instinctively measured the alighting
passengers. Who knew when a fellow
might sight fair game for the purposes
of a stick-up artist? If so, there was
a lot that a fellow could do in half an
hour, especially when he considered that
this station was well away from the
brighter part of the town.

  The third and last passenger caught
more than a passing glance of interest
from Rat’s close-set eyes. He looked
like ready money. Rat’s eyes narrowed
still further as he caught the sparkle of
a big diamond ring as the fellow stood
indecisively for a moment. He followed
with guarded glance as the man walked
inside the station.

  Back in the office of the governor, the
phone bell was ringing. Bannigan
watched and listened as Courtney spoke
in guarded, careful monosyllables into
the receiver. After a minute or so,
Courtney replaced the receiver and
beamingly looked upon Big Jack Ban-
nigan.

  “That was Whitney. He just phoned

me from the railroad station at Gor-
ham. His train was a few minutes late.
But he’s there now. So there is no need
to worry about any slip-ups. He said
he would get along up to the hotel and
be on the job bright and early to-mor-
row morning. Everything is set now for
that eleventh-hour stay of execution.”
Big Jack Bannigan nodded, and a
grudging look of admiration shone in
his eyes. This man Courtney knew how
to play the game for all there was in
it. He pulled out his watch once more.
“Only eight and a half hours till—
till-”

  “Till the polls open,” concluded Gov-
ernor William Courtney. He said it
with that easy smile which had helped
to carry him so far. Courtney was
mightily pleased with himself.

  It was the feeble gray of dawn out-
side the prison when Rossman handed
the chaplain a folded sheet of paper.

  “After it’s all over,” said Rossman,
“you can turn that over to the warden.
You see. I’m not the praying kind, but
I figure you’ll see that every one knows
that what the message says there is true.
It’ll tell them where I stowed the loot
from the robbery. I told my—my—
the rats that were with me that, if they
could get a stay, even I would tell them
where the loot was. But they didn’t
come through. So after I’m—I’m gone
—you can see that the loot goes to the
people it belongs to.”

  “Then you really are guilty?”
“Whoever thought I wasn’t,” was
Rossman’s crisp answer. “Sure, I’m
guilty, but no other crooks are going to
get a penny of that loot.”

  “And have you no word of repent-
ance ?”

  Rossman laughed. “Repentance?
It’s just a few years too late for that,
chaplain. I’m not going to sing psalms
at the eleventh hour. And no use to
remind me about eternity. I’ve seen
eternity looking out of guns at me too
72

Detective Story Magazine

many times to get weak in the knees
now.”

  “Even at the eleventh hour, as you
call it,” said the chaplain, “it is not too
late to repent.”

  Rossman’s only answer was a half
articulate laugh. It was his final ges-
ture for the mob on the corner. He
must not weaken now. He must show
them that Rossman had known how to
die.

  He must walk when it was time as
nonchalantly as though that grim cor-
ridor outside led to freedom and not
death. He must laugh just once again
when they led him to the chair. The
mob on the corner must read that Ross-
man had died as he had lived—hard-
boiled.

  They would read, too, the real truth
about the loot. They would all know
that Rossman had kept his word, that
he had given back the loot rather than
let his unknown partners share the
wealth which had cost Rossman his life.

  The thought braced him. He could
imagine Lon Jerome and Rat Fallon
reading the news. He could .shut his
eyes and vision up the headlines that
would tell the story. “Condemned Re-
veals Loot.” “Rossman Tells Where
Money Was Hidden.”

  So he laughed and then refused to
repent.

  That same gray light of daybreak saw
Big Jack Bannigan abroad. He must
be out early, mustering the votes for
Courtney. He must see that the early
votes were cast before the word came
of that last-minute reprieve for Ross-
man. He must do all he could before
Allen Spenser should turn in futile and
belated rage against Courtney.

  He wondered just how many hours
would pass before the papers would be
blazoning that surprising story of the
last-minute stay of execution for Ross-
man. He wondered just how long
thereafter Allen Spenser would throw
all the weight of his influence against

Courtney's renomination. It was, he
reflected, a queer world where a gover-
norship hung in the balance over a man
who was nothing but a cheap and ruth-
less crook.

  If that stay gave the crook’s lawyers
a chance, they might yet save Ross-
man’s life. To think that the governor
would chance that for the votes that
he, Big Jack Bannigan, controlled! It
was enough to make Bannigan heave
out his chest and grin broadly as he
started out to the polls. He must hurry
and be the first in his district to vote
for William Courtney.

  Promptly at seven o’clock. Big Jack
Bannigan stepped into the booth to vote.
In another district, at the same hour,
Allen Spenser did likewise.

  Promptly at seven o’clock on that
same morning, the station master at the
village of Gorham swung through the
short-cut cross lots back of the station.
Suddenly he halted. Some one lay
there in the path, groaning.

  The man on the ground stared wildly
up at him. “I’ve called for help for
hours. I’m nearly paralyzed. Can't
move.”

  “What happened to you?” gasped the
railroader.

  “I must have been slugged—black-
jacked—robbed.” The man’s face was
a picture of agony. “The time! I must
know the time.”

  “Seven o’clock.” Automatically the
railroader pulled out his watch. “One
minute after—railroad time. What you
need, mister, is a doctor.”

  The injured man on the ground had
not answered. With a gasping, horror-
ridden groan, he had lapsed into uncon-
sciousness.

  A few hours later extras were being
cried through the city streets. Here
was a story that was news indeed: The
governor’s messenger had been waylaid
and slugged while bearing the reprieve
papers to Warden Lafarge. Rossman
had disclosed the hiding place of the
His Fast One

73

loot and freely admitted his guilt before
he died. But for the murderous attack
by some unknown footpad, a man who
had already admitted his guilt, would
have received the governor’s reprieve.

  Here was news, indeed, for Allen
Spenser and for Big Jack Bannigan.
Especially was this news for Rat Fal-
lon. He read and reread the story until
his head fairly buzzed.

  In his pocket was the money he had
taken from his victim: twenty-one dol-
lars and seventy-five cents. The ring
had been junk, the diamond not even a
fair imitation. He had thrown that
away.

  He sadly tossed aside several papers
from his victim’s pocket. Suddenly, his
own relation to the whole affair dawned
on Rat Fallon. One of those papers had
been the stay of execution. In that one
swift, impulsive crime, Rat Fallon had
blocked the eleventh-hour reprieve for
Rossman. He had tossed aside with
those papers the very document which
would have meant that Rossman would
live a bit longer and that he would have
told Lon Jerome and Rat Fallon where
the loot might be found. He had actu-
ally thrown away fifty thousand dollars
aside there in the gloom of that cross-
lots short cut to the Gorham station.

  To the governor’s office, meanwhile,
there had come two very hostile mes-
sages. Spenser’s voice had been edged
with malice as it came over the phone.

  “You were trying to double cross me,
Courtney. I’m out to beat you now.”

  Big Jack Bannigan’s message was to
the same effect. “So you tried to pull
a fast one. Had this phony slugging
take place so that the stay couldn’t get
through."

  To deny, to argue, to plead—these
things were all in vain. Courtney knew
better than to try. Both Spenser and
Big Jack Bannigan were against him.
The old familiar way of deception and
double dealing which had raised him up
would now hurl him down again.

  After a bit he decided to slink away.
From the street he could see the great
stone figure of Justice atop the build-
ing which he quitted. He saw it now
with a new and understanding look
Blind Justice! There were the band-
aged-eyes, the balanced scales, and the
mighty sword. Blind Justice! Here-
tofore he had thought of it as a great,
unreasoning figure of stone. Now he
knew it for a symbol of a mighty force
of Fate, a power that even at the elev-
enth hour could measure out punish-
ment against the transgressor.

CHINESE WAS GREEK TO HIM

ALTHOUGH the duties of a policeman are many and his qualifications too
numerous to mention, there are times when he sadly falls down. One of these
times happened to a New York detective the other day. He arrested a Chinaman
on a charge of possessing policy slips. The supposed offender was sixty years old
and president of one of the important Chinese societies.

    The “policy slips” were translated in Tombs Court, and read as follows:
“The dragon will walk the eternal paths of glory and the lion shall be exercised.
Would that our ancestors bring on to us only fair skies with shining suns.” When
it was found that the strange characters represented extracts from “One Thousand
Classics of Chinese Verse,” the venerable Chinaman was released.

    The detective who was responsible for the arrest is thinking seriously of
going to night school to study the Oriental language so that he will not make a
monkey of himself again.
 The Chinese Tub

OUT OF A PEACEFUL EXISTENCE, SHE WAS LIFTED
INTO DANGEROUS ADVENTURE.

By Edgar P. Meynell

Author of “Marked for Death,” etc.

CHAPTER I.

BLACKMAIL.

S Helen Riddel opened the
door of her roadster, that
bright September afternoon,
something indefinite, some-
thing which she was never afterward
able to explain or to understand, drew
her head around.

   The car was standing at the curb,
' outside Messinger’s Department Store.
At this time of the day—three o’clock—-
the wide, concrete walk was crowded
with shoppers. Helen saw the solid
stream of faces, saw the gay autumn
frocks of the girls and women, which
made them look like brightly colored
flowers in an old-fashioned garden.
And then she saw Theo Bursley.

  She hadn’t seen him for years, and he
had changed decidedly, she realized even
in that first glance, and not for the bet-
ter. His face was deeply tanned, his
eyes, which for a moment held hers,
were narrowed and calculating; alto-
gether there was something predatory
and dangerous in the face of this man
whom she had once thought she loved.
A shudder ran through her flesh. She
slid quickly into the car, and, next mo-
ment, was swinging hurriedly out from
the curb.

  She had completed her shopping, and
now she drove home and into the two-
car garage adjoining the house. Five
minutes later she was in her room, her
purchases thrown on the day bed. her
wide, excited eyes studying the face that
looked out at her from her mirror.

1X1
The Chinese Tub

75

  That face had changed, too, she real-
ized, in the days since that early love
affair. She had been a girl then, and
now she was a woman. Mere girlish
prettiness had changed to something
fuller, richer, deeper. A look had come
into her eyes—the expression of serene
expectancy which comes to a woman
who loves, and is deeply loved in return.
She had been happy, every day of her
married life. Not that there weren’t
little things, such as Jim’s unreasoning
jealousy and his preoccupation with
business; but she looked upon these de-
tails as really evidence of his love for
her. She was the only woman in the
world for him, as he often told her, and
he didn’t want other men looking at her
with that hungry expression he always
read into their glances. That made him
jealous. And he wanted her to have
everything she had ever dreamed of
having, and that made him industrious.
She had been very happy. She had
come a long ways since she and Theo
used to hold hands. A vivid flush, al-
most of shame, swept over her face as
she thought of her agony when he had
gone away to a distant city. She could
feel again the hot tears that had flowed
down over her cheeks.

  A tap at the door brought her slowly
around. She had been so immersed in
those old memories that, for an instant,
she was unable to place herself. Bea-
trice, one of the maids, opened the door
in response to her low-spoken command.

  “A man to see you, Mrs. Riddel!”

  The girl’s keen, inquisitive eyes were
fastened on her face. Helen knew that
she must look startled, almost fright-
ened.

 “A man? Did he give you his
name ?”

  “He didn’t give his name, but he said
you would be expecting him!”

  Helen turned back toward her dress-
ing table. Yes, she had been expecting
him, although she had tried to hide the
truth from herself. She knew who the

caller was, without asking additional
questions.

  “Tell him I will be down in a few
minutes,” she said, without turning her
head.

  By the time she went down the wide
staircase that led into the reception hall,
she had partially mastered her excite-
ment. Her heart was still beating fast
and hard, but she felt that her eyes were
steady and that her manner would not
betray her. She entered the east room,
into which visitors were always shown,
and stood for a moment silently apprais-
ing the dark, lean face turned upon her
own. Yes, he had changed—terribly.
Instinctively she seemed to glimpse the
formidable adventures he had passed
through, which had brought him to this.

  “You have a good memory for faces,
my dear!” Theo Bursley said in a low,
purring voice. “I’ve changed, and you
could hardly have been expecting me.
But you knew me in an instant. Why
did you run away?”

  Helen felt her hard-won self-control
slipping away from her. Her lips
parted, one hand came slowly up toward
her throat. Then she turned toward
the French windows which opened into
the garden.

  “Come out here, if you must talk tc
me!” she said.

  She hardly recognized her own voice
It was thick and unsteady.

  He followed her, without comment
When they had gone down the steps
into the garden, he strode along at her
side. They reached a summerhouse,
and Helen mutely gestured for him to
enter and seat himself.

  “Now what is it you want?” she de-
manded, standing before him.

 “Want? My dear Helen-”

  “Don’t dare call me that! I am Mrs.
Riddel!”

  “Ah, yes, so I have learned. But
why all the heroics?”

  Why, indeed? Again she fought
valiantly with her fear. She was play-
76

Detective Story Magazine

ing her hand very badly. After a mo-
ment she sat down, some distance from
where he was sitting.

  “Forgive me!” she murmured. “You
certainly startled me. I thought you
were dead.”

  “It was necessary for you to think
that. I was dead—to you! I had to
disappear, and I did it very completely.
As a matter of fact, I am a dead man
now. Theo Bursley died, and was hur-
ried. I am only his ghost!”

  She was reacting from her excite-
ment. She forced herself to relax, to
sit quietly back, listening to his low,
purring voice. Even that had changed.

  “Yes?” she said. “Of course, I don’t
understand!”

  “Of course, you don’t. It’s hardly
necessary. I got into trouble—terrible
trouble. Never mind just what it was.
Even a ghost can feel fear. I had to
make my exit from the drama, and
leave you and the others to their own
devices. Of course, I knew you
wouldn’t break your heart over me, in
spite of those letters you wrote!. Pretty
hot letters, Mrs. Riddel! I still have
them!”

  She had known that, too. Those let-
ters—written with all the heat and
ardor of her “puppy love!” Innocent
letters, but so foolish, so easily misun-
derstood !

  “You have them?” she murmured.
“Yes, dear lady! I have them, and
they are for sale!”

  Everything that had lain hidden in
her deeper mind was now openly ex-
pressed. She had known, in that mo-
ment when she looked into the hungry,
threatening eyes of this man out of the
past, that he would follow her home,
that he had those schoolgirl love letters
of hers, and that he would threaten her
with them!

  A voice sounded from the direction
of the house.

  “Helen! Oh, Helen!”

  Helen Riddel was on her feet, was

standing in the doorway of the summer-
house, speaking tensely over her shoul-
der.

  “Stay here! I’ll come back when I
can!”

  She flew along the graveled path and
uj) the steps. Jim stood in one of the
open French windows, looking smilingly
down.

  “Enjoying the roses?” he inquired.
“You might have brought poor old
hubby one!”

  “I was in too much of a hurry when
I heard you calling,” Helen told him,
and blushed hotly at the ironic truth of
her statement.

  Jim was looking strangely at her. She
didn’t imagine it; there was a spark of
Suspicion or of uneasiness in his eyes.
He slipped an arm round her and led
her back into the east room.

  “Dinner nearly ready?” he asked—
and now she was sure he was trying to
make his voice sound casual.

  “Come on, we’ll see!”

  She wasn’t taking any chances on
leaving him alone. He might saunter
out into the garden, and her heart gave
a great smothered throb when she
thought of what might happen if he
found Theo Bursley, sitting in the sum-
merhouse. It wasn’t only that Jim’s
jealousy would suddenly'be quickened
into flaming life. He might be in dan-
ger—physical danger—from the ter-
rible creature lurking there!

  Dinner was ready. They .sat down in
the pleasant dining room, and Jim talked
casually of the events of his day. Helen
always tried to show her interest in
these things. To-night it was not diffi-
cult. She was immensely interested in
every word her husband uttered, in
every glance he gave her. The impres-
sion grew upon her that he was uneasy,
was watching her.

  And then suddenly he spoke.

  “There’s 110 use hiding my guilty
secret any longer, old dear, or trying
to hide it. You’ve been watching me
The Chinese Tub

77

like a hawk ever since, I came home.
You. knew, you little rascal, I’ve got a
committee meeting on for to-night!
There, I don’t know whether we have

anything on or not-”

  “The Grenigers were coming over to
play bridge!’

  “Deuce take it, I knew there was
something! Well, you call them up
and-”

  “I’ll do nothing of the kind. You go
to the phone this minute and talk with
Mr. Greniger. There’s absolutely no
reason why I should always have to
break dates.”

  Jim meekly rose and laid his napkin
aside.

  “Want them to come over and keep
you company?” he asked, looking ridic-
ulously timid and apologetic.

  “Of course not! Imagine proposing
three-handed bridge to two fanatics like
the Grenigers! And bridge is all they
ever talk about. Just get yourself out
the best way you can!”

  Something deep within her listened
and criticized. What a hypocrite she
was! She was saving herself , and mak-
ing poor old Jim think he was to blame
for everything! But issues were in-
volved to-night that would brook of no
argument. She must save herself—and
him!

  Jim Riddel came back, perspiring and
red-faced.

  “Whew !” he muttered. “That wasn’t
so hot! You’d think bridge was the be-
all and the end-all of existence! Gren-
iger was quite stiff with me! Well, it
can’t be helped, and I’m more bothered
about you than about the neighbors.
You’ll have a dull evening, dear.”

  “I’ll manage. I’ve plenty of reading
in the house. Don’t worry.”

  Jim left as soon as he had finished
dinner. Having cleared up his various
difficulties, he set out for his committee
meeting with all the enthusiasm of a
small boy going to a performance of
“Uncle Tom’s Cabin.” Helen waited

five minutes, then returned to the sum-
merhouse.

  Bursley was waiting with an ominous
kind of patience.

  “Get hubby out of the way?” he said
softly, but there was a sneer in the
words, for all their velvet quality.
“Well, I’ve waited plenty long enough!
I told you that I wanted to sell those
letters of yours. You’re the logical
buyer!”

  Helen was steadier than she had been
before dinner. She stood looking down
at the crouching figure; he was like a
great spider, huddled there in the
shadow of the rose branches.

  “To think that I once fancied I loved
you!” she murmured. “You call your-
self a man, and you try to sell me the
letters I wrote you!”

  “Life has kicked me hard, and I’ve
learned to kick back. My price is one
thousand dollars, cash.”

  “A thousand dollars? Where would
I get that much money?”

  “That’s your concern. Beg, borrow
or steal it, if you haven’t it on hand.
The point is, you can get the money, and
it will be the best investment you can
make. You weren’t anxious to have
friend husband find me here. Suppose
he learns that I waited while you got
rid of him, and then reads these red-
hot letters of yours!”

  “I haven’t the money.”

  “Don’t tell me that again! I never
was patient, as you ought to remember!
Get the money, any way you see it, and
bring it to me at this address! Bring
it in person and don’t you dare try any
tricks!”

  He stood up and approached her.
She shrank back. For a moment his
hands were on her arms, the fingers
gripping down till she wanted to scream.
Then he had pushed her roughly aside
and was gliding along the garden path.

  In her quivering fingers was a scrap
of paper, which Theo Bursley had put
there.
78

Detective Story Magazine

CHAPTER II.

DONOVAN MAKES A PROMISE.

'T'HERE was an address on the scrap
of paper, Helen Riddel saw, after
she had hurried to her room and had
locked herself in with her problem. Her
fear-widened eyes took in the word and
numbers scrawled in pencil, but she had
never heard the name of the street. It
must be in some remote part of the
city.

  What ought she to do? Her eyes
came slowly up and she saw her own
face, reflected in a mirror across the
room. If Jim were to have come upon
her at this moment, nothing she could
have said would have explained the look
of stark horror he would have seen.
When she heard him calling her from
the steps leading into the garden, earlier
in the evening, she ought to have turned
Rursley over to her husband’s care.
That was the natural and common-sense
solution, but she had instinctively
avoided it then, and now she had come
a long way from anything so simple
and easy. Every second’s delay, after
that logical moment, had added tremen-
dously to her difficulties. Now she was
out of sight of land, floating on a chip,
with the high seas breaking all about
her.

  Dim memories of the things she had
written back in those schoolgirl days
came back to her, and, in an instant, her
cheeks were burning. Jim would never
have understood. If he could really
have seen everything as it was, could
have put aside his ridiculous jealousy,
he would not want her to expose her
heart. He wouldn’t ask it. But, on
the other hand, it would be infinitely
worse to let Theo Bursley go to Jim
with the letters. That wasn't to be
thought of.

  One thousand dollars ? Helen thought
of her diamonds; she had quite a col-
lection of them. Women in trouble and
in need of money pawned their jewels.

But Helen hadn’t the faintest idea how
that was done. Should she ask Jim for
the money? To ask such a question
was to answer it. He wouldn’t be-
grudge her the money, but, of course,
he would want to know what she in-
tended doing with it. She quickly came
to the conclusion that there was no way
in the world for her to raise one thou-
sand dollars in cash for any such pur-
pose as she now had before her.

  She leaned back in her chair, her eyes
closed. And, suddenly, there flashed
upon the curtain of her inner conscious-
ness a face—a rugged, honest face,
which she had not seen for many
months. Clyde Donovan, a college
friend of her dead brother’s, had been
almost as much at home in Helen’s
home, for several years, as he had at
his own boarding house. Clyde appar-
ently had no family of his own. When
Ed died, Helen had tearfully promised
herself to look after the young fellow
who had almost broken down at the
grave. But after that had come her
marriage—and she had forgotten.

  Now hastily she stood up. She hur-
ried across to a closet and slipped into
an evening cloak. For a moment, after
she had unlocked the hall door, she hesi-
tated. Should she call Clyde, and be
sure he was at home ? But Beatrice and
the other servants would be sure to hear
her talking, and observation was one
thing she must avoid. So she went
quickly down to the front door and let
herself out.

  The evening was fine, but that meant
little to the young woman hurrying
along the deserted street. She had not
even dared take her car, for it might
be noticed and Jim might hear of it;
her heart throbbed rebelliously when
she realized how involved she was in
this web of lies and evasions. Once she
paused abruptly, a slow flush rising to
her cheeks. She ought to go back, wait
till her husband returned, and tell him
the truth. There was nothing in it for
The Chinese I'ub

79

her to fear. Only the eager sentimen-
talism of a young girl.

  But Jim was the last man on earth
to understand, and she didn’t dare risk
it. So she went on, and, half an hour
later, she was ringing the bell of Clyde
Donovan’s apartment.

  He was waiting for her in his open
door, when she stepped from the ele-
vator. His face was gaunter than she
remembered it. She looked pleadingly
into the steady, hazel eyes. A lock of
coarse, straight black hair hung across
his forehead. He swung his head with
a gesture she remembered as well as
if she had seen it yesterday. Then
he ran his fingers through that black
mane of his, and stood aside for her to
enter.

  Clyde Donovan had done well in busi-
ness—partly, perhaps, because he was
not a very companionable young fellow,
and was left much to himself. He had
to work hard to keep from being bored.
He had few distractions. His apart-
ment was well furnished, but it showed
at the first glance that it was strictly
a bachelor establishment. Helen looked
quickly round, then again was facing
her dead brother’s friend.

  “You didn’t expect to see me,” she
murmured, and could have bitten her
tongue out at the inane remark. “I’ve
been meaning to call for a long time,”
she added, and realized she had not
made things any better.

  “I’ve seen your name in the paper
once in a while,” Clyde said. “I read
the society columns just to kind of keep
track of you.”

  He was smiling—that faithful-till-
death smile she remembered so well. In
an instant all the hesitancy was gone
from her heart. Here was' a man with
whom she didn’t have to be diplomatic.
He expected nothing for himself, was
ready to give without promise of re-
turn.

  “Clyde,” she whispered, “I’m in ter-
rible trouble! I can’t tell Jim about it.

so I’ve come to you! Please sit down
and listen!”

  He seated himself obediently. There
was a little tightening of the strong
mouth, a furrow of attention on the
broad forehead.

  “Tell me about it, Helen,” he said.

  Helen told him of seeing Bursley on
the street, and of his coming to the
house.

  “I .never really cared for him,” she
explained, repeating the old phrase
women from the time of Eve’s daugh-
ters up have used about their discarded
lovers. “I was a silly young thing, and
the time had come when I had to love
something. So I created a man, and
called him ‘Theo Bursley.’ I never saw
him as he was, although I’m sure he
wasn’t then anything like what he is
now. He is terrible. I can’t make you
understand how terrible he is.”

  Clyde Donovan smiled faintly at her
energy.

  “I’ve known a few bad eggs,” he re-
marked. “Now let’s get this straight.
You wrote him some love letters, and
he threatens to take them to Mr. Riddel
unless you pay him a thousand dol-
lars?”

  “Yes, and they would ruin my life,
if Jim were to see them! You know,
Clyde, they were just the sentimental
ravings of a silly child. I actually wrote
poetry to him. I called him, ‘My sun-
crowned hero’! Imagine poor old Jim
reading that! He’d never feel the same
toward me again.”

  Her companion nodded soberly.

  “I guess he wouldn’t ” he agreed.
“Anyhow, that isn’t the point. You
want the letters back, or want them de-
stroyed. And you want this dog shut
up. Well, I could buy him off, and if
I thought he’d disappear and never come
back, I’d do it. But he wouldn’t. I’ve
read the newspapers, and I know this
blackmail game. There’s only one way
to handle a fellow like this—but never
mind the details. I’ll get your letters
80

Detective Story Magazine

back for you, Helen, and I’ll see to it
this skunk flies his kite!”

  Helen had always winced at Clyde
Donovan’s salty expressions, in the old
days, but now she found them singularly
comforting. She closed her eyes for a
moment, then quickly stood up and held
out her hand.

  “I’m not going to try to thank you,
Clyde,” she said. ‘‘I knew I could
count on you. You were the first and
the only person in the world I thought
of appealing to.”

  “I’m glad of that! And just you lay
the thing off your mind! It’s as good
as settled!”

  She gave him the slip of paper con-
taining Theo Bursley’s address. Clyde
read and nodded.

  “He’s roosting in the Oriental quar-
ter,” he commented. “Well, I’ll go
down and see him, and you can call me
some time to-morrow. Before nine I’ll
be here, and afterward I’ll be at the
office. Good night and don’t you dare
to worry!”	*

  She had a final glimpse of his rugged
face and of his broad shoulders as he
stood in the open doorway of his apart-
ment, waiting for her to enter the ele-
vator.

CHAPTER III.

A VISIT FROM THE POLICE.

DEATRICE was hovering about near
the front door, when Helen Riddel
reached home. The maid’s inquisitive
eyes looked steadily into those of her
mistress.

  “Mr. Riddel called a few minutes
ago,” she said. “I told him that you
were taking a bath and he said for you
not to worry if he didn’t get home be-
fore midnight.”

  Helen frowned, hesitated, then turned
toward the stairway. She began to real-
ize how unfitted she was for a life in-
volving anything but honesty. This
girl was not to be trusted, but she was
already deeply in the affair concerning

Theo Bursley. She had admitted him
and probably had seen Helen take him
out to the summerhouse. Now she had
taken it upon herself to lie to Jim, and
Helen didn’t dare reprimand her for
her presumption.

  “I hope I did right, Mrs. Riddel!”
Beatrice said.

  “If you thought I was bathing, it was
all right to tell Mr. Riddel so,” the mis-
tress of the house replied, without turn-
ing her head.

  She went up to her room, and, by the
time Jim came tiptoeing up the stairs,
she was apparently asleep. But long
after his steady breathing told her that
he had forgotten the cares and the vicis-
situdes of money-making for what re-
mained of the night, she lay staring at
the dimly visible ceiling.

  She had left Clyde Donovan with a
feeling of perfect confidence. She
vainly fancied, for the moment, that the
heavy weight of her problem had been
transferred to other and stronger shoul-
ders. Clyde was capable and direct.
And he seemed to know just what he
was going to do. But by the time she
lay down to rest, a reaction had set in.
After all, what could Clyde do? He
had said he wouldn’t pay the extortioner
any more, and, without paying, how
could he hope to get the letters ? What
had she expected him to do? She must
have been temporarily out of her mind.
No good could come of the meeting of
these two. And very easily evil might
come.

  Clyde was so confident, but he didn’t
know the evil creature he was going up
against. Her brief interviews with
Theo Bursley had developed in Helen
Riddel’s mind a surprising belief in the
evil possibilities of her girlhood lover.
Perhaps her subconsicous mind had no-
ticed things about him then which it
wouldn’t admit, but which had been
stored away for future use: his selfish-
ness, his quick temper, his ready resort
to violence. At any rate, she was sat-

            DS-5C
The Chinese Tub

81

isfied now, without argument, that
Bursley was capable of murder.

  That word came like a wraith into her
thoughts. She sat up in bed, her hands,
groping for the covers. She must call
Clyde at once, and assure herself that
he had gotten safely back to his apart-
ment.

  But, of course, she couldn’t to that. -
The web was wrapping itself about her.
Soon she would be unable to turn, to
move. Her lips parted, she sat staring
into the soft darkness. A sensation of
terror wrapped itself round her. She
felt that something unspeakably evil had
drifted into the room—something
ghostly and terrible. For a space of
minutes she could hardly keep herself
from screaming.

  After that her pounding heart
steadied down, and she sank back to
her pillow and lay through the long
hours of darkness, listening to the reg-
ularly recurring chimes of the French
clock in the lower hall, trying vainly to
sleep. As dawn began to drift into
the room, she sighed deeply and turned
her head.

  She opened her eyes and stared be-
fore her. Sunshine lay like gold leaf
on the floor and on the coverlet. It
must be late. Jim was gone; he had
dressed without her hearing him. Her
head was heavy; however, she slid
quickly out of bed.

  It was a quarter to nine. Helen
slipped into a dressing gown and went
into the hall. Beatrice was dusting.

  “I’ll take breakfast in my room,”
Helen said. “Melon, toast, and coffee.”

  After the maid’s footsteps had died
out in the distance, she seated herself
at the telephone table and looked up
Clyde Donovan’s residence number. She
put through the call and sat waiting.

  The phone hummed and occasionally
the chatter of voices broke in on her
anxious reverie. But, at last, the prim
voice of central told her that her party
did not answer.

 DS-6C

  Helen felt suddenly cold and fright-
ened. He had said he would be at his
apartment till nine—and he wasn’t the
kind to deviate from even so indirect a
promise. She waited five minutes. Bea-
trice brought up her breakfast tray, and
was sent back to the kitchen for hot
water. Helen tried again. .

  “They do not answer!” central in-
formed her, after another time of wait-
ing.

  Helen made a pretense of eating
breakfast, but now she was thoroughly
alarmed and even the thought of food
was repugnant. Finally, she rang for
Beatrice and had the tray taken away.

  Standing in the doorway of her room,
Helen waited till she heard a door slam
in the direction of the kitchen. Again
she hurried across to the phone table.
She tried to get Clyde’s apartment, then
hunted up his office number.

  A woman’s voice promptly answered.

  “Mr. Donovan hasn’t come in yet,”
she said. “Will you leave a message?”

  “What time does he usually come to
the office in the morning?”

  “He should be here now. If you’ll
leave your number-”

  “I’ll call later,” Helen said, and hung
up.

  She went into her room and crossed
to a window. Looking through it, she
could see the rose garden and the grav-
eled paths and the summerhouse where
she had interviewed Bursley. Her flesh
was hot and cold alternately. She tried
to think, but the human mind is easily
thrown out of gear by a high voltage of
emotion. Now all she could see was
quickly shifting images, as if she were
looking into a kaleidoscope. She saw
Jim, his face red with amazement and
anger. She saw Clyde Donovan lying
with his eyes half closed, the color gone
from his rugged cheeks. She saw her-
self, stared at, whispered about.^ de-
serted.

  At ten she called Donovan’s office, a
second time. He had not yet come in,
82

Detective Story Magazine

the telephone girl said. Helen waited
till noon and called again. He had not
come in.

  She called only once during the after-
noon. Something occurred on that oc-
casion that frightened her away from
the telephone. In answer to her ques-
tion, the woman’s voice at the other end
of the line stated that Mr. Donovan had
not been at the office during the day.

  “You’re the lady who has been call-
ing, aren’t you?” the phone girl con-
tinued. “Would you mind giving me
your name and address? We are quite
worried about Mr. Donovan-”

  Helen hung up abruptly. In a flash
she saw it all. Clyde had confronted
Theo Bursley and had demanded the
letters. There had been a fight, and
the man she had so wantonly dragged
into this sordid affair had been killed.
Now, in spite of everything, she would
be involved in the case. They were sure
to connect her with it sooner or later.

  But she couldn’t wait for that, she
realized. The time had come at last
when she must confront the thing that
menaced her without trying to dodge or
twist. If Clyde had been murdered, as
she was certain he had, she would not
be able to wait till they dragged her out.
She must go to the police and tell her
story!

  However, the time had not quite come
for that. She sent out for afternoon
papers and read them through, looking
for any tiny fragment of news that
might have a bearing on the tragedy.
There was nothing. Evening came, and
the evening “home edition.” Again
there was nothing; she had feared head-
lines announcing the discovery of the
murder. She found herself pacing the
floor and abruptly sat down.

  Jim came in soon after six, and, with-
out preamble to-night, announced that
he had another board meeting on.

  “Got to get this thing settled,” he
said grimly. “The only time all of us
can get together is at night.”

  He went on explaining, but his wife
hardly heard a word of what he said.
She was listening for something—a
sharp step outside the front door, the
ringing of the bell. She had the feel-
ing that time was closing in about her,
and that it would be minutes, at the
outside, before the earth opened to swal-
low her.

  But Jim had dressed and had gone
out for the evening before the expected
ring came. Helen Riddel stood up. She
heard one of the maids hurrying to the
door, then caught the murmur of
voices. Footsteps sounded, coming
swiftly toward the east room.

  The door, which was ajar, swung
fully open and she saw, standing for an
instant on the threshold and looking
steadily in at her, a tall, strongly built
man of fifty or thereabouts. He wore
gold-rimmed glasses and was dressed so
that he might have been a doctor or a
lawyer or a banker. But she knew that
he was a detective.

  He advanced a couple of steps, looked
back into the hall, and spoke.

  “We won’t need you, my girl. Just
you go' to your room and read your
book!”

  Helen heard the girl hurry away. The
door closed and again the stranger was
looking down at her.

  “Mrs. Riddel?” he inquired. “I am
Inspector Forbes of the homicide de-
tail!”

  In spite of herself, a tortured cry es-
caped her lips.

  “Have they found him ? Is he dead ?”

  “You’re the party that called Walnut
3242 several times to-day?” Inspector
Forbes continued, without heeding her
questions. “I had the call traced the
last time. By then I had got around to
Donovan’s office!”

  Helen’s thoughts began to clear. She
sat looking up at the detective, trying to
read his expression. It was at the same
time benignant and severe.

  “Now, Mrs. Riddel,” the inspector
The Chinese Tub

83

said, “I think it will be best for you
just to run over your story with me,
without wasting any more time. You
ask if he has been found, and if he is
dead. My reply to both questions is,
‘Yes’! Now, as the serial writers say,
‘Let’s go on from there’! Although, as
a matter of fact, we’ve really got to go
back to the first chapters.”

  Helen sat drooping in her chair. She
had known it, all the time, but this was
a different kind of knowing.

  “I sent him to his death!” she said,
her voice so low that instinctively the
detective stooped toward her. “I can’t
understand now how I could have been
so selfish or so blind. I was in trouble
—I can’t tell you about that—but I
went to Clyde and he volunteered to
help me. He had to confront this crea-
ture. When I couldn’t get him at his
apartment, early this morning, I feared
the worst. I don’t know what to do!”
Inspector Forbes listened, his head on
one side.

  “I’m going to ask you to come with
me,” he commented. “No,, of course,
you’re not under arrest. There’s no
reason why you should be, is there? You
didn’t kill him!”

  “Oh, 110, no! But must I come ?
How long will it take?”

  “I’ll have you back in half an hour!”
  “I’ll get my cloak!”

  Helen hurried up the stairs. Three
minutes later she was seated in Inspec-
tor Forbes’ car and was being whirled
through the streets.

  They penetrated a part of town she
had never seen before, and, after that,
came to a stop in front of a four-story
brick building. On the ground floor
was a Chinese grocery.

  “Up here—and don’t you be afraid
of anything,” Forbes said. "Just keep
hold of my arm!”

  They went up two flights. A police-
man, outside a closed door, saluted.

  “All quiet, inspector!” he announced.
  Inspector Forbes nodded and opened

the door. He stood aside for his com-
panion to pass. Helen took a step for-
ward. A droplight in the center of the
room was turned on, and directly be-
neath it was something.

  She cried out in amazement. The
sightless eyes leered at her; the crooked
mouth seemed to grin. Dead—unmis-
takably dead—but it was the predatory
face of Theo Bursley that stared, mask-
like, up at her.

CHAPTER IV.

HELEN EXPLAINS.

'THROUGH the confusion and horror
that followed her discovery, two dis-
tinct thoughts penetrated Helen Rid-
del’s mind. The first was that if Theo
Bursley was dead, Clyde was probably
alive. That brought her a great feeling
of relief. The belief that he had been
killed while trying to help her had been
so terrible that her own little problem
was for the time forgotten. But Clyde
hadn’t been killed; she didn’t try to
work out the logic of this conclusion.
She was sure now that he was alive.
She drew in a deep breath as she en-
tered the room, gently but remorselessly
propelled by the hand of the detective,
which rested for a moment on her arm.

  But the second thought was of a dif-
ferent charactQr. It brought a quick
flush of resentment into her cheeks as
she faced Inspector Forbes. He had
tricked her into telling of Clyde’s visit
here. She saw now that Forbes’ state-
ment that “he” had been found and that
“he” was dead had referred to Bursley.
He had let her assume whatever came
most easily into her consciousness. And
she had made damaging admissions in
her ignorance.

  The man from headquarters seemed
to be reading her thoughts without ef-
I' art.

  “My business, young lady,” he said,
“is to catch the man who did this mur-
der. The fact that he may be a friend
84

Detective Story Magazine

of yours has nothing to do with it. Did
you ever see this before?”

  “This” was a little brightly lacquered
box, with two gay figures painted on
it. It was about three and one half
inches square by half an inch deep.
Helen looked irritably at it.

  “No, I never saw it before,” she re-
plied. “And I certainly wouldn’t think
of telling you if I had,” she added with
spirit.

  Inspector Forbes shook his leonine
head.

  “That’s not the way to talk, or to
feel," said he. “But in this case it
doesn’t happen to make any difference.
Your friend owned this cigarette case,
which fortunately is an unusual one.
During the fight, last night, it fell out
of his pocket. It took some of my men
all the morning to find the dealer who
sold it, but our troubles were at an end
when we found him. He knew Mr.
Donovan personally, and gave us his
name and business address. It isn’t
often we get a break like that, at the
beginning of a case!”

  Helen had a new perception of the
complexity of life. She saw it as a vast
mechanism, where one cogwheel is
meshed to another, and where a series
of apparently casual relationships can be
traced, by the adept at such things, over
a wide span. A wooden cigarette case,
made in France, imported to America,
and sold by a neighborhood tobacconist,
had brought Clyde Donovan into the
shadow of the gallows!

  “How was this—this creature killed?”
she asked, her voice husky.

  “Well, first he was beaten up very
thoroughly. And then he was stabbed!
A clever job! Under the arm so that
we didn't find the stab wound till the
medical examiner came round and
pointed it out to us!”

  Helen ignored the expression of dis-
taste which for the moment appeared on
her companion’s face, at mention of the
medical examiner. One word stood out

before her, as if it had been written in
letters of fire.

  “Stabbed?” she cried. “Clyde never
did that! Never!”

  “You think not?”

  “I know he didn’t! I would believe
it of myself sooner than of him!”
“Ladies are very handy with knives
and with pistols, too,” Inspector Forbes
commented. “Give a nice, quiet-man-
nered young woman who has never seen
a gat sufficient provocation, and let her
get her hand on a gun, and she’ll make
a bull’s-eye of the villain’s heart as sure
as anything! But that doesn’t prove
your boy friend didn’t stab our party
here. You see, the cards lie kind of
funny. You tell me that he came here
to face this egg for your sake. Murder
has been done many and many a time
for the sake of nowhere near as pretty
a face as yours, my dear. So we know
he came, and we’ve pretty good evi-
dence that he gave the deceased a ter-
rible beating. Then he stabbed him.
Of course, he did. Otherwise, why did
he take himself off?”

  “Where did he go?” Helen asked un-
steadily.

  Forbes smiled.

  “Yes, that’s it—where did he go?
And why, if he wasn’t guilty?”

  “Are you sure he wasn’t killed ? Have
you looked for his body?”

  “Who would have killed him?”
“Theo Bursley, of course! He had
it in his heart to commit murder!”

  “So, his name was Theo Bursley?
That isn’t what he was called here-
abouts. But to get back to your little
conundrum: if Bursley here had killed
him, his body would be lying in this
room or not too far from here, wouldn’t
it? Well, it isn’t. The neighborhood has
been gone over with a fine tooth comb!”
Helen could see that he was telling
the truth. Indeed, that idea of Clyde’s
also having been killed in the battle of
(he previous night had not been a very
convincing one. She stood now, look-
The Chinese Tub

85

ing shrinkingly down into the leering
face of the dead man.

  “Clyde never stabbed any one,” she
said again. “He couldn’t have. And,
besides, why would he want to? You
say he gave this creature a terrible beat-
ing. That would be enough! He was
no murderer!”

  “Now, ma’am,” the detective com-
mented, “I expect we’ve been round the
mulberry bush enough. I can see that
you really believe Donovan didn’t kill
Bursley. If that’s so, I don’t want to
waste my time playing on a dead card.
But you can’t expect me to take your
word for it. You know all about the
business, and I don’t. The thing for
you to do is just to lay your cards on
the table like a sensible young woman.
Don’t be afraid to go into details. I
know a good deal already. This lad on
the floor, whose face I don’t at all like,
had some letters or papers of yours that
he was threatening to make trouble

with! You’re a married woman-”

  “And I love my husband and have
never loved any one else,” Helen broke
in fiercely. “He had some letters I
wrote years ago; not wicked letters—
just silly ones.”

  “I know that as well as you do,”
Forbes assured her. “It’s the silly let-
ters that make most of the trouble in
this world. All love letters ought to be
written in vanishing ink. But, anyhow,
Bursley had them, and he threatened to
go to Mr. Riddel with them unless you
paid him his price. How about a thou-
sand bucks?”

  “He demanded a thousand dollars,”
Helen said.

  “I thought so. You see, my dear,
I’ve had a lot of experience with birds
of his feather—what you might call the
‘vulture tribe.’ He’d have come back
for more, of course.”

  “That was what Clyde said! He
thought he could get the letters without
paying anything!”

  “Well, I fancy he did. Bursley seems

to have done something of a business
in blackmailing, but there was only one
document on the place, and that didn’t
concern you. Yes, I fancy Donovan
cleaned him out, after putting him un-
der the table. But by that time he was
too mad to be reasonable. He went a
step farther, and murder is murder!”

  “Clyde never stabbed any one! He
couldn’t have,” Helen Riddel sobbed.

  “Then where is he now ? Why didn’t
he call you up ? Why didn’t he show up
at the office to-day?”

  Helen’s eyes were wide with fright.

  “I don’t know,” she whispered.
“Where can he have gone?”

  Inspector Forbes glanced at his
watch.

  “Just time to get you back inside the
half hour,” he muttered. “Come, I’ll
take you home. You can trust me, Mrs.
Riddel. I won’t haul you into this if I
don’t actually have to!”

CHAPTER V.

A HARD-BOILED LADY.

pORBES returned his unwilling wit-
ness to her home, and at once drove
back to the brick building where the
murder had occurred. His lips were
pursed, his eyes meditative, as he went
up the stairs to the death room.

  Standing against the wall, with the
door closed, he looked broodingly down
at the body. An expression of extreme
dislike appeared in his steely eyes.

  “Killing is a lot too good for you and
your kind, my friend,” he remarked
aloud. “But there isn’t any way made
and provided for in the statutes for get-
ting you out of the way. Now let’s
see!”

  His glance went slowly and method-
ically around the room. It was scantily
furnished, and showed unmistakable evi-
dences of the fight that must have pre-
ceded the murder.

  “This chap, Donovan, certainly gave
him a lacing,” Forbes thought. “Doc
86

Detective Story Magazine

says one rib is busted, and there are
welts all over his body. He tried to
fight back, but his gun must have been
knocked out of his hand before he had
a chance to use it. It was clear back
against the wall, under the bed. Hadn’t
been fired—only the dead man’s finger
prints on it. Yes, Donovan beat him
up and did a thorough job. He got
possession of the letters—and then he
stabbed him? What with? Doc says
the death weapon had at least a six-
inch blade. Stabbed him under the arm.
Why the deuce did he do that? And
why did he take the knife away with
him ?”

  This case seemed obvious enough, but
nothing is more dangerous than an “ob-
vious” murder. Inspector Forbes had
no intention of following off a smoked
herring, and being shown up in court
as a dub and a fool.

  “This Riddel woman is a good clean
type,” he reflected. “And I’m not the
man to brush aside the hunches of such
as her. She knew Donovan; I’ll have
to go into that a little deeper, I expect,
but there’s nothing crooked about her,
I’ll wager. She knew him well enough
to go to him when she needed a friend.
And she says he wouldn’t have stabbed
anybody. It’s always hard to say what
any given party will or won’t do. But
a woman will come closer to hitting the
truth than a man any time. All right,
suppose we say he didn’t stab Bursley.
Who did—and when—and why? It
was done after the fight. How long
after?”

  One of Inspector Forbes’ handicaps
in this case had been the lack of wit-
nesses, even indirect ones, in the neigh-
borhood. No one had been at home
when the battle took place. The other
roomers in the old brick building were
a shady lot, and he knew he would have
gotten a whisper out of some of them
if they had known anything. But the
building had been practically deserted
between nine and eleven. The grifters

and the mouchers had been out, reaping
their evening harvest.

  “Half a dozen folks could have come
and gone,” Forbes realized. “Suppose
we make another grab into the bag, and
see what we can bring out!”

  He slid his hand into an inside pocket
and produced a letter. It was addressed
to “Miss Gwendolin St. John, Hunter’s
Theater.” The cancellation stamp
showed that it had been posted two
years ago.

  “Exhibit B,” Inspector Forbes mut-
tered. “Also found on the floor, cov-
ered with a newspaper. There isn’t any
Hunter’s Theater in this town, but as
it happens there is a Miss Gwendolin
St. John close at hand, and I think I’ll
just drop in and have a little chat with
her.”

  As he went out into the hall, he
paused to speak to the patrolman on
guard at the door.

  “They’ll be sending up for his nibs,”
Inspector Forbes explained. “But I
want you to stick around for a while
longer. Just go inside and keep quiet.
You might snap off the light, if you
feel like it, and don’t lock the door. If
any one comes inside, grab him. I’ll
be back in an hour or so.”

  The call Forbes purposed making was
in the neighborhood, so he left his car
in front of the brick tenement and
walked briskly along the street, his eyes
from force of habit taking in the shop
windows and the faces of pedestrians.
At the door of a flat building he paused
to consult his notebook.

  “No. 312. Probably on the third
floor!” he murmured. “No elevator!
We’ll walk up!”

  This he promptly did. The halls
were dark, and odors of cooking per-
vaded the place. Inspector Forbes made
his way quietly upward and eventually
stopped before the door of No. 312.

  For a moment he stood with his ear
against an upper panel, shamelessly lis-
tening. However, his moral turpitude
The Chinese Tub

87

went for nothing. He stepped back and
knocked.

  Footsteps sounded at once. He heard
a chain rattle, and then the door swung
open just far enough to show the face
of a woman of thirty or thereabouts—
a keen, suspicious-looking face, still
rather pretty in spite of a too liberal
use of paint and powder.

  “What do you want ?” she demanded,
her voice edged with hostility.

  Inspector Forbes mentally classified
her.

  “Hard-boiled! Out for the money,
but not quite clever enough to get much.
Trusts, no one, couldn’t understand an
honest man to save her soul!”

  But his words were pacific enough.

  “Miss St. John? I’d like a little talk
with you, if you can spare the time. I’m
from police headquarters, but don’t you
let that worry you. Just a little routine
matter I thought you might be able to
help me with!”

  She tried to slam the door in his face,
but his foot had been thrust into the
aperture. On the other hand, Inspector
Forbes couldn’t shove his way in, be-
cause of the short, strong chain that
had been hooked into place.

  For a long moment they faced each
other silently. Then, with a contemptu-
ous shrug, Miss St. John unfastened the
chain and opened the door.

  “Come in,” she said. “Though I’m
sure I don’t know what you want with
me!”

  Forbes didn’t enlighten her at once.
He stood with the closed hall door at
his back, calmly looking over the room
before him. It was gaudily furnished.
There was too much gilt and tinsel, too
many things that pretended to be one
thing but were another. He saw that
even the neat sectional bookcase facing
him was a dummy; probably, it con-
cealed Miss St. John’s liquor supply, or
even an opium layout. Her narrowed
eyes were fastened on his as he looked
about.

  “Well?” she said surlily.

  “I’m not looking for hooch or dope,”
the detective assured her. “Just a little
routine matter, as I’ve said. In fact,
if you’ll answer one question promptly
and truthfully, I won’t bother you fur-
ther. Where were you last night be-
tween nine o’clock and eleven? Quick,
let’s have it!”

  But he had to wait at least thirty
seconds before he received his answer.

  “That’s easy! 1 was at the Bijou
Theater in my dressing room or on the
stage!”

  “Not very prompt,” Inspector Forbes
commented. “Sure you were there every
minute ?”

  “I certainly was!”

  “That’s better! Now how about
this?”

  He flashed the envelope before her
eyes. Unexpectedly she made a leap
forward and all but tore the letter from
his hand.

  “Ah, naughty, naughty!” he said
“Mustn't snatch! You were brought up
better than that!”

  “Just you come across with my prop-
erty,” the woman facing him snarled.
“Don’t bother with your cheap humor.
You cops are a funny lot, all right, but
I don’t feel like laughing at you just
now! Give me that letter!”

  “You admit that it’s yours, do you?”
She bit her lip. Her angry eyes bored
into his.

  “It has my name on it. It certainly
isn't yours,” she declared.

  “You never can tell. I’ve got it, and
that’s something. Now how would you
like to revise that statement of yours
about where you were last night between
nine and eleven?”

  “I was at the Bijou,” she said sul-
lenly. “Give me that letter!”

  “No, I’m not going to give it to you.
I might have traded it for the truth
about your whereabouts.”

  “I told you the truth!”

  She was almost panting, in a vicious,
88

Detective Story Magazine

feline way. Inspector Forbes felt that
his series of verbal darts had accom-
plished its purpose. She knew more
than she was willing to tell; he was cer-
tain of that. But, for the present, he
would not be able to go further.

  ‘‘All right,” he said negligently. “I
just thought I’d drop in and see what
you had to say.”

  He turned and laid his hand on the
doorknob. Over his shoulder he flashed
a last look at the actress. Her lips were
still parted; her eyes were hot and ques-
tioning. She seemed about to speak,
but, next moment, she closed her teeth
with a click and pressed her lips firmly.

  “Not yet,” the detective realized phi-
losophically. “Well, I’ll give her all the
rope she wants!”

  He went down into a street, and,
from a corner drug store, called head-
quarters. Two plain-clothes men joined
him five minutes later. One of the pair
was the understudy who had located
Gwendolin St. John for Inspector
Forbes. He knew her by sight.

  “Don’t bother her unless she tries to
fly the coop!” Forbes commanded. “Let
her run around all she wants to, but
keep tabs on any one she talks to. I’ll
go over to the Bijou myself and check
up what she says about last night!”

CHAPTER VI.

UNDER TIIE MICROSCOPE.

THE case had already gotten into the
footwork stage, Inspector Forbes
realized. Sooner or later they all did.
Milling around, following up this lead
and that, hoping to blunder upon a
flimsy thread of evidence that would
help: that was the trouble with murder
kicks. In a case of robbery, there were
always the “stoolies.” Professional
thieves were known to each other, and
eventually some one was pretty apt to
“rumble.” But murder, unless it was a
professional job, wasn’t apt to be sim-
plified in this way.

  “Just have to wear out my shoes, like
any other roughneck with a strong back
and a weak head,” Forbes thought dis-
contentedly. “Well, here’s the Bijou.
Let’s see what we can dig up about the
lady.”

  Not so much of a “lady,” either, he
reflected as he presented himself at the
stage door and accosted the surly-faced
watchman on guard there. Forbes
hadn’t formed any tender attachment
for Miss Gwendolin St. John.

  The guardian of the stajje door in-
spected the detective’s shield without en-
thusiasm.

  “Yeah ?" he said. “And what do you
want ?”

  “You stick around here pretty steady
all evening, I suppose?” Forbes asked.

  “If I didn’t, the show would bust up!
There's forty young Johnnies a night,
on the average, that trv to crash this
door!”

  “Well, that ties you down. From the
time the show-opens till it closes, you're
right here, the iron-faced boy that keeps
the show going. No one gets in with-
out your approval. But any one can get
out that wants to, of course. The actors
and actresses-”

  “The men can go out when they want
to,” his informant interrupted. “The
girls can’t go out till their act is over
for the night.”

  “Why not?”

  “Orders of the management. One of
them went out one night and didn’t
come back—eloped, or got soused. And,
besides, we ain’t going to have our girls
standing around on street corners, be-
tween acts, talking with fellows. Some
of them will do it, if they get a chance.”

  “Yes, I expect they would. So when
a girl comes on, in the evening, she’s
here till she goes off—at what time?”

  “That depends on the evening.
Wednesdays and Sundays we give a late
show. That keeps them here till about
midnight.”

  Inspector Forbes reflected that as to-
The Chinese Tub

89

day was Thursday, Miss St. John’s alibi
for the previous evening was pretty con-
vincing. He didn’t want to mention
her by name, if he didn’t have to. This
guardian of the honor of the stage
looked as if he might wag a wicked
tongue, when it came to the pastime of
gossip.

  But there was another possibility.
The previous evening had been warm,
and he noted that the watchman’s chair,
to-night, had been close to the end of
his little lane—within two feet of the
sidewalk. Forbes turned and stared re-
flectively in the opposite direction.
Mostly darkness there. He could check
up on that detail presently.

  “No one sick or otherwise absent last
night?” he asked.

  “Sickness ain’t no excuse. Sick or
well, they got to report. If a girl is
dead, that’s different.”

  “Also ‘orders of the management,’ I
suppose,” the inspector murmured. “So
they were all here last night?”

  “Yes, they was!”

  “Well, I’m glad to hear it.” A group
of girls came hurrying toward the stage
door from the street. Forbes moved
silently in the opposite direction—into
the shadow end of the narrow lane that
flanked the theater building. “See you
later,” he added.

  He had to grope his way through the
darkness, but, after stumbling a hun-
dred feet or so along a narrow concrete
walk, he came out into an alley. A
grim smile twisted his lips. All the St.
John woman had to do was to watch
her chance, and slip out behind the
watchman’s back. By turning to the
left rather than to the right, she would
not have to encounter his formidable
glare.

  The alley led into the side street. In-
spector Forbes consulted his watch, then
went briskly forward. In less than five
minutes he arrived in front of the brick
building where the murder had taken
place. Yes, she would have had no

difficulty in getting here, and getting
back, between acts.

  Forbes went up two flights of stairs
and entered the unlighted room where
he had left the policeman on guard. The
solitary officer reported that nothing had
happened, there had been no visitors, al-
though he had heard the other roomers
passing along the hall.

  More footwork, this time only fig-
urative! Inspector Forbes went down
to his car and drove to the headquar-
ters building. In his little office he
found a memorandum left by the plain-
clothes man who had been sent out to
gather the facts on the dead man’s pre-
vious activities. There was quite a lit-
tle docket.

  Theo Bursley had been known as
Marx. He had been in the city nearly
two months, but there was no evidence
that he had been up to anything out of
the way until recently. About two
weeks ago a patrolman in the lower part
of the city had brought him in, together
with a well-dressed young man, obvi-
ously both scared and excited. They
had been arguing loudly, had been ap-
parently on the point of fighting. Marx
had refused to talk. His companion
had demanded that his attorney be
called, and a well-known family lawyer
had come to the station and managed
to get the thing hushed up. Now both
the attorney and his client were “out of
town” for an indefinite time.

  “Blaekmail, and they won’t do a thing
to help us!” Forbes realized. “A nice
case all the way around!”

  Blackmail cases were usually like that.
The only victims of extortion who ever
fought back were hard-headed middle-
aged business men, who knew better
than to yield to the first demand. And
usually they were made to look so fool-
ish and despicable, before the thing died
out in the newspapers, that all the other
victims were scared into submission.

  “It’s no good,” Inspector Forbes told
himself. “I’m getting old, and I never
90

Detective Story Magazine

was very bright. I wouldn’t have been
a detective if I had had any brains!
Just a roughneck policeman, no educa-
tion, no friends, nothing! I ought to go
and hop into the bay!”

  But at this moment the office door
opened and a debonair-looking young
man, with his featherweight felt hat a
trifle on one side and an airy whistle on
his lips, came into the room. Forbes
began to glower. This medical exam-
iner always set his teeth on edge.

  “So, here you are!” he growled in-
hospitably; “Well, don’t spring any of
your stuff because I won’t stand it, see ?
I don’t know anything about detecting,
and I’m not supposed to. I’m a fool.
But there’s one thing: I’m not the only
one around here. I haven’t got a big
microscope and a lot of bottles and glass
tubing strung all over the place. I don’t
know human blood from red ink or
raspberry juice. And at that, I know
as much as the medical examiner. Why
don’t you go over to France, or to Ger-
many, or to England, and learn how to
examine evidence? Those babies over
there can take a hair and tell you all
about the man that shed it, or they can
take a spoonful of lint and dust off a
man’s coat and tell you where he’s been
and what he’s done. You’re a big help,
you are!”

  Young Doctor Alex Giddings con-
tinued to go through the motions of
whistling, but no sound issued from his
puckered lips. His eyes widened slightly
and he seemed overcome by amazement.

  “Inspector,” he asked in a hushed
voice, “are you a mind reader?”

  “Go on, spring it!” Forbes grunted.
“Well, if you’re not, Old Man Coin-
cidence has some explaining to do! Do
you know what I came in here for ?”

  “I don’t know why you ever come in
here,” Forbes said unkindly. “I could
get along without you.”

  “Don’t say that. You’ll regret it in
a minute. You said I ought to go to
Europe to learn how to use a micro-

scope in criminology? Well, I didn’t
go there, but I did spend my last vaca-
tion with a man out in California—a
policeman who knows his business.
They call him the ‘scientific cop,’ and
let me tell you he doesn’t have to go to
Paris or to Berlin to ask how to handle
his end of things.”

  “I’ve heard of him,” Forbes admitted.
“But what’s that got to do with me?”
“Kind of self-centered to-night, aren’t
you ?” the young medical man suggested.
“However, I don’t blame you. But
just you come over to my place and I’ll
show you something.”

  In spite of himself, Inspector Forbes
was impressed. This irritating young
fellow had always had a suggestion of
competence about him, and now he
seemed more in earnest than Forbes had
even known him to be. The inspector
stood up, locked his desk, and followed
out into the hall and around to the al-
ley door. Soon they were passing
through the hallway that led past the
morgue and into the offices at the rear.

  Doctor Giddings unlocked a door and
motioned for his companion to enter.
The room beyond was brightly lighted.
A bench ran around three walls, and on
this bench were all the paraphernalia
Forbes had so slightingly mentioned—
microscopes, cameras, flasks, beakers,
condensers. The medical expert crossed
to one of the microscopes, stooped over
it for a moment, and then, with a rather
theatrical gesture, straightened up.

  “Have a look at that!’ he com-
manded. “I took it out from under the
dead man’s finger nails!”

CHAPTER VII.

JIM DEMANDS AN ANSWER.

/'"'XN her return home after her visit
with Inspector Forbes, Helen Rid-
del’s first feeling was one of infinite re-
lief. Clyde was not dead. Bursley
was. For a short time these two facts
seemed all that mattered.
The Chinese Tub

91

  But the inevitable mental reaction set
in. Long before Jim had returned from
his committee meeting, she had begun
to worry. Why had Clyde disappeared ?
Was it possible that he had actually
killed Bursley—with a dagger or knife?
At first, she was firmly convinced that
this was out of the question. Clyde
Donovan was the last man in the world
to resort to anything so “un-American.”
He would use his fists, or in a dire
emergency even a revolver, if one was
at hand; but he would never stab any
one.

  The more she thought about the mat-
ter, however, the more confused and un-
certain she became. Bursley might have
drawn the knife—it would have been
in keeping with his character, she felt—
and Clyde might have wrested it from
him and struck the fatal blow. Then he
had “run for it”; but that also was out
of character, and she felt herself more
and more baffled. There was just one
possibility which was in keeping with
what she knew of the rather rugged-
minded young fellow who had been her
brother’s friend: Clyde must have been
desperately wounded, or perhaps he had
been killed outright. But in that case
where was his body?

  There is nothing more wearing and
nerve-shattering that continued silence,
in a case of this kind. Jim returned,
preoccupied by the events of his eve-
ning. Helen continued to think over
and over again the little round of
baffling thoughts. Clyde hadn’t done it.
Or had he ? He had run away, or per-
haps he had been killed. She reached
a point where she would gladly have
dismissed the whole terrible affair from
her mind, but by this time she had lost
control of her image-forming ma-
chinery. Vivid and terrible pictures pre-
sented themselves, in swift and con-
tinuous succession.

  It was at breakfast time, next morn-
ing, that she first became aware of a
change in her husband’s manner toward

her. Jim was very quiet, but his eyes
from time to time sought her face. She
met one of those lingering glances, and
suddenly her heart missed a beat. What
did that expression mean? There was
something sultry and unpleasant in it.
She sat looking steadily at Jim. He
smiled and resumed his eating. But his
smile wasn't a pleasant one, and he ut-
tered not a word to explain it.

  Here was a change of thought, at any
rate. Helen suddenly began to ask her-
self if Jim could suspect anything. Sup-
pose he hadn’t been at a board meeting
last night. Suppose he had been watch-
ing her. But he had come home in his
usual after-business mood. No, he had
been all right till now. Helen stole a
glance at him from the corners of her
eyes. He was stealthily regarding her.

  “What’s the trouble, dear?” she
asked, her voice cool and pleasant in
spite of her disturbance.

  “Nothing!”

  He was certainly angry or suspicious
about something. She tried to think of
possible explanation other than the log-
ical one. She could think of nothing.

  But Jim was not going to explain.
He maintained a sulky silence through-
out the remainder of the meal, and went
off to his office without another word.
He didn't kiss her good-by, and that
was final proof, if she had needed any.

  Throughout the day she kept to her
rooms. She left a door partly open so
that she could hear the telephone. Oc-
casionally it rang and she hurried to an-
swer it before one of the maids could
do so. Various acquaintances called.
Helen each time excused herself on the
plea of having a headache. She both
hoped and feared that Inspector Forbes
might call her, but no word came from
the police.

  By afternoon her headache was a very
real affair. She felt sick and dizzy.
Aspirin didn’t help, so she sat by the
window and looked wearily out over
the lawn. A robin family, consisting
92

Detective Story Magazine

apparently of two harried parents, two
overgrown and very greedy children,
with spotted breasts, and a bachelor
uncle, helped her center her attention on
something outside her swirling anx-
ieties. The bachelor uncle evidently dis-
approved of the way in which the
younger generation was being brought
up. On one occasion he hopped up be-
hind one of the gobbling children and.
unperceived by either parent, appropri-
ated a fat angle worm which had a mo-
ment before been thrust into a gaping
pink mouth. Then he administered his
idea of a peck and turned his back.
Helen smiled wanly.

  The robins flew away and long shad-
ows began to form across the close-
clipped turf. Evening was at hand. She
felt all of a sudden that she couldn’t
stand another moment of this silent,
mocking house. She must get out or
she would smother. She went quickly
down into the hall and let herself out.

  A half-hour walk immensely re-
freshed her. She came slowly back
along the quiet evening street. As she
went up the steps of her own house, the
front door swung open before her, and
Jim Riddel stood looking out and down,
his lips parted and quivering, a pasty-
green shadow tinging his usually ruddy
cheeks.

  “Come in here!” he said. “I want
to talk to you !”

  Helen paused, then came up the re-
maining steps and entered the house.
Jim slammed the door.

  “This way!” he said, his voice trem-
bling.

  He went before her into the east
room. As Helen crossed the threshold,
Jim again closed the door, this time
shutting them both into the room, over-
looking the garden. For a moment she
thought they were alone, but next mo-
ment she saw the maid, Beatrice, stand-
ing meekly in a corner.

  “I want the truth about this business
out of you!” Jim said.

  He had switched on a light, and by
it she saw that he really was green—or
yellow. Certainly, there was a tinge of
color in his face he had never seen there
before. For an instant she was so in-
terested in this phenomenon that she
hardly heard his question—or state-
ment.

  Actually, his teeth were chattering.
He stared at her, his eves wide and un-
natural.

  “Will you talk?” he snarled.

  Offhand, Helen Riddel would have
said that such a situation at this would
have frightened her. Confronted by it,
however, she unexpectedly found her-
self tingling with anger.

  “Are you sick, Jim?” she asked. “If
you are, I’ll overlook what you’ve said.”

  “Overlook it?”

  He began to laugh. His voice was
metallic and high-pitched; in a woman
the seizure would have been called “hys-
terics.”

  “Stop it!” Helen commanded, stamp-
ing her foot. “What is Beatrice doing
here ?”

  Beatrice looked slyly at her mistress
and then at Jim Riddel.

  “I think I ought to go,” she mur-
mured, her voice as soft as a spring
breeze.

  “Not much you won’t! Not till
you’ve told my wife what you told me.
If you’ve lied, I'll strangle you! Go
ahead, spill it out!”

  “Ask Mrs. Riddel if I’ve lied,” the
maid said quietly. “Ask her about the
man who came here night before last.
She talked with him for a moment in
this room, and then she took him out
when you came home. He was there
when you came home. He was there
w'hile you ate dinner, and, after you’d
gone out for the evening, Mrs. Riddel
went out to him again.”

  Jim made a fizzling noise, as if he
had drunk too much lemon soda. Helen
looked at him with arched brows. Then
she turned back to Beatrice.
The Chinese Tub

93

  "Go on!” she commanded coldly.
“Finish your story!”

  “Yes, finish it!” Jim grated. “I see
it’s all true!”

  “Mrs. Riddel went out to the sum-
merhouse as soon as she was sure you
wouldn’t come back. She wasn’t there
long the second time, but she just came
back to the house long enough to get
her coat and hat. When you called,
she was still away. I lied to you, sir.
And my consicence has been bothering
me ever since.”

  Helen smiled. The little trouble
maker! Beatrice was having the time
of her life! But, save for minor inac-
curacies, which were not worth calling
attention to, her story was correct. And
it did make things look bad. Poor Jim!

  However, a woman, even a very nice
one, can say, “Poor Jim!” and proceed
to carve Jim’s heart out and hold it,
palpitating, before his face. Helen was
enraged, but her anger took a different
form from her husband’s. It made her
cold as one of those frosted pipes in
a butcher’s window. Her voice was low
and steady.

  “You poor child,” she said, smiling
at Beatrice. “How you must have suf-
fered !”

  “I tried to do what was right, but I
shouldn’t have lied,” the girl murmured,
stealing a look of malicious triumph at
her mistress. “When that gentleman

called for you last night-”

  “Last night—again?” Jim shrieked.
“You didn’t tell me that!”

  “You didn’t give me a change, sir!
You got in such a passion I couldn’t
make myself heard!”

  “What a delightful tete-a-tete you
two must have had!” Helen observed.
“Where did it take place—in the
kitchen? I should imagine that would
be the proper setting!”

  “Never mind where it took place!
What have you got to say about it?”
Jim panted. “Come, I’m waiting!”
“Don’t let me hinder you,” his wife

said with an acid sweetness that made
his lips twitch. “Keep right on waiting,
Jim! If you fancy I’m going to take
part in any such sordid affair as this,
you certainly have gone crazy!”

  She felt as cool and collected as she
had ever felt in her life. She walked
past her husband, who was standing
with his feet braced* apart, near the
door; and, without another word, went
into the hall and along toward the front
of the house. She opened the street
door, stood for a moment looking into
the darkness, and then went down the
steps to the walk.

  Of course, that kind of calm couldn’t
last. She suddenly found herself cry-
ing. She drew out her handkerchief
and dabbed at her tears. What should
she do? What could she do? If she
had only told Jim in the first place,

everything would have been- But

it wouldn’t. Everything would have
been all wrong, just as it was now.

  Of course, Jim’s mind was thoroughly
poisoned, and he was burning up with
jealousy and the rage it kindled. But
he would have been unreasonable and
impossible, even if she had taken him
into her confidence right to begin with.
And her conscience told her that she
had done nothing wrong, from begin-
ning to end, in all this wild, crazy series
of misadventures. She was simply
caught in the wheels of a great, stupid
machine, and was being torn to bits.

  A lethargy of despair succeeded the
tears and turmoil stage. She walked
on and on, not realizing the direction
her feet were taking her until suddenly
she saw in the obscurity of an alley she
was passing a twisted, evil face. She
stared back, startled and frightened.
Then she was hurrying on, but now she
was vividly aware of her surroundings.
She was in a street occupied by cheap
lestaurants, cheap clothing stores, the
doors of which were still open for busi-
ness, and pawnbroking establishments.
Furtive steps came on behind her. She
94

Detective Story Magazine

passed villainous-looking men, many of
them Orientals. Her lips parted, and
she looked wildly about for a cab.

  As she reached the corner, she saw
before her, on the farther side of the
street, a brick building. Her mind
seemed to swing round and adjust itself.
She knew now where she was. Fear
and abhorrence, which are as strong at-
tractive forces as are hope and approval,
had drawn her back to the neighbor-
hood of the murder. It was over there,
in one of those mysterious upper rooms,
that Theo Bursley had been killed. She
paused, her eyes swinging up. And
then she started and cried out, for a
hand had been laid 011 her arm.

  “You shouldn’t come here alone,
ma’am!” Inspector Forbes said with ob-
vious disapproval. “Were you looking
for me?”

 “No—yes—I don’t know why I
came!’ Helen whispered. Tears again
welled into her eyes. “I just had a ter-
rible scene with my husband,” she
added, impelled by something strong and
dependable in the face of this police
officer to tell her troubles.

  “He doesn’t know anything about
this business?” Forbes inquired.

  “Well, Jim is so unreasonably jeal-
ous. He knows, when he’s in his right
mind, that I love him and him only.
But if any little thing he doesn’t under-
stand happens, he seems to go crazy.
The maid talked.”

  “Maids always do. So you had a
scene with hubby, and decided to make
things better by walking, alone, down
below the dead line! It’s lucky I came
along just when I did. I’ll take you
home, and you stick there till you hear
from me. As for Jim, I’ll look into his
case. I don’t promise you anything,
mind, but I rather hope to be able to
put a bee in his bonnet!”

  In pretty much of a daze, by this
time, Helen Riddel allowed herself to
be assisted into the inspector’s car and
driven home. Jim was nowhere about

when she entered the lower hall. She
went to her room. The house was si-
lent. She was apparently quite alone in
itr

  She locked her door, undressed
quickly, and went to bed.

CHAPTER VIII.

THE TUB.

DREVIOUS to his accidental meeting
with Helen Riddel, Inspector
Forbes had spent a busy day. The peek
which the medical examiner had given
him through the microscope had set him
on a new track, but, at the same time,
he had to keep tabs on all the leads he
had uncovered before. For one thing,
he wanted to lay hands on Clyde Dono-
van. And that silly young fool had
taken himself off so completely that
Forbes couldn’t get so much as a whis-
per from the undertow respecting him
or his whereabouts.

  “If he didn’t kill Marx, or Bursley,
what is he hiding out on us for?” the
detective asked himself discontentedly.

“And if he did kill him-”

  Well, in that case young Doctor Gid-
dings had better go back to Berkeley
and take another summer course in
criminology!

  “The trouble with that lad is that he
puts all the real work on me,” Forbes
thought. “He says, ‘Look at this! And
after you’ve Jooked at it, go out and pick
up your man!’ Well, that’s what I get
paid for.”

  During that eventful day, Inspector
Forbes hired himself an assistant. One
of his difficulties lay in the fact that the
quarter below the dead line was largely
occupied by Orientals and other for-
eigners. Forbes was no linguist. To
assist him in threshing his carload of
straw, he chose a yellow-faced youth,
very Chinese in general appearance and
features, decidedly American in dress
and appurtenances. His clothing was
modish, and he carried in his vest pocket
The Chinese Tub

95

more fountain pens and pencils of pat-
ent makes than Inspector Forbes had
ever heard of.

  The detective decided on this assist-
ant late in the afternoon. He had had
several others in view, but had dis-
missed them after a short trial. He and
Charley Hin, the successful appointee,
talked for a time in a basement restau-
rant. Yes, Charley had known this man,
Marx. So had the others. Did he
know anything in particular about him?
Anything, for instance, that would ac-
count for his murder? The almond-
shaped eyes looked cryptically into those
of Inspector Forbes.

  “A death by violence is in the stars,
and in the palm of the hand,” he said
in his low, resonant voice. “When the
soul of a man who is to die by the knife
is born into this world, the ghosts of his
ancestors bow their heads—for they
know that already the hour and the mo-
ment are appointed!”

“Now that’s nice and helpful,” Forbes
muttered. “But what does it mean?”
“The words of the wise are not to be
interpreted by fools!’’ his companion
serenely said.

  “Oh, yes? Present company of
course excepted! All right, suppose you
come up and take a look round the
rooms. We might see something to-
gether that I’ve missed.”

  He led the way out of the basement
and along the street. Two flights up,
and Inspector Forbes drew a key from
his pocket and fitted it into the lock.
The policeman had been sent back to
his former station.

  Nothing inside the death room had
been changed, save for the disappear-
ance of the body. Inspector Forbes’
steady eyes rested on the face of Char-
ley Hin. The Chinaman looked impas-
sively round the room, then produced a
cigarette, tapped it on his polished nail,
and lighted it.

  “See anything suggestive?” Forbes
asked.

  “A grain of sand and a drop of water
suggest the universe,” he was told.

  Inspector Forbes had begun to flush.
A spark came into his eyes.

  He said nothing, however, but stood
for a time again looking over the room.
After that he led the way across to a
door at the rear, opened it, and stepped
into a lean-to shed, connecting with
some rickety back stairs. This door had
been double bolted on the inner side, at
the time the body was found, but to-day
Forbes had begun to take a particular
interest in what lay beyond it. There
was a narrow shelf against one wall. It
was littered with broken dishes and with
empty tin cans which had once held
food. The floor was dirty and also was
littered with apparently insignificant
odds and ends. But in one corner was
a Chinese tub, which had evidently been
placed there to catch the drip from a
hole in the roof.

  Now the man from headquarters
stood looking down into this water-filled
container. Something glimmered at the
bottom of the water.

  “Come in here, Charley!” he said,
speaking over his shoulder.

  The Chinaman without a sound was
at his elbow.

  “What do you make of that?” Forbes
demanded, pointing to the glimmering
object.

  There was no reply, other than a
faint shrug.

  “Oh, so that’s what you think?” the
detective commented. “Well, just get
it out for me, will you?”

  Charley Hin, without a word, thrust
his hand down into the tub and brought
out a small circular piece of tin. His
sleeve was dripping as he handed it to
Forbes, and there was a faint, mocking
smile about his slanting eyes.

  Inspector Forbes stood staring down
at the little tin disk in his hand.

  “Ah, Charley, Charley,” he said
softly, “a little grain of sand and a
little drop of water—and my little tin
96

Detective Story Magazine

wheel, cut from the top of a salmon can!
Come, we have finished here!”

  They went out through the death
room. Inspector Forbes closed and
locked the door.

  “I’m going down to headquarters,” he
commented. “I want you to stick
around and use your eyes and ears. Re-
port to me to-night—same place I picked
you up before. Have you any ques-
tions you want to ask?”

  “The fool asks, the sage sees,” Char-
ley Hin replied.

  “Which means ‘No!’ All right, to-
night at eight!”

  Inspector Forbes went directly to the
headquarters building, where he sum-
moned into his little office an astute-
looking young man who often did the
society end of difficult cases.

  “Here’s a name and address,” Forbes
explained, handing the plain-clothes man
a slip of paper. “I want you to look
up this guy, Riddel, and see what you
can get on him. I want a twitch on his
nose. I want him fixed so he’ll be easy
to handle. He’s kicking up a row in
this Marx murder kick, and I’ve got to
throw a chill into him some way. He’s
one of these ‘insanely jealous’ Johnnies,
and pretty generally you’ll discover they
aren’t quite on the level themselves. Just
dig around a bit and see if he’s been
up to anything he wouldn’t like the
world to know about!”

  A varied and sundry day it was, In-
spector Forbes reflected when he was
again left alone. Everything from tin
disks to unofficial blackmail—forcing an
unruly husband to get back into line.
He shouldn’t wonder if Huffner would
get something on this guy, Riddel, he
shouldn’t wonder. But that was only a
small detail, and the others weren’t go-
ing so well. It was time for him to
pull his big scene. If he could pull it
to-night, he would have the thing all
settled up in no time. He had most of
the factors in his hand, but still he
wasn’t ready to go to bat. One item

  more—the whereabouts of Clyde Dono-
van! Where had the idiot taken him-
self to? For a moment, Forbes had an
uneasy feeling: Suppose that Donovan
also had been murdered?

  But he didn’t think so, and in any
case that wasn’t a proviso he could act
on. It was not for him to question
why, but to keep plugging along, hop-
ing for the best.

  Late that night the two detectives he
had set to watch Gwendolin St. John
came to headquarters in a taxicab, bring-
ing the actress with them.

  “She tried to run for it, inspector,”
the elder of the pair explained. “We
let her go as far as the railroad station,
then tagged her and brought her in!”

  “Correct!” Forbes replied.' He stared
through steely eyes at the flushed and
angry woman. “So you were headed
for out. were you?” he added.

  “I’ll make you pay for this!” she said,
giving him look for look. “I’ll make
you wish that you'd never heard of
me!”

  “If I were to believe every party that
tells me that, I’d figure I ought to have
been born deaf!” the inspector assured
her. “Are you ready to talk?”

  “I’ve told you all that I know!"

  “Lock her up,” Forbes said, turning
on his heel. “If she raises a holler
about a lawyer, book her as an acces-
sory before the fact in the Marx mur-
der.”

  That shook her, he saw as he darted
a last look at her. But she wasn’t ready
to come clean yet. Let her think it over
a while in her cell. He wasn’t quite
ready for her story, anyhow. He knew
about what it would be, when she told
all of it.

  The great building quieted down, and
the sound of traffic from the avenue in
front became but a subdued murmur.
Forbes stifled a yawn and consulted his
watch.

  Nearly midnight! And he had slept
but little the night before and the night

            DS-6C

i
The Chinese Tub

97

before that. If only that fellow Dono-
van could be picked up!

   Rut, at last, he went into the property
clerk’s office, where there was an army
cot and a blanket. Inspector Forbes lay
down in all of his clothing, except his
hat. He fell asleep, hoping to hear his
name called, to learn that the missing
link in his chain of evidence had been
found. But now the headquarters build-
ing was as silent as a cemetery at mid-
night.

CHAPTER IX.

AN ARREST.

pORBES was up at dawn and had
breakfasted at the all-night restau-
rant across from the station. Then, un-
til time for the day shift to come on,
he talked with the night captain and
with the burly corporal in charge of the
switchboard.

  Huffner, the detective Forbes had
sent out to investigate Jim Riddel’s rec-
ord, came in early, with a crafty, satis-
fied look on his face.

  “I got him. inspector!” he said. “If
friend wife knows what he’s been up
to these last few evenings, I miss my
guess!”

  “Not another dame?” Inspector
Forbes asked.

   “Well, yes and no. You see this bird,
Riddel, is on an entertainment commit-
tee for the wholesale men’s clothing
merchants, and they’ve been getting a
show ready for the out-of-town buyers,
who are due to-morrow night. That is,
the show is billed for them. And it’s a
snappy revue, take it from me.”

  Huffner went into details. Forbes
listened and nodded.

  “That ought to be about right,” he
commented. “I’ll just drop in and have
a talk with our friend.”

  He found Jim Riddel already seated
at his desk, plowing through a stack of
letters to which he was dictating replies.
The man from headquarters came into
the private office with a slow and im-
DS-7C

pressive step. His formidable gaze
transfixed the business man.

  Riddel hastily dismissed his stenog-
rapher.

  “What is it, officer?” he demanded,
after Forbes had shown his shield.

  “Why, mister, it’s about an entertain-
ment you commercial gents have been
rehearsing—behind locked doors—for
the last few evenings. A report has
been turned in on it: something about a
young woman who does a dance on the
table, and afterward passes around
something that isn’t sweet cider to the
guests. You remember that theatrical
gent that spent some time down at At-
lanta for putting on the wrong kind of
a dinner?”

  Jim’s eyes bulged. He sat slumped
back in his chair, staring glassily at his
visitor. He had begun to perspire.

  “For Heaven’s sake, officer, isn’t
there some way this thing can be hushed
up?” he inquired, his voice raised hardly
above a whisper. “If my wife was to

hear of it-”

  “Oh, you’re a married man, are you?
Well, that doesn’t make it any better.
You ought to be ashamed, skipping
around down there and trying to ogle
this toe dancer. Hush it up? What do
you mean, hush it up? Are you try-
ing to bribe me ?”

  He looked so fiercely at Jim Riddel
that the latter for a moment turned his
harried eyes aside.

  “Really, officer,” Jim muttered, “I
don’t know what to do! I didn’t see
any harm in the thing. These buyers
are all out-of-town men, and they ex-
pect us to put on something snappy for
their entertainment. I take the full re-
sponsibility for this feature you object
to. There’s nothing wrong about it, as
far as I’m concerned, I assure you. I’ve
hardly spoken to the young lady.”
“Hardly spoken to her?”

  “Well, I had to explain to her what
we wanted.”

  “You explained about the costume
98

Detective Story Magazine

and the stuff on the table, I suppose?
What does your wife think of it all?
Doesn’t she object?”

  Jim mopped his face on his handker-
chief.

  “I don’t trouble my wife about busi-
ness affairs,” he explained. “She
wouldn’t be interested.”

  “Well, I guess I’ll go around and talk
with her about it. Women have a kind
of intuition in these kind of things, and,
if she gives you a clean bill of health,
I’ll be inclined to drop it.”

  Inspector Forbes knew that he was
running close to the wind. Of course,
these old coots were putting on a show
that would undoubtedly shock sensitive-
minded elderly people, but there was
nothing intrinsically wrong with it. If
he pushed the thing too far, he was apt
to be called up before the chief to ex-
plain. Well, then, he must substitute
suggestion and innuendo for harsher
methods.

  Jim Riddel said:

  “I’d rather you didn’t bother my wife
with this, officer. I’d rather she didn’t
know anything about it.”

  “I’ll think it over,” Inspector Forbes
replied. “I ought to talk with her, but
I’ll see what can be done. Just keep
this under your hat, and I’ll do my best
for you.”

  And there was another detail out of
the way, he mused, as he went down
into the street and climbed into his car.
Jim would be in a condition of uncer-
tainty. He wouldn’t know whether or
not Helen had been informed of his re-
cent activities as an entertainer.

  “With that bee buzzing around in his
bonnet, he won’t have much spunk left
to chevy Mrs. Riddel,” the detective de-
cided. “I don’t think he will make any
more bother.”

  Inspector Forbes returned to his office
and gloomily read the notes on his desk.
He listened to the reports of some of
the men who had been sent out to pick
up Clyde Donovan. Nothing had been

heard of the fugitive. Apparently he
had left the city.

  Forbes took up the search in person
that day. In company with Charley Hin
he visited every obscure lodging bouse
in the quarter below the dead line.

  From time to time the two men
looked cryptically at each other.

  “You think I won’t catch him?”
Forbes demanded.

  “When the sage pursues, he sits with
his eyes closed,” the Chinaman replied.

  For an instant there was almost a
sneer about his thin lips.

  “Meaning he uses his head instead of
his feet ?” the inspector said softly.
“And you think I’m not smart enough
to do that, Charley Hin? Do you re-
member the tub, and the water, and the
little tin disk?”

  The pupils of Forbes’ steely eyes con-
tracted for an instant to pin points. He
stared down at the man at his side.
Then they, were walking on, down a
street faced by Chinese houses, with
carved red-and-gilt balconies.

  But Donovan had apparently stepped
off the earth into the fourth dimension.
Forbes called headquarters from time to
time, but nothing had been heard of the
missing man there. And so the day
passed, and evening again was descend-
ing over the city. The two men so
oddly paired, had eaten and drunk to-
gether. They spoke but little, but some-
thing—an unspoken but mutually under-
stood tie—held them with their shoul-
ders almost touching.

  As dusk thickened into darkness, In-
spector Forbes paused and stood think-
ing.

  “Hin, my friend,” he said after a time
of frowning consideration, “I have a
feeling that some folks would call a
‘hunch,’ to-night. I believe we’re close
to the end of our search. Come, what
is it the Frenchmen say? ‘Look for the
dame’? Let us look up the woman in
the case! Into the car with you!”

  In the police car they drove across
The Chinese Tub

99

the city. Forbes parked beside a church
and climbed out.

  “Come!” he said again.

  The Riddel house was around the cor-
ner, but, as they were quietly approach-
ing it, Inspector Forbes suddenly saw a
figure slide from one clump of shrub-
bery, over at the right, to another. Some
one was approaching the side window,
looking upon the lawn.

  “Come!” he said for the third time.
But now he spoke through his teeth.
“After him, Hin!”

   The race perhaps is not always to the
swift, but, on the present occasion, In-
spector Forbes' long legs were a decid-
ing factor. He was good for a sprint,
he knew, but his wind wouldn’t hold out
for any Marathon. So he put his heart
into the matter, and. in less than thirty
seconds after he had spotted that mys-
terious figure, slipping from bush to
bush, he had collared it. Forbes was
puffing, but he held his prisoner by the
shoulder and slid his free hand to his
gun.

  “It’s quite all right, officer!” the
black-haired, rugged-faced man before
him said. “No need for that! I’ll come
along peaceably!”

  “Your name is Donovan?”

  “I’m Clyde Donovan. I was coming
in after I talked with Mrs.—after I got
through with one little detail—to give
myself up!”

  “You took your time about it,” the
man from headquarters grumbled. “But
I have you now. Do you want to see
my warrant?”

  “No need for that.” the younger man
said quietly again. “I’m willing to come
with you.”

CHAPTER X.

FORBES EXPLAINS.

CIVE people sat in the room in which
Theo Bursley had been murdered,
and a sixth stood with his broad shoul-
ders against the door leading into the
hall. Charley Hin’s chair was placed

against the other door, the one leading
into the little lean-to porch connecting
with the back stairs.

  “Don’t let any one out there, Char-
ley,” Inspector Forbes said. His hand
groped at his back. Yes, the hall door
was bolted. “And now. Miss Gwendolin
St. John, or whatever your name really
is, we’re ready to listen to you!” the de-
tective added.

  Gwendolin St. John sat in a corner.
At her left was Helen Riddel; at her
right the jaunty-looking young medical
examiner. Now she raised her sullen
eyes and stared at Forbes.

  “What do you want me to say?” she
demanded.

  “The truth. That yarn of yours
about having been at the Bijou all eve-
ning won’t wash, you know. You
sneaked out the stage door when the
watchman was sitting near the street,
and you went out by way of the alley.
You came straight over here; it took
you less than five minutes, for you were
in a hurry. You came up here. Now
you tell it!”

  The actress’ lips were twitching, and
there was an unhealthy pallor upon her
cheeks. Forbes stood studying her.
She wouldn’t hold out.

  “If I tell the truth, will you let me
go—to-night?” she demanded, her voice
low and unsteady.

  “Tell your story and we’ll see. I’ll
do my best for you. If you don’t come
clean, I’ll hold you for the grand jury.
That may sew you up for weeks, or
even months!”

  She shivered, as with actual cold. For
an instant her eyes shifted to the rear
door, guarded by the seated Chinaman.

  “All right.” she said. “But if you
think I killed Marx, you’re crazy? Why
should I ?”

  “He was handling a blackmail job for
you ? He was what might be called your
‘agent’ ?”

  She hesitated, then nodded. Clyde
Donovan, seated across the room, stared
100

Detective Story Magazine

 and slid to the edge of his chair. He
 seemed about to break in, but a warn-
 ing glance from Forbes checked him.

   “If you want to put it that way,”
 Miss St. John muttered. “I’d tried to
 get a little money out of this young
 fool, but I couldn’t quite get him to
 come through. He was scared, but his
 family keep him on short allowance.
 Marx said he could make him pay, if
 he had to steal the money. I had to have
 it.”

  “For dope!” Inspector Forbes
 thought. But what he said was, “All
 right. What did you come up here
 for ?”

   “I hadn’t heard from Marx for some
 time. Naturally, I didn’t trust him. I
 got to thinking about it. I was hard
 up and I made up my mind I’d tell him
 either to come across with some money
 or give me my letters back.”

   “How many were there?” the detec-
 tive inquired.

   “Eight—counting the one you have.”
 Forbes looked at Clyde Donovan.
 Donovan looked steadily back.

   “Go on!” the inspector commanded.
 “You came here—about what time?”

   “I should think you’d know that with
 all your smartness! It was just half
 past ten when I got here.”

   “Go on. You came up, and what did
 you see?”

   “I saw Marx, lying below the drop-
 light—dying!”

   “Dying?” The detective’s voice was
 sharp. “How do you know that?”
 “I’ve seen people die before. He was
 breathing about once every ten seconds,
 and there was a rattle in his throat.”
 “What did you do?”

   “Well, what could I do? I couldn’t
 bring him back to life. I crossed to
 that box couch and looked into it. But
 the papers were gone, all of them.”
 Again, for an instant, Inspector
 Forbes and young Donovan exchanged
 glances. Then the man from headquar-
 ters was staring at the St. John woman.

  “Was the door open when you came
in ?”

  “No, but it wasn’t locked.”

  “And that door over there?”

  She glanced uncertainly at the rear
door.

  "I think both of those bolts were fas-
tened,” she said. “But I wouldn’t swear
to it.”

  “All right, go on. When you didn’t
find the papers in the couch, what did
you do?”

  “I got scared, all of a sudden. Marx
had quit breathing, and his eyes were
half open and half shut. He was kind
of grinning at me, and I ran for it.”
“Out into the hall, down two flights
of stairs, into the street! Now, did you
see any one while you were going
down ?”

  The actress turned and pointed
steadily at Clyde Donovan.

  “He was coming up as I went down!”
“Coming back up here? You’re
sure ?”

  “Yes. He stopped and looked after
me. I know because I turned at the
foot of the steps and looked back up at
him.”

  Inspector Borbes nodded and turned
his unfriendly glance upon Donovan.

  “Now, you!” he said grimly. “What
have you got to say for yourself?”
Clyde shook his head.

“Wait a moment,” said he. “Let’s
get this straight. This young woman
was in the blackmail business herself?
She was in with the fellow I beat up?”
“You heard what she said!”

  Clyde looked angrily around at the
faces turned upon his own.

  “Will some one kindly kick me?” he
inquired. “I’m the biggest dub in cap-
tivity! All right, inspector, what is it
you want me to tell?”

  “I want you to tell everything that
happened here, the night of the murder.
Remember, you are not being offered

any kind of immunity-”

 “Immunity your grandmother!”
The Chinese Tub

101

Clyde broke in impatiently. “I didn’t
kill him if that’s what you mean. And
this young woman didn’t either, eh?
What a fool I am!”

  He shook his head, but resumed be-
fore Forbes had a chance to prompt
him.

  “I came up here on some private busi-
ness which doesn’t concern any one but
me. I had my opinion of this fellow,
Bursley, or Marx or whatever his name
was, before I came. But he made some
remarks directly he learned what my
business with him was that were enough
to fry the back of your neck! You see,
he had a gun in his pocket, and he felt
safe. So he told me what he thought
about me, and he went on to say some
other things.”

  A flush had started up in the speak-
er’s cheeks. He snapped his fingers,
looked angrily at the detective and con-
tinued.

  “I didn’t let him get far. There are
some things no man is going to say
around me without having a fight on
his hands. I jumped him, and he jerked
out his gun. I hit it with the flat of
my hand and knocked it under the bed.
Then we had it right. He was wiry and
full of tricks. He tried to gouge my
eyes and to sink his teeth into my throat.
It was like fighting an ape or a baboon.
But I worked away at his ribs, and he
began to slow down. Then I let him
have it over the ear, and we went down
in a heap.”

  “And then you stabbed him ? Or did
you get the letters first?”

  “Aw, forget it!” Clyde Donovan re-
quested wearily. “I didn’t stab him.
What the deuce would I do that for?
I’d taken him to one honest beating, and
I had no trouble finding the letters.
That was all I wanted with him!”
“You took the letters! And after
that?”

  “I went down into an alley and
burned them. It seemed to be the only
thing to do, as I didn’t have time to

sort out the ones belonging to—the ones
I had come for from the others. I
didn’t want to be lugging other people’s
love notes around with me. I figured
whoever had written them would be
best pleased if they were turned into
ashes, so I looked after that. And then
I went back to Bursley’s room, just as
this—this woman has told you. I
wanted to be sure I hadn’t missed any-
thing. I noticed the scared look on her
face, as she came down. She kind of
shrank against the wall, and then she
went as fast as she could. So, when I
got back upstairs and found some one
had got to him while I was away, and
had killed him, I thought of her!”

  The speaker paused to give Gwen-
dolin St. John a scathing look.

  “If I’d known the kind of woman she
was,” he added indignantly, “I wouldn't
have bothered to take myself off!”

  “So that’s your line! You ran away
to save the lady? How did you think
that would help?”

  “Well, I dropped my cigarette case,
which I was pretty sure you could trace.
I had a notion to put my name and ad-
dress in it to be sure, and I thought
you’d figure I did the killing, and look
for me. That would give her time to
clear out!”

  Inspector Forbes had flushed at men-
tion of the planted cigarette case. His
steely eyes were more unpleasant than
usual as he held them unwaveringly on
Clyde Donovan.

  “Well, you’re not as smart as you
probably think yourself,” he commented.
“You dropped your cigarette case on
purpose or so you say; but you also
dropped one of Miss St. John’s letters,
and I found it and picked her up. If
she’s done the killing—but w^ait a bit!”
On a low bench against the west wall
of the room stood a bulky something
covered with a newspaper. Inspector
Forbes stepped over it to and drew the
papers away. The Chinese tub, still
filled with water, was revealed.
102

Detective Story Magazine

  “Donovan, there’s something in that
tub that I want,’.’ the inspector said.
“Just fish it out and hand it to me, will
you?”

  Clyde Donovan stared, stood up, and
approached the tub. He peered down
into it, then, with a frown of bewilder-
ment, drew his sleeve above his elbow
and dipped his hand down into the
water. He drew out a small, shining
tin disk and turned with it to Forbes.

  “Though what the deuce you wanted
with it,” he muttered, “I don’t see-”

  A chair turned over with a crash.
One of the seated figures was up, was
jerking at the rear door. Charley Hin
moved so swiftly that he was in the
shed before Forbes could do anything
to stop him.

  But next moment the Chinaman was
back in the death room. He ran with
amazing speed straight for the inspec-
tor. In his right hand was a wicked-
looking knife.

  Inspector Forbes should have been
prepared for just this, but the startling
quickness of his attacker’s movements
took him by surprise. The Chinaman
struck; Forbes cried out in a thick, pro-
testing voice. Then they were tangled
together, were flailing about the room,
falling over chairs, bumping into walls,
stampeding the two women.

  Shouts and pounding of feet sounded
from the rear stairs. Four plain-clothes
men were precipitated into the room as
if they had been fired out of a trick
cannon. But Hin had freed his knife
hand and had drawn it back for a final,
fatal blow. The detectives would have
been too late to rescue their chief, had
it not been for the intervention of Clyde
Donovan. With a cry of dismay, he
leaped across, stood for a moment sort-
ing out the various arms, legs and heads
whirling before him, and then struck.
His fist landed with an audible thud,
and Inspector Forbes staggered back,
releasing his hold on the wiry figure of
his enemy. Charley Hin dropped to the

floor and lay there, his fingers quivering,
the Chinese dagger with which he had
killed Marx, or Bursley, and had so
nearly killed Inspector Forbes, lying
where it had fallen.

  The detective had been struck one
glancing blow on the wrist. Doctor
Giddings, cool and debonair as usual,
quickly bandaged it. Then the young
medical examiner stood looking down
to where Hin, securely handcuffed, was
lying. He drew up the Chinaman’s
sleeves, stooped farther and uttered an
exclamation of triumph.

  “There you are, inspector,” said he.
“Cuticle gone from both foreams.
Bursley put up a fight for his life.”

  “I knew his forearms were scratched
yesterday,” Inspector Forbes grunted.
He was running his handkerchief round
the inside of his collar; it had been a
hot fight, while it lasted. “When he
stuck his hand down into the tub with-
out hauling up his sleeve, he stopped
just a moment and I could see him
thinking it over. You see, I’d tried out
every one else I could locate who had so
much as spoken to Marx, and had them
up here for the great Chinese tub scene.
All the others pulled up their sleeves.
Some of them tried to fish it out with
a stick, but that round disk couldn’t be
handled that way; that’s why I used it.
Miss St. John, there, had a short-sleeved
rig on the first time I went up to see her.
She was in the clear—no scratches.
Donovan was the last man on the list,
though I was pretty certain it was Hin,
by that time. If you’d just come for-
ward, young fellow, so that I could have
had your story to fit into the case, for
the medical examiner and the prelim-
inary hearing—but you had to go tear-
ing off, protecting the innocent young
thing you thought had done the job!”

  “I thought he’d been blackmailing
her, and, if he had, I’d have let them
hang me rather than betray her for giv-
ing what he had coming,” Clyde con-
fessed.
The Chinese Tub

103

  “No doubt you would. Well, doc, I
guess you get the trophy! It was you
and your microscope that did the trick.
All I had to do was to run down the
one party out of a million or so that
had had cuticle scratched off the fore-
arms. And then gather in the lost sheep
and get them to blat their stories. You
win!”

  The young physician looked reprov-
ing. “I just gave you a little technical
assistance, inspector. You caught the
killer!”

  Charley Hin was moving about, his
eyes open, his manacled hands groping
toward his throat. He smiled evilly as
the inspector looked down at him.

  “The voice of the fool is never still,”
said he. “But the dagger whispers a
word, and the strong man bows him-
self in obeisance!”

  “What did you kill him for, Char-
ley?” Forbes demanded. “Was he
blackmailing you, too ?”

  “He stole my sweetheart—in China,”
Hin replied. “He was a white devil,
and she was a yellow rose. Now she is
dead, and he is dead, and you may do
as you please with me! I have been
educated in the white man’s schools, and
believe neither in his gods nor in my
own. The words of the wise man and
the words of fools are alike. For a
little while they break the silence—and
then both alike are still.”

  Forbes nodded.

  “And a good thing it is at that,” he
commented philosophically. “It would
be a bad day for the detective business j
if dead men began talking. All they’d J

have to do with a murder kick is to
bring the body of the deceased in, and
let him tell the jury his story!”

  Jim Riddel returned late that night,
a worried look on his face. He came
into his wife’s room, paused as he
crossed the threshold, and seemed to be
studying her expression.

  “Everything all right, dear?” he in-
quired anxiously. “I got home as early
as I could. I had to talk over a little
matter with some fellows.”

  The words stuck in his throat. He
blushed till his face seemed about to
catch fire.

  Helen was now looking steadily at
him.

  “Jim,” she said softly, “what did my
friend, Inspector Forbes, do to you?”

  “Your friend—Inspector Forbes-”

  But Jim was in no condition to talk.
He mopped his forehead and sank into
a chair.' He stole a stealthy glance at
the very pretty and obviously amused
young woman who sat watching him.

  “Tell me, dear, do you love me?” he
blurted.

“Of course! How can you ask?”
“And there isn’t any one else?”
“There never has been, Jim! You
have always been my hero—my sun-
crowned hero!”

  Jim made a rush at her and gath-
ered her into his arms.

  “I’m a fool!’ he whispered. “But no
more of that jealousy stuff for me! It
burns me up!”

  Helen smiled up at him through misty
eyes.

c\&r>

BUSY DAYS FOR THE POISONER

A MAN who was arrested a few months ago on the charge of poisoning a night
watching of a New York laboratory has been found to be a chronic poisoner.
Apparently, the poisoning business became a never-ending source of delight. He
admitted to having perpetrated twelve of these atrocities, and not only admitted
but boasted of it. His manner when arraigned before the judge was nonchalant
and undisturbed.
His Date With Death

THERE WAS NO ROOM IN HIM FOR HATE OR MALICE.

By Clinton Danger field

Author of “That Legal Crime,” etc.

|HELTER, temporary safety
and fire Claibourne had, but
no food. He faced the grim
necessity of going down into
the plain to seek supplies, at the risk
which it involved.

  He drank again from the spring near
him, tightened his belt an inch more,
made his way down the mountain, and
thence into the foothills, six feet of
lithe, young manhood, a lonely but gal-
lant figure, firm-lipped, the gray eyes
steady and piercing.

  The sun was now near setting. The
friendly shades of night would, he
hoped, enable him to secure needed food
from some prosperous kitchen.

  He pushed on, keeping what cover he
could find—for, although he had se-
cured a suit of ordinary clothing, he
was a marked man. Over him hung the
sword of the State’s price on his head,
for this day had been appointed as Clai-
bourne’s date with death. He had
broken jail last week, through un-
exampled courage and ingenuity. He
had good hopes of making a seaport and
starting life again where he’d be un-
known. Hope is uncrushable at twenty-
two.

 He moved on, watching the road
which he paralleled, but dared not fol-
low, listening with strained ears for the
slightest sound of men. To him they
His Date With Death

105

were no longer men but a wolf pack
trailing him.

  Yet it wasn’t a man that halted him.
It was the sudden sight of a roadside
placard nailed to a white oak. Noth-
ing about the reward, but showing, in
sprawling handwriting, a message at
which the fugitive stared in mingled as-
tonishment and fury.

  Absorbed in the paragraph written
there, he did not hear the approach of
two horsemen until they were almost
on him. But he was so swift and so
silent in rushing back to his cover in the
green Kentucky copse that he gained a
hiding place in time.

  The riders halted at the writing and
read it in evident astonishment. One
of them frowned as he exclaimed:

  “I don’t see why Claibourne should
poke his neck any further into the noose
by carrying off Lucy Whitwire!”

  “Must be plumb off his head about
her,” returned the other. “Darn pretty!
Ain’t she, Tapsalter?”

  “Lucy Whitwire,” said the first
speaker, a heavy-set, middle-aged man,
“is lovely, in an unusual sort of way.
Her hair’s the palest gold. Her skin’s
translucent with just a faint wash of
rose on the cheeks. Her eyes are blue,
but it's so pale a blue that it’s just a
pastel color, barely blue at all. And yet
the eyes are beautiful and fringed round
with great long, soft lashes. She has
a very pretty humility in the way she
drops her lids. Flatters a man. Her
mouth’s that Cupid’s-bow business. Her
hands are small and sort of fluttery, like
little butterflies. She’s a peg to hang
dreams on.”

  The other stared.

  “You always talk queerly, Tapsalter,”
he said. Then as Tapsalter gathered up
his reins, “Wait till I fix this stirrup
leather. Wasn’t this Shelton Claibourne
engaged to Kate Seymour?”

  “Yes,” growled Tapsalter, “and she’d
have stood by him through thick and
thin. But Lucy Whitwire, engaged to

Claibourne, broke her engagement with
the first hint of suspicion that he was a
murderer. She never even waited for
the decision in court. Of course, her
father had been against it from the first
and Lucy never would have been en-
gaged to this fellow, Shelton Claibourne,
if it hadn’t been that Claibourne owned
as strong a will in his way as Whitwire
did in his. Their wills balanced about
even for Lucy! But with love in the
balance, the scales went down on Clai-
bourne’s side.”

  “On the other hand,” remarked the
other, “when he was arrested, the scales
went down on her dad’s side, didn’t
they?”

  “Yes,” said Tapsalter. “She wrote
Shelton Claibourne a sweet little note
saying that she knew of course he
wouldn’t want her dragged into any-
thing like that. You might say that
Shelton Claibourne was lucky to get
free of her!”

  “How could he be lucky about any-
thing when he’s a hunted fugitive up in
the hills—a man who should have been
hung to-day and only cheated the gal-
lows by a margin so narrow it was
something like a miracle! The devil
with this leather! It’s plumb rotten!”

  “You ride with too short a stirrup—
throws a steady strain on the strap,”
said Tapsalter. “Claibourne’s like me
—a long stirrup rider. I hope he gets
through to a seaport.”

  “Then he’d better not fool around
with Lucy Whitwire,” retorted his com-
panion. And the two rode on together,
leaving the man in the copse mutely
staring after them.

  Lucy Whitwire!

  Yes, they had described her rightly.
She was a feather, and no more, whirled
on the wind of other people’s wills. And
in order to win Lucy’s moonlight-and-
lily loveliness he had turned away, like
a fool, from the less ethereal beauty of
Kate Seymour. Kate of the steadfast
eyes and of a constancy so great that,
106

Detective Story Magazine

when the storm rose against Shelton
Claibourne, it was she who had visited
him and had tried to console him.

  Neither girl could ever be his now.
He no longer desired Lucy. He re-
called with amazement his infatuation
for her. And any hope of life with
Kate would have been too fantastic to
contemplate. For he was a hunted
fugitive who had barely escaped the
noose for the present, and might yet
be taken in its hideous circle.

  He stared again at the written plac-
ard. Lucy! Carried off! This thing
had happened to her. There was at least
one man whom she had wrought to a
desperation ready to take any chance—
Jim Brocklehurst.

  A cruel savage, suspected of crimes
which might land him in jail for the
rest of his life. Fox clever, for he had
forged Claibourne’s handwriting, had
loaded on Claibourne all suspicion!

  Lucy! What better did she deserve?
The dream was ashes. Let her go!
Madness to think of her! Madness to
waste pity on her merely because she
had once been “the peg on which to
hang his dreams.”

  What if chance had given him, Shel-
ton Claibourne, knowledge of-

  Hang it all, he must get about his busi-
ness of obtaining supplies. This was
life, to be caught in the clutch of cir-
cumstance, to be broken on the wheel
of accident. Let her take her share of
it!

  As the shades of night darkened
around Shelton Claibourne in his search
for food, lights began to appear here
and there in the fine mansion of John
Whitwire—prosperous Kentucky tobac-
conist and influential citizen.

  Gas and electric lights hadn’t come in
yet. Yellow kerosene lamps were the
source of illumination. One of the
largest of these blazed out from John
Whitwire’s private den. A match had
been put to it by Whitwire’s crony,

Peter Tapsalter, who had just arrived
and was waiting for his friend to come
in.

  Tapsalter was a man who took life
easily. He sat there smoking placidly,
but listening keenly.

  Now he heard on the driveway below
the drumming rhythm of a horse ap-
proaching at a hand gallop. And, in a
few moments, John Whitwire strode in,
haggard and dusty.

  He closed the door behind him. Tap-
salter did not rise. He only said very
quietly:

  “Got your wire and came at once. I
hear you’ve been in the saddle day and
night hunting her. No luck at all?”
Whitwire flung himself into a chair.
He sat erect even in his grief. A
finely chiseled, impressive-looking man!
Piercing-eyed, with a gaze as hard as
a hawk’s! His words filtered through
his closed teeth biting down on his rage
and despair, as he answered:

  “No luck at all. She’s gone! That
devil, Claibourne, has found a way to
knife me in the back! I’ll never see
Lucy again! Look here!”

  Tapsalter took the paper, glanced at
it, and returned it to Whitwire, saying
slowly:

  “Yes, I saw one just like it on my
way here. It’s evidently been posted in
duplicate. Are you sure that’s Clai-
bourne’s handwriting?”

  “Of course I’m sure. I’ve seen his
signature many a time on his letters to
Lucy. But if the placard were printed
it would still be genuine, for Claibourne
would have dictated it!”

  Whitwire sprang up as he spoke. He
walked about in great agitation.

  “Lord!” he said thickly. “My Lucy
at the mercy of a man who escaped
with the noose almost around his neck!”
Tapsalter said slowly: “Yes, he’d
have been hung all right if he hadn’t
escaped. Even ‘the pardoning governor’
wouldn’t pardon him. And yet, some-
how, I never could quite figure that.
His Date With Death

107

So many people think Claibourne inno-
cent. He-”

  But Whit wire interrupted him pas-
sionately :

  “Shelton Claibourne’s son! Clai-
bourne, the second, worse than even his
father was!”

  “Whitwire,” Tapsalter said, frown-
ing, “you never were quite normal on
the subject of the Claibournes! You’ve
got a hate hang-over that’s worse than
any whisky hang-over I ever saw. Lots
of people believe this Shelton Claibourne
to be innocent. But you only see in him
an enemy’s son. You only see in him
the breed of a man who took Ellen
Bracebridge away from you and mar-
ried her. Because of this fugitive’s
mother, you aren’t quite normal where
these Claibournes are concerned!”
Whitwire whipped fiercely round on
him.

  “Is this any time to be preaching to

me ?”

  Tapsalter thrust his hands into his
pockets!

  “Don’t be an idiot,” he said. “I’m
not preaching. I’m trying to make you
feel that your girl, Lucy, could be in
worse hands than Shelton Claibourne's.”
Whitwire cried out, his fingers balling
into fists:

  “How could the whole thing be
worse? This is the day on which Shel-
ton Claibourne was due to be hung. In-
stead of that, he’s up in these inacces-
sible Nightmare Mountains somewhere
with my girl. Tapsalter, do something!
Can’t you ? For Heaven’s sake, is there
nothing you can think of?”

  “I’ll go and wire for a brace of dogs
I heard of yesterday. Maybe they can

pick up the scent. Until then-”

  He snapped off the sentence, and both
men whirled at the sound of a low but
dominant voice from the door:

  “Reach, gentlemen!”

  Their hands went up, for there at the
closed door stood the man who had a
date with death—Shelton Claibourne.

  Their hands had gone up instinctively.
But now they saw that Shelton Clai-
bourne’s hands were empty. His voice,
as low but as dominant as before, broke
a trifle mockingly on their ears:

  “I merely wanted to keep your hands
in the air long enough to let you get
used to my presence, gentlemen. I have
no gun!”

  Whitwire’s revolver leaped out.
Shelton Claibourne smiled a little con-
temptuously.

  “I wouldn’t bother with that sort of
thing,” he said. “You can kill me any
time you like. An unarmed man is no
danger to you. But let us talk first. I
came here about Lucy. I didn’t write
that note. That was posted by the man
who really got your daughter and fixed
the blame on me. A pretty shrewd
trick, chalking it up to the revenge mo-
tive that I might have against you be-
cause you have never been my friend
and have always opposed my engage-
ment to Lucy.”

  His eager glance went directly to Tap-
salter.

  “You, Mr. Tapsalter,” he continued,
“discussed this matter with a friend of
yours when you passed the placard
posted near a thick copse. I was there,
listening. I’d already seen that placard.
And I wish I’d never seen it. For I’ve
had a devil of a fight with myself. On
the one side I already had safety. And
on the other, there was Lucy in the
hands of this man.”

  “In the hands of what man?” Tap-
salter demanded sharply.

  Whitwire seemed beyond speech. His
gun hand had fallen to his side, and he
was listening in a confused astonish-
ment.

  “What man?” repeated Tapsalter in-
sistently.

  “The man,” answered Shelton Clai-
bourne, “who has always been suspected
through this whole county of illegal
practices; even suspected of counterfeit-
ing. And yet nothing has ever been
108

Detective Story Magazine

proved against him. Do you know who
I mean?”

  “Jim Brocklehurst!” exclaimed Tap-
salter. “And you claim he forged this
message in your handwriting?”

  “Tapsalter, if it were not so, would
I be here?”

  Tapsalter cursed.

  Claibourne’s gaze flashed to Whit-
wire.

  “Don’t misunderstand me, John Whit-
wire !” he said. “I haven’t come to you
for the love that I feel for Lucy now.
I’ve ceased to love her. But I can never
forget all she stirred in me when we
were engaged. A man’s first dream of
love is never forgotten. For the sake
of that dream, I’ve risked everything to
come here because this was the one place
in which a man, Lucy’s father, would
be driven by love of her to trust me
with horses and guns and help, secret
help.”

  Whitwire was dumb. The fugitive
rushed on. “I want you, Whitwire, and
I want you. Tapsalter. But first of all
I want food and drink. And then the
three of us will take her to-night from
the hands of Jim Brocklehurst. I know
where he’s got her hidden. There’s only
one place where he could put through
a thing like this. He has an ally up
there in the hills. Lucy’ll be forced into
marriage there to-night. Brocklehurst
won’t find that hard. Whatever the
strongest mind nearest her wills, she
does. But maybe we’ll get there in
time, Whitwire, to give her back into
your hands, still Lucy Whitwire.”
Whitwire gasped. Every word that
this fugitive spoke was weighted with
truth. Haggard from lack of food,
scratched with briers, dusty with crawl-
ing on his hands and knees through
bushes where he must have cover, un-
armed and condemned—Shelton Clai-
bourne held in the hollow of his hand
the two men listening to him.

  Claibourne continued sharply: “You,
Tapsalter, go down to the kitchen and

fetch for us here coffee and food. Loclc
the door after you when you go out,
so that no one can get in here. But
hurry!”

  Tapsalter went. He sped to the
kitchen. And, in his going, he muttered
to himself, jumbled sentences and
strange oaths.

  An hour later three men were far
into the foothills that prefaced the
mountains rising in grim majesty above
them.

  They were headed for a woods road
which twisted up into those heights
where the law lost interest and did not
try to penetrate. They rode three
blooded Kentucky horses, and they were
about to rise into realms where nature
still claims her own and bars out with
jutting boulder and closed forest the
intrusions of civilization. A strange
forest country of good and of ill, in
which the good predominates and yet
suffers with indifference the existence
of crime, holding that each man’s home
is his own castle and therein he may do
what he pleases. So long as he does not
intrude upon the castle of his neighbor,
he is safe.

  Those three riders—the impeccable
citizen John Whitwire, his respected
friend Tapsalter and the fugitive who
had that day a date with the noose—had
not yet gained the woods road when
they heard the bang and rattle of steel-
tired buckboard, the rapid trot of har-
nessed horses.

  Shelton Claibourne spurred his horse
into the darkening safety of a little
ravine hidden from the roadway by a
thick screen of brush. Yet, when the
buckboard halted before the other two
riders, the fugitive was not a yard away
from the sheriff of the county who
snarled out:

  “Who’s there?” And then, “Oh, it’s
you, Mr. Whitwire and Mr. Tapsalter?”
The sheriff’s tone changed into respect
and sympathy. “I suppose you’re on the
same errand as myself, hunting that es-
His Date With Death

109

caped murderer—Shelton Claibourne.
He’s put the cap on the climax by ab-
ducting your girl! I never heard of
such gall in a criminal! Have you any
clew ?”

  “No,” said Whitwire, “no clew.”

  His tone was monotonous. He felt
strangely shaken. A sudden doubt had
come over him about Shelton Clai-
bourne. Perhaps Lucy was already this
fugitive’s wife and he himself was be-
ing trapped into the mountains to be
murdered! A thousand grim sugges-
tions darted through his mind, and, for
a second, he was torn by conflicting dis-
trust and suspicion. Then the sheriff
said:

  “I’ve had a tip, Mr. Whitwire. A
sure tip. Claibourne’s headed for the
junction. He’s aiming to swing a
freight there. And I’m aiming to be
there in time. You can come with me,
if you like, and leave the horses. Or
you can turn back and ride at your lei-
sure. Ain’t no use in your going on
here!”

  “Thanks,” said Whitwire in the same
blank voice. “I’ll turn back and ride at
my leisure. I hope you get him, sher-
iff.”

  “I hope I do,” said the sheriff. “I
never heard of such a thing. Gallows’
food like him going off with a girl like
your Lucy. So long.”

  The buckboard was gone. The con-
demned man rode out from the little
ravine. The three resumed their jour-
ney.

  In a hundred yards they turned into
the woods road, which was overgrown
with bushes. The road was still used
occasionally, but the forest dwellers who
used it drove their heavy wagons over
the brush and weeds.

  Higher the riders rose and higher.

  The moon climbed with them as they
went. And the thoughts of Whitwire
were like the night—patches of white
and patches of black. For black hate of
Claibourne rode in Whitwire’s heart,

and white hope that he might still save
his Lucy, his idolized daughter.

  Another hour passed. And, suddenly,
Claibourne checked them.

  “Listen!” he exclaimed. “I hear a
man singing. And you can tell by the
way the sound shifts that he’s patrolling
a cliff under the house in which we’ll
find Lucy. Since there are sentinels
out, the wedding must be going on
now!”

  “Kill him!” Whitwire said in a low,
hoarse and murderous tone. “He’ll give
the alarm and we’ll loose everything.
Kill him!”

  “No,” Claibourne retorted. “Life is
as sweet to him as to you and me. I’ll
get him in a way that won’t do him any
great harm. You stay here with the
horses.”

  He tossed his own reins to Whitwire
and disappeared into the underbrush,
making a steady and extraordinarily
noiseless way toward the sentinel.

  Claibourne came out on the ledge just
above his man. But the fellow by that
time had ridden up the road a little way.
There he halted, yawned, seemed half
minded to go farther still.

  Then he turned his horse, grumbling
aloud to the night, cursing his luck that
he had been set upon this solitary job
when, up at the outlaw den above, feast-
ing and drinking were going on!

  Nothing is so bad that it can’t be
worse. Freedom of movement and a
cigarette, the sentinel had. But now, in
the midst of his cursing complaints,
there suddenly descended upon his
shoulders, dropping like a cougar from
the overhang, something which tore him
with irresistible strength from his horse,
pulling him down to the ground and
sending the terrified animal galloping
wildly off into the night.

  But the surprised sentinel did not
succumb tamely.

  He was a big man and a powerful
one. Moreover, as the two pitched to
the ground together, a writhing heave
110

Detective Story Magazine

of the outlaw’s body had brought him
on top. The destinies of that night
trembled in the balance as the two men
were molded together in a composite
form of fighting fury.

  They rolled and surged there, writing
the tale of their struggle on crushed
scrub and loosened soil. Then suddenly
one figure arose, partly, still kneeling on
the chest of the other, keeping the man
under him down by iron fingers locked
around his throat.

  Claibourne whistled. Whitwire and
Tapsalter came at a gallop.

  Three minutes later the sentinel was
looking back on his former occupation
as something he had totally failed to
appreciate! For instead of being able
to shift up and down the road as he
pleased he was hog tied! A stick with
a handerchief wrapped around it had
been fastened in his mouth by the simple
device of knotting another handkerchief
on the stick and then passing the cloth
around his head. Unable to yell, un-
able to move, except with the most pain-
ful floundering, he heard the hoofbeats
of three horses die rapidly away.

  His horse had been caught and tied
where it could carry no alarming tid-
ings.

  A few yards more and Claibourne
said coldly they must leave the horses
and go up the zigzag path which would
bring them out near a part of the house
little likely to be used, since the scal-
ing of the cliff on that side was no easy
matter.

  ‘Til lead the way,” he said. “You
follow.”

  “But, Lucy,” protested Whitwire.
“We can never bring her down those
rocks.”

  “No,” said Claibourne tersely. “We’ll
bring her around the safer way. We
can afford to do that then, for the whole
place will be in confusion. And Tap-
salter,” he added, “can take the horses
around to where the safe road conies
down. Just follow this dry creek bed,

Tapsalter, and you’ll come to it about
two miles down.”

  Tapsalter nodded, and, in another mo-
ment, was moving off on his own mount,
leading the other horses.

  Facing the cliff which was to be
scaled, Whitwire groaned aloud:

  “Oh! We can never make it!”

  “Cut that,” said Claibourne impa-
tiently. “Thoughts like those are a
chain drag on a man’s hands and feet.
We shall make it! Say that to your-
self !”

  “Claibourne,” began Whitwtire
hoarsely.

- The other man flashed round on him
and said curtly: “What? Don't burn
up our time here for nothing. Don’t
just stand there and talk.”

  “No,” said Whitwire. “No, you’re
right. Let’s go on.”

  Claibourne led the way.

  There was a cool confidence in his
movements, a reassurance in his steady
voice that occasionally called softly
down to the older man behind him; it
enabled Whitwire to do the thing he
had always feared—swarm up the face
of a broken cliff where a false footing
or the loosening of a shrub in some
cranny might mean pitching down to
the earth below.

  Whitwire had almost a phobia against
this kind of thing, and cold perspiration
sprang out in beads on his face as he
toiled upward—the dewy damp of ter-
ror.

  It seemed to Whitwire a century be-
fore finally he saw the man ahead of him
vanish over the top of a sort of shelf
and then beheld the hand of Claibourne
reach down to assist him.

  He grasped it eagerly, and now they
both stood on the top together.

  Jim Brocklehurst, a study in red, stood
before the half-drunken justice of the
peace whom he had purveyed for this
occasion.

  Red was Brocklehurst’s hair and nearly
His Date With Death

111

as red his large, coarse face, which yet
had a certain handsomeness in its shap-
ing. Red-brown were his eyes, fierce
and compelling. Reddish tan were his
big hands hanging by his side—hairy
and spatulate hands. There were scarlet
flashes in the tie that he wore to enhance
his personal appearance on this occasion.
It went well, he thought, that tie, with
his blue suit! He smiled at the justice,
and the smile showed a row of big white
teeth, flawless and glistening.

  Beside him stood the girl whom if'
had coerced into this marriage. Exactly
as Shelton Claibourne had foreseen, this
lovely feather tossed on the current of
men’s wills had not the personality to
save herself from any man’s persistence.

  She was of the kind that in great
cities go down into the dregs of life—
the kind that a higher class saves by
incessant watchfulness and chaperoning.
Yet, after her fashion, she felt rage and
despair over her situation. She realized
that the dominant and mesmeric will of
the man beside her was too strong to
fight. And yet she said to herself that
he was coarse, common, horrible.

  If she did not have courage, she had
taste. And in her pale way she hated
him as they stood there—and hated the
wedding guests behind her—nearly a
dozen lawless men. Some of them were
counterfeiters; several others were
thieves who preyed on the cattle and
stock in the valley below at scattered in-
tervals. And still others were men who
had taken refuge up here either from
the law or from the personal vengeance
of some of their own kin.

  This gathering constituted the ele-
ment which the better class of the forest
dwellers left strictly alone.

  The wedding guests were all in a good
humor, from Parsin, the knife thrower,
to Upwether, the giant, who was the
crack shot of the assemblage. Theo-
retically they should all have laid aside
their weapons for this occasion. But
they were men whose weapons were part

of them, as much so as their hands or
their feet. They were still armed.

  Though in liquor, the justice, renegade
as he was, felt uneasy. He said:

  “Jim, you sure this is all O. K. ?”
“Lucy,” commanded Brocklehurst’s
compelling voice, “tell him you want to
marry me!”

  She struggled to utter a denial, but
his fierce clutch was on her wrist. She
felt the red fire of his eyes plunging in
electric, positive waves through her
negative mind. Acquiescence was torn
out of her instead of denial.

  “I want,” she faltered, and the justice
could scarcely catch her faint tone, “to

  The word broke in its inception, and
she stiffened inside the arm which
Brocklehurst passed around her. Flash-
ing a quick look at her, he saw that her
features had changed. Her eyes were
dilated, her mouth slowly opening as
though the lips parted for a scream.

  While his eyes were on her face,
Brocklehurst heard behind him a rush
of sound, the blended confusion of
curses involuntarily reeking out from
half a dozen throats.

  With catlike quickness, his head
turned over his left shoulder in hurried
surprise. But he stared into the gaping
faces of his guests, who weren’t looking
at him but at something beyond!

  Brocklehurst whipped back and saw
that he, the justice, his men, were all
under cover of two guns in the steady
hands of the man whose name he had
used in abducting Lucy Whitwire.

  For a moment he thought that his
own vision had deceived him. The feel-
ing was so strong that he exclaimed:
“Claibourne! You! It can’t be!”
As the words left his lips, Lucy, gal-
vanized into action by a pair of eyes
which were not Claibourne’s, darted
from under the arms of her bridegroom,
rushed to the left, and sprang into the
eager clasp of her father.

  Whitwire snatched her up. He flung
112

Detective Story Magazine

round and disappeared through the back
exit, obeying Claibourne’s orders, al-
ready given. He went with a swift
celerity of movement that made Brockle-
hurst feel that he himself might have
had a drink too much. But his jaws
clenched on the cold reality, for Clai-
bourne’s voice rang through the room :
“Reach, every man of you!”

  Every hand went high. But one man
in the group brought something in his
hand as it rose! Parsin, the knife
thrower. His glittering blade flashed
through the air, missed Claibourne’s
bare head by the merest fraction, and
buried itself in the wall beyond, where
it stuck, quivering and humming.
Shelton Claibourne laughed.

  “A man only has so much bad luck,”
he said, “measured out for him. Out-
side of that you can’t hurt him! I saw
who threw that. What if I picked you
off, friend, in return for that little com-
pliment ?”

  “No—no! I was rattled. I didn’t
aim.”

  “Well,” Claibourne interrupted, his
eyes flashing back to Brocklehurst’s red
face, “throwing a knife in the face of a
gun is at least a man’s act. It sets a
man a lot sight higher than the fellow
who forges my name to cover kidnaping
a girl! You’re a cur, Brocklehurst!”
“And you’re a fool that don’t know
enough to keep his neck out of the
rope,” retorted Brocklehurst, who in no
way lacked for courage, although like
the others, his hands had gone above his
head. “What I did showed some brains.
What you’ve done here to-night—sav-
ing from her own squeamishness a girl
who never cared enough for you to
stand by you when you were in trouble—*
shows that you’re just plain loco, Clai-
bourne. And you’ll never get away
from this house alive. You’ve got the
drop on us now. But you can’t keep it
on every one all the time.”

  “Not get away from here alive?” said
Claibourne, and there was a sudden chill

laughter in his voice. "Well, let’s see,
Brocklehurst, what sort of a prophet
you’are!”

  As he spoke, Shelton Claibourne fired.
The big kerosene chandelier dropped to
the roar of his gun. The room was
plunged in darkness and became in-
stantly a maelstrom of confusion and
oaths.

  Brocklehurst reached the back door
almost as soon as Claibourne did. But
his activity was unhealthful for his wel-
f' Je. For, as he reached for the door-
knob, the fist of Shelton Claibourne
caught him in a driving blow which
dropped him unconscious to the floor.
In the next second Claibourne was
through the door, had turned the key
on the outside and was gone.

  Past star after star, the silvery moon
climbed in cold beauty. Now and then
a cloud drifted across her face and in-
visible fingers. seemed to tear it aside
again. When she began to sink toward
the western horizon, almost into the
arms of the coming day, Lucy herself
was sound asleep in her pretty bedroom.

  While she slept, safely and luxuri-
ously, three figures rose from a table
at which they had eaten and drunk in
secret.

  As they rose and went to the fire-
place, each dropping into a chair, Whit-
wire said slowly, offering cigarettes to
his guests:

  “Claibourne, I’ve been counted a sane,
level-headed man. But in that ride from
Brocklehurst’s den there in the cold
moonlight, with my. girl behind me and
you at my side, I think I realized at last
what letting an idea run away with one
means. I’ve been a one-idea man, Clai-
bourne, and I just about believe that the
fellow that’s that can’t be balanced. I’ve
made money and I have influence. I
can be diplomatic and I can be kind.
But all those things in my life have been
subsidiary to the one big idea. You know
what I mean—that idea?”

            DS-7C
His Date With Death

113

  Claibourne shook his hfead, but the
listening Tapsalter nodded slightly.

  “Hate!” said Whitwire. “It began
with your father, Claibourne. Your
father was a bad man dear through.”
“Admitted,” said Claibourne coolly.
“He was a bad man clear through and
so was your own dad. Both of us
sprang from the loins of men without
scruples, hard as steel and mean as
lynxes. But no man’s mind is a replica
of his father’s.”

  “Reasonable,” said Whitwire slowly.
“Reasonable and right. But to me you
were the reincarnation of my enemy.
You can’t imagine, Claibourne, what a
replica of him you are. You’ve got his
gestures, his eyes, his tone. And I said
to myself that you were just a picce
split off from his soul as far as your
mind went. And when I found that
you loved my girl, I came near killing
you; I had brooded so long.

  “Your father was dead, in a sense,
yes. Underground. But here he was
again in another form. In the first
form he had taken the girl I loved and
wanted to marry. In the second form
—you—he was about to take the girl
I loved because she was my child, bone
of my bone, flesh of my flesh. I sup-
pose you can’t understand, Claibourne.
I suppose you, although you are your
father’s son, have never hated. An-
swer me, do you know what hate
means ?”

  “I know what fury means,” said Clai-
bourne grimly. “And I know what de-
spair means. But, in the sense in which
you describe hate, becoming the chief
thread in your whole life, I know noth-
ing of such a thing as that. It seems
to me that sort of hate is something that
hurts the hater worse than the hated.”
“Don’t be too sure about that!” Whit-
wire returned with equal grimness. “If
I had not hated you as I did, you would
have been a free man now. You would
never have been condemned. You
would never even have been arrested!”

 DS—8C

   Tapsalter uttered an inarticulate ex-
clamation. Claibourne started up.
“What?”

  “Sit down,” said Whitwire. “Sit
down and let me finish while I’m still
under the influence of what you’ve done
to-night.”

  Claibourne dropped back into his
chair. Whitwire went on:

  “I had in my hand evidence which
was brought to me by a man who was
killed the next day in an automobile ac-
cident. That evidence would have
cleared you and will still clear you.”
“Clear me?” gasped Claibourne.
“You mean that?”

  “Yes! Don’t interrupt me ! You may
break the spell yet in which I see myself
as I have been. Before or after you
were condemned, I could have saved
you. Worse yet, I am a friend, a close
and intimate friend, of the governor.
He was about to pardon you. But he
thinks a lot of my opinon. I turned
him at the last minute. I tightened the
noose around your neck. So far as I
am concerned, in intent I killed you.”
As he spoke, Whitwire rose, walked
to his safe, opened it, came back again,
and threw on the table beside Shelton
Claibourne a packet. Tapsalter, star-
ing, remained silent.

  “There is your evidence,” said Whit-
wire. “I shall go with it to the gov-
ernor, and I’ll tell him in the morning
the same tale I have told you and Tap-
salter here to-night. I’ll hide you here
until you’re pardoned. You will have
to incur the ignominy of a pardon when
you are, as I know, guiltless. Yes, the
governor will pardon you, Claibourne.
But you, who out of your generosity
have turned a searchlight on my own
soul, you who have acquired freedom
by being too big for my hate to crush,
you will never be big enough to pardon
me!”

  Silence fell in the room. Claibourne
was struggling with the emotion of a
joy so tremendous, so wildly stirring,
114

Detective Story Magazine

that it might almost be said to have
repaid him for all that he had gone
through.

  He knew now what most of us can
never know—the halcyon joy of restor-
ation. And for a little while in that
silence there was in his mind a glad-
ness so great that when he rose and
walked to one of the windows he stag-
gered slightly, drunk with the wine of
unexpected freedom.

  Then, from the recesses of his soul,
from those depths where live in all of
us hates and jealousies, there flared up
inside of him a red fire of fury before
which his joy receded.

  How unnecessary, how cruel, how un-
speakably vicious, low and mean, how
hideous beyond words had been the in-
jury done him!

  His hand grasped the window sill and
closed on it till the knuckles whitened.

  But this mood also passed. That in
his soul which enabled him to save Lucy

now enabled him to save himself from
becoming in his turn what the humili-
ated and repentant man near him had
been all his life—an embittered hater.

  The fire of desired revenge died in
Shelton Claibourne. He turned toward
Whitwire and said simply:

  “I do understand what you have been,
Whitwire. You weren’t normal. Per-
haps from now on you will be. When
you have done what you will do—clear
me and set me free—if we cannot part
friends, we can at least part as those
who bear no malice toward each other.”
Whitwire’s glance fell. He said hum-
bly: “I hadn’t deserved so much.”
Shelton Claibourne glanced toward
the east. Morning was deepening into
day—a new day of freedom, of justifi-
cation. Reflected in the rosy sunrise col-
ors still tinting the sky, he saw no longer
the moonlight loveliness of Lucy, but
the glowing, steadfast eyes of Kate Sey-
mour.

  “BAD MAN’S BLACKMAIL ” by Roy W. Hinds, coming
                  NEXT WEEK. '

KILLS WIFE TWICE

\17 HAT amounted to a double killing occurred recently in Florola, Alabama.

     A man wished to get rid of his wife. He said that they were of different
religions and could not agree, but whether this was the only reason police could
not ascertain.

    The husband gave his wife something to drink which contained poison and
then took her for an automobile ride. It was not long before she died of the
effects of the poison administered. In order that no one would find out that he
had murdered her, the wife killer decided to be doubly sure. He ran the car to
the edge of a steep embankment and jumped clear just before it went crashing
over. Then he ran down to the wreckage, crawled beneath the debris, and, when
the catastrophe was discovered, it was at first presumed that the wife was killed
outright while her husband escaped injury.

    Although it might easily happen that one party emerges uninjured while the
other dies, the police in this particular case were suspicious. A number of things
pointed to reasonable doubt that the affair had been a genuine accident. After a
long grilling, the murderer confessed.
Mr. Philibus—
Thousand-dollar Man

MR. PHILIBUS PROTECTS THIS GENTLE CREATURE
BY USING HIM IN HIS OWN TRICK.

  By Leslie Gordon Barnard

Author of “Green-handed!” etc.

|ILTED comfortably back in a
chair in his hotel bedroom,
Mr. Philibus read an evening
paper and chuckled to himself.
His most recent exploit was still news.
Quite a daring affair; almost more ven-
turesome than should tie undertaken by
a gentleman with a passion for liberty of
movement.

  Moreover, it was now a full week
since the coup had been pulled off. And
here, not a stone’s throw from the scene
itself, sat the perpetrator calmly chuck-
ling over his success.

  Setting aside the paper, he descended
in the hotel elevator and walked calmly
through the crowded rotunda, exchang-
ing a wink with the telephone operator,

who did not discourage the attention,
and a cigar with the house detective,
who liked good brands and felt very
friendly toward this respectable middle-
aged guest.

  Mr. Philibus, exposing the headlines
concerning himself, tapped the paper to
call the detective’s attention to it.

  “Surprised you haven’t nabbed the
reward offered,” he said laughing.
“This bird likely enough is hanging
around places such as this. I should,
in his shoes. Much safer than making
a get-away!”

  “Naw,” said the house detective.
“These birds ain’t got the nerve for that.
Believe me, this bird you speak of is
half a continent away.”
116

Detective Story Magazine

  “With your experience,” said Mr.
Philibus mildly, “doubtless you are cor-
rect.”

  “I just wish,” said the house detec-
tive quickly, “he was hereabouts. That
thousand bucks would fit very pretty in
the pocket of yours truly!”

  Mr. Philibus considered this.

  “Well, now,” he said, “on second
thought, I’m not quite so sure I’d care
about that reward. Old Grewgerry is
offering it himself, you know!”

  “Sure! Why not? Ain’t he the guy
that got the loot stole off him, and got
biffed up pretty bad himself. Fetched
him a pretty crack in the eye, this crook
did, and beat him up plenty, besides
taking enough from his safe to make
any man mad!”

  “After all,” said Mr. Philibus quietly,
“is anybody very sorry for Grewgerry?
If that man had all the oil, produced or
prospective, out of the oil wells he’s
foisted on a dizzy public, he’d not have
enough to anoint his ugly bald head!”
The detective laughed.

  “He’s a smooth one all right,” he de-
clared half admiringly. “Keeps within
the law, though. That’s brains, that is!
You got to hand it to him for that. He’s
kep’ himself out of jail nicely.”

  “And sent better men to jail,” said
Mr. Philibus evenly. “And sent widows
to paupers’ graves, and children on to
the streets with his pretty schemes. I’d
like to see the man who would take his
dirty money!”

  The detective chuckled, but his eyes
gleamed a little.

  “Well, take a good look, mister!” he
suggested.

  “At you?” said Mr. Philibus grimly
now.

  “At me!”

  “You’d take his filthy money?”

  “For a thousand dollars,” said the
other, “I’d not care to say what I’d
do!” He laughed again. “He must
want this guy pretty bad to go a thou-
sand !”

  “I fancy,” said Mr. Philibus dreamily,
“he’s a little put out!”

  “Well, I shouldn’t be surprised. I
know him. He often comes in here, and
I’ve heard him boast nobody can get the
better of him. Gosh, here he is now!”
Mr. Philibus veered round. A podgy,
ill-shapen figure, evidently only recently
out of medical care, had entered the
rotunda. Mr. Philibus’ eyes narrowed.
He could wish now he’d given the fel-
low a richer dose. His pride had cer-
tainly not been taken down. Grewgerry
swaggered in with three friends as if he
owned the hotel. They came to a halt
not far from where Mr. Philibus stood.

  “Personal grudge?” Grewgerry was
saying. “Maybe he had! Lots of peo-
ple fancy they have something against
me. Wonder why?” Four tones of
laughter merged. “Naw, I’nr not afraid
of a repetition. The fellow’s the other
side of the country by now. Yellow,
these chaps. If he hadn’t had me at a
disadvantage, I’d have laid him out
proper. Yod could see he’d have run
if I’d had half a chance. No, sir, you’ll
not see Josiah J. Grewgerry bitten twice
in the same place!”

  Mr. Philibus sneezed.

  “What’s that?” The detective swung
around. “Was that you?” The little
group round Grewgerry had turned
also.

  “Sneeze!” said Mr. Philibus. “Hasn’t
a man a right to sneeze in a free land ?
Woof!”

  Mr. Josiah Grewgerry and his three
friends went to the cigar counter,
equipped themselves with the fattest and
best, then adjourned to a quiet portion
of the lobby, where they kept an antici-
patory concentration on the door. Every
time it revolved to usher in a newcomer,
they were all attention.

  “Maybe,” said one of them, “he won’t
come, Grewgerry!”

  “Come?” Grewgerry laughed. “You
couldn’t keep this hick away with a ten-
foot pole with a spoke on the end. No,
Mr. Philibus—Thousand-dollar Man

117

I reckon he’s so overcome with the
honor of dinin* with four leadin’ repre-
sentatives of big business he can’t get
the studs into his soup-and-fish shirt, if
he has one!”

  A tall, sallow member of the party
laughed.

  “By the time we get through with
him, he’ll not have any kind of a shirt
left!”

  “There he is!” said Grewgerry.

  “That?”

  “The same!”

  “Weeping willows, isn’t he a perfect
lamb!”

  The man who approached now, to
whose timid advance Grewgerry’ moved
forward with smiling countenance and
welcoming hand, was perhaps four feet
nine inches tall; being thus cast by na-
ture, he had achieved through the fifty
or more years of his life a habit of
looking up hopefully at his taller fel-
lows. The skillful gentlemen who por-
tray in cartoons Mr. General Public
must have gone to him for the pince-
nez, the sad mustache, and other essen-
tials of that composite character.

  “Mr. Blaine,” said Grewgerry expan-
sively, leading him forward, “meet Mr.
Waldenus. Waldenus, Mr. Blaine, the
gentleman from the West I was speak-
ing about. Graham. Mr. Blaine. And
Porter! Have a cigar, Mr. Blaine.
No? Well, I don’t know as I blame
you. Funny habit before dinner. Per-
haps we might as well go on in, gentle-
men ?”

  Little Mr. Blaine, who looked equally
ready to bolt and to accept and enjoy
his moment of bliss in this distinguished
company, adjusted his shirt studs nerv-
ously, after the manner of a man who
is not sure when theyr will pop and ex-
pose the honest wool beneath, and was
shepherded into the glitter and expen-
sive simplicity of the dining room.

  Grewgerry, handling even the amaz-
ing head waiter as one accustomed to
obeisance, winked at Waldenus.

  Little Mr. Blaine, still agitated about
the propensities of his studs, sat down
on his chair, his face—full of a pain-
ful ecstasy—not very high above an ar-
ray of silver and cutlery calculated to
terrify the stoutest heart.

  “You left your wife well, I hope, Mr.
Blaine?”

  “Thank you, Mr. Grewgerry—yes!”

  “You are fortunate in having a wife,
Mr. Blaine, whose instincts are pro-
gressively businesslike. I have explained
to you, gentlemen, I think”—he waived
a hand at his company—“that Mr. and
Mrs. Blaine have come into a nice little
legacy, and intend to invest it with dis-
cretion and profit. They noticed the
offering of Commonlite Unlimited Oil
and at once recognized its supreme at-
tractiveness. That Mr. Blaine should
come all the way here to look into it
personally is gratifying. One’s faith in
human perspicacity is shaken so often
by people who rush madly into specu-
lation.

  “Look,” said Mr. Grewgerry shaking
his head sadly, “at the awful debacle of
the stock market! And have some hors
d’oeuvre, Mr. Blaine. Terrible how
some people rush into danger that way.
Now take oil—an essential industry—a
bed-rock industry. There,” said Mr.
Grewgerry, emphasizing the position
with a sardine, “there’s the property;
it can’t run away, it can’t dissolve; all
you got to do is get the oil out of it
and a ready market’s waiting. You can
see that, Mr. Blaine!”

  Little Mr. Blaine, worrying an olive
with a fork, chevying it with the tines
around the side of his plate, race-course
fashion, agreed that he could see, that
indeed anybody could see. Just then
Mr. Grewgerry, having a passion for
them, swallowed the sardine, but just
a little of the oil remained. Mr. Grew-
gerry, being quick on the uptake, pointed
out, humorously, the symbolism of even
this.

  “Oil!” he enthused. “You can’t es-
118

Detective Story Magazine

cape it! Soup, Mr. Blaine? Let me
recommend the potage!”

  The symbolism of the soup, Mr.
Grewgerry left untouched. He went
on, through several courses, to point outv
Mr. Blaine’s excellent chances of getting
in on the ground floor; then, leaving all
this material to sink into Mr. Blaine’s
head, which was capable of much ab-
sorption that way, he spoke with the
three gentlemen of developments likely.
Mr. Blaine might be excused if he felt
he was being privileged to listen in at
a directors’ meeting of the Commonlite
Unlimited Oil.

  There was quite a bit of talk about
the ground floor. Mr. Blaine could not
help being impressed. Nobody men-
tioned the basement, nor yet the blue
sky that was above if you flew high
enough.

  “Cafe noir, Mr. Blaine? Now here’s
the agreement, if you’d care to glance
over it. Quite usual and ordinary. And

if you’ll just sign—here-” He

glanced up. “What’s that, boy?”

  “Call for Mr. Blaine!”

  “In a moment,” said Grewgerry,
frowning.

  “It’s urgent, sir! This way, please!”
Little Mr. Blaine, being easily led,
succumbed to this uniformed urge, and
followed in bewilderment, still clinging
to his napkin as to a life preserver. A
stout, pleasant-featured gentleman met
him in the shadow of a palm in "the
lobby.

  A colloquy, which Mr. Blaine could
not hear, ensued between the boy and
this pleasant-faced gentleman.

  “I got him, sir. They were just get-
ting him to sign something!”

  “Good grief ! He hadn’t-”

  “No, sir. I stuck by until he came
along!”

  “Good lad! Got any use for a coupla
dollars? And not a word to any one,
see? I’d not like to appear in it. These
fellows keep more or less within the
law!”

  “Very good, sir!”

  “Hello, did you drop that?”

  “Where, -sir?”

  “Over there by the pillar!”

  The boy stooped and picked up a
small envelope. It was marked, “To
the House Detective!”

  “I should give it to him!” said Mr.
Philibus. “Somebody must’ve dropped
it—perhaps purposely. Don’t mention
I suggested so. I don’t think he likes
me so well!”

  The boy grinned, and was off like a
shot.

  “Bright lad!” said Mr. Philibus.
“Ah, Mr. Blaine, I’m sorry to keep you
waiting, and indeed to disturb you at
dinner, but I happened to be dining near
your table to-night, and I wondered if
you’d forgive my having a word with
you!”

  The bell hop, meanwhile, crushing
the two-dollar bill affectionately in his
hand and transferring it to a slit that
evidently made connection with a
pocket, set out immediately on the house
detective’s trail. He was a bright boy,
quick to make money and slow to spend
it, who could size up the financial inten-
tions of a patron with amazing tech-
nique, who knew the value of a frank
eye and a silent tongue, who could teach
diplomats the nice nuances of accom-
modating oneself to compromises, and
who, in due time, if not hung, would
doubtless rise high by other means.

  “Letter for you!” he told the house
detective, who was passing a friendly
and boastful word with a telephone
operator who, just having turned over
her duties to a successor, was powder-
ing her nose and remembering that the
house detective—even if he had a larg-
ish nose and a small mind—was a man,
and seemed willing to spend money on
a girl, if encouraged. His name, of
course, was against him. One could go
only so far with a man named Croocrab.
Mrs. Croocrab? The little Croocrabs?
Not if she knew it!
Mr. Philibus—Thousand-dollar Man

119

  “Where’d you get it?”

  “Found it on the floor!”

  “Floor? Where?”

  “The lobby. Over that way!”

  “How did it come there ?”

  “Ask it. I saw it and picked it up!”
The blonde was becoming impatient.
Blondes can be like that. They like
gentlemen to be gentlemen.

  “Guess I’ll move along!” she said.
“Hold up!” cried Mr. Croocrab,
“Sorry, kiddo—just a matter of busi-
ness !”

  The blonde pouted. Properly done,
it was effective. Mr. Croocrab felt his
heart turn over. He forgot the letter;
or rather held it, fiddling with it play-
fully.

  “Girlie,” he said, “I’m a plain-spoken
man. I don’t mind saying I like you!”
“Well, I’d hate to have you say it if
it hurt!”

  “Don’t be snappy with poppa!” said
Mr. Croocrab humorously. “Baby, if
I could only cop that coin I was talking
to a guy about to-day we’d step pretty,
you and me. A thousand bucks!
There’s the paper, see? Good descrip-
tion of him. Black hair and mustache
•—black as the devil—fair size, scar over
right cheek curved like a crescent! Can
you beat it ? That’s a give-away—a
scar like that. Was he within a hun-
dred miles, I don’t mind sayin’ I could
spot this bird like a shot. But there’s
no luck that way.

  “Some dick with half my brains’ll get
that coin way out in the woollies. Chap
I was chinnin’ with to-day, says: ‘What
if this bird was right in the hotel, it’d
be a good place to hide.’ That’s brains,
eh? The way some people let their
chins wag would paralyze you. Baby,
I’m a man of few words. ‘Deeds, not
words,’ is the motto I was brung up on
since infancy. Baby, if I ever land any-
thing like this”—he hit the paper—"you
and me’ll step a cake walk to the altar,
and shuffle names!”

  The blonde’s eyes were fixed upon

him with the horrid fascination of one
seeing visiting cards with “Croocrab”
on them. The vision held her silent
for the moment. Mr. Croocrab con-
tinued : “If I could lay a single finger
on this bird he’d look cheap—cheap all
right.”

  Mr. Croocrab’s finger, as it happened,
was at that moment poking open the let-
ter he had forgotten. It was a me-
chanical movement, as was the pulling
forth of the letter inside.

 A queer look overcame him. He
paled. The words moved before him
like living things:

  Watch your step! The thousand-dollar-on-
his-head man is in your hotel. If you want to
be in on this, look for instructions under the
fifth palm in Peacock Alley.

One Interested in Your Career.

  It was on delicately scented paper.
The hand was apparently a feminine
scrawl. Mr. Croocrab felt at once
elated and faint. He waved a hand at
the blonde.

  “Gotta go!” he said chokingly. “See
you again, girlie! I’m on the trail of
money.”

  He moved off.

  The blonde flirted her head.

  "Yeah!” she said to her reflection in
her purse mirror. “On the trail of
money is good. The big boob got a let-
ter from some dame! Crab is good!
He’s fishy all right!”

  The house detective, however, had no
thoughts to waste on her now. A thou-
sand dollars was in prospect, and the
prestige which such a capture would
give him. Desire ran ahead of his in-
telligence. This might very well be a
poor joke on some one's part. It was
like a treasure hunt, being sent to the
fifth palm in Peacock Alley. The al-
ley, as it was popularly known, ran
from the end of the lobby, in narrow
splendor, to the dining room. On either
side were luxurious chairs and couches
on which one might sit, at meal hours,
and watch the great and the near-great
120

Detective Story Magazine

parade like peacocks to be fed by a
keeper.

  Finding the fifth palm, Mr. Croo-
crab had little difficulty in discovering
a further note, thrust out of sight, but
easily revealing itself to the initiate.

  He tore it open and read:

  Room No. 314. Knock before entering and
watch for further instructions. One thousand
dollars hangs on it.	An Admirer.

  Mr. Croocrab, placing his large nose
against the paper, sniffed, again identi-
fying that delicate scent. An admirer?
Some lady who desired to help him?
Straightening his shoulders, and put-
ting on an air of extreme efficiency and
courage, lest the lady be watching from
some seclusion, he strode down Peacock
Alley, and sought the room clerk.

  “Who’s No. 314?” he asked.

  “314? Just taken!”

  “Name?” demanded Mr. Croocrab
hoarsely.

  “Name of Blaine!” said the clerk.
“Why, what’s up?”

  But Mr. Croocrab had departed. He
was heading for the elevator. Just
taken! There must be souiething in
this, after all.

  He stepped into a waiting elevator.

  “Third floor!” said Mr. Croocrab im-
periously.

  Little Mr. Blaine sat on the least com-
fortable chair in a room so luxuriously
appointed that at first he could do noth-
ing but stare at the splendor, and mur-
mur to himself:

 “My gumdrops, if only Martha
could see this! My gumdrops, if it
don’t beat all!”

  Behind this perhaps superficial won-
der whirled a maze of conflicting emo-
tions, which, not being able either to
catalogue or subdue, he pushed from
him. In the last ten minutes things had
happened to him. Here he was in un-
disputed possession of this splendid
room, and his bag, his galoshes, his um-
brella, his second-best suit, his picture

of Martha—tinted—his nightwear and
his toilet accessories were all in a fifth-
floor room in Brown’s Commercial and
Family Hotel seven blocks away.

  He could still hear the quiet, convinc-
ing voice of the pleasant-faced gentle-
man, stating:

  “Mr. Blaine-, you will forgive my in-
terference in your affairs, but you are
about to be fleeced by men too crooked
to be crooks. I don’t ask you to take
my word; I do ask—but are you room-
ing in this hotel?”

  “No, sir!” said Mr. Blaine weakly.

“I’m at Brown’s-”

  “Oh, my dear sir! Oh, my dear sir,”
the pleasant gentleman had protested.
“Won’t do at all. You must move in
here immediately. You must meet men
like these on their own level. A man
of your intelligence, Mr. Blaine, will
see that at once. Let me recommend
either room 514 or 314. All the upper
fourteens have a good view; I’m in 415
myself. I’ll wait here while you book
it! And do make haste! There’s not a
moment to lose!”

  It was useless for Mr. Blaine to pro-
test. His protests against life had never
been heeded much. And this nice gen-
tleman was evidently his friend.

  “You book,” said the gentleman,
“right over there! And say nothing
why—except that you are changing your
hotel. They’ll send for your things
later, if you wish. But hurry please!
These gentlemen who wish to fleece you
will be out of the dining room any mo-
ment, and you must be prepared to meet
them in a proper background. A man
of your evident intelligence, Mr. Blaine,
can see that right away!”

  Properly pleased at this fair esti-
mate, Mr. Blaine suffered his feet to
carry him to the desk.

  “514?” said the room clerk. “Um—
taken, I’m afraid. 314? Yes, that’s a
good room; nice view as you say. And
vacant. You want your luggage sent
for?”
Mr. Philibus—Thousand-dollar Man

121

  He struck a bell. Mr. Blaine, placing
on the page of the register open for
him a signature that would have wiped
out his and Martha’s savings had he
written it a short time before when re-
quested, meekly followed the boy to
the elevator. He looked round for the
pleasant-faced gentleman who had
tipped him off to this, but could see him
nowhere. A slight perturbation filled
him, a hesitation, but, with this uni-
formed juvenile barging on ahead, there
was no drawing back.

  So here he was!

  It was all very confusing, but not
finally unpleasant. He only wished
Martha could see this room. A gentle
breeze of early summer moved to him
through the open window, which had
two advantages: a far view over a pub-
lic square now spattered with lights in
the dusk, and the iron security of a fire
escape that continued up above, and led
down below. Martha had said to be
sure and locate the fire escape first off,
and to have his trousers and slippers
handy at night.

  The soft wind came pleasantly in at
the window. And then, suddenly, un-
believingly, and terrifying, it was borne
in upon Mr. Blaine that something more
than early summer air had come in the
window.

  “Make no outcry!” said a cool voice.
“Not a hair of your head will be hurt
if you keep cool and do as I say!”

  Mr. Blaine, stricken beyond the point
of vocalization, his few hairs standing
up on his baldish pate, gave a look,
and fainted away. And, at that mo-
ment, a gentle knocking sounded outside
his door.

  The knuckles of House Detective
Croocrab having achieved nothing by
gentleness became more insistent, and,
this failing, he called the floor man-
ageress and opened the door with the
master key.

  Imperiously bidding the lady of the
keys to stand aside out of danger, Mr.

Croocrab made a cautious but impres-
sive entrance, to find, as he thought, a
little and most unimpressive man asleep
in a chair. A moment later, the true
situation was revealed.

  “Water! Brandy! Stimulants!” or-
dered Mr. Croocrab with quick intelli-
gence. “Naw, hold on, the guy’s com-
ing round!”

  Little Mr. Blaine blinked up into the
face of the detective, and seeing what
he did, was about to faint away again,
when the sight of the floor manageress
with a glass of water revived him. Mrs.
Scruton, the manageress, reminded him
of Martha. She was at once efficient
and homely.

  Mr. Blaine made sounds in his
throat. Eventually, he managed words:
“A man!” he said. “Through the
window! Off the fire escape!”

  Mr. Croocrab caught the victim un-
gently by the shoulder.

  “Quick! Describe him!”

  “Dark!” said Mr. Blaine, waving his
hands as if to push the mental vision
away. “Very dark. And a terrible
scar on his cheek! Horrible!”

  “Lovely!” amended Mr. Croocrab
eagerly. He dashed to the window.
Against the steel blue of the sky the
fire escape hung in uncompromising
ugliness; perhaps it struck Mr. Croo-
crab as sinister, for he hung back, then,
very cautiously peered out. Sufficient
light enabled him to see that nothing
noteworthy menaced one in the length
between here and the roof, so, cau-
tiously, he swung a leg out, and let his
body follow. Little Mr. Blaine, stag-
gering forward, but remaining at a dis-
creet distance, stood watching this exit,
and wringing his hands.

  Encouraged by the fact that no shots
or other dangers met him, Mr. Croocrab
—not liking the darkness below—chose
to go above, and if there had been any
hesitation in this course, it would have
been swept aside by a sudden call from
above him.
122

Detective Story Magazine

  “Help! Help! Help!”

  Startled, he turned his eyes upward
and beheld, from a window above, a
tousled head outthrust.

  With instant courage. Mr. Croocrab
responded. Running up the intervening
flight of iron steps, he flung himself
into the room through the window
opened widely to him, from which the
human presence had now gone. As he
effected his entrance, he heard the slam
of a door, and was confronted with a
gentleman in pajamas and dressing
gown, who cried:

  “Gone!”

  “Gone?”

“A dark man with a scar. I saw
that very clearly as he passed that mir-
ror there. He came in the window.”
The detective raced to the door and
flung it open.

  “Which way?”

  “I couldn’t say. He slammed the
door right in front of me!”

  Mr. Croocrab, running up and down
a little like an overheated hen, made in-
vestigation hither and yon, inquiring of
maids, of elevator boys, of bell hops,
then returning, inquired:

  “What did he do? He came in the

window-”

  “And went directly to the door. I’d
got into my night things a bit early, and
had been lying on the bed a few min-
utes before all this happened! I-”

  “Why!” cried Mr. Croocrab. “It's
you!”

  “Sure, it’s me!” said Mr. Philibus
with ungrammatical humility, and then,
aggrievedly: “If that isn’t the guy that
the thousand dollars is offered for, I’ll
eat my dressing gown! I told you,
didn’t I, he might hide around here?”
“Yeah,” said Mr. Croocrab ruminat-
ingly. “So you did. How did you get
that way ?”

  Mr. Philibus looked the detective
squarely in the eye.

  “Between you and me,” he confided,
“I saw something that looked like him

once before I spoke to you that way,
only you know how it is—it’s hard to
believe that kind of thing. But I
thought it was no harm hinting it to
you. Say, this place seems full of
crooks. I saved a little country chap
from your friend Grewgerry just now!
Got him away, and suggested he take a
room here. He’s in 314 or 514—one or
the other. I’m going to watch out for
him, see. I’m going to keep my eye on
him. What’s the matter?”

  Mr. Croocrab choked.

  “314?”

  “Is that where he is?” asked Mr.
Philibus.

  “That’s where the dark guy with the
scar’s just been in to scare the wits out
of him!”

  “No!” cried Mr. Philibus. “Is it pos-
sible ? Poor little fellow! He’ll think
I’m putting one over on him. How did
you know?”

  “Got a note. From a lady, I guess!”
said Mr. Croocrab. “Tipped me off to
go to 314. There's something,” he de-
clared intelligently, “fishy about this!”
Mr. Philibus threw up his hands.
“Fishy! It beats Hannah! The
place must be full of crooks. Look
here,” he said eagerly. “Can I help
you? I’ve laid eyes on this dark chap
with the scar, and, after all, there’s a
thousand in it for some one.”

  Mr. Croocrab nodded hesitantly. He
was seeing the little blonde below step-
ping with him to the altar, and he didn’t
like the ’dea of a fifty-fifty split with

this chap. However-

  “All right!” he said. “What had we
better do first?”

  “That’s for you to say,” said Mr,
Philibus graciously, conceding Mr.
Croocrab’s professional status. “But I
feel I ought to look up little Mr. Blaine
in 314 and apologize or something.
What a thing to happen!”

  “I’ll go with you!” said Mr. Croo-
crab.

  “Do you suppose Grewgerry’s putting
Mr. Philibus—Thousand-dollar Man

123

one over or anything?” asked Mr. Phil-
ibus. “I don’t trust that man! Even
that reward. I’d like to see the color
of his money.”

  “That,” agreed the detective, his eyes
gleaming, “ain’t so bad an idea either!
He’s a slick guy, all right.”

  Mr. Grewgerry and his companions,
having been left at the table by Mr.
Blaine at the moment when the latter
was ready for the plucking, had their
moment of nervousness. The idea that
anybody in this world, save those seek-
ing a victim, should want little Mr.
Blaine was preposterous. Their eyes,
at first concentrated dismally on the
dotted line still lacking the signature
of Mr. Blaine, were raised at last in
specualtive inquiry.

  “He’ll be back!” said Grewgerry.
But, uncomfortably, they watched
the door. “We’ll go and see,” he added
at last. They searched the lobby. They
made inquiries of a clerk. “Why, yes,
sir. Mr. Blaine has gone up to his
room!”

  “Room?” repeated Mr. Grewgerry,
his brows agitated. “His room? Why,

he’s stopping at-”

  “He has just booked here. Mr.
Blaine is in 314, sir. Front! Boy,
show these gentlemen to 314!”

  Little Mr. Blaine was still undergo-
ing severe palpitations of the heart
when his visitors were announced. He
regarded them as a man might creatures
of his past suddenly summoned up. Mr.
Grewgerry, with his acute perception,
leaped at once to the only logical con-
clusion.

  “Mr. Blaine. I am sorry. You are
ill. You have been taken ill. You
have had to take a room!”

  “111?” Mr. Blaine grasped at the
word. It expressed so many things he
felt; at remembrance of his terrible
experience, at sight of these men who
would have his signature for his and
Martha’s money.

  “Do sit down!” urged Mr. Grewgerry
blandly. “Is it your heart, Mr. Blaine?”
Mr. Blaine gulped, and spoke the
first words that occurred.

  “I have been held up!”

  “Held up?”

  “A man. A terrible criminal. In my
window!” Mr. Blaine waved an arm
feebly. “A dark man with a scar on
his face!”

  Grewgerry leaped to his feet.
“What?” he roared. “Tell me, where
is he? Where did he go?”

  A voice spoke from the doorway;
none had heard a quick preliminary
knock, nor the opening of the door.

  “He came up the fire escape and in
my window!” said Mr. Philibus calmly.
“Hello, Mr. Grewgerry. I think you’re
likely at any time to have to turn over
that thousand-dollar reward!”

“I’d give it gladly,” roared Mr.
Grewgerry, facing the intruders
fiercely, “to lay hands on that fellow!”
“Cash?” asked Mr. Philibus mildly.
“Cash!” roared Mr. Grewgerry.
“There’s danger in it,” said Mr.
Philibus. “I'd like to see the color
of the money before I risked my neck
on fire escapes, and perhaps get
plugged. Eh, Croocrab?”

  The house detective’s face bright-
ened.

  “Sure. That’s only fair, Mr. Grew-
gerry. If you really mean to put this
up-” He rubbed his hands a lit-
tle. He felt it would be inspiring to
see the actual thousand before under-
taking further action. Mr. Croocrab
had a great respect for his own skin.
Grewgerry glared.

  “You don’t trust me, eh? All right,
Graham, lemme your pen. I’ll write a
check. They’ll cash it for me below.
The office know me well enough!”

  The office, indeed, proved obliging.
Mr. Grewgerry returned to display a
thick pile of twenties and tens that made
Mr. Croocrab’s head swim.

  “There’s one thing we mustn’t for-
124

Detective Story Magazine

get,” suggested Mr. Philibus gently.
“I’m not a prophet or the son of one,
but I’ll wager my last shirt to a de-
cayed onion that crook isn’t far off yet,
Mr. Grewgerry. I shouldn’t be sur-
prised if he’s looking at that wad of
yours right now, sir! By Jove, I was
sure I saw him—just now—at the win-
dow !” Mr. Philibus was both excited
and truthful, having caught his own re-
flection there.

  Every one, with instant accord, looked
toward that window in which the wanted
man had come. The darkness held a
brooding and sinister suggestion of evil.
Little Mr. Blaine made throaty cries of
alarm.

  “Let him just try and get it!”
snapped Grewgerry. “I only ask the
chance to try conclusions with him
again!”

  “And I’m here,” supplemented Mr.
Croocrab with due modesty. “That guy
don’t put nothin’ over me while I’m alive
and in my right mind. No, sir!”

  Mr. Philibus coughed slightly behind
his hand. He remained for a moment
gravely in thought.

  “Suppose,” he said slowly, “I ask
your advice, Mr. Croocrab. Suppose
we were to bait the trap. If Mr. Grew-
gerry will risk his money for a short
while with Mr. Blaine—you, of course,
anticipate me, Mr. Croocrab!”

  Mr. Croocrab felt flattered but dumb.
Then the thing dawned on him.

  He chuckled.

  “That’s just my idea,” he said.
“We’ll turn over this money to Mr.
Blaine—or Mr. Grewgerry will, as if it
was a business deal—see—and then Mr.
Grewgerry follows us out here into the
hall. Mr. Blaine steps in here and
counts the money careful and puts it in
his pocket. If that don’t bring the rat
out of his hole, I’m a dumb-bell!”

  Mr. Grewgerry was ready for any
expedient.

  Little . Mr. Blaine made bleating
sounds, but, a bit like a man in a dream,

accepted the money with trembling fin-
gers, and, as they left him, sat staring
at it like a wooden Indian.

  “Now I,” said Mr. Philibus thought-
fully, “had better go back to bed. The
fellow came through my window be-
fore, and he may again. I better give
no indication anything has happened.
I’ll just lie there peacefully again, with
the window open. Croocrab, you might
post somebody outside my door, in case
I need help. I’ll lock the door, as he
might try to use my room as an escape
again, but it might be as well to have
reenforcements outside! Say a boy
who could summon help from you be-
low !”

  “Sure,” said Croocrab. “I’ll put a
bell hop on it!”

  Mr. Philibus nodded.

  “They say lightning never strikes
twice in the same place, but this chap’s
a bold, bad un, or I miss my guess, and
it’s as well we should be prepared!”

  “Shouldn’t we have some one watch-
ing on the fire escape?” said the detec-
tive.

  Mr. Philibus looked at him in patient
reproach.

  “If I were a crook,” he said simply,
“I’d postpone operations if somebody
was sitting waiting to pinch me on the
fire escape.”

  “Something in that!” agreed Mr.
Croocrab quickly. “Well, we’ll be all
set for the first sign of alarm from Mr.
Blaine! Right outside his door we’ll
be!”

  Once inside his room, Mr. Philibus.
crawling for a moment into bed, as if
in support of the cause of truth and hon-
esty, slipped presently out the far side
and over his pajamas drew on an old
pair of trousers, a coat and a muffler to
protect his neck. Standing for a mo-
ment before his mirror, he performed
an operation that a lightning-change art-
ist—and, indeed, he was one—might
envy.
Mr. Philibus—Thousand-dollar Man

125

  A few mysterious passes with his
hands, on the tips of whose fingers was
a preparation of his own perfecting,
made him sallow looking; a similar addi-
tional operation provided lines to his
face that lent a gauntness, and a final
one gave the similitude of a scar across
his right cheek bone. Taking from a
carefully locked but unobtrusive and
rather battered suit case a hat with wig
attached, he pulled it on his head and
became in every sense a dark and rather
sinister person.

  All this had been a matter almost
more of seconds than minutes; pulling
on a pair of old boots over socks into
which the ends of his genteel pajamas
were thrust, he moved softly to the win-
dow ; the bell hop might have sharp
ears; there was, fortunately, no keyhole
aperture for the fellow to be curious
with; then he stepped onto the fire es-
cape.

  The night was graciously dark now;
he maneuvered with care and arrived
outside 314.

  Peering through the lighted window,
he could see little Mr. Blaine sitting like
a rabbit paralyzed by impending dan-
ger. The ears of the little man fairly
stood up, and his hair seemed on the
verge of declaring a sympathetic upris-
ing. In his hands, clutched tightly, as
if it were stage money, and he a novice
upon whom the curtain had gone up un-
expectedly, was that fat wad of tens and
twenties. One thousand dollars—Mr.
Josiah J. Grewgerry’s promised reward
for the apprehension of a dark gentle-
man with a scar!

  Mr. Philibus, feeling a certain ten-
derness toward little Mr. Blaine, hesi-
tated in his course, then, thinking of
the widows and orphans, the gentle
souls of every sex who had suffered to
provide themselves with handsomely en-
graved and worthless certificates for oil
shares and Mr. Grewgerry and his asso-
ciates with this thousand, he girded
himself, and, stooping, picked up a

“stage prop” he had previously planted
conveniently to hand under the window
on the fire escape.

  Little Mr. Blaine, wondering why he
had ever left Martha and embarked on
this city venture, conscious of the wad
of bills in his hand, conscious of the
support of the men who waited outside
the door, was still more, and in fact su-
premely conscious of that window. His
gaze was riveted on it.

  His tongue explored the length of his
dry lips. And, suddenly, his tongue
seemed to get stuck, hard and fast be-
tween his lips.

  On the end of a thin stick of sorts
propelled by an unseen hand, a largish
oblong of cardboard had appeared. It
said:

SILENCE

and

 YOU WILL NOT BE HARMED

  Mr. Blaine’s mind compassed all the
events of an innocent life in a moment
of time; he thought of how he had said
nasty things to Martha about her mar-
ried sister, and how once he had thrown
shoes at a neighbor’s cat, and he decided
to cling to life. He stared with horror
at the slow, cautious entrance of a dark
man with a scarred cheek. This sec-
ond sight of him was no more pleasing
than the first. He was coming nearer.
It was too much for Mr. Blaine. His
mouth opened to make outcry; instead,
some black wave smote the back of his
neck and, the bank notes drifting from
him to the floor, Mr. Blaine for the
second time fainted dead away.

  Mr. Philibus, stooping to pick up the
bills, hesitated. It was easy now. Too
easy! He had counted on an alarm at
the least; it was desirable that others
besides little Mr. Blaine should see and
recognize the criminal!

  Mr. Philibus looked up sharply. And,
suddenly, reaching out an arm to the
table near by, he swept from it the small
bronze statue of a lightly clad lady bear-
126

Detective Story Magazine

ing aloft a lighted torch. She lit on the
floor, with a report just like a revolver
shot.

  Instantly the door burst open. Mr.
Croocrab', scenting both danger and a
thousand dollars, led the van, but cau-
tiously, revolver in hand.

  “There he is!”

  The shout came from four throats
simultaneously.

  The dark gentleman with the scar re-
garded them mockingly from the win-
dow, his head within but his body safely
outside.

  “Shoot!” cried Grewgerry. “Dead or
alive!”

  The window camfe down with a crash,
putting only the insecurity of a pane be-
tween Mr. Philibus and his antagonists.
Mr. Croocrab’s revolver went up, but,
before he could discipline a hand agi-
tated by a brain swimming with thou-
sand-dollar agitations, the pane was
shattered from the outside, and through
the jagged aperture came a mocking
laugh.

  Croocrab shot forward, Grewgerry at
his heels.

  “Mind the glass!’’ shouted Mr. Croo-
crab. “Oh, the devil! Stand back!”

  Reaching out, he thrust the window
up, springing from a further shower of
splinters, cursing with emphatic pro-
testation at a cut in his wrist. Next
moment he was out upon the fire es-
cape.

  “Got away!” he moaned. “That fel-
low’s room! Maybe he’s gone that way
again!”

  With Grewgerry following, he shot
up the escape, and in the open window
of 414.

  “Hello!” cried a sleepy voice from
the bed. “What the-”

  “The man with the scar!” cried Croo-
crab. “He didn’t come in here?”

  Mr. Philibus stared, blinking sleepily".

  “I’d have known if he did!” he said,
grinning.

  Suddenly, Josiah J. Grewgerry—who

as the world knew to its sorrow—was
no fool, cried:

 “I believe you-”

  He did not complete the remark.
Dashing to the bed, he threw back the
clothes.

  “I say!” protested Mr. Philibus.

  Mr. Grewgerry drew back, abashed.
Mr. Philibus’ stout body was displayed
only in futuristic pajamas. He appealed
to Mr. Croocrab: “What’s biting our
friend here?”

  “Dunno!” said the house detective
blankly. He reproached Mr. Grew-
gerry. “You know, sir, it don’t do to
disturb hotel guests that way!”

  “For two cents, sir,” added Mr. Phil-
ibus now blinking himself properly
awake, as any one could see, “I’d bash
in your other eye. By the by, where's
little Mr. Blaine? Have you left him
to the mercy of this crook ?”

  Gently, Mr. Croocrab explained.

  Mr. Philibus clucked a sympathetic
tongue.

 “Fainted? Well, now. And Mr,
Grewgerry’s thousand dollars gone. A
nice name this hotel will get, Mr. Croo-
crab, if this kind of thing gets about.
If I were you, I’d get Mr. Blaine packed
off home. It’s no kind of a place for
him anyway—not with so many crooks
around!”

  “So many?” Mr. Croocrab was blank
again.

  “I saved Mr. Blaine from one already
to-night,” said Mr. Philibus placidly. “I
got him away about the time he was
going to sign his poor little legacy away
for nonexistent oil. It was I, as he
will, no doubt, tell you when you ques-
tion him, who suggested he take a room
here and go at this matter quietly. So
you see,” said Mr. Philibus humbly, “I
feel quite guilty about what happened
to him afterward!” He turned to Mr.
Grewgerry, who had halted in his in-
vestigation of the room to absorb this
last comment. “Is the gentleman look-
ing for something?”
Mr. Philibus—Thousand-dollar Man

127

  Mr. Grewgerry drew nearer the bed,
and swore in an ungentlemanly fashion.

  “I believe you’re a crook,” he began,
but Mr. Philibus interrupted.

  “I know you’re one!” he said gently.
“I don’t like anything about you. I
don't like your face. I don’t like your
morals. I don’t like you long nose. I
don’t like your bald head. I don’t like
the way you come in disturbing a gen-
tleman’s sleep. In fact, let me warn
you that, unless Mr. Croocrab takes
you away, something nasty might hap-
pen to you. I can stand so much—and
no more! Get out now! Go and find
your thousand-dollar crook! I wouldn’t
raise a hand any more to help catch him
—for you! Not a finger! Get out!
I’m sleepy. And if you try to trick
little Blaine with any of your slick work,
1 won’t answer for myself. Get out
of here!”

  Mr. Grewgerry, mumbling things not
nice for a gentleman’s ears, withdrew
together with Mr. Croocrab.

  “Woof!” said Mr. Philibus softly. %
Mr. Grewgerry swung around, de-
cided he had imagined something, and,
before Mr. Philibus’ baleful glance, re-
tired, closing the door. For a long time
Mr. Philibus lay staring up at the ceil-
ing and chuckling a little to himself.

  Then, making sure that no one was
at the window or on the fire escape, he

drew from under the mattress a coat
and pair of trousers, and a hat with wig
attached.

  “Ruined, I’m afraid!” he said dole-
fully, regarding the latter. “Ah, well!
Lucky,” he said, “old nosey didn’t look
too far! Hadn’t time to clean the basin
up!” He went over now and took from
water—still warm—standing in the
basin, a wash cloth, carefully rinsing
from it a dusky look that clung to it,
and some stains that might easily have
come from the removal of an artificial
scar.

  “Quick work, old boy!” approved Mr.
Philibus, gazing in his mirror. "But
worth it in more ways than this!”

  He took from the pocket of the dis-
carded trousers a fat wad of bills in
tens and twenties.

  "It’s not robbery!” he said. “It’s a
reward. He offered it for the chance
to get his hands on this awful crook who
bashed him up before! But what a pity
I couldn’t have closed the other eye for
him. Ah, well!”

  Taking the money with him, he
climbed into bed, shut off the night light
that was burning, and pleasantly antic-
ipated the delights of that slumber.

  “As the dear old blacksmith said,”
murmured Mr. Philibus sleepily,
“ ‘Something attempted, something
done, has earned a night’s repose’!”

|

BIG COAT DAY

1 T was a big coat day for thieves at the Carnegie Tech School of Pittsburgh,
Pennsylvania. One thief was about to walk out with a student’s coat, while
another was wearing two coats and carrying a purse belonging to a young lady
student in one of the pockets.

    The owner of the single overcoat recognized it when he saw the thief walking
toward the door. He immediately seized the man and a brief struggle ensued,
the result being that the student won the fight and marched the thief to the police
station. Meantime, the pal of the thief was discovered near the coat room even
better equipped than his friend.
 AN EXTRA TRIP FOR TONY

  By C. Wiles Hallock

               T’ONY FERRONI, the terrible wop,

  Prowling Ye Olde Antiquarian Shoppe,

                    Lifted a jade statuette.

                 Tony was vicious and Tony was smart;

  Tony cracked safes when he raided the mart,

                 But Tony was wop, and his weakness was art,

                  And jade is worth trouble to get.

  Tony was proud of his jade-lifting job;

                  Bragged of the trick to his pals of the mob;

                  Tony was clever, but rash.

                 Mobsters know -how to make use of a fool.

  Mobsters don’t care about art, as a rule,

                    Except for its value in cash.

  Tony soon found what a fool he had been;

  Tony was warned by the mob to kick in.

                  What did they care about art?

                 (Well, they cared some: A reward would be paid,

                  No questions asked for that green chunk of jade,

  Ten grand—and no cops taking part!)

                 Tony kicked in. ’Twas a blow to his pride.

                 Why be perverse, though? Risk taking a ride?

                 Mobsters are desperate men!

                 They got the reward. There the matter should drop;
                 But jade was the weakness of Tony, the wop.

                 Straight back to Ye Olde Antiquarian Shoppe
                    Sneaked Tony, and stole it again!

DS-8C
       SHUDDER swept over the
/\ emaciated form of “Foxy”
xTa Nelson as the tenth ominous
stroke boomed from the
courthouse tower a few blocks away.
For the hundredth time that night, he
rose from the rickety chair, shambled
over to the grimy, broken window, and
peered out. Not that he could see any-
thing—unless it was the corner street
lamp swinging crazily in the wind half
a block away. A tree fell close by,
followed by a roar of thunder, presag-
ing another storm, so common at this
time of year.

  “Two hours,” Foxy muttered. Leav-
ing the window, he tiptoed back across
the bare floor and sat down on the edge
of the sagging cot, the only other fur-
niture in the room.

  His mind was teeming with vague
misgivings. Had Tommy told? Was
his secret safe? His thoughts flitted to
another section of the city—to grim,

 DS-9C

gray walls—a little room—a chair. Two
hours from now, shortly before mid-
night, Tommy Walters would enter the
little room and sit down in the chair.
For a moment, Foxy experienced a
wave of pity. Too bad! Tommy had
been a good kid—never squealed
through all the grilling. He would
have made a swell partner; young, wiry,
athletic. True blue, too! And then
he had allowed himself to be caught on
their first job!

  “The little greenhorn!” Foxy ex-
ploded, then caught himself. Mustn’t
let loose like that.

  He reviewed the five years he had
played a lone hand without capture.
Then—his meeting with Tommy, a
candid youth of nineteen; the rapid ac-
quaintance, friendship, persuasion, part-
nership; his careful coaching of the
kid; the eventful night; the unexpected
appearance of the night watchman; the
bark of Tommy’s gun in his panic.

By Dolores Du Shane

He Needed It

HIS LUCKY QUARTER DOES A LOT TO SHOCK HIM.
130

Detective Story Magazine

    Foxy mopped his brow with a soiled,
  tattered handkerchief as, outside, the
  November rain began its furious on-
  slaught against the grimy window.

    Wounded, the watchman had reached
  for his own gun. But too late! Foxy’s
  .45 spat twice; the watchman fell.
  Foxy had then wheeled around just in
  time to see the kid disappearing through
  the door that led to the street, where,
  it was disclosed later, he had run di-
  rectly into the arms of a policeman
  who had been attracted by the shots.

    The little fool! Why hadn’t he stuck
  with his partner? Foxy had explained
  that he, alone, knew the only safe hid-
  ing place in that huge warehouse. But
  no! The little fool had to bungle things
  on the very brink of a prosperous
  career. And he, Foxy Nelson, ablest
  “soup” man in the game, had been
  forced to remain in concealment until
  this thing was over.

    He emitted a snort of disgust that
  ended in a gasp of dismay. Somewhere
  in the hall, a board had creaked. Leap-
  ing to his feet, his hand darted to his
  hip pocket. He drew it away, cursing
  inwardly. He had forgotten for the
  moment that his gun was reposing in a
  downtown pawnshop. Beads of per-
  spiration pearled on his forehead, and
  he felt suffocated, fearing to breathe.
  This was the end. Caught like a rat
  in a trap.

   Then he laughed. Why, that was
 what it was. Rats. This dilapidated
 old lodging house was infested from
 cellar to garret. He breathed a deep
 sigh of relief and shuffled over to the
 , window again. A great bolt of light-
 ning greeted him, and he recoiled in
 terror. Electricity! The yawning
 mouth of hell!

    Above a loud burst of thunder, the
  big clock struck the half hour. Foxy
  tottered back and sank down weakly
  into the battered chair. What was
  Tommy doing? Was he cursing his

fate? No! Tommy wasn’t that kind.
Probably praying! But had he told?
Had he, in repentance, confessed to the
identity of his partner? Foxy’s name
—an assumed one—wouldn’t matter.
He had never been caught; never been
“mugged” or finger printed. But there
was the scar.

  His whole left ear was gone! Ampu-
tation had been necessary two. years be-
fore, when infection had set in—infec-
tion from a gunshot wound inflicted by
an officer’s pistol. That had been his
closest escape. Yes, he had deemed it
wise to remain “on vacation” until—
Tommy was gone.

  He fumbled in his pockets for cig-
arettes. Something clattered to the
floor as he withdrew the package. He
bent over and picked it up, twirling it
in his restless fingers: his lucky coin;
a quarter so old that the luster had long
since worn away and the date become
indistinguishable. For six long years,
he had carried it and had never been
caught.

  He laughed. Funny how a guy
would get such ideas! But the fact re-
mained that, rather than spend it, he
had foregone the purchase of cigarettes
earlier in the evening. He looked rue-
fully inside the pack. Only one left.
He started to draw it out, dropped it
back, drew it out and lit it.

  Deeply he inhaled and relaxed in the
chair, returning the quarter to its ac-
customed place in the side pocket of
his trousers. The nicotine soothed his
frayed nerves, reassuring him. What
had been the matter with him, any-
way? One would think he was getting
white-livered.

  He leaned back and puffed content-
edly. Everything would be jake to-
morrow. With the coast clear once
more, it would be a simple matter to
get the money to redeem his gun. Then
back to Zanesville, where he’d hidden
for the past nine months, and that
swell job he had spotted.
He Needed It

131

  The cigarette fell from his fingers.
•The clock was striking eleven!

  He sat perfectly still and counted the
strokes. When it had finished, he
stooped to recover the cigarette, straight-
ened up, and stared at the door. Un-
mistakably, those were human footsteps
he heard. Somebody was pausing out-
side his door. His throat constricted
painfully as he strained forward to
listen. He breathed a malediction
against the reduced circumstances that
had forced him into renting such a trap
—a room with no lock on the door.
There wasn’t even a fire escape.

  There came a loud knock upon the
door.	\

  Springing to his feet, he darted to
one side, the chair held menacingly
above his head. He’d never give up
without a struggle. He’d go down
fighting. A strangling sob rose in his
throat. Why had he ever left Zanes-
ville to come to this accursed place?
He’d been safe the whole week, and
now, on the very last night-

  The knock was repeated. Swaying
weakly, he finally found his voice.

  “Who’s there?”

  “Say, brother! Can you spare a
match ?”

  Foxy recognized the voice of a
roomer from across the hall. Setting
the chair down, he opened the door a
few inches and peered out.

  “Just came in,” the other explained.
“Went to light the gas and found I
didn’t have a match. Thought maybe
you could spare one. Thanks. Sorry
to bother you.”

  “ ’S all right,” Foxy mumbled as the
man walked away.

  He closed the door and propped the
chair under the knob. Then, returning
to the cot, he*sank down, haggard and
spent. Perspiration trickled down his
lean cheeks and dripped from his chin.
How crazy he’d been ever to come to
Columbus! After all, he could have
waited a few hours longer to see the

newspapers. They’d give more details,
too, than the extras.

  Eleven thirty! Standing again before
the window, water splashing in through
the broken pane, he noticed that the
corner street lamp was out. Everything
was shrouded in darkness except now
and then when a bolt of lightning zig-
zagged across the heavens.

  They probably were starting the death
march about now. The crown of Tom-
my’s head would be shaved, his trou-
sers leg slit. Wonder if he was hys-
terical, as on that other night? And,
most important, what would pass his
lips before the switch was pushed in?

  A sudden crash of thunder broadcast
its fury, followed by a wriggling streak
of flames that, to Foxy, resembled a
monstrous, hissing snake.

  “Heavens!” he whispered. “What a
night—what a way—to pass out!”

  At five minutes past midnight, Foxy
descended the squeaky stairs and started
down the street. The worst part of the
storm was over, but a keen, nipping
drizzle was still falling. Foxy shivered
and drew his thin jacket closer. He
rapped out an oath as the water on the
sidewalk seeped in through the worn
soles of his low-cut shoes.

  Crossing the first intersection, he
saw that the street lamp—the one he
had watched from his attic window—
had been blown down and was lying in
the street, broken into a thousand frag-
ments. Two blocks beyond, he pulled
his cap lower on the left side of his
face, and turned the corner onto High.
Crossing over, he started down the left
side of the street toward the State
House, closely hugging the stores at his
left.

  Fifteen minutes passed.

  “Extra! Extra! Extra!”

  The newsboys were appearing now
like buzzards circling over a heap of
carrion, their raucous yells ringing
shrilly above the abating din of traffic.
132

Detective Story Magazine

  “Extra! Extra! All ’bout the ’lec-
trocution ! Extra! Paper, mister ?”

  Foxy gave the boy his last nickel and
turned back up High, reading as he
hurried on toward deeper shadows:

   Thomas Walters, twenty-year-old Cincinnati
gunman, went to his death in the electric chair
shortly before midnight last night. Convicted
of the fatal shooting of a Cincinnati night
watchman last February in an attempted hold-
up, he was strapped in the chair at 11:42 and
pronounced dead seven minutes later.

  Foxy skimmed hastily over the de-
tails as he hurried along. Only one
thing he was interested in. Ah!

   Although Walters was known to have had an
accomplice, due to the different caliber bul-
lets in the watchman’s body, he went calmly
to his death with sealed lips regarding the
identity of his companion.

  Foxy caressed the newspaper and
chuckled. Safe at last! Tommy had
remained faithful to the end. He
should have known that the kid was
that kind. Yes, he’d have made a swell
partner. Too bad!

  He squared his shoulders and strode
forward at a brisker gait. It was sweet
to be alive and free. No more hiding!
No more attic rooms! Back to Zanes-
ville for him and that easy job! If
only he had a smoke!

  His gaze fell on a cigarette butt lying
beside the curb. It was a long one—
not over a third smoked. He bent over
and picked it up. It was soaked. No
matter; he’d dry it over the gas jet in
his room. But he needed his gun. He
must have money to redeem it. Maybe
now on some dark street-

  “Hey, there! Wait a minute!”

  Foxy whirled quickly around and
gaped.

  “Lord!” he cried. “A copper!”

  In the mad sprint that followed, the
officer was no more than fifteen paces
behind. Cursing viciously at this un-
timely encounter, Foxy sped onward,
wildly, recklessly, aimlessly. A hys-

terical sob rose in his throat that was
dry as parchment.

  Tommy, the double crosser. He had
told, after all. The dirty bulls had
tricked him.

  He knew without turning that his
pursuer was gaining. If only he had
his gun! Ignoring the thundering com-
mand to halt, he exerted his last ounce
of strength in the desperate effort to
escape. The newspaper went flying.

  A dark alley suddenly confronted
him, and he dived for the entrance. Be-
hind him, as he dashed blindly through
the inky passage, he heard the shrill
blast of the policeman’s whistle. With-
out pausing in flight, he turned and
peered back. He groaned at his un-
armed helplessness as his Nemesis came
charging, a perfect target against the
illuminated background of High Street.

  And then another uniform appeared.
A choking sob of despair escaped him.
They were closing in! Although his
strength was ebbing, he refused to ad-
mit defeat. Panic lent wings to his
feet as he shot through the welcome
darkness like a bullet. He swore aloud
as he landed with both feet in a puddle
and the water gushed through his soles
and squashed between his toes.

  He took a quick leap forward, tripped
on something, and fell headlong.
Reaching out, he groped blindly, fren-
ziedly for a handhold. His hand came
in contact with something and held.

  The two officers flashed their lights
on the prostrate form and turned it
over.	\

  “Electrocuted, by Heaven!”

  “Guess you’re right, sergeant. That
water hole and fallen power line made
a perfect contact, by the looks.”

  The sergeant knelt down and scru-
tinized the features more closely.
"Know who he is?”

  “Never saw ’im before, sergeant.
Didn’t have anything on ’im, either;
only he started to run for dear life
He Needed It

133

when I called to ’im. Thought then sidewalk. Guess he didn’t see it, but I
that he might be a yegg.” He stooped did.” He reached into his pocket. “By
and went through the pockets. “No the looks of his clothes, I figured the
weapons on ’im, though. Guess he was poor devil needed it, so I called to ’im.
afraid of bein’ run in on' a vagrancy I was goin’ to return it to ’im, but he
charge.”	started runnin’ like the very devil was

  “How did you happen to call to after ’im.”
him?”	He held out his hand. In the palm

  “Well, sir, he stooped over to pick lay a dull, obsolete quarter,
up a cigarette butt, and something fell “Yeah,” the sergeant growled, “he
from his pocket and rolled onto the probably needed it.”

                                                                   _

SLAVE AND MASTER FIGHT

COMETIMES a burglary job is a fifty-fifty proposition, and then again one of
a pair is the boss. It was a case of a master and a rebellious slave that put
the burglary job second in importance a short time ago. The affair took place in
a New York apartment which the two men had entered for the purpose of robbing.

    The occupant of the apartment was an elderly man living alone. The burglars
had ransacked the place pretty thoroughly before he awoke from his slumbers, the
hour being after two a. m. Up to that time, the loot only amounted to eight dollars
and a few miscellaneous articles.

    “Tie him up!” commanded the head burglar. His underling demurred. He
discovered that the occupant of the apartment was old and had a withered arm.
He was genuinely afraid of hurting him. He wanted to leave him alone and make
a hurried exit. But his leader was not to be disobeyed. He felt he must have
obedience at any cost. Accordingly, he picked up a bread knife and stabbed his
partner in the side.

    From that moment onward it became a rough-and-tumble fight, while the old
man shouted: “Help! Murder! Police!” The entire street became alarmed.
The burglars suddenly decided to unite on at least one idea, and that was to run.
They dashed from the apartment which was on the first floor and disappeared
around the corner. Here they ran into the arms of a patrolman who grabbed
each by an arm and demanded to know why they were running.

    “Can’t you see?” asked the “master” burglar, thinking quickly, “We're
training.”

    “What for?” asked the patrolman, unconvinced.

    “Take a look at this bum,” he answered, crooking his finger at his late an-
tagonist. He’s ‘Big Jack.’ from the Garden.”

    The policeman was still not convinced. He continued asking embarrassing
questions, and his captives were squirming with real anxiety for they did not
know at what moment the yelling street crowd would appear around the .very
corner they had come. Why were they running at three o’clock in the morning?
Because the streets were clear and the air purer, was the burglar’s answer;, but
still the officer tarried. Just then residents of the neighborhood they had so
successfully eluded, came panting up and identified the men as the two burglars.

    The prisoners were taken to the police station when it was discovered that one
of them was wounded. He was hurried to a near-by hospital.
Conducted

By

      If you are an employer and desire to place your employees in the positions in
 your office or factory for which they are best fitted; or if you are just about to
 step out into the world to earn your own living; or if crimes involving handwriting
 have been committed in your community; or if you want to know the characters of
 your friends as revealed in their chirography—send specimens of the handwriting of
 the persons concerned to Shirley Spencer, Detective Story Magazine, 79 Seventh
 Avenue, New York City, and inclose a stamped, addressed envelope. Shirley Spencer
 will analyze the samples submitted to her and will give you her expert opinion of
 them, free of charge.

     Also, coupon—at end of this department—must accompany each specimen of
 handwriting which you wish read. If possible, write with black ink.

      All communications will be held in strict confidence. When permission is granted,
  cases will be discussed in the department, with or without the illustrations. Of course,
  under no circumstances will the identity of the persons concerned be revealed.

      Every care will be taken to return specimens of handwriting, but it is to be
 understood that Miss Spencer cannot be responsible for them.

  P. K. M.: I wish that some of the
stage-struck people could hear you say
that, if you had your life to live over
again, you wouldn’t go in for acting.
It is true that once you are in it. then
the “bug has bitten you” permanently.
It isn’t a life of ease and glamour, is it?
No, it has its drawbacks just like any
other profession—and has more than
many.

  There are a good many flourishes in
your writing and many “curlicues.”

Love of pleasure is pretty strong. You
are humorous and full of fun, so I
imagine you have a good time whatever
you do. Your writing runs downhill
somewhat and, as I don’t think you are
naturally a pessimistic person, it must be
that you are not up to the standard in
health. Perhaps you were tired when
you wrote the letter or have just used
up your strength. Watch that, as you
are not a strong person. Your “t” bars
are not the firm, certain strokes of a
person with driving power and force.

  R. L. K., Illinois: Yes, accuracy and
precision are certainly shown in your
script. You didn’t need to tell me that,
though I am glad you did, as I like to
have these proofs of the truth of
graphology.

  The even pressure, uniform letter
What Handwriting Reveals

135

■■ i

formations, spacing and margins, and
the small writing all point to detail work
and scientific mentality. You are well
fitted for your work.

  You have a kind nature and are af-
fectionate but j-eserved. There is more
power behind your will than is found
with most men who devote their lives to
sedentary work of a mental nature. I
am sure that you could fill an executive
position with success.

  R. L., Pennsylvania: Well! well!
well! I am rendered rather speechless
before your script! It is taking me
some time to get over the first impres-
sion and try to discover the real you
down in under all that superficial arti-
ficiality.

  First I must scold you about letting
your ego just roam around that way.
Do you mind if I am very frank with
you? There is so much conceit ex-
pressed in your script that I just can’t
keep from mentioning it even though
I know you will probably hate me for it.
Just look at those inflated loops—all out
of proportion—and making the impres-
sion of your personality and character
pretty bad. You don’t want to put your
worst foot forward all the time, do you ?
If not, then I beg of you to become a
humble, sincere, and honest person.
Drop the artificial manners and the in-
sincere pose. It does not become you
at all.

  A more impractical person I don’t
think I have ever seen, so naturally you

would detest business—and business
would detest having you around, I’m
sure. You are not in line for any real,
constructive work, for you are not
thinking constructively or trying to make
the best of your mind. You are day-
dreaming, imagining—oh, how your
imagination does work!—but very little
real, fundamental thinking or work do
you do. The indolence indicated in your
script is appalling!

  I suggest that you study design. You
are capable of original, creative work it
you can change your
habits.

Miss R. G., London, England : After
the erratic script I just read, I find your
writing like a calm after a storm. You

are practical, proper, and sens;

md

your emotions are disciplined and under
excellent control. Not that you haven’t
something to you, for you have. You
are one of those cool, collected persons
who is efficient without being boring.

Ow !w3l (wUA-4/vnJLJL

MvJL	VLt Si-l*

    JWa

             Vq'j

The vertical writing, even pen pres-
sure, large, rounded writing tell me that
136

Detective Story Magazhne

you are good-natured, pleasant, and well
balanced.

  L. B., Pennsylvania: I am often
asked if physical disturbances can be
seen in the handwriting. The state of
the nerves is reflected in one’s script. If
the physical disturbance has affected the
nervous system, then the record is there
in the script—not of what has caused it,
however. Sometimes a few intoxicat-
ing drinks will so upset the nervous sys-
tem that the evidence is quite visible in
the script, and then again some people
could dissipate and overindulge in stimu-
lants and drugs to excess without show-
ing any sign in their writing. It de-
pends upon the constitution of the
writer and the nature of the disease or
mental disturbance and period of time
involved how much the handwriting will
give them away.

                        . .

  Your writing, young man, is not nor-
mal right now. I can’t tell whether or
not this is a temporary condition but
you yourself will be able to judge that
if you are aware of the condition and
what is causing it. Whatever it is,
your nervous system has been affected.
Guard your health! The broken or
fractured letters, the wavering lines, un-
even pen pressure and jerky writing re-
veal a physical and mental disturbance.

  V. S. O., North Dakota: Thank you
for using the India ink. The blue ink
does not reproduce well in the magazine.

  I don’t think that your dreams are
“pipe dreams” at all. I think they sound
very possible. You have practically fin-
ished your training and if you go to
Chicago and get a job in the commercial
art field, you will certainly be able to
have your apartment and the arrange-
ment you speak about. None of that is
impossible, and I really think you should
do it at once and not stay in a small
place. I don’t know about art condi-
tions in Chicago, but I know there are
many opportunities here in New York.

  Your writing does not show unusual
skill or ability for art, but enough to
warrant your going on with the work.
Your years of teaching have made their
mark on you so that you are more con-
ventional and more steneotyped than
the average artistic person. You can
live that down, however! A little prac-
tical ability will never hurt an artist, I
hope.

  Remember the stamped, self-addressed
envelope.

          Handwriting Coupon
This coupon must accompany each
specimen of handwriting which you wish
read.

Name..................................

Address................................
Under The Lamp

By Gerard Holmes

    This department is conducted by Gerard Holmes for those of you who like puz-
zles. If there is any particular kind of puzzle that you prefer, please tell us and
Gerard Holmes will do his best to give it to you. Also, won’t you work on a puzzle
of your own, send it in, and let the other readers wrestle with it?

    Answers to this week’s problems will be printed in next week’s issue of Detec-
tive Story Magazine.

    All letters relative to this department should be addressed to Gerard Holmes,
care of Detective Story Magazine, 79 Seventh Avenue, New York City.

EDD A. WILLIAMS, 195 “E”
Street, San Bernardino, Califor-
nia, who submits this crypt, says
its only claim to distinction is that it
contains every letter in the alphabet.

1. SGR BURQFVYRC

 GBAB JNF DHVP-

 XKL PNHTGS I H E-

 OVMT ZQBE SGR

 A B W P N Q .

  A code of twenty-five four-letter
words may give the fans some enter-
tainment, declares W. S. Muchler, 1205
Lingle Avenue, Flint, Michigan. Here
goes!

PEAT      CE1H    X U L A 
W H E M   Z U D A M O N S 
HUWA?     N S A R PER’N   
T L U R   N S 0 T M O D C 
Z U W A . D I L B F I T N 
W 0 J A   T E F A T 0 W R 
U M U C , FUBA    S U H P 
M E H B   N I H R O R N E 
  Z D U C .

  When you have solved this crypto-
gram, you will know what trade J. H.
Newell, Tonka wa, Oklahoma, has
138	Detective Story Magazine

chosen for his life work. He knows XJHB X J V ZYRRO-
whereof he speaks.

XRVBX YU HBD
YXJVM EVMUVZX
ZMORV. XMD OX.

3. ABCDEFGH B ABC-
 DE Z B Y X W WXUBFW
 B TZBSS AW FTC

Anszvers to Last Week's Pussies:
ABCDE AFSS BTC- If you were persistent, you won out

with the composition sent to us by
RGFTE NRP ON CEX Captain A. B. Jones, corps of engineers,

                                       U. S. army, of 3540 Hertford Place,
                                       Washington, District of Columbia.

 MXSFDBDN RL CR-

PDE WXKPFWXM “Handy Andy has gone to Andover

                                           to hand over the andirons.”

LRW CEFT ARWY. Scanty use of “E” in this familiar

                                           phrase brings out unusual difficulties.
Forrest Black, 515 West Pawnee Solvers accustomed to start work by
Street, Cleveland, Ohio, sends us one application of the “etaoinshrdlu,” or
of his own. He admits it’s foolish, so similar frequency tables, will find such
be prepared.	process of no value.

                                      From Bud Gruf, of Santa Monica,

4.	VJDVGUJDXO SSB-

 California.

QOSPFBA XBVKV- Unrestricted sale of narcotics con-
stitutes civilization’s greatest menace.

GX.VCZ FFJDXJI- Shall we say from our bachelor

friend? J. B. Fuqua, 2910 Mercier

XXQ DZBFVTAQ

 Street, Kansas City, Missouri.

 FVUXJDVGX	Matrimony is not a word. It is a

                                              disease like pneumonia or diphtheria,
Fresh from the pen of D. C. Walker, and 'lt should be carefully guarded
Elkhorn, Montana, comes this message. against.

He says, “it ought not to give any one Everett P. Petrie, Dominion C. B„
much tiouble.	Nova Scotia, Canada, composed this

5.	X Y Z Y B W X M N Z X
 ZMDEXOZ WZMOEX

long-division puzzle.
4. JOCULARITY.

OOXTYNX ZFVOW ^end *n your answers to each Week’s
~	J	^	puzzles, ye fans, and watch for your

OW BY VHWOVM

PUZZLE FANS’ HONOR ROLL

Send in your answers to each we
puzzles, ye fans, and watch for j
name on our monthly Honor Roll.

Notice

   Every now and then, we plan to run puzzles from readers according to the
State in which they live.

    We know you are all proud of your native State, so say it with puzzles and let
us judge which State has the most clever fans.
CHANG, Chang, give us more
Chang!

Apple, you’ve either got to
write another story about your notor-
ious character or tell us that he’s dead.
But, Apple, perish the thought that this
last should be the sad, sad truth. We
realize that there are some who’ll think
ill of us that we should harbor such a
thought—that we should long to learn
that Mr. Chang escaped, how he did
so, and then what happened. Still, is
it not wicked to wish any person dead?
Then, too, that man, Chang, sure does
keep moving about and never lets any
one else stand still, either. And the
reader, he or she, can’t help hustling
right along with Chang and the rest of
them, whoever they happen to be; those,
we mean, who have got themselves tan-
gled up with him.

  Come, Apple, is it crape, or the open
road and adventure, for Chang?

  Here is A. L. Carson, 482 Catherine
Street, Columbus, Ohio; he’s for
Chang:

  “Dear Editor: After reading De-
tective Story Magazine for six long
years, I am becoming rather disap-
pointed, more so at every issue.

  “When Friday comes I dash madly
to the nearest book store and buy an
issue of Detective Story Magazine,
open the cover to the contents page, and
then—give you the very old dickens.
Why ? Because there is no story of Mr.
Chang listed.

  I am sure you want to give your read-
ers what they want, so give us Chang
lovers a break. Arrange to take a vote
for and against this heathen and allow
the votes to decide his fate. Fair, eh?

Then, in the meantime, allow us to light
up the pipe, open our book to a Rafferty,
or, once in a while, a Crimson Clown,
story and I for one will gladly help pay
to keep a certain editor on the job.

  “Come on, Editor! Let’s ask these
folks who read Headquarters Chat how
they want to vote! Make mine for Mr.
Chang, Rafferty, and The Crimson
Clown.”

  It was through your Chang, Apple,
that W. Ray Burrows, 49 Troup Street,
Rochester, New York, got started read-
ing Detective Story Magazine. He
says:

  “Dear Editor: I have just read Mr.
Richards’ letter in the April 12th Chat,
and I heartily agree with his desire to
see a return of Mr. Chang!

  “The Chang stories of Mr. Apple are
in a class with the ‘Fu Manchu’ novels
of Sax Rohmer—fascinating, thrilling,
and intensely interesting. I note that
you say many readers took a violent
dislike to them. All right. .Do they
need to be so selfish as to deprive thou-
sands of readers who want them of
the pleasure of reading exactly what
they like?

  “There are some stories that I like
much better than others, but I figure
that other people will, perhaps, like
them better than I do, and read them,
and pass on to others. So it seems to
me you should request Apple to re-
vive them. It was ‘Mr. Chang of Scot-
land Yard’ that first led me to buy
your magazine! Furthermore, I know
of many readers who feel just as I do.
If there are some who threaten to quit
if Mr. Chang returns, all right. I’ll
140

Detective Story Magazine

wager that those who want him far out-
number those who don’t.

  “I am in favor of one serial, three
or four novelettes, and two short sto-
ries in each issue. Eliminate short sto-
ries in favor of the longer novelettes.
Also, I think you could enlarge the
Headquarters Chat to four pages, pub-
lishing the letters—say about six to
eight each week—in very small type,
and making this department a more in-
formal, get-together discussion of what
we like.”

  Our new brain child pleases T. M.
Morris, Apartment No. 3, 3640 Park
Avenue, Montreal, Quebec, Canada:

  “Dear Editor: I received your let-
ter, and I am glad that you are putting
my Missing notice in print. You also
sent a letter about your Best Detec-
tive Magazine. I have bought a copy,
and it sure is fine. It has been quite
a long time since I have read any Thub-
way Tham stories by Johnston McCul-
ley. I can’t help liking him; he is a
cool customer. I certainly enjoy read-
ing about him in Best Detective Maga-
zine. I like every one of your authors.
They are the pick of the best writers.
Sax Rohmer’s ‘The Yellow Claw,’ and
‘The Butler’s Ruby,’ by Armstrong Liv-
ingston, were great. My chums are all
going to read your Best Detective
Magazine. It ought to go big. Yours
for success.”

  Detective Story Magazine is the
best; her old favorite leads with Mrs.
R. Novak, 334 East Eighty-third Street,
New York, New York, who declares:

  “Dear Editor: I’ve never had any
of my letters published, telling you how

              \

I enjoyed your magazine for twelve
years, but I feel you appreciated my
writing anyway.

  “This note is also to tell you how I
enjoy the new publication, Best De-
tective Magazine. I read the very
first one and liked the serials. If
you hold the pace you’ve set in Best
Detective Magazine, this big twenty-
cent monthly will make a fine fill-in
for those of us who so often have to
wait for the weekly.

  “I do like the illustrations in Detec-
tive Story Magazine very much. The
characters look as real as can be. I
like that redhead, Spud McGee. Spud
and his wife are good detectives. I
never enjoy Rafferty—too much repe-
tition—but the rest of the stories I do
like. I read a lot, but I like my old
favorite, Detective Story Magazine,
the best, and Best Detective Magazine
next.

  “Print a story from Doctor Poate
soon. Is he still in North Carolina?

  “Cheerio!”

  Yes, the good M. D., lawyer, and,
last but not least, author, is still one
of Southern Pines’ leading and most
beloved citizens.

  Triem, pluck up your courage. You
have an admirer in Clemens Winden-
fellen, Howarden, Iowa:

  “Dear Editor: I am just a begin-
ner in reading Detective Story Maga-
zine, and I like it very much. The John
Doe stories are especially interesting.

  “I should like to suggest something,
and hope you will not think it rude of
me to do so. 1 think you ought to pub-
lish some stories which the reader would
have to solve for himself.”
MISSING

   This department conducted In duplleat# In DETECTIVE STORY MAGAZINE
and WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE, thus giving readers double service. Is offend
freo of eharge to our readers. Its purpose is to aid them In getting in touch wltfi
persons of whom they have lost traek.

    While It will be better to use your name in the notiee, we will print your reguest
“blind" If you prefer. In sending “blind” notices, you must, of eourse, give us your right name and addreas, so that
we ran forward promptly any letters that may come for you. We reserve the right to reject any notice that seems to
us unsuitable. Because “copy" for a magazine must go to the printer long in advance of publication, don’t expect to
see your notiee till a considerable time after you send It.

    If it can be avoided, please do not send us a “General Delivery” post-office address, for experience has proved that
those persons who are not specific as to address often have mail that we send them returned to us marked "not found.’
It would be well, also, to notify us of any change in your address.

    Now, readers, help those whoso friends or relatives are missing, as you would like to bo helped if you were la •
similar position.

    WARNING.—Do not forward money to any one who sends you a letter or telegram, asking for money “to got homo,”
et cetera, until you are absolutely eertain that the author of such telegram or letter is the person you are seeking.

   Address all communications to Missing Department, DETECTIVE STORY MAGAZINE, 79 Seventh Avenue, New
York City.

  HOGAN, ALVA A.—-Last known address was U. S. Vet-
erans' Hospital, Fort Lyon, Colorado. Served on the U. S.
S. "Arkansas” in 1926 and 1927 Information appreciated
by Henry M. Casey, 13 May Street, North Andover, Mas-
sachusetts.

  GUILD, ELMER E., DONALD M., and JOSIE BING-
HAM.—My father, brother, and mother. Last heard from
in 1923, when my brother and I, Mabel E. Guild, were
taken from mother at Vancouver., Washington. Wc were
placed in an orphanage. Information appreciated by Mrs.
Ernest M. Vance, care of H. H. Carolus, Hartline, Wash-
ington.

  BINGHAM, LLOYD E., and VICTOR P. KING—A pri-
vate and a nurse at the Vancouver Barracks, in 1923 In-
formation appreciated by Mrs. Ernest M. Vance, care of
H. H. Carolus, Hartline, Washington.

  SOLLAND, GEORGE.—Served in the U. S. marines at
Santiago and Puerta Plaza, Dominican Republic, from 1920
to 1922. Please write to .lesse Krohn, 129 West Second
Street, Watsonville, California.

  BRADY, ROBERT J.—Last heard from in Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania. Please write to May Gallagher, care of this
magazine.

  BROWN, ELIZA MAY. nee GARLAND.—Worked in
Wyman's Restaurant in Lynn, Massachusetts, about thirty-
four years ago. Information appreciated by a relative,

C.	E. B., care of this magazine.

  WALTMAN, HOWARD.—Last heard from in Clarkston,
Oklahoma. Please write to an old Friend, care of this
magazine.

  BYRNE.—Would like to hear from any one having that
nauie in Brooklyn, New York, or Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Please write to Owen and Margaret Byrne, care of this
magazine.

  RIESS, W. A. or HARRY.—Twenty-four years old. For-
merly of Alabama. When last heard from was working in
Chester, Pennsylvania. Information appreciated by Edith
and Billy, Jr., care of this magazine.

  McKINLEY, JAMES.—About seventy-five years old.
Brother of Mrs. Margaret O’Brien, of Hamilton, Ontario,
Canada. Last heard from in San Francisco, California.
Information appreciated by Mrs. J. J. Mahoney, Admiral,
Saskatchewan, Canada.

  ROWE, MRS.—About thirty-eight years old. Has two
sons, one fourteen and the other twelve years old. Last
heard from in Clarksburg, West Virginia, two years ago.
Information appreciated by P. Doyel, North Hills Golf Club,
Douglaston, Long Island, New York.

  RASMUSSEN, CARL.—Last heard from in Texas. Please
write to A. Hartvigson, 1206% West Houston Street, San
Antonio, Texas.

  RICE, T. A.—Please oome home or write to your wife,
Clara Rice, Capitol Hill Laundry, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.

  VERA.—Glad to roceive your letter. Helen is with us.
Please write to Mother B., care of this magazine.

  REEF, OSCAR J.—Why don't you come home? Pleaso
write to your youngest sister, Margaret, care of this maga-
zine.

  PULGIESE, ADAM.—Information appreciated by F. R.
Paris, 1809 West Street, Oakland, California.

  SULLIVAN, EDNA.—Formerly of Omaha, Nebraska. La»t
heard from in Butte, Montana. Please wrlto to .T. J.
Bruce C., care of this magazine.

  SCALE8, RALPH EDWARD.—Fourteen years old. Five
feet six inches tall, weighs about one hundred and fifteen
pounds. Has brown hair and eyes. Last heard from No-
\i5iuber 16, 1929, when he left the home of his aunt, Mrs.
itiiriMi Davis, in Anna, Illinois. Information appreciated by
his mother, Mrs. W. A. Scales, R. R. 1, Bicknell, Indiana.

  PARIS. GEORGE P.—Believed to be in San Antonio,

Ti* . :s. Information appreciated by his son, F. B, Parli,
1800 West Street, Oakland, California.

  AGARD, HARRY.—Last heard from in April, 1920. Ho

was then stationed at Camp Travis,	Texas. Information

appreciated by Gertrude Askew, 414	East Sixth Street,
Flint, Michigan.

  IGOE or I GO.—John Igo married Delia Lenahan, in
Kingston, New York. They had three children—James,
Katie, and Delia. John's wife had two brothers—Dennis
and Joseph—and one sister, Mary. They all left New ^ork
State, several years ago, for Newark, Ohio. Information
concerning them or their descendants appreciated by
Michael Igo. 160 Bleecker Street, New York City.

  CAD WELL, LOUISE.—Last heard from in Chicago. Illi-
nois, In 192ti. May be in Chicago. Illinois, or in Detroit,
Michigan. Information appreciated by Mrs. Ituby Anglo
Womack, 419 Franklin Street, Tupelo, Mississippi.

  WOODS, GRESHAM.—Lived near Royston, Texas. In-
formation appreciated by his mother, Mrs. L. A. Jones,
Hermeleigh, Texas.

  COOK, MRS. ROBERT, nec MARY WALLACE.—About
fifty years old. Had a son, George, and daughter, Esther.
Last heard from In Newburg, Indiana, about twelve years
ago. Information appreciated by her niece, Mrs. Byers,
114 South Wall Street, Sioux City, Iowa.

  SPENCER, or LINDSTRUM, HELEN or ETHEL.—Of

Oklahoma. Please write to Lee, tare of this magazine.

  BOPDCES, MELLIE.—Was in Santa Monica. California,
in July, 1929. Please write to Lee, care of this magazine.

  KULAH, ANNIE.—Lived in Worcester, Massachusetts,
from 1900 to 1910. Moved to Spencer, Massachusetts, in
1910, and then back to Worcester. Information appreciated
by G. K., care of this magazine.

  MED EKE, MRS. ANNA.—Her husband was janitor of
St. Peter's Church, on East Thirty-fourth Street, New
York City, for several years. Information appreciated by
her sister, Mrs. Margaret Conrad, 50§ Oak Street, Porter-
ville, California.

  BAYLES, HOWARD.—Thirty-one years old. When last
heard from, fourteen years ago, was in the 114th Artillery,
stationed at Alexandria, Louisiana. His mother died in
November, 1929. Information appreciated by his sister,
Olive, care of this magazine.

  SPRACKLAND, BILL.—Mother died four years ago. Get
in touch with me immediately. All well in Albany. Please
write to your son, Wilmot Sprackland, 3415 Fifty-eighth
Street, Woodside, Long Island, New York.

  POTTS, JOSEPH WILLARD—Forty-five years old. Six
feet tall. Left England In March, 1914. Information appre-
ciated by his daughter, Mrs. Florence Pusey, 5 Seagrove
Road, London, S. W. 6, England.

  HEYART, JOHN WILLIAM—Was on the U. S. S.

"Tennessee.” Information appreciated by George Thomp-
son, 141 Jones Street, Ultimo, Sydney, New South Wales,
Australia.

  HARRIS, OSCAR or GEORGE.—Was at Fort Morgan,
Colorado, in 1914. Information appreciated by E. D., care
of this magazine.

  BARTON, OSCAR G.—Fifty-eight years old. Last heard
from in Terryville, Texas, in 1927. Information appreciated
by his sister, Margaret, care of this magazine.

  KELLER, MISS TED M.—Was in Seattle, Washington,
in 1921 or 1922. Information appreciated by George H.
McKean, Box 801, Santa Ana, California.

  GLOVER, OSCAR, or BEN PROFFITT.—Was in Kansas
City, Kansas, in 1910. Remember the fall of 1910 and
Wagoner, Oklahoma? Please write to Wilburn Younger,
803 West Denver Street, Muskogee, Oklahoma.

  BRAWLEY, BILL—Of Texas. Worked at Maud, Okla-
homa, in the summer of 1927. Please write to Wilburn
Younger, 803 West Denver Street, Muskogee, Oklahoma.

  MYERS, ACE; LOVE, JESSE, and WALTON, TOMMY.

— Please write to Hustler, care of this magazine.
142

MISSING DEPARTMENT

  SWANN. ROBERT.—Worked as bell boy In hotel tt
Sweetwater, Texas. Left there in December, 1929. Wife’s
name is Dorothy. Information appreciated by Hustler, care
of this magazine.

  NOTICE.—Some time in January, 1888, a baby girl was
abandoned in Indianapolis. Indiana. She was placed in
the Indianapolis Orphan Asylum, and lator adopted from
there. Information concerning her people appreciated by
Mrs. Hazel Stegall, 3922 West Seventh Street, Fort Worth,
Texas.

  ROGERS. WAIMON.—Please write to B. K., 1405 South
Grand Avenue, James Court, San Pedro, California.

  NOTICE.—-Would like to get in touch with Mary Mil-
vania and her mother, Mrs. Margie Butler. The daughter
is eleven years old. Has sandy hair, blue eyes, and a
scar on her right arm. The mother is about five feet six
inches tall, weighs one hundred, and Is forty years old.
Last heard from in Waldo, Florida. Information appre-
ciated by J. F. Butler, Santa Fe, Florida.

  LOUIS.—Please write to Mac, Box 33, Clatskanie, Oregon.

  NOTICE.—Lydia Guthrie married Henry Tripp, in 1825.
Believed to have relatives in Lockport, New York. Would
like to he*r from any of her people. Address Mrs. L. A.
Fredenburg, 273 Hunter Street, Battle Creek, Michigan.

  WILSON, JEAN C.—Small, dark complexion, hair, and
eyes. Information appreciated by his sister, Dorothy, care
of this magazine.

  DEW HITT.—Would like to hear from any one of that
name. Address Mrs. Mary Poteet, 601 Austin Street.
Wichita Falls, Texas.

  ATTENTION.—Would like to hear from Joe Brown, Bill
Alf, Kinky Collins, or any one who was in the Sixteenth
Field Artillery from 1902 to 1907. Address W. R. Bur-
nett, 23 Opera Place, Cincinnati, Ohio.

  ADAMS, JAMES.—Seventy-four years old. Has a brother,
Robert, and a sister, Lizzie, who is believed to be with
him. Their father was a blacksmith. Last heard from in
January, 1878. May be in North or South Dakota or Min-
nesota. Information appreciated by Daughter, care of thi3
magazine.

  BUDDY.—It will be all right if Myrtle is not with you.
Please write at once to Pal, care of this magazine.

  TROUTT, MRS. JIMMIE.—Last heard from in Marble
City, Oklahoma. Information appreciated by Friend, care
of this magazine.

  POKUS, FAY.—Lived on Waco Avenue, in Wichita, Kan-
sas. Believed to be somewhere in Texas. Urgent. Please
write to Robert Brady, 1013 Cass Avenue, St. Louis, Mis-
souri.

  LEE, MONROE R.—Mamma, Mildred, Lawrence, and
Henry Wesley want you. The children are in the orphan-
age at Tucson, Arizona. Please come back or write to
Leona, care of Mac, Box 4, Bisbee, Arizona.

  SULLIVAN, JOSEPH.—Forty-two years old. Last seen
In Cincinnati, Ohio, on Thanksgiving Day, twenty-on®
years ago. Last heard from in Indianapolis. Indiana. In-
formation appreciated by his sister, Mrs. Catherine Shan-
non, 2122 Herrick Avenue, Cincinnati, Ohio.

  8AV0Y, DANIEL.—David and George are dead. Please
write to your nephew, Edward B. Savoy, care of this maga-
zine.

  GLADYS.—Please come home or write to Frank Snyder,
607 South King Street, Robinson, Illinois.

  CARLSON, or SOMBERG. CHARLES.—Information ap-
preciated by his sister, Mrs. Albertine Medean, Route 1,
Box 230, Manhattan Beach, California.

  WATTS, JAMES.—Received your letter from New Gulf,
Texas. My answer to it was returned. Please write to Mrs.
Maude McNutt, Route 2, Box 235, Tulare, California.

  HOAK. BEN.—Please write to Mrs. M. E. Schantz, 7635
Sixty-ninth Street, Portland, Oregon.

  G. C. H.—Of Oklahoma. Spent the summer of 1927 in
Hot Springs, Arkansas. I can't forget. Please write to
Indian Runner, care of this magazine.

  STEPHENSON, PAT J.—Last heard from when he was
in the Field Artillery, stationed at (’amp Lewis, Washing-
ton. Have valuablo information for him. Information ap-
preciated by Buddy, care of this magazine.

  MeKINNEY, CLYDE R.—Last heard from In Canada.
Please write to your father, William T. McKinney, Box
32, Huntsville, Texas.

  GERTRUDE R. or W.—Formerly of Indiana. Nineteen
years old. Blonde. Weighs about one hundred and twenty-
five pounds. Please write to M. E. P., care of this maga-
zine.

SMITH. CHARLES J., and children. EDDIE. TED,
KENNETH. MARGUERITE, and EMERY.—Last heard
from in Butte, Montana, in 1921. Information appreciated
by Mrs. Mary Lacher, Burke, Idaho.

MacLACHLAN, or MaeLAUGHLIN, HARRY.—Brown
hair, gray eyes, five feet eight inches tall. Last heard from
in Stockton, California, in 1918. Information appreciated
by his sister, Mrs. O. J. K., care of this magazine.

JAMIESON, MARIE.—Lived on St. Patrick Street, in
Moncton, New Brunswick, Canada, in 1927. Please write
to Frank E., care of this magazine.

TELTZ, EDWARD.—Twenty-ftve years old. Spanish de-
scent. Five feet seven inches tall, black hair. Left Lo«
Angeles, California, in October, 1925. Believed to have
gone to Texas. Information appreciated by Mrs. Rose R.»
care of this magazine.

WELSH, JIMMIE or NEWT.—We are leaving here soon.
Have news. Please write to Dad, care of this magazine.

SULLIVAN, MICHAEL.—Lived for several years at 505

Broadway, Fargo, North Dakota. In May, 1888, went to
Ireland to bring his family to America. Because of trou-
ble between his wife and himself, left Ireland alone. Infor-
mation appreciated by his daughter, Ellen, care of this
magazine.

KIERMAN, HUGH FABIAN—We will help If you need
help. Please write to Moms, care of this magazine.

BRIN, EMILE.—I know all and forgive you. Harry
needs you. Please write to your wife, H. B., care of this
magazine.

TOTH, PAUL, and son, PAUL.—My grandfather and
uncle. Left Prairie City, Oregon, about twenty years
ago. Last heard from in Oakland, California. Informa-
tion appreciated by Mrs. Gisella Lancaster, 2627 John Street,
Detroit. Michigan.

MORRIS. ROBERT.—Last seen in St. Louis, Missouri,
in September, 1904. Information appreciated by his sister,
Eva, care of this magazine.

HOPKINS, JOHN NEWTON.—Last he*rd from in Cali-
fornia. Information appreciated by his sister, Mahela Hop-
kins, care of Mrs. Buckmaster, Sasakwa, Oklahoma.

CARR, LEE.—Last seen in Moro, Arkansas, in 1916.
Please write to your son. Cornelius Carr, Box 32, Bragg
City, Missouri.

CARPENTER, EARL.—Twenty-six years old. Six feet
tall, blue-gray eyes, dark-brown hair, and weighs about
one hundred and ninety-five pounds. Last seen in Mis-
soula, Montana, in September, 1929. Was on his way to
Kalispel, Montana. Formerly of Cleveland, Ohio. Infor-
mation appreciated by Mary Gross, 2111 Hock Avenue, Par-
sons, Kansas.

FRENZ, MRS. CHARLES, nee O’SHEA.—Formerly of
Bodal, Gowran, County Kilkenny, Ireland. When last
heard from, four years ago, was living at 55 Elwood Street,
New York City. Information appreciated by her nephew,
Patrick Brennan, 39 Ann Street, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.

AUSTIN. RICHIE LEE—Last heard from in Dallas.
Texas. Believed to have gone to California. Information
appreciated by Miss Bert Johnson, 1314 Sycamore Street,
Commerce, Texas.

WEATHERSBY. MR. and MRS. DON L.—Dons home
was in Marshall, Texas. He worked as a machinist In
the T. & P. Railroad shops during 1903 and 1904. In
June, 1904, he married Ruth Ozment, of 110 North Ringo
Street, Little Rock, Arkansas. They moved to Dennison,
Texas, in February, 1905. Last heard from in July, 1906,
when he was again working in the railroad shops, at Den-
nison, Texas. Information appreciated by an old Friend,
care of this magazine.

SMITH, G. F.—Forty-six years old. Five feet eight
inches tall, dark hair, blue eyes, and weighs about one
hundred and sixty pounds. Lived in Fairbury, Nebraska,
for twenty-two years. Was In Kalispel, Montana, in the
summer of 1909. Last heard from in Jennings, Kansas, in
1912. Information appreciated by 11. B. Smith, care of
this magazine.

FINER, EDDIE.—Believed to be in New York City. It
has been thirty years since I saw you. Please write to M.

D.	Morris, care of Charles Rader, Baldwin, Louisiana.

DeLACK, FRED.—Please write to M. D. Morris, care of
Charles Rader, Baldwin, Louisiana.

KEITH, G. C.—Thirty-nine years old. Last heard frora
in Rock Ireland, Illinois, in 1923. Father is dead ana
brother, L. G., is seriously ill. Please write to your sister,
Mrs. Winnie Robertson, Route 1, Box 906, Port Arthun
Texas.

PARRISH, CATHERINE.—Twenty-one years old. Five
feet two inches tall, black hair, olive complexion, and
weighs about one hundred pounds. Information appreciated
by Mutt, care of this magazine.
READ THE BEST—
STREET & SMITH’S Magazines

    This year we celebrate our sevesstySISth birthday.

    When a publishing enterprise like this occupies first place
in its particular line of industry after that period of time, it is
not accidental.

    Since 1855, when Francis S. Smith and Francis S. Street
shook hands over their partnership agreement, the firm of
STREET & SMITH has specialized in the publication of fiction.

    Early in our publishing experience we were brought to the
realization that he profits most who serves best. Therefore, we
spent millions of dollars in determining the wants of the reading
public and we supplied those wants. We did not try to force our
own ideas of literature on any one.

    The service rendered by the firm of STREET & SMITH is
a vital one. Through the media of weekly story papers, maga-
zines and books, we afforded mental relaxation, entertainment and
a love for reading that could not be supplied by anything else.

    Therefore, when we print on the covers of our magazines
the slogan, “READ THE BEST—STREET & SMITH’S
MAGAZINES,” we sincerely believe that the advice is sound.
Our various publications are the best of their respective classes.

    Look for the name of STREET & SMITH on the magazines
you buy. You cannot go wrong by relying upon it.

You will know them iKf by this trademark.

STREET & SMITH PUBLICATIONS, INC.
79 Seventh Avenue, New York, N. Y.
!

READ THE BEST—
STREET SMITH’S Magazines

AIR TRAILS - - - - - Monthly, 20 cents the copy ..... Subscription Price, $2.00

          A magazine devoted to the thrill, the glamour and the high adventure of man’s
          conquest of the air.

BEST DETECTIVE MAGAZINE • Monthly, 20 cents the copy - Subscription Price, $2.00

          This magazine contains one hundred and sixty pages of actual reading matter—
          stories of crime, mystery, and detection, that are absolutely the very best published.

COMPLETE STORIES - - Twice a month, 20 cents the copy - - Subscription Price, $4.00

           Every story in every issue is complete. A full-length novel and eight to ten short
           stories of the wide open spaces.

DETECTIVE STORT MAGAZINE - Weekly, 15 cents the copy - Subscription Price, 16.00

           Stirring tales of the most baffling crimes. The excitement of the chase, mystery,
           romance, and adventure crowd its pages.

EXCITEMENT .... Monthly, 20 cents the copy .... Subscription Price, $2.00

           Not a dull line In this magazine. It teems with excitement. Stories of high adven-
           ture, unequaled for action and speed.

FAR WEST STORIES ... Monthly, 20 cents the copy ... Subscription Price, $2.00

           The fiction in this magazine is written by authors who have established enviable
           reputations as writers of clean, vtvld, Western stories.

HIGH SPOT MAGAZINE - - Monthly, 20 cents the copy • - Subscription Price, $2.00

           Stories that hit only the high spots. Adventure of the swiftest kind—air, sea, West,
           mystery, wherever men do and dare.

LOVE STORT MAGAZINE - - Weekly, IS cents the copy . - Subscription Price, $6.00

           Clean sentiment, enthralling mystery, dramatic and thrilling adventure, make It a
           magazine which appeals to every one who enjoys a real good love story.

PICTURE PLAT .... Monthly, 25 cents the copy .... Subscription Price, $2.50

            Splendidly Illustrated, stands for the very best in motion pictures.

POPULAR MAGAZINE - Twice a month, 20 cents the copy - - Subscription Price, $4.00

           Clean, wholesome fiction, vigorously written by America’s best writers of adventure,
           business, and the great outdoors.

REAL LOVE MAGAZINE - Twice a month, 20 cents the copy - Subscription Price, $4.00

           A magazine of intense Interest to every female reader—really a. mirror in which
           people’s lives are reflected. Actual experiences.

SPORT STORT MAGAZINE . Twice a month, 15 cents the copy - Subscription Price, $3.00

           Published in the interest of all that Is keen, exciting, and wholesome in sport. It
           represents youth and stands for all those things that youth is interested in.

TOP-NOTCH MAGAZINE - Twice a month, 15 cents tbe copy - Subscription Price, $3.00

            In Top-Notch you will find the very thrills of life Itself—the kind of stories that depict
            men as they really are—stories with a punch.

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE - Weekly, 15 cents the copy - Subscription Price, $6.00

            Read this magazine and become acquainted with the West a* it really is, with its men,
            mountains, prairies, and herds of cattle.

WILD WEST WEEKLY - - Weekly, 15 cents the copy - - Subscription Price, $6X0

           Contains complete, rapid-action stories of the West in its wildest aspect. Galloping
           hoofbeats and roar of six-guns fill every page with fire and action.

Extra postage required on Canadian and foreign subscriptions.

STREET & SMITH PUBLICATIONS, INC.

79 Seventh Avenue, New York, N. Y.

DS-9C

j
When The White Wolf Turned Sheriff

    Tough hombres and bad citi-
zens felt uneasy and their hands
moved close to the butts of their
guns. But honest men were not
afraid.

    “Jim-twin” Allen—the “White
Wolf”—outlaw, tried his hand at
sheriffing when his brother, Jack
Allen, was laid up and unable to
attend to his duties. And the
White Wolf made a good job of
it—dealing out primitive justice
from the smoking muzzles of his
terrible six-guns.

    The White Wolf was known as a merciless killer, relentless in his purpose,
whenever he took the crimson trail of vengeance—but he was also a human,
pathetic character who secretly longed for peace.

    Jim-twin Allen, the White Wolf, rides on glorious trails of adventure in
these galloping romances,

The Outlaw Sheriff
White Wolf’s Law
White Wolf’s Pack

By HAL DUNNING

    These books are included in the famous Chelsea House New Copyrights—
a line of cloth-bound books—the equal in binding and make-up of many books
selling at $2.00. But the price is only

75 cents a volume

    Ask your dealer to show you these books and other titles in the Chelsea
House New Copyrights. If he does not carry them in stock, order direct
from the publishers.

CHELSEA HOUSE, Publishers :: 79 Seventh Avenue, New York City
Men, here’s the most remarkable money
maker of the age! A little automatic ma«
-mu* ♦*’*»' makes old-style can-openers eb-
soietb. Now just a twist of the wrist makes

the dollars hum for you. So mail the coupon
today for liberal FREF TEST OFFER.

Vo ^6 and $8 In Hour

  Just Offering This
*1,000,000 Can Opening Machine

 Ko more awkward stabbing and hack-
 _s with old-style can openers. No
 more danger of blood poisoning from
 gashed and lacerated fingers. For now
 a remarkable new invention banishes
 every old-style can opener to the scTap
 heap. Now a simple twist of the wrist
 opens any can in a cou-
 ple of seconds. No won-
 der they all simply go
 wild over it. No won-
 der salesmen have sold
 to every house in the
 block and have made up
 to $8 in an hour.

   WORKS LIKE A CHARM

   This queer little de-
 vice doesn’t just chop a
 ragged hole in the top
 of the can. It cuts the
 entire top completely
 out, not off, clean as a
 whistle. The machine
 takes hold of the can—
 opens it—flips up the lid so you can
 grab it—and gitfes it back without any
 sharp edges to snag your fingers. You
 just put the can in the machine—turn
 the handle—and almost instantly the
 job is done.

SELLS ITSELF IN SECONDS
Everyone knows how women detest

REVOLUTIONARY NEW
SHARPENER

  Works liko magic. Puts
a razor edge on any knife
or tool In a few seconds.
Anyone can use It. Sharp-
ens scissors, too. The
coupon brings full details.

             OPENS ANY

               CAN IN A JIFFY

                  You just slip the
 eah in the holder
 and turn tho han-
 dle. Nothing com-
 plicated, nothing
 to get out of or-
 der. Opens any
 can, square, round or oval, in a
 few seconds. And, men, IT S
 TRIPLE PATENTED, SO there is
 no competition.

 the dangerous old-style can opener. Im-
 agine then, how they welcome this
 startling new method—this automatic
 way of doing their most distasteful
 kitchen task. Men, honestly I’m not
 exaggerating one bit when I tell you
 that not ten words are necessary to sell
 many of them. All you do
 is hand your demon-
 strator to your prospect
 and let hor try it. She
 often sells herself in
 • seconds—and you pocket
 a nice, fat profit. Yes
 really, it’s just that sim-
 ple and easy. That’s
 why salesmen have made
 $75 to $150 a week.

ACT QUICK FOR FREE
TEST OFFER

                      I don't care whether you're
  an "old-timer'' or just break-
  ing in, some of the quickest,
  easiest money of your life is
  waiting for you now, right here. That's a
  mighty stsong statement. But all I ask Is a
  chance to prove It at my risk. I know this
  proposition will coin money for you
  with such speed that it will make your
  head swim. Territories are closing fast.

 The Free Test costs you nothing. Just
 mail me the coupon and I’ll shoot you
 the most sensational dollar making plan
 you ever heard of. Mail it today.

 Right now!

OH BOY I
HOW THE DOLLARS ROLL

IN 1 $208 IN 24 HOURS,

                 "Speedo prod-
  ucts do every-
  thing that li
  claimed for
  them. I went to
  a small railroad
  town and sold
  24 Speedo prod-
  ucts In apout 3 hours. In an-
  other instance I sold 30
  Spoedos on one street in I' i
  hours, in 24 hours of selling
  I have made exactly $208.”
  John Neighbors, O.

1,000 SALES IN 90 DAYS

    “I have now made 1,000
  Speedo sales in 90 days, which
  is pretty good to start. The
  other day I sold 2J Speedos
  in less than 5 hours. Anyone
  can work up a nice business
  with Speedo; my evnings are
  now almost $1,000.—R. W.
  Graffe, Ind.

 Central States Manufacturing Co.,
 Dept. G-2133, 4500 Mary Ave.,

  St. Louis, Mo.

  Rush me your Free Test offer.

CENTRAL STATES
MANUFACTURING CO.

Dept. G-2133
4S00 Mary Ave., St. Louis, Mo.

 Name

| Address ................................

Town ..................State ..........

 ( ) Check here if interested only in one
 for your own hnme.