FEATURING

The Starmen of Llyrdis

a novel of galactic adventure
By LEIGH BRACKETT

Earthmen No More

a Captain Future novelet
By EDMOND HAMILTON

A THRILIINC
PUBLICATION
Headed Foster

 Lena was free to love, free to hate, free
 to be burned to the core by the raw vio-
 lence of life. But did she have the right
 to make a prisoner of her soul—and to
 ruin other people’s lives?

 ANY BEST-SEUING REPRINT ON THIS PAGE ONLY 25c EACH

 A negro-haiing
 Southern town
 gets mixed-up
 in a reign of
 terror! Here’s
 lust... violence
 ... and a sur-
 prise ending!

\

SMOKE UPTHEVAUEY
by Monte Borrett

 Grady’s hunted as
 nnoutlaw-and falls
 in love! A real slice
 of life in the 70's—
 when the Texas
 frontier was really
 at its toughest!

THE FIFTH GRAVE
by

  Joholhan Latimer
  A weird reli-
  giouscultnames
  Penelope as the
  girl who must
  marry their
  dead leader!
  Docs she live to
  tell the tale?

    BOUND GIRL
    fcy Everett and
    Olgo Webber

 A loveless mar.
 riage was her
 only escape.
 But her heart
 yearned for ro-
 mance during
 those Gvil War
 years!

 _ SO ORDER YOUR BOOKS TODAYI —__— —

  Popular Library, Inc., Dept. TFG-3

  10 East 40th St., New York 16, N.Y.

  Please send me postpaid the Popular Library Books I have checked.
  I enclose 25c (in coin or in U. S. stamps of small denominations)
  per copy. (We pay postage for orders of 4 books or more. If order-
  ing less than 4 books, enclose 5c per book extra for postage.

 O IT'S A FREE COUNTRY O THE WINDS OF FEAR
     by Ben Ames Williams	by Hodding Carter

 □	THE FIFTH GRAVE	□ BOUND GIRL

 by Jonathan Latimer	by Everett and Olga Webber

 □ SMOKE UP THE VALLEY by Monto Barrett

 Additional Books, not shown:

□	THE DANCING DETECTIVE □ HER LIFE TO LIVE

by Wm. Irish        by Orlana Atkinson 
□ THE HAUNTED HILLS □ MAMIE BRANDON    
by B. M. Bower      by Jack Sheridan   
NAVfF                                  
AnnRFSS                                
CITY & ZONE_        ST/'T!7            
                                       

DEFENSE and what

1 If you »•°< **5tTiS£”4
1 ml” n°‘'>!cf£s^tralntoB can

 f0s-“^!b«s
 ^aed 11

     you v/istx.

it means
to you!

       ■*£«££
training And ,, " * ’1 ^ou have
training'at homeV^v g&t that
time from I. c. s	spare

 Any way you look at if, I.C.S. training
 will fit you for the demands of today,
 will help put you in a position of im-
 portance. So mail the coupon...today 1

INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

                                    APPROVED

BOX 3967-U, SCRANTON 9. PENNA.

   BlUiout cost or obligation, please Mad me full perticulert about (ha course BEFORE which I have marked X:
   Air Conditioning and	□ Structural Engineering

  Plumbing Counts	□ Surveying and Mapping

 D Air Conditioning	Communications Courses

  □	Wealing	D Plumbing O Electronics

   □	Refrisoratlon □ Steam Fitting □ Practical Telephony
   Chemical Courts.	Q Radio, General

                                    □ Radio Servicing

 Cl Cbomital Engineering
 -- y. Analytical

  □	Chemistry, Analytical	Q Telegraph Engineering
  O Chemistry, Industrial Electrical Courses

  □	Chemistry. Mlg. Iron & Steel	□ Electrical Draltins

  □	Petroleum Refining □ Plastics	O Electrical Engineering
  O Pulp and Paper Making	□ Electric Light and Power

  Civil Engineering, Archltec-	□ Lighting Technician
  turat and Mining Court

□	Industrial Metallurgy

□	Machine Shop □ Mecfi. Drattiog

                  □	Mechanical Engineering
                  O Mold-lolt Work

                  □	Palternmaking—Wood, Metal
 D Radio Operating □ Reading Shop Blueprints

      □ Television □ Sheet-Metal Draiting

 D Architecture

 □	Architectural Drafting

 □	Bridge and Building Foreoia

 □	Building Estimating
 D Civil Engineering

 □	Coal Mining

 □	Contracting end Building

 □	Highway Engineering

 □	lumber Dealer

 □	Reading Structural Blueprlftta

 □	Sanitary Engineering

 □	Structural Drilling

                                    □	Sheet-Metal Worku

□	Ship Draiting	□ Ship Fitting

                                    □	Tool Designing

                                    □	Toolmaking

                                    □	Welding—Gas and Electric
  ___________________ Railroad Courses

 D Practical Electrician	Q Air Brake	□ Car Inspector

 Intornal Combustion	□ Diesel Locomotive

 Enginas Courses	□ Locomotive Engineer

  D Auto Technicien	□ Aviatioo □ Locomotive Fireman

 □	Diesel-Electric	Cl Locomotive Machinist

  □	Diesel Engines O Gas Engines □ Railroad Section Foreman
  Mechanical Courses	□ Steam-Oiesel Loco. Enr.

  D Aeronautical Engineer's, Jr.	Stationary Eng'r'a Courses

  □	Aircraft Draiting □ Flight Engineer □ Boilermaking

  O Forging	□ Fouedry Work □ Combustion Engineering

  D Heat Treatment ol Metals	□ Engine Running

  □	Industrial Engineering	□ Marina Engineering

  □	Industrial Isstrumeotatioe	□ Power Plant Eng’r'g □ Steam Engr.

 Textile Courses

  □	Cotton Manufacturing

 □	Loom Firing □ Rayoa Wsarfog

  □	Textilo Designing

  □	Woolen Manufacturing
  Business and
  Academic Courses

 □	Accounting	O Advertising

  □	Bookkeeping

  □	Business Administration

 □	Bus. Correspondence D Bui. Low
 GJ Certified Public Accounting

 □	Commercial □ Commercial Art

  □	Cost Accounting

  □	Federal Tax □ First Year College

 □	Foreminship	□ French
 0 Good English □ High School

  □	Higher Mathematics □ Illustration

  □	Industrial Supervision

  □	Motor Traffic □ Postal Civil Service

  □	Retailing □ Retell Bus. Management
  B Salesmanship	□ Secretarial
  Q Sign Lettering

 D Spanlshl	□ Stenography

  □	Traffic Management

 City-

 -Working Hours-

 -A.M. to-

 -P.M.

Present Posllion —
Length of Service
In World Wer II _

                           -£mployed by-

  Earollmsot ueder G.I. Bill epproved lot World Wer II Veterans. Special tuition rates to members ol the Armed ForMS.
  Canadian residents send coupon to International Correspoodeoce Schools Canadian, Ltd., Montreal, Canada.
Vol. 23, No. 1	A THRILLING PUBLICATION	Morch, 1951

A Complete Novel
THE STARMEN OF LLYRDIS

BY LEIGH BRACKETT

Michael Trehearne sensed his difference from
other men, but didn't know he was a changeling
of the only race able to conquer the stars! 9

Two Complete Novelets
EARTHMEN NO MORE......................Edmond Hamilton 76

When Curt Newton and the Futuremen revived John Carey from his deep freeze,
he rcanted to go home—but where in space was home?

THE TWO SHADOWS.......................William F. Temple 106

A poet, a pragmatist and a girl—they were all that teas left of humanity after

Earth became a second Sun!

                 Short Stories
THEN FLY OUR GREETINGS..................Margaret St. Clair 95

Science discovers the secret of mutual repulsion

MEN OF THE TEN BOOKS.........................Jack Vance 122

The folk on the strange planet spoke the language of Earth

SHORT ORDER..............................Sam Merwin, Jr. 135

Enoch Jones had been everywhere—but was always in the same spot

Features

THE ETHER VIBRATES............................The Editor 6

A science fiction department featuring “Ethergrams” from our readers

CURRENT FAN PUBLICATIONS......................A Review 153

SCIENCE FICTION BOOKSHELF..................A Department 157

LOOKING AHEAD...........................Coming Features 161

STAIOTI4NG STORIES. Published every other month by Better Publications. Inc-. N. U Pinos. President, at 29 Worthinsion
St.. Sprlniffield 3. Mass. Editorial and executive offices. 10 East '10th St.. Now York 16. N. V. Entered as socond-class matter
Juno 13. 1048. at tlic post "dice at Sprin«fleid, Mass.. under the net of Marrii 3. 1K79. Copyright. 1051. by Better Publications.
Inc. Subscription (12 Issues). *3.00: slnEle copies. $.25; foreisn and Canadian postage extra. In cocnwMBdlnr WUh Oils
magazine please include postal zone number. If any. Manuscripts will be returned unleu accompanied by lelr-ajJBrwaod,
stamped onvclopes and aro submitted at tho author's risk. Names of all characters used in stories and senu-ilction articles are
fictitious. If tho name of any Using person or existing Institution Is used. It is a coincidence. PBINTED IN THE U.S.A.
I WILL TRAIN YOU AT HOME FOR

GOOD PAY-SUCCESS
A BRIGHT FUTURE

in America's Fast Growing Industry

 Do you wnnt a good pay lob. a bright PRACTICAL EXPERIENCE expert g

 future and security 7 Or your own	mcnting with circuits common to Radio,
 profitable shop! Get into tho fast and Tolevision. Many students m

 growing, ptfspcrous RADIO-TELE-	J5, J10 a week extra fixing Radio!

 VISION Industry! Radio alone is big-	spare time Special Booklets st

 gcr than ever! £1 million radios, 2,700	teaching you the day you enroll.

1. K. SMITH. *™tldonl
National Ratio.....

Broadcasting Stations, expanding Avi-
e Re!:

atioh, Police Radio.* Micro-wave Relay,

TRAINED

dio toititato	two-way Radio arc making op^ortuni.-
T|ir>c UCU tics for Servicing-and Commumtations
111 tot “til Technicians and FCC-Licensed Opera-
Radio tors. Then add Television, TODAY'S

                               Send Now for 2 Books
                               FREE—Mail Coupon

                                   Send for my FREE DOUBLE OFFER.
                                   Get actual Servicing lesson. Also
                                   get my 64-page book, "How to Bo a
                                   Success in Radio-Television." Read,1

 to predicted by authorities.	L...r*i:._S”- ™ ^ ^

                                                                 National Kadio
                                                                 Institute, Wash-
                                                                 ington 9, D. C.
                                                                 OUR 37TH

*Am ^oifir. Radio

Mfkio* lull iimt. 1 good job maker. In 1949, almost

              Am maVtar
mow money tf»*n I *v*r m»dc
bcf&r*. I owe my ntr*** l»

—CURTIS STATH

  F.n «.diS». lo...	Many Soon Make $10 Extra

ffiS.Titgo1 S a Week in Spare Time

                'ni'or *PYh'» o Keep your iob while training at home:
          Siti	Hundred!! I've trained aro successful

  r.Futtr®Sh&»TN.iu: RADIO-TELEVISION TECHNI-
  VrEiij- CLANS. Learn Radio-Television prin-
  fiples from Ulustrhted lessons. Gel

 TfceABC.ofl
 SERVICING j

YEAR

VETERANS

 HC/XRy/

  TO OET Thir -VALUABLE TRAINING UBQE4 3. I. SILL.
  TIME IS "UHNIKfl OUT. MAIL COUPON HOW!

jPr6BeV

riTBSW

Good for Both - 7RE£

 ! MR. 3. E. SMITH, President, Dept. ICQ I
 National Radio Institute, Washington 9, 0. C. ■

  Mail me Sample Lesson and 64-page Book about I
  . How to Win Success in Radio-Television. Both FREE. |
  (No Salesman will call. Please write plainly.)

Name___

Address..

 -Age..

City............................—_—......Zone-------State.....................

 □ Check if Veteran	Approved Under C. I. Bill ^
maTE think it high time that we teed off
ww on the almost omnipresent theory
of “survival of the fittest.” Ever since the
publication, approximately a century ago,
of the late Charles Darwin’s Origin of
Species this phrase, and the supposedly
pragmatic idea behind it, have persistently
infiltrated Western thought and writing.

  By the very nature of subjects frequent-
ly dealt with—alien invasion, conquest,
colonization and social intercourse among
denizens of other star systems and dimen-
sions—it occurs in science fiction probably
more often than in other fields of what is
sometimes laughingly termed literature. In-
creasingly, of recent months and years, the
goal of survival for its own sake is being
employed as justifiable motivation for the
behavior of heroes and villains alike.

Darwin Gets the Blame

  And Darwin gets the blame—although
actually neither the phrase nor the thought
were his. You will no more find either in
any of his writings than you will find
“Heaven helps those that help themselves”
in the Bible—another wide-spread miscon-
ception.

  Who uttered the latter phrase we do not
know—but guilt for the “survival of the
fittest” can be laid squarely upon the head-
stone of Herbert Spencer, the man who
sought to tailor through rationalization
Darwin’s theories to fit the ruthless in-
dividualism of the nineteenth century in-
dustrial revolution. Unfortunately Spencer
succeeded so well that we now associate the
words with Darwin.

  Actually Darwin was a scientist, a man
who assembled enormous amounts of data
and from such facts made certain inferences
logically unassailable. He did not attempt
to fit the ages-long evolutionary process
he recorded into the day-to-day existence
of his contemporaries. In fact his latter-
day conclusion was quite the reverse of

Spencer’s—that survival seems more likely
to go to those species that practised co-
operation than those who make competition
the keynote of their culture.

  It does not take any vast intellectual
insight to discover that the thought be-
hind “survival of the fittest” has virtually
no relation to fact. Biology and paleon-
tology are awash with examples that dis-
prove it.

Take the Dodo

  For one there is the saber-tooth tiger,
largest and most efficient of all cats, a
species whose powers of adjustment and
survival are provable in living room and
alley as well as in the jungle. The saber-
tooth, for reasons still relatively obscure,
disappeared save for museum reconstruc-
tions millions of years ago.

  On the other hand there is the dodo—
probably the most helpless and useless
creature, except when browned nicely on
a spit, ever to turn up on the biological
records. It couldn’t run, it couldn’t fight,
it couldn’t fly. It couldn’t even sing for its
supper. Yet it managed to survive in its
antipodean habitat until it fell prey to the
emp.ty dinner pails of numerous hungry
mariners—within the memory of living
man.

  For further example take the bald eagle
—our symbolic national bird. Certainly this
super-hawk, tireless in the air, keen of
vision and magnificently equipped with
beak and talons, ought to be a survival
standout. Yet it is in great and immediate
danger of vanishing from the scene for-
ever. On the other hand the chihuahua, and
the pekinese survive and thrive.

  No, the factors that govern survival of
species and therefore of the individual are
not only complex but have a way of eradicat-
ing the strong with the weak. In fact at
times these factors seem to delight in
(Continued on Page 139)
A SECRET METHOD
THE MASTERY OF

THAT HAS

ENDURED WITH THE
PYRAMIDS

FOR
LIFE

WHENCE came the knowledge that built the Pyra*
mids and the mighty Temples of the Pharaohs? Civi-
lization began in the Nile Valley centuries ago.
Where did its first builders acquire their astounding wisdom
that started man on his upward climb? Beginning with
naught they overcame nature's forces and gave the world its
first sciences and arts. Did their knowledge come from a race
now submerged beneath the sea, or were they touched with
Infinite inspiration? From what concealed source came the
wisdom that produced such characters as Amenhotep IV,
Leonardo da Vinci, Isaac Newton, and a host of others?
Today it is \noiun that they discovered and learned to inter-
pret certain Secret Methods for the development of their
inner power of mind. They learned to command the inner
forces within their own beings, and to master life. This secret
art of living has been preserved and handed down throughout
the ages. Today it is extended to those who dare to use its
profound principles to meet and solve the problems of life iii
these complex times.

This Sealed Book—FREE

Has life brought you that personal satisfaction, the sense of achieve-
ment and happiness that you desire? If not, it is your duty to your-
self to learn about this rational method of applying natural laws for
the mastery of life. To the thoughtful person it is obvious that every-
one cannot be entrusted with an intimate knowledge of the mysteries
of life, for everyone is not capable of properly using it. But if you
are one of those possessed of a true desire to forge ahead and wish
to make use of the subtle influences of life, the Rosicrucians (not a
religious organization) will send you A Sealed Book of explanation
without obligation. This Sealed Book tells how you, in the privacy of
your own home, without interference with your personal affairs or
manner of living, may receive these secret teachings. Not weird or
strange practices, but a rational application of the basic laws of life.
Use the coupon, ard obtain your complimentary copy.

The ROSICRUCIANS

SAN JOSE	(amorc)	CALIFORNIA

AMENHOTEP IV,
Pounder of Egypt'*
Mystery School*

                   Use this
                   coupon for
                   FREE
                   copy of boo\

SCRIBE X.T.B.

 The Rosicrucians (AMORC)

 San Jose, California

 Please send free copy of Scaled Boot
 which 1 shall read as directed.

NAME---------------------------------

ADDRESS_____________________________________

CITY___________________________________________
i-.,

AFTER TWO DAYS HUNTING IN THE
NORTH WOODS, IT LOOKS LIKE
STEVE AND BILL HAVE FOUND
THEIR BUCK, BUT THEN...

„ IT says: I’M £7 WONDER
f-BOBBY HOPKINS’XWHERE HE
PET DEER. PLEASE^ LIVES
JAKE ME HOME

 THIS IS A V WE’LL LIFT]/ WED BETTER. '
 MIRACLE/ HIM INTO 4 ®0 ALONG AND I
 BOBBY HAD \THE TRUCK ) SEE THAT HE
 GIVEN UP HOPE	DOESN’T JUMP*]

 OF FINDING JM -:-? :'^^S«s.OUT
    HIM

DEER WON T BE ^■r l'M SOLO.
^TMOVIN' MUCH TILL LATEW SUPPOSE WE
Hi1 AFTERNOON. WHY NOT H COULD CLEAN
KNOCK OFF AND HAVE M UPABIT,

A BITE WITH US? ^m^TOO?

 .rf!

  /MEN,TO ENJOY QUICKER, EASIER SHAVES.,

 AT A SAVING.. .TRY THIN GlLLETTES/jSf

 THESE ARE THE KEENEST, LONGEST-
 LASTING BLADES IN THE LOW-PRICE ^

 field, made to fit your Gillette

 RAZOR PRECISELY, THIN GILLETTES
     PROTECT YOU FROM NICKS AND
     IRRITATION. BUY THIN

IgIsss™

  NEW TEN-BLADE PACKA6E HAS COMPARTMENT FOR USED BLADES
  A Novel

by LEIGH BRACKETT

CHAPTER I
Shaim

Michael trehearne was to

remember that evening as the
end of the world, for him. The end of
his familiar life in a familiar Earth,
the first glimmering vision of the in-

Michael Trehearne sensed his difference from other men, but he little
knew he was a changeling of the only race able to conquer the starsl
credible. It began with the man who
spoke to him on the heights behind St.
Malo by the light of the Midsummer
Fires.

  There was a great crowd of tourists
there, come to watch the old Breton fes-
tival of the sacred bonfire. Trehearne
was among them but not of them. He
stood alone—he was always alone. He
was thinking that the ritual being per-
formed in the wide space of stony turf
was just too quaint to be endured and
wondering why he had bothered with it,
when someone spoke to him with casual
intimacy.

  "In four days we shall be free of all
this, going home. A good thought, isn’t
it>? Two years is a long time.”

  Trehearne turned his head and looked
into a face so like his own that he was
startled.

  The resemblance was that of a strong
racial stamp rather than any blood kin-
ship. If two Mohawks had met in the
hills of Afghanistan they would have
recognized each other and it was the
same with Trehearne and the stranger.

  There was the same arrogant bone-
structure, the odd and striking beauty
of form and color that seemed to have
no root in any race of Earth, the long
yellow eyes, slightly tilted, flecked with
sparks of greenish fire. And there was
the same pride. In Trehearne it was a
lonely bitter thing. The stranger bore
his like a banner.

  During the moment in which Tre-
hearne stared amazed the stranger re-
marked, “I don?t remember seeing you
on the last ship. How long have you
been here?”

  “Since yesterday,” answered Tre-
hearne and knew as he formed the
words that they were not the ones ex-
pected of him. A wild throb of excite-

Trefieame saW toWy, "Shaim,
and sh« came to him, radiant

10
  “Your family—my family. Forgive
me if I seem impertinent but it’s impor-
tant to me. I’ve come a long way, from
America to Cornwall and now to Brit-
tany, trying to trace down my own line.”
He paused, looking again into that re-
markable face that watched him, darkly
handsome, darkly mocking in the fire-
light. “Will you tell me your name?”
“KerreF,” said the man slowly. “I beg
your pardon, Monsieur. The resemblance
is indeed striking. I mistook you for one
of my kin.”

  Trehearne was frowning. “Kerrel?”
he repeated and shook his head. “My
people were called Cahusac before they
went into Cornwall.”

  "There was doubtless a connection,”
said Kerrel easily. He pointed abruptly
to the open space beyond. “Look—they
begin the final ritual.”

  The great bonfire had burned low. The

ment ran through him. He said impul-
sively, “Look here, you’ve mistaken me
for someone else but I’m glad you did |*
In his eagerness he all but clutched the
man’s arm. “I must talk to you.”
Something in the stranger’s expres-
sion had altered. His eyes were now both
wary and startled. “Upon what sub-
ject?”

Monopoly o( ^jzeecl-

(~\NE of the major problems that currently face the writer of science fiction
'-'stories and may some day confrant qur scientists is the matter of exceeding
the speed of Itght. Many theories hane been suggested—perhaps all of them as
absurd as that early nineteenth'-century prognosticAtov who foresaw human in-
ability to survive in a railway carriage moving faster them thirty miles per hour.

 Miss Brackett, in her very fine nfivel, has a new suggestion as to now man
may travel faster than 18G/KI0 mUes per second. Such a monopoly as she con-
ceives is hardly an attractive idea—but t»* view if human history it is all too
manlike. And certainly the thought of star travel, th* here and now, is one of
the most exciting within the range of hrman imagination.—THE EDITOR.

11
12	STARTLING STORIES

peasants and the fisherfolk, some hun-
dreds of them, were gathered in a circle
around the windy glow of the flames. A
white-bearded old man began to pray
in the craggy Breton Gaelic.

TREHEARNE barely turned his
head. His mind was full of the
stranger and of all the things that had
oppressed and worried and driven him
since childhood, the nagging little mys-
teries about himself to which now, per-
haps, he would find the key.

  He glanced away only a second, fol-
lowing the gesture of Kerrel's arm. But
when he looked back, Kerrel was gone.

  Trehearne took half a dozen aimless
steps, searching for the man, but he had
melted away into the darkness and the
crowd. Trehearne stopped, feeling cold
and furious.

  His temper, long the bane of a rather
luckless existence, reared up and bared
its claws. He had always been childishly
sensitive to insults. If he could have got
his hands on the contemptuous Kerrel
he would have thrashed him. He turned
again to the festival, controlling him-
self as he had learned painfully to do,
realizing that he was being ridiculous.
But his face, so like that of the vanished
stranger, had the look of an angry
Apollyon.

  The Bretons had begun the proces-
sion around the waning fire. Short bur-
ly men in bright jackets and broad-
brimmed hats, sturdy women in aprons
and long skirts, their improbable
starched coifs fluttering with ribbons
and lace. Sabots clumped heavily on the
stony ground.

  They would march three times sun-
ward, circling the embers, and then
solemnly, each pick up a pebble and as
solemnly cast it into the coals. Then they
would scramble for the charred brands
and bear them home to be charms
against fever and lightning and the
murrain until the next Midsummer Eve.

  It struck Trehearne that most of
them, except the very old, looked pain-
fully self-conscious about it all. In a
thoroughly bad humor, Trehearne was
on the point of leaving. And then he

saw the girl.

  She was standing some ten feet away
from him in the forefront of the crowd,
which had shaped itself into a semi-
circle. She had wanted him to see her.
She was swinging a white handbag like
a lazy pendulum on a long strap and her
gaze was fixed on him. She was smiling.
Her smile was a challenge.

  In the reflection of the great bed of
glowing embers, Trehearne saw that she
was another of Kerrel’s breed—and his
own, whatever it might be. But it was
not that recognition that made his heart
leap up. It was herself.

  The red-gold Tight danced over her,
and perhaps it was only that faery glow
that made her seem more than a hand-
some girl in a white dress. Only a trick
of wind and starlight, perhaps, that
made Trehearne see in her a change-
ling, bright, beautiful, wicked and wise
—and no more human than Lilith.

  She had attracted not only his atten-
tion but that of the Bretons also. The
ritual circle was broken and they were
staring at her and muttering. Then the
old man who had prayed went toward
her. In his seamed weathered face, in
his eyes, was the spark of an ancient
hatred, the shadow of an ancient fear.

  The girl flung up her dark head and
laughed but Trehearne did not feel like
laughing.

  The old man cursed her.

  Trehearne knew not one word of Gael-
ic but he did not need a knowledge of
the tongue. Nor did he need to have ex-
plained the gesture of angry dismissal.
The Bretons, the old ones, had already
picked up their stones for the fire. In
another minute they would use them on
the girl.

  Trehearne strode across the front of
the crowd and caught her roughly by
the arm, pulling her away. She was still
laughing, still mocking as she shouted
something at the old man. The words
she spoke might have been Gaelic but
they had a different sound and they had
no kindness in them.

  The sightseers parted readily as Tre-
hearne thrust through them with the
girl. The voice of the old man followed
THE STARMEN OF LLYRDIS	13

them down the slope of the hill and the
curious tourists stared after them until
they were out of sight.

  Trehearne dropped her arm then and
demanded, “What was the matter with
them?”

“The peasant folk have long mem-
ories. They don’t understand what it is
they remember, only that evil things
once happened to them because of us.”
“What sort of evil things?”

  “Have there been any new ones since
the beginning?” Her voice held a dry
humor.

  They were far from the crowd now,
near the beach. A late moon was rising
but the walled island city bulked huge
and dark, a medieval shadow. The girl
was a white wraith, all astir with the
salt wind that tumbled her dark hair
and set her skirts to rippling. He
thought her eyes were sea-green but in
the moonlight he could not be sure.

  “Are you going to vanish like Ker-
rel?” he asked.

  She laughed. “Kerrel is a rude man.
I offered myself to make amends.”
“What do they call you ?”

  “Shairn.”

  “That doesn’t sound Breton.”
“Doesn’t it? My other name is un-
pronounceable and means of the Silver
Toxver”

HER eyes were very bright in the
moonlight. He thought that in
some secret way she was mocking him
but he did not care. He said, “Fll stick
to Shairn.”

  They went on down the path to the
beach and sat on the soft warm sand.
He told her his own name and she asked,
“You are American?”

  “Fourth generation.”

  “From Brittany to Cornwall to Amer-
ica,” she murmured musingly. “Oh, yes,
I heard all that you told Kerrel. The
years, the generations, the mingling
of other strains—and still the VardcTa
blood breeds i^rue!”

  He Repeated the word Vardda won-
dering!^.

  “Alt'" old tribal name. You’ve never
heard it.” She laughed with pure de-

light. “You’re incredible, Michael. No
wonder Kerrel made a mistake!”

  After a moment of silence, she asked,
“What sort of a man are you, Michael?
What do you do? How do you live?”

  He looked at her keenly. “Do you
really want to know? All right, I’ll tell
you. I’m a man who has never been satis-
fied. I’ve never had a woman or a job I
could stay with very long. I’m a flier by
trade but even that seems a dull and
rather childish business. And why? Be-
cause I’m too good for any of it.”

  He laughed, not without a certain cru-
el humor. “Don’t ask me in what way
I’m too good. I seem to be unusually
healthy but that’s important only to me.
My brain-power has never set the world
on fire. I have no tendency to genius.
Yet somehow I’ve always felt there’s
something lacking either in me or the
world.”

  Shairn nodded, absently smoothing a
patch of sand with her palm. Again he
was conscious of a queer wisdom in her
that did not fit her youth. She smiled, a
small thing full of secrets.

  ‘*And you thought that if you learned
the origin of your blood you would un-
derstand yourself?”

  “Perhaps. My father was a weedy
little man with red hair. He swore I
was none of his. I didn’t look like my
mother’s side either. Pve never looked
Kke anybody until I met you and Kerrel.
Oddness becomes very wearing, espe-
cially when you don’t know why you
should be odd.”

  He added, “The villagers in Cornwall
called me change&ng. I had the same
thought when I saw you.”

  “So we are of one race. Michael, could
you stay with me ?”

  “You’re not a woman, you're a witch.
I’ve never met a witeh before.”

  She laughed outright at that. “Non-
sense. Witch, changelnig—those are
wof<Js f®r fools and peasants.”

  “Who aie the Vardda, Shairn?”

  She shook her head. “I told you—it is
a tribal name. One that I want you to
forget.”

  She went on, “You said to Kerrel that
you had come to Brittany to trace down.
14	STARTLING STORIES

your family?”

  “Yes. I learned in Cornwall that they
came from a place called Keregnac.”

  He thought she started a little at that
name but she said nothing and he asked,
“Do. you know the town ?”

  “It is not a town,” she answered slow-
ly. “Only a tiny village, lying on the
edge of a great moor. Yes, I know
Keregnac.” She picked up a bit of drift-
wood and began to draw idle patterns
in the sand. “I don’t think you will learn
much there. The village is very old and
now almost dead.”

  He started to speak but she went on,
almost hurriedly, “Don’t go any farther
in your search, Michael. It will bring
you nothing but regret. I know the blood
you spring from. I am telling you the
truth.”

  She turned to him. “Go home. Go back
to America. Be content that you are
young and strong and, yes—very hand-
some, even if you do not resemble any-
one else! I have done an ill thing. I
should not have spoken to you tonight.
Kerrel w’as wise and his act was kind.
Now I ask you to forget me and all I
have said. I am leaving St. Malo in the
morning.”

  “No!" He caught her wrist and held
it. “Oh, no! You’ve started this. You
can’t run away from it now.”

  “But,” she said reasonably, “there’s
no way you can stop me.”

  “Then I’ll follow.” His grip softened,
shifted to the place where her strong
white neck curved so smoothly into a
perfect shoulder. “Please, Shairn. Let
me see you again. Let me come with you,
to your home.”

  She would not meet his eyes. She
smiled a little and said, “That would be
a very long journey indeed.”

  “Brittany is not so large.”

  “Have I said that I live in Brittany?”
She stood up suddenly. “I must gou
Michael. Be angry with me if you will
but believe in what I say—forget me,
forget Brittany, forget your family. Go
home and be content!” Her eyes were
full of tears.

  She left him then, going swiftly
across the moonlit beach, and he would

not run after her. He stood where he
was, upset and angered by her sudden
going.

  After a while he thought of the things
she had said and the thing that Kerrel
had said. “Have I said that I live in
Brittany?”

  Where was home to the Vardda?
Bent on the moonlit sand his moody
gaze was drawn to the patterns Shairn
had traced there. Amidst the aimless
rambling lines a word stood out in clear,
sharp letters—

 KEREGNAC.

         CHAPTER II
         The Vardda

A HIRED car and driver took him
for an exorbitant price to Kere-
gnac. On the first day they had roads and
made excellent time. On the second the
tiny Fiat labored in agony along rutted
cart tracks. The sea was far behind
them and the driver complained inces-
santly of the mad desires of Americans.
Why should anyone wish to go to Kere-
gnac, a place that even the Bretons had
forgotten ?

  Trehearne was in a savage mood.
Shairn’s cryptic warnings and her very
clear advice had only served to whip his
curiosity to fever pitch. The Devil him-
self could not have made him stop now
and he knew that the girl was a large
part of that determination.

  She had done something to him. She
had hit him where no one and nothing
had ever touched him before. And she
had done it deliberately. He was sure
of that. She might be a lot of things,
among them deceitful, heartless and
dangerous, but she was not feckless nor
lacking in intelligence.

  Then he remembered her tears and
began to wonder all over again.

  The driver lost his way among the
ruts and the stony hamlets. When he
begged directions the peasants regarded
Trehearne in dour silence and could not
 be compelled to answer. It was impossi-
 ble even to learn whether others had
 gone this way before them.

   Trehearne had forseen this possibil-
 ity. He had had enough such difficulties
 in Cornwall. He had got a map and di-
 rections in St. Malo and he forced the
 unhappy driver on by dead reckoning.
 It was night before they came wallow-
 ing into a muddy square half paved with
 ancient stones and saw the lights of half
 a dozen dwellings clustered around it.

   “Go there to the largest house,” said
 Trehearne. “Ask if this is Keregnac and
 tell the master we’ll pay well for lodg-
 ing.”

   The driver, himself in a thoroughly
 foul humor by now, did as he was bid
 and in a few moments Trehearne found
 himself in a three-room house of crum-
 bling stone, the walls blackened with

smoke and age. A meager fire burned
on the hearth and two home-made can-
dles furnished all the light.

  It was enough to show Trehearne’s
face.

  Oddly enough the squat hard-handed
peasant who was master of the house
showed neither fear nor hatred. Nor
was he surprised.

   A certain slyness crept into his sullen

"Do you have fo go voyaging,
Michael?" asked Shairn
16	STARTLING STORIES

expression but that was all.

  “You shall have the best bed, Mon-
sieur,” he said in vile French and point-
ed to a gigantic carved lit-clos. “I have
also one good horse. The others have
gone ahead into the landes. You will
wish to overtake them.”

  Trehearne tried to conceal his sud-
den excitement. “Monsieur Kerrel and
Mademoiselle Shairn?”

  The peasant shrugged. “You know
better than I what their names might be.
I am not a curious man. I enjoy good
health, and am content.”

  He called sharply in the Breton tongue
and a woman came to prepare food. She
had a heavy stupid face. She glanced
once, sidelong, at Trehearne and after
that was careful neither to look at nor
speak to him. As soon as the simple meal
was on the table she hid herself in the
adjoining room.

  The ancient crone who sat knitting
by the fire was not so cowed. As though
age placed her above necessity she kept
her bright little eyes fixed upon Tre-
hearne with a mixture of hostility and
interest.

  “What are you thinking, ma vielleV’
he asked her, smiling.

  She answered, in French that was al-
most unintelligible to him, “I am think-
ing, Monsieur, that Keregnac is greatly
honored by the Devil!”

  The man snarled at her in Gaelic, bid-
ding her be silent, but Trehearne shook
his head.

  “Don’t be afraid, grandmere. Why do
you say that?”

  “Every other year he sends his sons
and daughters to us. They eat our food,
borrow our horses and pay us well. Oh,
very well!” Her white coif bobbed. Tre-
hearne laughed.

  “And do I appear like the devil’s son ?”
  “You are the very breed.”

ON impulse he went to her and said,
“Once my family lived here. Their
name was Cahusac.”

  “Cahusac. Eh, eh, Keregnac has for-
gotten them, the Cahusacs! That was
long and long ago. They had an only
child, a daughter, who gave herself to

one of these handsome sons of the Evil
One and . . .” She looked at him wisely.
“But forgive me, my old tongue has not
yet learned caution.”

  Trehearne put silver in her lap and
thanked her and went outside. He
walked the few paces to the end of the
muddy street and looked out upon a
moor that stretched still and desolate
under the stars.

  Into the landes, the wastes, Shairn
had gone with Kerrel. Why, for what
purpose, he could not guess, any more
than he could guess the answers to all
the other riddles. He knew better than
to ask his host. He lighted a cigarette
and stood for a long time, staring out
across the empty heath, his eyes nar-
rowed and intense with thought.

  He had traced his family back to
Keregnac and he knew now the reason
for their leaving. But the secret of his
birthright lay still farther on.

  How much farther he did not dream.

  At dawn he paid off his driver and
his host, mounted the horse that was
ready for him and struck out into the
moor. He had no idea what direction he
should take. However, the moor could
not be endless in extent and if he
searched long enough he was almost
bound to find what he was looking for.
If Kerrel and Shairn and other “sons
and daughters of the Devil” came into
the landes, they must have shelter of
some kind.

  But all that day he rode across stony
soil, through gorse and bramble and
stunted trees, without seeing a cottage
or a solitary sheep or even a distant
smoke to mark a human habitation.
Only here and there a lonely tor stood
like a druid sentinel against a lowering
sky.

  It drew on to dusk. The wind blew
and it began to rain, a fine soaking driz-
zle that showed promise of going on all
night. And the heath stretched on all
sides of him, featureless, without com-
fort or hope.

  There was nothing to do but go on.
He let the horse find its own way, sitting
hunched in the saddle, wet and wolfishly
hungry and at odds with the world.
THE STARMEN OF LLYRDIS	17

  His mood grew blacker as the light
failed. The horse continued to plod on
through pitch darkness. The land rolled
a good bit and Trehearne knew from
the cant of the saddle when his mount
slid down into the hollow of a fold and
then scrambled out again up the other
sicle* slipping and stumbling in the mud
and wet gorse.

  From the crest of that low rise Tre-
hearne caught a glimmer of'light, ahead
and to the left.

  He said aloud, “There is a cotter’s
hut,” and would not allow himself to
hope for anything else. But he spurred
his horse on recklessly and his heart was
beating fast.

  It seemed hours before he reached
that light.

  He was close onto the place before he
could make out its size and shape in the
thick night. Then he reined in, com-
pletely puzzled. This was no cotter’s hut
nor was it a manor nor any normal sort
of dwelling. He saw a broken shaft of
stone that had once been a squat crenel-
lated tower and around its foot a ruin
of walls and fallen outbuildings. It was
obviously very old, probably the strong-
hold of some medieval robber, Trehearne
guessed.

  Yet part of it was inhabited. Yellow
lamplight poured from the window em-
brasures of the keep and there were
horses in the courtyard, sheltered under
prosaic canvas.

  He dismounted and let his weary ani-
mal join its fellows. Then, walking quiet-
ly over the sunken flags, he approached
the tower.

  He would have looked inside but the
embrasures were set several feet above
his head. Instead he stood for a time by
the door, listening. He carried a small
automatic-in his pocket and it felt good
under his hand. There was something
wrong about all this—very wrong in-
deed.

  The planks of the door were weath-
ered but he thought that they were new
in the last thirty years. He could hear
the sound of voices beyond, a number
of voices all raised in talk, talk punctu-
ated by bursts of laughter.

  As he listened there was a glassy
crash as though somgone had dropped
a bottle, then further laughter, in the
midst of which a man began to sing in
a deep, strong voice. The singer sounded
not particularly drunk but very happy.
The song and the words to it were both
strange to Trehearne. It was a rousing
refrain and other voices joined in, one
by one.

  Instead of reassuring him the jovial
uproar only made Trehearne’s nerves
creep more coldly down his back. He
was sure that when he opened the door
he would find Sfrairn and Keprel among
the company. What sort of folk were
they, indeed, to hold high wassail in a
ruined tower lost on this desolate moor?

  The shrill old voice whispered in his
memory—Every other year the Devil
sends his sons and daughters.

  He swore and laid his hand on the
great iron latch, swinging the door wide
open.

  The talking, the laughter and the
song all died into the silence of astonish-
ment. Trehearne stood still in the door-
way and those within remained as they
were, as though the opening of the door
had stiffened them into figures of wood.

MEN and women, a few less than a
score, gathered in an archaic ob-
long room of musty stone. Their clothing
and the-chairs on which they sat did not
belong in that room nor in any room
Trehearne had ever seen—but they be-
longed quite naturally to the people.
There was a long table laid with food
and furnished with bottles of unfamiliar
shapes.

  Most of the faces were handsome. A
few were plain and one was downright
ugly. But all of them bore the same
racial stamp—the indefinable dift’erent-
ness from the rest of humanity that
subtly marked Trehearne and Kerrel
and the girl.

  She was there. Shairn, wearing a
loose,,short tonic of some strange fabric
the color of flame, belted over soft dark
trousers. Her belt was jewelled, and her
sandal shoes had gulden bosses on the
straps. She held a purple goblet full of
18	STARTLING

spicy wine and her eyes were fixed on
his and even so he could not read them.

  She said without moving- or looking
away, “If you hurt him, Kerrel, I’ll kill
you.”

  Trehearne saw then that Kerrel was
taking from his belt a thing that looked
like a narrow flashlight with a thick
prism where the lens should be. He was
dressed like Shairn—they all were, men
and women both—except that his tunic
was iridescent silver, open to the belt
to show his muscular chest.

  Kerrel said, “He has a gun.”

  “He won’t use it.”

  “No,” said Trehearne slowly. “I won’t
use it.” His gaze had shifted from the
girl to Kerrel. He did not take his hand
; way from his pocket. Neither did Ker-
rel put away the prism tube.

  The ugly man stepped between them,
lie had a merry slightly drunken face.
From the tone of his voice Trehearne
knew that it was he who had begun the
singing.

  “Nobody’s going to use anything,” he
said and thrust down Kerrel’s arm.
“We’re all friends. We’re all happy.
We’re going home. No quarrels between
two Vardda now. Wait till you get to
Llyrdis and kill each other there.”

  He glanced slyly at Shairn and added,
“Still at it, eh? My, what fun we do
have with our pretty games!”

  “Oh, shut up, Edri!” she snapped.
“Michael, how did you find us?”

  “Yes, Michael,” said Kerrel mildly.
“Do tell us how.” His eyes were not
mild, nor the set of his mouth.

  Trehearne answered, “I went to Ker-
egnac on business of my own.” He would
have gone on but the ugly man called
Edri interrupted.

  “What’s all this about?” he demanded.
“Why shouldn’t a Vardda find his own ?”
He came and put his hand on Tre-
hearne’s shoulder. “I don’t know you,
my lad, but what the devil ? I can’t know
everyone. Sit down. Have a drink. Did
you miss your ship last time? We have
our full quota now but there’s always
room.”

He thrust a glass of the aromatic wine
into Trehearne’s hand. It went down

STORIES

like mellow fire and took some of the
chill out of his bones. Edri was still
talking but he had slipped now, quite
naturally, into that unknown tongue—
the language of the song, the language
Shairn had used when she mocked the
Bretons at the festival.

  There were others arounjJ Trehearne
now. They were full of laughter and ex-
citement, deluging him with questions
he could not understand. Someone took
his wet coat off him. His glass was re-
filled.

  Shairn came up behind him and put
her two hands on his shoulders. She
spoke to Edri and the others. Their
chatter slackened. They stared at Tre-
hearne in amazement. Suddenly Edri
flung back his head and roared.

  “I don’t believe it,” he said in Eng-
lish, and peered closely at Trehearne.
“You’re having a joke together.”

  Kerrel smiled. “What Shairn says is
quite true. Somewhere, far back, this
man had a Vardda ancestor. That’s his
only claim. He’s a remarkable atavism,
no more.”

  “Well,” said Edri. “Well!” Again he
peered at Trehearne, his ugly face puck-
ered comically. His eyes, however, were
remarkably cool and shrewd. “He looks
like a Vardda,” he said.

  Trehearne got up. There was a kind
of anger in him now. He looked at these
people who bore the name of Vardda.
He looked at their garments and their
furniture, and the taste of their alien
wine was strong in his mouth. A shiver
ran over him, almost of fear.

  He caught Shairn by the arms rough-
ly and said, “Who are you? Why are
you here in this place? And where
are you going?”

  Kerrel answered. “Didn’t she tell you?
No—I see that she didn’t quite dare do
that. Well, there’s no reason not to tell
you now.”

  He paused. And Trehearne felt a cold
foreboding at the hateful satisfaction
in Kerrel’s eyes. He knew that Kerrel
was going to say something that would
hit him hard. He suddenly didn’t want
to hear it.

  Kerrel said, “We Vardda aren’t of
THE STARMEN OF LLYRDIS	19

your Earth at all. We’re waiting here
for a ship and we’re going home to
Aldebaran—to the stars!”

CHAPTER III

The Ship from Outside

THE words thundered in Trehearne’s
ears but they had no meaning—not
at first. He let go of Shairn, who whis-
pered, “Do you understand now why I
told you to forget the Vardda?”

  Edri thrust him into the chair again.
“Sit down, old man. It’s a large mouth-
ful to swallow all at once. Here—wash
it down with this.”

  Trehearne took the wine and drank it.
Home to Aldebaran. Home to the
stars! Instinctively he appealed to Edri.
“It isn’t true,” he said. “It can’t be.”
“Why not?”

  Trehearne’s throat was strangely
tight. He stammered in his speech, find-
ing it difficult to breathe. “Star-flight?
An alien race coming and going on
Earth—and all this in secret, no one
knows of it?”

  Edri laughed. “Oh, billions of people
know about it, from Cygnus to Hercules.
We Vardda trade openly between the
star-worlds of the galaxy for we’ve an
unbreakable monopoly on interstellar
flight.”

  He poured Trehearne’s glass full
again. “Better let the idea trickle in
slowly with the wine.”

  Trehearne drank mechanically, but
the wine was tasteless now. He could
not take his eyes from Edri’s ugly sym-
pathetic face.

  “You mean you’ve conquered all those
stars and worlds?”

  Edri snorted. “That’s your Earth
war-obsession talking. War is not only
backward, it’s damned unprofitable. We
Vardda aren’t conquerors, we’re mer-
chant-adventurers.”

  He added patiently, “It’s this way—
there are hundreds of inhabited star-
worlds. They’re most of them civilized

and proudly independent. We Vardda
rule our own world but no other.

  “But we have something the other
star-worlds don’t have. We’ve got a mo-
nopoly on interstellar travel for certain
reasons. We Vardda and we alone can
travel and trade between the galaxy’s
worlds—the richest monopoly of all
time!”

  “But if you come and go like that,
why not openly to Earth?”

  Edri shrugged. “You can’t trade prof-
itably with worlds still in their war-
ridden phase. Such worlds we prefer to
visit secretly. Your Earth is one of
them.”

  Shairn broke in. “It’s true, Michael!
We keep Vardda agents here secretly
to gather from Earth whatever of value
its civilization produces. We’ve done
that for several centuries.”

  The blood hammered in Trehearne’s
temple. We are waiting for a ship. If
they brought those ships down in these
landes or in the Great American Desert
or in a hundred other of the waste places
of the globe, who would know or see
them, especially if they landed by night?

  And the Vardda themselves—the very
truth would protect them. You might
look at a man and speculate whether he
came from some distant exotic land but
you would never suspect him of having
come from another star.

  A woman began to giggle. “I’m
sorry,” she gasped. “But his face—it’s
so funny!”

  “And so would yours be,” flashed
Shairn. Her voice whispered swiftly in
Trehearne’s ear. “I’m sorry you came,
Michael. I truly am. But you’ve got to
hang on now.”

  He recoiled from the touch of her
fingers. His mind was rocking from the
terrible agoraphobia of a man of Earth
who had suddenly looked through an
opened window into the crash and roar
and glitter of all the galaxy’s stars.

  Woman not born of Earth, daughter
of the unimaginable deeps beyond the
world! Changeling, Lilith, star-
witch . . .

  Trehearne’s head reeled and the fa-
miliar Earth seemed to vanish behind a
20	STARTLING STORIES

fiery mist that dimmed his vision.

  Home to Aldebaran!

  He was aware of voices, remote and
far away. They were talking, in that
unknown language. Kerrel was speaking
violently to Edri, Shairn crying out, the
others joining in and arguing. Edri
drank and did not answer, his brows
drawn in a frown.

  Shairn’s clear voice overruled and
silenced the others. She talked swiftly,
her green eyes flashing with excitement.
The others seemed to agree to her pro-
posal. Kerrel protested angrily but was
drowned out. And Edri reluctantly nod-
ded to Shairn.

  “Michael, listen!” Shairn’s voice came
urgently through the haze. “Listen to
Edri!”

WITH a great effort Trehearne
drew himself back to reality. He
looked up dazedly into Edri’s ugly com-
passionate face. Edri said, “You’re go-
ing with us.”

  Trehearne stared at him without mov-
ing. He did not answer. He could not.
For the moment he was beyond words.
There was a sickness in him as though
the solid ground had dropped suddenly
from under him.

  Edri went on. He looked uncomfort-
able, almost guilty, like a man who hates
the thing he is forced to do.

  “I wish you hadn’t come,” he said.
“But you did and there’s no help for it.
I’m leader here and under orders. Earth
must have no knowledge of the Vardda.
You understand? I can’t leave you be-
hind.”

  Trehearne began to understand. He
looked at the faces of the Vardda watch-
ing him, doubtful and troubled. Only
Shairn’s face he could not see. He knew
they would use force if they had to.

  jHe spoke and his voice sounded
hoarse and strange in his ears.

  “I’m going with you?” he repeated as
though he needed to assure himself of
the sense of those words. “Going to
Aldebaran.”

  “I’m sorry,” Edri said. “It seems pre-
ferable to killing you in cold blood as
Kerrel wanted.” Abruptly he swore in

his own tongue. “Damn it, I didn’t ask
you to come here. I said I was sorry.
Here. Have a drink.”

 Trehearne sprang up. He struck
aside the cup that Edri held out to him.
His violence was born of fear—fear as
deep as the abysses between the stars.
He was no coward. But no man could
have a thing like this flung suddenly in
his face and not recoil from it in a kind
of horror.

  To Aldebaran . . . to the stars . . .

  It had a diirerent sound now.

  Shairn was beside him, her fingers
cutting into his wrist. “Michael, you
have to go. I fought for you. I’m count-
ing on you.” Her eyes were hard and
bright. They challenged him. She whis-
pered, “Don’t show them you’re afraid!”

 The man who stood by the door
opened it suddenly and went out, leav-
ing it wide. A curious silence fell on the
room. It had an electric quality, a thrill
that even Trehearne could feel through
the daze of shock that numbed him.
They waited and the time seemed end-
less. He was very cold.

  The man thrust his head back in and
shouted something, a high excited cry
that was echoed from every throat.

  “Michael, the ship is coming. Do you
hear me?” Shairn’s voice, edged, com-
manding, ruthless. He heard it.

  “Walk with your head up, Michael!
Don’t make them take you by force!”

  Trehearne’s face tightened. Some-
thing dark and cruel came into it. He
shook her hand off roughly. He turned
and Edri was there, holding out another
cup of wine. He smiled, an honest smile,
friendly, apologetic. Trehearne took the
cup.

  It was strange. He saw the others,
laughing, shouting, pouring toward the
door. He heard and felt. And yet he was
like a dead man. Everything was re-
mote, without reality, the flimsy stuff of
dreams.

  He drank the wine. He knew that he
had done so because he put down the
cup again and it was empty. He saw
Edri watching him and again surprised
in that ugly face a look of pity. Then
he was walking out with the others.
THE STARMEN OF LLYRDIS	21

 He stood beside them in the windy
darkness of the moor. It had ceased to
rain. There was a wide rift in the
clouds. The Vardda were looking up-
ward toward it. Trehearne looked also
and saw the huge bulk of a great ship
dropping silently down from the stars.

 Softly, soundless as a drift of the
night itself, the star-ship settled down
over the heath. There were no noisy
jets or clumsy bursts of flame to mark
its landing. Trehearne caught the faint
and subtle throbbing of motors different
from any he had heard before and some-
how that quiet song of power was more
frightening than thunder.

 He watched, alone in his strange
dream, alone among all the men of
Earth who dreamed, for they would
wake and he knew that he would not.

 The great sleek powerful stranger
came to rest on the moor, bringing with
it a dark breath of mystery from the
outer Suns. Its hull was scarred by the
atmosphere of unnamed worlds and its
ports had looked upon infinities where
the stars were swallowed up like clouds
of fireflies.

  Trehearne began to tremble, an inner
shuddering of the soul.

 The humming of the motors ceased.

CHAPTER IV

Ordeal in Space

THE Vardda began to run toward
the ship. And Trehearne was aware
that Shairn was pulling him toward it.

He saw that there were two men behind
him, holding little prism tubes.

  The ship was before him. He had to
go into it. He was afraid but fear would
do him no good. It was like bailing out.
You had to do it and you did it.

  He was angry too. But most of all he
was numb. Things had happened too
fast—too fast and too hugely.

  He found himself shaking off Shairn’s
grip for the second time. He heard him-
self sayipg, “I can walk quite well by
myself.” He was surprised at the tone of
his voice. It was sharp as a whiplash
and perfectly under control.

  A lock-door had opened high in the
looming flank of the monster. White
light blazed from it. A folding metal
stair came down and then men and
women descended to join the Vardda
waiting eagerly below. There were greet-
ings, talk, laughter. Those who had been
exiles on Earth for two years had much
to say to the newcomers who would re-
place them here.

  A cargo hatch was open lower down.
Vardda crewmen were setting up a con-
veyor belt with the swiftness of long
practice.

  Things were being brought to it from
the tower. What things, Trehearne
neither knew nor cared. Machinery clat-
tered softly.

  He had reached the foot of the ladder.

  He looked up. The vast alien bulk of
the ship was above him. It hung over
him like the end of the world and he
knew that it was just that. He thought
of where that ship was going to take
him, out into the darkness between the
stars, out to unknown worlds, a stran-
ger.	[Turn page]

RELIEVES • HEADACHE
•NEURALGIA
•NEURITIS PAIN /W

Here's Why...

Anacin® is like a doctor's pre-
scription. That is, Anacin con-
tains not one but a combina-
tion of medically proved

active ingredients. Anacin Is
specially compounded to give
FAST, LONG LASTING relief.
Don't wait; Buy Anacin today.
22	STARTLING STORIES

  He heard Edri talking to the new-
comers. They turned and stared at him,
startled. Edri asked them earnestly,
“What do you think? Is he Vardda or
isn’t he?”

  A man shook his head. “You’ll soon
find out.”

  A woman, looking soberly at Tre-
hearne, said, “It’s cruel to find out that
way. But there’s nothing else you can
do with him.”

 Shairn said quickly, "Come on,
Michael. Come aboard.”

 He wondered what the woman had
meant. He remembered the look of pity
in Edri’s eyes, the uncomfortable
troubled look of the others.

  The treads of the ladder rang hollow
under his feet.

  A bell inside the great ship began to
shrill, sharp and urgent. The freight-
belt was already going up. A leonine
young man clad in scarlet and black,
with the tabs of rank on his shoulders,
came running down and bawled a de-
mand that they hurry.

  Trehearne said, “Shairn, what did she
mean—It’s cruel to find out that way?”
"Nothing. I’ll explain later. Come
on.”

  There was a great emptiness inside
him. He was aware of the motions of
his body, of the sounds and smells and
colors, of the jostling of people behind
him on the ladder. And yet none of it
was really happening. It did not touch
him, it was not part of him.

  He trod upon a metal deck and passed
from the round lock-chamber into a
long transverse corridor faced in the
same dull metal. He saw the scars of
time and hard use upon it. Now and
again through a bulkhead door he caught
a glimpse of a cabin or orderly room.
Men lived and worked in them. They
had a disturbing look of reality.

  There was a lounge and there were
chairs bolted to the deck and he was
sitting in one of the chairs.

  The bells rang sharply.

  Shairn stooped over Trehearne and
whispered, "Kerrel is watching you. He
wants to see you break.”

  They were all watching him, all the

Vardda in the rows of chairs. Their talk
had faded away and they were looking
at Trehearne uncomfortably, almost
guiltily. It was as though something
were going to happen to him, something
that they didn’t want to see happen.
Edri’s ugly face was bleak and sad.

  Trehearne fixed his gaze on the one
unfriendly face, on Kerrel’s sullen eyes.
They gave him a focus, a definite point
of thought to cling to. He said over
again to himself, He wants to see me
break.

  The bells rang again.

  Swift, smooth and awesome as the
hand of God, acceleration pressed down
upon him. And this is it, he thought.

  Muttering an all-but-silent thunder
the ship rushed upward into the sky.
For the first time in history Earthborn
ears listened to the banshee scream of
atmosphere past a cleaving hull.

  The weight on Trehearne’s chest
seemed as heavy as all Earth but he sup-
ported it and breathed and did not black
out. His gaze did not waver from Ker-
rel’s.

  The wailing shriek rose to a crescendo
and died away.

  Earth was gone. They had stepped
away from it. Even its sky was behind
them. He was horribly afraid.

  He waited for the pressure to ease.
It did not. There was a change now in
the pitch of the mo tor-vibration. It
seemed to climb higher and higher in
a sort of demoniac frenzy.

  Shairn was bending forward, watch-
ing him. Her face was tense, without
color. All the Vardda were peering at
him now in a sort of climax of half-
fearful expectation. What was it that
they were afraid was going to happen
to him?

  The pressure grew and grew.

  He labored to breathe. Something
happened to his vision. The faces around
him began to waver and grow vague,
to recede slowly into a reddish twilight.

  And still the pressure grew.

  Fear became near-panic. Something
was happening to him—something un-
earthly and strange. He was a flier, a
test-pilot. He had known pressure be-
THE STARMEN OF LLYRDIS	23

fore. He had taken all the gravs a
power-diving plane could bear and he
had never come close to blacking out.
But this was different.

  Speed, he thought. Light-years of
speed—a long way between stars!

HE felt it in the fibers, the very
atoms of his being. The incredible
accelerations of interstellar speed were
tearing at the separate cells of his flesh,
riving them apart, rending the tissues
of physical existence.

  He knew that the Vardda still watched
him half-fearfully. This is what they
were afraid of. They’re used to it but
I’m not. I’m going to die.

  He thought he heard a voice saying,
“Fight, Michael! Fight!”

  “Shairn,” he muttered. The word
never got beyond his throat. Because a
girl in a white dress had beckoned to
him he was going to die in an alien ship
between the stars.

  Kerrel settled back. He began to
smile. With almost the last of his sight,
Trehearne saw that smile. Kerrel knew
that he was going to die. And he was
glad.

  Kerrel—Shairn—the Vardda—death.
Kerrel had known it all along. They all
had. That was why the others had looked
at him with that half-guilty troubled
pity. They had known that he would die.

  Fierce resentment blazed up in him
like a sudden fire.

  Shairn with her lying tears. She must
have known it would come to this when
she had drawn him to the tower. Yet
she had done it, coolly gambling with his
life.

  Rage shook him. Some buried part of
his mind broke free and fury spurred
it on. Why must he die? Why should he
not live? The Vardda lived and their
blood ran in him.

  Anger—anger such as he had never
known. He would not die under Kerrel’s
smiling eyes. He was filled suddenly
with a raging determination to survive.
He began to fight the pressure.

  He had nothing to fight with but will-
power. It seemed a frail thing to pit
against the unthinkable powers of veloc-

ities such as the men of Earth had never
dreamed possible. Reason told him that
but he was beyond reason. He fought
and it was a strange inner struggle
without sound or motion—a blind battle
to regain control of his own flesh.

  He fought against the unseen force
that sought to destroy the very cohesion
of his body cells. Anger flogged him on
and the instinctive will to live. He set
his muscles and forced himself to
breathe and his flagging heart stumbled,
steadied and began to beat more evenly.

  He did not understand then what
happened. He only knew that strength
came to him from somewhere, a strength
he had never known he possessed. It was
physical strength—not the sort that can
move great weights but a more subtle
kind, a tensile force that strung his body
taut against the terrible vibrations of
speed and fought them back.

  He did not understand, not then. But
he caught at that unguessed core of
strength within him and drew upon it
and it was simple, so simple, just a
matter of tensing the muscles in a cer-
tain way. Suddenly the ghastly sense of
his atoms falling apart was gone and
the battle he had thought impossible
was won. It was easy and he was strong
—strong as any Vardda!

  It was then that he came near black-
ing out from sheer reaction. And he
knew the victory had not been easy but
very hard. The opening of that buried
well of strength had left him paradoxi-
cally as weak as a newborn lamb.

  Some deep ancestral wisdom told him
that he had been newly born in a way
that was still beyond his knowledge. He
was a different man now. He would
never be the same again.

  He knew now that this was the im-
portant thing his body had been de-
signed for—this proud ability to race
between the stars.

  Shairn’s voice rang out. “He lives!
He lives! I told you he was true
Vardda!”

  Kerrel’s face had gone slack with
amazement. Trehearne, drunk suddenly
with a heady exultation, glanced at him
with fiercely mocking eyes. The other
24	STARTLING STORIES

Vardda had relaxed as though from a
sick taut apprehension. They grinned
approvingly at Trehearne.

  But Edri, mopping his damp brow,
said between his teeth, “By God, Shairn,
if your tricks had made me an execu-
tioner, if he’d died . .

  Kerrel interrupted furiously. “Per-
haps he’ll wish he had when we reach
Llyrdis! You know Vardda law!”
Trehearne heard and recognized the
menace in the angry threat but he paid
no attention.

  He said softly, “Shairn.”

  She came to him. She was radiant.
She was like nothing he had ever seen
before and he would never get her out
of his heart if he lived forever. He got
up and set his hands on her shoulders
and he asked her, “Shairn, what is
meant by true Vardda? How do they
differ from other men?”

  She laughed. “You have just proved
your birthright, Michael. Don’t you
know?”

  “That inner strength,” he said slowly.
“The ability to withstand interstellar
speeds ?” She nodded. She was still smil-
ing. He went on. “I want to understand
this, Shairn. Do the Vardda alone have
this ability?”

  Edri had arisen. He had the look of
a man who wishes to avoid an ugly
situation. He said uneasily, “There’s a
lot I want to show you, Trehearne. Come
on and I’ll explain about the Vardda on
the way.”

  “No.”

  Shairn said, “It’s quite simple,
Michael. Controlled hereditary muta-
tion, altering slightly the form and
structure of the body cells so that they
have enormous resistance to pressure
and vibration. The other races of the
galaxy are tied by their human weak-
ness to their own solar systems—only
the Vardda have the freedom of the
stars!”

  “Then,” said Trehearne, “if the mu-
tation had not bred true in me I would
have died.”

  Edri spoke again but Trehearne did
not hear him. He was smiling .at Shairn,
a peculiar smile. She began to draw

away from him but he held her and
asked, “Are you glad I lived, Shairn?”
“Of course I am! From the first min-
ute I saw you, Michael, I was sure you
were one of us.”

  “That was very clever of you. And
you were so sure you weren’t afraid
to gamble on it—with my life.”

  She said uncertainly, “Michael . . .”
His hands moved swiftly from her
shoulders. Her throat was warm and
strong. The veins beat hard against his
palms. He could not see her clearly, only
her great startled eyes.

  Edri snapped, “Sit down, Kerrel!” He
drew a small prism tube from his belt.
To Trehearne he said, “I don’t blame
you one damn bit. But I’m afraid you’ll
have to stop it all the same.”

  A pale beam sprang out from the
prism. It touched with exquisite care
against Trehearne’s temple. He sighed
once and fell.

        CHAPTER V
        To Aldebaran

Trehearne looked up from the
bunk where he lay and asked, “How
long have I slept?”

  “Nearly twenty-four hours by Earth
reckoning,” Edri answered. “You need-
ed it. The ship’s doctor gave you a shot
to make sure.”

  “I seem to remember,” Trehearne
said, "that you gave me a shot of some
kind yourself.”

  “No hard feelings?”

  Trehearne smiled briefly. “Under the
circumstances—no.” He sat up. They
were alone in a small neat cabin. Edri
was sprawled in a chair.

  He leaned over and offered Trehearne
a prosaic pack of American cigarettes.
“Smoke ?”

  Trehearne took one and lit it. He sat
for some time in silence, i*emembering.
He remembered most clearly Kerrel’s
angry threat. He asked, “What did Ker-
rel mean by Vardda law? What will they
THE STARMEN OF LLYRDIS	25

do with me when we reach LIyrdis?”
Edri looked worried. “I wish to
Heaven I knew.”

 “What can they do? I’m a Vardda.
I’ve proved it.”

 “Ye-es,” Edri agreed dubiously.
“Actually, you’re all Vardda, a complete
atavism. But legally—”

  He began again. “You see, the law
Kerrel referred to is a prohibition
against admitting non-Vardda strains
of any kind. Cross-breeding is forbidden
under penalty of death, is the one un-
breakable law. Keeping the Vardda
blood pure isn’t just pride, it’s an eco-
nomic necessity.”

  “Then that was true about the muta-
tion ?”

  Edri nodded. “It's the foundation up-
on which the Vardda monopoly is built.
No one else can fly at interstellar speeds
and live, so we are the only species of
Galactic Man, holding the stars in our
two hands.”

  “A star-flight monopoly of the galaxy,
built on a simple mutation in body-
cells!”

  “Yes,” said Edri. “Simple—but fun-
damental. Tissues having a certain cel-
lular structure possess a tensile strength
in their cell-walls that can withstand
incredible acceleration-pressure with-
out collapse. You’re lucky that the mu-
tation was a recessive that finally bred
true in you.”

 He paused, then added somberly,
“Some day I’ll tell you the story of
Orthis, who long ago found the secret
of the mutation. A grand proud story
it is—with a most shameful ending.”
He seemed to brood upon some
thought of his own, before continuing.
“So, Trehearne, though actually Vardda,
you’re legally not one. It will be up to
the Council. I have no influence there
but Shairn has some.”

  Trehearne said bitterly, “Much help
I’ll get from that damned witch who
was gambling with my life without tell-
ing me.”

  Edri grinned. “I don’t say you haven’t
reason for resentment. Still, don’t for-
get that if Shairn hadn’t proposed that
ordeal for you, Kerrel would have in-

sisted on killing you in cold blood.”

  He lifted the cover off a tray on a
small table by the bunk. “I brought you
some breakfast.”

  It occurred to Trehearne that he had
not eaten for two days. He got up, look-
ing for his clothes. They were gone but
others were laid across the foot of the
bunk—a tunic of dark green silk, dark
trousers, jewelled belt and sandals. He
examined them doubtfully.

  “Put them on,” said Edri. “You can’t
go about in those ridiculous tweeds.

  Trehearne dressed and sat down. The
food was unfamiliar but palatable. Syn-
thetic, he guessed. He wolfed it down.

  He tried not to think. He knew that
if he thought of Michael Trehearne,
bound out across the universe toward an
unknown fate, his mind would crack.
It could not accept that, not yet.

  Edri said, “If you’re finished, come
with me. I’ll show you something no-
body of your world has ever seen be-
fore.”

 Trehearne got up. He caught a
glimpse of himself in a reflecting sur-
face and was startled to see how changed
he was in the Vardda dress.

  They wer.t out into the long corridor.
Edri led the way forward. Now that
the ship was in free space and making
its unthinkable speed Trehearne could
feel the deep inner vibration of power
in it—a sort of humming drone that
seemed to challenge the whole universe
to make it stop.

  Trehearne shivered with the joy of a
man who has handled power and is
privileged to see the ultimate. He had
flown the fastest jets and they were
like children’s toys compared to this
mightiness.

  He cried, “What is the motive power ?
And the principle? And how can you go
faster than light? The limiting speed,
contraction, mass . .

EDRI laughed. “One at a timet And
such simple little questions too! It
took thousands of years to evolve a tech-
nology capable of answering them and
you want me to explain it all in a few
words. Well, a few words is all I know
26	STARTLING STORIES

about it. I'm a drinker by profession,
JK)t a scientist.

  “A really functional ship, whether it
plies water, air or space, must get its
motive power by reacting against the
element it travels in. And so, right now,
the big atomic-powered generators in
the stern are producing fifth-order rays
which react against the fabric of space
itself—and space, not wishing to be
torn apart, obligingly thrusts us for-
ward.

  “As to limiting speeds, long ago the
Vardda physicists believed absolutely
in them too—until they discovered fifth-
order rays. They found then, as your
scientists will find, that the theoretical
absolutes you set up from limited knowl-
edge will prove illusory when your
knowledge expands. I could explain all
that to you if I knew continuum-me-
chanics better than I do!”

  They had reached the forward end of
the corridor. There was a narrow cir-
cular stairway leading upward. Edri
motioned Trehearne to precede him.

  He did so and emerged into a round
observation dome of immensely heavy
quartzite. Through it there was nothing
to be seen but utter darkness, streaked
with creeping lines of light.

  “Those are stars,” said Edri. “Or
rather the radiation patterns of stars.
At our present velocity we are overtak-
ing the lines of luminous energy they
have left behind them. Star-tracks, we
call them.”

  He closed a switch, and the thick
quartzite became suffused with a pallid,
milky glow. Edri consulted a master-
dial, and made adjustments.

  “Watch the dome,” he said. “It’s tri-
ple thickness, of a special molecular
composition, each plane laid at a differ-
ent oblique angle. I’ve switched high-
frequency electronic current into hair-
line grids between the three planes and
all sorts of interesting and complicated
things are happening in the molecular
structure of the quartzite.”

  Trehearne watched. His heart was
beating hard.

  “Behold,” said Edri, "the light-im-
pulses of the star-tracks are caught,

stepped up, wrenched about and finally
held on the inner lens.”

  Trehearne beheld and, beholding, for-
got Edri and the ship and himself. He
forgot almost to breathe.

  Edri’s voice came to him softly. “You
may see this often, Trehearne—but
never again for the first time.”
Trehearne looked into the dark and
splendid loneliness of space. The ship
seemed to fall away beneath him, leav-
ing him suspended in the plunging gulfs
of infinity.

  Through the magic of that quartzite
dome he watched the great suns march
in flame and thunder on their way, some
solitary hunters, others joined together
in companies of stars. He saw their cos-
mic pageant of life and death—the
young suns, blazing with a blue-white
strength, the golden suns, the old red
suns, the dead suns, dark with funeral
ash.

  He glimpsed the far-off island uni-
verses, the coiling fires of the nebulae,
the wondrous terrifying nations of the
Milky Way streaming along the rim of
creation. And as he looked all thought
and feeling went from him, leaving him
naked and dumb with awe.

  Some of the stars he recognized—
Algol, beating like a bloody heart of fire,
the splintered glory of Sirius. To hie
left Orion strode gigantic across infin-
ity, girded with suns. Dead ahead, tip-
ping the far-flung Hyades, Aldebaran
burned in sullen splendor.

  How long Trehearne stood there won-
dering he had no idea. He was lost, a
man gone astray in a titan’s dream.
Edri was forced at last to drag him
bodily away and even then he hardly
knew where he was going or why.

  He found himself in the corridor out-
side the lounge. From within came the
sound of Shairn’s voice raised in laugh-
ter and the easy murmur of talk.

  Edri stopped. He said quietly, “You’ll
be spending much of your time with the
others and the sooner they get used to
you, the better. I want no trouble over
Shairn. Is that understood ?”

  Trehearne smiled. IBs head was ring-
ing with stars, hi& vision dazzled by the
THE STARMEN OF LLYRDIS	27

blaze of nebulae. Shairn had ceased to
matter very much. He said so and Edri
gave him a wry glance.

  “The longer you feel that way, the
longer you’ll stay out of trouble.” He
paused and added, “Perhaps you ought
to know why Shairn was among us ob-
servers on Earth. She went with Kerrel.
He’s mad over her and talked her into
it—though she soon was bored with
him and with Earth too.”

  “I think I understand why you’re tell-
ing me, Edri,” said Trehearne, nodding.
"Thanks.”

  He went on into the lounge. Shairn
was curled in a chair beside Kerrel, a
wine-glass in her hand. She looked up
as Trehearne came in, her eyes chal-
lenging and half amused. Kerrel’s dark
face tightened and suddenly evex-yone
had stopped talking.

  Trehearne followed Edri past them
without turning his head. He was per-
fectly sincere in his indifference, too full
of that outer immensity to care what a
woman thought or did. He sat down,
only vaguely aware of the curious
glances with which the Vardda watched.

  Shairn lifted her glass mockingly to
Edri. “A good beginning for a happy
voyage!”

  Trehearne did not look up at her. He
sat still, thinking his own far thoughts.
Someone laughed and Shairn’s green
eyes flashed angrily.

  But neither her anger nor her mock-
ery could distract Trehearne from the
wonder that had caught him, from the
wild thrill of this plunge into infinity.
And in the time that followed, its grip
upon him strengthened.

AT first there were periods when he
felt that he was dreaming, that the
ship and all within it would disappear
and he would waken. But as his mind
readjusted itself, shaking free from the
narrow horizons of Earth, ancestral
pride and ancestral longing began to
stir. All the ill-fitting craggy corners of
his personality, that had jarred so
harshly against the world he knew, fell
into place perfectly now.

 He was of one blood with these

Vardda. He knew it as he came to know
them better. They had the same full-
blooded joy in living hard, the same
storming recklessness and delight in
danger, that he knew was in himself.
They were Galactic Man—the men who
alone voyaged the interstellar gulfs,
who alone strode between the stars.

  The power, the magnificence of this
voyaging between the suns! No wonder
the little ships and little skies of Earth
had seemed so futile. This was his heri-
tage, the freedom of the stars, the long,
long endless roads of outer space, the
swift ships plying between the island
continents of suns, the windless, time-
less, boundless gulf that washed the
shores of a galaxy.

  Trehearne stood for hours in the
observation dome. He haunted the
bridge, watching the intricate controls,
the staggering complexities of astroga-
tion. In the generator rooms he learned
by heart the pulse of the ship, listening
to the silence of free flight after acceler-
ation was complete. He learned much
and yet it was nothing and he was mad
for learning, mad to hold under his own
hands one of these proud giants of the
stars.

  And the Vardda saw and understood
his hunger and warmed to him. They
accepted him, these gusty eager folk
whose pride was as great as their cos-
mic horizons. He learned the Vardda
tongue from Edri and his head spun to
the tales he heard then from these mar-
iners of the galaxy, of peril in far-off
clusters of suns, of lonely dead stars
booming forever dark through darkness
with their frozen worlds, of tricky
routes through nebulae, of all the thrill
and danger that was life to them.

  Within Trehearne there grew an iron
determination not to be robbed of hi*
newfound birthright. The threat of that
hung over him like a black cloud. Hav-
ing found them, to be barred now from
the Vardda ships, the Vardda life, would
be worse than dying.

  With that determination in mind he
began to question Edri about Vardda
law.

  “Final decision on your case will lie
28	STARTLING STORIES

with the Council,” Edri told him. “And
they’ll be dead against admitting you to
Vardda status.”

  “But damn it, I’m one of you!” Tre-
hearne said. “They can’t deny that after
the ordeal I passed. And why should one
more Vardda make a difference?”

  Edri shook his head. “To recognize
an Earthborn man as a Vardda? No—it
might inspire vain hopes in all the
peoples of the Galaxy who are bitterly
envious of our monopoly.”

  That was something Trehearne hadn’t
thought of. He thought of it, now. “I
suppose the non-Vardda do envy your
power of interstellar flight.”

  “Would you like to be prisoned in
your own solar system and have stran-
gers carrying on all your commerce with
other stars?” Edri countered.

HE added, “And there’s more to it
than the economic problem. You’re
mad over this star-voyaging, Trehearne.
I've watched you. Well, do you think
other men can’t feel the same way? Do
you think the young men of all those
star-worlds like to see the Vardda star-
ships come and go and know that they
can never take that road?”

  “I can see how they feel,” Trehearne
said. “A wonder they haven’t found a
way to force the Vardda to share the
secret of the mutation.”

  “That secret was lost with Orthis.
We haven’t it to give if we wanted to,”
Edri said gloomily. Then he added, “But
I’d better shut up, or I’ll be accused of
Orthist talk myself.”

  “Orthist?” said Trehearne, and Edri
explained.

  “Long ago, when Orthis discovered
the mutation, he dreamed of giving it
to every race. He couldn’t see that that
would only lead to interstellar rivalries
and conflicts. A few Vardda still think
the way he did and so are called
Orthists.”

  “gut if the mutation secret is lost
how can they hope to change things
now ?”

  Edri shrugged. “There are still fools
who dream of finding the secret again.
They claim that Orthis’ lost laboratory

ship, which holds it, might still be found.
It’s only a useless dream but it makes
trouble. And with all that in mind you
can see your problem with the Council.”
“Altogether,” said Trehearne, “it
looks like a grim prospect for me.”

  He got up.

  “You might as well know,” said Edri.
“It won’t be easy.”

  Trehearne went out. He climbed the
stair to the observation dome, manipu-
lated the controls and stood there, gaz-
ing at the red flare of Aldebaran, lost in
brooding thought.

  After a time a hand touched his and
he turned his head, slowly, for his mind
was far away, thinking it was Edri. He
saw instead the face of Shairn.

  She smiled. “Do you still hate me,
Michael?”

  The light of the outer suns caught in
her eyes, filling them with radiance.
Trehearne looked at her, standing slim
and tall against infinity, a luminous
creature crowned with stars, and he
thought again that she was no woman
as he knew women.

  He said slowly, “I don’t know.” He
thought of how she had tricked and led
him, how she had gambled so lightly
with his life. “Why did you do it,
Shairn?”

  “I think,” she said, “because I love
you or because I could love you.”

  “Or perhaps because you were only
curious?”

  “Perhaps.” She took his hands and
laid them on her white throat, holding
them there, pressing them in against
the beating veins. “You started this
once, Michael. Will you finish it now?”
Her lips were curved and laughing.
She was sure of herself, sure of him.
Trehearne’s eyes narrowed. They were
suddenly hot and the starlight flickered
in them.

  “I ought to,” he whispered. “I ought
to . . He called her a short cruel
name and caught her arm as it rose to
strike him and then her mouth was
under his.

  Dead ahead, Aldebaran watched them
from out of the darkness of space, the
eye of a basilisk, baleful and bright.
THE STARMEN OF LLYRDIS	29

CHAPTER VI

Judgment on Llyrdis

THE long arc of deceleration was
completed. The great starship was
cruising now at planetary speed. Aldeb-
aran had grown from a remote point of
fire to a giant sun, terrifyingly near at
hand. The small companion was visible
only as a faint disc above the upper
limb, its bluish light drowned out in the
flooding ruddy blaze of the larger star.

  The Vardda had crowded up into the
observation dome, eager for the first
glimpse of home after two long years on
Earth. A heavy shield now covered the
dome to sunward and in its shadow the
returning exiles pressed and chattered.

  Trehearne stood among them, listen-
ing to their excitement and feeling at a
loss in it. Their talk was suddenly the
talk of strangers, full of names and
references that were meaningless to
him, strident with a joy he could not
share.

  They were coming home but he was
homeless—and before him loomed the
imagined faces of the Vardda Council,
passing judgment.

  Shairn tugged at his sleeve. “There!”
she cried. “There it is, Michael. Llyr-
dis !”

  He followed her pointing hand, squint-
ing against the tawny glare of space,
and saw a golden planet wheeling toward
them, bright and beautiful, with a trio
of circling moons.

  He became as excited as the Vardda.
He forgot to worry. He could only think
that presently he was going to tread the
soil of a strange world, warmed by an
alien sun, tasting the winds that blew
from unknown seas. Tensely now, quiv-
ering with eagerness, he watched with
the others. And Llyrdis grew.

  It seemed about the size of Earth. As
the ship swept in upon it Trehearne
could make out misty continents and the
shadow-forms of oceans, wrapped in a
cloud-shot atmosphere that burned red-

gold in Aldebaran’s light.

  The ship plunged into it as into a bath
of fire. Down, rushing down with a long
triumphant scream, and in the lower air
the clouds rolled and whipped in golden
fury where the dark hull clove them.

  They swept low over an ocean the
color of hammered brass and at length
Trehearne saw ahead a low shore and
beyond it a rolling verdant plain, girdled
with tall mountains, and on that plain
the gleaming vastness of a city.

  Still dropping, but slowly now in a
soundless glide, the ship bore southward
of those lifting towers. Here for miles
the great docks ran, cradling the giants
of the stars. They were close enough
for Trehearne to glimpse the ceaseless
swarming magnificently-ordered chaos
of men and machines in this central
focus of a commercial empire that em-
braced a galaxy. The sheer size of it was
stunning.

  Edri’s voice spoke quietly beside
them. “I’ve just come from Communi-
cations. We’ve been ordered to land in
the government dock and you and I are
to present ourselves immediately to the
Coordinator of the Port.”

  “Old Joris,” said Shairn. “You’re in
for a bad quarter of an hour, Edri. I'll
come with you, of course.”

  “We’ll both come.” That was Kerrel.
He laid his hand with a light posses-
siveness on Shairn’s arm ana smiled
over her head at Trehearne. Trehearne
shrugged. It crossed his mind that some
day, if he were lucky, he would kill
Kerrel for nothing more than his way
of smiling.

  The warning bells rang. Trehearne
went below with the others to await the
landing. But his mouth was set and the
keen edge of wonder was all gone.

  Smoothly, softly, the great keel
touched down, home again from the
edges of the universe.

  Trehearne rose. There was much
hearty slapping of his shoulders, many
assurances and offers of help. He knew
they were sincere. He bade them all
farewell with a jaunty carelessness that
was not sincere in the least and stepped
out onto the apron of adamantine con-
30	STARTLING STORIES

crete that edged the dock.

  To his right, some distance away, was
a huge white building. Edri nodded and
Trehearne began to walk toward it.
Shairn and Kerrel were behind him.

  The roar and clang and thunder of
the spaceport engulfed the building,
dwarfed it, so that it resembled a lonely
island in a monstrous sea. The air was
heavy with the reek of oil and metal and
strange odors out of a thousand gaping
holds. Above, in a golden sky, the clouds
were like little nebulae of flame.

  There was a bitter taste in Tre-
hearne’s mouth, and the palms of his
hands were sweating as the white build-
ing took them in.

  The halls seethed with activity.
Bronzed men in the black and scarlet
of the Vardda ships, hurrying clerks
and orderlies of a breed Trehearne had
not before seen, a clamor of voices and
the racing pulse of Port Administration.
Trehearne caught only a glimpse of it.
A lift took them swiftly upward to the
highest level.

  There was an office there, bare and
spacious, with window walls that looked
on all four sides across the spaceport.
Trehearne thought fleetingly that it was
almost like the bridge of a starship,
pathetically shackled to the soil.

  There were three men in the office.

ONE was hardly more than a boy.
He was in charge of what appeared
to be a recording device. The second was
not mtieh older, a brisk efficient young
man who stared at Trehearne with frank
curiosity.

  The third man dominated the room—
a grizzled heavy-shouldered giant who
had never been made to occupy an office.
The walls cramped him, even such walls
as these, because they were bounded by
horizons. His large scarred hands rested
uneasily on the polished table and his
eyes seemed better used to watching
stars than men.

  He glared at them all impartially, re-
serving one direct, hard glance for Tre-
hearne. Then he addressed himself to
Edri. “I believe you’re responsible for
bringing this man aboard the ship. Will

you please explain your action?”

  Edri explained. His voice was clipped
and firm. He finished, “I felt—we all
did with the exception of Kerrel—that
Trehearne should be given a chance.”
He laid a particular emphasis on hi?
final words. “He had a right to that
chance. He proved himself a Vardda.”
“A mongrel, a freak,” said Jons im-
patiently. “An Earthman! You did him
no kindness to bring him here, where he
doesn’t belong. And you, Shairn!” He
rounded on the girl. “I didn’t ask you
to come but since you’re here I’ll—”
“You won’t tell me a thing, Joris,”
Shairn interrupted him with the ease
born of many quarrels. “I’ll tell you.
Trehearne is as much a Vardda as you
are and I’m going to see that—”

  It was Joris’ turn to interrupt. “I took
orders from your father when I flew his
ships but you’re not the man he was!
And I don’t hold this job from you!” He
favored both Shairn and Edri with his
anger. “What the devil got into you?
Don’t you know the law? ‘No non-Vard-
da personnel under any circumstances
to board any craft designed for inter-
stellar flight.’ ”

  He went on to give them a dressing-
down that was a masterpiece. Edri
listened with a wooden countenance.
Shairn seemed to find it genuinely inter-
esting. When he was finished she said
admiringly, “You haven’t forgotten how
to roar!”

  Surprisingly Joris laughed. “No,” he
said, “no more than you’ve learned man-
ners.” He swung around to the brisk
young man who sat at the end of the
table, indicating Trehearne wifh a jerk
of the head. “Tell him what’s to be done
with him.”

  The young man cleared his throat. In
painfully stilted English he said to Tre-
hearae, “You will remain in custody In
a suitable place until the Council has
had time to decide what disposition .. .**
Trehearne moved forward to the table.
He leaned over and looked at the young
man with a yellow gaze that stopped
the words in his mouth.

  “If you’re thinking of going to Earth,”
Trehearne told him in good Vardda,
THE STARMEN

“you had better learn the language.”

  He straightened up. He was angry.
He was very angry and no longer inter-
ested in keeping his temper under con-
trol. He faced Joris and said, “The devil
with your custody! You have no author-
ity to imprison me.”

  Joris stared at him. He shook his head
irritably as though he thought his ears
must be playing him tricks. His bronzed,
seamed jowls took on a tinge of red.

  Trehearne went on, rather loudly,
“Unless he is guilty of a crime no Vard-
da may be detained by anyone against
his will. Have I committed any crime?”

  It took Joris some time to recover his
voice. When he did it had a sound of
thunder. “You’re not a Vardda!”

  “No? Think a minute. What is the
one distinguishing quality of a Vardda
that marks him as different fi'om all
other men?”

  “All right, I’ll answer that! By some
freak or other you managed to survive
the flight. But that doesn’t change the
fact that you’re an Earthman, born and
bred, and therefore no Vardda!”

OP LLYRDIS	31

  Trehearne’s eyes had acquired a hard
glitter. “Then suppose,” he said, “that
you imprison me—an Earthman who
has crossed the galaxy from Sol to Al-
debaran and lived. That’ll make quite an
uproar, won’t it? All the non-Vardda
peoples will be mightily interested! So
will the Orthist party. I don’t doubt
they’ll spread the news all over the
galaxy—the Vardda have admitted that
they’re not the only ones who can fly
interstellar space!"

 Joris’ brows drew down into a
straight gray bar. “What do you know
about the Orthist party?”

  “Enough to know they could make
trouble for you. Either I’m Vardda or
I’m not—and if I’m not I could be
the start of a whole new movement.
The first non-Vardda to fly the stars, the
first crack in the monopoly!”

  Joris controlled himself with visible
effort. He said, “You can be put away
so quickly and quietly that no one will
ever hear of you.”

  “Good,” said Trehearne. “Put me

[Turn page]

A DIME BUYS A DOLLAR'S WORTH

OF SHAVING PLEASURE!

                            BLUE STAR Blades are Sharper,
                            Longer-Lasting because they are
                            ground and honed in oil.

                                            No other blade gives you so much
                                            for so little! Try a Blue Star Blade
                                            on hard-to-shave spots. See how
                                            smoothly, easily it takes off the
                                            toughest whiskers. For better
                                            shaving at a real saving, get Blue
                                            Star Blades today.

 ALSO IN
 HANDY
 DISPENSER
 10 for 25*

Mrntion ]

'Blue 1 STAR

4MOM EOGE

 DOMIC EOGfl

 AMCfttCAN SAFETY RAZOR CORR, BROOKLYN h N.fc
32	STARTLING STORIES

away. Put away all the officers of the
ship. Put away all the passengers. Put
away all the crew. That’s a lot of people
to keep quiet.”

  Shairn broke in on a triumphant note.
“Yes, Joris! How do you plan to silence
me ?”

  “And me?” said Edri. He had begun
to hope.

  Joris looked from one to the other
and back again, angry as an old bull but
for the moment, baffled.

KERREL said contemptuously,
“Orthists! That should be enough
to show you, Joris. The man is trying
to blackmail you with the threat of
treason.”

  “Yes,” said Trehearne, “I am.” His
voice was suddenly quiet. There was an
iron quality about it and about the set
of his jaw. He ignored Kerrel. He was
speaking straight to Joris, to the man.

  “When I made that flight and lived
I won my right to the freedom of the
stars. Do you understand that? I won
my right to fly deep space, between the
suns and I’ll use any weapons I can get
TOy hands on against the man who tries
to keep me from it!”

  He was silent then, standing motion-
less, looking into the old man’s eyes.
And Joris was silent also. Kerrel laughed
but no one heard him.

  “By God,” said Joris slowly, “I take
it back. There can’t be any mongrel
blood in you. Only a Vardda could have
that kind of insolence!”

  He swung about and began to pace
up and down behind the table. The
young man gaped. The boy by the re-
corder gnawed his thumb and shivered
in an ecstasy of excitement. Kerrel came
forward, intent on saying something.
Shairn gave him such a murderous look
of warning that he hesitated and in that
moment Joris made up his mind.

  He went to the recorder, took out the
spool and broke it. He gathered the slack
of the boy’s tunic into one hand. With
the other he reached out and collared
the young man. He brought them close
together in front of him and glared
down into their faces.

  “If one word of what you’ve heard
here goes beyond this office,” he said
distinctly, “you will regret it. Under-
stand?”

  They understood and said so. Joris
nodded. “Now get out.”

  They left, the boy reluctantly, the
young man with his faith in the eternal
rightness of things shattered forever.

  Joris said, “I’ll talk to Trehearne
now.”

  Kerrel could contain his rage no
longer. “What kind of a fool are you,
Joris?” he demanded. “ ‘Freedom of the
stars’ be damned! Can’t you see he’s
playing with you?”

  “If he is,” answered Joris grimly,
“he’ll pay for it. Meanwhile, I’ll be the
judge of my wisdom. Dismissed!”
“Come on,” said Shairn and took Ker-
rel’s arm. They went out together. Edri
paused in the doorway and gave Tre-
hearne a parting grin that meant “Good
luck!” Then he too was gone.

  The old spaceman and the younger
man of Earth stood alone in the sweep
of light from the windows. From the
eastern quadrant of the port Trehearne
saw a great ship rise and clear away,
outbound for distant suns.

  Joris tilted his head. “Come here.”
Trehearne obeyed. Joris’ eyes were
harsh and keen as an old eagle’s, weigh-
ing, studying, judging. Trehearne stood
erect and waited. He said nothing. There
was nothing more to say.

  “Vardda blood,” Joris muttered to
himself. “Unmistakable. And he wants
to fly the stars.” He asked abruptly,
“Were you a foundling?”

“No,” said Trehearne. And then, slow-
ly, “But I might just as well have been.”
Joris turned away, scowling thought-
fully, his head and shoulders massive
against the background of burning sky.
“How old are you?”

  “Thirty-three.”

  “I have an idea. Whether it will work
or not I don’t know. The Council sits
again in five days, at which time I will
make my report on you—and since I’m
taking you on faith and my judgment
you’ll have to take me the same way.
I'll do my beet. Meanwhile, for the sake
THE STARMEN OF LLYRDIS	33

of my neck as well as yours, you’ll have
to go where I tell you and stay there.
Is that clear?"

  “Yes.”

  “Good. And Trehearne . . .”

  “Yes?”

  “If I succeed with the Council—you
will fly the stars!”

  It was as much a threat as a promise.
For the first time, Trehearne smiled.

  Thirty minutes later, after a journey
in an underground tubecar that left him
in complete ignorance of his where-
abouts, Trehearne was conducted into
a square neat cubicle, comfortable in all
respects but none the less a prison cell.
The lock of the door clicked behind him
and he was alone.

  There were no windows. He did not
even know whether he was above or
below ground. There was neither day
nor night nor time.

  He paced the narrow floor and ate the
food brought to him by a silent dark-
faced jailor and tried to sleep. He
smoked the last of his hoarded cigarettes
and thought of Earth and the distances
between the suns. He hoped and hope
became gradually a grim despair.

  No one came. Shairn had forgotten
him, Edri’s friendship had been a feeble
thing. The trap that Joris had set for
him became more obvious with each
passing hour. He hated them all. He
raged and waited and remembered the
old man’s words—You can be put away
so quickly and quietly that no one will
ever hear of you.

  This was his landing on Llyrdis, the
fruit of his journey across the star-shot
universe. This was the end of his dream.

  He ceased to rage. He only waited
and wondered why the messenger of
death was so long in coming.

 There came a time when he awoke
sharply from uneasy sleep to hear the
low click of the lock and a soft slurred
step on the padded floor, coming toward
him.

  He sprang up, reaching out to grap-
ple with his killer, and saw that it was
Shairn. She cried out, "Michael!” and
he stopped, uncertain, and her words
came to him with a sound of unx-eality

like the voices heard through fever.

  “It’s all over, Michael—and you’re
free!"

CHAPTER VII

In the Silver Tower

AN hour had gone by and he still
could not quite believe it.

  He had left the cell behind him and
the five eternal days of waiting. He
stood on a terrace high above the city.
It was night and the burning moons
were golden in the sky. The wind from
the sea had the clean sting of wins.
Around him were the tall fantastic tow-
ers bathed in light. Far below the shin-
ing web of streets was a pattern of
sensual beauty, many-colored, sounding,
alive.

  Shairn said softly, “Look at it,
Michael. It’s all yours. You’re a Vardda
now by order and decree.”

  “Vardda,” he whispered to himself.
Vardda, lord of the starways! His hands
were tight on the terrace rail and his
gaze was far away.

  “I had something to do with it,
Michael. Aren’t you going to thank me?”
He turned. She had put on a flowing
thing of white, cunningly draped and
spangled over with a diamond frost, so
that her bosom and shoulders seemed to
rise from sea-foam and there were
strange jewels caught in the dark mass-
es of her hair. He started to speak and
then forgot the words. There were
better ways of thanking her.

  He had not nearly finished when
sounds from inside the apartment—it
was Edri’s—announced the arrival of
Joris, and Shairn pulled away from him,
laughing.

  “Come now and hear how the miracle
was done. But you’ll have to find a differ-
ent way of thanking Joris!”

  Joris greeted Trehearne with a de-
mand to know what he had been think-
ing those five days in- the cell. Trehearne
grinned. “I won’t tell you since none of
34	•	STARTLING STORIES

it was true.”

  Edri said, “We’ve told Trehearne
nothing.” He found glasses and poured
wine. Joris settled heavily into a chair,
full of an honest pride in his own clever-
ness, beaming with it.

  "It took a lot of juggling,” he said,
“and more than a little downright for-
gery—but it worked. A full record of
all voyages is kept at Port Administra-
tion. I went back between thirty and
forty years and managed to supply you
with a pretty good background.”

  He leaned forward: “Get this into
your head, Trehearne, and keep it there.
You were born on Earth thirty-three
years ago of Vardda parents then sta-
tioned on that planet. Your mother, died
in childbirth and your father was forced
to abandon you, since even a Vardda
infant cannot endure interstellar flight.”
He handed Trehearne a slip of paper.
“Here are the names of your parents.
Memorize them. Your father has since
been killed in a wreck off Orion Nebula
and you have no brothers or sisters.
Incidentally you have no inheritance
either, for your ‘father’s’ estate was
divided according to law upon his
death.”

  He added, “From now on this is your
only history. Don’t forget it.”

  He paused to empty his glass and
Shairn took up the story.

  “Joris and I persuaded the Council-
lors not to have you appear for ques-
tioning, Michael. The records and your
Vardda characteristics were sufficiently
convincing. We pointed out to them that
the less talk there was about it all the
better. They passed their resolution in
less than thirty minutes, then followed
it by another to tighten the laws against
Vardda children being born on any
world but Llyrdis!”

  She burst into laughter and Tre-
hearne held out his hand to Joris. He
said one word. “Thanks.”

  Joris’ grip was hard and horny and
his eyes were sharp. “Perhaps I was a
fool to do this for you. We’ll see. In the
meantime you’ve got to make a living.
We Vardda count our wealth in ships—
and until you own one you’ll have to

work for someone else. Do you still want
to fly the stars ?”

  He saw the look on Trehearne’s face
and smiled. “I need a supercargo on my
ship Saarga, outbound in two weeks, for
trade in the Hercules Cluster. Officers
and crew fly on shares and it’s a rich
voyage. Even a supercargo should do
well.”

  Edri said, “I ought to warn you, Tre-
hearne—the Hercules run is one of the
toughest in the galaxy.”

  “That’s why it pays so well,” said
Joris. “Well?”

 Before Trehearne could answer
Shairn laid her hand lazily on his shoul-
der and remarked, “Nonsense, Joris. He
doesn’t have to take on anything like
that. I can find a better opening in my
fleet and he won’t starve until I do.”
Trehearne’s face had tightened. He
said, “You never told me much about
yourself, Shairn. I gather you’re quite
well off?”

  “Oh, quite! As Joris says our wealth
is in ships. He owns two, I own thirty.
My father built one of the richest fleets
on the trade lanes and I was fortunate
enough to be his only heir.” She laughed
and shook her jewelled head.

  “The devil with all talk of business
anyway! This is a night for celebration.”
She pulled him to his feet. “Come on.
Michael! We’ll show you the city.”

  “In a minute,” he told her curtly.
Joris was looking at him with an odd
expression.

  Trehearne went over to him and said,
“When shall I report to the Saarga?”
Edri leaned over Shairne’s should?/
and whispered audibly, “I think you’ve
got our Michael angry.”

  Joris looked at Shairn and roared.
“Missed your guess, didn’t you?” He got
up. “All right, Trehearne! Let’s see
about that celebration!”

  They went. But for the next hour or
so Shairn was inclined to be sulky. The
more so because Trehearne seemed to
have forgotten her existence.

RESPLENDENT in black and silver
supplied for him out of Edri’s
wardrobe, free, accepted and with a
THE STARMEN OF LLYRDIS	35

future ahead, Trehearne walked the
streets of the city, drunk with color and
sound and movement.

  The city surged magnificently, crowd-
ed, thriving, beautiful, devoid of pov-
erty, drenched in the wealth and inven-
tiveness of a thousand far-flung cultures,
Mecca for all the peoples of Aldebaran’s
seven inhabited planets.

  The little ships that tramped the nar-
row planetary roads set down beside the
scornful giants of the star-trails and
poured into the metropolis a never-end-
ing tide of visitors, come to touch the
fringes of a glory they could never touch
themselves—to revel in alien pleasures
and barter for the gems and spices and
spider-woven silks of worlds that they
would never see.

  Most of them were human or nearly
*o, their skins of a variety of tints, their
costumes outlandish or sober according
to their native custom. Some were not
human at all.

  “See those black-skinned hawk-nosed
chaps with the bronze wings?” Edri’s
hand guided Trehearne’s wondering
gaze. “They’re from Suumis. And the
three silvery ones over there with the
bright crests and the crimson robes—
they’re the dominant race on Mirris and
proud as Lucifer for all they’ve got
scales instead of skin. That little blue
fellow is a merchant-prince from Zaard,
the outermost planet. See his diamond
caste-mark ?”

  Trehearne saw. He saw them all and
his head swam with it. The pulse and
rush of the city, the kaleidoscopic multi-
tudes, the companies of lordly Vardda
like peacocks in their jewels and bril-
liant tunics, the babel of outworld
tongues, the drifting sound of music.

  From place to place the four of them
wandered, drinking the dark wine of
Antares, the pungent snow-white brew
of Fomalhaut, endless wines of many
colors from the worlds of many stars.
Shairn forgot to sulk. To Trehearne
she seemed to float in moonlight and
laughter, bewitching, unattainable.

  His head commenced to swim in ear-
nest.

  Faces, human, half-human, unhuman,

beautiful, grotesque, ludicrous. Carni-
val masks, reeling, dancing. Vardda
women lovely as sin, dressed in a thou-
sand fashions, smiling with red mouths.
Music throbbing, passionate, soft, min-
gling with the smell of wine and per-
fume and the sharp sea wind.

  Dancing-girls with emerald skins,
outlandish beasts that capered with an
eerie cleverness, a spinning whirl of
pleasure-palaces infinitely strange. Ter-
races, gardens, parks and squares, name-
less trees blowing under the triple
moons, Joris flushed and jovial, a grey-
polled ox on holiday, Edri . . .

SOBRIETY was not habitual with
Edri but Trehearne had never seen
him drunk. He was drunk tonight. And
as Joris and Trehearne grew gayer he
grew steadily more solemn and with-
drawn. He sat drinking silently now, his
eyes gazing into inner distances, a
brooding look on his ugly face.

  They were in a place of trees and
crystal columns, with bowers drowned
in bloom and the open sky above, when
Kerrel joined the party. He sat down
between Shairn and Joris, erect, hand-
some. He did not touch the wine. “Well,
Trehearne,” he said. “Welcome to the
Vardda race.”

  “Thanks.” And then, deliberately,
Shairn moved and laid her head against
Trehearne’s shoulder.

  “Do you have to go voyaging.
Michael?” Her lap was full of the great
pale moonflowers and her hands toyed
with the musky blossoms. Something
wicked and demure was in her eyes.

Joris poured ruby liquor into Edri\<
goblet. “Here, man. You look too sober.”
Edri pushed the goblet away. “No.
I’m going home. How about the rest
of you ?”

  “But I’ve just come,” said Kerrel
easily. He turned to Shairn. “Did you
her’* about Arrin?”

  “What about him?”

  “It seems he’s one of the Orthi3t lead-
ers. They caught him today. Odd thing,
though—they couldn’t find any of his
papers.” Very casually he added, to
Edri, “A friend of yours, isn’t he?"
36	STARTLING STORIES

  “I know him.*

  “Oh, come now! You’ve known him
for years.”

  Edri said nastily, “I’ve known you for
a long time too. Don’t cat-and-mouse
with me, Kerrel. If you have something
to say, say it.”

  Kerrel shrugged. “I was only think-
ing that a man can have too many un-
fortunate friendships.” It was perfectly
obvious that he included Trehearne
among the undesirables.

  “Your field is comparative technol-
ogy,” Edri said. “I understand you’re
quite good at it. Stick to it. I’m leaving.”
He walked away, staggering a little.
Trehearne watched the solitary figure
moving down an avenue of trees,
splashed with shadows and golden light.
He hesitated, then got to his feet and
followed.

  Edri stopped when he felt Trehearne’s
hand touch him. He looked at him curi-
ously as though he had never seen him
before.

  “What’s wrong, Edri?”

  “Nothing. A man is going to be pun-
ished but that’s not wrong. It’s right
that he should be punished. He is an
Orthist, a traitor.”

  Trehearne understood now. “Your
friend Arrin?”

  “Yes—my friend. But he deserves
punishment for being an Orthist. And
do you know how they punish such
traitors? With exile—bitter lifelong
exile on the lonely world of a lonely
star. They are never allowed to fly space
again. To a Vardda that’s worse than
death!”

TREHEARNE felt a trifle sick. He,
who had just won the right to star-
flight, could realize the crushing enor-
mity of such a sentence.

  “I didn’t know they did that to
Orthlsts.”

  “Oh, yes. Not all of them, not the
talkers xn the salons who only play at it.
But the men who work—oh, yes!”

  Edri went on. He was very drunk and
npw that he had started it seemed that
hi3 could not stop. He was not talking to
Trehearne but to himself, to the wind

and the casual moons and a world that
had turned bitter around him.

  “Arx-in worked. He searched the rec-
ords, the forbidden files, until they
caught him. He never found what he
was looking for but he might have—a
little more time and he might have!"

  He looked up into the sky, the empty
sky that stretched to the rim of the
galaxy.

  “Somewhere out there Orthis sits in
his ship and waits—waits to be found
again. But where? That’s it, the ques-
tion that no one has answered in a thou-
sand years. Where?”

  He turned aside and was abruptly,
violently sick. Trehearne waited.

  After awhile Edri said, “Curious, tha
things a man will say when he’s drunk.”
“I don’t know,” Trehearne said. “I
didn’t hear anything.”

  Edri managed a grin. “I’m all right
now. I’m going on home.”

  When Trehearne returned to the
others Shairn complained sweetly, “You
were gone so long, Michael. Was Edri
sick?”

  “Yes—very. But he’s all right now.
He went home.”

  “I think,” said Shairn with a dainty
yawn, “that I’ll go home too. Come
along, Michael.”

  Kerrel turned a dull red and there
was sudden murder in his eyes. He said
thickly, “Am I to understand—”

  “You are to understand anything you
wish,” Shairn smiled.

  Joris came out of his vinous fog and
enquired hopefully, “Is there going to
be a fight?”

  Trehearne asked Kerrel, “Is there?”
They looked into each other’s eyes,
the direct intimate look of hate. Then
Kerrel said softly, “No, not now. It’s
only a matter of time. But not now, not
tonight.”

  He had mastered himself when he
turned to Shairn. “I trust you’ll find
your new toy amusing.”

  “I shall—until he begins to act as
though he owns me.” Her smile became
more beautiful, more sweet. “Tell me,
Kerrel, now that it’s over—did you love
me or my thirty ships ?”
THE STARMEN OF LLYRDIS	*7

  The angry flush went out of Kerrel’s
face, leaving it deathly white. He stood
for one long moment, then turned with-
out a word and stalked away. His heels
left small sharp scars in the turf.

  Shairn lifted one exquisite shoulder.
“He’s tiresome. Oh, well! Come along,
Michael.”

  She took his hand and he went with
her. Joris’ booming laughter followed
them down the avenue of trees.

  Trehearne realized only later just
how wine-flushed he was. He had no
clear memory of how they reached the
car—an ultra-streamlined sublimation
of a car, powered by humming genera-
tors—nor of the drive out from the city.
He was suddenly aware of a broad road
running along the coast, of the golden
sea on one hand, dark mountains on the
other. Shairn was at the controls. He
hoped she was more sober than he. She
was going very fast. The sea wind bat-
tered at them, wild and cold.

  Shairn stopped the car. “This is my
home, Michael. My family has lived here
for hundreds of years—here in the Sil-
ver Tower.”

  She led him inside. He tried to see it
all clearly but things tended to melt and
run t o g e t h e r—tapestries, carvings,
colors, the loot of many worlds. Shairn
went before him, floating, a white foam-
wraith.

  “Michael.”

  “Yes?”

  They were in a long gallery above
the sea. The moonlight lay in great
angled blocks along the floor.

  “You’re a Vardda now—but you’re in
greater danger than ever. Kerrel will
kill you if he can.”

  “Yes,” said Trehearne. “If he can.”
“Don’t underestimate him, Michael.
He can be very deadly.”

  He drew her to him, not tenderly.
“You took good care to make him so.
You wanted Kerrel and me to battle it to
the death right there, didn’t you ?”

  She laughed. “It would have been ex-
citing.”

  “Listen to me, Shairn. The next time
you try to make trouble, you'll get it—
from me.”

  “Now you’re being masterful. And no
man is my master!”

  He took her face between his two
hands and looked down into it. His
thumbs bit cruelly into her white cheeks.

  “I think you’re going to be sorry you
ever met me, Shairn,” he whispered.

  Two weeks later, dressed in the black
and scarlet of the Vardda spacemen,
Trehearne left Shairn for the starship
Saarga, outbound for Hercules.

CHAPTER VIII
Under the Cluster Suns

THE Saarga was not like the ship
that nad brought Trehearne from
Earth. She was older and shabbier with
enormous capacity for cargo and no
space at all for passengers. Officers and
crew were cramped in quarters func-
tionally reduced to the absolute mini-
mum and there were no such luxuries as
lounges and observation domes.

  But to Trehearne she was a thing of
wondrous beauty. Every dent and scar
on her unlovely bulkheads recorded a
voyage to a nameless sun. The crammed
and odorous vaults of her belly were
storehouses of exotic riches, the fruits
of unimagined worlds. And he was part
of her. He was no longer merely a hun-
gry observer. He belonged.

  He worshipped her.

  His shipmates discussed Trehearne’s
curious history—official version—with
great interest, asked him questions
about Earth, then forgot it. The officers
treated him with the affable contempt
of the veteran for the amateur, liked
him and were patient with his feverish
insistence on learning to be a starman.
There was little else to do on the long
haul out and they taught him much.

  They showed him the purring metal
giants that drove the ship, the mighty
generators powered by almost auto-
matic atomic turbines. They taught him
how to read-the radar-screen, that func-
tioned not by slow electro-magnetic
38	STARTLING STORIES

waves but by rays, incomprehensible to
him, which were far faster than light
—another flat contradiction of the
Earth theoreticians.

  He listened rn Communications to
Vardda ships talking across the galaxy
in 'thin ghostly converse by the same
super-swift rays. He was allowed—and
that was like realizing an impossible
dream—to hold the controls of the
Saarga in his hands as it raced through
infinity.

  Trehearne became especially friendly
with Yann, the Second Officer, a cheer-
ful young rakehell who had made nine
voyages into the Cluster and had once
been stranded for the equivalent of an
Earth year on one of its wildest worlds,
pinch-hitting for a Vardda factor who
had died.

  “Wait until we hit that system,” he
told Trehearne. “I’ll show you things
you never dreamed of. You want to see
real barbarism? They have it there!”

  Yann had made a brace of fortunes
and gambled them away. He still clung
firmly to the belief that some day he
would have a ship of his own.

  “This trip will do it,” he would say
and laugh and build vast empires that
stretched across the star-clouds of the
Milky Way.

  He was good company. He was very
helpful to Trehearne, instructing him
in the diverse arts of starmanship. They
got on well.

  The great Cluster of Hercules grew
from a patch of hazy brilliance, lost in
the blaze and crash and thunder of the
universe, to a monstrous star-swarm,
blinding even through a darkened port
—a swirling hive of suns, white, red,
yellow, peacock blue and vivid green,
booming across the eternal night of
space with the rush and roar of a cos-
mic avalanche, hurtling onward toward
some unknown destination, guided by
the evil blinking eyes of the Cepheid
variables.

  The Saarga plunged in among the
edges of the swarm and Trehearne be-
gan to discover why Edri had warned
him about the Hercules run.

  “All the globular clusters are bad,”

Yann told him. “Omega Centauri—
there’s another one to break a starman’s
heart. A strong ship, a strong captain
and no imagination—that’s what it
takes for a voyage like this.”

  Trehearne was introduced to gravity
tides and for the first time in his life
he knew what real fear was.

  The generators throbbed incessantly.
The Saarga groaned and shrieked in all
her metal bones, moving in erratic
bursts of speed and sudden brakings,
pitching and swerving as she felt her
way in through shoals of suns, fighting
the complex changing gravitational
fields. Trehearne got the feeling that he
was trapped inside an iron football be-
ing battered back and forth between
the stars.

  Yann grinned. “It gets worse as you
go farther in.”

  It did.

  Trehearne felt that it was impossible
for any ship to live in those mighty
cross-currents of gravitation as the suns
thickened like swarming bees. But the
Saarga went doggedly on her way and
after a while Trehearne got used to her
complaints and violent pitchings.

  They stopped first at the single lone-
ly world of a waning star on the fringe
of the Cluster—a shadowy place, flood-
ed with the distant glories of other suns
but cold and barren and dying. The
Saarga discharged food and ores, took
in payment gems of royal purple, mined
out of the grey rock by little men with
sorrowful eyes.

  The little men looked at the great
ship and the men who flew in her, then
at the flaming suns that were out of
reach. They made their bargain silently
and went away. Trehearne was glad
when they left that world.

  They visited the eerie planet of a
variable star, where there was no life
at all but a creeping fungus, valuable
in the preparation of a medicinal drug.
Trehearne, clad in insulating armor
against the radiation of that evil sun.
went with his shipmates to reap the
ugly harvest, sank up to his knees in
spongy dust.

  They traded with scaly humanoids
THE STARMEN OF LLYRDIS

under the glare of a blue-white sun.
They stripped the worlds of a red giant,
leaving gilded trinkets in exchange for
rare radioactive minerals. They dealt
with life-forms so degraded that there
was no semblance of humanity, while
the Vardda stood with shock-cannon
ready to guard the ship while the bar-
tering went on.

  And they touched at systems that had
a high degree of civilization, where for
the first time Trehearne saw the Vardda
factories—vast walled compounds held
under treaty, crammed with ware-
houses in which were gathered the sal-
able goods of a family of planets.

  That, he learned, was the universal
system wherever trade was openly and
regularly carried on—the walled com-
pound and separate landing-field pre-
sided over by a Vardda factor, an island
fragment of Llyrdis preserved intact
amid an alien culture.

  Trehearne became accustomed to the
open envy of the non-Vardda races. He
no longer thought of it except to notice
its variation according to cultures—the
aboriginals who mixed with it a wor-
shipful fear of the Vardda star-
lords, the barbarians who would have
killed them except that they were greedy
for the luxuries of trade, the more
civilized folk who treated them with
cold respefet and ate out their hearts
with envious longing.

  He got used to the eternal never-
changing question, asked on every world
by the old and the young and the large-
eyed children—What is it like to fly
among the stars?

BY the time they reached the system
of the green star he was a thorough
Vardda.

  Yann was full of excitement. “This
is the system I told you about, Tre-
hearne—the one where I was factor so
long. I got to know the natives like a
brother.” He laughed and clapped Tre-
hearne on the shoulder. “We make a
long stop here and I’ll see to it that it
isn’t dull!”

  The Saarga set down on a world of
emerald heat. Besides the starship the
landing-field contained half a dozen bat-
tered interplanetary craft, brought out
piecemeal by the Vardda and operated
by them between the wild planets of the
system. The great stockaded factory
was one of the largest Trehearne had
seen and the strangest.

  The “logs” that formed the stockade
and made the walls of the warehouses
were of crystal, cut from the crystalline
forests that covered much of the land.
Trehearne thought of them as trees and
forests, simply because they had stems
and branches, but they were inorganic,
the glittering proliferation of subli-
mated alien chemicals.

  They glowed and flashed under the
fierce green sun, showing glints of
weird color where a prism formation
broke the light'. And also, in their shin-
ing branches, they netted the many-
colored rays of the brighter stars that
burned even in the daylight sky.

  There was a town beyond the factory.
It too was built of the crystal logs over
foundations of black rock sunk in the

[Turn pvge]

A TEN-THOUSAND-YEAR INVASION OF EARTH

IT BEGAN when humanity wot young and the Druids ruled what is now Westerr.
Europe.

 It has continued inexorably ever since, surviving setbacks and disaster! no human
 invaders could take.

 It is winning its final victory all around us today with only a tew men and womer
 even aware that an enemy exists.

To learn the frightening facts, read—

THE SEED FROM SPACE

A Novel by FLETCHER PRATT

                                COMING NEXT ISSUE!
40	STARTLING STORIES

ooze. Thick vines clambered every-
where, bearing bulbous fruit. Under-
growth, green almost to blackness, stood
rank between the trees. There was a
smell of fragrant rottenness, cloying,
sweet.

 Trehearne moved and sweated
through a bath of molten jade. It was
a large world and heavy. The gravity
dragged at him. The letters of the
freight lists swam under his eyes. When
he was finished at last with his job he
was glad enough to follow Yann.

  “Wine, cooled in deep wells,” said
Yann and smacked his lips. “Make a
new man of you.”

  “A hell of a world,” said Trehearne.

  “You should see the others of this
system. This is the pick of the lot.”

  They walked through the outer com-
pound, a sort of caravanserai crowded
with folk from the other planets,
brought in for the trading. Cold-blooded
creatures with crimson eyes, ophidian
princes of the inner worlds, wrapped
in golden mantles against the chill. Slim
furred kings of the outer planets, capped
and girdled with precious stones, still
and panting in the heat. These and
others watched the two tall Vardda,
thinking their own thoughts.

  They passed through the gate out of
the factory, wading in soggy mud. The
sun was setting in a welter of lurid
green, tinged with peacock hues. Tre-
hearne looked at the town ahead, the
straggling lanes, the crystal huts that
crouched in sordid beauty, the encir-
cling forest of ungodly trees. Doubt
assailed him.

  “Perhaps we should stay in the fac-
tory. There’ll be plenty of wine and
more comfort.”

  Yann cursed him good-naturedly. “I
told you I know these people better than
I know my own children! Come on, Tre-
hearne, there’s nothing to do in the fac-
tory. Don’t you want a good time? I’ve
got friends in the town. You’ll like
them.”

  Trehearne glanced back at the fac-
tory. It was not inspiring. He shrugged.
He was beginning to feel the long con-
finement of the voyage, the tensions and

the haste of trade. It would be good to
cut loose for once, to see something of
life outside the compounds, to get a
change from the same faces. It was
against orders but . . .

  He made sure of the prismed shock-
tube in his belt and followed Yann.

  Night came. The glorious sky of the
Cluster crashed down on them, sown
to bursting with stars as bright as
moons. The crystal trees took on opaline
fires. The hut walls glittered.

  Around the two Vardda there gath-
ered a crowd of sloe-eyed children, silent
and solemn, with hides of dusky green.
Women watched them from the door-
ways. Human enough and pretty enough
too, the younger ones, sleek and olive
colored, wearing bright silks from Llyr-
dis around their hips and baubles in
their hair.

  Trehearne asked Yann a question
that had puzzled him. “How is it that
there are humans or humanoids on so
many worlds? Earth scientists had the
idea that the human form was likely to
be unique.”

  “Oh, the Vardda biologists have been
busy with that for centuries. eThey’ve
compared data from all over the galaxy,
and worked out a theory that at some
remote time great clouds of spores were
deliberately released into space—you
know, little life-seeds with a basic ten-
dency to develop toward the human
form or something like it. What long-
dead civilization tried to perpetuate the
human form by releasing the spores
we’ll never know.”

  He laughed. “Anyway, who cares?
Here they are and mostly human and I
take them as they come!”

HE chattered happily as they went
along the winding lanes, telling of
his multifarious sins and adventurings
and the clever ways in which he had
cheated the factory. The hostile curious
eyes of the women followed them and
now and again a man spat expressively
into the mud behind them.

  They came at last to a hut on the out-
skirts of the town. Beside it were
chained four pairs of beasts the size of
THE STARMEN OF LLYRDIS	41

harriers, milk-white with dark muzzles
and feet, their undulating bodies built
light and long for speed. They made
shrill barking sounds and leaped at the
strangers, showing hungry fangs. Tre-
hearne thought they looked like gigantic
weasels—and quite as friendly.

 “Hounds,” said Yann. “Kurat is a
hunter. I had a private arrangement
with him for skins.” He winked hugely
and lifted up his voice, shouting in the
native tongue an obvious demand for
Kurat to come out and welcome his
brother.

 A lean hard-muscled man emerged.
He wore a loin-cloth of brilliant blue
silk, not very clean, and a necklet of
hammered metal. He greeted Yann with
glad cries. Trehearne smiled inwardly.
They were two of a kind, the Vardda
and the hunter, a brace of happy scoun-
drels.

 Kurat welcomed him in the lingua
franca of the factory towns. A brother
of Yann, it seemed, was his brother
also. He swept Trehearne before him
into the hut.

  There was a numerous family inside.
A very old man and woman sat in a
corner, doing nothing. Babes and chil-
dren cluttered the floor. Kurat's hulk-
ing wife waded imperturbably among
them. A handsome younger woman
brought in a great sweating jug and
poured from it into Trehearne’s cup.

  The wine was cold and bitter. Tre-
hearne, draining it, began to forget the
heat and his weariness. Then, as he
looked up into the young woman’s face,
he was startled by the hatred in her
watching eyes.

  He said suddenly, “Why do you hate
us so?”

  She laughed metallically. “Is there
any world where the Vardda are loved ?”

  “Because we are able to fly the stars
and you aren’t?”

  “Because we too could have had the
freedom of the stars and you Vardda
kept us from it!”

  Trehearne stared at her, disconcerted
by her sudden passion. “But the secret
was lost . .

  “Oh, yes! And even on this far world

we know how it was lost! All the uni-
verse has heard of Orthis, of how the
Vardda drove him into the depths of
space and destroyed him when he would
have shared his knowledge. And so you
are free and I am chained and my chil-
dren after me forever.”

  She turned abruptly away from him.
He looked after her, disturbed and
oppressed by the revelation of what
bitter depths of hostility lay behind the
faces of the non-Vardda.

  But Yann shook his shoulder. “Kurat
has made a kill today—a rare skin.
Come outside and look at it. It’s worth
money.”

LESS from interest than to escape hia
own oppression Trehearne rose.
They went out a back way. There was a
shed some distance away, where Kurat
said the hide was drying. Yann and he
chattered in the unfamiliar jargon. Tre-
hearne was not much interested in the
whole business.

  It was dark inside the shed. Yann
said, “Wait a minute while I make a
light.”

  Trehearne waited but not long. The
light exploded inside his own skull. He
heard Kurat grunt behind him with the
exertion of the blow, then laugh. Yann
was laughing too.

  Trehearne knew a moment of murder-
ous fury and then the world of the green
star slipped away from under him.

  When it returned again into his ken,
he was sprawled on his face in mud,
stripped of his tunic, his jewelled belt,
his sandals. The hut of Kurat had van-
ished, the town with it. He was in the
forest, encircled by trees whose crystal
branches glittered under the savage
stars. His head hurt and he had no
weapon.

  He got unsteadily to his feet with
only one thought in mind—the deter-
mination to get his hands on his good
friend Yann. He took three steps in no
particular direction—and then stopped,
bathed in a sudden icy sweat.

  In the distance and not too far away
he heard the high-pitched cry of Kurat’s
strange hounds.
42	STARTLING STORIES

CHAPTER IX

The Hunting of Trehearne

IT dawned upon Trehearne then that
this was not merely assault and rob-
bery. This was murder. He had walked
unsuspecting into a trap, haa sat there
while Yann and Kurat talked jovially
over his head, arranging the details of
its springing.

  They would not want his body in the
hut or in the town. They would not
want it to look like murder. They would
carry him into the forest, then set the
hounds after him and leave the beasts
to do the final work. Who could be
blamed if a drunken Vardda wandered
off where he had no business to be and
was pulled down by a pack of hounds?

  He wondered if Yann and Kurat were
following the hunt.

  And why did Yann want him dead?

  He began to run.

  The ropy vines that crept and clam-
bered among the crystal trees were like
nooses set to catch his feet. He fell and
rose and ran again and the spongy
ground gave treacherously. It was very
hot, and he was heavy, heavy with the
drag of a heavy world.

  Behind him, clear and shrill, came
the yap-yap-yaahhh ! of Kurat’s weasel
hounds, racing over a fresh scent. The
crystal branches gleamed and sparkled,
tipped with star-fire—sharp-tipped like
spears. Trehearne stopped and tried to
break one and it was like trying to break
a bar of steel with his bare hands. He
gave it up and fled onward, not know-
ing where he was or where he was go-
ing, only wanting to stay away from
the.lithe white demons that pursued him.

  There was a little river, black and
warm. He waded upstream in it, splash-
ing to his waist, swimming the deeper
pools. The bitter wine had left him
thirsty and he drank. The water tasted
foully of pitch and slime and he spat it
out again, gasping.

  He heard the voice of the pack change

to a querulous whining as they checked
by the bank. He sank down to rest and
listened to them casting back and forth.
He thought he heard a man’s voice
shouting but could not be sure.

  He went on again, striking into the
forest. The great stars were pounding
against his head and his body was leaden
with many extra pounds of weight by
gravitation.

  Trehearne prayed for a fallen branch
but there was none. He prayed to find
the town and that too was denied him.
He ran heavily under the glittering trees
and behind him the hounds burst sud-
denly into full cry, more distant now
but as chilling to the blood.

  It would not be long before they over-
took him.

  He measured the trees with an eye
to climbing one for refuge. They were
glassy and badly shaped and they were
low. He remembered the long whipcord-
bodies of the weasel-like beasts. He
thought they could leap as high as they
needed to pull him down.

  He staggered on and every time he
fell it was harder to get up again. The
cry of the pack swept closer.

  Abruptly, from somewhere ahead of
him, came the challenging voices of
other hounds.

  Trehearne stopped, despairing. He
was caught now between two fires.
There was no use in going on. He choked
on the acrid gorge of fear and cast about
for a weapon, something, anything to
hold in his hands, to kill with, at least a
little before he was torn apart.

  It came to him that the yelping of the
beasts ahead was stationary and irri-
table. They were not hunting. They were
chained.

  Trehearne sobbed. He began to run
again.

  There was a clearing. He saw it ahead,
dimly through the starshine and the
trees. He strove to reach it and the pack
cry clamored at his heels.

  He tripped and pitched headlong and
was almost happy because he had fallen
over a tangle of branches left from the
breaking of the crystal trees. He caught
one up. Tt was not long but it was better
THE ST.4RMEN OF LLYRDIS	43

than nothing.

  He plunged forward into the edge of
the clearing. It was there that the
hounds of Kurat bayed him.

  Swift and undulant, white as frost
in the starlight, they came leaping be-
tween the glistening trees. They voiced
one final cry of triumph and then were
still, still as arrows in mid-flight.

 Trehearne set his back against a
glassy trunk. Their fangs were like hot
irons in his flesh and he was as mad-
dened as they.

  There was a hut across the clearing.
Four of the hunting-beasts were leashed
beside it. A man, a woman and a tall
boy came out of the hut. The boy started
to run toward Trehearne, shouting. The
man caught him. He spoke to the boy
and made him be still. They stood there,
watching.

  Trehearne swung his broken crystal
branch.

ONE he killed and one he crippled.
The remaining six boiled around
him, a liquid tangle of bodies leaping,
flowing, slashing with the white knives
of their teeth. The blood ran on Tre-
hearne’s body. He swung and swung
again and still the man and woman
watched stolidly and did not move.

  The boy cried out and the man cuffed
him.

 Trehearne yelled and dropped the
branch. One of the brutes had fastened
on his wrist. Its weight dragged him to
his knees and he knew that this was
the finish, the last of his voyaging
amidst the stars. He tore the strong
jaws out of his flesh and swung the
brute as a flail in the faces of its mates
and then he could hold it no longer and
the pack closed in.

  The boy had slunk back into the shad-
ows by the hut wall. Now, suddenly, he
reached and slipped the thongs from
around the necks of the tethered hounds.

  They tore across the clearing over the
jagged stumps and flung themselves
upon the pack of Kurat.

  For a moment the beasts forgot Tre-
hearne. He scrambled free of the snarl-
ing tangle and went toward the hut.

The man rushed by him, howling. He
picked up a branch and began to beat
the hounds, struggling to separate them.
The woman wailed and ran to help him.
The boy came to Trehearne.

  He was not much above sixteen, tall
and well made. He put his arm around
Trehearne’s waist and took him into the
hut and sat him down. Trehearne was
glad to sit. The room reeled and dark-
ened around him. When his sight cleared
the boy had brought cloths and a pun-
gent salve and was binding his cuts.

  “What is your name?” asked Tre-
hearne in the lingua franca.

  "Torin”

  "You saved my life, Torin. I will not
forget it.”

  “I would do anything for the Vardda.”
Instead of hate there was hero-worship
in this non-Vardda face. It was obvious
that in the boy’s eyes Trehearne was a
figure of glory. Trehearne was touched.

  Torin stared at him, his task forgot-
ten. And he asked the question, the old
unchanging question that was always
on the lips of boys. "What is it like—
what is it really like, to fly between the
stars?”

  Trehearne put his hand on the lean
young shoulder and lied. “It is long and
hard and not nearly as adventurous as
hunting. I’ll wager that you’re as good
a hunter as your father.”

  "Not yet,” said Torin. “Some day ..
He bent to his work again. His fingers
moved over Trehearne’s flesh, touching
the muscles, spreading the wounds, gen-
tle with the thick salve. He scowled,
brooding over some question of his own.

  “It feels like mine,” he said. "It bleeds
like mine and here is an old scar and
there will be new ones. It is not a differ-
ent flesh, made of iron or some other
thing.”

  He sprang up. "Look!” he cried. "I
am strong, very strong. See, my flesh is
hard like yours. Surely it is not true
that only the Vardda can fly in the great
ships! Surely I am strong enough to go
out and see the stars!”

  Trehearne could not meet his eager
eyes. He said, "It takes a different kind
of strength.” He tried to explain Md
44	STARTLING STORIES

gave it up. He could only say, “I’m
sorry.”

  He got up. “Will you guide me to the
compound, Torin? And think what you
would like out of all the things that are
there. I can’t take my life from you
without giving something back—a little
gift between friends.”

  Torin whispered, “I want to see the
ship.”

  Trehearne frowned and in the inter-
val of silence he heard the noises from
the clearing—the whining growl of the
hounds and a sudden lifting of human
voices.

  “Torin,” he said. “Look out and see
who has come.”

  He flattened himself in the corner be-
hind the door. The boy opened it and
peered.

  “Two have just come into the clear-
ing,” he whispered. “A hunter whose
name is Kurat—and a Vardda.” He
drew back and looked at Trehearne.
“They were hunting you?”

  Trehearne nodded. His face had tight-
ened and grown cruel. “Give me a
knife.”

  Torin handed him a skinning blade
of crystal chipped to a razor edge. Tre-
hearne said, “Go and tell them I am
dead from the hounds’ tearing. Tell the
Vardda to come and help you carry out
my body. And see that he comes in
first!”

  Torin hesitated, then he went. Tre-
hearne heard him calling across the
clearing. The gabble of voices increased
and Yann’s familiar laughter sounded.
The boy was talking, telling the details
of Trehearne’s dying.

  Yann strode into the hut.

  He came confidently. He had nothing
to fear. And then Trehearne’s arm was
around his throat and the point of the
knife was biting in under the angle of
the jaw.

  “Don’t move,” said Trehearne. And
again, “Don’t move!”

  Yann stood still.

  “Undo your belt and let it drop.”

  Yann did that very carefully lest Tre-
hearne become nervous. Blood ran down
the side of his neck. “You’ll cut the

vein,” he whispered. “No deeper, please,
no deeper!”

  The belt dropped. Trehearne set his
foot on it. Then he flung Yann from
him savagely, so that he fell sprawling
on the floor. Torin stood wide-eyed in
the doorway, watching.

  Trehearne knelt and took the little
prismed shock-tube swiftly from its
sheath on Yann’s belt. “Now,” he said.
He did not take his eyes off Yann. “Keep
watch, Torin, and tell me if anyone
comes.”

  “They are busy with the hounds and
with talking,” the boy said.

YANN sat sullenly on the floor, hold-
ing his neck. He glowered at Tre-
hearne but he made no move to rise.

  “This wasn’t my idea,” he said. “I was
only doing a job. You don’t have to kill
me.”

  “I don’t have to but I’d enjoy it.
Whose idea was it, Yann?”

  “He was going to give me a ship,”
Yann muttered. “A ship of my own. Any
man would do it for a price like that.
You’d do it yourself, Trehearne. That’s
just common sense.”

  Trehearne said, “Who offered you a
ship?”

  “Kerrel. You go fight it out with him.
I’ve got nothing against you, Trehearne,
it was just a business deal. One life, one
ship. You fight it out with Kerrel.”

  Trehearne kicked him. “You’re not
worth killing. Get up and get out. And
Yann—”

  “Yes?”

  “Stay away from me!”

  “All right, all right! But I don’t see
that you’ve so much to complain about.”
Yann hauled himself upright and start-
ed toward the door. “I’m the loser.
You’re alive, aren’t you? And I’ve lost
a ship!”

  “That’s too bad,” said Trehearne.
“You and Kurat can go away and mourn
about it. And if I were you I would go
fast.”

  Yann glanced back at him. He began
to run. Within seconds he and Kurat
had leashed what was left of the pack
and vanished out of the clearing.
THE STARMEN OF LLYRDIS	46

  Trehearne watched them go. He was
shaking with fury. Already he had for-
gotten Yann. He was thinking of Kerrel.
“He can be deadly,” Shairn had said.
The man and woman returned slowly
to the hut. In his hand, by its loose
scruff, the man carried a limp dead
hound. He flung it down at Torin’s feet.

  “There’s your work,” he said. “Two
of the others will not hunt for days. We
will go hungry because you are a fool.”
He did not look at Trehearne. The
woman did with stolid indifference.
Torin said angrily, “I don’t care. I
couldn't just stand and watch him die!”
The man growled, “Learn to think of
your own and not the Vardda. You will
be happier.”

  Trehearne picked up Yann’s fine jew-
elled belt and tossed it on the table.
“That’ll pay you for your hound.” He
went out across the clearing and in a
minute Torin joined him, pointing out
the path.

  “I’m sorry,” he said. “My parents are
good and kind but they do not under-
stand the Vardda.”

  “Perhaps they do,” said Trehearne.
“Better than you know.”

 It was morning when they reached
the compound, a green morning op-
pressed with heat. Trehearne was ready
to drop but Torin strode blithely ahead
and all the way he talked of the great
ship. He would accept no other gift but
that, to see the ship, and he pleaded so
that Trehearne had not the heart to
refuse him.

  After all it was little enough reward
for what the boy had done.

  It was the last great day of the trad-
ing and all the Vardda were inside the
compound except one man who guarded
the Saarga. The hatches were closed.
Only the airlock port was open and the
guard sat in front of it, yawning in
the heat.

 He brightened up when Trehearne
came. “What happened to you?” he de-
manded, and laughed. “A big night, eh ?”
“I spent it with a pack of hounds,”
Trehearne answered and spoke to him
about Torin.

 The guard looked doubtful. “It’s

against the rules—the skipper’d have
my head if he found out.”

  “How can he find out? Don’t worry,
I’ll see the boy gets clear of the ship.
You can look the other way.”

  The guard could not withstand Torin’s
hungry gaze. “Well—all right. Only be
sure you get the kid out again fast!”
Trehearne saw to it. He showed Torin
what he could, from the bridge to the
generator-rooms, and the boy trod softly
as though he were in a holy place, touch-
ing, sighing, wondering. Trehearne was
sorry he had brought him. He felt a pity
to see that longing that could never be
fulfilled.

 He pressed upon Torin what few
trinkets from other star-worlds he had
in his own cabin and led him out from
the ship and stood with the guard,
watching the boy go slowly away across
the field, looking back, always back, un-
til he was lost behind the compound wall.

“Star-crazy, like all the rest of them,”
said the guard. “Well, he’ll get over it.”
“I suppose so,” said Trehearne and
was glad he would not see Torin again.

  He went into the factory, found the
doctor and told the captain a brief story
of how he had had too much wine in the
town and been set upon by stray hounds.
The captain remarked that it was no
more than he deserved and bade him
learn thereby the folly of breaking rules.
Trehearne slept until he was routed out
to check the lading.

  Toward midnight the cargo was all
aboard and the hatches locked. The
Saarga lifted into the star-shot sky, and
the acceleration built and built to the
thrust of the throbbing generators.

  Trehearne was almost asleep again
when he heard the screaming.

CHAPTER X
Death Between Stars

THEY found Torin lying beside the
well that led up from the hold. He
had made it that far. His skin was al-
46	STARTLING STORIES

ready darkened with the subcutaneous
hemorrhage, his body twisted and
writhing, his face almost unrecogniz-
able. And he screamed and would not
stop.

  Trehearne held him and watched him
die.

  It seemed to take a long, long time.
It was not a clean death. It was dissolu-
tion. Trehearne remembered his own
torment and there was nothing he could

do.

  The others watched also with sick
white faces. In the end it was the guard
who went to fetch a cloth to wrap the
body in and there were tears on his
cheeks.

  Trehearne laid Torin on the sheet.
His flesh was not hard any more. He
was no longer straight and well made.
He was not even a dead boy. He was a
rag, a shapelessness, an obscenity. It
crossed Trehearne’s mind how nearly
he had come to dying that same death.

  He got up. He returned to his cabin,
stripped and scrubbed himself in a kind
of frenzy. He kicked his sodden gar-
ments into the corridor for someone else
to deal with. He could not touch them
again. And all the time he heard Torin’s
voice crying, “Surely I am strong
enough to go out and see the stars!”

  They came a little later and told Tre-
hearne that they had found where Torin
had hidden himself under the wrappings
of a bale, to be carried aboard with the
cargo.

  “It wasn’t your fault," they told him.
“There was no way you could have seen
the boy.”

  Trehearne was not comforted.

  They buried Torin in deep space, to
drift forever among the Suns of Her-
cules. And Trehearne thought of a hut,
of a man and a woman who were wait-
ing for their son to come home. He
wished that Torin had listened to the
wisdom of his father.

  The Saarga tramped her way onward
among the worlds of the Cluster. Time
and events gave Trehearne other things
to think about. He was a starman now,
tested and hardened, a functioning part
of his environment. His horizons were

boundless and the stars had not lost
their lustre. But somehow, even so, the
first fine flush of glory was gone.

  He remembered the bitterness of the
woman who had said, “You are free
and I am chained and my children after
me forever.” He remembered the count-
less young men who hungered, the eyes
of children wide with dreams. Each time
he saw the new-healed scars on his body
he remembered the boy who had dressed
those wounds and found the Vardda
flesh no different from his own—a
treachery too subtle for his understand-
ing.

  Over and over, when he slept, he held
Torin in his arms and watched him die.

  He told himself that it was all wasted
pity. Whatever had been done to Orthis
long ago was not his doing. Things were
as they were and there was no help for
it. He was one of the lucky ones and he
should be content with that.

  Most of the time he was content. But
now and again there would come the
small sharp doubts, the creeping sense
of guilt.

  If only Torin had not come aboard
the ship to die!

  He needed to talk to Edri. He needed
to ease his mind, to get things straight
with himself, and he knew that Edri
would understand.

  He was glad when they started the
long haul back to Llyrdis. He discovered
that, much as he wanted to see Edri, he
wanted even more to see Shairn. He
wondered if she had forgotten him by
now or if she would be waiting when
the Saarga landed.

  The voyage back seemed to take a
million years. And Yann was always
there, a constant reminder to Trehearne
that there was someone else he had to
see on Llyrdis.

  The Saarga made her worldfall at last
under the tawny-red glare of Aldebaran.
Trehearne watched the golden planet
rush and grow toward the ship. He
cheered with the others at the first sight
of home and did not think it odd that
he should strain as eagerly as they to
see the familiar towers of the city rising
out of the mountain-girdled plain.
THE STARMEN OF LLYRDIS	47

  The freighter found her dock and wal-
lowed into it.

  Joris was on hand to watch his ship
come in. He had been in contact with
the Saarga by the ultra-wave radio and
now he boarded her before her ports
were fairly open. The skipper had given
him good news of the venture and he was
in jovial spirits, clapping shoulders all
around, peering at manifests, firing
questions, demanding to know how Tre-
hearne had acquitted himself.

  “A good voyage, eh?” he cried. “Well,
any voyage through the Cluster is a
good one if someone doesn’t get killed!”

  Trehearne said bitterly, “Someone
did.”

  Joris stared at him, uncomprehend-
ing.

  “Oh, not one of the crew. A native
boy, crazy to fly the stars. He stowed
away.”

  All the light went out of Joris’ face,
leaving it bleak. It was a long time be-
fore he spoke and then it was only to
make a routine statement about the ship.
He seemed to have lost all his joy in it.
Trehearne was surprised at the impact
that those few words about a nameless
boy had had on the old man.

  Joris left soon after. He told Tre-
hearne, “I’ll see you in a day or so. Mean-
while I think Shairn is waiting for you
at the sector gate.” He spoke as though
his mind were not really on what he was
saying.

  He turned away, then hesitated and
asked, “How old was that boy, Tre-
hearne?”

  “About sixteen.”

JORIS nodded. He walked away across
the apron as though he carried on
his massive shoulders some heavy bur-
den that weighed them down.

  Trehearne signed over his manifests
to the port official in charge of unload-
ing and went in search of Shairn.

  She stood outside the great barred
gate, watching for him. She was just
as beautiful as he remembered. He
caught her in his arms and kissed her
and her lips were just as he remembered
them.

  He said, “You haven’t forgotten me
then?”

  “No. Did you expect me to?”

  “I wouldn’t have been surprised.”
She laughed—the sweet familiar
laughter spiced with mockery. “You’re
a wise man.” She cocked her head back
and studied him. “You’ve changed.
You’ve got so brown and hard and—
older. I think I like you even better now.
But I’ll have to learn to know you all
over again.”

  She pulled him toward the long, sleek:
vehicle that waited. “It will be nice,'’
she said, “this getting acquainted*
again!”

  A broad road took them northward1
along the coast, away from the clamor-
ing spaceport and the city. Cliffs began
to rise from the golden sea, wild and
rocky. Trehearne had been this way be-*
fore and now he saw nothing but Shairn.

  She asked suddenly, “Where did yo«.
get that?”

  His sleeve had fallen back and diet
was looking at the scars on his wrist.

  “Someone set the hounds on me,” Tre-i
hearne answered indifferently. Then,,
“By the way, how is Kerrel?”

  “I haven’t seen him. He’s not in the*
city.” She glanced at the scars again,,
“How did he work it?”

  “How did who work what?”

  “Oh, stop trying to be subtle! I was*
pretty sure that Kerrel would arrange
something for that voyage. He’s not a,
man who takes his defeats lightly.”
Trehearne told her briefly the story,
of Yann and the hounds. He finished, “I!
want to see Kerrel.”

  “You will!” Shairn’s eyes sparkled.
“And I want to be there when you do!”
The car swung around a curve, where
a great crag jutted out from the sea,
backed by a mountain wall. On it, seem-
ing as proud and enduring as the rock,,
was built a tower faced all in silvery!
metal.

  The wind and the spray beat upon it,,
the wild things of the ocean sky nested'
at its feet, yet its tall windows looked
over the distant city and counted every
ship that came and went from the
sprawling port. Trehearne had been-
48	STARTLING

here before too. It was Shairn’s ances-
tral home, built by generations of Vard-
da men and women, reaching out with
strong hands to grasp the stars—the
Silver Tower which gave her her name.

  Inside it was Trehearne who led the
way to the long gallery looking to the
west, a place of cool pastels that tem-
pered the molten glory of the sea. For a
time, with Shairn, he forgot about Ker-
rel and Torin and all the things that
preyed upon his mind. He only knew
that it was very good to be here again.

  It was evening when he was again
reminded of them. They were still sit-
ting in the gallery, sipping the sharp,
cold wines, and Shairn said, “Are you
happy, Michael?”

  He remembered another time when
she had asked that question—the night
that Edri had walked away alone down
the avenue of trees. He remembered
Edri crying out in the dark against in-
justice and instantly the old restlessness
was back upon him.

  “Yes,” he said. “Yes, I’m happy.” He
turned the wine-glass in his hands,
brooding. “Shairn, could you get Edri
out here? I’d like to see him.”

  He felt her stiffen and draw away
and he thought that she was angry with
him. He went on, “It doesn’t have to be
now. Tomorrow’s time enough. But I—
well, I want to talk to him.”

  “You’re fond of Edri, aren’t you?”
  “He was a good friend to me.”

  “Yes—and to me.” She turned around.
“You might as well know now as later.
Edri was arrested a month ago.”
Trehearne sprang up. “Arrested?”
“Yes. They sentenced him yestorday.
Exile to Thuvis—for the rest of his nat-
ural life.”

        CHAPTER XI
        Fateful Decision

FOR a moment Trehearne stood still
like a man stunned. Thmis—for
the rest of his natural life!

 STORIES

  “No,” he said. “Not Edri. There must
be some mistake.”

  Shairn shook her head. “I wish there
were but there isn’t. Edri is an Orthist,
caught, confessed and convicted. He was
unable even to offer a defense.”

She turned away from him. “I don’t
like it either. But Edri knew what he
was doing. He brought this on himself.”
Trehearne asked, “What happened?”
“You remember that night in the wine
garden when Kerrel spoke of a man
named Arrin who had been arrested?”
“Yes. He was a friend of Edri’s.”
“Well, they couldn’t find Arrin’s pa-
pers. They wanted them very badly. It
seemed that Arrin had found some clue
to the course of Orthis’ ship, on that last
voyage when it was lost, and had been
making calculations.”

  She paused, then added grimly, “Ker-
rel got the idea that Edri h^d those
papers.”

  Trehearne’s yellow eyes took on a
peculiarly evil glint. “Then Kerrel was
at the bottom of this?”

  “That’s why he retired to his estate
for a while. He’s not very popular just
now. Everybody liked Edri. They don’t
approve of his ideas but Kerrel went
about it in such an underhanded way,
setting spies on Edri and digging pits
for him to fall into. He’s told all over
just how cleverly he did it. Now he’s got
himself appointed as an agent of the
Council on the strength of it. Well, he
did his duty. Edri had the papers, all
right, and more of his own.”

  Trehearne groaned. “The idealistic
fool! Why wasn’t he satisfied to be a
Vardda himself, without worrying about
the rest of the galaxy!”

  Shairn seemed relieved. Then, “That’s
what I said! But knowing your friend-
ship for Edri I was afraid you'd lose
your head when you heard.”

  She went on quickly. “I know you’ll
have a reckoning with Kerrel over this
and your own score. But you’ll have to
be careful and clever since he’s now a
Council ag£nt. I can help you—”

  But Shairn’s voice faded out of Tre-
hearne’s hearing, except for that one
phrase.
THE STARMEN OF LLYRDIS

 "—knowing your friendship for

Edri—”

 Yes, Edri had been his friend. He
was sorry for Edri. But should he let
friendship be a chain to drag him back
down from all that he had dreamed and
desired and finally achieved?

 No! He would not let himself be
trapped by friendship and by pity! He
had been merely indulging in emotion-
alism, to sympathize as he had with the
non-Vardda peoples’ hunger for star-
freedom, to remember as he had the
hopeless longing in their eyes, to brood
as he had over the dying of Torin.

  A sick fatal foreboding grew in Tre-
hearne as he realized the decision shap-
ing in his mind. He knew that it was
shaped by emotion, not by reason, and
he felt a savage contempt for his own
weakness.

 He spoke, interrupting Shairn. “I’m
sorry, Shairn, I was thinking. And I
think I’ve got to try to help Edri.”

  She stopped, looking at him with wide
steady eyes. Then, rapidly, “Michael!
Don’t be a fool!”

  He smiled mirthlessly. “That’s what
I’ve been telling myself. But it doesn’t
work. It seems that I’m determined to
be a fool.”

  “You’re taking it too tragically! After
all, Edri’s not going to be executed.”
Remembering Edri’s words about the
fate of Arrin, Trehearne answered, “I
think he’d almost prefer that. Exiled to
a remote star, never to fly again, noth-
ing to do but sit and wait for death—
no!”

  “But there’s nothing you can do,
Michael! He’s convicted, sentenced.
They’re taking him off tonight. So
there’s an end to it.”

  Trehearne rose to his feet. “I’m going
back to the city, Chairn.”

  “For what?”

  “I’m going to try to get him away.”

SHE understood then the full depth
and danger of his thinking. She
caught him fiercely by the arm.

  “Are you going to throw away every-
thing you’ve worked so hard to get for

[Turn page]

GREAT WAY to start your day! A few drops of
‘Vaseline’ Hair Tonic each morning check loose
dandruff and those other annoying signs of Dry
Scalp . . . give your hair that handsome, natural
look. Contains no alcohol or other drying ingre-
dients ; j and it’s economical, too!

Vaseline HAIRTONIC

  W*D« HARK ®

VASELINE is the reaistercd trade mark of the Cbesebrougli Mfg. Co., Con'd

Listen to DR. CHRISTIAN,
(tarring JEAN HeRSHOLT.
on CBS Wednesday night*.
50	STARTLING STORIES

nothing? Remember, Edri’s a traitor.
No matter how good a friend he was to
both of us he's a traitor and deserves his
punishment.”

  “That’s how you feel, is it?”

  “Is there any other way I could feel?
You know what the Orthists are as well
as I do.”

  He said quietly, “I’m not sure I do.
Perhaps you’d better tell me.”

  “They’re destroyers. They want to
ruin Llyrdis, the Vardda trade, every-
thing as it is now.” Her passionate voice
took in the star-trails, the swift ships
flying, the Vardda pride of race and
achievement.

  “Orthis had his laboratory in his ship.
The secret of the Vardda mutation is
there. They want to find that ship. They
want to find the secret in it and spread
it all across the Galaxy.”

  “Would it be so terrible,” asked Tre-
hearne, “if others should have the abil-
ity to fly between the stars?”

  She looked at him as though he had
spoken blasphemy. He added, “Except,
of course, that it would wreck the Vard-
da monopoly.”

  “That sounds very strange, coming
from you,” she said bitterly. “You, the
outsider, who fought so hard to be a
part of the monopoly. It looked pretty
good to you then after thirty-three years
of crawling in the mud of Earth!”

  “I’ve seen more of it now. I’ve seen
a boy die because of it. I don’t think I
like it any longer.”

  ‘‘You don't like it?” Her voice was
low and passionate. “You! And what do
you know about it 1 We earned the right
to what we have. We were the first—
first of all the races of the Galaxy to
go into interstellar space.

  “And we did it without mutation,
without anything! Four generations
that first voyage took. Four generations
of children born in deep space, in a little
ship crawling between the stars! No one
else ever did that. No one else ever
dared!

  “And as for our wicked monopoly—
it keeps the peace of the Galaxy. It keeps
worlds alive that would have died. It
brings wealth and comfort where they

never were before. But you don’t like it
and so it must be destroyed!”

  She stopped for breath and then she
whispered, “You make me ashamed that

I	have loved you!”

  She turned from him and went swift-
ly along the gallery. There was a pur-
pose about the way she did it that m*de
Trehearne uneasy. He followed her and
found her at the visiphone. The screen
was already brightening.

  She looked at him with blazing eyes.
“I fought once to get you into Llyrdis.
Now I’ll undo that mistake!”

HE struck her away from the instru-
ment and closed the switch. She
was on him then like a cat, clawing him,
calling him mongrel and freak and
worse names, raging at his ingratitude.
She was hard to hold but he held her and
she could reach neither the visiphone
nor the bell to call her servants.

  He held her, and she laughed her
mocking laugh at him. “All right. Go on,
then. Go and make a fool of yourself,
trying to free Edri. See how far you get.
And remember that it’s bad enough for
a Vardda born to betray his people but
for you—”

  He held her a moment longer, swal-
lowing his own rage, thinking. He could
not let her go. The moment he left she
would send out the alarm, denounce him
to the Council, put an end both to his
own freedom and to any remote hope he
might have of saving Edri.

  It took him only a few seconds to de-
cide. In the mood he was in it was not
difficult to strike the necessary caft^f ully-
calculated blow.

  He carried her out to the car in his
arms. If any of the servants were watch-
ing it would look very sweet, very ro-
mantic, her dark head on his shoulder,
her arms around his neck. They would
not be able to see that her wrists were
tied.

  He put her down gently in the padded
seat. She did not stir. There was the
shadow of a bruise already forming on
her chin. He got in beside her and sent
the car humming down the wide road
that led to the city.
THE STARMEN OF LLYRDIS

51

WHEN he was far enough away
from the tower he stopped. He
bound Shairn securely with strips torn
from her own garments, taking especial
care with the gag. He arranged her on
the floor as comfortably as he could, out
of sight. Then he drove on and did not
stop again until he reached the space-
port.

 The lights were still on in the office
of Joris. Probably he would stay late
tonight, to oversee the business of tak-
ing Edri away in the prison ship. Tre-
hearne felt guilty about Joris, almost as
though he were betraying his own
father. The old man had been good to
him.

 Shairn seemed to be safely uncon-
scious. Trehearne left the car where he
thought it would be least likely to attract
attention and went into the Administra-
tion Building. He had only the vague
beginnings of a plan in his mind but
whatever he did it would have to start
here.

 The roar and bustle of the spaceport
were not diminished by darkness. Some
of the Vardda officers he knew. They
hailed him as he passed them in the cor-
ridors, congratulating him on his voy-
age, asking him when he was going out
again. Trehearne almost faltered then,
thinking what a fool he was to give up
all this for an idle hope. And then he
remembered Edri and went on. Edri
had done his best for him when he
needed it. It seemed that he could not
do less for Edri.

 The lift took him up to the high room
that was like the bridge of a starship
that would never fly. Joris was there.
He was quite alone. He had been drink-
ing for some time but he was not drunk.
He looked up when Trehearne came in
and his eyes were heavy and rimmed
with red.

 “What do you want?” he said.

 “A favor.”

 “Another time, Trehearne. Get out.
Get the hell out.”

 “Another time won’t do.” Trehearne
leaned over the table. “They’re taking
Edri out for Thuvis tonight. I want to
say goodbye to him, Joris. That's all,

just a word before he goes. Tell me what
ship it is and where—or if you can’t
do that tell me what sector and I’ll see
him outside the gate.”

  “That’s right,” said Joris. “You’re a
friend of Edri’s.” He reached for the
wine bottle. There was an empty one
beside it and another on the floor. “How
good a friend, Trehearne? That’s what
I’d like to know. How good a friend?”
His bloodshot gaze was sharp and
very shrewd.

  Trehearne said angrily, “You know
I’m not mixed up with him. You know
where I've been.”

  “Yes, I know. You've been watching a
young boy die in space. What did you
think when you saw that, Trehearne?
How did you feel?”

  “Let’s not talk about that,” said Tre-
hearne harshly. “Tell me where I can
see Edri and when. That isn’t much to
ask, Joris, just a minute to say good-
bye.”

  “A boy sixteen,” whispered Joris,
“full of hope, full of longing, proud of
his strength. ... I ought to hate you,
Trehearne. You’re not even half Vardda
in the ordinary way and yet you can fly
the stars.”

  He filled his glass again and emptied
it. His hands were steady. He was
neither drunk nor maudlin. And yet
there were tears in his eyes. Trehearne
saw them and was somehow shocked.
It did not seem possible that Joris could
weep.

  “Joris,” he said gently, “forget about
the boy. Let me see Edri.”

  Again the red-rimmed leaden gaze
locked with his, weighing, measuring.
“I like you, Trehearne. So I’ll tell you
again. Get out. Go away. Forget you
ever came here.”

  Trehearne did not move. Abruptly
Joris picked up the empty bottle and
flung it, not at him but near him. “Get
out, you fool! I’m giving you a chance
to go!"

  There was nothing to do but obey.
Trehearne moved toward the door,
thinking angrily that he would have to
risk the sector map in Operations. He
stretched out his hand to the latch and
52	STARTLING STORIES

the door opened under it fast and he
was looking straight into the prism lens
of a shock tube, held by a tall spaceport
guard. Shairn was beside the guard.
The guard said, “Back up.”
Trehearne backed. He looked at
Shairn. “I should have clipped you again
to make sure.”

  “You should. I got my feet loose quite
easily. This silk is pretty flimsy stuff.”
She walked past him toward Joris. The
guard came in and closed the door, set-
ting his back against it.

  Joris demanded, “What’s all this
about?”

  “I found her out by the gate,” the
guard said. “She was gagged and her
hands were tied.”

  “Trehearne,” said Shairn to Joris.
“He’s an Orthist. He came here to help
Edri escape.”

  “Did he!” said Joris. “Did he now!”
He looked at Trehearne. “You stand
where you are. Don’t try anything.” He
reached into a drawer of the table and
covered him with the lens of another
tube.

  “An Orthist, eh?” he said softly. He
began to laugh.

CHAPTER XII
The Fight at the Spaceport

SHAIRN sat down on the edge of
Joris’ table. She smiled at Tre-
hearne and in this moment he hated her.
He looked from Joris to the guard and
back again and did nothing. There was
nothing then that he could do.

  “Would you have believed it of him,
Joris?” said Shairn. “Would you have
thought that he could turn on us after
all we did for him ?”

  Joris leaned back in his chair.
“Shairn,” he said, “I’m sorry it had to
be this way.”

  “Yes,” she answered, and then added
bitterly. “Kerrel was right about him,
after all.”

  Joris said, “That isn’t what I mean.”

  Something in his tone made Shairn
turn and look at him. He went on. "I’m
sorry you got yourself into this. You’re
only doing what you believe to be right.
But so is Trehearne. So am I.”

  He dropped his bombshell so quietly
that for a moment neither Shairn nor
Trehearne could quite believe that they
had understood him.

  Shairn got up off the edge of the table.
She backed away, her eyes fixed on Joris
in horrified incredulity. “You, Joris!
You an Orthist!” Her tone made the
words a denial.

  But Joris nodded and said, “Yes.”
Abruptly, Trehearne laughed. Shairn
swung around. “You heard?” she said
to the guard. “Arrest Joris!”

  The guard shook his head and smiled.
“Hardly. I’m Joris' man.”

  It was Shairn’s turn now to stand
like a trapped thing, searching for es-
cape and not finding it.

  Trehearne said, “May I move now?”
His voice was a bit shaky with relief.

  Joris grinned. “I didn’t want you
throwing yourself around. Somebody
might have got hurt. Yes, you can
move.”

  Shairn burst out, “I can’t understand
this, Joris! You, of all people—it’s
insane!”

  “Perhaps. But I think Trehearne
would understand.” He scowled at his
own hands, brooding, and then he said,
"It doesn’t matter who knows now. I did
the forbidden thing. I married a woman
of another world, a non-Vardda. I had
a son. He wanted to fly the stars. He
used to beg me to take him aboard my
ship.

  “After all, he was my son, half-
Vardda. He thought he could do it. He
hid himself away in my cabin and—the
Vardda blood had not bred true in him.”
He glanced briefly at Trehearne. “He
was not quite eighteen. I never flew
another voyage after that”

  He got up, kicking the empty bottle
away. “I guess that was why I first gave
Trehearne his chance. It seemed to make
up in a way for—”

  He broke off abruptly. “Well, that’s
over and done with. We have other
THE STARMEN OF LLYRDIS	53

things to think about and not much
time to do them in. Trehearne, you’ve
upset my plans rather badly by fetch-
ing in Miss Spitfire here.”

  “It wasn’t intentional.” He went to
Joris. “Is it true then? You’re going
to get Edri free ?”

  “I’m going to try. You see, this is a
thing I could only do once. I’ve had
to sit here for years, watching more
than one good man go out to Thuvis,
waiting—waiting for the time when I
could make my action really count. Now
it’s here.” He turned and glowered at
Shairn. “The main question is—what
are we going to do with you?”

  She answered him angrily and with-
out fear. “Whatever you do you’ll live
to regret it!”

  “H’m,” said Joris. “Tie her up again,
Trehearne.”

 He did so with immense pleasure.
This time he used stouter bonds and
took extra pains with the knots.

 Joris paced up and down, thinking
hard. “I hate to say this but there’s only
one place I know of where there’s no
danger of her being found before we’re
gone. And that’s aboard the ship.”

  The guard said, “There won’t be any
time to get her off again.”

  “I know it,” said Joris grimly. “So it
looks as though we'll have an extra pas-
senger.”

  Trehearne had finished with the gag.
He looked at Shairn. Her eyes burned
and her face was white above the cloth.

  Joris threw his cloak over her. “Take
her down in my private lift,” he told the
guard. “The sector has already been
cleared, so you won’t have any trouble
there. Get her aboard and make damned
sure she’s locked in.”

THE guard nodded. He picked up the
cloak-wrapped bundle and put it
over his shoulder. The buzzer of the
visiphone made a sudden jarring sound.
Joris motioned the man to hurry, waited
until he was gone before answering.
Trehearne pressed himself back against
the wall, out of range of the screen.

 Kerrel’s voice said, “Joris—we’re
bringing Edri down in exactly fifteen

minutes. Is everything ready?”

  Joris nodded. “The sector is cleared,
the guards are posted and the ship is
ready for take-off.”

  “Good. There’s a good bit of feeling
about this business and we don’t want
any trouble.”

  “I’ve seen to it,” Joris told him.

  The screen went dark. “The swine!”
said Joris. “He’s only doing what he be-
lieves is right but he’s so bloody smug
about it. Agent of the Council! Bah!”
Unexpectedly he caught Trehearne’s
shoulders in a bearlike grip that nearly
broke them.

  “I'm glad you’re with us. Are you
armed ?”

  “Yes.”

  “Come on, then. This is the end of
my waiting. I’m going back to space,
Trehearne! I’m going to do the things

I	knew I'd have to do some day after I
watched my son die. Come on then—
move!”

  They went down in the tiny private
lift and out of the building to a guarded
sector where the lights burned brightly
over silent ships, where there were no
swarming mobs of non-Vardda work-
men, no clatter of machinery and whiz-
zing of busy trams, only the deserted
aprons of the great docks and the empty
spaces between them.

  As they went Joris told Trehearne
what he had to do. “Only the guards at
the gate, and the four who will pick
up Kerrel’s men when they come
through belong to me. The others, we
hope, will be too far away to interfere.
But we’ll have no time to linger.”
“Where is the prison ship?”

  “I spotted that at the far end of the
sector. And they’ll find its generators
shot when they try to follow us. The
Orthists are strong among the non-
Vardda. The mechanics were glad to
do that little job for me!”

  Joris spoke briefly to the guards
about Trehearne. They nodded a wel-
come. “In about ten minutes,” Joris said.
“Is the girl aboard?”

  “All secure, sir.”

  “Good. Come along, Trehearne.” He
led the way past two of the towering:
54	STARTLING STORIES

docks. By the time they reached the
third they were out of sight and hearing
of the gate. In this third dock was a
long rakish starship, lightless and silent,
all hatches closed except the port.

  “The Mirzim, the ship we’re taking,”
said Joris. “A long-distance light trader,
built for speed. Well, we’ll need that. It
belongs, by the way, to a good friend of
mine. He’ll have to collect from the two
good cargo-ships I’m leaving behind.”
He added, “The crew’s waiting in-
side now. Only a half-crew really—not
many navigators and technicians are
dependable Orthists.”

  He stationed Trehearne in the shad-
ows under the corner of the apron.
“We’ll jump them right here. Try not
to kill anyone. As soon as Edri is free
make for the Mirzim"

  “Right.” Trehearne settled back into
the patch of darkness, hidden from any-
one walking past in the areaway. He
held his shock tube ready in his hand.
Joris was already gone, heading back
to the gate.

  Trehearne listened to the sounds of
the spaceport. The sharp smell of the
sea was in the wind, and in the distance
he could see the shining towers of the
city. He thought that this was probably
the last time he would ever see Llyrdis.

  He knew a stabbing pang of regret.
And then, coming from the direction of
the gate, he heard the rhythmic tramp
of perhaps a dozen men, moving at a
brisk pace toward him. He was glad
that the wait was no longer.

  He did not move but his body quiv-
ered, settling itself.

  There was Joris, walking first with
Kerrel. There were four men without
uniforms. There was a fifth man and
beside him Edri, with his right wrist
linked to the man’s left. There were four
more men without uniforms, then four
of Joris’ guards.

  The head of the little column passed
the corner of the third dock. The four
guards broke rank and pulled out their
shock tubes, aiming the pallid beams at
an angle to avoid hitting Edri.

  Trehearne sprang out and joined
them.

  Three of Kerrel’s men went down
on that first assault. Two were uncon-
scious but one could still use his shock-
er. Joris had caught Kerrel unawares
and knocked him down with nothing
more than his great hammer of a fist.
He pulled out his own weapon then
and waded in.

  A vicious dogfight began, swirling
around with Edri as its center. Edri
grappled with his guard and they fell,
both struggling, both hampered by tbe
fetters.

BOTH sides quit using the shockers.
The fighting was too close for that,
a small blundering nasty mel6e of fists
and feet, men stumbling over each
other, hitting the wrong people in their
haste, going down, getting up again,
shouting for help, swearing, astonished,
furious.

  Trehearne, trying to get to Edri,
smashed one man solidly in the face and
sent another staggering. Then he was
tripped and was kicked as he went down.
He found himself sprawling on top of
Edri, who grunted and struck at him,
then said, “Oh, it’s you. The key is in
his belt.”

  Trehearne chopped down with his
fist. The man’s head rang on the con-
crete. He lay still and Trehearne found
the key.

  A heavy weight descended on him
from behind, grinding his face into the
cement. The hand that held the key
was pinioned in an iron grip. He
thrashed about, trying to unseat his at-
tacker and in the meantime Edri had
grabbed his hand as well, wrenching
and clawing with a single-minded deter-
mination to have the key.

  He got it. Trehearne managed to get
his knees under him and roll. He saw
Kerrel’s face close to his. In a second
the two men had each other by the
throat.

  They strained together, breast to
breast, like two lovers, kicked and
trampled by the feet of other men, ob-
livious. Edri got free and rose. He would
have struck Kerrel but Trehearne
gasped, “No! I’ll handle him!”
THE STARMEN OF LLYRDIS	55

 Kerrel smiled, an anguished baring
of the teeth. His thumbs bit hard into
Trehearne’s neck.

  Trehearne let go of Kerrel’s throat.
He bunched his two fists together and
struck upward. Kerrel’s head snapped
back. His hands loosened. Trehearne
tore them away. He threw himself on
top of Kerrel. He hit him hard in the
face until Kerrel’s head rolled like the
head of a dead man.

 Hands grasped him and tried to drag
him away. He shook them off. Kerrel
moaned and turned on his side. Tre-
hearne kicked him with his sandalled
feet. “That's for Yann,” he grunted.
“That's for the hounds and for Torin.”
A voice roared at him. “Leave it,
damn you! Leave it!” A very strong
arm thrust him aside. He recognized
Joris. There were distant sounds of
shouting, coming closer. Kerrel’s men
were down or scattered. Their own men
were running for the Mirzim, dragging
with them several who were stunned
or partly paralyzed. Edri, with a bleed-
ing face, was capering joyously and
yelling at him to hurry.

  Trehearne shook his head to clear it.
He ran beside Joris, stumbling up the
metal stair to the apron. He was the last
one through the port. Joris hauled down
a lever, and the port closed and locked
itself automatically with a squeal of
compressed air.

 Instantly the lights went on. The
great generators jarred to life. Joris
strode heavily down the long corridor
to the bridge with Trehearne at his
heels. There was another man sitting
there but Joris took over the pilot chair.

 Trehearne waited tensely but Joris
did not touch the controls. He merely
sat there, inspecting his bruised fists.

  “What the hell are you waiting for?”
Trehearne cried. “We’ve only got a few
moments at most!”

  Joris looked at him stolidly. “We’ve
only got one life too. We can throw it
away by starting at the wrong moment
and colliding with incoming ships. I
know the dispatch-schedules. Wait.”
Trehearne waited. He could not hear
inside the ship but he knew that by now

 alarms must be shrilling all over the
spaceport.

  It was mad to wait. It was craven
surrender. Better to run any risk of
suicidal collision than to wait. . . .

  And still Joris waited, an eye cocked
on the chronometers, until through the
window Trehoarne saw lights flashing
up outside and men running. And then
he overheard the loom of a great ship
descending fast.

  Joris grunted, suddenly punched the
controls. “Hang on!”

  The Mirzim went up in a screaming
arc that crumpled Trehearne to the
deck. He clung to a stanchion and
prayed that Joris had not lost his skill.

  He had not. Even the Vardda flesh
had limits. So did metal and the bones
of ships. Joris knew to the fraction ex-
actly how much they could stand. The
course had already been calculated. He
cleared the system, found his coordi-
nates, then hammered the signal relays
to the generator rooms.

  The whine of the generators rose and
the needle on the acceleration master
dial rose with it. Trehearne watched it
with bulging eyes, gasping under the
pressure, barely restrained an impulse
to scream. The second officer was clutch-
ing his chair, his face white.

  Joris watched the dial. At the precise
instant he punched the relay bars again.
The needle ceased to blur in its frantic
ascent, climbing now with a decent
deliberation.

  Joris turned around. He looked at his
companions and shook with laughter.
He had, for the first time since Tre-
hearne had known him, the face of a
completely happy man.

  Trehearne staggered up. He got out
a handkerchief and wiped his face.
There was blood on it as well as sweat.
“Well,” he said. “We’re off. But if you
don’t mind telling me now, Joris—
where the devil are we off to?”

  “H’m,” said Joris. “This may seem a
little peculiar to you in view of all the
circumstances—”

  He roared again with hearty mirth.
“I’ll tell you Trehearne. We’re off t9
Thuvis!"
36	STARTLING STORIES

CHAPTER XIII
Bitter Planet

TREHEARNE stared at Joris. A
small trickle of blood ran from his
nose down over his lip. He forgot to
wipe it away.

  “You’re joking,” he said.

  “Not at all.” It was Edri who an-
swered. He had come into the bridge
behind Trehearne. He cried good-na-
turedly, “Blast you, Joris, what are you
trying to do—kill us all before we get
started ?”

  “They’ll be after us soon enough,”
said Joris. "We need all the edge we can
get.”

  Trehearne demanded, “Why are we
going to Thuvis?”

  “Partly,” said Edri soberly, “to res-
cue the men who are rotting away out
there. But chiefly because we must have
Arrin. You see, Trehearne, he was ar-
rested before he could finish his calcula-
tions. When I tried to carry on I added
a good bit of my own material—but the
missing factor isn’t there. Arrin has it.
He must have or he couldn’t have gone
as far as he did. Now if we put our
knowledge together—”

  Edri sighed. “It's been a long, long
fight. A thousand years of piecing to-
gether lie and legend and hearsay, of
hunting down scraps of letters and
secret reports, of dredging through
tons of irrelevant nonsense in search of
one little bit of truth.

  “The Vardda authorities of that day
suppressed or destroyed all evidence
connected with that last voyage of
Orthis. They did their work well. Until
now no one has even known in what
general sector of the Galaxy the pur-
suit took place.

  “Yes, a long fight. And if we’re wrong
it means the end of hope in our genera-
tion. Others will have to begin the
search all over again.”

  It seemed a cruel question to ask but
Trehearne could not keep from it.

  “Is there any proof that Orthis’ ship
still exists at all?”

  “No. We only know that it was not
destroyed at the time that Orthis out-
ran his pursuers and disappeared. Long
afterward one of the life-skiffs of his
ship was picked up in space. He had
known it could only be picked up by his
enemies, so there was nothing inside it
but a message painted large on the walls
—You have not destroyed me. The peo-
ples of the Galaxy shall yet be given the
freedom, of the stars!

  Trehearne shook his head. “Orthis
must have been quite a man.”

  “He was,” said Joris. “A true man
of the stars. He was born in deep space
between Aldebaran and the little yellow
sun that is our nearest neighbor. He was
one of the last of the four generations
of men and women who made the first
x*ound-trip voyage of all time into inter-
stellar space.”

  Edri nodded, “He was only twenty
when the ship returned to Llyrdis but
spending his whole life in space had
made him strange. He could not endure
to be planet-bound. He built his labora-
tory ship and worked in it, almost alone,
for another fifteen years and then an-
nounced his great discovery—the muta-
tion, the birth of Galactic Man.

  “He never gave out the whole secret
of his process. He said it was too dan-
gerous in untrained hands. He built the
whole apparatus himself and handled
it himself and sowed with his own
hands the seed of the Vardda race that
would flower in the next generation.

  “He was revered almost as a demigod,
at first. But there were the other planets
of Aldebaran. There were the worlds of
the neighboring yellow sun, inhabited
by peoples of a high culture. Orthis
assumed that they too were going to be
included in the great new future of
star-travel—they and all other star-
worlds truly civilized enough to be
worthy of it.

  “Well, there were objections to that.
Chiefest and soundest of them was the
fear of terrible interstellar wars. Two
parties sprang up and fiercely argued
the question. Orthis’ laboratory ship
THE STARMEN OF LLYRDIS	57

was impounded and he himself was kept
virtually a prisoner for many years. In
the end his cause was defeated and his
ship ordered destroyed.

 “Orthis succeeded in escaping with
his party’s help. He got his ship away.
It looked as though he would be vic-
torious after all. But by this time the
new Vardda race had begun to flourish
and some of them were old enough to
fly. So these young wolves, believing in-
tensely in their right, haled out after
the old man, who clung just as intensely
to his own beliefs.

 “He was undoubtedly able to endure
ultra-speeds himself, for it was a long
and bitter chase. They partially disabled
his ship but even so he managed to elude
them. There was no ultra-wave radar or
radio in those early days and after all he
had cut his teeth on the stars. They
lost him. And that was the end of Orthis
and his ship. Except for the life-skifFs
message he was never heard of again.”
Edri paused, then added, “Do you
wonder that we venerate such a man?”
“I think,” said Trehearne slowly,
“that you have his kind of courage.”
“Maybe.” Edri laughed. “I do know I
have a most colossal thirst. You didn’t
forget the wine stores, Joris?”

  “The gods forbid!”

  “Let's go and drink.” Edri took Tre-
hearne’s arm. “And you can tell me a
story—where you came from and what
in blazes you’re doing here!”

  “No,” said Trehearne, without relish.
“I think I’d better see about Shairn.”
Edri’s jaw dropped. “Shairn?”

 “Yes, unfortunately—Shairn.” He ex-
plained rapidly how the extra passenger
came aboard.

EDRI said some low, hard words.
“That isn’t going to help matters
one little bit. We can hardly leave her
on Thuvis and we can’t stop anywhere
else.”

  “It couldn’t be helped,” growled Joris.
“No. Well, I think I'll go with you,
Trehearne. I don’t believe you’d be safe
alone!”

  They found her, locked in an officer’s
cabin for which, on this short-handed

trip, there was no officer. She was still
bound and gagged. From the look she
gave them Trehearne thought she
would have killed them both if she had
the power.

  He freed her. She sat up on the bunk,
rubbing her wrists. Two red marks
ran from the corners of her mouth
across her white cheeks where the gag
had rubbed. It gave her a comical ex-
pression, like the mask of a clown.
There was nothing comical about her
eyes.

  She did not speak.

  Trehearne said awkwardly, “Shairn,
I’m sorry about all this. But you might
as well make the best of it now you’re
here.”

  Still she did not speak. She only sat
and looked at him.

  Edri said, “Come on, Shairn. A glass
of wine will do you good.”

  She ignored him. Silence and the
green deadly eyes, fixed on Trehearne.

  He went to her and put his hand on
her shoulder. "Be reasonable, Shairn.
I know how you feel but none of it was
done with intent. And we’re all your
friends, whether you agree with us or
not.”

  He jerked back but not quite in time.
Her claws raked his cheek. He stepped
away. She sat motionless and said not
one word.

  Trehearne swung on his heel and
went out. Edri came after him, and
locked the door. “Perhaps Joris can talk
to her,” he said. His tone did not hold
much hope.

  “Oh, she’ll come out of it,” said Tre-
hearne. “Nobody can stay that mad for-
ever.”

  Edri shook his head. “I’ve known her
longer than you have. I wouldn’t count
on it.”

 The intercom boomed over their
heads—Joris calling from the bridge.

  “Edri—will you and Trehearne step
up here? The bad news is starting to
come in.”

  Communications was just abaft the
bridge. Joris had relinquished the con-
trols to the Second and was standing
in the cramped space behind the opera-
58	STARTLING STORIES

tor, listening intently to the thin metal-
lic voice that came from the ultra-wave
receiver.

  “Channel One—Alert. All ships in
Sector M29 . . . request radar confirma-
tion on ship believed on course as fol-
lows . .

  “Port radar base would have got our
coordinates at take-off, of course,” said
Joris. “They’re just making sure.”

  “Listen,” said Edri.

  The metallic voice finished repeating
the coordinates. It went on. “All ships
xoiU identify immediately when chal-
lenged. All ships will identify . . .”

  “Cruisers,” said Edri.

  Joris frowned. “They could man at
least one in a hurry. I told you we’d
need a head start”

  He returned to the bridge to inspect
the dials and order the generators
stepped up.

  “We’ll have to reach acceleration
peak in half the normal time or we
might as well have stayed on Llyrdis.
I’m going to see what radar has turned
up.”

  Trehearne followed along, brooding
on the subject of cruisers. The Vardda
had no warships, being in the enviable
position of having no use for them. But
the Council maintained a small fleet of
armed craft with maximum velocities
considerably above those of the slower
cargo ships, for the purpose of keeping
down occasional outbursts of illegal
trading among the Vardda themselves.

  The three-dimensional radar screens
showed the normal number of tiny red
sparks—the faster-than-light energy
impulses of ships’ generators. Joris
scanned them with a practiced eye.

  “Nothing to bother us yet. Too early
to tell—the sector immediately behind
us is too crowded with shipping from
the port.” He turned to the technician.
"Keep a damn sharp lookout astern. Call
me the minute you see anything unusual.
You’re on a twelve-hour shift and I’ll
arrange for your relief.”

  Relief was a problem on that voyage.
No one got much of it. They had slightly
over half the number of men required
lor a full crew under normal circum-

stances and some of them were not
trained technicians. Trehearne found
himself doing one eight-hour trick on
the bridge, calling out dial readings, and
another in Communications. Since,
obviously, there was no sending to be
done he could handle the receiver well
enough.

  Channel One, which was the official,
top-priority voice of the Vardda Council,
continued to request—and get—confir-
mation of their course.

  It was not long before Quorn, their
Communications officer, reported that
radar showed a red spark astern that
seemed to be following their course.

CALCULATING distance by inten-
sity it was possible to judge the
rate of approach. Joris demanded more
thrust from the generators, ignoring the
shuddering agony of the hull and the
equally painful reactions of his men.

  "Until we pick up Arrin,” he said,
"it’s got to be cut and run. Thuvis is the
first place they’ll block off and anything
but a direct course on our part will giv<
them time to do it.”

  They reached their acceleration peak
—maximum stress for the fabric of the
ship. Joris pushed it over. They prayed.

  The observation port began to show
a thinning star-field ahead. Wider and
wider the areas of darkness spread and
the colonies of suns were fewer and
more scattered. The red sparks on the
radar screens dwindled and faded until
only two or three were left—lonely
traders, outbound to these isloated sys-
tems. TTiose—and the single spark that
brightened always astern.

  The hours became a lagging monot-
ony of constant watching, constant
strain. Numb from lack of sleep, Tre-
hearne went mechanically through his
duties, forgot even to worry about what
was going to happen. Yesterday was an
eon ago, tomorrow was lost in nothing-
ness. There was only today and he was
tired.

  It was the same with all of them.
Joris seemed neither more nor less ex-
hausted than the rest and Trehearne
marveled at the old man’s strength.
THE STARMEN OF LLYRDIS	59

  Shairne remained locked in her cabin.
She would not speak to anyone, except
the youngster who brought her food,
then only to voice a curt thanks.

 Ahead the darkness deepened. The
main axis of the Milky Way plane was
“below” them. Beyond the isolated sys-
tems they could glimpse the lightless
gulf of utter emptiness. Its black blank-
ness afflicted Trehearne with a creeping
horror. It was like seeing the primal
Chaos before creation.

  At last a dim red sun was centered in
the field. It began to grow. The radar
screens were empty, save for the one
grim following spark that had become
almost a flame, ominously bright.

  Joris made his calculations and again
they prayed.

  They completed deceleration in a little
less than half the normal time. That
was the period during which no one ate
and only those who had to remained
erect.

  Thuvis hung in the sky before them,
an idiot sun, devouring the last of its
strength and peering with a dull red eye
at the cosmic face of death. It was
circled by a single world.

  “We’ll have to make it fast,” said
Joris harshly. “You be ready, Edri.”

  The Mirzim landed on an arid table-
land swept by bitter winds. Quorn stayed
to maintain his tense vigil at the radar
screens but the rest of them went out,
glad of solid ground if only for a few
minutes.

 The wind-driven dust tore at Tre-
hearne, cutting into his flesh like tiny
cold knives. The sky was dusky at mid-
day but there were few stars. Even at
night there would be few stars here.

  The sullen glare of Thuvis washed
the dusty desert world with red and
where a deep ravine cleft the tableland
the shadows clung like clotted blood.
Trehearne could not think of a place
that more resembled hell.

  Edri had hastened to the lip of the
ravine. Trehearne followed and looked
down. Below the steep sides, below the
ugly screens, was a tangle of pallid vege-
tation, stunted trees and leprous shrub-
bery, clustered around warm springs

that smoked like little fumaroles in the
chill air. There was a settlement here,
three or four small plastic structures
surrounded by a wall, outside the wall a
pathetic expanse of tilled land.

  “They’re coming!” cried Edri. “They
saw the ship. . . .”

  A narrow path led steeply up from
the ravine. Men were already toiling
along it. Trehearne counted them. Eight,
ten, eleven—eleven men, the total popu-
lation of this world of ultimate exile.

  Edri was shouting. His voice echoed
back and forth in the ravine with a
hollow booming sound. Other shouts
answered him. The men on the path be-
gan to run. They slipped and staggered
in their haste, clawing their way up-
ward. Trehearne could see their white
faces strained toward him.

  He watched them come—gaunt wind-
bitten hopeless men with the greyness
of living death upon them, striving up
from that deep red-lit prison, answer-
ing the call of Edri’s voice. He saw their
eyes, the eyes of men called back sud-
denly from that terrible numbing of the
mind that is worse than clean destruc-
tion.

  Edri threw his arms around the man
who came first over the rim. He had not
been there as long as the others and the
stamp was not so deep on him. He
turned and shouted at his mates to
hurry. His beard and his unkempt hair
blew in the wind and his voice was wild.

  Edri cried to him, “No time for talk
now, Arrin! Is that all of you?”

  It was. The line of bearded scare-
crows hastened toward the Mirzim.
Ready hands helped them in.

  The voice of Quorn yelled over the
intercom, “They’re right on top of us!
Hurry it up!”

  Joris had thrust his way forward to
the bridge. He was at his station and
waiting before the port was closed.

  “Ready foi> take-off! Watch your-
selves !”

  His hand reached out for the signal
relays. And then Trehearne saw it hesi-
tate and fall back.

  From the opening door of the Com-
munications room another voice spoke,
60	STARTLING STORIES

perfectly audible at that short distance
—the metallic voice of the receiver.

  "We have your range. Do not attempt
to take off. We have your range. Do not
attempt . . .**

  Over Joris’ suddenly shrunken shoul-
ders, through the bridge port, Trehearne
saw the long slim shape of a cruiser
sweep in toward a landing close beside
them.

CHAPTER XIV
Toward the Shores of Night

KERREL’S face appeared on the
small screen. There was no need
now for the ultra-wave and the ordinary
visiphone unit had been cut in. Edri
and Joris confronted him. Trehearne
stood in the doorway, listening. Behind
him were the rescued exiles and black
despair was on them all.

  Kerrel regarded Edri and Joris with
weary hatred. He seemed to have learned
that being an agent of the Council had
its rough side. But there was no slight-
est hint of leniency in his tone.

  “The gun crew has orders to open
fire in exactly fifteen minutes,” he said.
“You have that long to clear your ship,
bringing with you neither weapons nor
personal gear of any sort.” He repeated,
“Fifteen minutes precisely.”

  Joris looked at him with red and
sunken eyes. Twenty years of age had
come upon him in the last few minutes.
He could not seem to bring himself to
speak. Edri’s hands were clenched so
tightly that the fingers were bone white.
They moved back and forth, seeking
something to strike and not finding it.
He too had become old.

  “Fourteen minutes,” said Kerrel,
without emotion. “You’re wasting
time.”

  Edri turned abruptly and thrust his
way blindly past Trehearne, who caught
and held him in the doorway.

  “Let go,” said Edri viciously and
cursed him. “That ravine is deep. I can

step off into it now as well as later. I
won’t be taken back.”

  “Hold on,” said Trehearne. A sudden
wild hope had come to him. He lifted his
voice. “Kerrel! Kerrel, can you hear
me?” He was out of visual range of the
screen.

  “Yes, Trehearne, I hear you.”

  “Then listen! Tell your men to hold
their fire. We have Shairn aboard!*’
Joris’ head came up sharply. Edri
stopped fighting. And in the screen Ker-
rel’s mirrored face went through the
shadings of surprise, shock, then under-
standing and a wry mirth.

  “You have a quick mind, Trehearne,”
he said. “But it won’t do. Thirteen min-
utes.”

  “Go and get her, Edri,” said Tre-
hearne. His mouth was dry, his body
drenched with cold sweat.

  Edri plunged away into the corridor.
Trehearne went and stood where Kerrel
could see him. He smiled and wondered
if Kerrel could hear the knocking of his
heart against his ribs.

  Joris stood motionless, waiting. Ker-
rel counted off the minutes, and at each
count his voice became more strained,
his eyes less certain.

  There were six minutes left when
Edri came back with Shairn and thrust
her in front of the screen.

  “You see?” said Trehearne. “I wasn’t
lying.”

  Kerrel forgot to count. He stared at
the girl, the strong lines of his face
crumbling into indecision. He said her
name once. Suddenly he turned and was
gone from the screen. They could hear
him shouting somewhere beyond, “Hold
your fire! Hold your fire! They have a
prisoner aboard.”

  Trehearne knew then that he had not
misjudged the depth of the other’s pas-
sion. And strangely that knowledge was
bitter to him.

  Kerrel came into view again, and
Shairn cried out, “Kerrel, they’re after
something more than these Orthist
exiles! I think they’re—”

  Trehearne put his hand over her
mouth. “It doesn’t matter what she
thinks. The only important thing is her
THE STARMEN OF LLYRDIS	61

life. How much is it worth to you, Ker-
rel r

  Kerrel ran his hand nervously over
his face and did not answer at once.
Trehearne kept his palm firmly on
Shairn’s mouth.

  Kerrel shook his head. “You wouldn’t
kill her, Trehearne.”

  “No, I wouldn’t,” Trehearne said.
“But I’m only one and there are others
aboard. Eleven men of Thuvis, who feel
that one life is very little to pay for
escape from this hell-hole. Come on,
Kerrel, how much is Shairn worth to
you? You can have her—free, clear and
alive."

  Kerrel asked, “What do you want?”
  “A head start.”

  “It won’t do you any good. You can’t
outrun a cruiser.”

  Joris said, “We’ll take that chance!”
Again Kerrel hesitated. “What are
your terms?”

  Trehearne said, “You will allow us
to take off and we'll guarantee to land
Shairn safely on the other side of this
planet. You will keep your ship here
until you receive our message that that
has been done. We will both be able
to check each other’s actions by radar
and if your generators are started be-
fore our second take-off we’ll know it.”
Kerrel gnawed his lip and then asked
sullenly, “What assurance have I that
you will actually release her?”

 “You can take my word for that,”
Trehearne told him. “Either that or
blow her to bits with the rest of us.”
There was another long tense moment
of silence. And then Kerrel said, “All
right.” He spoke the words as though
they had a taste of vitriol on his tongue.

  Joris was out of Communications in
one long stride. Kerrel looked at Shairn
and cried, "Wait! You must radio your
position when you set her down.”

  “We will.”

  Trehearne flipped the switch. The
screen went blank. The throbbing gener-
ators took the ship and lifted it and
whirled it away and no gun spoke from
the cruiser. Trehearne released his grip
on Shairn. Reaction and relief had
turned his knees to water, so that it was

difficult to stand against the lurching
of the ship.

  Shairn turned and looked at him.
“You’re a fool, Michael,” she said, “but
I'll give you this. You’re not a coward.”

HE had her locked in her cabin again
and went back to the bridge. Joris
was scowling at the projection of the
microfilm chart of the planet.

  “There,” he said and pointed to a
huge emptiness. “She’ll be safe there
until they pick her up—there’s no pred-
atory life in these deserts.” He glanced
up at Trehearne. “Good man,” he said.
“Me, I was beaten.”

  Trehearne gave him a wry smile.
“Me, I bluffed. From here on, Joris, it’s
all yours. Where’s Edri?”

  “Shut in his cabin with Arrin. They
know the general sector, clear out at the
galaxy's edge. Now they're trying to
figure out the true course together.”
And Joris snorted. "Course! If I can
keep one jump ahead of that cruiser I’ll
be satisfied.”

  The Mirzim skimmed over the dark-
ling world of Thuvis into the starless
night. Trehearne sat and brooded, think-
ing of Shairn, thinking of the two men
who were bent over the final calcula-
tions of a dream that had balked men
for a thousand years.

  He thought of what a dream can do
to a man, of how far it can lead him
away from the good safe life of common
sense to the ultimate voids of creation.
He hoped that Edri and Arrin would
find what they wanted. He hoped they
would live to find it.

  “Coming down,” said Joris. “Better
get Shairn a coverall. It’s cold there.”
Trehearne found a warm coverall in
the equipment locker and took it to
Shairn’s cabin. She put it on and he
saw how her face was shadowed by
weariness and strain.

  She said quietly, “Do you still love
me, Michael?”

  Her question took him by surprise,
and the answer came of itself. “Yes,"
he said. “I do.”

  “Then we must stop behaving like
two angry children and not throw awaf
62	STARTLING STORIES

the life we can have together.”

  He bent his head. “I’m sorry you got
caught in this.”

  “It’s as much my fault as yours. I
was too quick to lose my temper. I should
have stopped to think that the Vardda
world was so new to you that you had
little to judge it by.”

  She was not now the mocking Shairn
of old. Her voice was full of a sombre
passion, a pleading for him to under-
stand.

  “Michael, your motives were good—
devotion to a friend, reaction against
what seemed to you injustice. But surely
now you must see how hopeless this all
is. I know you’re hunting Orthis’ ship.
You’ll never reach it. Kerrel will run
you down. It’ll all have been for noth-
ing.”

  It seemed to Trehearne that what she
said was very likely true. But he only
answered, “It’s too late to think about
that now.”

  “No, Michael! You can still save your-
self!” She caught him by the shoulders,
her hands urgent on his flesh. Her
touch could still do things to him. “Leave
the ship with me! Let Kerrel pick us
both up!”

  Trehearne smiled mirthlessly. “Ker-
rel would like that—taking me back to
a prison.”

  “It doesn’t have to be prison!” Shairn
exclaimed. “You can say you pretended
to join Joris and Edri only to save me!
I’ll back you up and not Kerrel nor any-
one else can disprove it. You’ll walk out
free on Llyrdis!”

  It crossed his mind that he could do
that. It would all fit. It was an out.

  “You won’t be letting your friends
down, either,” Shairn insisted. “They’ll
go on without you. You’ve done all you
can for them.”

  She clung to him. Her mouth begged
him with a silent language of its own.

  He took her arms slowly from around
him and thrust her back and she caught
her breath at the pain of his grip.

 “No,” he said. And again, "No,
Shairn.”

  She stood back and looked at him
steadily. “You could go back to the Sil-

ver Tower with me but you won’t—and
for what? So that peoples you’ve never
met on worlds you’ll never see can some-
day fly the stars ?”

  “There was a man named Trehearne
on the world Earth who got his chance
to fly the stars,” he said. “I thought
that others should have their chance
too. I have to play it out now.”

  She was silent and then the dropping
speed of the ship told them that it was
almost over. Trehearne took her down
to the airlock chamber. They stood there
together, not finding anything more to
say, and all that had been between them
came silently and mocked them with the
pain of vanished days.

  The Mirzim scraped her keel softly
on a yielding surface and was still.
Trehearne opened the port, looking out
on the dark windy desert.

  Shairn spoke then. “A strange begin-
ning for us, Michael, and now an even
stranger ending. You told me once I
would be sorry I ever met you. I am.”
He held out his hand to help her
down and the pressure of her fingers
was like something tearing at his heart.

  She looked up at him, a small lonely
figure in the vast dark. He thought her
lips moved but the wind came between
them and took the words away and he
had none of his own for answer.

  The warning bell jarred harshly in
his ears. He closed the port and she
was gone.

  Joris’ voice roared from the bridge,
through the intercom. “Flatten out, all!
This is the only start we’ll get on Kerrel
and I’ve got to pile it on!”

  The cruel hand of acceleration crushed
Trehearne down. He lay on the scored
plates of the deck and that last vision
of Shairn’s white face remained with
him to remind him of all that he had had
and lost.

  He said her name over and over in
the silence of the empty lock and his
mouth was filled with the bitter taste of
dust. The Mirzim leaped through space
like a wild thing, driving toward the
sector that was the goal of a thousand-
year hope and quest, toward the galaxy
edge and the shore® of outer night.
THE STARMEN

       CHAPTER XV
       World of Death

THEY had stepped clear out to the
edge of the galaxy, where the fring-
ing stars were lost in the outer void and
the dead suns swept forever through the
entombing dark, where even the mem-
ory of creation was gone, blotted out
by unimaginable time.

 Trehearne tried to remember how
long it had been since they had taken
off from Thuvis. He gave it up. It didn't
matter. He peered with aching blood-
shot eyes into the lightless seas that lie
between the island universes and tried
to remember why he had come here.
And that too was dim in his mind.

 Edri was bent over a table that had
been set up in the bridge. He no longer
looked like Edri. He seemed to have
been working for a million years. Arrin
sat near him. He held his head between
his bony hands, a bearded mummy em-
balmed upright, hardly retaining the
semblance of life.

  There were charts under Edri’s hands,
endless sheets of calculations, endless
miles of figures. Joris studied them,
bending beside Edri. His broad jowls
hung down now over his wrinkled col-
lar. His eyes had sunk deep under ridges
of bone, peering out as from two shad-
owed caves.

  Edri was talking in a voice that came
from far away. The words reached Tre-
hearne in droning snatches from beyond
the fog of weariness.

 “—so our only way to locate Orthis’
ship was to triangulate its position from
two separate bearings on it. One bear-
ing was the course of that life-skiff
Orthis sent in with his last message,
allowing for aberrations caused by the
gravitational field of stars. The other
bearing was Orthis’ course in his last
flight. We couldn’t get that till I found
the part of the Lankar manuscript that
Arrin didn’t have.”

 Trehearne heard someone ask, “Who

OF LLYRDIS	63

was Lankar?”

  “One of Orthis’ last pursuers, who
left a secret log of the pursuit to ease
his guilty conscience. Enough of it sur-
vived—”

  Joris said, “The hell with Lankar.
Get on with it.”

  “We had to push the star-maps back
in time—galactic motion, star stream-
ing, a million complicated problems of
relative motion and proper motion, back
five hundred years and then another
five hundred and then correlate them.
That work’s been going on a long, long
time.”

  Edri drew a long breath that was
coupled with a racking yawn.

  “The charts indicate an unnamed
dark star following an orbit here, out-
side the main stream of the galaxy.” He
traced a line with his finger. “These
charts for the fringing stars are incom-
plete as you know. There’s nothing to
draw anyone out to these godforsaken
regions and they’ve never been properly
explored.

  “But according to our calculations
that star was in the right place a thou-
sand years ago and Orthis’ life-skiff was
launched from there. Now the wheel of
the galaxy has turned so, taking the
dark star with it . . .”

  He laid his hand on the crossing of
two marked lines on the chart. “That’s
our destination, Joris. If we’re right
the ship of Orthis is there. If we’re
wrong—well, somebody else will have
to try again in another thousand years.”

  He remained standing, silent, his
hands braced on the table, too tired to
move. Joris rubbed his bleary eyes and
began to read the coordinates aloud from
the chart. Mechanically the Second Offi-
cer set up the combination on the finder.

  Joris moved heavily back to the pilot
chair. He set the Mirzim on her new
course. Then he spoke over the intercom
to Radar. “What’s the position of the
cruiser ?”

  A croaking voice answered him. He
listened. “Closer,” he said. “Always
closer.”

  Trehearne’s mind turned back to its
constant half-walcing nightmare. The
t	STARTLING STORIES

cruiser, following, hanging on, dogged,
persistent, relentless. He lived over pain-
fully every maneuver, every trick by
which Joris had managed to delay their
pursuer, to grasp a little more time, a
little more distance.

 He remembered the last-minute
plunge into a dark nebula when the
cruiser was almost close enough to
range them. He remembered the turn-
ing and twisting and doubling inside the
blackness of the cloud, where the ab-
sorptive cosmic dust fogged the radar.
They had lost the cruiser there. They
had got clear away and for a time they
had hoped. They had made it to this
fringe sector—and then the red spark
showed again on the screen, coming
closer, always closer.

  There were times when Trehearne
forgot the physical fact of the cruiser,
a ship of ordinary metal officered and
manned by ordinary Vardda spacemen.
At such times it seemed to him that the
Mirzim was pursued by a demoniac
nemesis Btriding naked across the plung-
ing gulfs—a nemesis wearing Kerrel’s
face with Kerrel’s hands outstretched to
grasp them.

  Sometimes Shairn’s face was there
beside Kerrel’s, white, unreadable, a
misty cloud that blotted out the stars.

  The hoarse voice of the radar man
croaked at intervals. The ship fled on
toward the dark star.

  Joris turned around. The table had
been taken out, the charts and the toil-
some calculations rolled up and shoved
away. Arrin lay on the deck against the
after bulkhead, sleeping. He would not
leave the bridge until he knew whether
or not his life and work had gone for
nothing. Edri sat beside him. He was
not asleep.

  Joris said flatly, “It isn’t going to
work.”

  Edri said nothing. He waited.

  Joris went on, as though he hated
what he was saying, but had to say it.
“Look at it. As soon as I start decelera-
tion the cruiser will begin to cut our
lead to nothing. And they’re stressed
for less deceleration time than I can
make without tearing the Mirzim to

pieces. What’ll happen? They’ll be on us
before we can even begin our search.”
Edri nodded. He leaned back against
the bulkhead and closed his eyes. He
said, “They know now what we’re after.
What do you suppose Kerrel would do
if he found the ship of Orthis?”

NOBODY answered that. There was
no need to answer. A heavy silence
followed, during which Trehearne
thought of the messages that had gone
out across the galaxy from the cruiser’s
ultra-wave—guarded messages that be-
trayed by their very spareness the des-
perate nature of this mission, urgent
requests for other Council cruisers to
close up with all speed.

  The others were still too far away to
matter. Whatever happened would have
happened before they could come up.
Kerrel was going to finish this alone.
Edri said, “What are we going to do?”
Joris rubbed his big hand over his
stubbled face and blinked, and said,
“Our only chance, if Orthis’ ship and
secret are really there, is to get the
ultra-wave equipment to it in time for
what we planned.”

  He went on slowly. “I think the life-
skiff could carry that equipment. If we
drop the skiff it would travel on con-
stant velocity for a while before it would
have to decelerate. Meanwhile I could
swing the Mirzim on another course,
running back along the rim of the gal-
axy, away from the dark star. The cruis-
er would follow me. Chances are, with
their radar concentrated on me to
catch my lateral-impulse pattern, they
wouldn’t notice the skiff at all when she
started deceleration.”

  He sighed. “They’d catch us, of
course. But the Mirzim isn’t going to
keep on forever after the beating she’s
taken. The generators are in bad shape.
But we could keep going long enough
to give you time.”

  Edri thought it over. “I don’t like it,”
he said. “But it looks as though it’s that
or nothing.”

  Joris was muttering under his breath
about maximum loads and capacity.
“The main ultra-wave equipment,” he
THE STARMEN OF LLYRDIS	65

said, “and three men. The skiff would
take that. We’d keep the auxiliary ultra-
wave set here, of course."

  “Who can you spare? You’ll need all
your flight technicians.”

  “He can spare me,” said Trehearne.
“I'm the most nonessential. And I can
still stand up if I have to.”

  Joris nodded. “Yes. Quorn has to go
to handle the ultra-wave, of course—and
he can handle the skiff all right.”

  “Who else?”

  “You,” said Joris.

  Edri looked at the sleeping Arrin.
“He ought to go instead. He’s worked
for it longer than I have.” It was obvi-
ous that Arrin was unable to go any-
where and Edri sighed. He pulled him-
self erect. “All right, then. Come on,
Trehearne. We’ll start loading.”

  The skiff was contained in a cell of
its own, sunk in the side of the Mirzim—
a miniature starship with a flight range
long enough to give the crew of a dis-
abled ship a chance to reach safety.

  Trehearne routed out every man that
was off-station and could stand erect.
Following Edri’s orders he stripped the
skiff of everything they wouldn’t need.
Quorn oversaw the removal of the heavy
ultra-wave radio equipment from the
Mirzim and its loading into the skiff. He
seemed unnecessarily particular about
it. Trehearne swore and sweated but
got it done.

  He went back up to the bridge with
Edri and Quorn. Joris studied his in-
struments.

  “Pretty soon,” he said. He gave Quorn
his flight instructions. “Trehearne is
still a lubber,” he remarked, “but he
knows enough by now to give you a
hand when you need it.”

 Edri said, “Surrender as soon as
you’re challenged, Joris.”

  Joris laughed, a pallid ghost of his
old loud roar. “I will. Right now, I’m
too tired to die.” He glanced again at
the instruments. “Time to go.”

  They looked at each other, these fa-
tigue-drunken red-eyed men whom a
dream had dragged to the edge of the
universe, and could find nothing to say
ia this moment of their parting.

  “Good luck,” muttered Edri then and
turned away.

  “You’re the ones who’re going to need
it,” Joris called after them.

  Trehearne went through after Quorn
and Edri into the skiff. Quorn took its
controls and waited, watching his chro-
nometer. His hand grasped loosely about
a red-switch marked RELEASE.

  He closed the switch.

  There was a squeal and grind of ma-
chinery, an instant of extreme pressure,
then the skiff had left the Mirzim.
Though they could not see, they knew
that skiff and ship had already diverged
far apart at their unthinkable speeds.

  Quorn watched his instruments while
Trehearne and Edri sat looking at noth-
ing, afraid to sleep lest they should not
be able to wake again.

  Presently Quorn started his forward
generator and began deceleration.

  Trehearne lost track of things. Part
of the following time he was unconscious
or nearly so. The rest of it he observed
as in a confused dream. He thought of
how he had once been wild for starflight.
But he managed to do the things that
Quorn required of him.

  The port cleared. It had no adapter
and functioned as a port only at visual
speeds. Now, ahead of them, Trehearne
could see a huge bulk of darkness
against the outer dark, illumined only
faintly by the galactic light.

  “There it is,” said Edri. “The dark
star.” His voice shook a little.

  They swept closer, still slowing down.
“It has a planet,” said Quorn. “There,
catching the starshine—”

  “Two,” said Trehearne. “I see two.”

TWO dimly gleaming bodies, dead
worlds clinging to a long dead sun
out here at Galaxy edge. The glow of
the Milky Way touched them, the ghost-
ly glow of candles at a wake.

  Edri whispered, “We’ll try the outer
planet first. Give me a hand, Tre-
hearne.”

  ..They crawled aft between the crowd-
ed banks of equipment to a detector
that had come from the Mirzim’s hold.
Edri fumbled at it.
66	STARTLING STORIES

  “In Orthis’ day they used radioactive
fuel, of course," Edri mumbled. We cal-
culated its half-life. Even supposing his
bunkers were nearly empty there should
be enough left to register on this count-
er. A teacupful would do it.”

  Trehearne helped Edri adjust the
shielding apparatus on the mechanism
until the needle was still.

  “What about radioactive deposits on
the planets themselves?” he asked.

  “We get a break there. Too old. The
last radioactive element will have died
millions of years ago.”

  He raised his voice. “Keep the skiff
as low as you dare, Quorn. The counter
has a wide sweep. Take it slow.”

  He crouched over the telltale. Tre-
hearne moved forward again.

  The planet was small, less than two
thousand miles in diameter. Between
the intense gloom and the motion of the
skiff he could see nothing but a black
featureless desolation, rifted here and
there with white that he took to be the
frozen remains of an atmosphere. He
thought what it would be like to land
there and shivered.

  They swept the planet carefully. The
telltale needle of the counter remained
motionless. Edri said heavily, “We’ll go
on. Pray we find it on the other planet.
Pray Orthis didn’t come down on the
dead star. It would take forever to find
him there.”

  Quorn fed in power and cleared away.
The port dimmed again and Edri
moaned.

  “He’s about out,” Quorn said. “Looks
like whatever is done we’ll have to do
the most of it”

  The second world was larger than the
first by three times or more. It was not
content to be featureless. It thrust up
gnawed and shattered ranges, stripped
bones of mountains sheathed in frozen
gases. It showed forth dreary plains
coated white with congealed air, glisten-
ing faintly in the light of the great
galactic wheel.

  It turned toward the watchers the
naked beds of its vanished oceans,
sucked dry to the deepest gulf. It dis-
played the scars of its long dying, the

brutal wounds of internal explosion, the
riven gashes of a shrinking crust. A
hideous world that seemed to remember
beauty still and resent the cruelty of
death.

  Edri whispered, “Pray—pray that the
damned thing moves.” Instead of doing
so he cursed the needle that it did not
stir.

  “Keep going,” said Trehearne.

  They kept going.

  The needle quivered.

  Edri let out a hoarse cry. “Easy!
Easy!" Tears began to run down his
cheeks. He sobbed. The needle jerked.

  “Circle!” Trehearne shouted to
Quorn. “Circle till we get it centered.”

  He ran his tongue over his lips and
tasted salt and wondered how it got
there.

  Quorn swung the skiff around in a
tightening spiral. “Now," said Edri.
“Let her down.”

  He scrambled forward, thrusting his
face against the port, trying to see.
Quorn switched on a landing light. The
blue-white blaze lit up a circular area
below, the light intensely bright, the
shadows intensely black. Its beam went
sharply down.

  They followed it. It was as though the
skiff were poised on that pillar of light,
sinking downward.

  They were above a planetary surface
racked and tortured by final diastro-
phism. Towering miles high, loomed a
mighty cliff of riven rock. In front of it
a chasm yawned and beyond the chasm
a drear and tumbled landscape stretched
dim under the great sword of the galaxy.

  They started down along the face of
the titanic cliff. Looking at the chasm
at its base Trehearne began to get un-
easy.

  “There’s no ship here,” he said. “The
counter must have picked up some last
radiation from deep down in that
chasm.”

  Quorn agreed with him. But Edri
said, “No, keep going.” Trehearne could
feel him tremble.

  They went on down the face of the
giant, looming wall.

  Trehearne pointed suddenly. “Isn't
THE STARMEN OF LLYRDIS	#7

that a ledge?”

  The hard bright edge of the beam cut
across a shelf of rock that jutted out
halfway down the cliff. Quorn swung
the skiff in closer. Something on the
ledge glistened dully under the light.

  Quorn let the skiff drop with a sicken-
ing rush. Detail sprang clear—shat-
tered rock, ancient magma, puddles of
frozen air in the hollows. And among
them an ovoid shape, symmetrical,
smooth, giving back a metallic glint.

 Edri said the name of Orthis, as
though it were a prayer.

       CHAPTER XVI
       The Star-Born

^fcUORN had set the skiff down on
” the ledge. They had scrambled into
pressure suits. They had forgotten that
they were already three-quarters dead.

  Awkward in the clumsy armor, stum-
bling on the jagged rock, slipping on
the patches of frozen air, they clawed
their way toward the goal they had
crossed a galaxy and gambled their lives
to find. Above them the ghastly cliff
leaned outward against nothingness,
below them the abyss plunged down into
the dead heart of a world. Beyond them
was spreading desolation and in the
black sky the awful rim of the Galaxy
lay like a blazing sword of light.

  Trehearne was aware of the silence.
He had never been on an airless world
before. He felt the impact as his metal
boot struck against a shard of rock but
it made no sound. All he could hear was
the harsh breathing of Quorn and Edri,
transmitted to him by the helmet audio.

 The ship of Orthis loomed before
them, lightless, lifeless, cradled in the
ashes of destruction. It had a look of
patience. It had lain here waiting for
a thousand years, untouched by time or
rust, entombed in silence and the end-
less night, eternal as the dead suns that
rove forever in uncorrupting space. It
seemed that it could wait until the end

of time, cherishing its trust.

  Awe came upon Trehearne and with
it a kind of fear.

  They found the lock port It stood
wide open, the valves still clean and
shining. The light of Trehearne’s belt-
lamp showed him, on the floor of the
lock chamber, the scored marks of a
man’s boots. They might have been made
only yesterday.

  The three men paused outside that
open port. They looked at each other
through their glassite helmets and their
faces were strange. Then Trehearne
stepped aside, and Quorn also. Edri bent
his head. He moved forward to the port.

  Silently he clambered into the ship of
Orthis.

  The others were close behind him.
Their belt lamps cut hard slashes of
light across the dark. They passed
through the lock chamber and came
into a corridor running fore and aft. It
was utterly still. The heavy drag of their
boo'ts on the metal deck made not the
slightest sound. Trehearne could hear
the beating of his own blood in his ears,
the dull throbbing of his heart

  The whole after section of the ship
was a laboratory. Much of the delicate
equipment was shattered, either by
speed-vibration or a hard landing. Tre-
hearne could not make sense out of any
of it but Quorn said, “He was studying
interstellar radiation. Most of that stuff
is beyond me,, but I can see that much."

  One section of the laboratory con-
tained a complicated mass of coils and
prisms and intricate banks of reflectors
arranged around what must have been
a great central tube. There was a small
platform at the focal point of the mech-
anism, fitted with straps. Along one
bulkhead was a stack of metal cages for
experimental animals. Several of the
little creatures were still there. They
had died, the quick death of airlessness
and cold, but their bodies were still per-
fect They had, then, survived the voy-
age.

  Edri’s voice came over the helmet
audio. “Nothing for us here,” he said.
“No good trying to figure out this appa-
ratus—they couldn't do that in all the
88	STARTLING STORIES

years they had the ship impounded. Most
of it Orthis designed and built himself.”

  Trehearne was still looking at the
small furry bodies in the cages, lying
as though in sleep. Somehow they made
the betrayal of Orthis and his dream
doubly cruel—that even beasts could be
given the freedom of the stars, that so
many generations of the races of many
worlds had been denied.

  He turned and went forward with
the others. They glanced into the living
quarters. They were small and spare.
The coverings of the bunk were rum-
pled and the pillow still retained the
hollow where a man’s head had lain.
Trehearne shivered. They passed on to
the bridge.

  Trehearne realized then what an act
of heroism it had been to push this
antique ship to the limits of the Galaxy
and beyond. The instruments were so
few and rudimentary, the system of con-
trols so crude. There was a locking de-
vice, an Iron Mike that could keep the
ship on its course without human atten-
tion. The science of starflight had come
a long way since then.

  He remembered that this craft had
not been built for starflight but rather
as a spatial laboratory. And he won-
dered that it had survived at all.

THERE was a door in the after bulk-
head of the bridge. He went to it
and looked through into the cabin be-
yond. The beam of his belt lamp speared
brightly into the immemorial dark.

  Trehearne uttered a hoarse cry. The
others ran to him. He was clinging to
the bulkhead then, the cold sweat pour-
ing down his face, his eyes staring. They
looked past him, over his shoulder.

  The cabin was small. It was fitted as
a library, crammed with metal cases of
books, some of them microfilm volumes
of an ancient type, others thick ragged
notebooks. There was a great table, bolt-
ed down, and on the table was a metal
box.

  Behind the table was a man.

  He sat in a metal chair. His right arm
was outstretched, clenched fist resting
squarely on the metal box as though de-

manding that it be noticed. His head
was lifted, looking toward the glassite
port that showed the black sky slashed
across with the mighty fires of the
Galaxy.

  He was an old man. The years of his
life had not been kind to him. They had
shaped his face as though from dark
iron, gouging the lines deep, hammer-
ing the ridges hard, driving out all
traces of youth and hope to forge a mask
of bitter anger and reproach and in the
end despair.

  It seemed to Trehearne that he could
read a whole life history in that face,
caught forever in the moment of death,
when surely the man was crying out
upon whatever gods he worshipped, de-
manding Why?

  Edri made a strange harsh sound in
his throat. “Orthis,” he whispered. “Or-
this! For a moment I thought . .

  “So did I,” Trehearne admitted. “He
does look alive, all right.”

  Here in the airless utter cold, death
held no decay, no change. But there was
more to it than the lack of physical
corruption. The fire in this man had
burned so deep that even death could
not erase its scars.

  “I think,” said Trehearne, “that he
wanted whoever found him to look in-
side that box.” He suddenly wanted to
get away from this funeral ship.

  They went in and he reached out and
tried to move Orthis’ hand from off the
box. The arm was frozen rigid as a steel
bar. Trehearne gave it up, and worked
the box out from under it.

  It was unlocked. He lifted up the lid.
The lamplight showed a notebook bound
in cloth. On top of it lay a loose sheet
of paper with a few angular lines of
writing. Edri read aloud:

  “ ‘I have clung to life this much long-
er to write down for the first time all
my formulae, complete and simplified
so that they can be understood and used.
In them lies the freedom of the stars. I,
the first of the Star-Born, was rejected
by the greed and fear of the planet-born
before but it will not be always so. . ..

  “ ‘I shall not see what comes. My ship
has already flown too far, I have littla
THE STARMEN OF LLYRDIS	69

fuel and I am old. Therefore I have set
the airlock control and in a few minutes
it will open, a swift death and better
than a slow one.

  “ ‘After that, I shall wait. What I
dreamed will never be forgotten. Some-
day will come others who believe as I do
that the stars are for all men!’ ”

  Edri fell silent and then he whis-
pered, “He watched the Galaxy for a
thousand years and waited.”

  Trehearne forced himself to break
the spell. “We only have a little time!”
he warned. He shut the box. “This is
what you need. Let’s go.”

  They went out of the silent ship. Tre-
hearne looked up at the flaming river of
stars in the sky and thought what a
mighty dream the first of Star-Born men
had carried with him into the long night.

  He began to run toward the skiff,
holding the box tight. A sudden panic
of haste came over him. It seemed to
him that Orthis had given them this
trust with his own hands. If they failed
now for lack of time . . .

  He shouted at the others, thrust them
on, harried them into the skiff. They
took off from the ledge. They did not
want to be near the ^hip of Orthis when
they did what they were going to do.
Quorn sent the light craft racing across
the dead world, searching for a place to
land.

 “Keep your pressure suits on and
your helmets ready,” he said.

  Edri bent over the notebook from the
metal box, tremblingly reading.

  “It’s all here—the equations, the for-
mulae, the instructions,” he said hoarse-
ly. “I don’t understand them but others
will!”

 He looked at Trehearne with red-
rimmed eyes. “Orthis has a foreword
here. And he was the first of the Star-
Born. The mutation began spontaneous-
ly on that first long voyage. The con-
stant vibration of speed—not speed as
we know it now but more than the hu-
man body was used to, speed approach-
ing the velocity of light—and the im-
pact of interstellar radiation on the liv-
ing cell. That’s what did it. Orthis was
the end-product of four generations of

breeding under those conditions.

  “He was nature’s first attempt to cre-
ate Galactic Man, to readjust the human
body to meet new needs. And the thing
he labored on so long was the reduction
of that long natural process to a work-
able formula that could accomplish the
change in one generation instead of four.
He found it, of course. And it’s all here.”
Quorn broke in, “This place looks as
good as any! At least it’ll give us a little
more cover.”

  He was taking the skiff down care-
fully toward the flat bed of an ancient
watercourse. The channel was filled now
with frozen air but in bygone ages it
had gouged a deep canyon in the rock,
leaving eroded holes and overhangs.
Quorn worked the skiff into one of these,
under the canyon wall.

  Edri was going over his book again,
making sure, dazed with the hypnosis of
exhaustion and the need to be right. He
did not dare to fumble or read a figure
wrong. Trehearne realized the weight
of responsibility.

  Trehearne himself went aft with
Quorn and began to struggle with the
ultra-wave equipment. He was possessed
by a demon of urgency, and he had not
the slightest idea what he was doing.
Quorn gave orders, and Trehearne
obeyed. Hooking the power leads to the
skiff’s generators was the hardest task
of all.

  Somehow they finished it. They sat
Edri down in front of the transmitter
with his book. Quorn adjusted switches.
The generators hummed, feeding power
into the big transmitter. Edri blinked,
moistening dry lips.

  Quorn said, “I’ve got it on the emer-
gency band, covering all channels. Every
ultra-wave receiver within its range
will pick it up—including non-Vardda
communications centers. Also, the min-
ute Kerrel picks it up he’ll be able to
center us and come in on our beam. So
make it fast!”

  Edri nodded, glancing nervously at
Trehearne. Quorn made the last dial set-
ting, and then spoke harshly into the
transmitter.

  “G-One! G-One! Emergency. Request
70	STARTLING STORIES

clearance all channels. Use your record-
ers! G-One, clear all channels. . .

  Edri drew an unsteady breath and
leaned forward, and spoke rapidly. “I
may not have time to repeat. We have
found the ship of Orthis. We have found
the ship of Orthis. Here follow the for-
mulae for the Vardda mutation.”

IT was as short as that. He began to
i-ead from the notebook, going fast
but taking pains to make each syllable
clear beyond doubt.

  Quorn hung tensely over his dials.
Trehearne sat motionless. His muscles
quivered. Sweat ran into his eyes. Edri’s
voice went on.

  Suddenly, Quorn's hoarse voice cried,
“Hurry! Kerrel’s cruiser has already
picked it up and they’re trying to jam
us! They’ll be close enough in minutes
to blank us out!”

  Edri’s face became that of a hunted
thing. His voice rose shrill, racing des-
perately to the last page. He started
then to repeat.

  “Too late—we’re blanked out!” Quorn
yelled. “That means Kerrel is close
enough to—”

  The skiff was suddenly shaken as
though by a giant hand. Then it shud-
dered again, harder. Quorn leaped up.
“Shell-bursts! Kerrel’s ranging us down
the canyon!”

  Trehearne tried to thrust Edri’s hel-
met over his head. Edri fought him
off, clinging to the transmitter. Quorn
helped pull him around.

  “You’re jammed anyway!” he yelled.
“You’re not getting through! Come on!”
Between them they got Edri’s helmet
on. The skiff was racked again, and
something broke with a crackle of ex-
ploding glass.

  Trehearne locked his own helmet.
Through the audio he could hear Quorn
shouting something about the airlock
and getting clear. Half dragging Edri,
Trehearne began to run, staggering
against the bulkheads.

  They reached the airlock and got it
open. Out on the canyon floor light blos-
somed and died. Great chunks of rock
struck silently against the skiff. The

deck leaped up under their feet. Tre-
hearne saw Quorn fall outward. Then
he too was pitched out of the lock, carry-
ing Edri with him.

  He hit the ground hard. He thought
his helmet was broken. And then there
was nothing but darkness.

  When he came to the cruiser had land-
ed close by and men in spacesuits were
coming toward the skiff, carrying weap-
ons in their hands.

  Trehearne got to his feet. The moving
beams of the belt lamps showed him
faces inside the glassite helmets. One of
them belonged to Kerrel. It came toward
him and looked at Edri, motionless on
the ground, and at Quorn, crawling on
hands and knees.

  It said, “I ought to kill you all.”
Trehearne became aware of a smaller
figure in a spacesuit, a figure that
carried no weapon and had the face of
Shairn inside the glassite. He heard
her voice crying through the audio,
“Michael, are you all right?” And then,
bitterly, “Oh, Michael, you fool!”
Kerrel turned. He said furiously, “I
told you to stay in the cruiser.”

  She answered, “I’m not under your
orders, Kerrel—not yet.”

  Men entered the skiff to search it.
Other men picked up Quorn and Edri
and carried them away. Kerrel looked
at Trehearne and gestured with his long
weapon that was like a gun.

  “Walk ahead of me, Trehearne.”
Trehearne began to walk ahead of
Kerrel and Shairn. It was dark in the
canyon, whose walls cut off the galactic
light. He could hardly see the cruiser he
was going toward. But the beam of Ker-
rel’s belt-lamp was squarely upon him.
The skin of his back crawled.

  “You’ll get this one cheap, Kerrel,”
said Trehearne. “You won’t even have
to promise the price of a ship.”

 “Do your talking when you get
aboard,” said Kerrel. “Go on.”

  “What about the Mirzim ?”•

  “We overhauled her,” Kerrel an-
swered. “Your friends are all safely un-
der hatches. Keep going, Trehearne.
Don’t try any tricks.”

  The surface was rough underf**^
THE STARMEN OF LLYRDIS	71

Trehearne was still groggy and the light
beam swung, making a shifting pattern
of whiteness and black shadow. He
stumbled and went to his hands and
knees.

 “Ah,” said Kerrel’s voice, with infi-
nite satisfaction. “A clear attempt to
escape.”

SHAIRN’S voice gasped out, "No,
Kerrel!”

 Trehearne swung around, clawing at
the frozen surface. Shairn was clinging
to Kerrel’s arm. He struck her twice
with his free arm. Then, raging, he
raised his knee and drove it to knock
her back.

 Trehearne slammed solidly against
Kerrel’s turning body. He got both
hands on the long weapon. Kerrel was
cursing Shairn in a low hard undertone.

 Trehearne wrenched the weapon away
from Kerrel. He raised it like a club and
brought it down on the gleaming crown
of the helmet. He brought it down hard.
A lot went into that blow, a lot of mem-
ories.

 The glassite cracked.

 Kerrel had time to scream, just once.

 Trehearne dropped the weapon. Men
came running toward him. Shairn had
risen to her feet again. She came and
stood against him so that the men would
not fire. Trehearne looked down at the
ghastly face inside the riven helmet. He
shivered and turned away.

 Shairn was saying over and over,
"Kerrel tried to murder him. There was
no escape attempt. I’ll swear to it.”

 The men pulled her away and gath-
ered around Trehearne. One of them
said, “This isn’t going to help you much,
killing an agent of the Council.” He
turned on Shairn. He was a tired man.
"All right!” he shouted. “We’re not go-
ing to do anything! You can tell your
story when you get to Llyrdis.” He gave
Trehearne a shove. “Get on, there.”

 Trehearne plodded on to the cruiser.
He was put into a locked room with Edri
and Quorn and Joris and two other men
from the Mirzim. Edri was still dazed.
Joris looked at them. He was an old
man, centuries old, but hope lived in

him still.

  “Did you do it?” he cried. “Did you
find the ship?”

  Trehearne said, “We found it.” He
turned to Quorn. He reached out and
caught him by the wrists and asked,
“Did we do it? Did we get the message
through ?”

  Quorn’s mouth trembled. “I think
there’s a chance we did. Kerrel’s jam-
ming came in on us so fast. But I
think . . .”

  He suddenly wrenched his hands
away, his face agonized. “How do I
know if we got through? Oh God, how
do I know?”

CHAPTER XVII
Galactic Man

THE voyage was ending. They had
known from the long period of de-
celeration that it was ending, and now
the last pressures, and the small, grind-
ing shocks as the cruiser settled into its
dock, told them that they were again
on Llyrdis.

  The bells rang, and the throb of the
generators gave way to an unfamiliar
silence. They waited, then. And nothing
happened. The hours went by and noth-
ing happened.

  Trehearne said finally, "They’re not
even going to remove us from the cruis-
er. They’ll take us off to wherever we’re
bound for without even hearing us.”
Edri shook his head. “No. Vardda law
sentences no man without formal trial.”
They could see nothing, hear nothing.
Until, at last, the door of the room was
unlocked. There were officers and guards
—many guards, all of them armed. Their
faces told nothing.

  “You will come with us,” said the
young captain of guards soberly.

  “Where?” demanded Joris. "To Uyr-
dis prison or—”

  “All communication with the prison-
ers forbidden,” clipped the young cap-
tain. “You will come with ua.”
72	STARTLING STORIES

  It seemed strange to Trehearne to
walk again on unmoving floors, corri-
dors, decks—on a planet.

  The tawny glare of Aldebaran was
dazzling when they filed out of the cruis-
er. The air seemed unnaturally damp,
heavy with the salt tang of the sea.

  He and Joris and Edri, the first to
emerge, looked around with a throb of
eagerness, of half-hope. They could not
see much. The cruiser had landed in a
closed-off sector and there were other
guards waiting out here beside a num-
ber of ultra-cars.

  But Trehearne could hear. He could
hear all the usual hum and din and
clangor of the vast spaceport, the grind
of cranes and rumble of trams, the
scream of a fast planet-flyer coming in.
And then the whoosh of a great bulk
hurtling upward, a star-ship outbound
for distant suns. And in the distance the
shining towers of Llyrdis city still mag-
nificently challenged the heavens.

  Trehearne felt a sick sense of futility.
All this vast ordered turmoil of routine
and activity, all the galaxy-wide trade
that centered here, the thousand-year
solidity of Vardda commercial monopoly
—how could he have dreamed that a
pitifully faint and aborted radio call
could ever shake it? The faces of his
friends showed him how their last hope
had begun to wane.

  “The cars,” said the young captain.
“You four go in the first one.”

  Edri found his voice. “What about
Arrin?”

  “I am permitted to tell you that your
comrade has been removed to the hospi-
tal and is in good condition.”

  Joris said nothing. Trehearne saw his
sunken eyes looking across the spaceport
and thought how it must be for him to
come back so to this place where for
years he had sat with his hands guiding
the Vardda ships that came and went.

  The car took them out of the space-
port fast. Trehearne saw that other
cars, with guards alone in them, ran
unobtrusively along ahead of and behind
them.

  And nothing was changed in Llyrdis.
The peacock city preened itself beneath

the sun, iridescent, splendid, its streets
thronged with the smiling Vardda and
the other stranger races—echoing with
music, brilliant with color.

  They passed a Vardda man and girl
who stood, laughing as they talked. It
was then that Trehearne ceased alto-
gether to hope.

  “We’re going to the Council Hall,”
Edri said presently.

  Joris nodded somberly. “I could have
told you that. As a Council member, I
have to be formally impeached and re-
moved before charges against me can
be pressed.”

  He added grimly, “Old Ristin, the
chairman, won’t weep over that. We
tangled pretty often, in tho past.”

  The Council Hall sat amid a crowded
nexus of governmental buildings. It
dominated Llyrdis, not by size, but by
age. It was a gray old pile, without
beauty but with the massiveness and
solidity of eternal things.

  Its courts and corridors and staring
officials Trehearne saw only vaguely.
They slid over his vision, and nothing
seemed entirely tangible until, in an
anteroom, Shairn's face leaped real to
his eyes.

  She had been waiting to see him pass,
he knew. Her face was white and
strained, and she said nothing, but her
eyes said, “Michael! Michael!”

  He looked back at her as they went
on and he wondered what she read in
his own eyes. And then they had entered
the deliberative chamber itself.

IT was not large and not crowded—a
half-moon-shaped hall with some-
thing more than a hundred Vardda in
its chairs. Of the blur of faces turned
toward him, most were grave, some
curious, some open in their hatred.

  Ristin, the chairman, was a magnifi-
cent white-haired old Lucifer who dis-
dained the petty vanity of pretending
that this was a routine matter.

  “This Council is not a judicial body,”
he said. “This criminal charge against
y o u—piracy, resisting of authority,
murder—will be handled by the regular
courts. We are here investigating a mat-
THE STARMEN OF LLYRDIS	7J

ter urgent to the state.”

 “As for murder—” Trehearne began
savagely but the chairman interrupted.

  "I said the criminal charges will be
examined later. The lady Shairn has
already made her deposition, I under-
stand. But what concerns us here is the
much graver offense against the Vardda
community.”

 Joris got up, thrusting his gray
head forward like an old mastiff’s. He
growled, “Since this is an investigation,
you can’t legally carry it out without
hearing us.”

  Ristin said grimly, “The Coordinator
of the Port was always good at making
himself heard. But you will have to wait
this time, Joris.” He looked up at the
watching Vardda faces as he added,
“The problem of your personal offense
is not foremost. What concerns us most
urgently is the general policy to be
adopted by the Council.”

  Trehearne hardly heard. That glimpse
of Shairn had done things to him and
his mind was far away. He wondered
vaguely why Edri, who had sat sagging
heavily beside him, suddenly stiffened,
why Edri convulsively grasped his wrist.

  Ristin was continuing, “Therefore I
emphasize again that we of the Council
must not let any emotion of resentment
sway our judgment. We are elected to
serve the best interests of the Vardda
as a whole and we must let no other con-
siderations affect our decision.”

  Then Joris laughed. His head came
up, and his bellowing laughter echoed
and re-echoed from the vaulted roof. He
swung around to Trehearne and Edri
and Quorn, and his eyes were blazing
now. "By God, you did it after all!"

  Trehearne, still only half understand-
ing, felt a white-hot thrill. Edri had be-
gun to tremble violently.

  Ristin’s cool voice cut in. “Believe me,
your exultation is premature. Neverthe-
less there is no purpose in concealing
the fact that your actions have present-
ed us with an unprecedentedly grave
problem.”

  Quorn said hoarsely to Trehearne,
"Don’t you get it? Our message went
through!”

  Trehearne understood then. The grav-
ity of the watching faces, the bitter
hatred in some of them, the strong lead-
ership the old chairman was wielding to
conquer the crisis—all these belied the
everyday appearance of Llyrdis that had
been the death-knell of his hopes.

 Through them, after a thousand
years, the voice of Orthis had spoken
to the Galaxy. And it had been heard—
somewhere it had been heard.

  Ristin was saying, “So far only vague
rumor and hearsay is abroad. Every
operator who might have heard the
broadcast has been warned not to repeat
it but there are bound to be Orthists
among them. The fact that non-Vardda
worlds possess ultra-wave receivers for
use in their commerce with us is an
even more serious matter.

  “It stands thus—that in spite of the
news-services cooperation with us on
the matter it is slowly becoming public
knowledge that Orthis’ secret was found
and broadcast. At least three recordings
of it have been found and two written
copies. We can assume that there are
more.”

  Joris said grimly, “In other words—
the secret is out and everyone will soon
know that—and what are you going to
do about it?”

  “The Coordinator- of the Port has
summed it up,” Ristin agreed, coolly.
“What shall we do about it?”

  A tall Vardda leaped up and cried, “I
suggest that the first thing we do is to
execute these traitors I”

  There was a fierce chorus of agree-
ment from a few dozen voices. Ristin
rapped sharply for order.

  “I have reminded you that our para-
mount consideration is the ultimate best
interests of our people! Let us have no
more such outbreaks.”

  An older Vardda man rose in the tiers
and said quietly, “Before I advance my
suggestion I should admit that I have
always had secret Orthist sympathies.
I don’t think that I am the only one here.
You must allow for that.”

  He went on. “I would have liked long
ago to see this unnatural monopoly end-
ed. Now our hand has been forced. I
74	STARTLING STORIES

suggest that our best and wisest course
is to act at once—to declare publicly
that we Vardda are going to give the
secret to the whole galaxy.

  “The secret is out anyway. But by
acting quickly we can take credit for it.
We can aver that the broadcast was
made with our consent. Remember, in
a few generations other worlds will be
flying the stars—and we do not want
them cherishing a legacy of hatred for
us then!”

  Trehearne, listening, smiled grimly.
“Politics don’t change much across the
Galaxy.”

  “But it’s all we hoped fori” Edri
whispered. “It would work too.”

DISCUSSION, angry debate, had
sprung up. It went on and on,
passionate voices accusing and denying,
Ristin sternly maintaining order, bring-
ing back the argument to the main issue
time after time. Finally, in a lull of the
disputing voices, Joris swung around
and faced the Council.

  “Now listen to me,” the old man
roared. “You’d think the way some of
you talk that this meant the end of the
Vardda, the end of Llyrdis, the end of
everything. That’s utter asininity.

  “In the first place mutations don’t
take place overnight. It will be a genera-
tion or two before the other races start
going out between the stars in any num-
bers.”

  Trehearne saw that sink home. The
Vardda Council, being human, could not
worry too deeply for long about a future
they wouldn’t see.

  “And furthermore,” Joris bellowed,
“when every half-baked folk in the Gal-
axy does take to starflight, does that
mean the great Vardda trade is ruined
forever? Listen! We Vardda were the
first to go out to the stars. The first! Do
you think all the lubberly races of the
galaxy can compete with us out there?
Do you think so ?”

  He caught them with that, with the
Vardda pride, the Vardda glory. Tre-
hearne saw the strained faces changing.
Not all of them but many.

  Joris paused before he said his final

word. “Do you think there will ever be
a time when we Vardda can’t hold our
own ?”

  There was not much talk after that.
There were questions, protests, doubts,
but little more argument. All the argu-
ments had been spoken.

 “We have to decide this now or
never,” Ristin told them. “If we delay
longer there will not be a choice.”
Trehearne heard the resolution read
and the voting and the result. Not easily
could the Vardda yield! Forty-three vot-
ed against the resolution. But seventy-
nine for it.

  Ristin said, “It will be announced by
general broadcast tonight that, in view
of the advance of civilization on many
star-worlds, the Vardda deem the time
ripe to share the secret of mutation with
other selected races.”

  Quorn said, “It’s done. Trehearne, it’s
done.”

  Trehearne still could not quite grasp
that that simple statement marked a
change forever in the Galaxy, that with
it all human races began the great
change toward Galactic Man.

  “And these criminals who forced us
to do the thing?” demanded a Vardda
recalcitrant, glaring at Trehearne and
his fellows.

  “We have no choice there,” Ristin
said dryly. “To punish them for what
they did would belie our own announce-
ment. The ordinary charges against
them can be dismissed. The murder
charge has already been refuted by the
lady Shairn.”

  “So that for their crime they go un-
punished ?”

  Ristin sighed regretfully. “The inter-
ests of the state demand it. Yes.”
Trehearne’s comrades were breaking
down, half stunned, half incredulous of
the victory they had thought beyond
them. But strangely Trehearne was not
thinking of what they had won for the
galaxy races. He was feeling a pride
that Joris’ phrase “We Vardda” had
kindled in him.

 “We Vardda—”

  And he was one of them. He was one
of the star-lords, the first, the oldest,
THE STARMEN OF LLYRDIS

the greatest of the starmen.

  Edri was thinking of something else.
He had stepped forward amid the gen-
eral clamor to speak to Ristin. “There
is one more thing. Orthis—”

  “A cruiser has been sent to guard
his ship,” said Ristin.

  Edri nodded painfully. “But Orthis
was not ever child of a planet. He was
star-born, dwelling always between the
stars. He has sat long on that far world.
If his ship could take space again . . .”
Ristin said musingly, “A good
thought. By putting that ship into an
orbit around our system we’ll create a
monument that will remind all the
Galaxy that it was a Vardda who gave
them star-flight.”

  Edri turned to Trehearne and Joris.
He said, "Ortis is coming home.”

  It was then that he began to cry.

THE message left for Trehearne had
told him simply that Shairn would
be at the Silver Tower. It was handed
him when they finally emerged from the
Council chamber. Joris got him a car
and driver. Trehearne hesitated, sud-
denly hating to part from the old man.
Edri, and Quorn and the others had
their eager plans. But Joris took no joy
in their victory.

  “Had it been done a generation ago
my son would be a star-captain now,”
he muttered, in answer to Trehearne’s
awkward words. “Well—”

  The car took him out of Llyrdis,
smooth and fast, and the great flare of
Aldebaran sank toward the sea and
dusk came on. He saw the Silver Tower
glimmering in the twilight and the dark
figure down on the shadowy beach and
he went toward Shairn.

  He put out his arms toward her but
she held him off. She spoke to him
steadily, her face a white blur in the

76

dusk. “Let us have no hidden things
between us, Michael. I want you to
know. I hate you for what you have done
to the Vardda. I will always hate you
for that.”

  He was astounded, all the firm hopes
he had built up dissolving beneath him.
Shairn went on. "But I love you, Michael
—for everything else.”

  He had her in his arms then, all
doubts gone. He said presently, "You’ll
get over that resentment, Shairn.”
“No, Michael. It will always be there.
I warn you of that now!”

  Life with Shairn would be no haven
of peace, but he was not afraid. He
knew that he was not the man for too
much peace.

  They walked slowly back together
toward the Silver Tower. The stars
were burgeoning and Trehearne looked
up at them. He looked at the far faint
spark of little Sol and thought of Earth
and of a changeling born there who had
by miracle won his way home.

  That green and distant Earth knew
nothing yet of the battle fought and
won beyond the edges of the Galaxy.
But it had been Earth’s battle too and
she would know in time. Even to Earth,
when a generation had passed, the star-
ships would begin to go openly. And
with their internecine conflicts past, her
young men too would go out among the
stars to join the great march of Galactic
Man.

  And who could say where that march
might not lead them? To other galaxies,
other island continents of suns . . .

  Trehearne’s thoughts became lost in
the immensities of the future. He shook
his head and smiled and brought Shairn
closer to him in the circle of his arm.
They climbed the last of the steep path
in the gathering dark and the Silver
Tower took them in

NEXT ISSUE

 LETTEHS OF FIRE

Hollywood Goes All-Out for Atomic Space Writing

 A Short Novel by MATT LEE
Earthmen No More

       A Captain Future Novelet
       By EDMOND HAMILTON

                     CHAPTER I
                     The Awakening

STILL and cold in its lightless vault
of bone, the brain stirred feebly.
Slowly, slowly, it began to toake and
remember—timeless memories, flowing
across it in a dark inchoate tide from
nowhere into nothingness.

  He was alone in apace. Quite alone,
floating, turning, drifting. He had no
destination and he waa in no hurry. He

 had lost the Sun and the planets. There
 were not even any stars.

   He did not worry. The dead do not
 insist on stars. He had forgotten how he
 came to die and he was glad.

   After a long while, far distant in the

When the Futuremen
revived John Carey from
his deep freeze, he wanted to
go home—but where in space was home?

                                        76
infinite night, he saw a tiny gleam. He
regarded it without curiosity or fear
and then he realized that some inexor-
able current had caught him and was
sweeping him toward the light, hurling
him at it in a swift relentless rush. He
knew that he did not want to go to it—
but there was no escape.

  The little point of light leaped and
spread into a sun, a nova, a shattering
glare. Terror overcame him. He clawed
at the comforting darkness as it fled
past but he could not hold onto it and it
seemed to him that he could hear the

small thin shrieking of his body against
the void as it was sucked into the de-
vouring brilliance.

  There was a face between him and
the light, huge and awesome. He cried
out but no sound came and then it was
gone, the light, the face, even himself,
swallowed up in the quiet night.

  Memories—the aloneness, the remem-
bering, the timeless drift. A sound like
the rustle of far-off surf that booijied
louder and louder and became a voice
speaking out of the heavens, saying,
“Wake up, John Carey! Wake up!”

77
78	STARTLING STORIES

  And he thought he answered, “But I
am dead.”

  How had he come to die?

MEMORIES, groping, uncertain,
coming faster, clearer, clothed in
vivid color. A girl’s face, a girl’s red
mouth saying, “Don’t go. Don’t go if you
love me. You’ll never come back.”

  Men and a ship—a little ship, a frail
and tiny craft, it seemed, for the long
way it was going and the high dreams
it had. Hard-faced iron-handed men,
braver than angels and more hungry
than they were brave, hungry for new
worlds and the unknown things that lay
beyond the mountains of the Moon, be-
yond the still canals of Mars, beyond
the glittering deadly Belt.

  He remembered now the men and the
ship, how they had gambled their lives
against glory and lost. “We shot the
Asteroids,” he muttered, in the silence
of his mind. “Jupiter was there ahead
of us, a big golden apple almost in our
hands. I remember how the moons
looked, swarming like bees around it. I
remember . . .”

  The meteor—the tearing agony of
metal, the last glimpse of horror in the
ship before the air-burst took him with
it into space, through the riven pilot-
dome. The brief, bitter knowledge that
this was death.

  “Dead,” he said again. “I’m dead.”
The strange voice answered, “If you
want to you can live again.”

  He thought about that. He thought
about it for a long time in the darkness.
To live again—the light and the warmth,
the hunger and pain and hope, the want-
ing, the being able to want. He thought
and he was not sure and then at last he
whispered, “How? Tell me hoio!"

  “Open your eyes and come back, back
where the light is. You were here before,
don’t you remember? Open your eyes,
John Carey!”

  He did or thought he did and there
was nothing but mist, heavy darkling
clouds of it. Far, far away he saw the
gleam of light beyond him and he tried
to grope toward it but the mists were
very thick.

I can’t, he moaned. “I’m lost.”

  Lost forever, in darkness and cold.
“Come back!” cried the voice strong-
ly. “Come back and live!”

  He heard the sound of a hand strik-
ing smartly against flesh. After a while
he felt it. That little sharp pain some-
how managed to bridge a colossal gulf
and make him aware that he had a body.

  His brain oriented itself with a dizzy-
ing lunge. The mists tore away. He
woke.

  It was a full awakening. The explod-
ing nova resolved itself into a light-tube,
glowing against a low ceiling of metal.
The countenance that had loomed so
hugely above him became the face of a
man. A lean face, deeply bronzed with
the unmistakable burn of space, topped
with red hair and set with two level
grey eyes that looked straight into
Carey’s and made him feel somehow
safe and unafraid.

  “Lie still,” said the red-haired man.
“Get your breath. There’s no hurry.” He
turned aside and his hands, very strong
but delicate of touch, busied themselves
with a vial and a gleaming needle.

  Carey lay still. For the moment he
had not the strength to do anything else.
The room was small. It was fitted as a
laboratory, incredibly compact, and
many of the objects that his wandering
gaze passed over were strange to him.

  One of these objects was a small cubi-
cal case of semi-translucent metal, rest-
ing on a table. The surface nearest
Carey was fitted with twin lenses and
a disc, so that it bore an unsettling
resemblance to a face. Carey thought
vaguely that it must be some sort of a
communicator.

  Suddenly he said, “I’m in a ship.”
The red-haired man smiled. “How can
you tell? We’re in free fall.”

  “I can tell.” Carey tried to struggle
up. “But there are no ships beyond the
Belt! How . . Then he began to trem-
ble violently. “Listen,” he said to the
stranger. “Listen, I was killed, trying
to reach Jupiter. A meteor hit us and I
was blown clear, out into space with no
armor. I’m dead. I’m a dead man. I . . .”
“Steady on,” said the red-haired man.
EARTHMEN

"Easy.” He set the needle into a place
already swabbed on Carey’s naked arm.
Carey flinched. He sobbed a little and
then the trembling quieted.

  "I was dead,” he whispered, again.
"No,” said the red-haired stranger.
‘‘Not really dead. What we call the
space-death isn’t true death but cold
shock—an instantaneous stoppage of all
life processes. There’s no time for de-
terioration or cellular damage, no pos-

NO MORE	79

  It was only then that it penetrated
Carey’s stunned mind, the phrase that
had been used so casually a moment be-
fore.

  "You said, ‘In my time’,” he repeated.
"How long . . .” He stopped. His mouth
was dry. He tried again, forcing out the
words that did not wish to be spoken.
“How long was I asleep out there?”

  The man who called himself Curt
Newton hesitated, then asked, “What

CAPTAIN FUTURE

sibility of decay. The organism stops
short. It can, by certain means, be start-
ed going again.”

 He looked thoughtfully down at Carey
and added, "Many lives are restored
that way, lives that would have been
considered ended in your time.”

 Carey said numbly, “Then you found
me, floating in space, in frozen sleep?
You—revived me?”

 “Yes. Space law requires that any
ship-wreckage encountered on radar
must be investigated. That’s how we
found you.” The stranger smiled. “Wel-
come back to life, Carey. My name is
Curt Newton.”

year was it when you met disaster*
Carey?”

  “It was nineteen ninety-one. It was*
June, nineteen ninety-one, when we left
Earth.”

  Newton reached for a calendar pad,
held it up. He did not speak and theie
was pity in his eyes.

  Carey saw the date on it, and at first
it was too incredible to touch him. “Oh,
no,” he said. “Not all that time, all those
generations. No, it’s not true.”

  “It is.”

  “But it can’t be . ..” His voice trailed*
off. The numbers on the pad, the awful'
sum of years, blurred and darkened be-«
80	STARTLING STORIES

fore him. Once more he began to tremble
and this time it was for fear of life, not
of death. “Why did you bring me back?”
he whispered. “I have no place here. I’m
still a dead man.”

ABRUPTLY, from beyond the closed
bulkhead door, there came the
sound of footsteps. Strange steps, pon-
derous and clanking, as though someone
enormously heavy walked in metal boots.
Curt Newton turned his head sharply.

  “Grag!” he called. “Hold on there.
Wait!"

  The footsteps hesitated and a voice
from beyond the door said mockingly,
“I told you so. What do you want to do,
frighten the poor chap out of his wits ?”
The voice had a peculiar soft sibilance
of tone.

  It was answered by a rumbling metal-
lic growl, an utterly unhuman sound,
that seemed to have words in it Carey
got up. He clung to the edge of the sur-
geon’s table, fighting the weakness that
was on him, his eyes fixed on the bulk-
head door.

  “Carey,” said Curt Newton, “things
have changed and science has come a
long way. There are three others aboard
this ship besides myself. They’re not—
well, not quite human, as men of your
day understood the term. Even now, in
our time, they’re unique, created by
techniques far beyond the general
knowledge. But you must not be afraid
of them. They’re my friends and will be
yours.”

  A chill came over Carey, creeping
into his bones. He continued to stare at
the door. What waited behind it, what
monstrous things—not quite human,
not quite human. The words repeated
themselves in his brain, scuttling across
it like spiders spinning icy webs, tight-
ening until he could barely hear New-
ton's voice talking on.

  “Robot . . Faintly the voice came
and Carey stared at the door. The drops
of sweat ran slowly down his face.
“Robot, human in intelligence, created
by scientific genius . . .”

  There were sounds behind the door.
I There were presences not of the flesh.

Carey's mouth was dry with the taste of
fear.

  “. . . android, human in all respects
but created also in the laboratory . .

  Carey began to move toward the door.
What dreadful facet of the future had
he been cast into? What uncanny chil-
dren of this undreamed-of age were
lurking there behind that panel? He
could not bear to know but somehow
not knowing was worse. Not knowing
and wondering and thinking . . .

     . . the brain of a great scientist,
a human, kept alive for many years in a
special case . .

  Robot, android, living brain. A red-
haired man and a date on a calendar.
A ship where there are no ships, a life
where there is no living. A dream,
Carey—a dream you’re dreaming, drift-
ing along with the endless tides, the
dark night tides beyond the Belt. Open
the door, Carey. What difference in a
dream ?

  A human figure, lithe and graceful,
whose face had the unhappy beauty of
a faun, green-eyed and mocking. And
beside it a shape, a towering gigantic
manlike form built all of gleaming
metal. A shape that bent toward him,
reaching out its dreadful arms, glaring
at him with two round, flashing eyes.

  A harsh, toneless voice spoke close
behind Carey, saying, “Catch him, Cur-
-tis.”

  Carey looked for the source of the
strange voice. The cubical box that he
had taken for a communicator had risen
from its shelf, hovering upon tenuous
beams. And he saw that the surface
with the twin lenses and the disc was
indeed a face.

  “No,” said Carey. “Don’t touch me.
Don’t any of you touch me.”

  He made his way back into the little
laboratory. The room had closed in on
him. The darkening air pressed against
him like water. He was conscious that
his hands were cold, that his feet were
very heavy, treading on a surface he
could no longer feel.

  “I tried to soften the shock for him,”
Curt Newton was saying somewhere
across the universe.
EARTHMEN

  And the harsh voice of the cubical
metal case replied without inflection,
“Poor fellow, he has many shocks in
store.”

  Carey sat down. He put his face be-
tween his cold palms, and the knowledge
came to him, the truth that he had not
quite believed before but from which
now there was no escape.

  He had bridged the gulf of time. He
had left his own past in the dust of cen-
turies behind him and he stood face to
face with a future that was beyond his
knowing. He was brother to Lazarus,
come forth into an alien world.

CHAPTER II
Return from Space

HE could hear them talking. He did
not want to hear them. He did
not want to lift his head and see them
again. He did not even want to be alive.
But he could not help hearing.

  Grag’s booming voice, the thunderous
voice of the robot. “I didn't know, when
I fished him out of that wreckage, that
he had been floating there so long!”
The harsh inflexible voice of the metal
box, of the brain who had once been
Simon Wright, a scientist of Earth. “A
long time indeed,” said Simon Wright
and added slowly, “He is old, this man
—almost as old as space-flight.”

  The soft sibilance of the android, at
once cruel and compassionate. “It was
no kindness to bring this one back, Curt.
He’s as much alone in the world as we
are.”

 There was something in the attitude
of these three unhuman strangers that
struck Carey suddenly. It was a strange
thing, for one who had for all his life
been merely a man named John Carey,
of no particular importance to anyone
but himself. It was awe. And that real-
ization brought another with it—thac
John Carey was a creature as queer and
unreal to these beings of the future as
they were to him.

NO MORE	81

GRAG

  Curt Newton said to the android, "I
think you’re wrong, Otho. I think any
man with guts enough to buck the Belt
in those old tin skyrockets would rather
live, even in an unknown time, than
sleep eternity away.”

  Carey did not answer that. He did not
know the answer.

  “He creates a problem for us, Curtis,”
said Simon Wright. “And at a time
when we have a grave problem of our
own. You understand that.”

  “Yes.” Curt Newton went and stood
in front of Carey and spoke his name.
Carey looked up.

  “I want you to know one thing,” said
Newton. “You’re not alone, not without
friends. You’ll stay with us until you’re
oriented. After that—well, we have a
certain amount of influence and we’ll see
that you get a start on whatever sort
of life you may choose.”

  Still Carey did not answer.

  “Listen,” said Newton. “You were a
pioneer. Why you were or what you
wanted out of it I don’t know. But what-
ever it was you were trying to push the
frontiers back so you could get it. Well,
you succeeded, you and others like you.
Even in failure, you succeeded.

  “There are colonies on the farthest
82	STARTLING STORIES

moons. Men have even begun to reach
out to the worlds of other stars. You
helped to make all that possible, Carey,
and you’re alive to see it. Isn’t that
enough to make you want to live? Aren’t
you curious to see the civilization you
helped to build?”

  Carey smiled faintly. “Psychother-
apy,” he said. “We had it in my day
and it wasn’t any more subtle. All right,
Newton. I’ll be curious as hell when I
have time to think about it. Meanwhile
I’m alive—so I don’t really have any
choice, do I ?”

  He got up. Deliberately he forced him-
self to look at Grag and Otho and
Simon Wright.

  “All right,” he said to them all, to
no one. “I’ll get used to it in time. A
man can get used to anything if he has
time.”

  “Quite,” said the voice of Simon
Wright. “All of us have learned the
truth of that—even Curtis.”

  Carey tried in the period that fol-
lowed. But it was a hard thing to do.
To his own time-sense the great gap
between yesterday and today was only
an instant of sleep. He caught himself
often thinking of Earth as he knew it,
of the men and women who would be
there just as he had left them, of the
songs and the streets and the faces of
buildings, the uncountable small details
that make up the sum of an epoch.

  It was hard to teach himself that they
were there no more. But one or another
of his shipmates was always near him
and never let things get too bad. So
gradually, from constant association,
Grag and Otho and Simon Wright be-
came familiar to Carey and he no longer
felt that uncanny twinge when he was
near them.

  Simon remained enigmatic and re-
mote, an intelligence keen and brilliant
far beyond Carey’s power to understand,
wrapped in his own thoughts, his own
researches. Knowledge was Simon’s
thirst and his existence and it seemed
to Carey that, although Simon Wright
had been a man of Earth before his
brain was taken from his dying body
and preserved by the magic of a future

science, Simon had become the least
human of them all.

  Grag and Otho were easier. The an-
droid was so nearly human that only
now and again did a flicker of something
other-worldly in his green eyes remind
Carey that Otho was not as other men.
Even then it was impossible to feel any
horror of him. Carey had known a lot
of mothers’ sons but seldom one that
he liked as much as the sharp-tongued
ironic Otho, whose most pointed barbs
were tempered with pity.

  As for Grag, once Carey had got used
to his seven-foot clanking bulk and enor-
mous strength, he became fond of the
great robot, whose only faults were
over-enthusiasm and a certain lack of
judgment. It was, however, constantly
upsetting to Carey to realize that this
lumbering metal giant had quite as much
intelligence as he and a good deal more
knowledge.

  The man Curt Newton, the man many
called Captain Future, remained para-
doxically the most difficult to under-
stand of all the four. It was only bit by
bit from the others that Carey picked
up Newton’s story—his strange birth
and stranger upbringing in a lonely lab-
oratory hidden under the surface of the
Moon, an orphan with no other com-
panions than the three who were called
the Futuremen.

NO wonder, Carey thought, that with
such a background Newton was
withdrawn and guarded in his approach
to the ordinary relationships of men.
He, like his companions—and like Carey
too in this new incarnation of his—was
set apart forever from the normal
world. Carey sensed that the easy casual
manner of the red-haired man had been
painfully acquired, that beneath it lay
a dark and solitary creature, much bet-
ter not aroused.

  Carey soon discovered something else
about Curt Newton. He was angry and
it was no mere passing rage. It was a
cold black fury that rode him all across
the spatial gulf that plunged between
Saturn, whence he had come, and Earth,
where he was going. And the cause of it
EARTHMEN

was a message he had received from a
man named Ezra Gurney about another
man named Lowther.

  There was something about a monop-
oly on a certain kind of fuel, which was
going to put Lowther in control of all
shipping to and from the distant star-
colonies, which were not much at pres-
ent but would grow. It seemed that the
star-ships took on their high-potential
fuel for the long jump at Pluto, where
the radioactive ore was mined and re-
fined.

  And now, by devious manipulations
of hidden stock, Lowther had got con-
trol of the refining companies and raised
the price out of reach. There were ships
stranded at Pluto and men in an ugly
mood and Newton was heading fast for
Earth to see what he could do about it.

  It sounded a dirty enough deal and
Carey hoped that Newton would bring
Lowther to time. But this talk of star-
colonies and star-ships was beyond him.
His mind was still thinking of Jupiter
as the unattained and well-nigh unat-
tainable. Any problems of star-ships or
the men who flew them were distant and
unreal. Furthermore he was too deeply
immured in his own fears and loneli-
ness, in the strangeness of being alive.

  He began to think more and more of
Earth. He was hungry to see it, to feel
it under his feet again, to look up into
a blue sky at the familiar Sun. He had
been long away from Earth when he fell
asleep—an eternity, it had seemed, shut
up in an iron coffin outbound for Jupiter.

 He remembered now how they had
talked about Earth, crouching within
the narrow walls that hid them from
the black negation of space. The voices
still rang in his ears, the faces were as
clear as though he had only turned his
head away for a moment or two.

  Craddock and Szandor, Miles and Del-
aporte, Gaines, Coletti, Fenner—the red-
headed, the black and the fair—the dif-
ferent particular tricks of phrase and
expression, the kindness and cruelty and
courage and fear—the wisdom and the
folly, moulded together into the sepa-
rate forms of men. And they had talked
of Earth.

NO MORE	83

  They had planned what they would do
when they got back, with the wealth of
a new world in their hands. They had
talked of the women who would be wait-
ing for them, of the parades and the
speeches, the fame that would be theirs
around the globe. They had talked and
all the time the darkness that was just
beyond the hull had been listening with
a silent mirth and John Carey was the
only one who would ever come back
again.

  As the ship rushed nearer to the orbit
of Earth Carey’s eagerness increased
until it was like a fever in him. He talked
of home as those other men had talked
and Curt Newton listened with a kind
of pity in his eyes.

  "Don’t expect too much,” he said. “It’s
changed—but it’s still Earth, not Para-
dise.”

  The forward jets were cut in and the
ship quivered to the brake-blasts—not
the anguished uncertain shuddering of
the ships Carey had known but a con-
trolled lessening of speed. The green
remembered world came gleaming
across the forward port and Carey
stared at it, sitting motionless and ab-
sorbed, urging the misty continents into
shape, watching the oceans spread into
blueness and the mountains rise and be-
come real.

  Suddenly he was afraid. He covered
his face with his hands, and said, "I
can’t. I can’t walk like a ghost through
streets I never 3aw, looking for people
who have been dead for generations.”

  “It won’t be easy,” said Curt Newton.
“But you’ll have to. Until you do you’ll
be living and thinking in the past.” He
looked at Carey, half smiling. “After all,
you came into this world a stranger once
before.”

  "What will they say to me?” whis-
pered Carey. "How do people talk to a
dead man?”

  "As rudely as they do to everyone
else. And how will they know unless you
tell them? Come on, Carey, stiffen up.
Forget the past. Start thinking about
the future.”

  "Future!” said Carey and the word
had a strange hollow sound to him.
84	STARTLING STORIES

“Give me time. I haven’t caught up with
the present yet.”

  He was silent after that. Newton
asked for and got clearance for a land-
ing. The ship picked up her pattern and
spiraled in.

  Nothing was clear to Carey. Confused
vistas reeled and spun beneath him, a
huge monster of a city, the many-colored
patchwork of a spaceport, strange and
unknown, yet with a haunting familiar-
ity, like a language learned in childhood
and long forgotten. His heart pounded
fiercely. It was hard to breathe.

  The ship touched ground. And John
Carey had come home from space.

  He remained as he was, sitting still,
his fingers sunk deep into the padded
arms of the recoil-chair. Curt's Newton’s
voice was faint and far away. “Simon
and I are going to Government Center.
Grag will stay with the ship. But Otho
can go along with you if you like.”

  “No,” said Carey. “No thanks—I..
There was more he wanted to say but
he could not form the words. He got up
and went past the others, seeing them
only as shadows. The airlock was open.
He went out.

THE blaze of a summer sun smote
hard upon him. He looked up at
white clouds piling slowly in the sky
and thought out of some dim coign of
memory, Later there icill be a storm.
He began to walk across the concrete
apron, scarred with many flames. .

  This was the same spaceport. It had
to be for there was the city before him
and behind him was the sea. Here, from
a little field that had looked so big and
grand, the Victrix had taken flight for
Jupiter. Here a girl had said goodbye
and kissed him with the bitterness of
tears.

  But it was not the same. The little
field was swallowed up and gone,
drowned in the mighty rows of docks.
Where the administration building had
stood a white pylon towered up into the
clouds. The air was filled with the thun-
derous roar of ships, landing, taking off,
jets flaming, lean hulls flashing in the
sun.

  Great cranes clanked and rumbled.
Strings of lorries snorted back and
forth between the freight docks and the
warehouses and from beyond them
spoke the anvil voices of the foundries.
Atomic welders blazed like little suns
and the huge red tenders rolled ponder-
ously among the ships with their loads
of fuel.

  Carey walked slowly. He was listen-
ing to the music, the titan song of the
ships and the men who served them.
Good music to one who had first helped
to write it long ago. He listened and
was proud—not just for himself but for
Gaines and Coletti, Fenner and Miles
and Szandor, the men of his crew and
all the other crews who had christened
this port in their blood and flame.

  And suddenly the song was drowned
in the chattering voices of women. Peo-
ple surged around him, caught him up
and carried him on toward a great sleek
craft of silvery metal, with a name and
an unknown flag on her bow—Empress
of Mars. Trim young men in natty uni-
forms stood by her gangplank. High
heels clicked against the curving metal
with a sound as brittle as the voices.

  “Such a wretched cruise the last time!
I was simply bored to tears. . . .”

  “Well, Mars isn’t what it used to be.
so overrun with tourists. I went last to
Ganymede for a change and you have
no idea. . .

  A young girl, giggling—“It’s my first
trip and I'm just thrilled to death. Janet
said they have a simply heavenly or-
chestra on this ship!”

  Under the shrill incessant chatter lay
the heavier intermittent voices of men.
Rich men, stuffed with the tallow of
good living, men with big sweating
bellies sheathed in silk, comparing the
food and service on the Empress with
the Morning Star, that flew the luxury
run to Venus, and the Royal Jove. And
here and there among them an anxious
younger man with a red-mouthed wom-
an on his arm, underlings stripped to
their last nickel for the privilege of
rubbing shoulders with the elite on a
trip across space.

  A sickness came over Carey. He felt
EARTHMEN

smothered in perfume and smug sophis-
tication. He looked at the trim young
officers and hated them.

  Over the chatter and the cries an
annunciator, spoke with firm politeness.
“Last warning for Empress of Mars
passengers! The gangways close in six
minutes. Last warning. . .

  Carey stood, a silent unnoticed figure
in the crowd, thinking of other ships
and other men who had left Earth long
ago, and the sickness in him deepened.
Caught in the press of soft comfortable
flesh he heard gongs clanging and a
surge of voices and then the sibilant roar
that became a purring thunder as a
glistening fabric of shining metal lifted
skyward. Then he was swept away in
the backwash of people from the empty
dock.

 "She really earned a nice vaca-
tion. . .

    . . and those cruise-ships are so
much more fun than ordinary space-
trips. They have hostesses and games
and always something to do!”

  Carey stumbled out of the stream at
last into a little deserted backwater
around a tall pillar that stood at the
edge of the spaceport.

  There was gold lettering on it, only
a little dingy from the back-blast of
many ships. Carey saw a name he knew.

  He looked closer. It was a tall pillar
and he had to look high to see the legend
that read, TO THE PIONEERS OF
SPACE.

  Now he saw. Underneath that legend
were names, and dates. First the names
of the great trail-blazers.

 Gorham Johnson—Mark Carew—Jan
Wenzi—

 Wenzi . . . Once a small boy had
watched with worshipping eyes as a
grizzled one-armed man stumped toward
a ridiculous rocket-ship.

  A little farther down, not much. Lane
Fenner—Etienne Delaporte—William
Gaines—yes, all the Victrix crew includ-
ing John Carey, all with the golden stars
beside them that meant Lost in Space.

  Names—names and men, his friends,
his shipmates, his rivals. Jim Hardee,
the kid who had sat drinking with him

NO MORE	85

the night before he hit for Jupiter.
While he had lain dead in space young
Hardee had gone on, doing the big
things he dreamed of. And now, like the
others, he was only a dingy gold-letter
name on a forgotten monument.

  The voice of the annunciator pleaded
monotonously, "Will Pallas passengers
please report at once to Dock Forty-
four? Will Pallas passengers . . .”

  Old Wenzi and Jim Hardee and young
Szandor and Red Miles—yes, and he
himself, bucking the black emptiness
and the cold death to push the frontiers
out . . .

  "Attention, please,” said the mechan-
ical voice. “The liner Star of Veyius will
land at Dock Fourteen at exactly six-
ten. Those wishing to greet incoming
passengers . . .”

  Carey sat down on the steps of the
monument. Otho found him there, star-
ing at the bright crowds going back and
forth, listening to the voices and the
laughter, the swift proud thunder of
the ships.

  Otho touched his shoulder and after
a while Carey asked him tonelessly, "Did
we die for this?”

         CHAPTER III
         Men of Earth

FOR the better part of two days Curt
Newton was busy carrying his fight
against Lowther into one Government
office after another. And during that
time, with Otho determinedly sticking
to him to keep him out of trouble, Carey
wandered about in the city.

  It was very large. It had always been
so—the largest city on the world of
Earth. Now it was no longer merely
large but monstrous, bloated, towering,
spreading, gorged with humanity and
wealth. Yet it seemed less crowded than
Carey remembered.

  The buildings were taller now, fright-
eningly tall, and there were covered
walks of chrome and glassite spanning
86	STARTLING STORIES

the dizzy canyons in between, so that a
man might go across the city and never
touch the ground. Traffic ran on many
levels underneath. The streets were
quiet and clean and Carey missed the
brawling taxicabs, the surge and hum
of crowds.

  He watched the people who passed
him. The tempo had slowed since the
days he knew. Men and women strolled
now, where before they had almost run.
Their faces were a little different too,
more relaxed and satisfied. He did not
think that they were much happier or
wiser, certainly no more kind.

 Men and women, well fed, well
dressed, making money, spending it.
Palaces of entertainment, offering elab-
orate amusements to suit every taste.
Travel bureaus displaying their three-
dimensional living posters, urging peo-
ple no longer to visit Quaint Brittany
or the Romantic Caribbean but luring
them instead with the ancient Martian
cities and the pleasure-domes of trop-
ical Venus.

  Shop windows, full of marvels. Tenu-
ous spider-silks from Venus, necklaces
of Martian rubies like drops of blood
to glow against white flesh, jugs of curi-
ous wines from the moons of Jupiter,
the splendid furs of beasts that hunt
across the frozen polar seas of Neptune.

  We opened the way, Carey thought.
We died and they grow fat.

  Stone and steel and plastic and rare
metals to make the giant towers splen-
did. Soft colors, soft sounds of music
from garden terraces far above, where
the sea wind tempered the heat and set
the fronds of other-worldly shrubs to
rustling.

  Terraces where people sat feeding on
delicacies brought across space in fleets
of special ships, watching languidly the
musicians and the dancers who were as
alien as the exotic plants. Everywhere
was the pervading softness, the silk-
wrapped cushioned luxury, the certain
aase of men who have never had to fight.

  “You might as well see it all,” said
Otho. And so Carey visited the places
of amusement, the parks and the pleas-
ure gardens, and sat upon the perfumed

terraces, a dark and sombre shadow
among the butterfly crowds. And often
the women turned and looked at him as
though perhaps they saw in his faoe a
thing that was lost out of the men they
knew.

 Every landmark was gone, every
place he knew was changed. There was
no single street that he remembered.
And the names were gone too and the
faces, gone and utterly forgotten.

  Suddenly Carey glanced up at the
overtopping spires that leaned against
the sky and said, “I hate this place. I’m
going back to the ship.”

  Otho smiled a little wryly and they
returned to the port.

  Curt Newton came back almost as
soon as they. Simon was with him and
a grizzled leathery-faced man in uni-
form who was introduced to Carey as
Ezra Gurney.

  Otho studied Newton's face. “I was
going to ask you how it went,” he said,
“but I see—it didn’t go at all.”

  Newton shook his head. “No.” He
flung himself down, retreating into a
brooding silence. Carey saw his hard
dangerous anger.

  “What happened?” demanded Grag.
“You don’t mean to say they’re going to
let Lowther get away with it?”

  “There doesn’t seem to be any way
they can stop him,” said Ezra Gurney.
He had a hard honest -space-worn look
about him that Carey liked. He too was
angry.

  “The trouble is,” he explained, “that
Curt has no proof against Lowther.
There’s a half dozen refining companies
on Pluto and they’ve all raised their
fuel-prices together. Lowther only owns
one of them outright and in the open.

  “He says and they all say that mining
and refinery costs have gone up so that
they have to charge more for the fuel,
which is legal enough. All right. Now
we know that Lowther has used dummy
corporations and juggled stock and so
on until he actually controls the other
five companies. But we can’t prove it!

  “Curt went to everybody at Govern-
ment Center. They all said the same
thing. Such a charge would require hear-
EARTHMEN

ings, committees, investigation, all that
rubbish—weeks, months, maybe years,
because Lowther is smart enough and
rich enough to stall indefinitely and the
chances of nailing him are mighty slim.”

 “And in the meantime,” said Curt
Newton slowly, "the starmen are forced
either to sell out to Lowther for fuel or
to stay here in the System while their
wives and families and the communities
they’ve worked so hard to build go with-
out the supplies they need.

  "They’ll give in, of course, because
they have to go back—and Lowther will
gain a stranglehold on all the trade be-
tween the System and the colonies. In
twenty years he’ll be rich enough to buy
and sell the Sun.”

  Grag held out his two great metal
hands and looked at them, flexing the
fingers with an ominous small clanking
of the joints. "I vote,” he said, "that we
pay this Lowther a visit.”

  “What form of execution would you
prefer?” Otho asked him. “Being melted
down for scrap or converted into a nice
useful boiler? There’s a law against kill-
ing people, even for bucket-headed ro-
bots.”

  "Who said anything about killing?”
boomed Grag. “He could have an acci-
dent, couldn’t he?”

  "Preferably a bad one,” grunted Ezra.
“But I’m afraid that approach won’t
do.”

  "No,” said Curt slowly, "but I think
Grag has the right idea at that. I think
we ought to go and talk to Mr. Low-
ther.” He sprang up. "Come on, Carey,
this will interest you as a commentary
on the brave new world you helped to
build!”

  "I think I’ve seen enough of it,” Carey
said. “I don’t want to see any more.”

BUT he went with them. Only Simon
Wright stayed in the ship. They
took a car from the spaceport. Except
that it had wheels and seats it bore
little resemblance to the cars Carey had
known. Propulsion units sent it rushing
smoothly along the underground high-
ways.

  By the time they came out onto the

NO MORE	87

great elevated boulevards that led across
suburb and country the long summer
dusk was falling. Carey turned and
looked back. Outlined against the deep
blue the enormous bulk of the city blazed
with many-colored light. Even at this
distance it had an alien look to his eyes.

  The sleek suburban areas fled by. Be-
yond them the country still pretended
to be as it had been. But Carey’s more
primitive eyes detected the deception.
Artful hands had arranged the trees
and changed the courses of the brooks
and pruned the wild hedgerows into
pleasing vistas.

  The car left the highway and pro-
ceeded along a private road. Presently,
upon a slope ahead, Carey saw a grace-
ful structure of metal and glass, shaped
by a master hand to fit like a huge syn-
thetic jewel into its setting of terraced
gardens.

  The translucent walls gleamed softly
and strains of music drifted on the eve-
ning air. The gardens were full of fairy
lights. As they came closer Carey made
out the flutter of women’s skirts among
the flowers, heard the sounds of laugh-
ter.

  "Looks like a party,” said Otho. "A
big one.”

  “We’ll give him a party,” rumbled
Grag and cracked his metal knuckles.

  They came to the gates, which were
artistic but highly functional. Curt
Newton got out. He went to the small
viewer that was housed at one side and
pressed the communicator stud. After
a moment Carey saw him returning to
the car.

  “Mr. Lowther is engaged and can see
no one,” he quoted and then added,
"Particularly us.” He surveyed the
gates. "An electronic locking device,
operated by remote control or with a
light-key—neither of which helps us.
Grag, would you care to see what you
can do about it?”

  Grag’s photo-electric eyes gleamed as
he heaved himself out of the car and
strode toward the gates. For a minute
his enormous bulk was motionless, lean-
ing forward a little with his hands on
the bars, testing the resistance. Then he
M	STARTLING STORIES

moved. There was a groaning and snap-
ping and a metallic squeal and the gates
were open.

  The car drove on into the grounds.
“There was an alarm on the gate, of
course,” said Newton. “They’ll be wait-
ing for us and I don’t want any trouble.
We had better get out here and go 'round
through the gardens.”

  The air was heavy with the scent of
flowers. It was warm and on the terraces
the white shoulders of women turned
back the moonbeams. The music ran
slow and lilting and there was laughter
under the colored lights. Curt Newton
walked through the gardens and after
him came Grag and Otho and John
Carey, who was moving in an unreal
dream.

  One by one the dancing couples saw
them and the laughter stopped. The
swirling skirts were still and the faces
watched them, not with fear but with
an amazement, as children might look
at sombre strangers invading their nurs-
ery. The music continued, soft and
sweet.

  Along the paths between the droop-
ing jasmine and the great pale blooms
of Venus, across the terraces, through
a sliding wall wide open to the night,
and into a pastel room with a vast ex-
panse of mirror-like floor surrounded by
graceful colonnades—and here too the
dancers drew back from the intruders.

  Then, from one of the archways, came
a group of men headed by a tall man no
older than Curt Newton. He wore a
dress tunic of black silk and his hair
was black and his face had a clear
healthy pallor. Carey thought that it
was the sort of skin a woman might
have, shaped smooth over handsome
bones and set with wide dark eyes. Only
there was nothing womanish about Low-
ther’s face if by womanish you meant
weak or pitying or possessing any soft-
ness of heart.

  The men with him were of a type
Carey knew and detested. They were
the kind who are always somewhere
around a man like Lowther.

  The two groups came to a halt and
eyed each other. Lowther said, “If you

came to say something, say it and get
out.”

 Newton put one hand on Carey’s
shoulder and pointed with the other to
Lowther. “There he is, Carey—the most
important man in the Solar System. Oh,
the System doesn’t know it yet but he is.
And he’s modest too. He owns all the
refineries on Pluto but you’d never know
it to look at the records.”

  He had raised his voice a bit so that
it could be heard clearly above the mu-
sic. A considerable crowd had collected,
drawn in from the gardens, and there
were plenty to hear.

LOWTHER came closer to Newton.
He started to speak and Newton
went on smoothly, politely, drowning
him out. “My friend has been away from
Earth for a long time, Mr. Lowther. I
wanted him to meet you, so that he
could see the type of man we produce
now, the successful man. I thought it
might teach him a lesson while he’s still
young enough to profit by it.

  “You see where 3rou made your mis-
take, Carey? You went pioneering, and
got nothing out of it but hardship and
danger and sudden death. You should
have stayed at home like Mr. Lowther
here, using your wits and letting others
do the dirty work of opening up new
worlds. See what you’d have had—a fine
house, a host of friends, a good steady
business with no competition?

  “After awhile, with patience and good
judgment, you’d have owned the ship-
ping-lines to which at first you only sold
fuel. Doesn’t it make you ashamed,
Carey, to think of how you wasted your
youth—just as the starmen stranded
out there on Pluto are wasting theirs ?”

  Lowther’s face was even whiter than
before except for two streaks of dull
red along his cheekbones. “Listen,” he
said, “if you’re so worried about the
starmen, you’d better get word to them
to watch their step or they’ll be in real
trouble.

  “They’re threatening to resort to vio-
lence and I’m leaving for Pluto in the
morning to see that my property is pro-
tected. I don’t know exactly what you’re
EARTHMEN

trying to do, Newton, but even you can’t
buck the law—and neither can your
friends.”

  Newton’s face was tight and dark
but his voice was soft. “There are laws
and laws,” he said. “Some of them are
so basic they haven’t even been written
down. Perhaps someday soon we’ll have
a longer talk about laws.”

  He turned abruptly and went back
down the long room with the glassy
floor and the others went with him.
Lowther followed them at a distance,
looking after them as they left the
grounds.

  In the car, speeding back toward the
city, Grag said regretfully, “Why didn’t
you let me wring his neck?”

  “He may get it wrung yet out on
Pluto,” answered Curt. “When the star-
men there find out that I couldn’t do
anything for them they’ll try to do some-
thing for themselves.” He turned sud-
denly to Carey. There was a hard reck-
less glint in his eyes.

  “Carey,” he said, “do you want to
come with us out to Pluto and see a
fight?”

  Carey shrugged heavily. “Pluto, An-
tares—what difference does it make
where I am? Yes, I’ll go. I’ll go any-
where that isn’t Earth.”

  He was sick with Earth and opulence
and the greedy faces of men. The old
horizons were gone and even Pluto, that
distant stepchild of the Sun, was the
seat of monopoly and all the ugly things
that had plagued mankind since the be-
ginning. But it would be a change from
Earth.

  Otho said to Curt, “You’re not really
going to egg them on to fight?” He said
it not with reproof but with hope.

  Curt answered grimly, “No. They’d
only get themselves killed without ac-
complishing anything. Lowther was
right. As of now the law is all on his
side.”

  He was silent and then he said, “No,
it was another kind of fight I had in
mind.”

  He said nothing more, until they
reached the spaceport. Then he grinned
it Carey, a grin without much humor

NO MORE	89

in it. “I know what you need,” he said.
“Grag, go on back to the ship and keep
Simon company. Otho and I will help
Carey drown his sorrows.”

  Grag went off. Newton and Otho took
Carey some distance around the peri-
phery of the port. There was an endless
number of joints along the fringe, some
of them fashionable, some catering to
ordinary spacehands. They entered one
of the latter. There were a bar and
booths and tables and Carey thought
dully that this at least had not changed.

  They sat down. Through the window,
which looked out on the flash and thun-
der of the port, Carey could see the rows
of docks and the long sheds with the
names on them of this and that line or
company. One of them said LOWTHER
MINING CORPORATION and there
was a sleek ship in its dock with an end-
less conveyor taking cases of supplies
up its gangway.

  “Lowther’s ship, getting ready to take
him off to Pluto tomorrow,” said New-
ton harshly.

  Otho raised his glass toward it. “Con-
fusion to it,” he said.

  Newton moodily watched the distant
ship. Carey felt the unfamiliar liquor
explode in him like liquid fire. Otho
signaled and presently there was an-
other glass in Carey’s hand.

  He was in no mood to refuse it. He
had been a long, long time in space, his
awakening had been hard, his home-
coming bitter. The future was a cold
and formless presence, crouched behind
a dark curtain.

  Carey drank.

  There was an interval wherein he
knew that he talked but was not sure
what he said. Then he found himself in
cool night air and Otho’s arm was help-
ing him into a ship.

  Even through his haze, Carey knew
Simon Wright’s toneless voice by now.
“Where is Curtis?” it demanded.

  “He’ll be along,” Otho said easily.
“This way, Carey—you need sleep.”

  It was later—how much later he could
not guess—when Carey half-roused to
voices. Simon’s inflectionless voice and
Curt's.
STARTLING STORIES

90

  “—and you won’t tell me what you’ve
been up to?” Simon was saying.

  “There’s nothing to tell, Simon. We
got nowhere with Lowther so we came
back. Now we’ve got to go out to Pluto
and see if we can stop him there.”

  “Curtis, I know you and I know that
you have done something. Well, we shall
see. But one thing I am sure of and that
is that someday your anger will outrun
your wisdom and bring you to disaster.

  Carey drifted into sleep again. He
did not even rouse to the shock of take-
off. When he woke, the ship was on its
way to Pluto.

CHAPTER IV
Earthmen No More

THEY made the long sweeping curve
to escape the pull of Neptune and
ranged in toward the dim speck that
was Pluto. The jumping-off place of the
Solar System, with nothing beyond it
but interstellar space, riding its dark
cold orbit around a Sun so distant that
it seemed no greater than the other
stars.

  Yet even here, if wealth was hidden
away, man would find it. Carey thought
that undoubtedly a few shrewd souls
would have set up concessions for min-
ing coal in Hell.

  He had watched all the way out from
Earth but with only a flicker of the ex-
citement he would once have known. He
was interested, of course, because it was
his first trip beyond the orbit of Jupiter.
But the thrill was gone. People talked of
going out to Saturn or Uranus now as
they had once talked of going out to
California. It gave Carey, somehow, a
feeling of having been cheated. In his
day going to Mars had been a big thing
and fraught with danger.

  From a featureless fleck of reflected
light almost too faint to be seen Pluto
grew into a recognizable world—a dark
world with black wild mountains shoot-
ing up against the stars and eerie seas

of ice. There was something so cruel
and ghostlike in the look of it that Carey
could not repress a shudder.

  It seemed rather like an invader from
outer space than a member of the fa-
miliar System, the more so since in buJk
and mass and composition it bore a
ghastly resemblance to Earth as though
alien demons might have made it as a
joke.

  They were a little ahead of Lowther.
They had not had much start on him but
they had a faster ship.

  “We’ll have a little time,” said Curt.
“Even a few hours might be enough to
talk some sense into Burke and the
others.”

  Burke, Carey gathered, was captain
of one of the two star-ships fighting the
battle over fuel, was more or less the
leader of both crews.

  “They counted on help from the Gov-
ernment,” said Otho. “When they find
out what’s happened they’re going to be
hard to hold.”

  “We’ve got to hold them,” Curt an-
swered grimly. “They’ll blow their only
chance if they start fighting.”

  Simon said nothing but his lens-like
eyes followed Curt intently. The for-
ward jets began to thunder and the
Comet, still curving, entered its long arc
of deceleration.

  As they swept closer Carey saw that
the frozen plains were pocked with
craters, and that some of the mountain-
peaks had been shattered by caroming
meteors. The lunar desolation of the
world was hideous. Carey thought what
it must be like to live and work here.

  “The refinery men get relief at reg-
ular intervals,” Curt told him. “And
there are a couple of small domed cities
around on the other side.”

  Carey nodded. “Even so Pluto seems
a stiff place for them.”

  “It is,” said Curt. “You’ll see.”

  The televisor buzzed. They had been
coming in on the automatic beam but
now somebody wanted to talk to them.
Curt opened the switch.

  A man’s face appeared on the little
screen. It wore the expression of one
who has been handed a hot wire and
EARTHMEN

doesn’t know how to let go of it. ‘‘Low-
ther Mines speaking,” it said. “Identify
yourself.”

  Newton did and the man’s face grew
more unhappy. “We can’t very well stop
you from landing,” he said. “But keep
your distance from the domes—no closer
than a hundred yards. There’s a charged
barrier.” He added, “We’re well armed.”
The screen went dark. Curt shook his
head. “They’re all set for trouble. Let’s
hope it hasn’t already started.”

  Curt set the Comet down at last, on
the edge of a vast white plain where it
struck against a mountain wall. Carey
saw two great dark hulls looming near
them with only their mooring lights
showing. Well over a hundred yards
away, sunk into the living rock of the
cliffs so that only the outer bulwarks
showed, was a series of steel-and-con-
crete domes.

  Northward along the plain, in a sec-
tor marked off by beacons to warn away
incoming ships, were other domes. Here
there were rifts and gouges in the bar-
ren rock of Pluto, hulks of strange ma-
chinery and structures of various sorts
whose uses Carey could not be sure of.

  Occasional lights gleamed but noth-
ing moved. The diggers and the ore-
carriers were still and no clouds of va-
por came from the buried stacks of the
refineries.

  “They’re shut down tight,” said Curt.
"Regular state of siege.” He looked at
the others. “Don’t forget what our
friend said about the barrier.”

  They put on protective coveralls—
except for Grag and Simon, who needed
no such protection. Curt had handed
Carey one of the suits. “You’ve come all
the way out and you might as well see
the fun,” he said.

  Then they went out into the black
Plutonian night toward the star-ships.
It was intensely dark, colder than any-
thing Carey remembered except that
one split-second touch of open space.

  Carey stared at the distant mockery
of a Sun, overcome with tho feeling that
he was indeed on the outer edge of the
universe. He was so occupied by his
sensations that he was taken completely

NO MORE	91

by surprise when men rose suddenly
out of the hollows of the ice and closed
around them.

  A torchbeam flashed out and struck
Curt full in the face. He said, "Burke?”
and from beyond the light a voice grunt-
ed, "Okay, relax. It’s him.”

  “What’s the idea?” Curt demanded.
“Well,” said Burke, “we picked up
your call but we wanted to be sure it
really was you and not one of Lowther’s
smart tricks.”

  “Or,” said Curt, “did you hope maybe
it was Lowther himself, trying to get
behind the barrier before you knew who
he was?” He glanced around at the
shadow-shapes of the men, who were
numerous and armed.

  "Maybe,” said Burke. He switched
the beam around the Futuremen and
onto Carey. “Who’s this?”

  “He’s not Lowther either. His name
is Carey and he’s a friend of mine.”
Burke nodded briefly. His attention
returned to Newton. ‘‘What’s the news?
What did they say on Earth?”

  “Let’s go on to your ship,” said Curt.
“I’ll tell you about it there.”

 Burke and the others must have
known from the way he said it what
the answer was going to oe. But they
turned silently and went back across
the ice with the Futuremen and Carey
into their ship.

  They had the port shutters down but
there was light inside. It felt very warm
to Carey after the spatial chill. They
stripped off their heavy garments and
went aft into the main cabin, sorting
themselves out so that the officers of
both star-ships sat down around the
battered table and the crews crowded
where they could in the passageways to
listen.

CAREY stood unnoticed in a corner
of the cabin. He could see these
starmen now. They had large scarred
hands and faces burned dark as old
leather. Their uniform jumpers were
worn and their boots were shabby and
they wore their greasy caps in a certain
way that Carey remembered. He saw
the sort of eyes they had too—and those
92	STARTLING STORIES

he remembered alao.

  Burke leaned forward across the
table. He had an oblong face that was
mostly bone and sinew like the rest of
him and a hungry look around the
mouth. “All right,” he said. “Now tell
us.”

  Curt Newton told them and as he
talked Carey watched the starmen. An
eerie feeling crept over him that he had
known these men before. He had served
with them in the little ships that fought
their way along the planetary roads that
seemed then so long and hard. It was
strange to see these men again, to know
that they still lived. He could almost
have called them by name except that
their faces had altered a bit and he could
not be sure.

  Burke was talking. “If they won’t do
anything we’ll have to do it ourselves.
And we will! I’m not going to sell our
ship to that pirate for a load of fuel.”
Curt said, "The law—”

"To blazes with the law! When it
starts protecting thieves instead of hon-
est men it’s time to forget the law.”
There was no cheering or loud talk.
There was only a harsh mutter of assent.

  "Listen,” Curt said."You can’t smash
into the domes and take the fuel. You
know what they’ve got ready for you.”
“We don’t have to smash in,” said
Eurke. “Lowther’s on his way here. We
intercepted his message saying so. Well,
he can’t land behind the barrier. There
isn’t room.”

  Curt nodded. “The same thing you
pulled with me. Get Lowther in your
hands . . .”

  “And kill him, if we have to,” Burke
finished quietly. “But we’ll get our fuel.”
For the first time Simon spoke. “That
is murder.”

  Burke shrugged. “They’ll have to come
a long way to catch us.” He added in a
sudden fury, “Murder, is it? We’ve got
our wives and families out there! They
need the medicines, the tools, the seeds.
What if they die for want of them ? Isn’t
that murder too?”

  Simon said, “If you kill Lowther you
can never come back for more.”

  Curt had got to hi6 feet. He was about

to speak Then Carey heard a voice
clamoring over the annunciator, crying,
“Radar room! We’ve just picked up
Lowther’s ship! He's still in free fall
but he’s coming!”

  Carey saw the fierce excitement that
took the starmen. There was a sudden
wolfish shouting, a ringing of boots on
the deck-plates. Burke was yelling or-
ders. The men in the passageways began
to move.

  Burke faced Curt Newton. “Well?”
Curt said, “Hold your men back.”
There was a tenseness about him now.
It seemed to Carey that he was listening
for something. “Hold them back!”
Burke’s face hardened. “I couldn’t if
I wanted to.” He added slowly and mean-
ingly, “They’ll trample anybody that
gets in their way.”

  He turned his back on Newton then
and for a time nothing more was said
or done. They listened to the voice of
the radar man, calling out the position
of Lowther’s ship. The voice became
more and more puzzled.

  Simon’s lens-like eyes were fixed in-
tently on Curt Newton.

  “He’s still in free fall,” said the radar
man. “He hasn’t started his curve yet
and the indicators don’t show any rock-
ets.”

  Burke put his mouth close to the
speaker-grid. “Communications,” h e
said. “Are you getting anything from
Lowther’s ship?”

  The answer came back, “No. The
Company station is calling Lowther but
he doesn’t answer. It's like he hasn’t
any power.”

"Still no rockets,” said the radar man.
“I can’t figure this one. He’s way past
his point of approach and going wide.”
"Still no signals,” put in Communica-
tions. “He doesn’t answer.”

  “Going wide—” The voice of the radar
man reached a tight pitch of excitement.
“He’s lost his landing-curve! He’s head-
ing right out into space with no rock-
ets!”

  For some odd reason Curt Newton
seemed to relax. But Burke and the
other officers stared at each other with
dawning comprehension and then with
EARTHMEN NO MORE	95

a joy that was more savage than their
anger.

  “He’s out of fuel,” said Burke. “Noth-
ing else would kill both his rockets and
communications. He’s out of fuel and
heading right out into the stars in free
fall with no power.”

  He began to walk back and forth with
short steps as though he could not bear
to be still. His hands gripped fiercely at
the air. “We don’t have to kill him now.
It’s done and not a finger laid on him.
And it’s better—better! He’ll learn be-
fore he dies. He’ll learn what it means
to be between the stars with no fuel!”
Curt Newton turned sharply toward
the door.

  Simon glided before him. “Curtis,” he
said, “this is your doing.”

  Curt said quietly, “Get out of my way,
Simon. I’m going after him.”

  Burke heard. So did the others. Carey
saw them move toward Newton.

 “What do you mean—going after
him?” cried Burke.

  “There are other men in that ship
besides Lowther. There’s no reason why
they should die.”

  “Oh no,” said Burke softly. “You’re
not going to bring him back.”

  Carey saw them closing in around
Newton and he pushed in to stand with
Otho beside the red-haired man.

  “Listen,” said Newton. “I’ve fought
for you. I’m still fighting for you. Are
you going to trust me or aren’t you ?”
Burke’s glance wavered before his.
But he said, “It don’t make sense to
bring him back.”

  “Let him go,” said Simon Wright
slowly. “He has done this thing for you.
Now let him finish it.”

UNCERTAINLY, reluctantly, Burke
stepped aside and Curt Newton
went out of the star-ship with Carey
and Otho and Simon Wright.

  Not until the Comet was rising up
from Pluto on a jet of flame, rushing
out into the vast darkness where Low-
ther’s helpless ship was gone, did Simon
speak again. He asked tonelessly, “How
<3id you do it, Curtis?”

  Newton shrugged but would not meet

his gaze. “There’s a certain chemical,
you know, a pinch of which can kill a
whole tank of ship-fuel. An anti-cata-
lytic. Well, that night before we left
Earth, I slipped into Lowther’s ship and
used it to kill his Number Six, Seven
and Eight fuel-tanks.”

  He shrugged again. “One to Five
would take him out around Neptune,
I knew. But then he’d run out and
couldn’t curve in toward Pluto.”

  “But why?” Carey asked puzzedly.
“Why do it and then save him?”

  Simon said, “I can guess why. But I
tell you, Curtis, even if you succeed it
was harebrained. Once in the past your
rashness made outlaws of us four. It
could happen again.”

  No more was said until Curt New-
ton’s masterful piloting brought the
Comet at last alongside the dark silent
ship that was steadily falling toward
infinity. The emergency locks were
coupled together with magnetic grap-
ples. Curt and Otho were armed and
Grag stood behind them like an iron
colossus, guarding the narrow passage.

  The locks were opened and Curt stood
facing Lowther. Watching from the
background Carey caught a glimpse of
Lowther’s face, ugly with fear, with
hatred.

  “I might have known it would be
you,” he said to Curt Newton. “You
caused our fuel to go dead. How you did
it I don’t know but—”

  “You can’t prove that,” said Newton.
He spoke to the men who were crowd-
ing behind Lowther. “Take i easy,” he
told them. “You’re in no danger.”

  A ray of hope crept into Lowther’s
eyes. “You’re going to take us back?”
“Well,” said Newton, “I can’t tow
you for my stern-grapples aren’t work-
ing. And my ship is small. I could take
off your officers and crew but I’m afraid
there wouldn’t be any room for you.”
Lowther thought about that. Carey
could see it in his face—the visualization
of his ship plunging on and on into the
great deeps with him alone in it.

  “You couldn’t do that,” he whispered.
“I wouldn’t have any choice,” said
Newton.
94	STARTLING STORIES

  Carey saw Lowther’s face whiten and
crumble until it was hardly human.
Then Newton said, “However, I might
sell you fuel to get back to Pluto.”
Shrewd and biting even through the
terror Lowther’s eyes fastened on him.
“Now we’re getting to it,” he muttered.
“All right, what’s the price?”

  “As you know,” said Curt, “fuel is
very high these days. But I'm not out
for profit. You sign over all rights in
all your Pluto mines and refineries to a
Government foundation, for the fur-
therance of travel and exploration
among the stars. And I’ll let you have
a bunker full.”

  Something like a smile touched Low-
ther’s mouth. He smothered it at once,
beginning to protest and threaten, but
Curt shook his head. “Oh, no,” he said.
“There will be no repudiation of this
deal later on when you’re safe on Pluto.
You’re going to make out a full confes-
sion of your activities in gaining control
of the five other companies. It will be
kept in a safe place. And just to make
doubly, sure . .

   Here he pointed to a fat-joweled little
man behind Lowther’s shoulder—a man
whom Carey recognized as one of the
group who had been with Lowther that
other time on Earth.

  "... to make doubly sure,” Curt was
saying, “you will go into another cabin
and write out a separate confession. As
Lowther’s secretary you know every
angle of that deal because you helped
him. And if the two confessions don’t
match I will know that someone is lying
—and that will be two people there
won’t be room for in my ship.”

  He turned again to Lowther and
waited. Three different times Carey saw
Lowther start to speak, and give it up.
At last he made a gesture of defeat and
Curt motioned him into the Comet. The
secretary whimpered once and disap-
ipeared.

NEXT

  Less than an hour later, Curt Newton
had the signed irrevocable papers and
Lowther had his fuel.

*****

  Time had passed. The two great ships
on the white plain of Pluto were ready-
ing for take-off. Rock and ice quivered
to the deep hum of great generators
running on test. Men were feverishly
busy around the gangways.

  Carey came hastening across the ice
to where Newton and the Futuremen
were watching. And as he ran he felt
buoyantly and fully alive for the first
time since his strange awakening.

“I’m going with them!” he cried. “I
talked to Burke. He signed me on and
I’m going with them—out to the stars!”
Otho laughed and said to Newton,
“You were right about him.”

  Suddenly Carey understood. He said,
“That’s why you brought me out here
with you? You knew!”

  The red-haired man nodded. “I knew
that only out on the edge, out on the
frontier, would you find your own kind
again.”

  Newton paused and added, “You’re
not the only one, Carey. I’ve seen it
happen over and over again to spacemen
in my own time. They go out young and
eager, dreaming and talking of how
someday they’ll come back to Earth
with wealth and glory and live there
happy the rest of their lives. And when
they come back they find they can’t do
it, they find they’re Earthmen no more.’’
“Earthmen no more,” Carey repeat-
ed, wonderingly. “Why, yes. That was
it, of course. It wasn’t Earth that
changed so much. It was me.”

  From the distance, amplified by an
annunciator loudspeaker, roared Burke’s
voice. “Time to lift, starmen!”

  And Carey, slipping and hurrying,
went back across the frozen plain, to-
ward the ships and stars that waited.

ISSUE

BIRTHPLACE OF CREAT1ION

Another Captain Future Novelet by EDMOND HAMILTON
     plunged down
 stair, jumping
 over tho things ©«
 the landings

Then Fly Our
GREETINGS

by

MARGARET ST. CLAIR

Science discovers
the secret of
mutual lepulsionl

KYLE sat in a pool of light. The rest
of the dim room glittered with
gold braid. He felt a littte hysterical. He
said, “I’m sorry, gentlemen, but I don’t
see the bearing of your questions. I
don’t believe it could possibly be used
as a weapon.”

“Never mind that,” the cool voice
said. Kyle could not see any of their

faces distinctly. “That is our problem,
not yours. But can we take it that the
description here”—he tapped the copy of
the March issue of Scientia Nova, which
lay before him on the long table—“is
substantially correct?”

  "Yes, sir. As far as it goes.”

“I must say I’m disappointed, gentle-
men,” an older voice broke in. “I had

95
99	STARTLING STORIES

understood the effect was to make them
fight. They don’t fight?”

  Kyle was not sure who had spoken.
He turned to face the direction from
which he thought the voice had come.
“No, sir. I don't think it would be pos-
sible to make the animals fight. You see,
in order to fight they’d have to come
into contact and that’s just what they
don’t want to do.

  “The effect is not to cause hostility
but a strong, really a very strong mutual
repulsion. They behave like—like bodies
with the same electrical charge.”

  “A moment ago you said the account
in the magazine was correct as far as
it went,” said the cool voice. “Do you
mean that you have made additional
experiments since? Have you tried
your invention on the higher animals?”
“It’s not an invention—I beg your
pardon, sir. But I myself have as yet no
clear idea how the effects are produced.
Yes? I have made a number of experi-
ments with mammals, including three
rhesus monkeys.”

  A ripple of excitement ran along the
shadowy table. “And what was the
result?” the cool voice asked.

  “I got no result at all with the lower
frequencies, the frequencies to which
the lizards had responded. Higher fre-
quencies, had the usual effect. I don’t
want to generalize without more data
but it looks as if there might be a re-
lationship between the frequencies to
which an animal would respond and the
degree of its cortical development.”
Somebody cleared his throat. The
elderly voice said, “You mean you got
the monkeys to fight?”

  “No, sir, they didn’t fight. What they
did was break open the cage. I still don’t
know how they managed it—it was re-
inforced steel mesh. One of the monkeys
stayed in the cage. I found another at
the end of the laboratory, as far from
the cage as she could get.

  “The third monkey, the one we called
Rita, got out of the lab somehow. She
must have hurt herself doing it—there
was considerable bleeding. I don’t know
where she went. I haven’t been able
to locate her yet”

Alow-pitched hum of talk broke
out. Kyle, shutting his eyes
against the flood of light that fell
around his chair—the only bright light
in the big room—thought he could make
out a word now and then.

  “The public . . . opinion ... no op-
position . . . humane.” He thought he
heard the last word over and over again.

  A voice Kyle had not heard before,
a voice with great authority, said, “Can
Mr. Kyle tell us whether this mutual
repulsion is permanent?”

  Kyle opened his eyes, blinking. “Until
two days ago, sir,” he said, “I should
not have been able to answer the ques-
tion. But on Thursday I observed that
the phase of repulsion had been suc-
ceeded in the guinea pigs by an anti-
phase in which the social instincts were
considerably exaggerated. When one of
them was taken away from the group it
showed marked distress and attempted
to bite.”

  “Most interesting,” said the author-
itative voice. “That removes the final
objection, to my mind.”

  “Of course,” said Kyle, forgetting his
instructions, which had been to speak
only when he was addressed, “I can’t
say how long this anti-phase may last
or what might succeed it.”

  Several people cleared their throats.
The cool voice said, “You may go now,
Mr. Kyle.”

  Kyle got to his feet. He was stiff
from nervous tension and fatigue. As
he approached the door the agents who
had brought him to the Nonagon fell in
on either side of him.

  When they were outside the door the
taller agent said, “You’re to go with us,
Kyle. We’ll take you to your new lab.”
*****

  She loved them, Vinnie thought, she
just loved all of them. How right Father
Glorious had been! Love was the golden
key that unlocked the heart of each and
every one of God’s creatures.

  What had the white lady on the second
floor in millinery said this morning?
Something about how Vinnie was the
little girl with the big friendly smite.
THEN FLY OUR GREETINGS

97

That was a nice thing to think about.
If you loved people they’d never hurt
you. It just went to show.

  “Watch your step, please watch your
step,” Vinnie said, opening the elevator
door with her thin brown hand. She
tried to put the love abounding Father
Glorious was always talking about into
her voice.

  Her back did hurt but you oughtn’t
to let material things bother you—
Father said so. Besides, it was closing
time for the store. She’d only have to
make one or two more trips today.
“Watch your step,” Vinnie sang, “please
watch your step!”

  She closed the door and started back
to the third floor for more passengers.

car, as far from each other as they could
get. Was something going to happen,
something terrible—an earthquake, a
hurricane?

  The elevator reached the mezzanine.
Vinnie opened the door. “Watch your
step, please,” she said, her voice coming
out higher than she had intended it.
“Please wa—” her voice broke off.

  She felt a sensation so strong that
it was translated into an emotion in-
stantly. It was intenser than anything
she had yet experienced in her eighteen
years. For a moment she was a jelly of
confusion and bewilderment. Who was
—what—what ? Her mind swayed like
a balancing toy. Then it righted itself.

  “Get out,” she said to her passengers.

Weapons of Destruction-.

  r T'S a safe bet that every one of us alive at present is pondering the in-
  sane search for more "efficient" weapons with which too many of our
  ablest creative brains are occupied at present. Since Hiroshima, the vision
  of a lethally volatile peach-colored mushroom-shaped cloud has overshad-
  owed a great many billions of waking hours—and perhaps as many after dark.

     But there are other, even deadlier, possibilities. Mrs. St. Clair here In
  "Then Fly Our Greetings," presents one that is no more improbable than
  the potential of hundreds of projects now operative behind the guarded
  doors of laboratories, not only in the United States, but virtually in every
  nation of the so-call«d "civiliied" world.

Nobody was going up, but plenty were
coming down. They crowded into the
elevator, pushing, talking, laughing,
complaining. One of the little girls be-
gan to cry. Vinnie tried to radiate love-
abounding out to her.

  She opened the cage on second to take
on two more passengers. “Please step
back in the car,” Vinnie said.

  As the cage moved slowly downward
from second to mezzanine Vinnie felt
a sudden stab of pain in the back of her
head. For a moment it sickened her.
Her hands shook on the car’s controls.
She looked around her, hoping nobody
had noticed it. She’d get fired if she
took sick.

  How white everybody was, a bleached
fish-belly white! They looked like they
were scared. And quiet—there wasn’t
a whisper in the car. Even the children
were still. They all seemed to have
pushed back against the walls of the

“Get out, all of you. You just get right
on out.” She made wide gestures with
her hands.

  They had begun to move, seeing the
open door, before she spoke to them.
They poured over the elevator sill, rub-
bing against the edge of the door in
their reciprocal aversion, and scattered
through the mezzanine. As their dis-
tance from each other increased they
began to run.

YINNIE watched them incredulously.
What was the matter with them,
with her? Why had she spoken to them
like that? She couldn’t help but be fired
when she’d talked to white folks like
that.

  She sank back against the side of the
elevator car, weeping. It was hard to
get a job these days. She must be crazy.
What had happened? Her head ached so.

  She pressed her hands against her
98	STARTLING STORIES

face and cried harder. Yes, crazy. It
was terrible, terrible. What had come
over her? But underneath her confusion
and distress there was an indestructible
kernel of another emotion. It was won-
derful, it was like the peace of God
Father Glorious was always talking
about, not to have anybody near her.
It was wonderful to be alone in the
elevator car.

*****

  The baby had begun to cry. Tanya
listened for a moment and then decided
that it must be time to feed him. Where
had she left the mask the nurse had
given her?

  She found it in a cupboard and looked
at it doubtfully. It was dirty. Perhaps
she ought to wash it. But the baby had a
cold anyhow. What was the use of wear-
ing it?

  She approached the crib, unbuttoning
her blouse.

  She picked the baby up. His crying
hushed.

  "Little apple," she said to him, smil-
ing. “Mama’s little man.”

  Tanya had no warning as Vinnie had
had. She felt no premonitory stab of
pain in the head, nothing. The confusion
burst upon her unheralded.

  For an instant she stood rooted be-
side the cradle. The child had begun to
scream at the top of his lungs, arching
his small body away from her desper-
ately. "Hush,” she tried to say. “Hush,
little blossom,” but her lips refused to
shape the words.

  She wanted to scream, she wanted to
jump through the window, she wanted
to take a knife and kill herself. Still she
remained beside the cradle, holding the
shrieking child. Instinct, education,
physiology, were warring with the new
force in her. Her face was beaded with
sweat.

  Abruptly she dropped the child. He
fell back on the pillows of the crib with
a thump that made him stop crying for
a second. Tanya looked down at him,
moaning and wringing her hands. Then
she began to back away from him. When
she reached the door of the flat she
tamed and ran through it.

*****

  He kissed the tip of each finger, he
put a cluster of kisses in the soft flesh
of the palm. He encircled the ring
finger, wearing the new gold wedding
ring, with a chain of tiny kisses. He
said, “Tu m’aimes?”

  Her eyes were shining. She laid her
right hand softly against his cheek.
“Francois, tu le sais . . .”

  Their lips met. Presently he said,
“Take off your jacket, cherie. I find it
an embarrassment.”

  She laughed. She began to unbutton
the high-collared close-fitting jacket of
dove colored cloth, smiling at him teas-
ingly. She had not reached the fourth
button before he took her once more
in his arms.

  Abruptly they drew away from each
other. Her jaw dropped. She put out
her hand toward him and then let it
fall. He said, “I—what—Marie!”

  She licked her lips. He had turned
very pale. With a convulsive effort he
touched her shoulder with one finger-
tip. She jerked away from the contact
as if his hand had been red hot.

  They stood staring at each other.
Her hands pressed against her temples
desperately. He said in a croak, “I don’t
understand. You are still so beautiful.”
She made no answer. For a moment
longer they faced each other. Then she
turned and ran into the bathroom. He
heard the door click as she locked it
behind her. Then he too ran.

*****

  The new recruits were a very promis-
ing lot, Sergeant Ma thought. They had
the short stocky well-set-up build he
liked to see and they were willing. Eager
for education too—they’d beamed all
over their faces when he told them about
the plan for the new learning. They’d
soon master the thousand signs.

  "Number off!” he barked at them as
they formed up in a wavering line.
They counted to twenty but the next
man didn’t know what came after it.
Ma had expected the difficulty. He sup-
plied the ensuing numbers himself.
They’d soon learn. Yesterday they had
THEN FLY OUR GREETINGS	99

only got to seventeen.

  “Right dress!" he said. Haltingly they
obeyed. Yes, they were a sharp lot.

  The drill continued. “At ease,” Ma
said finally. Gratefully they relaxed. Ma
began to lecture them.

  “The first duty of a soldier,” he said
powerfully, “is obedience. The sage tells
us that ‘the excellence of things is their
undoing’ but in a people’s army ex-
cellence . . .”

  He finished his talk, saying, “That is
why drill is so important. From it we
learn obedience. Shoulder arms! Form
fours!”

  With a good deal of jerky trotting the
recruits moved into place. Their faces
were intent and serious. His talk had
done them good. They were trying
harder than yesterday. “Forward
march!" Ma shouted at them.

LAST week the drill ground had been
a sea of mud. It would be a sea of
mud again with the next rain. It was
dry now. Each time the recruits’ feet
came down on the dry earth dust arose.
Ma began to sneeze.

  He pressed his finger to his upper
lip to stop the sneezing. Narrowing his
eyes he peered through the dust fog at
the men. The bones of his face ached.

  “Column right!" Ma yelled at the
soldiers. The column hesitated, made the
turn. Then, to Ma’s stupefaction, the
men began to run.

  They spread out from each other in
a fan-shape. They dropped their guns
in the dust as they ran. One man stum-
bled and fell, then another. Those be-
hind swerved away from them auto-
matically, without touching them. Even
in the midst of Ma’s general astonish-
ment, this blind avoidance appeared to
him a remarkable thing.

  The last of the fugitives was dis-
appearing. “Dismissed!” Ma shouted
after him, in a desperate attempt to
regularize an unregularizable situation.
There was no sign that he had been
heard.

  The dust was beginning to settle. Ma
looked up wildly at the sky as if he ex-
pected to find some clue in it to what

had happened. The blue serene depths
were empty. There was not even a plane.

  Had he dreamed it? No, there were
discarded rifles all over the drill ground.
It had happened. Ma shuddered. What
would happen next? Anything—any-
thing could happen now.

*****

  The military mind, Kyle thought as
he tried to stop his nervous shivering,
the military mind tended to be an im-
compatible mixture of hidebound con-
servatism and Buck Rogers foolishness.
It was like hitching a jet plane to an
oxcart. And you never knew which
would predominate.

  The basic aim behind the research
task they had set him had been laudable.
To produce a truly humane weapon—
yes, indeed. It was for this that he had
submitted to the questioning at the end
of each day’s work, questioning which
made him feel like an aphid being
milked by ants. He’d tried hard and, be-
sides, the problem had been interesting.
So it was partly his fault.

  He looked around the laboratory. The
animals in the cages slept, ate or bick-
ered unconcernedly. The rats in the cor-
ner were mating. It wasn’t affecting
them, that was clear.

  If only the people over Kyle had
waited, waited until he’d had time to
test and check! But they’d been in a
hurry and they hadn't had imagination
enough—perhaps no one could have had
—to foresee what would happen. They’d
come up with this.

  Once more Kyle tried to turn on the
radio. It was no use. His physiological
aversion to getting near an electrical
device was still too strong to be con-
trolled. He couldn’t make himself turn
the switch: It probably wouldn’t have
been any use, anyhow. If other people
were affected by electrical devices as he
was nothing could be coming over the
radio.

  He couldn’t stop shaking. A drink
might help him. He got a flask of ab-
solute alcohol from a cupboard, poured
two tablespoons into a glass and filled
the glass with water to the brim. When
100	STARTLING STORIES

he took the glass from his lips it was
empty. His body had wanted that drink.

  The physiological craving for alcohol,
the aversion to electricity, might be
significant. There was something of
more immediate consequence though—
the weak water pressure he’d noticed
when he was filling the glass. He got
all the empty carboys he could find and
filled them. By the time the last was
corked no more water was coming from
the tap.

  Kyle felt better. He had almost
stopped shaking. He looked at his watch,
frowned, listened to it. No, it was still
going. It was really only three hours
since Merilee, one of his assistants, had
pressed her hands to her head and then
run out of the lab. The other two as-
sistants had been out on errands. They
had not come back.

  "Hadn’t come back” was too melo-
dramatic. No doubt they were still rea-
sonably safe and sound, provided the
guard in the corridor with the BAR
hadn’t shot them. But it had been a long
time since Kyle had heard a shot.

  Meanwhile the question was—could
he sit this one out? He had a good deal
of water and though the only conven-
tional food in the laboratory was half of
the box of soda crackers Merilee had
been chewing on at noon, there were the
cages of lab animals. One could, Kyle
supposed, eat white rats in a pinch.

  If he sat tight he might be able to get
along until the anti-phase set in. The
rhesus monkeys had exhibited a strong-
ly marked anti-phase. Human beings
could be expected to do so too. But while
he was engaged in sitting tight what
would be happening to everyone?

  The extent of the catastrophe was ex-
traordinarily hard to realize. Always
before, in the worst of human plights,
little nodes of cooperation and unity had
continued to exist. Kyle found that,
while he could visualize the disjunction
which was taking place immediately
around him well enough, as soon as he
tried to apply the principle on a wide
scale his mind slipped back into its
habitual expectation of organization and
mutual action.

AND yet it was in the highest degree
unlikely, it was surely impossible,
that what was happening in Washington
was an isolated case. The military had
been aiming at a particular target area.
The projector had been over-powered
(Kyle had tried to point out this danger
the last time he had been up before the
Staff). The backlash from the projec-
tor had enveloped Washington. Probably
most of the rest of the globe had suf-
fered first.

  It had sounded like a humane weapon.
Military opposition could not exist when
human beings were unable to tolerate
one another’s proximity. But—Kyle
mixed himself another drink of stock-
room alcohol and downed it avidly—the
effects of the new weapon would prob-
ably turn out to be more dreadful than
the plagues of the Middle Ages.

  The plague fear had sent human
beings fleeing wildly from one another
but even in their panic they had acted
by twos and threes. Affection, fidelity,
self-interest, had bound them to each
other. Now every man fled from every
other man.

  Instinctive self-preservation moti-
vated their repulsion. Kyle had made
the experiment of forcibly placing lab
animals near one another after he had
used his small projector on them. They
had, in every case, died. And when he
had dissected them he had found that
gross changes had taken place in the
brain itself, lesions that had been caused
by this proximity.

   No, he couldn’t sit this one out. It was
too much his fault. Though the thought
of approaching one of his fellow men
filled him with sickening apprehension
Kyle found his social instinct was as
strong as ever. Curious—it was un-
likely he could help very much. But he
was under an obligation to try what he
could do.

  Cautiously he opened the lab door.
There was an immediate rattle of
bullets against it. Kyle slammed the
door, sweating. The BAR man was still
out in the hall.

  Kyle felt no animus against him. If
he himself had bad a gun he’d certainty
THEN FLY OUR GREETINGS	101

have shot at anyone who tried to come
near him. But the presence of the BAR
man meant that Kyle would have to get
out through the window and he had
always had a poor head for heights.
Fortunately he was only on the fourth
floor.

  He started toward the opening, hesi-
tated. On impulse he went to one of the
cabinets and got a case of dissecting
scalpels and lancets from it. It was
getting too dark for him to read the
labels on bottles but he sniffed at several
until he found what he wanted, a flask
with the pleasant odor of chloroform.
He put the scalpels and the bottle in
opposite pockets. Carefully he let him-
self down over the window sill.

  The Nonagon building was generally
admitted to be a first class eyesore. But
now Kyle blessed the anonymous archi-
tect who had covered its surface with
knops, festoons, ribbons, gargoyles and
acanthus leaves cast in concrete. There
were plenty of hand and foot holds and
if he kept his mind strictly on descend-
ing, his acrophobia could be controlled.
Once or twice he felt the terrible con-
striction and sense of heat in his skull
that told him other human beings were
near.

  When he was about twenty feet fcom
the ground the concrete festooning gave
out. Feel about below him as he would,
his feet met nothing but a perpendicular
granite surface. He’d have to drop.

  He made himself relax for the fall.
But when he picked himself up he found
that his left ankle had been badly
wrenched. When he tried to stand on it
the pain was so intense it made him
faint. He got out a scalpel and cut his
vest into strips with it. Then he band-
aged his ankle with the cloth. When he
was done he could stand on the foot
without too much pain.

  The moon was coming up. Kyle wasn’t
supposed to know where the projector
building was but secrets do leak out. It
was a long way to walk but he couldn’t
bring himself to try to start a car.
Shaking and sweating he began to hob-
ble along.

  He had walked for perhaps a quarter

of a mile, detouring when he sensed
someone near him, when he heard the
nasty pock-pock of bullets up ahead.

  It was a man with a tommy-gun.
There were two bodies on the pave-
ment in front of him. His gun was in
shadow but he seemed to be shooting
in through an open window. No doubt
there was somebody inside, somebody
whose mere existence was an intoler-
able affliction for the man with the gun.

  Kyle bit his lip. He could detour but
the man with the gun would probably
start shooting at him anyway. Also a
gun would be very useful to Kyle. Was
it possible that the gunner was so oc-
cupied for the nonce with extermination
that Kyle could get reasonably close
without being noticed? If he moved
quickly? He would try.

  The gunner spun about, still spurting
bullets, just as Kyle threw the bottle
with the chloroform.

THE bottle broke on the pavement.
Kyle pressed back against the side
wall as tightly as he could. The gunner
could not see him, of course, but he
would have a very accurate notion of
where he was. Bullets began to pock
and jar against the stone cornice.

  The burst flagged, renewed itself,
flagged again. Kyle stuck his head
around the corner. The gunner was
sinking drunkenly on one knee. He fired
a last burst and collapsed. Kyle could
smell the fumes of the chloroform from
where he stood.

  The pain in Kyle’s skull was terrible.
Apparently even an unconscious man
was still a potential source of brain
damage. While Kyle was stripping the
gunner of gun and ammunition, he won-
dered whether he would ever be able to
think normally again.

  After he had carried his booty to a
safe distance he had to rest for what
seemed a long time. He collected him-
self at last and started hobbling toward
the projector building once more.

  The projector was housed in a small
two-story building that had once been
a local sub-station power house in a
residential district. In various devious
102	STARTLING STORIES

ways the department of defense had
acquired title to the ex-sub station and
the buildings which stood near it.

  These buildings had been boarding
houses before they changed ownership
and they continued to pass as boarding
houses after the department of defense
acquired them. But a rather strictly
selected group of “boarders” lived in
them.

  If Kyle had got to the projector build-
ing three hours, even two hours, earlier
he would have found himself in the
midst of a bitter small-scale version of
modern warfare. The men on whom the
task of guarding the projector had de-
volved had managed, since they were
specially selected personnel, to endure
each other’s proximity for almost forty
seconds before they began shooting.

  In their frenzy of extermination they
had also used their grenades and flame
throwers. But by now everything was
quiet and nothing moved in the street.
Kyle found that the bodies bothered
him very little, even in a sentimental
way.

  He stood before the darkened build-
ing while a wind whipped lightly at his
trouser legs, and tried to think. He had
been told that the projector had its own
power source and was in no way de-
pendent on city installation.

  The projector was certainly not func-
tioning now or he would never have
been able to get so near it. That was
natural enough—he had found with his
small projector that a twenty-second
exposure had quite as much effect as one
of several minutes. No doubt the big
installation had been switched off im-
mediately when the minimum period
was over.

  What was it he had wanted to do?
Oh, yes. This week—last week—some
time recently, at any rate (there seemed
to be a permanent confusion inside his
skull)—he had found that a certain
sequence of frequencies from the pro-
jector tended to undo the “polarization”
effect on the nerve cells.

  At least he had observed such a re-
version to normality in one of the rhesus
monkeys, and microscopic examination

of the animal’s brain had confirmed the
observation. It wasn’t much to go on,
certainly. Kyle would have liked to make
many more tests. But there wasn’t time
to make careful tests now. He’d have to
try to see what he could do.

  He went up to the door. To his sur-
prise it opened easily. He stood blink-
ing for a moment, seeking to accustom
himself to the sudden darkness after
the moonlight of the street outside.
Presently he saw that the interior was
not quite dark—there was a very dim
blue glow up ahead. Almost simultane-
ously with his perception of the light he
realized that there was a man in the
building.

  A bullet spat past his cheek. Kyle
felt a certain surprise at the inaccuracy
of the shooting. Then he saw the man’s
faint silhouette against the light and
understood. The man had been wounded
in the right shoulder. He was shooting
with his left hand.

  Kyle was thinking as clearly as he
could. He himself didn’t want to shoot
if it could be avoided. He might miss
and damage the projector.

  He yelled, “Come out! I won’t hurt
you! I want to—try to—fix things up 1
I’m going to—stop—this mess!”

  There was a second’s silence, and then
a new rattle of bullets from his oppo-
nent’s gun. Above the noise Kyle heard
the man screaming something that
sounded like, “You spy! You God-
damned spy!”

IT couldn’t be avoided, Kyle perceived.
Now that he had to act he felt a vast
remote calm, like that which comes at
certain stages of drunkenness. With a
sensation of almost godlike detatchment
he took careful aim. He would hit the
man in the heart.

  He fired six shots. His opponent was
screaming in a scratchy high-pitched
voice. Each bullet went into his body
with what seemed almost a petulant
thud. There was a sudden bursting
silence as the man went backward with
the impact. Kyle lowered his gun and
waited frozenly.

  The man by the projector clawed him-
THEN FLY OUR GREETINGS	10S

self into a kneeling position. He fired
one last shot, not at Kyle. The slug went
into the projector with a jangling crash

of glass.

  There was a noiseless flash of light,
not very intense. Then even the dim
glow went out.

  Kyle groped his way through the
choking darkness to the projector. He
lit matches and examined it. The damage
was serious. Two of the big tubes were
glinting bits of glass on the pavement
and the wiring had shorted in three
places as least.

  Was it hopeless? Not under ordinary
conditions. The big tubes were special
jobs but more could have been made in
a week or two. The technicians who had
installed the wiring could have repaired
it. But the man whom Kyle had just
shot was perhaps the last of the tech-
nicians, and the cooperative labor which
had shaped the tubes was now unthink-
able.

  Unthinkable—hopeless—irreparable.
The words seemed to flit about in the
darkness of the building endlessly, like
pairs of leathery wings. Kyle lit match
after match, hoping to find something
he could do for the projector, some re-
pair, however useless, that he could
make. There was nothing—he could not
find anything.

  Hopeless. The last match burned to
his fingers. Hopeless—irreparable—
unthinkable. Standing there in the dark-
ness, weary, spent and dazed, Kyle be-
gan to weep.

*****

  The water in the carboy was foul, had
been foul for days. It would hardly go
through the filter paper any longer.
There was only about an inch of it left.

  He, wasn’t hungry. That was odd. He
hadn’t been hungry since the first re-
pulsion phase. Perhaps the alcohol he
had drunk—it was all gone now—had
helped.

  Whatever the reason Kyle had no
desire for food though he had lost a good
deal of weight. But he wanted a bath,
he wanted to be immersed to the chin
in water, generous ungrudging water,
and let it soak in through his pores. He

wanted gallons and gallons of water to
drink.

  He’d go down to the river tonight
with the carboys, he decided. As the
phases alternated human beings found
that the distance at which they could
tolerate each other continually in-
creased. But he still had his gun and
two clips of bullets for it. He would try.

  He poured the water that had seeped
through the filter paper into a glass and
sipped at it. It took all of his self-con-
trol to keep from gulping it. He tipped
the glass vertically to get the last pre-
cious drop. When he put it down reluc-
tantly he felt the tightness and peculiar
empty feeling in his brain that told him
a new anti-phase was setting in.

  He hoped not. How many anti-phases
would this be now, the third or the
fourth? He tried to count though the
events of the last month—months—
whatever it was—were a meaningless
jumble. It was the fourth—no, this must
be anti-phase three.

  He remembered the first anti-phase
pretty well. He had been sitting in the
lab sipping what was nearly the last of
the alcohol when he’d become aware of
a peace, almost a harmony, in his brain.
It made him feel good. He thought for
a moment that the treatment he had
managed to give himself with the small
projector, battery powered, had been a
success.

  The feeling had got stronger, turned
into a hunger, a necessity. He hadn’t
tried to fight it when he realized it was
the anti-phase. He had been glad be-
cause he had hoped the new phase might
mean the beginning of a return to nor-
mality.

  As if driven by some instinct they had
met in the clear area where the Non-
agon had parked its car. Most of the
cars were still there, dust-filmed, rain-
spotted, here and there a little touched
with rust. There had been perhaps five
hundred of the survivors. How they had
clung together in their new-found amity,
their aching need!

  Kyle remembered most vividly from
that anti-phase the woman with the
silver fox stole and how she had clung
104	STARTLING STORIES

to the fat Negro woman next to her. “I
love you!” she had cried, her face
shining, “Oh, I love you! You’re wonder-
ful.” And the Negress beaming with
reciprocal affection, had answered, “Me
too! Yessum, me too!”

  That phase had ended.

  After it there had come the new re-
pulsion—more severe—the new anti-
phase, the new repulsion. And now the
new anti-phase. How he hated it!

  Kyle could not resist it. He ran past
the swollen bodies in the hall, down the
stair, jumping over the things on the
landings. He plunged down the last
flight two, three steps at a time. Hurry,
hurry, hurry, his brain said, hurry—
you love them so.

THEY were clustered together like
bats in a cavern, like bees in the
wintertime. If it were possible to use
this phase somehow, he thought as he
plastered himself wildly against the
quivering mass, use it to rebuild all that
has been destroyed, to put a stop—at
least—to what was still going on. Use
it! But how?

  They ached to get closer to each other,
to be interpenetrated with each other’s
beings. They were straining and grunt-
ing in their communal embrace. Those
at the center of the mass, Kyle thought,
must be half crushed and stifled. But
there were fewer than there had been in
the last anti-phase. In the shaking clus-
ter last time there must have been at
least two hundred people. Now there
might be eighty left.

  The face of the man on Kyle’s left
was familiar. He might have known him
once. Kyle said—not really wanting to
speak, feeling as if the words had been
extracted with forceps from his brain
—“Isn’t it wonderful being all together
again? Now we’re more than we were
separately. We’re the group.”

  The man opened his eyes and looked
at Kyle. He had a sad lined middle-aged
face. He said, “You know, this isn’t like
the other phases. Something new is hap-
pening. Don’t you feel it? We’re really
going to become just one person this
time, all of us, just one.

  “Maybe if we try hard, that one new
person can fix things. He’d be wiser than
any of us separately, wouldn’t he? I
can’t stand much more of this.”

  The words filled Kyle with desperate
energy. He said, “Yes, yes, let’s try. I’m
sure you’re right. We’ll try. Tell the
person next to you!”

  The news went buzzing around the
cluster, struck inward. They all heard
it, they all agreed. The moments lin-
gered, the strain increased. The man
next to Kyle said at last, “Do you feel
it? At the back of your skull—new
circuits, a new type of consciousness?”
Kyle licked his lips. He wanted to
reply. It had seemed to him as the strain-
ing moments passed that new regions,
new dimensions, were opening strange-
ly in his brain. Or was it space itself
that divided in a panorama of planes
which echoed one another to infinity?

  It was as if explorers touched the dark
continents within his skull and estab-
lished cities there. And from the blank
headlands now touched with light, from
the tributary cities, something was flow-
ing out toward the others and uniting
with them.

  Kyle had a sudden vision of a crea-
ture vaster than one of the Anakim. It
stood on earth, laughing, and stretched
its fingers out toward Saturn. The thin
winds of heaven rustled through the
flames of its hair. It was wiser, stronger,
more joyous than humanity.

  Was this new entity what the sad
man had meant? Oh, it must be so.
Surely this creation, so much greater
than the sum of its creators, would yet
obey them, could be impressed to do
their will.

  The minds of those in the group were
flowing together to make something un-
heard of, their wills had coalesced. And
what they were making would be able
to solve with almost godlike ease what
they had in their miserable isolation
found insoluble.

  The sad man’s question no longer
needed answering. Kyle felt his
identity leaving him and for a moment
he was terrified. Who was he, what
would he become? He struggled. Then
THEN FLY OUR GREETINGS	105

he was caught up into a blazing unity.
His last conscious awareness was of a
prospect of gigantic delight.

*****

  Who was Kyle? As member after
member of the group fell away, dying
of exhaustion, hunger, exposure, thirst,
the question could be asked. Who was
Kyle?

  He looked about him numbly. The air
was thin and cold. His body seemed
strange to him.

  At the back of his dim half-burned-
out brain there was a recollection of
titanic splendors, of inhuman experi-
ence. He seemed to remember exer-
tions beyond the scope of imagination,
an urge which had shaken someone
vaster than himself, a great, an incred-
ible enterprise. Who was Kyle?

HE was standing in the midst of a
huge plain, at the foot of a tower-
ing monolith. Without comprehension
his eyes followed the shaft up, up, up,
to where it seemed to split the sky. Who
could have reared such a shaft? Far off
on the flat horizon another towered into
the heavens and at the very limit of
visibility he saw still another.

  It was cold, so cold. Kyle shivered
uncontrollably. There was no warmth in
the dim yellow sun.

  Once more his eyes went up the shaft
of the monolith. He looked at it blankly,
slack-lipped. And slowly, little by little,
that part of his brain which had not
been destroyed began to understand. The
monoliths . . .

  There had been an anti-phase. But
this time humanity had been welded to-
gether indissolubly. They could not flee
from each other. They had not even

wanted to. The repulsion had taken a
new direction, been transferred. Group
after group over the face of the globe,
their minds had flowed into each other’s
to become fused in a super-mind. And
that mind, compelled by the wills that
composed it, had built.

  The human beings who composed it
had been the cells of its tangible body.
It had used them mercilessly. Sleepless,
tireless, mindless, they had labored.
They were expendable—they had been
expended.

  It was they who had reared the
monoliths.

  But to what purpose? Kyle found that
he was very tired. He was so tired that
the cold no longer seemed bitter to him.
Sighing with fatigue he stretched out
on the ground beside the monolith. How
dim the sun was! He could look up at it
open-eyed.

  That, he supposed, was why they had
built the monoliths. So they could leave
the sun. The sun was dim because they
were far from it. That must have been
the effect of the last anti-phase, the last
repulsion—an impulse to build the pow-
er towers that would drive Earth away
from the other planets and its home star,
the sun.

  Now he was so tired that it didn’t
matter—now Earth was flying outward
from its place in the solar system. On
and on in that last gigantic repulsion,
into the empty interstellar dark.

  It would get colder on Earth, every-
thing was finished. The seas would
freeze and then, at last, the air. It was
all over. It wasn’t important. He sighed
and shivered. What mattered, the vital
thing, was the answer to the enigma
that still vexed him. Who—who was
Kyle?

 Read OVERLORDS OF MAXUS, an Amazing Novel
 of Space Adventure by JACK VANCE in the
 February Issue of Our Companion Magazine—

THRILLING WONDER STORIES

  NOW ON SALE—25c AT ALL STANDS!
THE TWO SHADOWS

A Novelet by WILLIAM F. TEMPLE

A poet, a pragomatist and a
girl—they were all
that was left of humanity
after Earth became a
second Sun—and Mars was
far from the
Garden of EdenI

THE idea that the world may someday
and quite literally be blown up is
scarcely a new one. Most of the ancient re-
ligions had it. However, of recent years,
the doomsday legend has taken on new form
and entirely new impact. For, according to
the sundry tenets of yore, it ivas the Gods
who led the world to its final ruin through
their own folly—usually a result of meddl-
ing in mortal conflicts.

  Nowadays the vision of world’s end is all
too clear—and man himself is the agent.
Having abandoned the superfollc of Olympus
and Valhalla, we have only ourselves to
blame.

  However, lingering as stubbornly as
man’s belief in an individual life-after-
death is an insistent thread of hope that

such destruction will not be co-mplete—that
somewhere, on or under Earth or perhaps
upon one of the planets, some humans ukll
somehow survive to create a more equable
cosmos for themselves. Mr. Temple in this
story gives vivid presentation to how such
survival might be accomplished.—THE
EDITOR.

CHAPTER I

Survivors

«, BLESSED Necessity!” cried Leo-
nardo da Vinci, in his day, know-
ing that it was the prime incentive. Man
had to be driven to work his best mira-
cles. Creditors at one’s heels were a
.sharper spur to the artist than his own
inspiration.

  The first voyage from Earth to Mars
was certainly not the fruit of a hunger
for knowledge—or of technicians in love
with their work—or even of pride seek-
ing power upon which to fatten.

  It sprang from the starkest of all ne-
cessities—preservation of the species.

  A divided Earth, struggling with a
divided mind to preserve itself, had
fallen into the desperate error of pre-
ventive war. The disease germs, as thick
as clouds in the atmosphere, were prov-

ing to be the conquerors of both sides.
Earth, quivering under the impacts of
countless atomic missiles, many darted
into its side by its own satellite and hu-
man colony, flung out a seed.

  The seed was styled the Nuova Vita
—as a sign that the Earth really knew
better than i't had behaved—and it was
a rocket-ship five times the size of the
Lunar vessels. It had both atomic and
chemical drives. It had come straight
off the drawing board. Its size and pow-
er were unprecedented. There was no
time for real tests. In effect it was a
tissue of theory, launched naked into

107
108	STARTLING STORIES

cold space, carrying twenty-six souls
and the hope of the human race—at
least the Anglo-American part of that
race.

  The gamble, it seemed, had come off.
The seed missed the stony places—it
was landing on the comparatively fer-
tile soil of Mars. It was a thousand feet
above that soil, sitting on its tail of
braking chemical jets, descending with
beautifully slow deliberation.

  The pilot said happily, “We’ve done
it!”

  Fate never likes to be anticipated. A
second later came a great light and a
great heat. The habitually almost mo-
tionless atmosphere of Mars was
scorched and stung into agitation. The
heated air expanded almost like an ex-
plosion, tearing the concentrated gas-
jets of the ship into long tenuous
streamers.

  The Nuova Vita tilted irrevocably off
balance. It became a bone of contention
between gravity and the upstreaming
air. Its majesty had departed. It was
a straw tossed by forces it had lately
controlled.

  They tossed it into a grassy area two
Earth-miles from an ice-blue channel.
But the soil was thin. There was hard
rock beneath it and the rock broke the
back of the Nuova Vita. It broke the
backs of many of the little humans with-
in and others died through the sheer
concussion.

  The wind howled over the wreck, un-
der the sun—and under the small new-
born companion to the sun.

Thomas jefferson johns ran

for his life among the firs. Luckily,
the snow hadn’t come yet but the bit-
ter wind, driving against his face,
was the herald of it. There was plenty
of snow on the saw-edged peaks of the
Rockies distant behind him.

  Unhappily, not so far behind him,
came the grizzly bear.

  He looked back fearfully over his
shoulder to see who was gaining. He
never saw because he ran his head
against a branch and was knocked off
hie feet. Flat on his back he went and

the ground seemed to be rocking like a
boat beneath him. One side of his head
felt as though it were bursting open.
Much more of this and he would be
sick.

  The great head of the grizzly, with
its small eyes and licking red tongue,
loomed over him. He felt too ill to care
now. The beast put its paws on his
shoulders, began to shake him.

  “Don’t, don’t—you’re hurting my
head!” John cried foolishly.

  The bear seemed to go misty at the
edges, become a mere dark form that
was shaking him. Then it stopped and
was still and he lay back, his eyes grad-
ually refocusing it.

  It wasn’t a bear now. It was a big
dark man with an olive skin and con-
temptuous brown eyes—John Mala-
testa.

  Malatesta! The real world returned
to him now. Malatesta, Schultz, Mar-
tin, Haywood, Liza, Pinky, Kilpatrick,
Danby, Foster. . . .

  There had been twenty-six of them
including himself. The big business
man, the chemist, the engineer, the ag-
riculturist, the physician, the geologist,
the cook, the bacteriologist, the artist
—and the rest. All hand-picked, albeit
hastily, by a harassed Government for
their qualifications to start a new
growth of mankind and yet preserve
some of the knowledge and culture
from the main stem which was dying.

  He, Johns, had been picked, not mere-
ly because of his fame as a poet or be
cause he was a Nobel Prize winner for
literature but because also he had once
been a teacher and a noteworthy educa-
tionalist.

  How far Malatesta had been picked
and how far he had pulled strings to
force his election into the chosen few
was not known to anyone on the ship
but Malatesta himself. He had qualifi-
cations, of course. He was the chief of
a huge organization in the States. With
his organizing ability went toughness
of mind and body and immense drive.
He was the man to get things done.
The only drawback was—the things had
to be done his way.
THE TWO

  Still, he was in a minority and could
be curbed. There were other tough peo-
ple on the ship, particularly Judge Hack-
man.

  Johns struggled to sit up. There was
a thin cold wind blowing.

  “That’s better,’’ said Malatesta. “But
take it easy. There’s no hurry. We’ve
got all the time there is.”

  Johns held his aching head—very
lightly because it was. painful to touch.

  “What hit me?”

  “Mars. Want to hit it back?”

  Johns shook his head and wished he
hadn’t. More carefully he turned it to
look around. Again he wished he hadn’t.

  This crazy tangle of broken alloy,
with sharp swords of steel bristling
from it, had been the main cabin. Once,
he had seen a car wreck in which the
two vehicles had met head on at the ag-
gregate speed of a hundred and twenty
miles an hour. This was worse, and
bigger and there were a lot more bodies
—and parts of bodies.

  “Oh,” he said and suddenly the nau-
sea he had dreamed of returned and was
made actual.

  Gasping for breath afterwards, he
turned red wet eyes on Malatesta.

  “Tender stomach, eh?” said Mala-
testa with cynical amusement. “I'll
break it to you gently, son. You and
me are the only two left alive. And I’m
not too sure about you.”

  Johns could only stare at him. Schulta,
Martin, Haywood, Liza, Pinky, Kilpat-
rick, Danby, Foster. ... All those who
had become his friends, sharing this
unparalleled adventure—carrying the
torch for humanity together—full of
a sense of nobility and responsibility
—kindly and tolerant, indeed loving to-
ward one another because they had a
common aim in life, a great aim, and
were there to help each other toward
it.

  All killed on the march by one sense-
less blow? Their aspirations mocked
by fate and thrown on this ghastly
scrapheap?

  All—except himself and Malatesta,
the one man he had regarded with an-
tipathy and avoided?

SHADOWS	109

  He laid his head on his arm and
cried, like a child who has suddenly dis-
covered that the entire family has gone
out and left him alone in the house—
except for the big rough dog he dis-
likes and fears.

  “Good,” said Malatesta. “Keep it up.
We’re short of water. The tank got
busted and it’s all gone into the ground.”

PRESENTLY Johns looked up and
found he was alone except for—
He got dizzily to his feet and scram-
bled out of that horrible place and away
from the broken ship. It was surpris-
ingly easy. He seemed to flutter in long
jumps like a goose. Of course, the lesser
gravitation . . .

  This was Mars—just a lot of thin
sick-looking grass, spreading in all di-
rections. The sky was a very dark Tblue.
almost black overhead, where faint
stars twinkled. There was a singing
in his ears which he had noticed at high
altitudes in the Rockies. It came from
the low air density.

  Then he noticed that springing at
thirty degrees from each other, from
his feet across the grass, were two
shadows, one fainter than the other.
And despite the chill breeze there was
warmth on the back of his neck.

  He turned. There were two suns
hanging in the sky, bright and white.
Both were considerably smaller than
the Sun he had known on Earth and
one of them was appreciably smaller
than the other.

  He was no astronomer but he real-
ized there was something definitely out
of order here. However, before he could
think about it much, Malatesta came up
in long floating strides from somewhere
along the great length of wreckage.

  “Since you’re up,” he said, “you can
give me a hand with things. Well, what
do you think of Mars?”

  Johns gestured toward the two suns.
“I don’t get that.”

  Malatesta said, “Perhaps you're not
quite awake yet. It’s obvious enough.
I told you—you and me are the only two
left alive—anywhere.”

  Johns grappled with his incredulity.
110	STARTLING STORIES

  “You mean?”

  “I mean that smaller sun up there is
the Earth we left three months ago. I
don’t know who threw the bomb that
started the chain reaction or whether
it was too many bombs at once. I don’t
even know who won the war. I guess we
did—we’re the only survivors.”

  Johns gave a long sigh. The immense
tragedy of it seemed to come pressing
down from the sky onto his shoulders.
He felt like Dante gazing into the In-
ferno—abandoned by Virgil, left ut-
terly alone, not knowing the way out.
He was the last of his kind. Malatesta
didn’t count. Malatesta was an insensi-
tive ape.

  He felt the tears trying to come
again and he fought to keep them back.
Malatesta would sneer. Then he thought,
“What the hell do I care what he thinks?
Why should I accept his judgment on
what is right behavior? He’s no more
than a half-educated hoodlum.”

  Nevertheless he turned his face away
and bowed his head, lest Malatesta
should see.

  “What are you doing—composing an
epic poem about it?” said Malatesta sar-
castically. “You’re wasting your time.
There’s no one left to read it—except
me. And I’m tone-deaf. Snap out of
it. We’re going to live. Therefore, we
shall want living quarters. Come back
to the wreck and help me.”

CHAPTER II

The Curio

MALATESTA’S idea of being
helped meant that when he said,
"Carry that outside” or "Bring that
here” Johns was to do it immediately
and alone. Whenever Johns found a
thing too heavy to lift Malatesta would,
grumbling and impatient, take one end
of it with a vigor which made it plain
that he could have carried the whole
thing himself without effort.

  But it was mainly by Johns’ labor

  that the rough shack, with its table,
chairs and couches, was built from suit-
able portions of the wreckage.

  “Right,” said Malatesta, surveying it.
"That’s good enough for now. It’ll keep
this damned wind off anyway. Now
for a meal. It’s lucky the cook’s galley
wasn’t too badly burnt—even though
the atomic heaters are no good. The
whole system is smashed.

  “But the food-store and the refrig-
erator vault stood up to it. There’s
plenty of grub in them. Go get a couple
of loaves, a can of beef, some butter
and cheese and crackers—we’ll find
ways of cooking some other time. Here
are the keys.”

  “What about doing a bit of work
yourself?” Johns broke in angrily. "Do
you think I’m the maid-of-all-work here?
I’ve done enough—far more than my
share. You go and get the food.”
Malatesta looked at him searching-
ly. He tossed the little bunch of keys
in the air, caught it on its slow descent.

  “Right,” he said again. “If that’s
the way you want it.”

  "It’s only fair—” began Johns in a
high protesting voice but Malatesta
turned on his heel and went.

  He returned presently with the food
and made a pile of sandwiches on the
table. He drew up the couch alongside,
lay back on it comfortably and reached
for the top sandwich. Johns watched
him eat two, then put his hand out ten-
tatively for the third.

  “Hands off!” snapped Malatesta. “No
work, no eat. That’s how it is. That’s
how it’s going to be. That’s how it al-
ways was—I didn’t run a soup kitchen,
you know. My workers had to work for
their grub.”

  Johns stared at him. Then he said
with quiet acidity, "You’re wrong with
both your facts and your analogy. First-
ly, I have worked—hard. Secondly, I’m
not one of your employees. On that
ship we all had equal standing. Half
that food is mine.”

  "No it isn’t,” said Malatesta with his
mouth full. "You’re wrong with your
facts. We all had equal standing on the
ship—yes. There were twenty-six of us.
THE TWO

That makes your share of the food one
twenty-sixth, not a half. The second
thing to understand is—we’re not on the
ship now.”

  “That's a childish kind of sophistry.
The others are dead. They have no
use for food.”

 “How do you know? Did you ask
them? No—you just want to take it
because they’re helpless to stop you.
That’s all right. I agree with your
philosophy and I’ll underwrite it. I take
the food, not only because they’re help-
less to stop me but because you are
also.”

  “I see, Malatesta,” said Johns, de-
liberately. “Might is right with you,
eh?”

  “You’ve got it, son.” Malatesta helped
himself to another sandwich. “That’s
what I believe because it’s the truth.”
“It isn’t,” flashed Johns. “You know
it isn’t. That’s what you believe but
only because it suits you to.”
“Everybody believes what they’d like
to believe. You only believe in a sys-
tem of equal shares for all because
you’re weak—too weak to fight for
your share. So you invent this thing you
call social justice to get your share for
you, so that you don’t starve. You be-
lieve in social justice because it suits
you to. I’ll take the survival of the
fittest—that suits me.”

  “Then I take it that you intend to
starve me to death ?”

  “Mr. Johns, you take a very pessi-
mistic view of things. The food is yours
—all of it—if you can take it from me.
Of course, I could break your neck with
one hand—that’s a risk you’d have to
take. Or you could kill me if you could
think of a method. Again you’d be at
a slight disadvantage. I have this, you
see—and you haven’t.”

HE pulled an old-fashioned automat-
ic pistol from his pocket and held
it balanced on his palm.

  “A curio,” he said, “but lethal. It was
my grandfather’s. He was an Italian
who went over to the States to set up
business—in nineteen twenty-four, it
was. He ran a gang of bootleggers and

SHADOWS	111

made a pile. When Prohibition was re-
pealed he went into legitimate busi-
ness. It became the family business. I
owe much to him.”

  “Including your ideas on morality, no
doubt, you filthy hoodlum.”

  Malatesta was off the couch in a
bound. The pistol butt caught Johns on
the bridge of his nose. He went over
backward with a yelp of surprise and
pain. The blood ran thickly from his
nostrils. He blew and spluttered.

  “Oh, stop squawking,” said Malates-
ta. “That was only a love tap. I doubt
if it’s even broken your nose-bone. Re-
gard it as a warning. I don’t resent your
insult as such—they’re just words.
What I don’t like and won’t have is your
acting as though you’re superior to me.
You’re not in any way.

  “People learn from life, my friend,
not from books. Experience is the only
teacher—maybe you think you are.
You’ve taught a lot of kids a lot of
nonsense in your time. But you’ve noth-
ing to teach me. You don’t know any-
thing. You don’t even know that your
college education and Nobel Prize don’t
qualify you as a superman—or even as
a man."

  Johns was holding a bloody handker-
chief to his nose. His head still hurt
from the landing crash and now it hurt
in another place. But the worse hurt
was to his sense of dignity. He had
been caught by surprise and yelped
like—

  He had yelped like one of his own
pupils many years ago. Somehow, he
always remembered coming up silently
that day behind young Perkins, who was
absorbed in a comic when he should
have been absorbed in Euclid. He re-
membered the joyous little spasm of
power-feeling as he twisted the boy’s
ear and puller his head around—to face
his master.

  He had been the master then.

  It wasn’t nearly so good being the pu-
pil. He resented it fiercely. He hated
Malatesta. If there was a way to kill
him he would—

  No, he mustn’t think that. That was
giving way to blind passion. He was
STARTLING STORIES

above that now. One could never be a
master if one couldn’t control his own
passions. He that ruleth his spirit is
better than he that taketh a city.

  Detachedly he wondered if young
Perkins had felt like killing him on
that far-off day.

  He must control himself with this
roughneck. He must feel himself su-
perior but not make a parade of it. But
he must never, never allow himself to
feel inferior, certainly never act as one.

  “You want to earn a cup of coffee?”
asked Malatesta suddenly.

  Johns, still holding his handkerchief
to his nose, nodded. He would not trust
himself to say anything. He might be
too sarcastic.

  “Right. Take that bucket. There’s a
water channel about two miles off in
that direction. I saw it just before the
smash. Bring back the bucket full and
you can have your coffee and—I’ll be
generous—a couple of sandwiches.”

  Johns picked up the bucket and went
off slowly over the long thin grass, his
two shadows moving ahead of him.

  This first sally into unexplored Mars
should have been a great moment. In-
stead it presented itself as a weari-
some task. It was Malatesta’s fault, of
course—his brutal materialism was
death to all poetry and wonder and
beauty. He poisoned romance. He be-
littled the really big things of life and
magnified the pin-pricks. He’d have to
be careful not to adopt his stunted
values.

  Damn his nose—would it never stop
bleeding? His handkerchief was like a
red flag. His face seemed to be little but
a throbbing proboscis. He had never
been struck before in his life. It seemed
to have knocked his sense of values spin-
ning.

IT was all wrong. He should be over-
whelmed by the tragedy of the
sudden end of homo sapiens. But he had
seen that coming for too long. It had
happened at last, that was all.

  He felt a certain sense of loss but it
was for the Acropolis, for the Uffizi Gal-
leries, the Louvre, the Sistine Chapel,

the Taj Mahal—not for the lately living
people of Earth. The hills that Shake-
speare had walked on around Stratford-
on-Avon, the City of London, redolent
with history . . .

  He had had no living relatives. As for
the rest of his fellows, he had known
few, respected fewer, loved none. None
except his traveling companions on the
Nuova Vita. That had been his real
world. That was where he belonged,
where he had found himself at last,
among the elite. The loss of those peo-
ple was a far greater tragedy than the
loss of Earth.

  The voice of one of the 61ite bellowed
after him. “What are you trying to do
—walk backwards? I want that coffee
today. Get a move on.”

  Johns made a noise between a groan
and a growl. “Shut up, you slimy thug 1”
he hissed in sick hatred. But he knew
that Malatesta was too far away to hear
him. Nevertheless he quickened hie
pace.

  His handkerchief had become a sod-
den useless ball. Irritably he threw it
to the ground. It alit on what had
seemed to be a small gray stone half-
hidden in the grass. The stone came
alive with a leap and bounded off like
a rabbit, giving a back kick with its rear
legs. It was like an earless rabbit with
the smooth gray skin of a mouse.

  He watched it until it had vanished
in the distance. So there was animal
life on Mars after all. An irrational hope
sprang within him. Were there some-
where intelligent Martians who could
paint and sculpt and build, make music
and write, think and discuss?

  The great telescopes on the Moon,
their magnification unhampered by any
blurring atmosphere, had raked the
planet for signs of intelligent life and
seen none. Empty deserts of red dust,
yes, and vast green plains. But not *
town anywhere.

  Most of the mapped canals were there
but it seemed that the regularity of
them had been an optical illusion. They
were no straighter than any river. Ther*
was no more plan to them than to the
Grand Canyon. So people had dropped
THE TWO

the description “canals” and called them
what Schiaparelli had really called
them—channels.

  Ahead of him now he could see the
line across the broad strip of green
that was one of these channels. Despite
the lift given by the lesser gravity it
seemed an age before he reached it.

  There wasn’t much to it then. The
grass was longer and greener at its
banks and that was about all. Compared
with some of the other channels it was
but a thread—fifty feet across. The
water was pale blue, clear and cold. He
could see where the soil ended and the
rock-bed began. There was moss on
the rocks at the bottom and he could
have sworn that he saw one green
rock move—a crustacean, surely.

  The banks were just earth and rock
—without trace of any Martian engi-
neering. The water seemed to have worn
its own channel. He tried to put the sil-
ly hope out of his head.

  He drank, then washed the blood
from his face. His nose had stopped giv-
ing but not hurting. He filled the bucket
and took a last look around. The chan-
nel went waveringly from horizon to
horizon. The other bank looked the
same as the one he was standing on.

  The long grass waved silently in the
wind. There was nothing else to see. He
turned his back on it and set out for
the great ragged shape of the wreck
under the two small bright suns. It was
the only prominent feature in the flat
landscape.

  Presently he trod on something that
rolled beneath his foot. He stumbled
and spilt about a third of the water.
Then he picked up the object. It was
a knob of rock, twice the size of a man’s
fist.

  As he inspected it his heart began to
quicken. That irrational hope returned.
Surely, surely, it had been consciously
shaped? There were deep eye-sockets, a
jutting nose, the suggestion of a mouth
and chin. A primitive attempt at a hu-
man head or a badly weather-worn but
comparatively modern one? Or—was it
just his own wishful thinking?

  Perhaps—there could have been very

SHADOWS	113

little erosion in this climate. But it
looked as good as many museum pieces
he had seen. He put it in his pocket and
resumed his journey.

  When he got back all the sandwiches
were gone and Malatesta said, “Why the
hell didn’t you fiU the bucket?”

  However, Malatesta had got some
utensils from the ship and started a fire
with splintered bookshelves. Johns went
and got some more bread from the food-
store.

CHAPTER III
And One Makes Three

AFTER they had finished the cof-
fee they lay back and smoked.
Johns got out the stone head and
looked it over closely.

  “What’s that?” said Malatesta lazily.

  Johns told him what he thought it
might be. Malatesta was merely amused.
He gave the thing a rough examination
and tossed it back.

  “Meteorite,” he said. “You can see
where it’s pitted by the friction.”

  “But the shape?”

  “Have you ever been to the Garden of
the Gods, near Colorado Springs? The
place is—was—lousy with chunks of
rock that look like heads. You’re just
superimposing a pattern subjectively,
like Lowell peering at this planet from
Flagstaff a century ago and making neat
little maps of the canalt>. Or like a pa-
tient of Rorschach’s—the gink who
started the psychiatrists playing the
ink-blot game.

  Johns looked at him with surprise.
Malatesta then was not wholly a throw-
back to his gangster grandfather de-
spite his brutality and his deliberately
coarse and ungrammatical speech.
Sometime, somewhere, he had read
books and some of it had stuck.

  “I prefer to think it’s the work of
an intelligence,” said Johns, shortly.

  “Naturally. You believe what you
want to believe like I said. You hope
somewhere you’ll find intelligent com-
114	STARTLING STOK1ES

panionship—not like mine. Me, I don’t
go for poetry or anything else that ain’t
any good to me.”

  “Your disapproval doesn’t destroy
the value of poetry,” said Johns. “It’s
an eternal and indestructible value, far
above your or my criticism. The same
goes for any of the art forms—and
Truth and Beauty and Goodness.”

  He breathed the last words so that
the capitals were almost visibly appar-
ent.

  Malatesta, on the couch, regarded
the glowing end of his cigarette. Then
he said, slowly, thinking it out, “The
sonnet form was a human invention—
and it died with humanity. So did any
standards of art form whatsoever. They
were pretty unstable even when they
existed—yesterday’s art is today’s
laugh.

  “Most of the naked Venuses of the
so-called Old Masters are fat, unsight-
ly lumps by the Two Thousand and
Three A.D. standards of feminine beau-
ty. Beauty is a matter of fashion, noth-
ing more. If Mona Lisa had tried to get
a job in the New York TV studios as an
actress she’d have been told to go home
and find her eyebrows.”

  “And how do you dispose of Good-
ness?”

  “Just another matter of custom. Can-
nibalism was evil in America. In Poly-
nesia not so long ago your grandmoth-
er’s shade would have felt horribly
slighted if you hadn’t eaten her corpse
and so absorbed her good qualities.

  “I could give you a thousand exam-
ples of the same act being thought good
in one place and evil in another. And
jou can kill people with kindness, you
know. As for truth—no one’s answered
Pilate yet.”

  Johns stared at him. “I’m darned if
I can make you out,” he said. “One min-
ute you talk like a thick-eared mugg and
the next like a university graduate.”
Malatesta laughed a fat laugh of self-
satisfaction. “I’ve been both. And I’m
schizophrenic.”

  “You’re all wrong anyway. We try
to superimpose patterns on material,
certainly. But these patterns are eter-

nal standards which we glimpse through
our imagination and try to record so
that others may see them more clearly.”
“If the patterns are eternal why do
they change so often?”

  “They don’t. It’s our imperfect vision,
bad guesses and fumbling execution.
Truth is outside of us and eternal.”
Malatesta said, “The pragmatists
don’t think so and I’m a pragmatist. All
thought is personal and purposive. Ab-
stracts are figments. A judgment which
is not prompted by motives is impossi-
ble. The only test of a truth is—does it
work? If it doesn’t it’s meaningless.”
“The opinion of the majority is
against you.”

  “What majority? Listen, son—wake
up! There’s just you and me and no
one else. There ain’t a majority. My be-
lief is just as good as yours.”

JOHNS was shocked into considera-
tion. He looked at his feet, thinking
—if there are only two people in the
world and one is a paranoiac and the
other a manic depressive, what are the
tests of sanity? Where are the stand-
ards of rational behavior?

  Then he said, “I don’t mean to be of-
fensive. I have had more training in
these things. My greater experience
can be regarded as the majority.”
Malatesta gave him the Bronx cheer,
for old tradition.

  “Can be regarded—by whom?” he
jeered. “Only you, of course. I’m two
hundred pounds—or was on Earth—to
your hundred and forty. I’ll choose to
regard that extra sixty pounds of me
as the majority.”

  “On the other hand I’m taller than
you,” snapped Johns spitefully. He knew
he was talking foolishness.

  “But I’m the better pool player,” said
Malatesta suavely, completing the re-
ductio ad absurdum.

  “This is nonsense!” cried Johns, an-
grily. “You can’t just ignore history and
pretend that this is the beginning of the
world. What about Buddha and Aris-
totle and Lao-Tsze and—”

Malatesta swung around and pointed
violently upward, over the wreck, at the
THE TWO

sky. “What about them?” he flung back.
“See that star? It’s just a star among
a billion other stars. There may have
been saints and sinners on the others
too—and where is their wisdom now?
That’s finished, written off.

  “I’m not pretending this is the be-
ginning of the world—it is the begin-
ning of the world as far as I’m con-
cerned—my world!”

  And in that moment, as Malatesta sat
rigid with his arm upflung, a form
emerged slowly from the wreck. Both
men stared at it. “A Martian!” thought
Johns, suddenly flushing with a new ex-
citement. “A Martian!”

  Malatesta let his arm fall. He swore
under his breath. “This certainly is the
beginning of the world,” he said. “And
how! Johns, here comes our majority.”
She was dazed and her white dress
was barred with black dirt and her fin-
gers were bleeding. She was small, bru-
nette, rather plump and they didn’t rec-
ognize her as first.

  “It’s the nurse,” said Johns, suddenly,
recalling the face when it wasn’t
smudged and tear-stained. She had been
a quiet little thing, keeping well in the
background, and her services had not
been required during the voyage. He
hadn’t heard her exchange a word with
anyone and he wasn’t sure of her name
though he had heard it.

  While he stood there, remembering
her, Malatesta walked out to meet her.
Johns cursed himself for his slowness.
Malatesta picked her up, carried her
over the wreckage-strewn grass and laid
her on the couch.

  “Get her a drink of water, beautiful
dreamer,” he said.

  Presently they got her story in a
faint Nebraskan accent. It was short.
She had been in the women’s lavatory
when the crash came. She didn’t re-
member anything after that except
awakening in darkness under a load
of wreckage and fighting for hours,
pulling and pushing at the stuff, to get
out.

  She recalled scarcely more of what
happened before that. She had only the
sketchiest memory of the ship and the

SHADOWS	115

voyage. She remembered there were
people. Just people—no names to them.
She didn’t remember Malatesta and
Johns.

  “I thought I’d gone right through
what’s left of the ship,” said Malates-
ta. “Didn’t think of the ladies’ room.
Maybe I’ve got loss of memory too.
What’s your name?”

  She didn’t remember. She knew she
came from Ogallala on the south fork of
Platte River and had been a nurse.

  Malatesta said, “We’ll have to call
you something.”

  “What about just 'Nurse’?” suggested
Johns.

  Malatesta rubbed his dark bristly
jowls. “Nope. We’ll call her Madge.”
“Madge?” echoed Johns.

  “Short for Majority, wideawake. Do
I have to explain everything?”

CHAPTER IV
Rabbit on the Run

THE next morning, Johns was awak-
ened by the clang of the bucket
dropping beside him.

  “More water,” said Malatesta, stand-
ing over him. “I want breakfast.”

  Johns got up. “And a shave, too, no
doubt,” he murmured.

  “Hell, no. I’m never shaving again.
From now on I make my own social con-
ventions.”

  “I’ll come with you, Tom,” said
Madge.

  As they walked side by side over the
grass she said quietly, “He doesn’t like
you, does he?”

  “The feeling is mutual. We haven’t
a thing in common. By the way, do
you like poetry?”

  “I—I think so. I don’t know much
about it.”

  “I could teach you if you’re willing
to learn. He isn’t. You know, whether
Art lives or dies depends wholly on you.”
“Huh?”

  “Art it the communication of feel-
ings, ideas, standards. I am an artist in
11.	STARTLING STORIES

a vacuum—with no one to communicate
to. Actually an artist can’t exist with-
out an audience. No one ever writes or
paints for himself alone. Those that pre-
tend to were thinking of posterity. It’s
possible that we’ll have no posterity.
Will you be my audience, Madge?”

  She smiled for the first time. She
had nice teeth. “Sure, I’ll try to be ap-
preciative.”

  “Thanks a lot.”

  All the way to the channel and back
he expressed himself to her—his moods,
his ideas, his fancies. He didn’t give her
much chance to talk.

  As he was explaining to her his own
theory of what Picasso had been get-
ting at she exclaimed suddenly, “Ooh!
What’s that?” She pointed to a moving
object in the grass.

  He broke off, rather irritated by her
branching attention: he’d thought she
was absorbing the whole of it.

  “Oh, that,” he said. “There’s plenty
of ’em about. I call ’em Martian rab-
bits.”

  “Wonder if they’re good to eat?”
“One day we’ll have to find out. That
food-store isn’t going to last forever.
Perhaps we’ll finish up eating grass,
like Nebuchadnezzar.”

  “Neb—who’s he?”

  A bit wearily he explained.

  Three more days passed and nothing
much happened except that the wind
died down and became almost impercep-
tible, and the heat of the two suns could
be more strongly felt. Malatesta seemed
content to lounge, sleep, smoke and be
sarcastic at Johns’ expense. His one
other diversion was Madge. What irked
Johns was that Madge didn’t seem to
mind. In fact it was becoming plain
that she preferred Malatesta’s company
to his.

  On the fourth morning the split be-
came apparent.

  “Get the water,” said Malatesta, so
tersely and contemptuously that Johns
grabbed the bucket with the wild idea of
swinging it at that bristling contemptu-
ous face. But an anticipatory pain in the
nose caused him to throttle the inten-
tion.

  Instead he gripped the bucket firmly
and said, “Isn’t it about time we moved
to the channel-side? Then we’d have
water on tap. Anyway this is an un-
healthy spot. That ship’s beginning to
smell.”

  “I don’t mind the smell,” said Mala-
testa, “and all the water I need is
brought to me. I like it here. There’s a
convenient larder with a lock on the
door. There’s nothing like that along
by the channel.”

  “There may be all sorts of things bet-
ter than that if we look around. We’ve
never tried to explore any of this plan-
et. We’ve scarcely moved from the ship.”
“I’ll think about it when I have to,”
said Malatesta. “Not before.”

  “You’re some organizer,” said Johns
bitterly. “You haven’t done a thing.”
“You’re some writer. You haven’t
written a line.”

  “What’s the use?” cried Johns.
“There’s no one left to appreciate it.”
“Exactly. Why bother? We all do
it to cut a figure, don’t we? And if
there’s no one to applaud us . . Mala-
testa shrugged.

  “You don’t claim you were an artist?”

MALATESTA regarded Johns with
a queer look that combined de-
rision and defense.

  “In a way, yes. A better way than
yours at that. Art is only expression.
You express yourself merely in words. I
in action. Try my way. You may get to
like it. Begin now—go and get that
water.”

  “To hell with the water!” exploded
Johns and flung the bucket away vio-
lently. It landed, bounced slowly and
rolled across the grass to where Madge
sat. She got up and walked across to the
two men.

  “Don't hit him, Jack,” she said.

  “I’m not going to,” said Malatesta.
“It’s impossible to teach this guy. He
thinks he knows it all. I could see it
would come to this. Here’s your march-
ing orders, Mr. Know-All. Clear off.
Fend for yourself. I’m tired of keeping
you. You don’t belong in my world.
You contribute nothing but belly-aching.
THE TWO

Scram out of here and don’t come back.”
Johns went a little pale and com-
pressed his lips. “I was going anyway.
I can’t stomach this emperor and slave
routine any more. You’re mad and
you’re best left alone. Come on, Madge,
we’ll go start our own world.”

  Madge said, “I’m staying with Jack.”
“What?” said Johns and looked ap-
palled. “Why, for heaven’s sake? He’ll
only make a slave out of you. He’s im-
possible to live with. Is it because he’s
got the food? You don’t have to worry
about that. There’s plenty of rabbits
for us and shellfish and water. We might
find edible vegetation somewhere.”

  “It isn’t that,” cut in Madge, irrita-
bly. “I’m staying with Jack because I
prefer to. He’s got the right ideas. And
he’s a man.”

  Malatesta grinned suddenly and put
his arm about her waist. Johns felt a
queer sharp pain. It was loneliness stab-
bing at him. It was as if he had been
shut out of life, alone, unwanted.

  “But—” he said weakly. “But I
thought, Madge, you understood.”

  “You bore me sick,” she said. “Yat-
ter-yatter-yatter all the time about
things that don’t matter any more. Your
feet don’t touch the ground anywhere.

I want a family. I want kids and a man
who knows how to bring ’em up. Can
you imagine what it’d be like for me
with.you, doing things your way?

  “I’d be doing all the man’s work,
while you’d be sitting with the kids,
pumping ’em full of poetry and high-
falutin’ useless stuff, teaching ’em
everything but how to look after them-
selves. That’s the only important thing
in this world—how to look after your-
self. There’s no college here to feed
you just for lecturing.”

  “The majority, you see, Johns, is on
my side,” said Malatesta, his grin
broadening.

  All at once Johns hated them both
with impotent fury. He turned away
and walked toward the bucket.

  Malatesta’s grin vanished. “Leave
the bucket!” he snapped. “That’s my
property. Leave everything except your-
self.”

SHADOWS	117

  Johns bent and picked up the stone
shaped like a head.

  “I trust you will allow me to take
this?” he said with gritty mock-polite-
ness.

  “Sure. Start a museum with it. Now
git!”

  Without a backward glance Johns
went. The world was against him. It
seemed idiotic to think of one man and
one woman as "the world” but factually
it was very nearly true.

  He had a mad impulse to smash things
and there was nothing to smash except
the weak bending grass-stalks. Then a
“rabbit” crossed his path and instant-
ly he smashed the stone down on top of
it and broke the creature’s back.

  With that killing, the violence ebbed
from his system, left him feeling weak
and empty. He stared down at the
broken mouse-skinned body. It looked
pitifully small and lonely.

  Unconsciously he identified it with
himself and regretted his unplanned ac-
tion. He might have caught the crea-
ture, tamed it, made a friend of it. If
anyone ever needed a friend he did.

  He picked up the stone thoughtfully
and walked on. Presently he stopped,
went back and picked up the rabbit.
Perhaps a fellow couldn’t help relaps-
ing to childhood sometimes and feeling
a need for pets and dolls to confide Ms
troubles to. All the same he had to
eat. He was on his own now. He must
learn to be self-reliant.

  He strode on, frowning, the stone in
one hand and the rabbit in the other.
What was it Emerson had said about
self-reliance?

  After a time he forgot Emerson, and
by practise became expert in using the
head as a throwing stone. He could hit
a rabbit on the run at ten paces.

        CHAPTER V
        The Bonfire

A FORTNIGHT later Johns floated
on his back in the channel, gaz-
ing up into the dark blue sky at the two
118	STARTLING STORIES

small suns and the faint stars. The air
was still, the blue water placid. It was
quiet and nothing disturbed the peace
or threatened to.

  And he felt like screaming.

  Sometimes in the turmoil of Earth he
had dreamed of life on a desert island.
Once he had seriously thought of going
into a monastery.

  “Utter fool!” lie said aloud. One thing
he had learned—he was not by tempera-
ment a hermit. But then, Robinson Cru-
soe had had his Man Friday, his parrot,
his goat. And the monks had fellow
monks—and books.

  How he longed for books! Even so
they were only a substitute for the spok-
en word. Oh, for someone to speak to—
even Malatesta! The man was not un-
intelligent although he was a brute. If
he, Johns, had kept his temper they
might have got along after a fashion.

  Madge he still thought of with bitter-
ness. She had not even troubled to argue
with him. She had listened to him in
silence, thinking only of him as a fool.
It still hurt. But why should he consid-
er her opinion worth anything? She was
the fool, not he.

  If only she had not at first seemed so
pleasant. And if only she weren't so
pretty. . . .

  Why should she keep drifting into his
mind's eye? Why should he bother to
waste another thought on her? She was
perfectly matched with Malatesta. A
pair of pragmatists. They could, no
doubt, raise a family of pragmatists,
all of them unaware of the eternal
truths because there was no poet to
instruct them. A tribe without poetry.

  He floated, with the water dulling his
ears, quoting aloud the Caliph in Has-
san. “ ‘Ah, if there shall ever arise a na-
tion whose people have forgotten poetry
. . . though their city be greater than
Babylon of old, though they mine a
league into earth or mount to the stars
on wings—what of them?’"

  What had Hassan answered? “ ‘They
will be a dark patch upon the world.' ”

  He tried to recall more of it and was
impatient because he could not. He
stared up at Earth, thinking of all the

literature that had perished.

  Pater had advised the world to “burn
with a hard, gemlike'flame.” Now it was
doing it—literally. In Earth’s dark his-
tory there had been many a “burning
of the books.” This, the last, could nev-
er be surpassed. It was a funeral pyre
and no Phoenix would arise from the
ashes.

  Not unless he did something about it.

  The gloom that sat heavily upon him
seemed to form itself into as heavy a
cloak of responsibility, a garment he
had tried to ignore, had tried to pre-
tend was something else.

  There had been a good library in
the Nuova Vita. Much technical stuff
but also a fine selection of literature
intended for preservation. How much of
it had been destroyed in the smash? It
was his duty to preserve what was left.

  Probably it was the last remnant of
culture in the Solar System. So far as
he could judge from a fortnight’s trudg-
ing up and down the channel-side, peer-
ing at the distances, there was no sign
of any Martian civilization, old or new.
Perhaps there had never been one.

  He had spent hours examining the
stone head and was still undecided about
it. Perhaps Malatesta had been right
—perhaps he was reading a pattern into
the chance work of nature merely be-
cause he wanted to see that pattern. On
the other hand he might be just as right
himself.

  Surely, here on Mars, the eternal val-
ues reigned and had been glimpsed by
some sentient indigenous creatures?
This carven head was a sign, a symbol,
a reassurance of that. Sometimes he was
sure of it and glowed with excitement.
At those times life would flood with
meaning again.

  And then at others the stone became
a lifeless lump in his hands, drained
of*significance, just a gray-black meteor-
ite. Then everything, including him-
self, was purposeless and of no more
account than the dead stone.

  No, the only chance was the books. He
must get them.

  Spurred by the resolution, he swam
to the bank.
THE TWO

EVERYTHING looked much as be-
fore around the wreck except that
at a little distance from the shack a
large bright fire burned, sending up a
wavering column of black smoke. As he
neared it he could see Malatesta sitting
on his couch by the fire. There was a
heap on the ground at his side and oc-
casionally Malatesta reached out, took
something from the heap, threw it into
the fire.

  Johns looked around hopefully for
the small plump figure of Madge. She
was nowhere in sight.

  When he was close enough to see just
what Malatesta was doing he gave
something between a shriek and a shout
and ran toward the fire.

  "Stop that!” he yelled. “Stop it, I
say!”

  Malatesta looked up at him calmly.
“Thought I told you to stay away from
here.”

  “Don’t put any more of those books
on the fire. I warn you,” said Johns,
breathlessly.

  “You’re a bit late. We’ve had the
fire going for over a week.”

  “You vandal!” Johns dropped his
throwing stone and knelt by the fire.
It was all burning books, a tangle of
charring gilt edges, leather bindings,
printed rice paper.

  He raked out one that had not prop-
erly caught and burned his fingers slap-
ping at the smoldering spine. He
dropped the book. It fell open at a page
that began complacently, We can, I be-
lieve, take it for granted that in the
world of 2200, which we are trying to
foresee with our imagination, the pres-
ent ideological conflicts will have re-
solved themselves and mankind will
have united under a common liberal
education. . . .

  In a spasm of bitter disgust he
thrust the book back into the flames.

  “Make up your mind,” said Malates-
ta, sarcastically.

  Johns glared at him. “There is no
need for this sort of thing. The grass
provides endless fuel. You’ve only got to
pull it up and let it dry. As I’ve done.”

  “Ah, but you didn’t have any books.

SHADOWS	119

They burn longer than grass and give
more heat. I prefer warmth to idealism.”
“You’ll have to make do with grass
in future. I want those books.”

  Malatesta looked him up and down
apprisingly.

  “Your fortnight in the wilderness
seems to have toughened you up. Never-
theless I could still beat you up with one
hand. So quit talking that way.”

  “It won’t always be like this,” said
Johns between his teeth. “You’re too
fond of that couch. You’re running to
fat and self-indulgence. I’m getting
stronger.”

  "Come back when you think you’re
strong enough,” said Malatesta with
steel in his voice. “I’ll be ready for you.
So will my sons—there’ll be a lot of
’em and they’ll be tough—because I
know how to bring ’em up.”

 “Brought up on your philosophy
they’ll be a generation of vipers.”
Malatesta clenched his fist hard. In
the same instant Johns grabbed his
throwing stone and stood up. They re-
garded each other, frozen, tense. Then,
slowly, Malatesta let his hand open.
“You still don’t like my ideas, huh?”
“They’re the quintessence of evil. You
could build nothing from them but a
soulless hell.”

  Malatesta gave a short, hard laugh.
“That’s funny. I’ve always regarded
you as the serpent in this particular
Garden of Eden.”

  “Your mistake. You’re the serpent in
these parts.”

  “As I recall it,” said Malatesta, “the
serpent made Eve eat of the forbidden
Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil.
That’s exactly what you tried to do with
Madge. Haven’t you discovered yet that
knowledge and happiness are incompati-
ble? I thought you knew your Greek
philosophy. I’d rather be a happy pig
than an unhappy Socrates. If we’re
ignorant, Madge and me, we’re happy
in our ignorance. You and your Truth!”
He spat and there was a confirmatory
hiss from the fire.

  He went on, "Why must your sort al-
ways interfere, always preach, think-
ing you know it all and that everyone
120	STARTLING STORIES

else has got to think the same as you?
It was fanatics like you who brought
our world to destruction. We’re satisfied
with making our own little truths to
suit ourselves—no factory stuff.

  “Each man to his own belief and let
the other guy alone. But that’s not good
enough for you. You’ve got to pretend
that yours is the only truth and try to
stuff it down our throats. Intolerant
fool! What a hell you would make here
if you had your way—as you made a
hell upon Earth.”

  “You idiot!” said Johns, fiercely.
“Earth went up in flames simply be-
cause of millions of people like you
making themselves a law unto them-
selves. You undermined the belief in
morals which was our only hope. When
that code fell Earth fell.”

MALATESTA seemed not to have
heard him. He had picked up a
book from the heap and was regarding
its title.

  “The Works of John Keats,” he said.
“Well, well. ‘Beauty is truth, truth beau-
ty—that is all ye know on earth and all
ye need to know.’ On Earth. But this is
Mars.”

  He tossed the book casually into the
fire. An instant later the throwing stone
crashed against his skull and killed him.

  Johns stood over the body, fallen
from its couch, not seeing it, not seeing
anything but a red mist. When it cleared
he was sick and the works of Keats had
gone forever.

  There came a cry, the thud of a
dropped bucket, the wash of water over
the grass. Then Madge came running
and flung herself on the body, sobbing
and crying, “Jack! Jack!” '

  Johns watched her dully for a mo-
ment. Then he went off a little way
and lay on the grass, face downward,
making a pillow of his arms. His head
was whirling and he could get nothing
straight.

  Presently, she came and stood over
him.

  “You murderer!”

  He half-turned his head, and mum-
bled, “He—” He stopped. What was the

use of trying to explain to her the loss
of Keats or the chain of clashes which
had led up to that last act of vandal-
ism being the immediate pull on a hair-
trigger? There must have been half-a-
dozen mixed motives, which he had
neither the ability nor the will to sort
out now.

  “He went for his gun,” he said. “It
was self-defense.”

  “That’s a lie,” said Madge, coldly. “He
never had his gun. Because I had it.
I’ve still got it and I’m going to use it.
Turn around. Do you want to be shot in
the back?”

  Slowly he turned over and sat up.
Madge’s face was pale and tear-
stained, but determined, and the auto-
matic that pointed down at him was
steady. Over her left shoulder burned
the Earth—over her right the Sun.

  “Every time I went to get the water,
he would give me the gun—in case I
met you and you tried anything. He
didn’t care about himself. He could have
killed you with one hand.”

  “I guess he told you that himself,”
murmured Johns, wearily. “Okay, go
ahead if you believe you ought to. I give
up. Whatever you believe you’re as
right as I am. When I am gone you will
always be wholly and absolutely right
—until you die.”

  The gun began to tremble a little.

  “I loved him,” she said. “He was
rough but—I loved that man. Now
you’ve killed him. I’m going to kill you.
That’s justice.”

  “If you think so. But that’s an ab-
stract he didn’t believe in, of course. If
you kill me, thinking that, I win. But is
your motive really justice? It might be
revenge—or anger at being deprived
of his attentions—and his children.
Don’t give it a name. Just act how you
feel—that was his philosophy and yours.
I’m not afraid. What have I to live for?”
“You killed him because you wanted
me, didn’t you?” she said.

“If you think so. What does it mat-
ter now? Shoot—get it over with.”
“Oh!” she said, suddenly, and threw
the gun away and burst into tears. “I
don’t want to be alone!” she sobbed.
THE TWO

"And I want so to have children.”
He stared at her in amazement. Then
he got up and took hold of her, swing-
ing her half-around. He kissed her and
she clung to him.

  “Don’t leave me alone!” she cried.
"Don’t ever leave me alone!”

  He held her, tightening his grip. “It’s
all right, Madge. We’ll keep together.
We’re all that are left—anywhere.”

  Over her shoulder he saw their unit-
ed shadows slanting across the grass
in a long V. Only two of them left but
between them they had four shadows.

  It was odd but it was Malatesta’s
materialistic philosophy, adopted by
Madge, that had now saved his life.
Madge had let him live only because
she needed him, because of the practi-
cal outcome. If he had succeeded in im-
buing her with his abstract ideals he
would be as dead as Malatesta.

  Had he been wrong? Would he ever
really know?

  Was there something symbolic in the
double shadows or was he reading pat-
terns into things again? Here a man
cast one shadow by the light of the sin-
ful suicidal Earth, another by the light
of the life-giving Sun. Wherever you
stood you could not escape the duality.

  So long as there were the two sources
you were bound to be affected by them
both. You could not choose to stand only
in the light of one.

  “We are what we are according to
our lights,” he said, under his breath.
Madge pressed herself even closer to
him.

IT was some time later that he discov-
ered that, though Malatesta’s skull
had been split open, it had been suffi-
ciently hard to do the same to the mis-
sile which had struck it. The stone head
was gaping apart, showing its own
brain.

  The cells of the brain were tight-
packed in the cavity—thousands of

SHADOWS	121

rolls of incredibly thin but tough metal
tape, scarcely an eighth of an inch wide.
He could just make out some of the lit-
tle colored pictures on them. To those
who had made them they must have
been great banners, blazoning forth the
history and knowledge of their race.

  “Think of it, Madge!” he said, excit-
edly. "Of all the incredible luck! To
stumble like this on the records they
preserved for posterity. It was a head—
humanoid, too. I wonder where the body
is? We must look for it.”

  “There may be lots of ’em around,”
she said. “Our people were always do-
ing that sort of thing, weren’t they ?”
“Who’d have thought the Martians
were such tiny folk!” he said. “There
was I, carrying this in my hand, scan-
ning the horizons for man-sized relics.
There must be plenty of traces but
we’ll have to look under the grass, not
over it.”

  “Uh-huh,” she said, more concerned
with the fire, which was dying down
just as the rabbit-stew was nearing the
boil. She reached for a book and gave it
to him to censor.

  He glanced at it absently:

  “Lord, no, not that one! We’ll need
it when we get down to work, making
our instruments.”

  He laid Microscopy and Optical Sys-
tems on the grass beside him.

  She handed him another. He looked
at it, and smiled. “We’ll need that, too.”
He laid Obstetrics on top of the other
book.

  Patiently she held up another for his
inspection.

  "Birr!" he said. “Burn that.”

  She poked Income Tax Accountancy
carefully under the pot and the flames
gathered life. She peeped into the pot
and was satisfied with what she saw.
The stew was thickening nicely and they
would have a rich supper. It seemed
just about the most important thing in
life to her at that moment.

Read the Novel of Shocking Predictions—ENSLAVED BRAINS, by
Eando Binder, complete science fiction classic in the gala Winter
Issue of FANTASTIC STORY QUARTERLY, 25c at all stands!
MEN of the TEN BOOKS

EVER since THE WORLD THINKER appeared in
Summer, 1945, TWS. we have been asked, "Who
is-Jack Vance?" His identity has been faultily sur-
mised to be everything from a house by-line to
another pseudonym for the redoubtable Henry
Kultner. Actually he is a young (thrrty-ish) alumnus
of University of California and World War Two
Merchant Marine, whora he was torpedoed twice.
By his own account he first thought about star travel
' on his seventh birthday and has not stopped yet.
Hallmarks of a Vance story are a crisp polychro-
matic imagination, swift, well4ntegrated action and
a solid bed of human idealism, often nurtured in-
geniously into flowerings of cynicism. His stories
. and the people and other creatures jn them have
a way of springing vividly to life—for proof, Just
read this story!

By JACK
VANCE

THEY were as alone as it is possible
for living man to be in the black
gulf between the stars. Far astern shone
the suns of the home worlds—ahead the
outer stars and galaxies in a fainter
ghostly glimmer.

  The cabin was quiet Betty Welstead
sat watching her husband at the assay
table, her emotions tuned to his. When
the centrifuge scale indicated heavy
metal and Welstead leaned forward she
leaned forward too in unconscious sym-

           The folk on the
strange planet spoke
the language of Earth!
MEN OF THE TEN BOOKS	123

pathy. When he burnt scrapings in the
spectroscope and read Lead from the
brightest pattern and chewed at his lips
Betty released her pent-up breath, fell
back in her seat.

  Ralph Welstead stood up, a man of
medium height—rugged, tough-looking
—with hair and skin and eyes the same
tawny color. He brushed the whole clut-
ter of rock and ore into the waste chute
and Betty followed him with her eyes.

  Welstead said sourly, “We’d be mil-
lionaires if that asteroid had been inside
the Solar system. Out here, unless it’s
pure platinum or uranium, it’s not worth
mining.”

  Betty broached a subject which for
two months had been on the top of her
mind. “Perhaps we should start to swing
back in.”

  Welstead frowned, stepped up into the
observation dome. Betty watched after
him anxiously. She understood very well
that the instinct of the explorer as much
as the quest for minerals had brought
them out so far.

  Welstead stepped back down into the
cabin. “There’s a star ahead”—he put a
finger into the three-dimensional chart
—“this one right here, Eridanus two
thousand nine hundred and thirty-two.
Let’s make a quick check—and then
we’ll head back in.”

  Betty nodded, suddenly happy. “Suits
me.” She jumped up, and together they
went to the screen. He aimed the catch-
all vortex, dialed the hurrying blur to
stability and the star pulsed out like a
white-hot coin. A single planet made up
the entourage.

  “Looks about Earth-size,” said Wel-
«tead, interest in his voice, and Betty’s
heart sank a trifle. He tuned the circuit
finer, turned ifp the magnification and
the planet leapt at them.

  “Look at that atmosphere! Thick!”

  He swiveled across the jointed arm
holding the thermocouple and together
they bent over the dial.

  “N i n e t e e n degrees Centigrade.
About Earth-norm. Let’s look at that
atmosphere. You know, dear, we might
have something tremendous here!
Earth-size, Earth temperature .. His

voice fell off in a mutter as he peered
through the spectroscope, flipping screen
after screen past the pattern from the
planet. He stood up, cast Betty a swift
exultant glance, then squinted in sudden
reflection. “Better make sure before we
get too excited.”

  Betty felt no excitement. She watched
without words as Welstead thumbed
through the catalogue.

  “Whee!" yelled Welstead, suddenly a
small boy. “No listing! It’s ours!” And
Betty’s heart melted at the news. Delay,
months of delay, while Welstea'd ex-
plored the planet, charted its oceans and
continents, classified its life. At the same
time, a spark of her husband’s enthusi-
asm caught fire in her brain and interest
began to edge aside her gloom.

  “We’ll name it ‘Welstead,’ ” he said.
“Or, no—‘Elizabeth’ for you. A planet of
your own! Some day there’ll be cities
and millions of people. And every time
they write a letter or throw a shovelful
of dirt or a ship lands—they’ll use your
name.”

  “No, dear,” she said. “Don’t be ridic-
ulous. We’ll call it ‘Welstead’—for us
both.”

  They felt an involuntary pang of dis-
appointment later on when they found
the planet already inhabited, and by
men.

■V^ET their reception astonished them
as much as the basic discovery of
the planet and its people. Curiosity, hos-
tility might have been expected. . . .

  They had been in no hurry to land,
preferring to fall into an orbit just
above the atmosphere, the better to
study the planet and its inhabitants.

  It looked to be a cheerful world. There
were a thousand kinds of forest, jungle,
savannah. Sunny rivers coursed green
fields. A thousand lakes and three oceans
glowed blue. To the far north and far
south snowfields glittered, dazzled. Such
cities as they found—the world seemed
sparsely settled—merged indistinguish-
ably with the countryside.

  They were wide low cities, very dif-
ferent from the clanging hives of Earth,
and lay under the greenery like carv-
124	STARTLING STORIES

ings in alabaster or miraculous snow-
flakes. Betty, in whose nature ran a
strong streak of the romantic, was en-
tranced.

  “They look like cities of Paradise—
cities in a dream!”

  Welstead said reflectively, “They’re
evidently not backward. See that cluster
of long gray buildings off to the side?
Those are factories.”

  Betty voiced a doubt which had been
gradually forming into words. “Do you
think they might—resent our landing?
If they’ve gone to the trouble of creat-
ing a secret—well, call it Utopia—they
■light not want to be discovered.”
Welstead turned his head, gazed at
her eye to eye. “Do you want to land?”
he asked soberly.

  “Why, yes—if you do. If you don’t
think it's dangerous.”

  “I don’t know whether it’s dangerous
or not. A people as enlightened as those
cities would seem to indicate would hard-
ly maltreat strangers.”

  Betty searched the face of the planet.
“I think it would be safe.”

  Welstead laughed. “I’m game. We’ve
got to die sometime. Why not out here?”
He jumped up to the controls, nosed
the ship down.

  “We’ll land right in their laps, right
in the middle of that big city down
there.”

  Betty looked at him questioningly.
“No sense sneaking down out in the
wilds,” said Welstead. “If we’re land-
ing we’ll land with a flourish.”

  “And if they shoot us for our inso-
lence?”

  “Call it Fate.”

  They bellied down into a park in the
very center of the city. From the obser-
vation dome Welstead glimpsed hurry-
ing knots of people.

  “Go to the port, Betty. Open it just a
crack and show yourself. I’ll stay at the
controls. One false move, one dead cat
heaved at us, and we’ll be back in space
so fast they won’t remember we ar-
rived.”

  Thousands of men and women of all
ages had surrounded the ship, all shout-
ing, all agitated by strong emotion.

  They re throwing flowers! Betty
gasped. She opened the port and stood
in the doorway and the people below
shouted, chanted, wept. Feeling rather
ridiculous, Betty waved, smiled.

  She turned to look back up at Wel-
stead. “I don’t know what we’ve done to
deserve all this but we’re heroes. Maybe
they think we’re somebody else.”
Welstead craned his neck through the
observation dome. “They look healthy—
normal.”

  “They’re beautiful,” said Betty. “All
of them.”

  The throng opened, a small group of
elderly men and women approached. The
leader, a white-haired man, tall, lean,
with much the same face as Michel-
angelo’s Jehovah, stood forth.

  “Welcome!” he called resonantly.
“Welcome from the people of Haven!”

BETTY stared, and Welstead clam-
bered down from the controls. The
words were strangely pronounced, the
grammar was archaic—but it was the
language of Earth.

  The white-haired man spoke on, with-
out calculation, as if delivering a speech
of great familiarity. “We have waited
two hundred and seventy-one years for
your coming, for the deliverance you
will bring us.”

  Deliverance? Welstead considered the
word. “Don’t see much to deliver ’em
from,” he muttered aside to Betty. “The
sun’s shining, there’s flowers on all the
trees, they look well-fed—a lot more en-
thusiastic than I do. Deliver ’em from
what?”

  Betty was climbing down to the
ground and Welstead followed.

  “Thanks for the welcome,” said Wel-
stead, trying not to sound like a visiting
politician. “We’re glad to be here. It’s
a wonderful experience, coming unex-
pectedly on a world like this.”

  The white-haired man bowed gravely.
“Naturally you must be curious—as
curious as we are about the civilized uni-
verse. But for the present, just one ques-
tion for the ears of our world. How goes
it with Earth?”

  Welstead rubbed his chin, acutely con-
MEN OF THE TEN BOOKS	125

scious of the thousands of eyes, the utter
silence.

  ‘‘Earth,” he said, “goes about as usu-
al. There’s the same seasons, the same
rain, sunshine, frost and wind.” And the
people of Haven breathed in his words
as devoutly as if they were the purest
poetry. "Earth is still the center of the
Cluster and there’s more people living
on Earth than ever before. More noise,
more nuisance . .

  “Wars? New governments? How far
does science reach ?”

  Welstead considered. “Wars? None to
speak of—not since the Hieratic League
broke up. The government still governs,
uses lots of statistical machinery.
There’s still graft, robbery, inefficiency,
if that’s what you mean.

  “Science—that’s a big subject. We
know a lot but we don’t know a lot more,
the way it's always been. Everything
considered it’s the same Earth it’s al-
ways been—some good, a lot of bad.”

  He paused, and the pent breath of
the listeners went in a great sigh. The
white-haired man nodded again, serious,
sober—though evidently infected with
the excitement that fired his fellows.

  “No more for the present! You’ll be
tired and there’s much time for talk.
May I offer you the hospitality of my
house?”

  Welstead looked uncertainly at Betty.
Instinct urged him not to leave his ship.

  “Or if you’d prefer to remain aboard
. . .” suggested the man of Haven.

  “No,” said Welstead. “We’ll be de-
lighted.” If harm were intended—as em-
phatically did not seem likely—their
presence aboard the ship would not pre-
vent it. He craned his neck, looked here
and there for the officialdom that would
be bumptiously present on Earth.

  “Is there anyone we should report to?
Any law we’ll be breaking by parking
our ship here?”

  The white-haired man laughed. “What
a question! I am Alexander Clay, Mayor
of this city Mytilene and Guide of
Haven. By my authority and by common
will you are free of anything the planet
can offer you. Your ship will not be
molested.”

  He led them to a wide low car and
Betty was uncomfortably conscious of
her blue shorts, rumpled and untidy by
comparison with the many-colored
tunics of the women in the crowd.

  Welstead was interested in the car
as providing a gauge of Haven’s tech-
nics. Built of shiny gray metal it hung
a foot above the ground, without the in-
tervention of wheels. He gave Clay a
startled look. “Anti-gravity? Your for-
tune’s made.”

  Clay shook his head indulgently.
"Magnetic fields, antipathetic to the
metal in the road. Is it not a common-
place on Earth?”

  “No,” said Welstead. “The theory, of
course, is well-known but there is too
much opposition, too many roads to dig
up. We still use wheels.”

  Clay said reflectively, “The force of
tradition. The continuity which gener-
ates the culture of races. The stream we
have been so long lost from ...”
Welstead shot him a sidelong glance.
Clay was entirely serious.

THE car had been sliding down the
road at rather high speed through
vistas of wonderful quiet and beauty.
Every direction showed a new and sepa-
rate enchantment—a glade surrounded
by great trees, a small home of natural
wood, a cluster of public buildings
around a plaza, a terrace checkered with
trees and lined with many-colored shops.

  Occasionally there were touches of
drama, such as the pylon at the end of
a wide avenue. It rose two hundred feet
into the air, a structure of concrete,
bronze and black metal, and it bore the
heroic figure of a man grasping vainly
for a star.

  Welstead craned his neck like a tour-
ist. “Magnificent!”

  Clay assented without enthusiasm. “I
suppose it’s not discreditable. Of course,
to you, fresh from the worlds of civiliza-
tion—” He left the sentence unfinished.
“Excuse me, while I call my home.” He
bent his head to a telephone.

  Betty said in Welstead’s ear, “This is
a city every planner on Earth would sell
his soul to build.”
1*6	STARTLING STORIES

  Welstead grunted. “Remember Hal-
leck?” he muttered. “He was a city plan-
ner. He wanted to tear down a square
mile of slums in Lanchester, eighteen
stories high on the average, nothing but
airless three-room apartments.

   “First the real estate lobby tore into
him, called him a Chaoticist. A rumor
circulated among his friends that he was
morally degenerate. The poor devils that
lived there tried to lynch him because
they’d be evicted. The Old Faithfuls read
him out of the party because they pulled
the votes of the district. The slums are
stilt there and Halleck’s selling farm im-
plements on Arcturus Five.”

  Betty looked off through the trees.
“Maybe Haven will turn out to be an
object lesson for the rest of the cluster.”
Welstead shrugged. “Maybe, maybe
not. Peace and seclusion are not some-
thing you can show to a million people
—because it isn’t peace and seclusion
any more.”

  Betty sat up straighter in her seat.
“The only way to convince the unbe-
lievers is by showing them, setting them
an example. Do you think that if the
Lanchester slum-dwellers saw this city
they’d go back to their three-room apart-
ments without wanting to do something
about it?”

   “If they saw this city,” said Welstead,
“they’d never leave Haven. By hook or
crook, stowaway or workaway, they’d
emigrate.”

  “Include me in the first wave!” said
Betty indignantly.

  The car turned into a leafy tunnel,
crossed a carpet of bright green turf,
stopped by a house built of dark mas-
sive wood. Four high gables in a row
overlooked a terrace, where a stream
followed its natural bed. The house
looked spacious, comfortable—rather
like the best country villas of Earth and
the garden planets without the sense of
contrived effect, the strain, the staging.

  “My home,” said Clay. He slid back a
door of waxed blond wood, ushered them
into an entry carpeted with golden rat-
tan, walled with a fabric the color of.
the forest outside. A bench of glowing
•dark wood crossed a wall under a framed

painting. From no apparent source light
flooded the room, like water in a tank.

  “One moment,” said Clay with a trace
of embarrassment. “My home is poor
and makeshift enough without exposing
it to your eyes at its worst.” He was
clearly sincere; this was no convention-
al deprecation.

  He started away, paused and said to
his half-comprehending guests, “I must
apologize for our backwardness but we
have no facilities for housing notable
guests, no great inns or embassies or
state-houses such as must add to the
dignity of life on Earth. I can only offer
you the hospitality of my home.”

  Welstead and Betty both protested.
“We don’t deserve as much. After all
we’re only a pair of fly-by-night pros-
pectors.”

  Clay smiled and they could see that
he had been put more at his ease.
“You’re the link between Haven and
civilization—the most important visi-
tors we’ve ever had. Excuse me.” He de-
parted.

  Betty went to the picture on the wall,
a simple landscape—the slope of a hill,
a few trees, a distant range of moun-
tains. Welstead, with small artistic sen-
sibility, looked around for the source of
the light—without success. He joined
Betty beside the picture. She said half-
breathlessly. “This is a—I'm afraid to
say it—a masterpiece.”

  Welstead squinted, trying to under-
stand the basis of his wife’s awe and
wonderment. Indeed the picture focused
his eyes, drew them in and around the
frame, infused him with a pleasant ex-
hilaration, a warmth and serenity.

Clay, returning, noticed their inter-
est. “What do you think of it?” he asked.

  “I think it's—exceedingly well done,”
said Betty, at a loss for words which
would convey her admiration without
sounding fulsome.

  Clay shook his head ruefully, turned
away. “You need not praise an inconse-
quentiality out of courtesy, Mrs. Wel-
stead. We know our deficiencies. Your
eyes have seen the Giottos, the Rem-
brandts, the Cezannes. This must seem a
poor thing.”
MEN OF THE

BETTY began to remonstrate but
halted. Words evidently would not
convince Clay—or perhaps a convention
of his society prompted him to belittle
the works of his people and it might be
discourteous to argue too vehemently.

  “Your quarters are being prepared,”
Clay told them. “I’ve also ordered fresh
clothing for you both as I see yours are
stained with travel.”

  Betty blushed, smoothed the legs of
her blue shorts. Welstead sheepishly
brushed at his faded blouse. He reached
in his pocket, pulled out a bit of gravel.
“From an asteroid I prospected a few
weeks ago.” He twisted it around in his
fingers. “Nothing but granite, with gar-
net inclusions.”

  Clay took the bit of rock, inspected
it with a peculiar reverence. "May I keep
this?”

  “Why, of course.”

  Clay laid the bit of stone on a silver
plate. “You will not understand what
this small stone symbolizes to us of
Haven. Interstellar travel—our goal,
our dream for two hundred and seventy-
one years.”

  The recurrence of the period two hun-
dred and seventy-one years! Welstead
calculated. That put them back into the
Era of the Great Excursives, when the
over-under space-drive had first come
into use, when men drove pell-mell
through the galaxy, like bees through a
field of flowers and human culture flared
through space like a super-nova.

  Clay led them through a large room,
simple in effect, rich in detail. Wel-
stead’s vision was not analytical enough
to catch every particular at first. He
sensed overall tones of tan, brown, mel-
low blue, watery green, in the wood,
fabric, glass, pottery—the colors com-
bined to marvelous effect with the waxy
umber gleam of natural wood. At the
end of the room a case held ten large
books bound in black leather and these,
by some indefinable emphasis, seemed
to bear the significance of an icon.

  They passed through a passage open
along one side into a garden filled with
flowers, low trees, tame birds. Clay
showed them into a long apartment

TEN BOOKS	127

streaming with sunlight.

  “Your bath is through the door,” said
Clay. “Fresh clothes are laid out on the
bed. When you are rested I shall be in
the main hall. Please be at leisure—the
house is yours.”

  They were alone. Betty sighed hap-
pily, sank down on the bed. “Isn’t it
wonderful, dear?”

  “It’s queer,” said Welstead, standing
in the middle of the room.

  “What’s queer?”

  “Mainly why these people, apparently
gifted and efficient, act so humble, so
self-deprecating.”

  “They look confident.”

  "They are confident. Yet as soon as
the word Earth is mentioned it’s like
saying Alakland to an exiled Lak.
There’s nothing like it.”

  Betty shrugged, began to remove her
clothes. “There’s probably some very
simple explanation. Right now I’m tired
of speculating. I’m for that bath. Water,
water, water! Tons of it!”

THEY found Clay in the long hall
with his pleasant-faced wife, his
four youngest children, whom he grave-
ly introduced.

  Welstead and Betty seated themselves
on a divan and Clay poured them small
china cups of pale yellow-green wine,
then settled back in his own seat.

  “First I’ll explain our world of Haven
to you—or have you surmised our
plight?”

  Welstead said, “I guess a colony was
planted here and forgotten—lost.”

  Clay smiled sadly. “Our beginnings
were rather more dramatic. Two hun-
dred and seventy-one years ago the pas-
senger packet Etruria, enroute to Rigel,
went out of control. According to the
story handed down to us the bus-bars
fused inside the drive-box. If the case
were opened the fields would collapse. If
it were not the ship would fly until there
was no more energy.”

  Welstead said, “That was a common
accident in the old days. Usually the en-
gineer cut away the thrust-blocks on
one side of the hull. Then the ship flew
in circles until help arrived.”
128	STARTLING STORIES

  Clay made a wry sad grimace. “No
one on the Etmi'ia thought of that. The
ship left the known universe and finally
passed close to a plan^Tthat seemed
capable of sustaining life. The sixty-
three aboard took to the life-boats and
so landed on Haven.

  “Thirty-four men, twenty-five wo-
men, four children—ranging in age
from Dorothy Pell, eight, to Vladimir
Hocha, seventy-four, with representa-
tives of every human race. We’re the
descendants of the sixty-three—three
hundred million of us.”

  “Fast work,” said Betty, with admi-
ration.

  “Large families,” returned Clay. “I
have nine children, sixteen grandchil-
dren. From the start our guiding princi-
ple has been to keep the culture of Earth
intact for our descendants, to teach them
what we knew of human tradition.

  “So that when rescue came—as it
must finally—then our children or our
children’s children could return to
Earth, not as savages but as citizens.
And our invaluable source has been the
Ten Books, the only books brought down
from the Etruria. We could not have
been favored with books more inspir-
ing. . .

  Clay’s gaze went to the black bound
books at the end of the room, and his
voice lowered a trifle.

 “The Encyclopedia of Human
Achievement. The original edition was
in ten little plastrol volumes, none of
them larger than your hand—but in
them was such a treasury of human
glory that never could we forget our
ancestry, or rest in our efforts to achieve
somewhere near the level of the great
masters. All the works of the human
race we set as our standards—music,
art, literature—all were described in the
Encyclopedia.”

  “Described, you say,” mused Wel-
stead.

  “There were no illustrations?” asked
Betty.

  “No,” said Clay, “there was small
compass for pictures in the original edi-
tion. However”—he went to the case,
selected a volume at random—“the

words left little to the imagination. For
example, on the music of Bach—‘When
Bach arrived on the scene the toccata
was tentative, indecisive—a recreation,
a tour de force, where the musician
might display his virtuosity.

  “ ‘In Bach the toccata becomes a me-
dium of the noblest plasticity. The theme
he suggests by casual fingering of the
keyboard, unrelated runs. Then comes
a glorious burst into harmony—the orig-
inal runs glow like prisms, assume stat-
ure, gradually topple together into a
miraculous pyramid of sound.’

  “And on Beethoven—‘A God among
men. His music is the voice of the world,
the pageant of all irftagined splendor.
The sounds he invokes are natural
forces of the same order as sunsets,
storms at sea, the view from mountain
crags.’	t

  “And on Leon Bismarck Beiderbecke
—‘His trumpet pours out such a torrent
of ecstasy, such triumph, such overrid-
ing joys that the heart of man freezes
in anguish at not being wholly part of
it.’ ” Clay closed the book, replaced it.
“Such is our heritage. We have tried to
keep alive, however poorly, the stream
of our original culture.”

  “I would say that you have succeed-
ed,” Welstead remarked dryly.

  Betty sighed, a long slow suspiration.
Clay shook his head. “You can’t judge
until you’ve seen more of Haven. We’re
comfortable enough though our manner
of living must seem unimpressive in
comparison with the great cities, the
magnificent palaces of Earth.”

  “No, not at all,” said Betty but Clay
made a polite gesture.

  “Don’t feel obliged to flatter us. As
I’ve said, we’re aware of our deficien-
cies. Our music for instance—it is pleas-
ant, sometimes exciting, sometimes pro-
found, but never does it reach the
heights of poignancy that the Encyclo-
pedia describes.

  “Our art is technically good but we
despair of emulating Seurat, who ‘out-
lumens light,’ or Braque, ‘the patterns
of the mind in patterns of color on the
patterns of life,’ or Cezanne—‘the planes
which under the guise of natural objects
MEN OF THE TEN BOOKS	129

march, merge, meet in accord with re-
morseless logic, which wheel around and
impel the mind to admit the absolute
justice of the composition.’ ”

  Betty glanced at her husband, appre-
hensive lest he speak what she knew
must be on his mind. To her relief he
kept silent, squinting thoughtfully at
Clay. For her part Betty resolved to
maintain a noncommittal attitude.

  “No,” Clay said heavily, “we do the
best we can, and in some fields we’ve
naturally achieved more than in others.
To begin with we had the benefit of all
human experience in our memories. The
paths were charted out for us—we knew
the mistakes to avoid. We’ve never had
wars or compulsion. We’ve never per-
mitted unreined authority. Still we’ve
tried to reward those who are willing
to accept responsibility.

  “Our criminals—very few now—are
treated for mental disorder on the first
and second offense, sterilized on the
third, executed on the fourth—our basic
law being cooperation and contribution
to the society, though there is infinite
latitude in how this contribution shall
be made. We do not make society a jug-
gernaut, A man may live as integrally
or as singularly as he wishes so long
as he complies with the basic law.”

  Clay paused, looking from Welstead
to Betty. “Now do you understand our
way of living?”

  “More or less,” said Welstead. “In the
outline at least. You seem to have made
a great deal of progress technically.”

  Clay considered. “From one aspect,
yes. From another no. We had the life-
boat tools, we had the technical skills
and most important we knew what we
were trying to do. Our main goal natu-
rally has been the conquest of space.
We've gone up in rockets but they can
take us nowhere save around the sun
and back. Our scientists are close on the
secret of the space-drive but certain
practical difficulties are holding them
up.”

  Welstead laughed. “Space-drive can
never be discovered by rational effort.
That’s a philosophical question which
has been threshed back and forth for

hundreds of years. Reason—the abstract
idea—is a function of ordinary time and
space. The space-drive has no qualities
in common with these ideas and for this
reason human thought can never con-
sciously solve the problem of the over-
drive. Experiment, trial and error can
do it. Thinking about it is useless.”

  “Hm,” said Clay. “That’s a new con-
cept. But now your presence makes it
beside the point, for you will be the link
back to our homeland.”

  Betty could see words trembling on
her husband’s tongue. She clenched her
hands, willed—willed—willed. Perhaps
the effort had some effect because Wel-
stead merely said, “We’ll do anything
we can to help.”

ALL of Mytilene they visited and
nearby Tiryns, Dicte and Ilium.
They saw industrial centers, atomic
power generators, farms, schools. They
attended a session of the Council of
Guides, both making brief speeches, and
they spoke to the people of Haven by
television. Every news organ on the
planet carried their words.

  They heard music from a green hill-
side, the orchestra playing from under
tremendous smoke black trees. They saw
the art of Haven in public galleries, in
homes and in common use. They read
some of the literature, studied the range
of the planet’s science, which was rough-
ly equivalent to that of Earth. And they
marveled continually how so few peo-
ple in so little time could accomplish so
much.

  They visited the laboratories, where
three hundred scientists and engineers
strove to force magnetic, gravitic and
vortigial fields into the fusion that made
star-to-star flight possible. And the
scientists watched in breathless tension
as Welstead inspected their apparatus.

  He saw at a single glance the source
of their difficulty. He had read of the
same experiments on Earth three hun-
dred years ago and of the fantastic acci-
dent that had led Roman-Forteski and
Gladheim to enclose the generatrix in a
dodecahedron of quartz. Only by such a
freak—or by his information—would
130	STARTLING STORIES

these scientists of Haven solve the mys-
tery of space-drive.

  And Welstead walked thoughtfully
from the laboratory, with the disap-
pointed glances of the technicians fol-
lowing him out. And Betty had glanced
after him in wonder, and the rest of
the day there had been a strain between
them.

  That night as they lay in the darkness,
rigid, wakeful, each could feel the pres-
sure of the other’s thoughts. Betty
finally broke the silence, in a voice so
blunt that there was no mistaking her
feeling.

  “Ralph!”

  “What?”

  “Why did you act as you did in the
laboratory ?”

  “Careful,” muttered Welstead. “May-
be the room is wired for sound.”

  Betty laughed scornfully. “This isn’t
Earth. These people are trusting, hon-
est. . . .”

  It was Welstead’s turn to laugh—a
short cheerless laugh. “And that’s the
reason I’m ignorant when it comes to
space-drive.”

  Betty stiffened. “What do you mean?”
“I mean that these people are too
damn good to ruin.”

  Betty relaxed, sighed, spoke slowly,
as if she knew she was in for a long
pull. “How—‘ruin?’”

  Welstead snorted. “It's perfectly
plain. You’ve been to their homes, you've
read their poetry, listened to their
music....”

  “Of course. These people live every
second of their lives with—well, call it
exaltation. A devotion to creation like
nothing I’ve ever seen before!”

  Welstead said somberly, “They’re liv-
ing in the grandest illusion ever im-
agined and they’re riding for an awful
fall. They’re like a man on a glorious
wine drunk.”

  Betty stared through the dark. “Are
you crazy?”

  “They’re living in exaltation now,”
said Welstead, “but what a bump when
the bubble breaks!”

  “But why should it break?” cried
Betty. “Why can’t—”

  “Betty,” said Welstead with a cold
sardonic voice, “have you ever seen a
public park on Earth after a holiday?”
Betty said hotly. “Yes—it’s dreadful.
Because the people of Earth have no
feeling of community.”

  “Right,” said Welstead. “And these
people have. They’re knit very tightly
by a compulsion that made them achieve
in two hundred-odd years what took
seven thousand on Earth. They’re all
facing in the same direction, geared to
the same drive. Once that drive is gone
how do you expect they’ll hold on to their
standards?”

  Betty was silent.

 “Human beings,” said Welstead
dreamily, “are at their best when the
going’s toughest. They’re either at their
best or else they’re nothing. The going’s
been tough here—these people have
come through. Give them a cheap liv-
ing, tourist money—then what?

  “But that’s not all. In fact it’s only
half the story. These people here,” he
stated with emphasis, “are living in a
dream. They’re the victims of the Ten
Books. They take every word literally
and they’ve worked their hearts out try-
ing to come somewhere near what they
expect the standards to be.

  “Their own stuff doesn’t do half the
things to them that the Ten Books says
good art ought to do. Whoever wrote
those Ten Books must have been a copy-
writer for an advertising agency.” Wel-
stead laughed. “Shakespeare wrote good
plays—sure, I concede it. But I’ve never
seen ‘fires flickering along the words,
gusty winds rushing through the pages.’
“Sibelius I suppose was a great com-
poser—I’m no expert on these things—
but whoever listened and became ‘part
of Finland’s ice, moss-smelling earth,
hoarse-breathing forest,’ the way the
Ten Books said everyone did?”

BETTY said, “He was merely trying
to express vividly the essence of
the artists and musicians.”

  “Nothing wrong in that,” said Wel-
stead. “On Earth we’re conditioned to
call everything in print a lie. At least we
allow for several hundred percent over-
MEN OF THE TEN BOOKS	181

statement. These people out here aren’t
immunized. They’ve taken every word
at its face value. The Ten Books is their
Bible. They’re trying to equal accom-
plishments which never existed.”

  Betty raised herself up on an elbow,
said in a voice of hushed triumph. “And
they’ve succeeded! Ralph, they’ve suc-
ceeded! They’ve met the challenge,
they’ve equaled or beaten anything
Earth has ever produced! Ralph, I’m
proud to belong to the same race.”
“Same species,” Welstead corrected
dryly. “These people are a mixed race.
They’re all races.”

  “What’s the difference?” Betty
snapped. “You’re just quibbling. You
know what I mean well enough.”
“We’re on a sidetrack,” said Welstead
wearily. “The question is not the people
of Haven and their accomplishments.
Of course they’re wonderful—now. But
how do you think contact with Earth
will affect them?

  “Do you think they’ll continue produc-
ing when the challenge is gone? When
they find the Earth is a rookery—nag-
ging,quarreling—full of mediocre hacks
and cheap mischief? Where the artists
draw nothing but nude women and the
musicians make their living reeling out
sound, sound, sound—any kind of sound
—for television sound-track. Where are
all their dreams then?

  “Talk about disappointment, stale-
ness! Mark my words, half the popula-
tion would be suicides and the other half
would turn to prostitution and cheating
the tourists. It’s a tough proposition. I
say, leave them with their dreams. Let
them think we’re the worst sort of vil-
lains. I say, get off the planet, get back
where we belong.”

Betty said in a troubled voice, “Sooner
or later somebody else will find them.”
“Maybe—maybe not. We’ll report the
region barren—which it is except for
Haven.”

  Betty said in a small voice, “Ralph, I
couldn’t do it? I couldn't violate their
trust.’'

"Not even to keep them trusting?”
Betty said wildly, “Don't you think
there'd be an equal deflation if we

sneaked away and left them? We're the
climax to their entire two hundred and
seventy-one years. Think of the listless-
ness after we left!”

  “They’re working on their space-
drive,” said Welstead. “Chances are a
million to one against their stumbling
on it. They don’t know that. They’ve got
a flicker of a field and they think all they
have to do is adjust the power feed, get
better insulation. They don’t have the
Mardi Gras lamp that Gladheim
snatched up when the lead tank melted.”
“Ralph,” said Betty, “your words are
all very logical. Your arguments stay
together—-but they’re not satisfying
emotionally. I don’t have the feeling of
rightness.”

  “Pish,” said Welstead. “Let’s not go
spiritual.”

  “And,” said Betty softly, “let’s not try
to play God either.”

  There was a long silence.

  “Ralph?” said Betty.

  “What?”

  “Isn’t there some way . . .”

  “Some way to do what?”

  “Why should it be our responsibility ?”
“I don’t know whose else it is. We’re
the instruments—”

  “But it’s their lives.”

  “Betty,” said Welstead wearily,
“here’s one time we can't pass the buck.
We’re the people who in the last resort
say yes or no. We’re the only people that
see on both sides of the fence. It’s an
awful decision to make—but I say no.”
There was no more talking and after
an unmeasured period they fell asleep.

THREE nights later Welstead
stopped Betty as she began to un-
dress for bed. She gave him a dark wide-
eyed stare.

  “Throw whatever you’re taking into a
bag. We’re leaving.”

  Betty’s body was rigid and tense,
slowly relaxing as she took a step to-
ward him. “Ralph . .

  “What?” And she could find no soft-
ness, no indecision in his topaz eyes.

  “Ralph—it’s dangerous for us to go.
If they caught us, they’d execute us—
for utter depravity.” And she said in a
132	STARTLING STORIES

murmur, looking away, “I suppose
they’d be justified too.”

  “It’s a chance we’ll have to take. Just
what we said the day we decided to land.
We’ve got to die sometime. Get your
gear and let’s take off.”

  “We should leave a note, Ralph. Some-
thing . . .”

  He pointed to an envelope. “There
it is. Thanking them for their hospital-
ity. I told them we were criminals and
couldn’t risk returning to Earth. It’s
thin but it’s the best I could do.”

A hint of fire returned to Betty’s
voice. “Don’t worry, they’ll believe it.”
Sullenly she tucked a few trinkets
into a pouch. “It’s a long way to the
ship you know,” she warned him.

  “We’ll take Clay’s car. I’ve watched
him and I know how to drive it.”

  She jerked in » small bitter spasm of
laughter. “We’re even car thieves.”

  “Got to be,” said Welstead stonily. He
went to the door, listened. The utter si-
lence of honest sleep held the rest of the
house. He returned to where Betty stood
waiting, watching him coldly with an
air of dissociation.

  “This way,” said Welstead. “Out
through the terrace.”

  They passed out into the moonless
night of Haven and the only sound was
the glassy tinkle of the little stream that
ran in its natural bed through the ter-
race.

  Welstead took Betty’s hand. “Easy
now, don’t walk into that bamboo.” He
clutched and they froze to a halt.
Through a window had come a sound—
a gasp-^and then the relieved mutter a
person makes on waking from a bad
dream.

  Slowly, like glass melting under heat,
the two came to life, stole across the
terrace, out upon the turf beside the
house. They circled the vegetable gar-
den and the loom of the car bulked be-
fore them.

  “Get in,” whispered Welstead. “I’ll
push till we’re down around the bend.”
Betty climbed into the seat and her
foot scraped against the metal. Wel-
stead stiffened, listened, pierced the
darkness like an eagle. Quiet from the

house, the quiet of relaxation, of trust.
... He pushed at the car and it floated
easily across the ground, resisting his
hand only through inertia.

  It jerked to a sudden halt. And Wel-
stead froze in his tracks again. A bur-
glar alarm of some sort. No, there were
no thieves on Haven—except two re-
cently-landed people from Earth. A
trap?

  “The anchor,” whispered Betty.

  Of course—Welstead almost groaned
with relief. Every car had an anchor tc
prevent the wind from blowing it away*
He found it, hooked it into place on the
car’s frame and now the car floated
without hindrance down the leafy tun-
nel that was Clay’s driveway. Around
a bend he ran to the door, jumped in,
pressed his foot on the power pedal, and
the car slid away with the easy grace of
a canoe. Out on the main road he
switched on the lights and they rushed
off through the night.

  “And we still use wheels on Earth,”
said Welstead. “If we only had a tenth
of the guts these people have—”

  Cars passed them from the other di-
rection. The lights glowed briefly into
their faces and they cringed low behind
the windscreen.

  They came to the park where their
ship lay. “If anyone stops us,” Welstead
said in Betty’s ear, “we’ve just driven
down to get some personal effects. After
all we’re not prisoners.”

  But he circled the ship warily before
stopping beside it and then he waited a
few seconds, straining his eyes through
the darkness. But there was no sound,
no light, no sign of any guard or human
presence.

  Welstead jumped from the car. “Fast
now. Run over, climb inside. I’ll be right
behind you.”

  They dashed through the dark, up
the rungs welded to the hull, and the cold
steel felt like a caress to Welstead’s hot
hands. Into the cabin he thudded the
port shut, slammed home the dogs.

  Welstead vaulted to the controls, pow-
ered the reactors. Dangerous business—
but once clear of the atmosphere they
could take time to let them warm prop-
erly. The ship rose, the darkness and
lights of Mytilene fell below. Welstead
sighed, suddenly tired, but warm and
relaxed.

  Up, up—and the planet became a ball,
and Eridanus two thousand nine hun-
dred and thirty-two peered around the
edge and suddenly, without any notice-
able sense of boundary passed, they were
out in space.

  Welstead sighed. “Lord, what a relief!
I never knew how good empty space
could look.”

  “It looks beautiful to me also,” said
Alexander Clay. “I’ve never seen it be-
fore.”

  Welstead whirled, jumped to his feet.

CLAY came forward from the reac-
tion chamber, watching with a pe-
culiar expression Welstead took to be
deadly fury. Betty stood by the bulkhead,
looking from one to the other, her face
blank as a mirror.

  Welstead came slowly down from the
controls. “Well—you’ve caught us in
the act. I suppose you think we’re treat-
ing you pretty rough. Maybe we are.
But my conscience is clear. And we’re
not going back. Looks like you asked for
a ride, and you’re going to get one. If
necessary—” He paused meaningfully.

  Then, “How’d you get aboard?” and
after an instant of narrow-eyed specula-
tion, “And why ? Why tonight?”

  Clay shook his head slowly. “Ralph—
you don’t give us any credit for ordinary
intelligence, let alone ordinary courage.”
“What do you mean?”

  “I mean that I understand your mo-
tives—and I admire you for them. Al-
though I think you’ve been bull-headed
putting them into action without dis-
cussing it with the people most directly
concerned.”

  Welstead lowered his head, stared
with hard eyes. “It’s basically my re-
sponsibility. I don’t like it but I’m not
afraid of it.”

  “It does you credit,” said Clay mildly.
“On Haven we’re used to sharing re-
sponsibility. Not diluting it, you under-

How to buy
    better work clothes

  Get long wear from the tough materials and
  rugged sewing that go into Blue Bell work
  clothes. Blue Bell dungarees are cut full so
  they don’t bind. They’re Sanforized, and
  keep their roomy, comfortable fit as long as
  you wear them. Reinforced with no-scratch
  copper rivets. Plenty of pockets.

    Blue Bell Sanforized chambray shirts are
  cut to body contour for comfort, and topped
  by a dress-type collar for good looks. For out-
  standing value in all kinds of work clothes,
  look for the Blue Bell Qualitag, which
  guarantees you the best made, best fitting work
  clothes you can buy—or your money back!

  ■LUI BELL, Inc., 93 Worth St., New York 13

  WORLD'S LARGEST PRODUCER OF WORK CLOTHES

133
stand, but putting a dozen—a hundred
—a thousand minds on a problem that
might be too much for one. You don’t
appreciate us, Ralph. You think we’re

** “No,” said Welstead. “Not exactly—”
"Our civilization is built on adaptabil-
ity, on growth, on flexibility,” continued
Clay. "We—”

  “You don’t understand just what
you’d have to adapt to,” said Welstead
harshly. “It’s nothing nice. It’s graft,
scheming sharp-shooters, tourists by the
million, who’ll leave your planet the way
a platoon of invading soldiers leaves the
first pretty girl they find.”

  “There’ll be problems,” said Clay. His
voice took on power. “But that’s what
we want, Ralph—problems. We’re hun-
gry for them, for the problems of ordi-
nary human existence. We want to get
back into the stream of life. And if it
means grunting and sweating we want
it. We’re flesh and blood, just like you
are.

  “We don’t want Nirvana—we want to
test our strength. We want to fight along
with the rest of decent humanity. Don’t
you fight what you think is unjust?”
Welstead slowly shook his head. “Not
any more. It’s too big for me. I tried
when I was young, then I gave up. May-
be that’s why Betty and I roam around
the outer edges.”

  “No,” said Betty. “That’s not it at all,
Ralph, and you know it. You explore
because you like exploring. You like the
rough and tumble of human contact just
as much as anyone else.”

  “Rough and tumble,” said Clay, savor-
ing the words. “That’s what we need on
Haven. They had it in the old days. They
gave themselves to it, beating the new
world into submission. It’s ours now.
Another hundred years of nowhere to
go and we’d be drugged, lethargic, deca-
dent.”

  Welstead was silent.

  “The thing to remember, Ralph,” said

Clay, “is that we’re part of humanity.
If there’s good going, fine. But if there
are problems we want to help lick them.
You said you’d given up because it was
too big for you. Do you think it would be
too big for a whole planet? Three hun-
dred million hard honest brains?”
Welstead stared, his imagination kin-
dled. “I don’t see how—”

  Clay smiled. “I don’t either. It’s a
problem for three hundred million
minds. Thinking about it that way it
doesn’t seem so big. If it takes three
hundred brains three days to figure out a
dodecahedron of quartz—”

  Welstead jerked, looked accusingly at
his wife. “Betty!”

  She shook her head. “Ralph, I told
Clay about our conversation, our argu-
ment. We discussed it all around, Ralph,
and I told him everything—and I told
him I’d give a signal whenever we start-
ed to leave. But I never mentioned space-
drive. If they discovered it they did it
by themselves.”

  Welstead turned slowly back to Clay.
"Discovered it? But—that’s impossi-
ble.”

  Said Clay, “Nothing’s impossible.
You yourself gave me the hint when
you told me human reason was useless
because the space-drive worked out of
a different environment. So we concen-
trated not on the drive itself but on the
environment. The first results came at
us in terms of twelve directions—hence
the dodecahedron. Just a hunch, an ex-
periment and it worked.”

  Welstead sighed. “I’m licked. I give
in. Clay, the headache is yours. You’ve
made it yours. What do you want to do?
Go back to Haven ?”

  Clay smiled, almost with affection.
“We’re this far. I’d like to see Earth.
For a month, incognito. Then we’ll come
back to Haven and make a report to the
world. And then there’s three hundred
million of us, waiting for the bell in
round one.”

NEXT ISSUE'S HEADLINERS
THE SEED FROM SPACE, A Novel by Fletcher Prott
LETTERS OF FIRE, • Short Novel by Mott Lee
BIRTHPLACE OF CREATION, a Captain Future Novelet by Edmond Hamilton

134
TWa backyard pud-
dW became a pirato
IM

Short Order

By SAM MERWIN, JR.

   Enoch Jones, the wanderer, had been about everywhere there
   was to go—but he had traveled always in the same spot!

IT was time to close up the dog-
wagon for the night. The hands of
the dirty-faced clock on the wall yawned
widely at five minutes of four. A cock-
roach moved slowly, tiredly, toward its
nocturnal crack at the base of the wall.
Molly, the stubby thick-bodied waitress,
had already hung up her apron and de-
parted for home—or wherever she

elected to unveil her sawed-off-shotgun
charms.

  Enoch Jones, the leathery bald-headed
short-order cook, cleaned with profes-
sional care the long thin-bladed knife
that was the chief instrument of his
sandwich-cutting trade. He placed it
carefully in its rack-slot above the back-
bar, then turned to regard with mel-

185
136	STARTLING STORIES

ancholy disinterest the two burly blue-
chinned Diesel truckmen who were the
sole remaining customers.

  “Closing up,” he told them, his hands
unfastening with the expertness of long
practise the strings of his own white
apron.

  “Okay, pop,” said one of them. His
voice too bore the fuzz of bone-deep
fatigue. “Just as soon as I get this
java down.”

  Enoch Jones nodded and made a few
half-hearted swipes at the top of the
service-bar with a towel that had seen
better days. Occasionally, at this time
of the morning, it seemed to him that he
had been going through this same
routine with this same pair of truck
drivers for at least a thousand years.

  He thought wryly that sixty-two
years could seem a lot longer than a
thousand if you were the guy that
lived them—always accepting the fact
that you could call this a life. He felt
his jaws crack in a yawn, made no
effort to conceal it.

  Outside a truck roared past without
stopping. Enoch Jones had already
turned off the bright red-and-yellow-
and-green sign that proclaimed the pres-
ence of Enoch’s Diner—Tables, Pizza,
Dancing. He thought of putting a slug
in the juke-box, decided against it. It
might cause the Diesel drivers to linger.

  Yes, sixty-two years could seem like a
thousand-plus, Enoch Jones decided.
Usually he didn’t allow himself to think
about it. He didn’t think about much of
anything any more—beyond the scant
mental requirements of facing every-
day existence.

  He had long since learned that
thought was the door-key to recollec-
tion—and recollection was the stairway
to the attic of dusty and discarded and
broken and outworn dreams. Dreams
were things—if you could call them
things—that Enoch Jones had long since
decided were responsible for most of
life’s miseries.

TT^NOCH JONES had had his share of
them—perhaps mora than his
share. His life, he thought when he al-

lowed himself to think along such lines,
had been dominated by dreams ever
since, at the age of five and a half, he
had first imagined the backyard puddle
that appeared with each February thaw
to be a pirate sea, peopled by d’Olineux,
Blackbeard, Captain Kidd—and paved
with pirate bullion.

  That particular dream, which invari-
ably found him striding a rocking quar-
ter-deck, cutlass in hand, defying muti-
neers and Spanish sea captains simul-
taneously, had not endured very long de-
spite its vividness and satisfaction. For
other dreams, each as vivid, each as
satisfying, had followed one another
with the years.

  For awhile, after the backyard pirate
sea dried up in the heat of early sum-
mer, Enoch Jones had been a cowboy
with cattle-rustling variations, riding
the wide loop and beating to the draw
lank lace-ruffled gamblers amid the
false-front dens of the Great Southwest.

  He had been, in turn, big league base-
ball hurler, fireman, soldier, Hollywood
star, football hero and—after a painful
pre-adolescent brush with the facts of
life—Wall Street financier. Each of
these dreams, while it endured, had filled
him utterly.

  Ultimately, of course, one king-sized
dream had come to erase the vigor of
all others, to dominate his life. It had
been born one Saturday afternoon in
the local movie house when his age had
barely reached double figures.

  The space-ship, resting upright in its
desert cradle, had been sleek, beautiful,
dangerous, suggestive of the ultimate
in unknown adventure. In blast-off it
had been incredibly beautiful and if, in
its journey through space to the Moon,
the stars looked like pinpricks in a black
velvet curtain, the ship itself had re-
mained as sleek and suggestive as ever
—especially in Technicolor.

  It had been only a Hollywood fantasy
—but with it Enoch Jones had soared
free of the increasing encroachments of
the dull commonplaces of living. From
then on he was a spaceman—even
though no scientist nor adventurer had
yet even to approach the long talked-of
SHORT

conquest of space.

 Enoch Jones, spaceman — Enoch
Jones, explorer of alien worlds—Enoch
Jones, perhaps, ruler of some strange
placet where no other human foot had
trod, no other human voice been heard.
This was the dream which, after the
fashion of dreams, had come to be Enoch
Jones—although perhaps it was the
other way around.

  This was the dream that refused to
fade or be superseded in his imagina-
tion. In fact, the older he grew the more
it came to occupy his thoughts asleep as
well as awake. Gradually it began more
and more to shape—or as his parents
had implied—to infect his life.

  Enoch Jones was not blessed in any
wordly degree. His father was not rich
—quite otherwise. Since there were half
a dozen children and he was the second
oldest he had to go to work early. He
drifted from job to job, never able to
rise in such careers as offered because
his dream of space prevented sustained
effort.

  So he became a short-order cook. He
knew he would never get rich behind a
counter-bar—but he could do the work
satisfactorily by rote once he had mas-
tered its intricacies. More important, if
man reached the planets in his lifetime,
someone would have to cook for them
there as well as on Earth.

  Perhaps his logic was odd but it satis-
fied him. He even began to pile up a
sizable amount of money in the bank out
of his modest earnings. For if his dream
prevented his rise in the world it also
prevented his forming any of the usual
ties, assuming any of the usual responsi-
bilities that eat up a man’s savings.

  Marriage was not for him and the
girls seemed to sense it. He did not
starve for women since his desires were
channeled otherwise and always some
female around would find his self-pre-
occupation a challenge. He did all right
that way. No Miss Americas, perhaps,
but then how many men did win beauty
prizewinners?

  “What’s more,” he used to say occa-
sionally over a glass of whiskey with a
beer chaser, “how many of them that

ORDER	187

gets them like it after they’re stuck with
them?”

  There was no answer to that one.

  Enoch Jones got around a lot too.
When he got tired of a job or the season
turned sour he’d have his savings con-
verted to Traveler’s Checks and take off
for a balmier clime. He knew his busi-
ness and could get a job almost any-
where at any time. This, of course, was
a planned factor in fulfillment of his
dream.

  He didn’t care much for the cities. He
liked to work the places between towns,
the little demi-communities that have a
way of springing up along the great
highways alongside the filling and serv-
ice stations, the places where the long-
distance commercial drivers stop for re-
fuelling of gas tanks as well as the in-
ner man.

  Yes, Enoch Jones got around. It was
only after he had lost most of his hair
and had his upper teeth replaced by a
dental plate that the extent of his be-
trayal began to dawn on him. And by
that time it was too late to do much
about it.

ONE night, much like this one, when
he stepped outside after closing up
and looked up and down the highway,
he had an odd impression that he was
just a kid on his first job, working a few
miles from the small dark-white home-
stead—the place with the spring pud-
dle in the backyard from which his first
dream had sprung.

  “What’s eatin’ you, lover?” Birdie,
the dark-roots blonde who had shared
quarters with him in a shack behind
the garage down the highway asked.
“You look like you swallowed a herring
bone.”

  “I’m okay,” Enoch Jones replied.
“I’m okay. Just thought of something.
Come on, I got a quart of rye stashed
at the house.”

  He had figured the whiskey would kill
the thought that had troubled him. But
it hadn’t—and a few days later he had
moved on to try somewhere else. He
hadn’t wanted to face it. But ultimately
he had had to.
138	STARTLING STORIES

  All the places he had been—and each
one of them looked and sounded and
smelt and tasted just like the rest. He
had worked Miami, winter playground
of the continent—and all he had seen
of it were neon signs and gas stations
and the inside of the dogwagon.

  All he had heard was the rumble of
truck drivers’ slow chatter and the roar
of their trucks as they rolled by on the
concrete outside. All he had smelt was
fuel and food odors—all he had tasted
was dogwagon food and not-too-mellow
whiskey and too-sweet lipstick.

  It had been the same outside Seattle,
on Route 66, near Greenwich, Connecti-
cut, on the Montreal-Quebec Highway
and on the main drag beyond Phoenix,
Arizona. He had been places, yes—about
as many as a man had a right to get—
but he might as well have seen, have
been in only one.

  Enoch Jones had begun to show his
age once this thought attained the
reaches of his conscious mind. He knew
he had lost it, lost whatever it was that
kept him going so long. There were no
more Birdies for him—the Mollys, being
women, knew he had lost it with no ques-
tions asked. Yet he hadn’t been able to
stop. The habits acquired in a lifetime
held him chained to knife and apron.

  He looked at the dirty-faced clock on
the wall, saw that it was now one minute
of four. “Come on, fellows,” he said to
the two truck drivers. “I need some
shut-eye.”

  “Okay, pop.” The one who had first
spoken yawned widely, nudged the shin
of his companion with his heavy boot.
“We got to be goin’ ourselves. See you
next trip, old timer.”

  “So long, pop—give that Molly a
smooch for me.” The other driver, grin-
ning, was on his feet. They brought
their cups over to the bar-counter to
save him an extra trip. They were good
boys, Enoch Jones thought. They
clumped on out into the night, buttoning
their heavy felt coveralls and pulling on
their thick boots. A blast of nostril-
stinging air accompanied their exit.

  Enoch Jones turned off all but the
night light and got into his own heavy

outer garments. It was cold enough out-
side to freeze the tail off a brass ele-
phant and he was too old to enjoy it,
especially when he was bone tired. The
hundred and fifty yards to the two
rooms he had in back of the filling sta-
tion seemed like miles.

  He set the lock on the door and
slammed it behind him and paused out-
side, nerving himself for the walk to
his waiting bed. The roar of a Diesel
motor, catching with difficulty in the
cold of the night, made him jump. He
lifted an arm in salute as his two re-
cent customers rolled past, sodium head-
lights slicing the darkness in eerie
death-yellow trim streamers.

  He looked around him before begin-
ning his walk to shelter. Most of the
bright neon signs were darkened for
the remainder of the night. But Hogan,
who ran the roadhouse—by courtesy
only—this side of the filling station, still
had his signs glowing. And the big bill-
boards lined the highway spottily, ad-
vertising their various products, from
digestion aids to cold cures to tires to
hotels.

  It was cold but there was no snow—
there never was in this crazy climate.
Enoch Jones was grateful for that.
Snow would have made his walk that
much the harder. He began to slog off,
past Hogan’s to the filling station and
bed, reflecting on the foolishness to
which a man’s dreams could drive him.

  He kept his head down—for even here
on Mars he was sick of the fading rib-
bons that were highways in the night,
sick of neon signs and dogwagons and
roadhouses and filling stations and two-
room shacks in which he no longer could
live alone from choice.

  “I never got anywhere after all,” he
muttered as the cold made his nostrils
stiff and a gust of wind all but stopped
him in his tracks. “Not anywhere at all
in spite of all my travels.”

  He didn’t even look up at the twin
moons above him—for at best Deimos
and Phobos were dull and tiny satellites
and in the bright glare of electricity,
neon tubing and sodium lamps they were
scarcely visible at all.
THE ETHER VIBRATES

(Continued, from Page 6)

eliminating the strong and allowing the
weak to live on.

  Perhaps the dodo was lucky to last as
long as it did, thanks to its eonlong isola-
tion from destructive forces in Tasmania.
But the chihuahua and the pekinese have
maintained themselves through adapta-
bility—in both instances through coopera-
tion with man, a dominant species. And the
wolf, a far better equipped canine species,
has been driven to the Northland wastes
by his refusal thus to cooperate.

  To date humanity has not had to adjust
to a symbiotic or other relationship with
a better-equipped species—but he is having
the devil’s own time adjusting to himself
in any reasonable sort of relationship at
all. Fortunately not all of our basic urges
seem to be competitive and therefore de-
structive.

Examples of Sacrifice

  History contains far more examples of
sacrifice, from Damon and Pythias to
Father Damien, than it does of ruthless
exploitation in the name of security for
the individual. Our species has survived
such human scourges at Atilla, Alexander,
Genghis Khan, Napoleon and Adolph Hitler
only through this fundamental desire to
live in peace with itself.

  Further proof of the greater inherent
strength of those who give rather than those
who take—apart from the cataclysms of
war and nature—id quickly evident to any-
one who takes the trouble to make a survey
of the obituary columns of his local news-
paper. Granted, only notables of more or
less degree get the write-ups. But notables
(whatever they are) can supply us with
convincing proof as readily as greater
masses of the more obscure.

  Day by day, week by week, we find obits
written anent the pasing of driving indi-
viduals who have forced and forged their
way to the top in the competitive world of
business. Over a period of one month we
discovered the average age of these hard-
hitting Aggressors, at their passing, to be
just a ■shade under fifty years.

  Across the same period we noted and
listed the professors, artists, physicians
and other folk who had attained distinction
in ways that were directly beneficial to the
communities in which they lived. They

lived on an average some sixteen years
longer than their ulcer-building rivals.
And the work they did represents some-
thing a lot more solid if, perhaps, less
tangible than whatever shares of A.T.&T.
common the competitors left in their pri-
vate vaults.

  To be personally aggressive a man must
live in a world enclosed by the radius of his
own wants, ambitions and personality. If
he be generous such generosity can only
spring from the need of his ego to be ad-
mired. He is very much a man in prison—
and prison restrictions have never fostered
survival.

Living for a Purpose

  It is our well-founded hunch that sur-
vival for its own sake is not survival at
all but is rather the road to quick de-
struction. It is not, actually, even a basic
human instinct save in situations of phys-
ical duress (and even here the records of
our saints and war heroes prove otherwise)
—not, that is, if we are to consider man a
reasoning being. It seems more closely
allied to the popular concept of the pig,
another much-maligned animal.

  Nor is such aggressive egoism funda-
mentally evil—for evil implies deliberate
attempt to harm others and the urge to
preserve self at all costs is merely a form
of panic. It is rather a negation of the
whole purpose and history of humanity.
Worse, it is ultimately as suicidal as any-
thing the lemmings have shown our ob-
servers in their supposedly mad mass race
for the North Sea.

  If we are to survive at all in this more or
less hapless age we must seek to live for
some purpose outside of ourselves. This,
it seems to us, is our only remaining hope.
We may not be the ‘‘fittest” if we do—but
at least we shall be the survivors.

THE reader contributions seem to ua
unusually live and controversial this
month. What with the windup of our own
personal race (racist?) controversy and
sundry other matters, the weeding out
process has not been easy. In fact the de-
partment threatens to run to greater length
than we intended. So let’s get to it with—

SUGGESTION
by L. Lockhart Layton

  Dear Ed: I would like to make a request. In
spite of your reluctance toward printing facts
in a magazine dedicated to fiction I think it is
an excellent idea. Many scientific facts and
theories at first glance appear to be much
stranger than fiction and are often more enter-
taining to one who enjoys a bit of mental ex-
ercise. I would like to see a department in your
mag dedicated to strange and little-known
facts of science . . . scientific puzzles, para-
doxes, and mysteries. It seems obvious that
there are many important bits of information
lying unused because they have not been called
to the attention of the right person.

  Of course I am not suggesting that you start
an inventors’ clinic. I’m just trying to point
out that such a department would have great
possibilities. I would like to issue a challenge
to other readers. Send in any unusual bits of
information you may possess and let’s see if
we can make something of it. It may be some-
thing that is considered detrimental to some
process or it may be something that is con-
sidered absolutely useless. Whatever it is let’s
talk it over and see if we can turn it to some
advantage. How about some letters?

  I am personally interested in electricity, mag-
netism and gravity. There are a lot of ques-
tions to be answered about those subjects. Any-
way they tell me that is how science progresses
—by asking questions and searching: for an-
swers. Any one can do it. You don’t need a de-
gree or an expensive laboratory, just a normal
amount of curiosity and ambition.—1101 Har-
wood, Street, Vancouver, British Columbia.

  We may be asking for it, L. Lockhart,
but we like your idea—that is, of course,
if it appeals to sufficient number of readers
to get action. A department devoted to
questions and answers of scientific and
scientifictional interest has possibilities.

  Furthermore, we believe it should be up
to the readers to answer the questions sent
in and published. Therefore, for the first
couple of issues, if such contributions
appear, we will run them in a questionbox.
Then, when, as and if we get answers, we
will re-run the earlier questions and the
best explanations as well as a new set of
questions per issue. This should keep every-
one up to date as well as scratching for
new answers.

  Now all we need is a title. Let’s see—how
about SS READER QUIZ? That ought to
do it. You want to know what rhodomag-
netics are, how to peel a tesseract without
a knife, why is a parscc? Send us your
question on a separate piece of paper
(include your answer too if you have one)
and we’ll run it and let the rest of the
interested readers do their worst. Thanks

for the idea, L. Lockhart. Let’s hope w«
can get something under way.

GET ANOTHER MAN
by Edwin James

  Dear Mr. Editor: An author can stand a
great many things, but there is always a stick-
ing point. Dorothy Parker recites a list of in-
sults which would not move her, then adds:

“But say my verses do not scan,

And I get me another man!”

  Mr. Robert Marlow, who writes in your No-
vember, 1960, issue, should not have said that
my story "Communications’’ (Sept., 1949) was
illogical, although he was perfectly within his
rights as reader and critic to find it “uninter-
esting.” The latter adjective is subjective in
application but the former is capable of proof
or disproof.

  Mr. Marlow quotes so admirably in support
of his contention that physical transfer of mes-
sages on ships traveling faster than light would
be faster than radio-waves, since electromag-
netic waves are restricted to the speed of light,
he might well have quoted yet another passage
a little farther on in the story:

  “. . . Each signal is given a surcharge of
  energy from the same engines which send
  this ship into hyper-flight. Since the differ-
  ence in mass is enormous, the speed of the
  signal is incalculable and the transmission
  time can be measured in seconds.” (p. 110)

  This, of course, has the support of no liv-
ing scientific authority, but one would . uppose
that the speed of light limit is no more restrict-
ing on electromagnetic waves than on matter.
The theory has, in addition, the elementary
logic that a given force will propel a lighter
object faster than a heavier one.

  My only interest in this aspect of the story,
of course, was in providing a suitable and
logical background for my consideration of
the future of cryptography and its place of
eminence in a war between two interstellar foes
of equal power.—1620 Massachusetts Street,
Lawrence, Kansas.

 Cheer up, Edwin, we liked COMMUNI-
CATIONS too or we would never have
purchased and published it. And it seems
to us we rallied round to its defense back
in the November SS very much along the
lines you suggest above. Here’s luck with
your M.A. degree (we’d like to see the
thesis) and hoping for reams of redhot
copy in the months and years to come.

LEY OF THE LAST MARLOW
by James K. Powell

  Dear Editor: One of life’s little problems
turns up again, a problem that always leaves
me with a feeling of disappointment. Muddled
thinking. Robert Marlow (N de P?) has in-
dulged in it a bit in his letter published in the
November issue of SS. When Mr. Ley replies,
if he condescends to, either Mr. Marlow will
learn one small fact or he will blow the now-
famous lid.
  Mr. Ley, I am happy to say, was not con-
fused. If my Handbook of Chemistry and Phys-
ics is not confused also on this point the sur-
face acceleration of (jravity at Vancouver, Brit-
ish Columbia, elevation in meters; 6, is 980.753
g cm/sec/sec, approximately 32 feet/sec/sec.
By Mr. Marlow’s own definition, “One gravity
of acceleration is equal to a velocity gain of 32
ft/sec/sec. . . ."

  Were it not for this constant surface accel-
eration Robert Marlow (N de P) would be
floating free somewhere in space. So much for
your zero acceleration at the surface of our
world.

  I have learned to read the Letters first and
for this reason my letters to you cannot have
a rating of all the stories. In this issue even a
partial rating might be more informative than
none.

Novelets	Average

    Tough Old Man—L. Ron Hubbard... 5.26

  Short Stories

   Love My Robot—Rog Phillips....... 6.50

    Road Block—Rob’t Moore Williams.. 4.75
    Tall Tale—Mack Reynolds......... 3.00

  Ethergrams rated about .45 on the basis

  of 1.00 equals perfection.

  I rated these stories on a personal system,
don’t we all? I use four points in judging all
stories, ratin.? from 1 to 10 on the arbitrary
points of characterization, plot, development
and ending. The average is the rating, my own.
However the dialect in Tall Tale was above
average and I thought it only fair to say so.

  I wish to say that I have enjoyed SS for
several years, whenever I could find a copy.
The serious lack of stf south of Panama has
obliged me to catch up on my reading while
in the States and not spend my time writing
letters. I will close now as I have a great
amount of reading to catch up on.

  One last comment, an echo to your devastat-
ing aside to that stf-illiterate Rick Dykeman,
even I know a little about Isaac Asimov and
not entirely from the professorial angle.

  I will try to say hello personally the next
time I am in New York if it is at all possible.
The idea, new to me, that I might be admitted
to the sacred precmcts of the editorial offices
just never entered my head before you pointed
it out in the Nov. issue of SS. Thank you for
your great patience with just another of the
reader-fans, and his epistolary efforts.—Bor
No. 883, SRSC, Alpine, Texas.

  Thanks, James K., and we shall look for-
ward to receiving a visit from you here in
the foreseeable future. Poor Marlow—he
seems to be getting it from all sides. But
is he downhearted? Let him speak for
himself.

N DE P

by Robert Marlow

  Dear Ed: I still don’t agree with James on
fhe subject of his high speed radio. In science
fiction we have a medium known as space wave,
which is a super speeded-up form of radio.
This, however, is not radio and should not be
called such. Pass this information on to Edwin
James if you please.

  As for Willy Ley, I hope he answer* my let-

141

ter with all his fury, for I love to argue when
I have proof positive of my side of the “battle.”

  You probably have realized that (N. de P.)
is my own original contraction for the words
“nom de plume,” by now, but if you haven’t
connected that stupid manuscript that you re-
jected two months ago with me then I will let
you know that Robert Marlow is the nom de
plume for Robert W. Mckay. (That’s me.)

  Do you know that this last issue of yours is
very good. Your feature novel was so sound
in plot and so well written that I could hardly
believe that the story wasn’t written by A. E.
van Vogt or Robert A. Heinlein. The rest of the
material was good reading. I suppose it was to
be expected, for every one of your writers has
appeared before in a leading science fiction
magazine.

  Your editorial was quite interesting this
month. I am also glad to see the revisions you
have made in your fanzine dept. Now to get
down to discussing Ethergrams. I would like
to see more poetry in the column. (I use the
term loosely.)

  I think that Jack Vance is better at writing
stories other than his Magnus adventures.
Don’t you agree? You said that Honolulu is
more of a race melting pot than Los Angeles
in your answer to the letter by Bill Morse. I
am not an authority on either of these places
(I’m not an authority on anything, would be
more correct) but I have inside information
that the big airport in Newfoundland, Canada,
sees at least one man from almost every coun-
try, every day. They don’t live there but they
are there momentarily, same thing. (Almost.)

  I believe that this ridiculous controversy
over the Negro question should not be allowed
to go any further. Any human being in his (or
her) right mind that would stoop to throw in-
sults at another living human being because
of skin color should be downright ashamed of
himself (or herself).

  Who is the white man? If someone told me
I was a white man I would hurry to see my
doctor for I would certainly be ill. That is
the only time I am ever white and I am very
rarely ill so what more can I say. Albinoes
are white but they are rare. If Edwin Sigler
is referring to the light-skinned race I see no
reason why we should be proud. We (The light-
skinned) have accomplished most because we
have suppressed the other races and prevented
them from getting anywhere.

  Take a look at George Washington Carver.
He was a Negro, and one of the greatest or-
ganic scientists in the history of the United
States. In Canada, we have many Chinese and
Japanese people who put the average “light-
skinned person,” to shame when it comes to
ambition and accomplishment. You find very
few of these “Yellow Men and Women” who
end up on “Skid row.” Is it any wonder?

  Rick Dykeman wants to know about Isaac
Asimov, does he? Here’s what I know about the
chap. He has written many stories for many
of your (Better Publications) competitors. He
also is listed with Edmond Hamilton, L.
Sprague de Camp, Ray Cummings, Jack Wil-
liamson and others as among leading S. F.
authors at the NYCON. (Consult your NOR-
WESCON program.)

I say, my Friends, is Wonder Story Annual
printed in Canada? I haven’t seen it anywhere.

Sorry I couldn’t get down to see you all at
the Norwescon. I hope I can see you at NOLA-
CON.

  Now to poetry: Aha! A limarick.

  An artist named Bergey, so daring,

  Paints a woman who little is wearing,

  His aliens are green,

  But his fcm is a queen,

  So for Pete’s sake my friend, who is caring?

  1 like to see van Vogt in print,

  His stories have a charming tint,

  So print lots of them now
  For I love ’em, and how!

  Can’t you so-and-so’s please take a hint?

  Recently, in a leading magazine there was
a delightful story about the flying saucers from
Venus and how they utilized magnetic force
as a means of propulsion. I hoped that you
had read the article for it would truly let you
know that the flying saucer doesn’t belong to
the United States.—Invermere, British Colum-
bia.

  Okay, Robert, we are winding up the race
business this issue as promised. But you
have to bring up them saucers, to wit—

    No flying saucer have we seen
    In air so blue or sea so green
    But should we see one up above
    We’ll send it on its way with love.

  And, by way of returning to the limerick
form—

    Herr Marlow would like us to float
    An issue made up of van Vogt
    For Heinlein or Kuttner
    Or anyone subtler
    He will not fork over a groat.

  Which would seem to be about enough
of that. Sorry, Willy Ley has not poked his
heavy spectacles into the argument as yet.

NOTHING TO FOOL WITH
by L. L. Shepherd

  Dear Editor: This letter is motivated pri-
marily by two sentences in your fine thought-
ful editorial in the November issue. I consider
these few lines answer the ages-old question,
“Is there any true worth in reading science
fiction?” better than anything I have read on
the subject.

  I shall quote them: “. . . science fiction is
nothing for the ward-heeler type of mentality
to fool with and remain a competent corrupt
human instrument. It docs have a cathartic
effect upon the dogma-packed mind. . . .” And
that, as you say, is the finest thing that can
be said of it.

  The proof that this is true is exemplified in
the contents of the letters of Edwin Sigler and
Dorothy Brown-Nalls, in this issue. It is a
basic human trait to defend most ardently
those things we want to believe, yet about
which we have many doubts. The fact of hav-
ing doubts must be preceded by glimmerings
of “wider” thinking. Intelligent sustained
thinking is the nemesis of all dogma.

  It is clear that Sigler hasn’t been reading
science fiction—nor been forced to think widely
—for very long a time. His letter shows he is
well versed in certain dogmas. To my way of
thinking dogmatic beliefs are only a polite
name for prejudices that have nothing to do
with the color of one’s skin.

  His statement, “our culture was built by
the white man,” is not correct. It is much more
correct to state that white men conceived, in
the Constitution of the United States, in this
nation a method for collecting, improving and
co-relating the knowledge of all the races of
the world into a usable form that would not.
as long as it was strictly abided by, become
the tail that wagged the dog as all other forms
of government had done from time immemori-
able.

  Under it all men, in this nation alone,
achieved a freedom never before known to man
by the elimination of dogmas . . . and their
result, .prejudice, from influence in their gov-
ernment. He was correct to some extent in his
reference to “aliens.” However, it would have
been nearer right to have said, the “alien-
minded” have made remarkable progress in de-
stroying these things through their ignorant
dogmatic teachings that have led to prejudice.

  Dorothy states her case very well. However,
she neglects to mention the one thing that 1
have felt is the answer to the Negro’s com-
plaint of “lack of opportunity.” Exponents of
the Negro’s cause would do well to drum on
these facts as well as their current “pet
themes.” The lot of the northern Negro is far
superior to that of the average “poor-white” in
the South. The lot of the downtrodden Negro
of the South is far superior to that of the
average “poor-white” or native in most for-
eign nations . . . !

  In addition the Negro has progressed from
slavery to comparative freedom in less than
one hundred years in this nation. The envied
white man, that is so guilty of prejudice
against the Negro, has only been able to achieve
“opportunity and freedom” for himself, in the
being of the “average man,” in the last three
hundred years—and then only in the U. S. A.!
Else, why should there have been and still be,
the huge influx of immigrants?

  It couldn’t have been the “wilderness” that
made it the “land of opportunity.” A compar-
able “wilderness” lies mostly unsettled in the
continent to the south of us. The modern con-
veniences of our present culture, and the in-
ducements offered by the governments that rule
those lands, are far superior to those available
during the first two hundred years to immi-
grants to this nation.

  Therefore one can only conclude that the
dogmas and their resultant prejudice that are
strictly in control of the established govern-
ments of these lands, make them undesirable,
even to the “alien-minded” that are so busy in
this nation. And, that if the Constitution of
the United States was in effect there as it is
here, the modern-day wagon trains would be
rolling South as they did to the West.

  I doubt if the Editor will print this. How-
ever, if he does I wish to add this thought—
I have become more tolerant with age. How-
ever, there is an old saying, “A man changes
his face often but he seldom changes his heart.”
Therefore, I find my feelings are not always
what I would like them to be. The effort is
having its effect—at least in my part of the
world. The white kids of today, and the “dif-
ferent” ones too, are much more tolerant than
they were even twenty-odd-years ago when I
was in school.

  I'll conclude this letter with a plea ... let
us all read the wide clear there-are-greater-
things-than-man type of reading such as one
finds in science fiction—that causes the .. ca-
thartic effect upon dogma-packed minds . . . !"
And, remember, although it is not perfect, as
are not the parents of today ... it is con-
tagious to others, as demonstrated by the tol-
erance of the kids of today.—Post Office Box
No. 193, Litckfield, Illinois.

  A letter whose honesty almost hurts,
Mr. Shepheard—and thanks incidentally
for the small nod to our editorial. If we
have helped in any way, directly or indi-
rectly, to widen your heart we are grateful.
But somehow we suspect that it needs
little widening. We hope your plea finds
wide response among our other readers.

NORTH CAROLINA LETTER
by M. C. Taylor

  Dear Editor: I agree with you that the racial
issue doesn’t belong in an STF magazine. Nor
do I think it belongs in Congress. It belongs
to the people. What -they do with it is a dif-
ferent matter.

  I was bom in the South and raised in the
South rand I'm darned tired of people talking
as if-the South was a foreign country. It seems
to me that people could remember that the
“War” Is long over. All you can hear now is
“the racial situation." I’m sick of it. I wish
they would forget the “Itace” part of it and
dwell <on the actual situations.

  It ‘isp?* just the Negroes that have fared
badly. They simply have the largest popula-
tion. What about the Indians? What about all
the jest of the supposedly inferior races?

  I’ve seen good for nothing Negroes, Indians,
Chinese and what have you. But, Mr. Editor,
I’ve seen some of the most good for nothing
whites too. Okay so what! Well here’s what.
During the last war there iyere Indian heroes,
Negro heroes etc. Ralph Bunche is certainly
not .a man to be ashamed of. Bravery, commo.n-
sense and just plain decency know no color
line, nor do shiftlessness, laziness and outright
meanness. Bigots, fanatics, heroes and plain
damn fools come in all colors, shapes andi ages.

  I’m white and x>f course I’m proud of it, but
not far down the road lives a man just as
hlack ifis the inside of a coal bin and he’s no
lesgjprovd of it. Why shouldn’t he be pypud?
Why .shouldn't I? We were both torn that W^y.

  If every person would let «very othe? perspn
stand x>n his own end not on his ancestors or
church *>r color or.HvJiat fiave you, my what', a
ake world y/e would haye !

  I think I would like tftfcnpw Dorothy ^rown-
Nalls. She eounds like a real person. My best
wishes toiler.

  As for Edwin ,£>igler—all I can say is a great
big NUTS. It’s people like him that ruin this
world with their -narrowmindedness. I would
not like «iy children to marry into another
F»ee, bo. Bat not hec&uac of the color or x*ce

but because the people like Mr. Sigler would
make their lives a miserable existence.

  Because in a society filled with such people
there would be no room for their children.
Perhaps some day there will be tolerance, (I
don’t like that word, it speaks of condescen-
sion) let me say understanding, in the world.
Until then I say forget the race or Negro issue
and remember the HUMAN SITUATION.

  Equality be darned, let’s be friends. Until
there is true friendship between the people no
law can force equality.

  Well I’ve got that off my mind and I’m glad.
I’ll keep on reading your mag and I’m not
asking what color are your authors either. Just
keep the good stories coming.—P.O. Box SI,
Arapahoe, North Carolina.

  Another large ladleful of honesty and
from-the-heart speaking, Mr. Taylor. You
echo our own feelings in this highly im-
portant and highly delicate matter—even
to dislike of the word “tolerance,” which
to us has always implied the act of enduring
while loathing. Agreed—you can’t make
people’s behavior improve by any sort of
sumptuary legislation. Prohibition proved
that obvious truth for the millionth time at
vast communal expense. Education to ac-
ceptance without distaste of the fact and
foibles of others is the only answer. And
we have a hell of a long way to go along
that road, bub.

ANTHROPOLOGY SPEAKS
by Phillip Barker

  Dear sir: As a fourth-year student in an-
thropology here at the University of Washing-
ton, may I insert a few comments into this
race discussion? Mr. Sigler’s remarks have
raised such a turmoil in scienco-fiction that we
hear reverberations clear out here in Wash-
ington. Actually Mr. Sigler’3 statements have
nothing to do with fiction—and certainly less
to do with science.

  However, Mr. Sigler supports scientific
achievement—“the race that dares to dream of
the stars." If so, then he will be interested in
several scientific books, written by men who
have made a life-long study of race and cul-
ture. May I refer him to Boas, “The Mind of
Primitive Man”; Kroeber, “Race Differences’’;
and to “The Fallacy of Race” (I cannot recall
the author.)

  The substance of these books is as follows:
(1) There is no race but the human race. (2)
National boundaries and linguistic boundaries
are not racial boundaries. (3) Differences be-
tween races are based solely upon different en-
vironments and different adaptations of this
very versatile human animal. (Just think, Mr.
Sigler, if your ancestors had gone south instead
of north way back in the Pleistocene, you
wpuld have probably been as dark-skinned as
the people you claim to despise!) (4) A person
from another racial group, brought up with-
out prejudice in our western environment will
be a person of western culture, entirely, com-
pletely. (5) The “stupidity” and “laziness” of
the American Negro is not due to. race but is
due to the low class he is kept in by the forces
of prejudice and hatred! (6) A Negro (or a
Chinese or an Australian bushman) can rise to
the same intellectual heights as any white per-
son (on the average) if his environment and
background is the same as that of the white
members of the community. This is amply

firoven by the Brazilian race mixing-pot, which
acks race-prejudice and gives the same op-
portunities to both Negroes and whites.

  Now then, you make mention of interracial
marriage. From all scientific findings, sir, the
only taint or stigma upon children born of two
races is the taint placed upon them by
prejudiced individuals in our culture!

  You neglect the obvious factor of cultural
drive differences. These have nothing to do with
race. They are simply the peculiar drive or
direction in which one culture chooses to excel.

  Right now we are involved in a mechanical-
scientific cultural drive ever increasing our
knowledge concerning machines and natural
laws. But five hundred years ago a mechanic
was one who dabbled in magic and the-drive of
those days was religion, religion, religion.

  Each culture has its rise, its heights, its
decline, and its fall, and each one excels in
different things. These are not due to race. At
one time, for example, the Chinese were the
recognized scientific masters of the world. At
another time the Arab world held the scientific
reins. Before them were the Greeks, before
them the Egyptians. At one time the purely
Negro culture of Benin held prominence in the
science of metal working.

  Cultural drives change regardless of race
or religion. Can’t you see, sir, that our modern
culture is just an outgrowth of the drive for
understanding of natural laws, which started
long ago in pre-Egyptian times and has been
handed on from culture to culture, from race
to race, like Prometheus’ fire? Who knows
where it will go next? Perhaps, as L. Sprague
de Camp has theorized, it Will go to Brazil. I
would offer India as a possibility.

  I am sorry to have thus taken up the editor’s
time, but as a magazine which deals with
science, I feel that a little anthropology is not
at all out of place. Now I should like to rate
the stories.

  “The Five Gold Bands”—Superb! Vance is
excellent. “Tough Old Man”—a long way below
the above but still pretty good. "Road Block”
—pretty good writing and plot. “Love My
Robot”—entertaining. “Pardon My Iron
Neryes”—-no comment. Hamilton, how could
you? "Tall Tale”—stick this in a separate
category. Mack Reynolds is a new writer and
ought not to be forced to compete against the
old masters. I enjoyed the story and want to
see more of him but of course he has a pretty
tough line-up to run against.—,620 South
Stevens Street, Tacoma 6, Washington.

  A nice hot letter with points well taken
if a trifle diffuse in spots. And the stuff
about ancient cultural drives especially in-
triguing. Makes us wonder about those
immense and ornate South African ruins,
built by heaven-knows-who, and the vast
black basalt water-city of Ponape, whose
creators have yet to be assigned by arche-
ology. Maybe one of them was white but
we doubt it.

THE A-RUT
by Es & Les Cole

  Dear Snark: You old shrewdy, you! Putting
the Sigler letter into print. You knew durn
well that it would send up the blood pressures
of thousands of people all over the country.
Do you realize what it has done to us? It is
going to elicit from us an answer—really a
futile thing.

  We’ve indulged in these unproductive dis-
cussions before; God knows how many times.
We’ve heard all the arguments, and we’ve
probably heard all the answers; we attended
Cal, where if all the ideas on religion, politics
and sex have not been expressed, it’s only be-
cause they are dead. The discussions are un-
productive because the Gibsons can only nod
agreement while the Siglers you couldn’t touch
with a ten-foot pole. (You couldn’t even touch
’em with the eleven-foot pole constructed for
people you couldn’t touch with a ten-footer.)
The Siglers remain secure in their Aristotelian
rut. We’ve never yet heard of one being con-
verted . .. and we doubt if one could be.

  What Sigler needs is a course in basic nex-
ialism, say Nexialism 2AB: the whole-ism of
the interrelationship of human cultures. We
find it an item of regret that another human
being is incapable of appreciating the art,
music, mores and food (though possibly not in-
cluding Calameres) of other groups of the spe-
cies.

  But to the meat: why do these people always
make a religious pilgrimage out of the argu-
ment? Inasmuch as we haven’t had a private
discussion with the “Living God” lately, we
feel singularly unqualified to comment on what
ideas are expressed in religious dogma. This
business of throwing “Hims” and “His” and
“holy” (words, we might add, with a purely
emotional subjective meaning) into the argu-
ment might help to convince a religious person;
there is no sense in pointing out how the other
side feels about it, especially those interested
in general semantics!

  Skipping, however, the controversial-unprov-
able material, we ask what in the name of the
Living God is a white man? Sigler has him
building our culture, and we would be quite
interested in knowing who he is. Who are the
aliens who are tearing it down? These ques-
tions are very important to us; we have to
know at whom to direct our righteous anger.
The last we heard the evil hordes directed from
Moscow were tearing dowij our culture, but
we slept late last night and there may have
been a significant change.

  It fascinates us, our culture. We are certain-
ly glad to know it was built by the “white
man.” We always thought it had its roots in
Egypt, China, the Near East and the Medi-
terranean basin. We’d always considered its
origins in Greek politics, Roman culture and
conquest, Spanish and Portuguese exploration
and lately English imperialism. Wefre certainly
glad to know that a large portion of American
folk music is white, including such material.as
“Casey Jones”, “Oh, Dem Golden Slippers”,
"Swing Low, Swet Chariot” etc.

  Or perhaps Mr. Sigler refers to our pe-
culiarly American form of “materialism”. We
refuse to comment on that; we’ll let a better
man do it for us. See Phil Wylie, practically
anything of social significance he has written.
  There were rosay tests made to determine
whether there is a basic difference in “intelli-
gence” between “Negro” and “white”. While
we won’t bore you with details—Sigler can find
the scoop in any elementary psych, text if he
is able to read—the results, of course, were
negative.

  Tsk, tsk, kiddo, you put one of your pedal
extremities in it again. Picking on poor Muriel
Baxter that-a-way. May we quote? “. . . be-
fox-e we got under way. Quell chore!” (Page
153) That one drove us to the small dictionary
with the following results—quell, . . . ,

V.	I. t. 1. To cause to cease or yield by force;
put down; subdue.

  2. To cause to subside; calm; mollify; quiet;
allay, as pain. 3. To kill.

II.	i. 1. To yield; subside. 2. To die.

  “Quell”, old dear, is from the Anglo-Saxon
“cwellan”, die. As if you didn’t know! We just
wish we had a big dictionary too. But there
is more—

  quell, n. 1. (Poet, or Obs.) A weapon or
other means of subduing or quelling; power to
subdue. 2. Murder.

  That last is a most fitting climax to the dis-
cussion, but so help us we didn’t plan it that
way. What you should do is can your proof
readers. Or stop trying to be so fatuous. By
the way, the correct form is either quel or
quelle.—SOI,Oxh. Adeline St., Berkeley S, Calif.

  Tsk, tsk, yourselves. And here all this
time we have been wandering about in our
innocence, believing nexialism, something
the Grik Gods drank out of a shoehorn or
something. Shades of L. Sprague de Camp!
Your racism requires no answer. Those
big dictionary quests are fun occasionally—
especially as almost always something turns
up as fitting as your quelling with murder.
Which is why we indulge once in a while.

  As to your comment anent some of our
other activities as against our editorial
capabilities (carefully deleted from your
letter) we feel in somewhat the same mood
as Edwin James a few letters back. How-
ever, the story in question was, to us,
a horrifying thing when we finally saw it
in print. We shuddered. By then it had
been thoroughly butchered in the process
of cutting it to fit an overdue rent bill.
Maybe you’ll find something happier in
work soon to appear in this and other
stf magazines.

SIDEWINDERS PREFERRED
by John P. Conlon

  Dear Editor: I returned from Europe in
forty-five after an argument with some gents
who included in their ranks a corps of lads
selected for size, race, appearance and so forth.
Unfortunately they used to make soap and
lampshades of their customers. The SS Trooper
was a carefully selected person but I would a
d«mn sight sooner associate with a mojave
sidewinder. With all their hollering over the
race question they wound up allowing th« Nips,

vm

Krim Tatars, Mongols, Hungarians, Rumani-
ans and so forth to be honorary Aryans.

  As for dreaming of the stars the heathen
Chinese had good observatories while many of
our ancestors were using each other for chow
purposes. They ain’t made many changes in
the world but they ain’t having conscience
pains from making A-bombs.

  There are differences in outward appearance
among the various races of man but the basic
equipment is the same. A lot of prejudices arise
from relations between the man with the whip
and the pore working stiff. The only real alien
today is the Communist, whose behavior is
alien to any civilization except the New Guinea
cannibal.

  I soldiered in the Regular Army with a
group of men who represented all the tribes
of Europe. I enlisted with an old soldier of the
Irish Republican Army and what I know about
the Service I learned from a Lithuanian cor-
poral. As for filth, there was a lad in my unit
down South whose color was hard to tell—
until his squad leader and a couple of guys
with sensitive noses escorted him to the shower
with a G.I. brush. There ain’t any inferior
races—only inferior individuals.—52 Columbia
Street, Newark, Ohio.

  And that, as they say, is telling them,
Mr. Conlon. At any rate it will serve to
wind up this tumed-on toaster of a sympo-
sium that has been raging ever since Mr.
Sigler replied in heat to Mr. Joe Gibson's
letter in answer to Miss Lopez’s note in
our March issue—which is long enough
for any controversy to endure in a letter
column—especially when it has nothing
directly to do with stf. Thanks for the
letters, all of you who did not get into
print. We’re right proud of you-all.

HEADS DOWN!
by Joe Gibson

  Dear Ed: Whup! Keep your heads down,
boys! She’s a leetle rough in through here—
Whereupon I crawl, wriggle and mud-paddle
up to the O.P. of Eugene DeWeese, who shall
henceforth be called Indiana. Now Indiana sez
we ought not to make TEV a battleground. I
agree. I got an allergy to battlegrounds. I am
sure Corporal McLamarrah, Canuck Morse,
Ollie Shannon and one of the Coles, at least,
will happily join me in a round of five-card
poker in the nearest liberated distillery,
gasthaus or bier-keller. Are you there, Les?

  It all places me in a somewhat golden mood
of reminiscence. Please, Lemuel, leave me in-
dulge myself for this nonce. ’Twas maybe
fifteen, maybe twenty years ago that the letter-
columns of the stf mags were all-male to a
vast and nauseating degree, with only one
letter or so every few months from any female
stf reader.

  So a bunch of guys of high and noble in-
tellect devised a bit of nefarious witticism.
They commented to Ye Eds that science-fietion
was obviously a man’s bailiwick, that women
just couldn’t enjoy it because there were no
frills or fripperies, that the one or two old
maids who did hang around were probably just
out on bail anyhow. We were brave lads in
those days!

  And gazooks!—did we get our ears pinned
back! And man, oh man, did we love it! Ever
since then, somehow or other, the gals have
always boen around. Femmes like la belle
Zimmer-Biadley, whose merrie-mayking
’mongst the general repartee has always been
welcomed with loud huzzahs from us Knights
of the Round Table. Much, I hope, to her sheer
feminine delight. But—now, isn’t that people
for you?

  And for youngsters like Shelby Vick of
Florida, let me say there are as many beau-
tiful dames among stficcionados as he’ll find on
any local beach. Or, well, it just might be the
conditions in Florida. That state’s a catch-
all for broad-beamed tourists, anyway. Re-
minds me somewhat of New Jersey. All the
pretty tourists are out West!

  But to have one’s letter published in a
letter-column, one usually must expect cer-
tain results. Some mail-order houses put your
ziame and address on their sucker list but they
usually scratch it off after twenty or thirty
come-hither circulars are ignored. A good
thing, though, is that you certainly get
an opportunity to acquire any stf stories
you’ve missed and always wanted. Fandom
is chuck-full of crazed collectors and eager
dealers.

  Also, there are the good fellows. Shannon,
now, has read stf for twenty years—and is
this his first letter to TEV? I wonder if he’s
ever sat down with a good fellow to recall
those old Weinbaum days when heroes went
jumping into space without spacesuits, hold-
ing their breath, and all the first-trippers to
the Moon found weird intelligent creatures and
flora?

  As mechanics have shop-talk and pilots have
hangar-talk, so fans have fan-gabs (in clubs
and via correspondence) where one is likely
to be discussing authors and stories one mo-
ment and probable Sol-type stars in the Earth-
type planets, the next. The present topic of
interest seems generally to be how science-fic-
tion can be improved so its boom of popularity
won’t do a sudden reverse.

  But the more cooks who join in, of course,
the bigger the head on the broth! Seems I
just vaguely recall meeting one Lemuel Mutton
at last July’s New York Stf Conference, who
said there was a slight bulging of the walls of
the mail dept, down at 10 East 40th, due to
some lamebrained fan’s brash essay. I am
now sewing buttons back on my shirt. But
may those walls continue to bulge, chum!

  Yep. All in all, it’s as satisfying a hobby
as can be. Has its surprises too, I must say.
So you write a story about a farmer who be-
comes a senator, now, someplace, that’s gonna
hit a farmer who’d like to be a senator—did
I say that riirht? Yeah. Okay, so somebody’s
gonna get a kick out of the yam.

  So a girl wondered why the dark races
weren’t represented in stf—for about the same
reason, it seemed to me. I grew up in New
Mexico, where the population’s about 80%
Spanish Americans, which was muy bueno
with me, and a couple of my finest school-
chums were colored boys—you can imagine
what a surprise Dorothy Brown-Nalls’ letter
was! But—well, enough of this.

  And with Mac and Ollie and Canuck and

the rest of the gang, I shall happily wend my
way through the winding streets of some
quaint village, rattling the chimney-pots with
lusty song. And pausing, perhaps, to gaze
with sadness at any glare of fire or sputtering
of guns on the far horizon. Indeed, no battle-
grounds, please. The way things look we may
get into that soon enough and it won’t be
figurative. So speaks this jerque from Old
Albuquerque.—2U Kensington Ave., Jersey City

4.	N. J.

  We love your letter, Joe—and don’t get
us wrong. It has spirit, emotional appeal,
nostalgia of sorts, camaraderie, chutney,
sex-appeal and a dash of basil. But what
in hell does it mean? Please write us again
by way of explanation.

FUTUREFOLK
by Nancy Moore

  Dear Editor: Since you were nice enough to
print my last letter I have decided to honor
you with another (lucky, lucky, you). First
I think I can help brother Austin on the story
he’s trying to find. In the Fall, ’41 issue of
Planet Stories—I suppose I’ll be censored
here—there was a lead novel by Eando Binder
called “Vassals of the Master World,” where-
in Earth is enslaved by a planet called Tharkya,
All the inhabited planets of our galaxy were
likewise enslaved and forced to deliver one
gram of energon to Tharkya yearly as tri-
bute. Hero falls in love with a Venusian girl,
I think, and they live happily ever after.
Could be this is the story you’re trying to
find, Buz?

  On to the latest Startling. “Pardon my
Iron Nerves” was very good. As it has been
said before. Captain Future belongs to a dif-
ferent era in scientifiction. The old CF stories
were good and well received when they were
published but the dyed-in-the-wool STFan is
looking for a little more than thud ’an blunder
in his reading. So I suggest you keep the cur-
rent series of CF stories well sprinkled with
humor. They’re better that way.

  “Tall Tale” seems to me the sort of story
that might find its way into an anthology in
a year or so. Incidentally, I met Mack Reynolds
at the Norwescon. He’s a pretty swell guy
and takes his writing very seriously. Let’s
have more of his work.

  Rog Phillips has done much better than
“Love My Robot” and how this ever got into
SS I’ll never know. Rog will probably pin my
ears back for this when he sees me again
but— LMR WAS THE WORST STORY IN
THE ISSUE!! There! I’ve said it and I’m
glad! Glad, do you hear.....?

  Now to a subject currently under discussion
—we fen seem to enjoy thinking of ourselves
as a group of “future people,” i. e. mentally
superior in more ways than one. Still, there
seem to be some of us who will look down our
noses at someone whose skin is a different
color.

  S-f authors often discuss tolerance toward
extra-terrestrial races. Can we even hope to
stay on friendly terms with Martians or
Venusians when there are those among us
who condemn the other fellow because of a
different shade of epidermis?
  We’re not even ready for something like
space travel when we still have with us some-
thing as downright stupid as racial intol-
erance. I think that expresses my personal
views.

  I’ll close this with a limerick. Let’s hear
you answer this one, Ed.—

I dislike Bergev’s women, they bulge
In places unflattering to them
They curve where they shouldn’t
And bend where they couldn’t
And should get the waste-basket due them.

  Okay but how come your first and second
lines don’t bulge—I mean rhyme? To put
the limerick in your own (i.e. the N. Moore
or no-more form sans bulges) form we
would have to do this—

  The places where Bergey’s babes swell
Are those that cause strong men to
whistle

  Their sub-breastplate bumps
  Are sure cures for male dumps
  And bring us in many an epistle.

  Whereas and however, not to mention
nonetheless, your true limerick should run
as follows—

  The places where Bergey’s babes swell

  Wring from every true male a loud yell

  Their curves callipidgious

  Are so prestidigious

  They tell the world why Adam fell.

  At any rate, perhaps you have the idea
by this time. If you don’t you probably
never will.

FROM ALL ANGLES
by Captain Kenneth F. Slater

  Dear Un-nameable: Nov. SS turned up a few
days ago, beauteous near-nude on cover, as
always. I know it is not your fault, but I do
wish something could be done about those
covers. For my money, they are the only thing
that prevent the SS/TWS twins from heading
the field for all-round excellence. Among the
good, bad and indifferent s-f and fantasy mags
which are flooding into the market in steadily
increasing numbers there are one or two that
outshine yours in some specific way, but none
which can be relied upon to give such good
stuff from the “all ancles” point of view.

 Jack Vance’s FIVE GOLD BANDS was
good but not quite up to par. The plot seemed
to be somawhat forced and the action strung
out too much. Best two tales (in my opinion
only) were the Hubbard novelet and the
Phillips short. The humor in Ed Hamilton’s
tale rather spoiled it. Shame, cos it had to
be funny^ didn’t it? There will be umpteen
folk disagree with me, of course. Actually,
I’d almost been converted to liking Captain
Future and crew. Now I am right back hating
their intestines.

  TALL TALE, Mack Reynolds, was more
amusing, from the “lighter” side, than the

147

Future item. William’s ROAD BLOCK was

good, tho theme is not new. he gave it rather
special treatment. I liked—if it could have been
longer (it couldn't very well have been) I’d
have rated it above Rog Phillips’ yarn.

  ’Fraid there is not much news from this
side of the water, but one item to note is
that NOVA PUBS have put out the second
string—Walt Gillings’ mutated SCIENCE-
FANTASY. I’m sending you a copy . . . and
you’ll note it is not as good as we’d hoped it
would be.

  This new scheme of fanzine reviewing is
not so good. At least, you previously pre-
vented a complete waste of money by fans, &
gave them some idea of what they’d get for
their sub. I rather think that from here-on
inclusion in Part II of your listing will mean
no subs—but that is the fanzine-editors’ own
fault, I guess.

  I can’t follow the reasoning behind some of
their complaints. . .do any of them honestly
expect to make a profit on publishing a fan-
zine? Excluding such items as FANTASY
ADVERTISER, naturally. And why they
should take exception to a few well-intended
hints that they were below average gets me.
Fandom must be growing up with thin skins
these days.

  It is not so long back that folk were being
positively and absolutely rude to each other.
Anyway, what real harm does it do to sav
something is not worth buying—not that I
can recall you being quite that outspoken. It
tells the editor that he has got to buck his
ideas up and it warns other fairs from laying
out the hard-earned buck for 10 copies of
something you can not even use for wrapping
paper.

  Back in Sept. ’49 you told me that OPERA-
TION FANTAST needed its hair brushed.
Did I write back and complain that you were
stopping folk subscribing? No, I took a meta-
phorical brush and comb to the ’zine and cleaned
it up! I may have cussed you under my breath
at the time but I took the hint.—IS Gp. R.P.C.,
B. AO.R., 2.1, e/o GPO, England,

 Something has been done about our
covers as you doubtless know by this time.
Hope you approve the changes. Sex is
definitely not out but we intend to make
it a bit more palatable when employed and
to use other varations and ideas when,
as and if we can.

  Actually, the new fanzine review sys-
tem is far sounder than the old. Outside
of the standouts we could give the bulk
of them little more than a cursory glance-
through. So our comment was hardly re-
liable for a shopper’s guide. Now we have
a chance to study completely the best-
appearing jobs without cluttering ourselves
up with the others—yet at the same time
we give them a listing.

  Seems to me the ten-list should be at
least as worth while shooting for as the
old A and B business.

  We sew one of the Gillings books an4j
liked immensely, Ken. Hope your gang over
there gets out of its technical doldrums
soon. Certainly Britain is teeming with
loyal and alert fans—one should be pro-
ductive and would be if they could. We
hope they get the chance.

BABY SITTER ISSUE
by Anna Lee McLeod

  Dear Editor: Starting off this epistle with a
smile, I must congratulate you for putting
out one issue (the November one) which is
greatly suited to all feminine fans who are
mothers of demanding one-year-olds. When my
darling daughter was asleep, I was able to get
in a half-hour or so at a time of reading on
the short stories. I think your selection was
most excellent this time also. “The Old Man"
had such a grand surprise ending; and I liked
the one ..bout the prospector who saw the
rocket-ship. In fact they all were good.

  But now comes a gripe. I wish that you-all
would give this forlorn Californian a chance
to be happy. I would like to know just how
to get letters from other stf fans. And what
does a person have to have to get into TEV
for good, like the Coles and Ed Cox, etc.???.

  Living in Maryland is like being on the
Moon—plenty dead. I would like to know
where to find a Science Fiction Society to join,
even by mail. S.O.S.—I’m lonely. See what
you can do, Nonny-mouse. Please.—Apartment
S, 213 South Union Ave., IIavre-de-Grace,
Maryland.

  Shuck, ma’am, yo-all cain’t be lonely down
there in the heart of the Tannenbaum coun-
try. Not while warm hearts and Southern
chivalry still flourish. Ask any Northern
racetrack reporter following a Preakness
weekend. Seriously, Maryland and the Moon
have little in common. Take over, Maryland.
As for getting into TEV “for good” as you
put it, just keep writing interesting letters.

  Incidentally the “prospector” who saw
the space-ship in the Mack Reynolds story
TALL TALE was a very real and fabulous
figure in the countryclubification of the pre-
Civil War West. It was Jim Bridger who
first discovered Yellowstone for the white
man. And his stories of Old Faithful and
the like were considered riotously “tall
tales” by his hard-bitten comrades—until
later confirmed. We don’t know whether or
not he actually did see the space or rather
time-ship, however. As the story points out
he lacked the nerve to tell that one.

WITH FOOT IN MOUTH
by Earl Newlin, Jr.

  Dear Ed: I knew you war* talented bat I
didn’t know yop war* a ocmtortkmi**. However,
yon neatly stock your foot in yonr month h>

this Startling November issue. You tell os the
robot-versus-man story is threadbare and m
the same ish yoa eon not one b«t two robotales.

  Of course, you don’t find me complaining
about this. I’m a sucker for robots. I could
become quite fond of a cute little metal mon-
ster, but this is merely because I’m a psychiat-
ric pervert. There are a lot of us perverts
around, who have emotional feeling for things
much less animate than a robot. Things like
old shoes, speed-boats, pocket knives. . . .

  Anyway, “Love My Robot” was a good tale.
Also the appearance of Rog Phillips (Yah, yah,
I know his name’s Graham. But it gripes me
to see characters refer to a penname'1 author
by his true name. It gets confusing, and it’s the
same as saying “Hey look at me. I know his
real name, so I am an experienced fan.”) was
welcome.

  I liked the other robotism, too. Say Ed, I
have a brilliant idea. Next time I make a robot,
I’ll put some revolving lop-sided wheels in his
head. Then he would have a distinct personal-
ity. He’d be eccentric.

  I won’t bdre you by rating the rest of th«
stories (because I haven’t read them yet) but
I will comment upon the cover. Some Bergey
fans will like it, shouting “We want flesh.
Large feminine expanse of soft pink flesh!!!"

  Maybe you could talk Bergey into doing an
abstract cover. Ah, I can picture it now. Beau-
tiful scantilyclad circle being protected by
handsome dashing square. And looming in the
background we find a hideous writhing, bng-
eyed-rectangle!!! Cute, huh?

  I wish I’d have been around when all that
Sarge Saturn business was going on. . . . Why.
we new fen don’t even know what it was all
about! Could you give us a sample? Just one.
painless paragraph? Aw, come on.

  I’m glad there are gals in fandom. BUT . . .
first we must assume that they are intelligent,
as Shelby Vick did. Now, if a dame is intelligent
enough to like the same type of fiction a lot
of the males do (ahem . . .), then they are
most probably un-beautiful. Most of the aver-
age female reading is of the “Intimate Pas-
sion” mags.

  Therefore and wherefore, not to mention to
wit, whereas, we could assume that they had
an average mentality that was a little—
warped. Most of the beauties I know aren’t
interested in anything but male animals. Tsk!

  I don’t see who started the rumor that an
stfan had to be intelligent, anyway. A lot of
swill in other mags (and sometimes in yours)
is pure adventure, with very little emphasis on
unusual concepts. How about a lead novel of
76 pages of mathematical formulae? (If you
ever need any more original ideas, I’ll help
you out next month in TWS.)—103 Peck Atw-
nu4, San Antonio 10, TerasU!

  Help us out and under the fore-jets of
some ambulating Mereurian meat wagon,
you spawn of the outer satellites. Fah!
Bring on the xeno, Frogeyes, this diluted
half-measure of Plutonian dishwater is
more than we can bear. Had enough, Earl?
We have—in fact we had it years and years
ago when w» interred the Sarge and his
gruesome pets in a fur-lined hogshead of
Arcturean brandy, double-distilled.

  You seem to belong in the ‘•square’’ cate-
gory yourself, kid. Or, worse, among the
flats—which, according to Eddy Condon,
are squares lying down.

BOUQUETS FOR ROG
by Janie Lamb

  Dear Ed: You did it. You did it, and here’s
a big beautiful bouquet for you. But how in the
world did you manage it? blackmail or bribery?
I’ll bet you offered the poor starving guy
money. Of course I’m talking of your adding
Rog Phillips to your list of writers. Nice
work!	•

  Hamilton outdid himself on this Captain Fu-
ture yarn. I like a taste of humor in my stories.
Pardon My Iron Nerves had it. Vance was way
below par. Better feed him some cream o’
wheat.

  I always turn to the reader’s corner firstest,
but this time, whew! I begin to think the dear
ole Ed had spilled some fried garlic in the let-
ter section (he eats it for lunch, it’s a secret
though) but when I finally located the odor,
’twas only Sigler’s letter.

  And now, Ed, a hearty AMEN to your prom-
ise of no mo’ letters on the racial question in
SS. There’s no place for it in stf circles
(squares either). Some seem to think racial
prejudice is the seed of slavery. ’Tain’t so,
’cause look at the trouble Moses had with his
family, because he loved and married a colored
girl. And as wise as Solomon was he lamented
the fact his skin was black. Had there not
been racial prejudice then, would he have
cared if he was black or white? The Negro
would have been far happier and progressed
farther if they had been given a reservation
like the Indians, but let’s keep this feud out of
fandom, regardless of what any of us think,
or want, racial prejudice is here to stay.—
Heiskell, Tennessee.

 Solomon black? Old Man Mose in love
with a Lydian lady? Reservations for Ne-
groes and not on the Superchief? You’ve
got us in a spin, Janie, no foolin’. And just
when we thought that one was all wrapped
up for the dustbin. Ah, well! Write us again
anyway although your logic eludes us com-
pletely. It has a sort of eerie charm—yours
and Gibson’s. Confidentially we used neither
blackmail nor bribery on Roger P. A press-
gang did the job for us with dispatch.

POSITION UNTENABLE
by Bill Venable

Dear Ed.:

  You nasty man, you: Lately I have had a
sort of antipathy towards SS and TWS. In
fact, when I saw the latest ish of SS reposing
on my local newsstand, I gave a great cry of
jubilation. I will now, figures I, read this over
and then sit down and write a suitable letter
of condemnation to the editor. ’Twould indeed
have been a fitting pastime, as I was severely
suffering from GAFIA (Get-Away-From-It-

[Tum 'page']

WINS WRITING SUCCESS
THOUGH CRIPPLED WITH
ARTHRITIS

"When I bccomo almost crippled
with arthritis, N.I. A. (raining
proved its value. I bo can acting
03 local correspondent for two
papers. Then. I started a publica-
tion of my own. 'The Beekeeper'
became a reality and a success,
Wera I physically able, I would
crawl to the top of tho house and
shout tho merits of tbo N.I. A.
training."

—Klmer Carroll.

Iiouto 3, Box CIO, Lansing, Iflcb,

Why Can’t
     You Write?

It’s much simpler than you think!

C O many people with the “germ” of writing in
them simply can’t get started. They suffer from
inertia. Or they set up imaginary barriers to taking
the first step.

  Many are convinced the field is confined to per-
sons gifted with a genius for writing.

   Few realize that the great bulk of commercial writing is
done by so-called “unknowns.”

  Not only do these thousands of men nnd women produco
most of the fiction published, but countless articles on busi-
ness, hobbies, sports, travel, veteran's affairs, war experi-
ences, human interest stories, local and club activities,
etc., as well.

  Such material is in constant demand. Every week thou-
sands of checks for $25, $50 and $100 go out to writers
whose latent ability was perhaps no greater than yours.

The Practical Method

  Newspaper work demonstrates that tho way to leorn to
write is by writing! Newspaper copy desk editors wasto
no time on theories or ancient classics. The story is tho
thing. Every copy "cub” goes through the course of prac-
tical criticism—a training that turns out more successful
authors than any other experience.

  That is why Newspaper Institute of America bases Its
writing instruction on tho Copy Desk Method. It starts and
keeps you writing in your own home, on your own time.
And upon the very same kind of actual assignments given
dally to metropolitan reporters. Thus you learn by doing,
not by studying the individual styles of model authors.

   Each week your work is analyzed constructively by prac-
tical writers. Gradually they help to clarify your own
distinctive style. Writing soon becomes
easy, absorbing. Profitable, too, as you
gain the "professional” touch that gets
your material accepted by editors.

Above all, you con see constant progress
week by week as your faults ore cor-
rected and your writing ability grows.

Have You Natural Ability?

Our Writing Aptitude Test will re-
veol whether or not you have natural
talent for writing. It will analyze your
powers of observation, your imagina-
tion and dramatic instinct. You'll en-
joy taking this test. There is no cost
or obligation. Simply mail the coupon
below, today. Newspaper Institute of
America, One Park Avenue, New York
16, N. Y. (Founded 1925)

'W-

*1 Wr

about ■

          Newspaper Institute of America
          One Park Are., New York It, N. Y.

          Send me, without cost or obligation, your
 Writing Aptitude Test and further information
 about writing for profit.

 Mr.

 Mrs.

 Miss

 Address..

 ( ) Check hero If you aro eligible under the O.I. Bill of Rights.

(All correspondence confidential. No ealenman will call on you.) tM-C-SOl

Copyright 1949, Nswtpopsr Institute of Amarlta.

149
Ali), and desired to indulge my sadistic im-
pulses to the full.

  But no. No I No! You had to go and fill the
November ish with the best damn stories I
have read in a long time in any magazine. My
day was ruined. Dammit, they were good! I
suffered interminably that day. I sat down
and enjoyed THE FIVE GOLD BANDS so
much that I cried out in frustration. How
could I pan such a story as that? There was
no way. It was good.

  I am accustomed to the fact that Vance’s
MAGNUS RIDOLPH series is terrific. Still,
I could hope that there would be no MR story
in that ish. Indeed, when I saw that Vance
had been trying another type of story, I felt
jubilant. Here, says I, was where he had gone
too far. Out of his element I figured his stuff
would be horrible. But was it? Oh, no! You
had to publish a good lead novel this time.

  But that wasn’t enough for you. Even the
novelets were terrific. PARDON MY IRON
NERVES is the hottest thing that has hit Ed
Hamilton since the beginning of the Future-
men. And having it written in the first person
by a ro—excuse me, I mean Grag, was indeed
novel. Has that ever been done before? And
then there was TOUGH OLD MAN. Now, I
know Hubbard is a clear, and therefore what
could I expect but a good story? And it was—
it was. Your coup is complete.

  To add insult to injury, even the short
stories were tops. Who could possibly con-
demn Rog Phillips, anyway? And how could
anyone pan LOVE MY ROBOT? It was sci-
ence-fiction in the best style. TALL TALE also
rates this category. Every bit of it was anthol-
ogy material.

  I have one redeemer. ROAD BLOCK. Now
the writing was O.K. but the story wasn’t
finished. For some reason I like to have a final
or semifinal conclusion to a story. ROAD
BLOCK was one of those types that describes
something with great possibilities and then
finishes, leaving the reader up in the air.

  But the mag as a whole—I mean the con-
tents—was wonderful. You couldn’t have done
better on a bet.—32 Park Place, R. D. No. i,
Pittsburgh 9, Pennsylvania.

  Go ahead and be as sadistic as you wish,
Bill. We dote on it, simply dote on it! And
ROAD BLOCK was so finished!

SIEW OR SIUE
by J. E. Clarke

  Dear Sir: I have never written a fan letter
to any magazine. I have read every number
of this mag since it started publication. I read
science fiction for the enjoyment I get from
it. I think that it is only fair that I express my
appreciation for the many happy hours that
the pern sal of this publication has given me.
The stories are all good, only some are better
than others.

  I have just finished reading the Nov. 1950
number. The stories are improving right along.
I can’t find the name of the Editor any place in
this mag. I think that I know the reason for
that—he probably has only a number. I de-
duce this from the fact that on page 153 he
savs “Ugh! Praise Allah we were never a
child!”

  Could it be that he is a Robot, conditioned
and trained to be a science fiction editor? That
would tend to explain the increasing excel-
lence of his material. If I am right in this
matter there are a whole slew of questions
that I’d like to ask!

  I especially like L. Ron Hubbard's stories.
I think that he showed remarkable restraint
in not mentioning Dianetics in this last story.
I believe that L. Sprague de Camp disagrees
with Ron on that subject! I haven’t read a
bad “Captain Future” story yet.

  The inside art work agrees favorably with
the general makeup of the magazine and the
cover picture is good, but I can’t help wor-
rying whether that little string will continue
to hold up that dinky apron! Nobody else is
printing any better stories than STARTLING
and I read about half a dozen others and
should know. I’m 68 years old and am probably
your oldest reader.

  I started reading the letters in the present
issue using a pair of magnifying spectacles.
Then after a while I started using a large
reading glass but even that didn’t help for
long. Some of the letters are interesting. I
feel that the discussion of racial differences
should have no place in these letters. Given
equal educational and training opportunities,
ALL of them are about equal in brain power.—
511% Lighthouse Ave., Pacific Grove, Cali-
fornia.

  Robotic editors, yet—brrrrr! At that, it
might come in handy to have one or more
around, scuttling out to interview fans and
so on. More seriously, Mr. Clarke, your let-
ter gives us a desire to know just who our
oldest reader is. How about it, all of you?
Will you send in your nominations? We’ll
be glad to publish an occasional photograph
if it is clear enough for screen reproduction
With which we hereby inaugurate an oldest
SS fan contest.

1950—THE SUMMING UP
by Robert P. Hoskins

  Dear Muttonhead: The date: August thirty-
first, the year of our Lord one thousand nine
hundred and fifty. The above mentioned year
is two-thirds gone. Or so one would think. But
wait! What is this?

  The latest issue of STARTLING appeared
two days ago and is dated November, which
means that the year has vanished before our
eyes. There will be no more issues of dear old
SS dated this year. So the time has come, the
walrus said, to speak of many things. Of the
best of novels, novelets and author queens and
kings. Oh, well, it rhymes.

  Appropriately enough we shall start out by
listing the six novels in their proper place, ac-
cording to my own insignificant personal opin-
ions.

 I.	WINE OF THE DREAMERS by John
D. MacDonald. I think you mentioned some-
time back that there might be a slim chance
of its being made into a movie. That’d be one
of the best things to hit the silver screen since
talkies and color!
 II.	THE LADY IS A WITCH by Norman
A. Daniels. Some fan didn’t like it. Fie on
them! Another good bet for the movies.

 III.	THE CITY AT WORLD’S END by
Old World-Wrecker hisself. As in my letter
in the current SS, I say: A SEQUEL! A
dozen of them.

 IV.	THE FIVE GOOD BANDS by Jack
Vance. I’m still reading it but I can already
tell I’m gonna love it. More of the same in
novel-length from Vance!

 V.	THE CYBERNETIC BRAINS by Ray-
mond F. Jones. Superb bit of writing. By the
way, are we gonna see some more stuff about
Cal Meacham?

 VI.	THE SHADOW MEN by A. E. van
Vogt. At the beginning of the season I was
gonna rate it best. But you surprised me by
coming out with more and more super-superb
stuff.

  That little chore be through. Next we find
the novelets. Will only rank what I considered
to be the top three as there are too many of
them. Will do the same with the shorts. A
pause, while I go over the list of them again.

  I.	Roman HOLIDAY by Kelvin Kent. Tops
on my list of novelets. Am thinking of making
a list of my favorites in each classification.
RH would be about third in several hundred.

 II.	PARDON MY IRON NERVES by Ed-
mond Hamilton. I read the Hubbard nvt in
the latest ish before this one and I thot that
that had hit the peak of egotism in a character,
(Constable Moffat.) But I read Grag’s own
story next. Believe me, I didn’t even try to
conceal my emotions! My sides still ache.

 III.	CHILDREN OF THE SUN by Edmond
Hamilton. This was tough but Captain Future
scored again! Hamilton and his band have
taken two out of three in 1950! I hope they
can do it again. All I can say is all power
to them.

  And last, but not least, we are down to the
shorts. This is gonna be the toughest job of
all. Wait! I’m forgetting the artwork. And I
thot I was gonna have a rest soon. But on with
it.

 I.	STARS OVER SANTA CLAUS by Wil-
liam Morrison. Cute little tale. Samachson is
tops when it comes to shorts. Dunno why I
did it but I have chosen him for first and third
spots. Again one author stealing from his pals.

  II.	DOWN THE RIVER by Mack Reynolds.
In a way it carries a good message. Too bad
everyone can’t be forced to read it. And I
mean everyone! Illiterate persons could have
it read to them. Teach this old world to mind
its P’s and Q’s.

  III.	DISAPPOINTMENT by William Mor-
rison. I see again that several fen didn’t like
it. Any of you boys wanna fight? Good. You’d
make good sparring partners for some pugilist.

[Turn pag.e]

You Make Money Fast

Every Time You Give o Show

with the Sensational Hew

   ■cS oAtf 'o' & 'o' 'o' '6'if o' o o':o '<S is V 'tS'iTifWilf-
   jovri riiiniiifti nituior

kp~pj>,

Make easy money every show!

This miniature T-V Bank looks like the big table models.
Friends, relatives drop nlcklcs, dimes, quarters to see tho
screen light up with different scenes. A flick of the knob
tunes In cartoons, football, boxing. Western shots. Holds
5200 and ifs filled up before you know III

      SEND NO MONEY, Use 10 Days at Our Risk
  Just send name and address. On arrival pay postman
  $2.49 plus C. O. D. If not delighted return for your money
  back, save money! Send $2.49 and we pay all postage.
  Write today!

           T-V BANK CO., Dept. V561-C
 SIS N. 7th St.	St. Louis, M«.

   Here’s a Profitable^-

MONEYMAKIN6 OPPORTUNITY FOR YOU
WITHOUT INVESTMENTS

No •xporienca n««d»d tooct oaoor Lxol OeoWr tot
MA5TIB Wo«fc Uniform gormcnta. I very bwiJnni
comem o procpoct. A<fv«tU.f*9 *mbcoki*»*<J on
90nntoti i» o »Ws hotutc. You con ootify corn
up to mony thotnondj ©1 doOor* per yeor. W*
•upply oU So lea Equipment REE. Write

EEO. MASTER GARMCMT CO., Dept. G<0 UGOHIER, IND.

NEW WRITERS NEEDED

     EARN UP TO $5.00 AN HOUR, SPARE TIME

  — re-writing ideas in newspapers, magazines, books. Splen-
  did opportunity to "break into" fascinating writing field.
  May bring you up to $5.00 per hour, spare time. Experience
  unnecessary — we teach you. Write for FREE details, and
  how to get FREE Writer's Market Guide 1

        COMFORT WRITER’S SERVICE
 Dept. 15-TF	200 S. 7th St.	St. Lonis 2, Mo.

She Got *4®0CO

for a Half Dollar

■S/ will pay CASH fori

IQIB OIKS.BlllffW STAMPS!

POST YOURS EL FI Itpays!/

   I paid $-100.00 to Mrs. Dowtyfi
   ofTexas.forone Hnlf Dollar: •»

  .....J.D. Martin of Virginia $200.00 _

  a single Copper Cent. Mr.
  S»*^Manningof New York. *2.600.00 for /vX,
  onc8!lverDolTar. Mrs.G.K. Adams,Ohio, Vi*;
  received$740.00for afewoldcolns. I will pay big pricee .
  for all kinds of old coins, medals, bills and stamp?.

I WILL PAY $100.00 FOR A DIME!

         1804 3. Mint: $30.00 for 1913 Liberty Fiend Nickel (not l
         Buffalo) and hundreds of other amaKlnir prices for coins.

         Send 4c for I.-irKo Illustrated Coin Folder and partlcu-J
         larr.. It may mean much profit to you. write today to

      B. MAX MEHl, 133 Mehl Bldg., Fort Worth, Tex.

             lLarccBt Rare Cola Establishment in U.S.)

151
Introductory Offer

NEW!..
IMPROVED!

FOR MEN
AND WOMEN

AIMn-one Cigarette 1-tghtor and Full-Pack Case gives you cigarettes
and lights together as you want them, streamlined, smart, modern
. . . n wonderful eon von (once, the Ideal gift. FREE . . . ANT NAME
ENGRAVED ON CASE IN 23-KAiiAT GOLD! For men or women. Built
lor lifetime servleo of beautiful plastic. Deep-won Itthter holds
amazingly large supply of fluid. SEND NO MONEY . . . 7-DAY TRIAL.
Order on trial Inspection and approval. On arrival deposit S1.98 plus
C.O.D. t-se 7 days. If not delighted return for refund. (Send S1.98
with order and wo pay postage.) Bo sure to somj name to bo engraved.

 >16. 1GG5 MILWAUKEE AVI.
 CHICAGO 47. ILLINOIS

H&S SALES 0EPT

QUIT TOBACCO!

 Remove all tobacco craving safe In every form and join
 the thousands who have completely obtained satis-
 factory freedom from tobacco with the old genuine
 TOBACCO BANISHER. Send for FREE BOOKLET
 describing the ill effects of tobacco, and a safe, re-
 liable home treatment. A proven success for 39 vears.

GUSTAF H. GUSTAFSON CO.

2325 E. Vickery Blvd. Dept. TF Ft. Worth 3, Toxoi

High School Course

 at Home

 Many Finish in 2 Years

 I:

 ■	entrance

 I tredit for M, o, ouu^cu ■imuj’ cumpiotra. Mnri
 I ?"!"*?• Hl*b	*• *«T IwrUU for

 ■	Id business nod Industry and eocUUy.

 I ?£°r	* Hl*h School gndtmU,

 ■	tree Bulletin oo request. No obi'

 Go as rapidly »s your time end abilities permit. Course
 equivalent to resident Bchoo! work — prepares for college
 exams. Standard H S. te*tssappiied. Diploma.
 H. 9. subject* « ready completed. Single subject* If

          ---------Toradnu

                                      MBdlau

 In buuioees nod Industry and

yoor life. Be a High 8cbooJ L __________________

 troe Bulletin oo request. No obligation.

 AMERICAN SCHOOL, Dept. H-358 Crexelat 58th. CMcago37

 Don't be handicapped all
 Otazt tout training now.

Dangers Of Delay
  On Chronic Ailments

FREE BOOK - Tells How To Help
Guard Health

PPDdor#®

  lillil

RECTAL^COkONIC

ailments

 Many facts about colon disorders, headaches, constipa-
 tion, nervousness or stomach, liver and bladder conditions
 are explained in a new 40-page FREE BOOK. Write today.
 Thornton & Minor Clinic. Suite 856. 911 E. Linwood,

  Kansas City 3, Mo.

   Best cover of the year: March issue. I won’t
 try to rate the other artwork. Finlay and Or-
 ban are in good form. I see that Orban domi-
 nates the November issue.

   I didn’t get down to see you, Lemmy, for
 which you should be very grateful. But some-
 day I’m gonna make a special trip just to see
 what your ugly puss is like. I hear you’re the
 average American man everyone talks about
 when describing someone. Didn’t even know
 that such a critter actually exists.

   A few last minute notes: You have published
 a total of thirty-nine stories in SS in the past
 year. Contrary to one fan’s opinion in a recent
 ish of Tucker’s SF NEWS LETTER, the qual-
 ity of your material is not going down, but com-
 ing up.

   I think Vernon McCain has a good idea in his
 letter. I know I thought about entering fandom
 for at least two years before I finally did. And
 the only reason I finally did was because I was
 in an extra-ambitious mood one evening with
 nothing to do. You now know what I chose to
 do to pass the time. Don’t you sometimes wish
 that you had never been born? Or better yet,
 that no fan had ever been born?—Lyons Falls,
 New York.

   Now that it’s over we can’t say that we
 do. Although there were moments in the
 course of preparing the above peristyle. ...
 But enough said. It’s all more or less in fun
 or at least in controversy. Once again, you
 all seem to have come up and in with plenty
 on the proverbial spheroid this time. Here’s
 hoping it’s hotter yet come May. You might
 hop over to THE READER SPEAKS in
 THRILLING WONDER STORIES next
 month to see how things are on that stfront.

                —THE EDITOR.

152
REVIEW OF THE
CUltlKENT

SCIENCE

FICTION

FAN PUBLICATIONS

WELL, it had to happen apparently—
thanks to our limiting our list of
fanzine reviews to an arbitrary ten. The-er-
cabbage has overflowed the pot. To maintain
our “top-ten” listing we are going to have
to give a number of deserving fan publi-

cations special treatment in front. So here
goes—

  Arthur C. Clarke, B. Sc., scarcely an X-
factor to any of you, has sent us along the
most recent copy of the erudite Journal of
the British Interplanetary Society, which
is led off by the printed version of a speech
delivered in London before the society by
Mr. Clarke himself. Its title is Space-Travel
in Fact and Fiction and apparently the fact
that it was originally delivered on April
first, last, has no bearing upon its remorse-
less peerings into stf primitives.

  Also included, among other articles and
reviews, are a study of Space Rocket Tra-
jectories by Dr. Samuel Herrick and an
A. V. Cleaver review of Hollywood’s Desti-
nation Moon.

  Other arrivals from the “perfidious Al-
bino” include Wonder Magazine, Vol. 2 No.
2, published by Michael Tealby at 8 Burfield
Avenue, Loughborough, Leicestershire, Eng-
land, containing some amusingly anglicized
fanfiction and the Captain Kenneth F. Slater
perennial, OPERATION FANTAST, un-

[Turn page]

NEW SIIK fINISH

ENLARGEMENT

GOLD TOOIED FRAME

5x7 enlargement made

     your
ncRallve I
gold tooled frame. Be sure to Includo

Beautiful 5x7 enlarger
from your favorlto snapshot, photo or
alive and mounted In a handsomo

color of hair, eyes and clothing for
complete Information on having your

enlargement beautifully hand colored
In oil. SEND NO MONEY—simply pay
postman 29c each for the enlargement

  And frame plus cost of mailing. Satla*
. faction guaranteed. Limit two to a
I customer. Originals returned with your
B enlargement. Offer limited to U.S.A.

HOLLYWOOD FILM STUDIOS

7021 Santa Monica Blvd., Dept. A67, Hollywood 38,Calif.

INVENTORS

    Learn how to protect your invention. Specially prepared
    •Talent Guido" containing detailed Information concerning
    patent protection and proceduro with "Record of Invention"
    form will bo forwarded to you upon request—without obligation.

  CLARENCE A. O'BRIEN & HARVEY JACOASCN

Registered Patent Attorneys
18-A District National Bldg. Washington 5, D. C

FREE—Amazing Book on

RHEUMATISM, ARTHRITIS

If you suffer the aches, pains and discomforts of Rheumatism,
as manifested in ARTHRITIS. NEURITIS. SCIATICA or
LUMBAGO, send today for the FREE Book. It reveals im-
portant facts about why drugs and medicine give only tem-
porary relief without removing causes. Explains fully a proven,
specialized system of treatment that may save you years of
distress. No obligation. Write for this FREE Book todayl
BALL CLINIC. Dept. 504, Excelsior Springs. Mo.

^	START

as high as
$3/450.00 Year
Prepare NOW For
Next Examinations

VETERANS GET	/ FRANKLIN

SPECIAL PREFERENCE	/ INSTITUTE

Railway Postal Clerks	/ tNot Covcrnment Controlled)

City Mail Carriers	/

City Postoffice Clerks	/ DePf- N'94'

Stenographers-Typists	• Rochester 4, N. Y.

Liquor Inspectors	* ^ to me entire]y ,rpe

Messengers, Etc. * of charge, 40-page book

. _ _ _ .	with: (1) A full description

40-roge Book	of U. S. Government jobs;

on Civil Servicft »	(2) A list of U. S. Government

on Civil Serv.ce 0 . w. Te|, me hQw ^ qua,_

FREE.	/ ify for a job.

Mail	/

Coupon	/ Name.............................................................

today—	/

SURE	j Str*et...............................................................

★ / City.............................-.......Vet 7.............-

153
 IJiJ

 FALSE TEETH
 FIT TIGHT

 FOR LIFE OF PLATE
 With One Application
 torfX or YOUR MONEy PACK

xAn)f Professionally Developed AMAZING

W LiNO-DENT

REAL COMFORT 1HSTAMTLY "	™'

 FOR ALL PLATE WEARERS flipping “CT

—sum soreness heals and disappears — forever.

HOT MESSY • NOT STICKY

 Kot a paste—not a powder—Llno-Dent U *n
 amazing development In the field of plasties. It li
 tho tame material modem dentures are made of.
 That's why we can guarantee perfect piste comfort
 not .for lust a mouth but permanently with one
 application.

ABSOLUTELY SAFE

 Lino-Dent Is pure, non-toxin .
 non-lrrltailng, harmless, odor-
 less, tasteless, pleasant, slm- ,
 pie to use. Needs no heat.

 EASY AS
 *IC TO USE

  A.	Apply to Plats.

  B.	Insert In Mouth.

  C.	Bite fsr Perfect
      fit

It's provisionally developed
YOUR MONEY BACK IF
NOT COMPLETELY
SATISFIED

  We guarantee perfect plate comfort pennanentl»
  with only one application.

 SEND NO MONEY

                     $1.25 plus nostaiV Spe-
  cify upper or lover. Or send	$1,25 and we
  will pay pottage. .

  T INo -*0 E nir ine!f" Dept.”M

507-5 Av*.. New Yark J7. It. T.
Send LtN0*DENT fort

6 Lower $1.25 O Beth

 $2.2$

   I will pay poetman O $1.25. .□ $2.25 plus post-
   age. My money wlU be cheerfully refunded U I
   am not satisfied.

  NAME
  ADDRESS
  CITY...W.

   TimSSs

TOMBSTONES

DIRECT TO YOU $|

 Genuine Beautiful Rockdale I . UD
 Monuments, Markers. Satis- FacV
 faction or faONEY BACK. *	,

 Freight paid. Write for our 'tKrn:>

 FREE Catalog and compare prices.

ROCKDALE MONUMENT CO.

Dtpt. 831__JOL1CT. ILLINOIS

Study

HYPNOTISM!

 FASCINATING! Almost Unbelievable

 Thla unusual course reveals die fundamentals of
 PRACTICAL hypnotism. It discloses bow an export
 operator performs—how ho has developed his PER-
 SONAL POWER and uses it to bring others under
 b<s domination and control. Illustrated Instructions.
 Startling 'ow price. Full satisfaction or refund guar-
 anteed. Only $2.05 postpaid . . , or rflMPt PTF
 c.o.D.. rlus postage. send for “Hyp« vwmriiiB
 nousm Course” today!	PRICE

 NEUSON-HAU.CO.. 210S. Clinton St. „ . $*> QE
 Dept. 2C-6	Chicago 6. III. only Z.79

800 Ft. a »ly Nylon

25 lb. test

Level Fly Line,
,iie e»i.ob75

FLIES

ASSORTED

10 for

 f?eo I LINEN IVnb | 3 Nyion | 3 |iy^NyVw>
 ti.oO ! 2* lb. test f 85 fb. tost ? 45 lb. teat

   '	ann Aki	l IUC4

BRAJOED NYLON Visff
200* 15 or 20 lb. ▼ I 250’ 50 lb.
175' 35 lb. Test | 125’ 75 lb.

  Above lines available fn Jon_
  Send check or mon#y order. Wo

 iSS IS: S3

 alley. N. Y.

loosed quarterly upon an unsuspecting
world from 13 G.P. R.P.C., B.A.O.R., 23,
c/o G.P.O. England, at 15c per copy, 6 issues
75c, post free. As usual it is lively, thought-
ful and packed with stf gossip from both
sides of the Atlantic.

  As for American ’zines, we are giving
special attention to the second issue of
INCINERATIONS, a mad, mad and in
several spots very funny job produced quar-
terly by the Grape Press, 9109 SW Oleson
Road, Portland 19, Oregon at 10c per copy
and 10 issues $1.00. The letter retorts in the
finale and the cartoon on reinforcement of
an engram are alone worth a lot more than a
dime to us.

      The Nameless Ones
Then a fan-group from 3200 Harvard N.,
Seattle 2, Washington, which has hovered
on the fan-fringes for some time under the
title of The Nameless Ones, has burst into
something of a frenzy of activity with a
good fanzine entitled somewhat forbidding-
ly SINISTERRA, in which William N. Aus-
tin, Gordon Springer, Burnett R. Toskey,
Wally Weber, Lin Carter and a slue of
others cut loose with stories, features,
poems and artwork of generally high fan-
caliber at two bits per.

  As if this were not enough the same
group, headed by William N. Austin, has
come up with a 15c SCIENCE FANTASY
REPORT CARD, just about as elaborate
and informative a polling of fan and prodom
as science fiction has yet seen. Well worth
the modest fee.

   And Leonard Moffatt of Lilliputian Press,
 Garden Grove, California, has produced a
 very neat and professional FAN DI-
 RECTORY for 1950 members of the Fan-
 tasy Foundation and the National Fantasy
 Federation (NFFF), which should be of
 interest to members and others.

  Quite a lot of special stuff, what? And
now let’s look at the lucky ten and the lists
of the not-so-lucky that will follow.

Here Are the Ten

 ETAOIN SHRDLU, Apt. 2F, 40 West 77th Street, New
   York 24, New York. Editor. Stephen Taller. Published
   quarterly, 10c per copy, 3 issues 25c.

    This veteran B lister has taken a remarkable turn for the
 better in its Fall, 1950, issue, even including an amusing and
 thought-provoking article on stf cliches by none other than
 Henry Kuttner (wish we could get him back to writing for
 us!) and the inevitable study of dianetics, this time by Mor-
 ton Stemheim.

 THE FANSCIENT, 3435 NE 38th Avenue. Portland 13,

154
f.earn Profitable Profession
in days at Home

Y A book everyone who likes to draw |
should have. It is free; no free 1 I
obligation. Simply address book |—

C^^V^RTOONISTS' EXCHANGE

Dept. 73 Pleosonl Hill, Ohio

MEN AND WOMEN, 18 TO 60. Many Swedish

Massage graduates make big monoyl Largo full time
incomes from doctors, hospitals, sanatoriums, clubs or
^ private practice. Others make good monoy In
spare time. Prepare for Juturo security by train-
ing at home and qualifying for Diploma. Anatomy
charts and 32-page Illustrated Book FREE!
'3 The College of Swedish Massage
©C3 Depl. I63C 41 E. Peanon, Chicago II

 We train you at home in your spars time!

 National Softools, an institution with almost
 50 years experience, will show you how to get
 Into this prolltablo and fascinating field . . .
 In your spare Ume.

 You build this modern long-distance super-
 heterodyne receiver, oonduct many other
 experiments with standard equipment sent
 you. (See left)

SHOP METHOD HOME TRAINING

By a Real Resident Trad# School

 Think of the vastly Increased number of
 Television & Radio sets In operation . . .
 and of developments In TV. KM Broad-
 casting, Electronics! They all demand
 trained men to repair. Install, servlro and
 maintain equipment. We Rive you basic and
 advanced instruction In all phases of Tele-
 vision. Radio and Electronics. You receive
 a special series of modem Television les-
 sons. all a part of your course—you master
 all phases. Send tho coupon today for Free

Sample Lesson and bit. illustrated Oppor-
tunity Book. Both Resident and Hi
Study Training offered.

^r professional Multltester now In-
^ eluded as pare of your coursel

APPROVED FOR VETERANS

NATIONAL SCHOOLS

 IPS ANGE IES 37. CALI F. ■ EST.iyQi

 FIND OUT NOW. ..MAIL COUPON TODAY

 National schools, Dept S-TQD	Mall In envelope

 4000 south Fnueroa Street	or paste on

 Los Angeles 37, California	penny postal.

 Send me your FREE book "Your Future In Radio” and tho
 samplo lesson of your course. I understand no salesman will
 call on me.

Name...................................Aire........

Address............................................

City......................Zone......State...........

( ) Check here if Veteran of World War II

    Oregon. Editor, Donald B. Day. Published quarterly.

    25c per copy, 6 issues $1.00.

    Recent Norwescon activities seem to have slowed up recent
  publication of this smallest and best of fanzines. The issue
  at hand.. however, though tardy, is up to snutf, containing
  contributions by the de Courcys, Forrest J. Ackerman, An-
  thony Boucher, E. Everett Evans, Thomas H. Carter and
  others, to say nothing of the inevitable high-quality fanart-
  worfc on which Mr. Day seems to have something of a Cur-
  rent monopoly.

 FANTASY TIMES. 137-05 32nd Avenue, Flushing, New
   York. Editor, James V. Taurasi. Published twice
   monthly. 10c per copy, 12 issues $1.00.

    Still probably far and away the best and most informa-
  tion of fanewzines ever printed, it contains more up-to-the-
  minute material from more sources (accurate, too, as a rule)
  than anything else around. We don't pretend to know how
  they do it but it's damned good reporting.

 MEZRAB, P.O. Box No. 431. Tahoka, Texas. Editor*,
   Marion Z. and Robert Bradley. Published quarterly.
   Free on request.

    A thoughtful and mayhap enlightening article on ORIGIN
  OF THE UNIVERSE by Fernand Roussel is the big item in
  this issue with M. Roussel teeing off remorselessly on both
  Newton and Einstein. We admire his neo-Forteen nerve.
  Erik Fennel. Genevieve K. Stephens and others are also on
  hand—although Marion Z. Bradley is missing this time out—
  alack. But a good zine none the less.

 THE NEKROMANTIKON, 1905 Spruce Avenue, Kan-
   sas City I, Missouri. Editor, Manly Banister. Pub-
   lished quarterly. 25c per copy, 4 issues $1.00.

   A long novelet of time travel, TWILIGHT FELL AT
 CAMELOT by M. Houston, occupies most of the Fall issue,
 shared only by a brief editorial, an article on fantasy poetess
 Lilith Lorraine and a bit of whimsy by D. R. Smith on a mad
 Arab. The Houston iob, while not quite up to professional
 standards,_ Is super-excellent fanzine fiction and the Ralph
 Rybum Phillips is eerily effective. This is iust about the out-
 standing newcomer of 1950.

 ODD MAGAZINE, 1302 Lester Street, Poplar Bluff,
   Missouri. Editor, Duggie Fisher. Published bi-
   monthly. 15c per copy. 2 issues 25c. 10 issues $1.00.

    Jon Arfstrom's cover is certainly ODD enough even for this
  one—so much so that its symbolism eludes us utterly—but
  we liked it for all that. A couple of fair pieces of fanfition
  by Eugene DeWeese and Johnny McKarrian and Richard
  Elsberry's department nudge this one iust into the roster of
  the elect.

 RHODOMAGNETIC DIGEST, 2524 Telegraph Ave-
   nue, Berkeley 4, California. Editor. Donald Baker
   Moore. Published monthly. 25c per copy.

    Still a West Coast powerhouse, with David B. Koblick com-
  ing up this issue with an outstanding article ON COMMUNI-
  CATION WITH EXTRA-TERRESTRIALS and such well qualified
  experts on hand as Gladys Fabun, Editor Moore. Norman
  Stringer, George Blumenson, George Finiqen and others to
  tee off on such varied topics as ROCKETSHIP XM and iust
  about all pro and fanzines. Good stuff.

 SCIENCE FICTION NEWS LETTER, P. O. Box #260,
   Bloomington, Illinois. Editor. Bob Tucker. Published
   bi-monthly. 10c per copy.

    Note price reduction in this well-conceived and acid-tipped
  information 'zine, which is of at least as much interest to
  pros as to fans. Book and magazine reviews, fan-gossip and
  news of pro publishers, editors et al are first rate. Reduc-
  tion of price from two bits to a dime nofed and approved.

 SPACEWARP. 1057 S. Normandie Avenue, Loi An-
m geles 6, California. Editor, Charles Burbee. Pub-
lished monthly. 25c per copy.

    This seems to be a new and improved deal ell around for
  another B-list perennial, with Joe Kennedy taking the lead via
  a riotous memoir of some of his fanactivities of recent years.
  F. T Laney, Jack Speer, Walter Coslet. G. Gordon Dewey,
  Stu Metchette, Rick Sneery, Redd Boggs and Willie Conner

[Turn pageJ

RUPTURED?

 Get Relief This Proven Way

 Why try to worry along with trusses that gouge your
 flesh—press heavily on hips and spine—enlarge opening—
 fail to hold rupture T You need the Cluthe. No leg-straps
 or cutting belts. Automatic adjustable pad holds at real
 opening—follows every body movement with instant in-
 creased support In ease of strain. Cannot slip whether at
 work or play. Light. Waterproof. Can be worn in bath.
 Send for amazing FREE book, "Advice To Ruptured,” and
 details of liberal truthful 60-day trial offer. Also endorse-
 ments from grateful users in your neighborhood. Write:

 Cluthe Sons, Dept. 33, Bloomfield, New Jersey
NEW BODIES
   FOR OLD!

                                     THOMAS MANFRE
              'IVE mo a skinny, pepless, second-rate body—and
              J I'll cram It so full of handsome new muscles
              that your friends will jfrow bujr-eyed with amaze-
              ment. See what I did for Thomas Manfre (above).
              Let me ahow you what I'vo dono for thousands of
              others—and let me provo what I can do for you,
              in just 15 minutes a day.

 FREE BOOK. Send your name, address for
 48-PC. illustrated book filled
 with valuable advice, actual
 CHARLES ATLAS photos of men who irot hand-,
 eomo new bodies my way. Yours ABSOLUTELY •

 FREEI Address mo personally:

CHARLES ATLAS, Dept. 278C, 115 E. 23rd St., N. Y.

IWrMSTOP TOBACCO?

  Banish Ihe craving lor tobacco as thousands
  have mill Tobacco Redeemer. Write tor free book-
  let telling ol injurious (lied ol tobacco and
  ol a trealmenl which has relieved many men.

  In Business Since 1909
  300,000 Satisfied Customers
  THE NEWELL COMPANY

&

 153 Clayton Sta., St. Louis 6. Mo.

I

I

I

I

I

I

I

1

Don’t mistake eczema
for the stubborn ugly,
embarrassing scaly skin
disease Psoriasis. Apply
non-staining Dormoil.

Thousands do for scaly

 rls on body or scalp.

 tcful users, often after __ __

  years of suffering’, report
  the scales have gone, tho	^

  red patches Kradually disappeared and
  they enjoyed tho thrill of a clear skin ag

     - it yourself no matter
  bow long you have suffered
  Dr what you havo tried.
  Beautiful book on psoria-
  sis and Dermoil with
  amazing, true photo-
  graphic proof of results
  FREE. Write for it.

 SEND FOP

 GENEROUS
 TRI&L
 SIZE

 is used by many doctors and’ is‘backed

definite benefit in 2 weeks or money li

 ment to iriv

 funded u- i thou t quest ton" Send 10c (sumps o‘r eo'inT'for'
 erous trial bottle to make our famoua"One Spot Test”.Test
 it yourself. Results may surprise you. Write today for your
 tent bottJe. Caution: JUse only as directed. Print nnmo
 plainly. Don t delay. Sold by Liggett and Walgreen Drug
 ol°wr'otherJead.ng Dnjgglsts. LAKE LABORATORIES.
 Box 3925, Strathmoor Station, Dept. 350, Detroit 27, Mich.

r&.

  In. Dermoil
  a positive acree-

faffer Varico^

LEG JORES?

             IP you suffer rain and misery of Varicose Ulcers.
  „ .. . _?r Open Sores, send away at once tor FRKH
  Boolilet "THE I.IEPE METHODS FOR HOME USE."
  Tells all about this 40-year-old method, praised and en-
  dorsed by thousands. Llepe Methods. Dept. C-34

 3284 N. Green Bay Ave., Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

 f	MAKE $35-545 A WEEK

                 .You can leam practical nursing at
                 homo In spare time. Course endorsed
                 by physicians. Thousands of graduates.
                 62nd sr. One graduate has charge of
                 10-bed hospital. Another saved 1400
                 while learning. Equipment Included.
                 _ .	Men. women 18 to 60. High school not

required. Easy tuition payments. Trial plan. Write today.
CHICAGO SCHOOL OF NURSING

Dept. 423, 41 East Pearson street, Chicago 11. lit.
riea&e fiend frco booklet, and 10 aamplo lesson pages.

Name_________

 City-Stale .. . Age ..

 are also on hand to make this a big bargain all-star fanissue.
 And the Rotsler artwork is funny.

 TORQUASIAN TIMES. 1041 Cayuga Street, Sant»
   Cruz, California. Editor, R. Hewitt Reneau. Pub-
   lished irregularly. 20c per copy.

   A newcomer which has pulled something of a coup by ac-
 quiring a Ray Bradbury short short story for its lead. The
 rest is a bit juvenile save for a rugged stf quiz but RB
 keeps TT up in the list of ten.

Other Fan Mags

   Which brings us down to our lesser list-
 ings, to wit—

 AD-O-ZINE, published in Pennsylvania. Editor, W. C. Butts.
 Published bi-monthly. 5c per copy.

 BABEL, 415 Simpson Avenue, Aberdeen. Washington. Editor.
 T. Daniel. Published monthly. No price listed.

 BOBOLINGS, 6001 43rd Avenue, Hyattsville, Pennsylvania.
 Editor, Bob Pavlat. Published quarterly. No price listed.
 CATACLYSM, 561 W. Western Avenue, Muskegon, Michigan.
 Editors, Robert E. Briney and Del Close. Published irregularly
 10c per copy.

 CHALLENGE, Avalon World Arts Academy, Rogers, Arkansas.
 Editor, Lilith Lorraine. Published quarterly. 30c per copy.
 DESTINY, 545 N.E. San Rafael, Portland 12, Oregon. Editors,
 Jim Bradley and Malcolm Willits. Published quarterly. 15c

 per copy.

 EGOBOO, The Nekromantikon Press, 1905 Spruce Avenue,
 Kansas City I, Missouri. Free on request.

 FANATIC, SW Hill and Hanover Streets, Charleston, South
 Carolina. Editor, Bobby Pope. Published quarterly. 4 issues
 50c.

 FAN-FARE, 119 Ward Road North Tonawanda, New York.
 Editor, W. Paul Ganley. Published bi-monthly. 15c per copy,
 6 Issues 65c.

 FAN-VET, 409 Market Street, Paterson 3, New Jersey. Editors.
 James V. Taurasi and Ray Van Houten. Published monthly.
 No price listed.

 JOURNAL OF SPACE FLIGHT & ROCKET NEWS LETTER.
 10630 South St. Louis Avenue, Chicago 43, Illinois. Editor,
 Wayne Proell. Published monthly. 25c per copy, $2.25 per
 annum.

 LEER, 402 Bristol Street, Moanalua Housing, Honolulu 18.
 T. H. Editor, Charles Lee Riddle, PNl, USN. Published ir-
 regularly. No price listed.

 PEON, Fleet All Weather Training Unit Pacific, c/o Fleet
 Post Office, San Francisco, California. Editor, Charles Lee
 Riddle, PNl, USN. Published bi-monthly. 9 issues $1.00.
 PROCYON, P.O. Box No. 1565, Billings, Montana. Editor,
 Wallace Shore. Published monthly. No price listed.
 QUANDRY, 101 Wagner Street, Savannah, Georgia. Editor,
 U. N. Listed. Published monthly. 10c per copy, $1.00 per
 annum.

 SAPSIDES,. 3317 West 67th Street, Seattle 7 Washington.
 Editor, William N. Austin. Published irregularly. 10c per
 copy.

 SCIENCE & SCIENCE FANTASY FICTION REVIEW, 7312
 Boulevard East, North Bergen, New Jersey. Editor, Calvin
 Thomas Beck. Published irregularly. 15c per copy. 2 issues 25c.
 SEETEE, 3046 Jackson Street, San Francisco 15, California.
 Editor, William D. Knapheide. Published monthly. 10c per
 copy.

 SPACESHIP 10 760 Montgomery Street Brooklyn 13, New

 York, fcditors, Bob Silverberg and Saul Diskin. Published bi-
 monthly. 10c per copy, 3 issues 25c.

 STAR ROVER. 232 James Street Perth, Western Australia.
 Editor, Roger N. Dard. Published quarterly. 10c per copy.
 STFCARD, P.O. Box No. 6, Helena. Montana. Editor, Walter
 A, Coslet. Published weekly, 20 copies 50c, $1.00 per annum.
 STF NEWSSCOPE, 43 Tremont Street. Malden 48. Massa-
 chusetts. Editor, Lawrence Ray Campbell. Published monthly.
 5c per copy, 50c per annum.

 WESTERN STAR,. 1534 Grant Avenue, San Francisco II, Cali-
 fornia. Editor, Jim Kepner. Published monthly. 10c per copy.
 6 issues 50c.

   All in all, one of the largest and most
interesting fanzine lists we have ever dealt
with. Please keep them coming. Contrary
to certain beliefs in certain quarters we do
like to give praise where praise is due.

—THE EDITOR

156
SCIENCE FICTION

Bookshelf

REVIEWS OF NEW BOOKS

 1984 by George Orwell, Signet Books, New York (25c).

   To us by far the most important single
appearance of the most prolific month to
date in stfantasy publishing is the appear-
ance of the late George Orwell’s great novel
in 25c form. Since this terrifying and mag-
nificent conception of the blind alley into
which current trends, social, military and

 political may lead us—some say are leading
 us—has already been reviewed to a crisp
 dark brown, we shall here give it no more
 than an enthusiastic re-indorsement.

   Suffice it to say that those who don’t seize
 upon this opportunity to read or reread the
 appalling tragedy of Winston Smith, Julia
 and O’Brien under the aegis of the all-per-
 vasive Big Brother should have their heads
 and emotions examined. One of the great
 books of our time—and one of the few great
 books of all time with definite stf interest.

 THE MAN WHO SOLD THE MOON by Robert A.
 Heinlein, Shasta Publishers, Chicago ($3.00).

   An extroadinarily interesting volume,
 composed of a half dozen of Mr. Heinlein’s
 famed “future history” series (its inaugural
 studies), which depict with enormous con-
 viction the progress of man from his dis-
 ordered present into a future which, though
 still plenty disorderly, manages to take him
 ultimately to the stars after a number of
 false starts and failures.

   A number of the stories included, parti-
 cularly The Roads Must Roll, have been
 previously anthologized but their author

[Turn page]

IM*»

7

                   TRAIN QUICKLY!
          [OLDEST, BEST EQUIPPEDI
          SCHOOL of ITS KIND in U.S.I

Student rf-Uuutce Pla*t\

 Come to the Great Shops of <

 52nd Year 1 Get Quick, practi

 SION-RADIO or ELECTRICITY. 1 Approved.*
 Finance plan lor non-veterans. Mall Coupon Today I
 for complete details.

NOT “HOME-STUDY” COURSES!!

 You learn on real, full-size equipment, not by mall. I
 Finest staff of trained instructors to help you get!
 teady quickly for a better job, a fine future,
 tore nnnu Clip coupon for big Illustrated I

 riltc DUUI* Coynobook. Check whether inter-1

ested in one or both opportunity fields. No
. will calf. Act NOW I

 DO salesman \
 Co yn

 -An Initliutlon mot »#r Pr»Mt

 . B. W. COOKC, Prss.

 I COYNE Electrical & Television-Radie School.

. 500 S. Paulina St.. Chicago 12. IR. Dipt. 31-S4K |

 • Send FREE BOOK and full details on:

D ELECTRICITY |

 | □ TELEVISION-RADIO

 I

NAME.

 I

 ADDRESS .

im..

 STATE_

 ys/nt* nts*

      relief with Dent'i. Use Dent's Tooth Gum
or Dent's Tooth Drops for covity loothoches.
<Jje Dent's Oentol Poultice for poln or sots-
ness In gums or teeth. Al oil drug stores.

                             TOOTH GUM
                             TOOTH DROPS
                             DENIAL POULTICE

Learn BAKING At Home

 Baking Is one of America’s high industries In wage#.

 Nearly i depression-proof. Thorough baste home course w. __
 lays sound foundation. If yon have aptitude, write for itT"*
 FREEBOOKLET/'OpportunitlesIn CommercialBak!ng."lNp/

  HATIONAI BAKINS SCHOOL, 835Daiiaytobtv, Dept. ISO. CiiajB W,III

Store Route Plan
PAYS BIG MONEY

SHU COUNTER CARO PRODUCTS

 Build a eood-psylng business of your own. Csll
 on dealers of atl kinds: show nstlonstty-sdvcr-
 tlsed Aspirin, Cosmetic*, Razor Blades and 200
 necessities. Big: Sc and

 other r

_____________J 10c retail oackagc*

 Itty. Attractive counter dl*Pji»y« wl
 :ts. write i

_________*• book gt.es amacln* facts.

World's Products Co., Cent. 73-T, «»enetr, ma.

IS?
  EAT ANYTHING

WITH

  FALSE TEETH!

Com-on-thc-cob, hard candy, nuts
• you can eat them all! Simply lay
ift strip of Brimms Plasti-Liner

unra

on upper, lower or partial plate.

Bite and it molds perfectly. Your
plate fits snugly and stays that way
because Brimms Plasti-Liner hard-
ens permanently to your plate. Even
on old rubber plates get good re-
sults six months to ayearorlonger.

EASY TO REFIT OR

TIGHTEN FALSE TEETH	__

    One application gives instant relief from slipping,
    rocking plates that causc sore gums. You can talk
    without embarrassment. Forget temporary "stick-
    ums to hold plates in. Tasteless, odorless, harmless
    to you and your plates. Removable according to
    directions. Money back if not completely satisfied.

SENDN0M0NEYo°SfeSi°urw^

\y postman when delivered. Or send money and
O. p. charges. Also available at leading drug
sample or plate cleaner freo if you act now.

 per. Pay
 •ave C,

 stores, sample or plate cleaner freo if you act i
 PLASTI-LINER COMPANY, Buffalo 11. N.Y.. Dep!.47-H

 Brimms PLASTI-LINER

  The Permanent Denture Reliner

SEND
FOR THIS

fBEB!

         Make motiey. Know how to break »nd
  train borons. Writs todav for this boot
  FItBE. together with special offer of
  a course In Animal Breeding. It you
  are Interested In Galtlng and Biding tie Bad dig
  horse, check here ( ) Do <1 today—now.

 BEERY SCHOOLOF HORSEMANSHIP
 Dept. 823	Pleasant Hill, Ohio

SAVE FOR YOUR INDEPENDENCE

BUY U. S. SAVINGS BONDS!

STATEMENT OF THE OWNERSHIP. MANAGE-
MENT, AND CIRCULATION REQUIRED BY THE
ACT OE CONGRESS OF AUGUST 24. 1912, AS
AMENDED BY THE ACTS OF MARCH 3. 1933, AND
JULY 2, 1946, of Startling Stories, published bi-monthly
at Springfield, Mass., for October 1, 1950. 1. The names
and addresses of the publisher, editor, managing editor,
and business managers are: Publisher, Better Publications,
Inc., 10 E. 40th St., New York. N. Y. Editor, None. Man-
aging editor. None. Business manager. H. L. Herbert.
10 E. 40th St., New York, N. Y. 2. The owner is: Better
Publications, Inc., 10 E. 40th St., New York, N. Y. N. L.
Pines, 10 E. 40th St., New York. N. Y. 3. The known bond-
holders, mortgagees, and other security holders owning or
holding 1 percent or more of total amount of bonds, mort-
gages. or other securities are: None. 4. Paragraphs 2 and 3
include, in cases where the stockholder or security holder
appears upon the books of the company as trustee or in
any other fiduciary relation, the name of the person or
corporation for whom such trustee is acting: also the
statements in the two paragraphs show the affiant's full
knowledge and belief as to the circumstances and condi-
tions under which stockholders and security holders who
do not appear upon the books of the company as trustees,
hold stock and securities in a capacity other than that of
a bona fide owner. H. L. Herbert. Sworn to and sub-
scribed before me this 1st day of October. 1950. Eugene
Wechsler, Notary Public. (My commission expires March
30, 1952).

is one whose best work (and this is his best
work) stands up beautifully under the acid
test of rereading. But to us a previously un-
seen effort, the short novel from which the
title is derived, is the standout.

  Delos D. Harriman, the man who man-
ages to get first others and then finally—
and almost too late—himself to Earth’s
atellite, is a fascinating character, combin-
ing candor and the unceasing urge to follow
a dream to its end with humor and a
professional deviousness that Machiavelli
might have envied.

  He gets to the Moon—yes. But in order
to do so he has to involve himself and his
hard-shelled colleagues in a series of pro-
motional pyramids that are reminiscent, if
far more skilful, than those indulged in by
the late Samuel Insull. The story is remark-
able not only for its human appeal but for
the ingenious and loving care lavished on
the mechanics of quasi-legal big-business.

  A fine adult job all the way.

THE HOUSE THAT STOOD STILL by A. E. van Vogt,
Greenberg, Publisher, New York ($2.50).

  This is an odd piece of fantasy—which
manages to straddle the two poles of mys-
tery and science fiction. It deals with an
ancient mansion on a California hilltop
which was standing there long before the
Conquistadores appeared from the south to
take over its occupance and concomitant rule
of the surrounding countryside.

  It has remained in the Americanized
hands of descendants of the Spanish oc-
cupiers and is run through an agent, Allison
Stephens, an ex-Marine, who soon finds him-
self up to his neck in bodies (quick and
dead), ancient mysteries, cabals of the pres-
ent and one Mistra Lanett, a sort of eternal
woman (apologies to Mrs. D. D. Sharp).

  What it is all about remains obscure to
Stephens and in large part to the reader
until, at the story’s end, the true nature of
the ancient house is unveiled. This is a tour
de force, packed with unsuspected surprises
we have no intention of revealing here. If
the story has a tendency to fall at times
between its mystery and science fiction anti*
podes—well, for the most part it holds inter-
est if not a great deal of sense.

THE DREAMING JEWELS by Theodore Sturgeon,
Greenberg, Publisher, New York ($2.50).

  A fascinating and very unusual story as
Mr. Sturgeon tells us of young Horty Bluett,
the boy who seems to those who know him

158
 to have anteater blood. Horty knew he was
 “different,” of course—but was not aware
 of the extent of his variance from the hu-
 man norm until he lost, horribly, three
 fingers from one of his hands.

   The fingers grew back by themselves and
 Horty began to get the idea. From then on
 he went in search of his fate, a fate inex-
 tricably involved with the alien jewles that
 were not jewels at all, with number of
 strange men and women in a number of
 strange environments, including a travel-
 ing freak show.

   Mr. Sturgeon has built his story upon a
 solid interweaving of conflicts and charac-
 ters that cause it to build almost unbear-
 ably to a climax which, in suspense and vivid
 bizarreness reminds one inescapably of
 something Alfred Hitchcock might have
 tackled via the movies but has not yet so
 done. A swell story.

 CONAN THE CONQUEROR by Robert E. Howard,
 Gnome Press. New York ($2.75).

   This is a neo-Arthurian saga of the color-
 ful derring-dos of an age of magic and
 chivalry existing in some phantom era be-
 fore the continents of Earth divided up to
 form the present land-masses. Conan, its
 principal figure, is a prime adventurer who
 has won himself a kingdom and must regain
 it after being dislodged by rival rulers with
 the aid of an evil sorcerer brought back
 from the dead by a miraculous precious
 stone.

   He does so but only after a series of hair-
 raising episodes, which see him roving much
 of the globe, first to learn of the stone, then
 to recover it, then to use it against his be-
 trayers. There is considerable lusty humor
 to lighten the heavy load of super-hoboing
 and a fine inside-cover map by David Kyle
 to make the weird geography understand-
 able. Swell stuff for a rainy night.

 THE GREEN MAN OF GRAYPEC by Festus Bragnell,
 Greenberg, Publisher, New Yorlt ($2.50).

   We have often wondered what happens
 to former tennis champions when they van-
 ish from the limelight. Mr. Pragnell here
 tells us of what happened to one of them at
 any rate, Learoy Spofford, when he paid a
 visit to his scientist brother and gets in-
 ducted thereby into the world of the atom.

   One of the most popular of all stories
 published in the Hugo Gernsback WONDER

[Turn page]

  You need a high school diploma to get
  ahead! Earn yours in months thru
  home study. Equals rosident work.
  Saves time. College prep. Texts
  supplied. Credit for work else-
  where. Easy terms. Write todayI

COMMERCIAL TRADES INSTITUTE

1400 Oroonloof.. BgigM* Chicago 26

BIG MONEY IN SPARE TIME.TOO

 xnnt you to m*r this too m»d«-to-mtnar« «o(t>
 Make it youra by Bending* a few orders, and earn BIG
 CASH PROFITS in »pare time. Your suit will help

  Eou pet more orders with over 100 rich, quality fabrics*
  illored-to-measure to newest styles. Also Ladles' Tailor*

  SSuita—complete line. Writ* today for FREE 6AMPLE9.
  experience, no money needed. For <iulck action tell
  tuabouty.uri elf. J. c. FIELD & SON, '

  H<rriioo and Throop st».. Oept. Q-187T,

AND

wan

 LOOK

for Rupture Help

 Try a Brooks Patented Air
 Cushion appliance. This mar-
 velous inventionfor most forms
 of reducible rupture is GUAR-
 ANTEED to brine YOU heav-
 enly comfort ana security—
 day and niftht—at work and

 . For men,

’ le

et.____

Proof of Results.Steady for you NOW!

Not sold in! stores.
Free Book on Rur

   Senl on trial to prove it:

__i of imitations. Write for

no-risk trial order plan, end

 BROOKS APPLIANCE CO., 183-J Stale Sf.,Manhill. Mich.

                       [religious and nursery objects, etc.
                       Largo manufacturer. Enormous de-
                       mand. Sell on sight. Write et once
                       ’for FREE SAMPLES.

                MADISON MILLS. Dept. T-1S

—.....— »03 Fourth Av». NttV YORK 10, W.Y.

BE A DETECTIVE

 WORK HOME or TRAVEL. Experience unnecessary.
 DETECTIVE Particulars FREE. Write
 CEO. T. H. WAGNER, 125 W. 86th St, N. Y.

it A

STARTS YOU
IN BUSINESS

tansiw <

 per do*.

                     — 8»nd Only
        . __________Quality Tl«»

    Spc-oial group top value fl.00 Mltosl
 Y direct from manufacturer. Now only
 _ f7.10 per dot. your cMh profit J4 80
 EcguUr SI.50 and uu values. Now designs.

 -ci —vi ~r-—r •---->—-r ■——• designs, expert workmin-

  6hip. Lined att both ends, 100Co wool interlioinirrSfoney-inaking op-
  porumny supreme. Act now] We pay postage. Monev back cuarantee.
  PHILIP'S NECKWEAR. 20 W. ZtZSsZ Dept. 7l07rte^rk 10. W. Y.

 f

 DO YOU NEED MONEY? |

■	$40.00 IS YOURS-

 I	for selling only 60 boxes of our 200

 I	greeting card line. And this can be

 ■	done in a single day. Free samples.

 |	Other leading boxes on approval. Many

 I

 FREE

 SAMPLES

   Per localized
   STATIONERY
   & NAPKINS

 surprise items. It costa nothing to try. Write today.

 CHEERFUL CARD CO., Dept. AM-1, While Plains. N. Y.

I

159
HEART ATTACK OR
INDIGESTION?

THANK HEAVENS! Most attacks are Just acid indigestion.
When it strikes, take Bell-ana tablets. They contain the
fastest-acting: medicines known to doctors for the relief of
heartburn, gas and similar distress. 251. _

Be aDETECTIY

A CHALLENGE FROM WASHINGTON D.C.! Ml

vsjpissss

TOL (ccnter of law wforctmwt) by tprmer U.3.

GOVT. AcSjT and NAVAL ^TOXIOENCK pmcW
expose* actual methods used by Criminals. Wrlto for
free BOOK, staio ace.

IHTERNATIONAL DETECTIVE TRAINING SCH001

1701 Monroe St.. N.E. Dept. 193 WoiMngtan 18, P. C.

 Amazing Chemical Milt

AUTO WASHER

 A ato washed in H time. PRESTO!

SAMPLES TO INTRODUCE

      offer pent Immediately to mil who
               . Horry, port inlwilldo.
               EV — Jutt your name.

KRISTEE CO., Dept. 1497. Akron 8,0.

Piles May Lead to
     Associated Ailments

    FREE BOOK Explains Causes,
    Effects and Treatment

 If you hove Piles, Fistula, rectal abscess or any rectal or
 colon disorder—here is good news.

Avoid
Dangers
f Delay

  Write today—McCleary Clinic and Hospital, 397 Elm9
Blvd., Excelsior Springs, Mo.—for your FREE copy of their
164 page, illustrated book.

OLD LEG SORES

1

isy to nao Viscose Homo Method. Heals many ok*
»g sores caused by leg congestion, wi«jj
twollen legs and Iniurief or no costfor Wai int
falls to show results in 10 days, VcscrUM r>Q/
Uroabloand get a FRER BOOK.

T. G. VISCOSE COMPANY
140 N. Dearborn St. Chicago 2, III.

*»★★★*★*★**★★★★** **** kk-k-kick-k-k'k**

BE GUIDED BY THE STARS

☆

YOUR DAILY HOROSCOPE

APPEARS IN EVERY ISSUE OF

EVERYDAY ASTROLOGY

Nov/ on Sale — 25c af All Stands!

****************

STORIES, THE GREEN MAN OF
GRAYPEC’s stubborn survival in the favor
of science fiction fans is easily explained by
its long-awaited publication between hard
covers. An epic stf-adventure story with
plenty of heavy pseudo-science to carry the
mail and some of the most fantastic BEMs
ever cooked up by any author ever. Fast
and exciting all the way.

Dollar Reprints

  Of vast interest to stf fans and of po-
tentially vast importance to the work of
widening the science fiction reading public
is the appearance of the first four $1.00
volumes of stfantasy classics to be put out
by Grosset & Dunlap, most famous of all
hard-cover reprint publishers. They in-
clude—

THE WORD OF A by A. E. van Vogt, the
epic of non-Aristotelianism (A—or null-A)
and general semantics which narrates the
amazingly ubiquitous saga of Gilbert Gosseyn
(a sort of one-man trio) in an anarchic Solar
System that is far from ideal despite vast
future advances.

FURY by Henry Kuttner, a fine alien fantasy
of the problems of Immortal Sam Reed amid
the undersea citadels of Venus in a day when
Earth has been for ages an atomized dust-pule.

THE ISLAND OF CAPTAIN SPARROW by

S.	Fowler Wright, in which a doomed-to-death-
by-disease Englishman, Charlton Foyle, finds
refuge on an uncharted Pacific island inhabited
not only by savage descendants of 19th-century
pirates and a beautiful French refugee but by
Satyrs and the remaining scions of a race of
ancients from whom came the Greeks.

THE HUMANOIDS by Jack Williamson,
rather frightening tale of galactic future-cul-
ture in which mankind has all sorts of trouble
with robots and needs a flock of psi qualities
to even the score to say nothing of the social
•structure.

  All in all the most memorable month in
our several years as a science fiction and
fantasy book reviewer. We hope it is but a
forerunner of what lies ahead.

—THE EDITOR

ENTERTAINMENT ON EVERY PAGE
OF

VARIETY CROSSWORD
PUZZLES

NOW ON SALE—25c AT ALL STANDSI

160
LOOKING AHEAD

  A

Forecast

    of

 Good

Reading

 ONE of the most distinguished authors
 on the current American literary
 scene returns in May to an early love—
 science fiction. And in THE SEED FROM
 SPACE Fletcher Pratt has written a novel
 so different not only in concept but in solu-
 tion, so well plotted and geared for suspense,
 so ingenious in theme and humanly charac-
 terized that it may well be our novel of the
 year.

   Mr. Pratt, whose writings in recent years,
 when non-factual, have been directed more
 toward fantasy than science fiction proper,
 has here attacked a pure pseudo-scientific
 problem based on modern laboratory reality,
 has followed it through to a conclusion so
 unexpected, so vast and so inescapably terri-
 fying that it is going to disturb a lot of
 well-earned rest and spoil a goodly number
 of bucolic outings this summer.

   Along with this arresting theme Mr.
 Pratt has come up with some of the most
 clear-cut and completely human characters
 that we have had the pleasure of meeting
 in manuscript for too many moons. Slater
 and Angelus, Wright and Belle and Yump-
 ing Yiminy and the baffled Inez are going
 to be people you know very well indeed—and
 not all of them are going to be your friends.

Atomic Space-Writing

   To balance a thoroughly unusual novel we
 have come up with an equally unusual long
 novelet, LETTERS OF FIRE by Matt Lee.
 This is a story of a near future that finds
 Earth, fed to the teeth with the privations
 of ideological conflict, interested not only
 in security but in entertainment—with

[Turn page]

CARBURETOR TOO RICH

 MAKES MOTORIST TOO POOR

 Car owners who m wasting money and not eettin*

  . .... .

                                       aave

                     __;ores

  ________....____lad t

     automatic and operates oo tho

“	•••BMW*	OUU UV

proper gas miluca do* to over-rich

by VA_____________

MATIC fits all ears. tracks

II be pi eased to learn bow to save gasoline
VACQ-MATING over-rich mixtures. VACU-

tractors. It Is

                       principle. Easily initalledln a few mtngUfc8*
                       SALESMEN WANTED! Big ProBtsI

 Send Dame, address on penny postcard for /r*s
 particulars and how to gat your* (or Introducing.
 VACO-MATIC CO., 7817.1707 W. State St, WAUWATOSA, Wlf.

MAKE EXTRA MCMFy -9*

EVERY BUSINESS EVERYWHERE
USES UNION LABEL BOOK MATCHES

 No experience needed to earn big dally commissions.
 Be a direct factory representative of the world'a lamest
 exclusive UNION LABELBook Match manufacturer
 Prospects everywhere. Feature
 Glamour Girls, Hillbillies,
 seenics and dozens of other
 styles—Doable Books—Jambo
 Books—nearly 100 color combi-
 nations. New, bigger portfolio
 makes this fastest selling Una
 a real proBt maker for yon.

 Write TODAY for foil details.

SUPERIOR MATCH CO.

  , Dept. 7928 S. GreenwoodAv#.,Chicago 19. Illinois
  West Coatt Salesmen, wriu Box 1 OS 7. San Jose. CalH.

RUPTURE

                REUEf ...OR TOUR MONEY BACK

               Simple, easy to wear truss
               made by old surgical house.
               You risk nothing. Write for
               Jree booklet Don't delay.

               ’ Dept.TF-3 Higtrstown, M&

NEW!

SENSATIONAL DEVICE
ENABLES ANYONE TO TEST

       OWN
       EYES

         RIGHT AT HOME

_	SAVE up to $15.00 on Glassoa

                          Bi* News to the millions of Spectacle
 \	Wearers and Prospects. Mesas Freedom

 I /. / (cA from Outrageous Prices. Perfect Satis-
                     faction Guaranteed I No Bisk I

FREE SAMPt* kit. **" MONIY QUICK With

                 IT; £™<1 tit Free Sample at once. Show It
to friends and others. Let tbom use It Free and witch their amaze.
SSL0!*	system of Belf TMtlng. Her* Is a great new oppor-

JSS),7.111 ■JP5239US <“>•' Mi of unlimited possibilities. Spare or
fall time. No experlmoo or capital needed. Act Quick I

 ClarK Optical Co., Dept A-230,1148 W. Chicago Are., Chicago 22

   iSet /nto &ooc/

AUTO BOUYWFENDER WORK'

 Bis demand In Auto Body and Fender
 Work. SUrt training now spare tfma
 k. Practical
 .U.EJ.

                  In?, painting, etc. Placement service
                  I ’—or wo will show you how to start
                  our own Bbop. Behind U. E. I.
                  RAINJNGI3 alargo national or-
                  anlzatlon t ounded 1927. Write to-
                  sy for FREE facts—no obi I Ration.
                  Aoto-Cratts Division, UTILITIES ENGINEERING INSTITUTE

3923 SHIFFIILP AVfc, OBIT. XR-O, CHICASO IS, IU.

Wriffor'
/acts

 161
PRACTICAL ^
■V ELECTRICITY

               AUDELS HANDY BOOK OF
               PRACTICAL ELECTRICITY for

                        Maintenance Engineers, Electricians
                        end All Electrical Workers. A quick,
                        simplified, ready reference book, {jiv-
                        ing comploto Instruction & practical
                        INSIDE TRADE

                         INFORMATION ON
 rules end IfiwS of electricity-malnten-
 ance of electrical machinery — A.C.
 and D.C. motors — armature winding
 ond repair—wiring diagrams—house
 wiring - power wiring—cable splicing
 — meters — batteries — transformers
 1 •• elevators — elcctric
 cranes — railways
 bells—sign flashers—tele-
 phone—Ignition— ra-
 dio principles — refrigeration
 — air conditioning — oil burners
 — air compressors — welding gnd
 1440 PAGES many modern applications «*■

2600 ULUS. P,a,nac, so you e°n understand.

              Indexed for ready reference.

 « M COMPLETE • PAY $1 A MONTH

All TO GET THIS ASSISTANCE FOR YOURSELF

• SIMPLY FILL IN AND MAIL COUPON TODAY.

  Btepupyonrown skill withthefacts and fteuresofyonrtrade. Audela
  Mechanics Guides contain Practical Insluo Trade Information In a

 ■	•	.... JJQ.

READ FOR
PROFITI

V

Check

NOW!

  Yoa Can
  Look Over
  Any Gaide
  In Yoar
  Own Home

  Start the
  Eaty Pay-
  ment» If
  SatUfied

MAIL

 THIS

 TO PAY

V

  Occupation__

  Employed by._

 ■ ■■CUT HEREaBMBBi'in

MAIL ORDER

 AUDEL« Publishers, 43 W. 23 St, J??.K

  Please sond mo postpaid for FREE EXAMINATION book*
  marked 00 below. II I decide to keep thorn I a^reo to
  mall SI In 7 Days on each book or sot ordered and
  further mall $1 monthly on aach book or act until I
  hovo paid prke, otherwise I will return thom.

  □	HANDY BOOK OF ELECTRICITY, 1440 Pages. .$	4

  □	ELECTRICIANS EXAMINATIONS, 250 Pages. .	1

  □	ELECTRIC WIRING DIAGRAMS. 272 Pages ..	1

 □	ELECTRICDICTIONARV, 9000 Terms.....2

  □	ELECTRIC MOTOR GUIDE, 1000 Pages ....	4

  □	ELECTRIC POWER CALCULATIONS, 425 Pages.	2

 □	RADIOMANS GUIDE. 914 Pages.......4

 □	ELECTRONICDEVICES, 216 Pages......2

  □	ELECTRIC LIBRARY, 7000 Pages (12 Book Set)	18

 □	MACHINISTSHANDY BOOK »i 1650 Pgs...	4

 □	WELDERS GUIDE. 400 Pages........1

 □	BLUE PRINT READING, 416 Pages.....2

  □	MATHEMATICS & CALCULATIONS, 700 Pages.	2

  □	SHEET METAL PATTERN LAYOUTS. 1100 Pages	4

  □	SHEET METAL WORKERS HANDY BOOK, 388 PgS;	1

  □	MECHANICALDRAWINQ GUIDE, 160 Pages . .	1

  □	MECHANICAL DRAWING & DESIGN, 480 Pages	2

  □	AUTOMOBILE MECHANICS GUIDE, 1800 Pages	4

 □	DIESEL ENGINE MANUAL 675 Pages ....	2

 □	AIRCRAFT WORKER, 240 Pages.......1

  □	MARINE ENGINEERS HANDY BOOK, 1258 Pgs.	4

  □	SHIPFITTERS HANDY BOOK, 250 Pages . . .	1

  □	REFRIGERATION & Air Conditioning. 1280 Pgs;	4

  □	MILLWRIGHTS&MECHANICSGUIDE, 1200Pgs.	4

  □	POWER PUNT ENGINEERS GUIDE, 1500 Pages	4

  □	ENGINEERS & FIREMANS EXAMS, 525 Pages .	1

  □	PUMPS. Hydraulics & Air Compressors, 1658 Pgs.	4

 □	ENGINEERS LIBRARY (3Book Set).....9

  □	MECHANICAL DICTIONARY, 950 P3ges. ...	4

  □	GARDENERS & GROWERS GUIDES (4 Book Set)	6

  □	CARPENTERS&BUILDERSGUIDES(4BookSel)	6

  □	PLUMBERS & Steamfitters Guides (4 Book Set)	6

  □	MASONS AND BUILDERS GUIDES (4 Book Set)	6
  D PAINTERS & DECORATORS MANUAL.450Pgs.	2

 □	HOUSE HEATING GUIDE, 1000 Pages.....4

 □	OIL BURNER GUIDE, 384 Pages.......1

__THB

 what is now Hollywood its most important
 center both culturally and industrially.

   Vidar has replaced both the cinema and
 TV as big-time show-business and the com-
 petition is terrific, not to say stupendous
 and colossal. Result—one of the greatest of
 vidar stars comes up with atomic space-
 writing as an advertising stunt, thereby
 scoring a major scoop.

   Actually the results are more than any-
 one bargained on. For the sudden flare up
 of artificial space-writing brings Earth,
 heretofore considered an uncivilized border
 planet, to the attention of both sides of the
 gigantic galactic Cold War that has ravaged
 the star-worlds for generations.

   At once agents from both sides, with re-
 markable equipment, seek to convey their
 Cold War to Earth. And one of these agents,
 Liza, a cute and utterly ruthless cookie, finds
 herself with a fight on her hands before the
 inevitable happens. An hilarious and in-
 genious satire, the best Lee story to date.

Captain Future Once More

   Also, come May SS, it will be time to say
 farewell again to a group of old friends,
 Curt Newton, Simon Wright, Grag, Otho,
 Simon Gurty, Joan Randall and the rest
 of the Futurefolk. For in a grand finale of
 a novelet, BIRTHPLACE OF CREATION,
 Edmond Hamilton rewraps the famed Cap-
 tain Future up for posterity.

   This series, which has appeared regular-
 ly in SS during that past year and a quar-
 ter, has brought back to modern stf a ma-
 turer Captain Future whose ultimate publi-
 cation in book form should be more or less
 inevitable. But Mr. Hamilton would prefer
 to tackle other characters and other themes
 and we have no intention of saying him nay.

   Short stories—yes, and plenty of them.
 Our roster remains solid and even outstand-
 ing in spots. So look for a full fat issue of
 fine stf in May. It appears to be a highly
 promising edition.

—THE EDITOR.

Read Our Companion Magazines

THRILLBNG WONDER STORIES

and

FANTASTIC STORY QUARTERLY

and watch for the 1951

WONDER STORY ANNUAL

162
that's Sorayberry Training ... tho courso
20 years of association with tho Radio-

          Namo

             Address

VETERANS: My Radio
Training it Approved
for Veteran a.

Repair. In a word . .
hacked by more than
Television Industry!

My Famous Training System Prepares You
Double Quick For a Good Job or Your Own
Profitable Radio-Television Business

              Radio-Television is now America's greatest opportunity
              field 1 Trained men are needed to fill good jobs and
              handle profitable Radio-Television Service work. I have
              trained hundreds of rcen for success in Radio-Television
              —and 1 stand ready to Train you too. even if you hav«
              no previous experience. My training Is 100% practical—
              designed to give you the knowledge and experience you
              need to make money in Radio-Television in tho shortest
              possible lime. I Train you with up-to-tho-second revised
              lessons—-PLUS many big kits of Radio-Television equip-
              ment. \otl actually do over 300 demonstrations, experi-
              ments and construction projects. In addition, you build
              a Powerful O-tube-2-band radio, a multi-range test
              meter and a complete Television receiver I All equipment
              is YOURS TO KEEP.

EASY TO MAKE EXTRA MONEY WHILE YOU LEARN

You do al. row training with me AT HOME in spare hours. Keep
right on with vour present Job and income while learning—and earn
extra cash besides 1 The day you enroll I begin sending you plans and
Ideas for doing profitable sparo time Radio-TV work. Many of my
Spray berry students pay for their entire training this way! You Ret
Dnceiess experience and meny plans lor making extra money. You
:lld all your own Radlo-TV Test Equipment from parts I send you
—nothing else to buy. Just one moro reason why I believe I offer tho
ambitious man tho biggest value in top notch Radlo-TV Training
available anywhere in America today.

BE READY FOR TOP PAYING RADIO TELEVISION JOBS

Radio-Television is growing with amazing speed. More than 2000
Radio broadcasting stations PLUS an additional 102 Television sta-
tions aro now on tho air. Radio sets and TV receivers are being made
and sold in record breaking numbers. If you enjoy working with your
hands ... if you like to do interesting and varied work ... if you
really want to make good money and work in an industry that has a
future . . . YOU BELONG IN RADIO-TELEVISION.

............................... ...........«... But you

MUST havo good Training to "ra«h In” . . . the kind of training
that starts you out with basic fundamentals and carries you right
through every circuit and problem of Radio-Television Servicing and

FPPP 3 BIG RADIO AND
r il t t TELEVISION BOOKS

                     I want you to have ALL the facts about my
                     complete system of Radio-Telcvlslon Training)
                     Act now! Rush the coupon for mv three big
                     Radio-Telcvlslon book*: "How To Make Money
                     In Radio-Telcvlslon.'* PLUS my new Illus-
                     trated Television bulletin PLUS an actual
                     sample Sprayberry lesson—all FREE with
                     my compliments. No obligation and no
                     salesman will call on you. Send the cou-
                     pon In an envelope or paste on ba<*k of
                     post card. I will rush oil three books at
                     once!

Sprayberry Academy of
Radio, Dept. 5 U
111 North Canal St.. Chicago 6, III.

            SPRAYBERRY ACADEMY OF RADIO, Depl. 5-U
            111 North Canal St., Chicago 6, III.

Pleaae rush to me nil Information on your Radio- j
Television Training plan. I understand this does rot *
Obligate me and that no salesman will call upon me. I

IF YOU ARE EXPERIENCED In

Radio I’ll qualify you for Tai»>
vision in 4 to 8 week*. Ru»h
coupon.

  NO OBLIGATION

   No Salesman
   Will Call

City.......................State.........

  riease Cheek Below About Your Experlcnre
  □ Are *ou Experienced?	□ No Experience
VbOW'l YOU CAN MAKE MONEY. ••

TURNING WORTHLESS ORJECTS
INTO GOLDEN TREASURES—

 ... BY/U£TAi/ZWG/

HERE ARE JUST A FEW OF THE HUNDREDS OF ARTICLES THAT CAN BE RESTORED
BY REPLATING-INCREASED IN VALUE-OR "ETERNALIZED" AS KEEPSAKES WITH
A COATING OF EVERLASTING BRONZE, STERLING SILVER, OR 14 KARAT GOLD.

Metallxo basket*, plates,

ceramics and othor non-

Preserve sports and war
trophies In solid Bronze,

Metalira busts, fiqure, from
plaster cast or wood carvlngt.

 Metal plato object of glass,
 cloth, leather, plastic or rubber.

Make *500 An Hour For Your Spare Time!

Amazing book tellsyou how

HOW

to do th«* work—how
to get customers
coining to you—how
_ .	w to net up the simple

equipment — how and where to buy
the materials— what to charge — how
to Mart m spare time—howto expand

into a full lime hu«lne»* wh«*nrv*r you «i>h<
•>how» you in tdi-turrit unit word* how to put
a ronlirnf of [>ur« nictiil on such things aa
flower*. IrsvM. inneeta. ehrlU, wood c*rv.
Injn, plaster ca»tiuir». bu»u, atatues. rell-
jtiouft figure*. Imllons. basket*. feather*,
baseballs. *olf balls.mfmrnioesof ell kind*,
such as, baby *hn<-B. party anil weddm*
favors and d«-corations. OperaUnir a home
melaliilnff bu'inr*a Is on* of th«* *r.««test
insurance pollidr* a m»n could a*>k for his fu-
ture. Head about It without ri»kin* a i«nny.

OWN YOUR OWN HOME-OPERATED BUSINESS

  Think of turning 56 cent? worth of material* in- Injc. By this proeeas yon can replate worn object'

to a prolit of $.>.00 and over for iust a few minutes
of easily learned handiwork. Sounds fantastic?
... Yet it i3 absolutely true . . . AS YOU CAN
QUICKLY PROVE TO YOURSELF.

AN EXCITING NEW OPPORTUNITY

Ju.«t at n time when hundreds of men and women
would like to make an extra $35.00 to $50.00 a week
in spare time home work, the old — established —
and hiKh'Y profitable Mctcilizini; Business has been
turned into a home-work money-maker. Where
in the past a few biff companies have been mak-
ing fortunes, now hundreds of smaller home oper-
ators can become independent. I have ready to
send you a complete set of simple instructions
by which anyone — retrardlcSfl of age or educa-
tion — can learn the fascinating art of metallz-

 pen.*

 theii

in -ilvcr. copper, or real gold—you can chang*.
silver togoM by overplaying—you can even deposi'
a heavy coating of solid metal on non-metallii
objects such as baby shoes, golf balls, toys an-
other precious keepsakes —or you can take inex-
nslve articles and make them worth 10 to20 time*
r cost by jewel plating with precious mrtals

ALL THIS INFORMATION IS FREE

The information is free. A stamp brings you th*
details of the exact plan by which hundreds ar

NOW MAKING EXTRA MONEY EVERY

WEEK. Study it over. Analyze the possibilities
Then if you don't think It’s made to order foryo*
—your only loss is your 3c stamp. You can rea<
every fact, every secret «ten of thelnstnv*
'ions—all at mv

 NO "CATCH' TO THIS OFFER .D.°."7SEND ME *PEMHT

D

  Learn about this wonder-
  17 1 fill''Ace in the hole".Sec how
  AM you can start without risking
  job or pay check — how you
  can turnspare hours intogft.QO
  bills— how you can actually
  have fun makinKmoney in a business
  that all the family can help with. No
  charge now or at any time for the

 .Just Your Namel

 complete facts about this permanent
 lifetime business that has now opened
 its door to home operation. Scores of
 men and women have already started
 . . . Plenty of opportunity for hun-
 dreds more. BUT DON’T PUT IT
 OFF. Send your name and address
 TODAY ... It may open new hori-
 zons in your life.

 R. E. Branded, Warner Electric Co., 1512 Jarvis, Dept. 243, Chicago 26, III.

 R. E. Branded, Warner Electric Co.

 1512 Jarvle, Dept. 243 Chicago 26, III.

     Rush complete facts showing how the olu and I
 profitable Metalizing Business has now been con- I
 verted into a homework money-maker for full or ■
 spare time. No charge or obligation for the infor- |
 mation you send.

 Name.,

 Address. _

 Cilu.

Ctttt__________Zone.... Slatt---—J