MAGAj
y//OSTRl TIOH^

Drink a Toast to Our Armed Forces

No-Nick
Chip-Proof
Bevel Edge

Ideal for Beer,
Highballs, Water
and

Every Beverage

Full 10 Qz.

DRINKING COMPANIONS

for Readers of

THIS MAGAZINE

Patrotic ... Unique ... SO Different You‘11
Want to Take Advantage of This Coupon
Offer Now While Supplies Are Still Available

Just think! A matched set ol six, best-quality. biq
10-ounce Victory drinking glasses, and on a coupon
oiler so amazing it may never he duplicated.

What makes these glasses so amazingly unusual is
the lull color design, dillerent on each glass, saluting
each dillerent branch oi our armed forces . . . Army,
Navy. Marines, Air Corps, Coast Guard and even the
Defense Worker. ALL are "toasted" and honored.
There are TWO illustrations on EACH glass. We have
illustrated what you see frcm the f ont. You'll get a
real kick out ol the back view, when you turn the
glass around. In good taste for young and old.
So, readers, accept this coupon olfer now,
while this special arrangement is on. You'll
be glad you did!

IF YOU THINK YOU MUST PAY $3, J4,
OR *5 FOR SUCH UNUSUAL GLASSES
Then You'll Be Delighted When You Read the Coupon

SEND NO MONEY

JUST MAIL
THE COUPON

INSPECT...USE...SHOW YOUR FRIENDS ON THIS NO-RISK OFFER

Be sure to mail your coupon today. When your set oi 6 full-color Victory Glasses,
toasting our armed forces, reaches you, give postman only $1.49 plus C.O.D.
postage. Consider them "on approval." See the excellent quality glass, the
perfect shape. Note the safety chip-proof bevel edge. Most important, be happy
with the vivid full-color illustrations, different front view and back view, toasting
our armed forces. Use your set for 10 days, put them to every test. If you aren't
100% pleased beyond words, return the set and your money will be immediately
refunded. Victory Glasses make every party a sure success, are ideal for every-
day use, too. Timely, exclusive and such a wonderful coupon value, you'll be
delighted. Readers, be the first in your set to Toast Our Armed Forces for Vic-
tory! Now, today, mail the coupon.

COUPON

MATCHED COASTER SET

For prompt action in mailing the coupon, not
only do you receive your set of 6 different full-
color Victory Glasses at an amazing low price, but
also you'll receive a set of 6 valuable and useful coasters,
free of all extra charges. Don't wait. Mail coupon now.

           MASOH and CO., D.pt. P-S	,

                  154 E. Eri. St., CUcago. niinoi.	OFFER

Send me a Ml of 6 big 10-ounce illustrated Victory glasses and tho
Ire© sot of coasters. On arrival I will deposit with postman 51,49 plus
postage charges on the iron-clad guarantee that if I am not com-
pletely satisfied, I may return the set of glasses and coasters in 10
days for complete refund without quostion.

                      □ MONEY ENCLOSED (If money with order, glasses come postpaid.)

          Name......

                      (Print Plainly)

Address.

City...................................State..............

O	SPECIAL: Send me 3 complete sets, with FREE coasters for $3.49.
(Due to the demand and our limited supply, only 3 sets may be
ordered by one customer.)
Do You Want Success
Like This in RADIO

MR. J. E. SMITH, President, Dept. SCS9
National Radio Institute, Washington, D. C.

    Mall me FREE without obligation, your 64-page book,
    HICH REWARDS IN RADIO. (No Salesman will call.
    Write plainly.)

Age.

Same .................................................

 Address ............................................

                                                    State.

r BEFORE COMPLETING YOUR
COURSE I OBTAINED
I MY RADIO BROADCAST
r OPERATOR'S LICENSE
b. AND IMMEDIATELY JOINED
STATION WMPC WHERE I
>iM NOW CHIEF OPERATOR.
■HOLLIS F HAYES'

327 MADUOH ST., LAPEER, MKH. A

 I WAS WORKING IN A
GARAGE WHEN I ENROLLED
WITH N.R.I. I AM NOW
RADIO SERVICE MANAGER

TOR M______

         FURNITURE CO.
         TOR THEIR
         4 STORES.
         JAMES £ RYAN

           H9 PEBBLE COURT
           TALI RlYER, MASS

 CUPPING YOUR
 [COUPON GOT ME ^
 rSTARTEP IN RAPIO.

 I AM NOW IN C4)AR6E\ l*v.

 Of THE RADIO DE-
 PARTMENT TOR THE
 American Airline? 1
 AT CLEVELAND.
 WALTER &. MURRAY

         AMCIUCMI Mtunli. MVMWMi.
         MBHtr, CUtVCLAMO. OHIO.

 MY LOUDSPEAKER SYSTEM
 RAYS ME ABOUT $35 A WEEK
 BESIDES MY RADIO WORK. IP
 IT HAD NOT BEEN FOR .

 Your course i would

    STILL BE MAKING-
    COMMON WAGE?.

     MILTON /. LEI BY, JR.,
           TOPTON, PA.

 I HAVE BEEN IN BUSINESS
 FOR MYSELF FOR TWO
 YEARS, MAKING BETWEEN
 $200 AND $300 A
 MONTH. BUSINESS
 HAS STEADILY
 INCREASED.	^

 ARUE cI. FROEHNER \ ' * ' ‘>1
 J00 W. TEXAS AVE. \

   GOOSE CHEEK, TEX.

 I MAKE $40 A MOffTH i
 FIXING RADIOS IN
 SPARE TIME. I
 I STARTED MAKING
 EXTRA MONEY 3
 MONTHS AFTER
 BE6INNIN0 THE N.R.I.

 COURSE AND MADE c_

 ABOUT $100 WHILE
 LEARNING?.

William chermak

KT.I, BOX 287

HOPKINS, Ml/M.

Here's the Formula Thai Has Worked
For Hundreds

  Mail the Coupon—I will send you my
(H-page illustrated Book, RICH RE-
WARDS IN RADIO—a real introduc-
tion to the wonders and opportunities
of Radiol
You’ll see how my thorough, practical
methods offer a tested way to more pay,
and a chauce to get a steady job in a
field with a bright future. It’s not a
"miracle cure” nor a "long chance” op-
eration, but the same formula that
worked for the men above, and hundreds
of others, too. It is a time-tested way
to make 55, $10 a week extra while train-
ing for a full time Kadio job paying up
to |50 a week.

Beginners Quickly Learn lo Earn
55, $10 a Week EXTRA in Spare Tima

  Many N.R.I. students make $5, 510 a
week EXTRA MONEY fixing Radios in
spare time while learning. I send EX-
TRA MONEY JOB SHEETS that tell
how to do it I
N.R.I. trains you "from the ground
up”—covers fundamentals thoroughly.
The combined efforts of more than 100
people have made the Course so inter-
esting, with hundreds of pictures, charts,
and diagrams—so casy-to-arasp, with
special teaching methods—that we be-
lieve you will be “old friends" with
Radio almost before you know it!

EXTRA PAY IN
ARMY, NAVY, TOO

Mon likely to go Into military service?" sol-
diers, sailors, marines, should mall the
Coupon Nowl Learning Radio helps nun
net eitra rank, extra prestige, more Interest-
ing duties. MUCH HIGHER PAY. Also
prepares for good Radio jobs after service
ends. Hundreds of service men now en-
rolled.

Act Now! Many Radio Technicians
Make 530. MO, $50 a Week

  Today there’s room nearly everywhere for
more spare and full time Radio Technicians.
Many Radio Technicians are starting their
own businesses—making $30, S40. $50 a
weekl Others take good-pay Jobs with
Broadcasting Stations. Many more are need-
ed for Government Jobs as Civilian Radio
Operators, Technicians. Radio manufactur-
ers employ others to help fill Government
wartime orders.

  And Aviation, Commercial, Police Radio
and Loudspeaker Systems are live, growing
fields. Then, think of the NEW jobs Tele-
vision, and other Radio developments will
open after the war. I give you the Radio
knowledge required for these fields.

Find Oul Today What N. R. I. Can Do
For You

  MAIL THE COUPON NOW for my 64-pagB
book FREE. You’ll discover thing# you never
knew obout Broadcasting, Radio Servicing,
Manufacturing, other Radio fields of oppor-
tunity. You'll read a description of my
Course, Extra Money Job Sheets. You’ll see
letters from many men I trained telling what
they're doing, earning. Mall Coupon AT
ONCE! J. E. SMITH. Presidont, Dopt. 3CS9,
National Radio Institute, Washington, D. C.

I Trained These
Men of Home
/ Will Train
You Too

Training Men For Vital Radio Jobs
FRESH BATTERIES LAST
LONGER .. . Look for
the dale line	“►

 Remember —our fighting forces need “Ever-
 eady” flashlights and batteries and the mate-
 rials they are made from. You can serve by
 conserving yours!

The word “Eveready" is a registered trade-mark
of National Carbon Company, Inc.

--

                              with

  fresh Eveready Batteries

"Normally I'd consider this a dirty trick"
ALL STORIES NEW

MAGAZINE

NOW EVERY MONTH

VOL. 5_ MARCH, 1943_NO. 4

IfJouedetteA
1.	A KISS TO MAKE YOU WELL.......................Peggy Montgomery 10

           Was it the man who jilted her, or the red-headed interne, who saved Nan’s life? A kiss
           was her only clue.

2.	STAR IN MY HEAVEN................................. Virginia Nielsen 40

           Models were just pretty girls to Paul until he met Julia, and tried to keep her from the
           heartbreak success was bound to bring her.

3.	PLEASE DIAL L-O-V-E................................... Mary Vincent 54

           Peggy was willing to accept the Hollywood version—until Private Daniel Webster Whitney
           showed her the kind of love he was going to war to preserve.

4.	MARRIAGE ON DEMAND..............................Kathryn Keeley 64

          Marriage to the man she hated seemed Crystal's only compensation for the love she
          thought she’d lost.

5.	THANKS FOR THE MEMORY.............................Ruth Herbert 90

Christy had dedicated the rest of her life to carrying a bright and flaming torch, until the
one man in all the world finally showed her that a glamor girl has no place in war time.

_S*lort Stories

6.	TALL, DARK AND 4-F..................................Vina Lawrence 25

           That was all Sally knew about Nick. But a man's past is not important when a girl really
           falls in love.

7.	TEACH ME TO LIVE...................................Lucinda Baker 33

           Sue was a whiz at math, but she almost flunked her course in love.

8.	NO ROMANCE FOR GENIE.............................June Rutherford 73

Cenie was sure she was love-proof until a man kissed her and then brushed her off.

9.	LOVELY LITTLE LIAR...................................Tugar de Pass 82

           In his own mind Bing had created a role for Ann—and she had to pretend she was Little
           Miss Nobody From Nowhere rather than break his heart.

10.	TROUBLES, INC....................................Helen Hibbard Dau 102

           Gerry knew the right answers to everyone's love troubles but her own.

fjew ejCoue featured

11.	DEAR READER............................ ...............The Editors 6

12.	TRANSPORTATION .............................Clarence Edwin Flynn	8

13.	NO SUBSTITUTE.............................7............Alan Harte	8

14.	REMEMBERING ..................................Harriet A. Bradfield	53

15.	THE THOUCHT OF YOU...........................Mary Lavelle Kelley	53

_April Issue On Sale February 26th

  Published monthly by Fictioneers. Iuc., a division of Popular Publications, Inc., 2236 Orov« Street. Chicauo. Illinois.
  Editorial and Executive offices, 205 East 42nd Street, New York. N. Y. Copyright 1943 by Fictioneers. Inc., a division of
  . P,*.LQHred as second class matter July 30. 1841, at the post office at Chicago, Illinois, under tha
  Act or March 3. 1879. The publishers cannot accept responsibility for return of unsolicited manuscripts, although car© will
  be exercised in handling them. All ngbts reserved under Pan American Copyright Convention. Single copy price lOo,
  Yearly subscription in the U.S.A. $1.20. Foreign postage 75o additional. Printed in U.S.A.
&£)ear deader:

   Suppose you were a small-town girl, engaged to a man whom the community
held in the highest regard. And suppose, out of a clear sky, your one rich
relative sent you an utterly mad, frilly bit of bright pink silk that only a New
Yorker would dare to call a hat. Would you wear it in the local Easter Parade,
even if you knew the whole town would not only be completely shocked, but
would probably laugh at you? Charity Lane decided, after many misgivings,
that she would take a chance, because all of a sudden she knew something had
to be done to add a bright spot to her dull, everyday existence. And something
definitely bright was added. If she hadn’t worn the shocking-pink hat she never
would have met the man who wanted her to help him chase rainbows. She dis-
covered that chasing rainbows was lots more fun than working in a tearoom
and being engaged to a stuffed shirt. And Dr. Tony Nickels, who was on his
way into the Marines, was the first man who ever made her feel she was beau-
tiful. This is one of the gayest stories Vina Lawrence has ever written, and
if you feel the need of a bright spot in your own life, don’t miss THE
SHOCKING-PINK BONNET.

  But we’re not for a single moment forgetting our lead novelette, THE
LOVES OF LAURINDA, Mary Vincent’s highly dramatic and deeply moving
story about a girl from the New York slums who became a famous dancer.
We know you will also be thrilled to death by Virginia Nielsen’s GIRL ON
ICE, because the heroine faces the same problems as millions of American
girls who are “promised” for the duration.

   The April issue is just bursting with exciting, up-to-the-minute stories by
your favorite writers, Kathryn Keeley, Tugar De Pass, Blake Reed, Hope
Campbell and others, who, month after month, bring us the newest in love stories.

   The April issue is on sale February 26th. Until then,

                                                    Sincerely yours,

THE EDITORS.

6
j CHARLES ATLAS, Dept. 833,

I !15 Bast 23rd Street, New York, N. Y.

1 I want the proof that your system of "Dynamic
1 Tension” will help make a New Man of mo—trlve me

I a healthy, husky body and big muscle development.
Send me your free book. "Everlasting Health and
I Strength.”

I	Nome

             (Please print or write plainly)

| Address

How to Make YOUR Body
Bring You-FAME

... Instead of SHAMt! //

 I KNOW what it means to have the kind of body that people pity I
 Of course, you wouldn’t know it to look at me now, but I was
 once a skinny weakling who weighed only 97 lbs.! I was ashamed
 to strip for sports or undress for a swim. I was such a poor
 specimen of physical development that I was constantly self-
 conscious and embarrassed. And I felt only HALF-ALIVE.

   But later I discovered the secret that turned me into "the
 World's Most Perfectly Developed Man." And now I’d like
 to prove to you that the same system can make a NEW
 MAN OF Y0U1

 What Dynamic Tension Will Do For You

   I don’t care how old or young you are or how
 ashamed of your present physical condition
 may be. If you can simply raise your arm and
 flex it I can add SOLID MUSCLE to your biceps
 —yes, on each arm—in double-quick time!

 Only 15 minutes a day—right in your own
 home—is all the time I ask of you I And
 there’s no cost if I fail.

 I can broaden jour shoulders,
 strengthen your back, develop sour
 whole muscular system INSIDE and
 OUTSIDE! T can add inches to your
 chest. (Tive you a rise-like grip, make
 ' those lees of yours lithe and powerful.

 I can shoot new strength into your old
 backbone, exercise tboso inner organs,
 help vou cram your body so full of
 pep. vigor and red-blooded vitality
 that you won't feel there's even
 •'standing room" left for weakness
 and that lazy feeling! Before I get
 through with you I’ll hate your whole
 frame "measured" to a Dice new,

 “beautiful suit of muscle)

    Only 15 Minutes
    A Day

 No"lfs.” "anils" or "maybes.” Just
 tell mo where you want handsome,
 powerful muscles. Are you fat and
 flabby! Or skinny and gawky! Are
 you short-winded, pepless! Do you
 bold back and let others walk off with
 the prettiest girls, best jobs, etc.!

 Then write for details about ‘'Dyna-
 mic Ten Hon" and learn how 1 can
 make you a healthy, coulident, power-
 ful HE-MAN,

   "Dynamic Tensirm" is an entirely
 NATURAL method. Only 15 minutes
 of your spare time dally is enough to
 show amazing results—and it's actu-
 ally fun. "Dynamic Tension" does
 the work.

   "Dynamic Tension!'* That's the
 tlcketl The identical natural method
 that I myself developed to change my
 body from the scrawny, skinny-chested
 weakling I was at 17 to my present
 super-man physique 1 Thousands of
 other fellows are becoming marvelous
 physical specimens—my way. I give
 you no gadgets or contraptions to fool
 with. When you have learned to de-
 velop your strength through “Dynam-
 ic Tension." you can laugh at artifi-
 cial muscle-makers. You simply
 Utilize the DORMANT muscle-power
 la your own body—watch it increase
 and multiply Into real, solid LIVE
 MUSCLE.

   My method—"Dynamic Tension"
 —will turn the trick for you. No
 theory—every exercise is practical.
 And man. so easy! Spend only 15
 minutes a day in your own home.
 From the very start you'll be using
 my method of "Dynamic Tension"
 almost unconsciously every minute of
 tho day—walking, bending ovor, etc.—
 to BUILD MUSCLE and VITALITY.

FREE BOOK

"EVERLASTING HEALTH
AND STRENGTH”

 In it I talk to you in straight-from-
 the-ahoulder language. Packed with
 inspirational pictures of myself and
 pupils—fellows who became NEW
 MEN in strength, my way. Let me show you what
 I helped THEM do. See what I can do for YOU I
 For a real thrill, send for this book today, AT
 ONCE. CHARLES ATLAS. Dept. 833, 116 East
 23rd Street, New York, N. Y.

 Holder of title.
 The World's
 Most Perfectly De-
 veloped Man." As
 he looks today,
 from actual un-
 touched snapshot.
f!o Substitute

There’s a substitute for rubber
We all may use some day.

Our tin cans change to glassware
In a magic sort oj way.

Silk alters into rayon

lit dresses smart and bright.

But one thing must be steady
Ij life is to seem right.

In order to be happy
In this all-changing year,

I must be very certain
Of your true love, my dear!

—Alan Harte

reimportation

I have seen Love riding
In stream-lined renown.

I have seen him thumbing
Rides from town to town.

I have seen him driving
Swanky motor cars.

I have seen him gliding
Planes among the stars.

I have seen him sailing
Boats upon the deep.

But today I saw him
Bouncing in a jeep.

—Clarence Edwin Flynn

■i
, worker. P & at

ioienMy^1’

   sgs^aass

^afojr IM ike -foreman!^

 -last week 1 was only a bench worker

 l»«ot'a „ Ucdu>« ‘1

 1 [0aucuoo

V,hci,^^ —

      [FOREMEN]

      IWANTEDil

         TO TRAIN NEW
         WORKERS

I Industry’s labor problem I
I is so grcac, Foremen arel
I needed to crain new men I
I and women at ihcir work |
I benches

Right in your own factory—maybe
in your own department, there’s
probably a job open for you . . .
the job you’ve always wanted—
the job of FOREMAN. Can you
;et it? Well, if you train yourself'to
;now how to plan and schedule fac-
tory work—keep production at peak
—handle labor problems-break in new
workers—cut out waste—the need for
competent Foremen existseverywhere
today. And LaSalle has the proven
way to train yourself at home in your
spare moments to become a Foreman.

■Tjuru** '	s., w—

<%£&&**£,-g*S

..when I 'T& a,wcei'bave

sgsaBS

,orV has

atots-	- scalar/.

Important to Your Country—VITAL TO YOU

Ultimate Victory requires continuous, superior production
of everything American fighting men need. If you’re a quali-
fied Foreman, you can help assure this. And after Victory—
your ability and training will qualify you for the better jobs
in industry. Can you do it? We’ll show you proof that it has
been done by many men. And what others have done you
should be able to do.

        Get this big 48-page book

       Yours FREE to tell you
how you can easily train
yourself and qualify as a Fore-
man. You owe it to j>our country
and to yourself to MAIL THIS
COUPON NOW!

LASALLE

EXTENSION UNIVERSITY

A Correspondence Institution

 CHICAGO

  | Dost 3334-FV

Send me FREE, without cost or obligation, your 48-page book
which shows mo how I can train at home to qualify as Foreman
in my work.

Name........................................Age.,,,,,,

Address................................................

City......................................State.........
-A J(U6 to WaL

  you wjt

By PEGGY MONTGOMERY

One of two men had saved Nan
from utter oblivion by a kiss. And
she would have willingly given
her life again for the one she
hoped it ivas.

THE landlady was voluble and in-
dignant. “If I'd known she’d act
that way I wouldn’t have let her
have the room.”

   The ambulance driver was curious.
 “Who do you suppose she is.”

   The interne was curt, businesslike.
 “Oh, no you don’t. You’re going to stay
 awake if I have to—”

   Their voices came to Nan through
 screens of sickening fog. Why couldn’t
 they let her alone. If she didn’t want any
 more of life that was her business.

   “I’d sure like to know who she is.”
 The ambulance driver was not adverse to
 curly brown heads and long eyleshes.

   “Don’t ask me.” The landlady dis-
 claimed all responsibility. “I never set
 eyes on her before today.” She opened a
 traveling bag, exposing its naked empti-
 ness. “Did you ever! I had a notion to
 make her pay in advance, but she looked
 at me with them big sad eyes. I sorta
 thought she was some girl whose boy
 friend had gone out on a convoy.”
 “And left her stony.” The ambulance
 driver matched the landlady’s ire and
 raised it. “If she makes it I’ll take her
 home to mom. She’ll—”

   “The good Samaritan act won’t be
 necessary,” the interne cut in. “She’s
 some wealthy brat who couldn’t take it
 because she wasn’t asked to the right
 luncheon.”

10

   “I’ll bet she ain’t. I’ll bet she’s some
 sailor’s sweetheart.”

   “With this underwear! Feather hair-
cuts like this don’t come out of Five and
Dimes, either. Come on let’s get her into
the ambulance.”

   The fog was thicker. Nan felt herself
lifted by hands which were skilled and
gentle, but she was too sleepy to care.
y y y y y y

And then Nan was dancing with Jere. At least Jere was dancing—Nan was more like a sleep-walker.

She would sleep in spite of the one who
was determined to keep her awake. Did
he think he was God ? What right had he
to make her live, to face a life of heart-
break and humiliation, jilted the day be-
fore her wedding?

  Oh Duke, Duke . . .

  But the hands wouldn't let her alone.
There was a blessed lapse and then that
horrible sickness again. Nan had no con-
sciousness of the passage of time, she had
no idea where she was. She would not

11
12

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

live. She pitted all her strength against
those persistent hands, that coaxing voice.
And then there were lips against hers.
Against her will Nan felt a tremor in her
veins; the flickering flame of her heart
steadied. The will to die was slipping
from her. Under those lips it had lost its
strength. Again there was a lapse, a void.

NOW the nausea was gone. With a sick-
ening surety Nan knew she would
live, would have to face the world a jilted
bride. Wearily she opened her eyes, great
blue disks which looked up dully into the
haggard face of a blond young giant who
was bending over her bed. With difficulty
they focussed on that face which was
whiter than her own.

  “Oh Nan, darling,” the man said. His
voice was breaking. It sounded like Duke.
But it couldn't be. Duke didn’t cry—he
rode to hounds and won golf tournaments.
Besides, he had left last night with Frieda
Glenn. But it was. Dear God in Heaven
—it ivas Duke.

  Nan whispered, “How did you get
here?”

  “You thought I'd gone away with
Frieda, didn’t you, silly child? Oh, Nan,
how could you do such a horrible thing.
If you’d died I would have been a mur-
derer.”

  “Are you going to marry Frieda?”

  “Of course not. I'm going to marry
Nan Sheridan if she'll only get well.
“You will, won’t you, darling?”

  “Yes, I will, if you'll kiss me again.”

  Duke’s lips were gentle, frightened.

  “Sorry, Mr. Carlton, you'll have to
leave. Miss Sheridan mustn’t be tired.
She needs her strength.”

  Duke left obediently, quickly, as if his
life held only one purpose—Nan’s re-
covery.

  The morning papers carried the an-
nouncement that the wedding of Miss
Nan Sheridan to Mr. Rodman Carlton,
prominent socialite and sportsman, better
known as “Duke,” had been postponed
indefinitely while the bride elect was in a
hospital recuperating from an emergency
appendictomy.

  Nan slept most of the day, her bride’s
bouquet of orchids and lilies-of-the-valley
crushed in her arms, and as she slept she
dreamed of Duke whose love had reached

her in the Valley of the Shadow of Death
and led her back to life again. And she
waked to wonder how she could have
doubted him.

  The following day she felt quite herself
aside from weakness and a dizzy head, but
when she suggested that she was well
enough to leave the hospital Duke pro-
tested with surprising violence.

  “No, Nan, you mustn’t!” And then,
seeing the worried crease of her forehead,
he hastened to add, “If you’re worrying
about the expense, forget it. It was partly
my fault. I’ll take care of everything.”
When that did not dissolve the stubborn
set of her cherry mouth, his voice be-
came more pleading. “Please, darling. If
you’d had your appendix out you wouldn’t
be back in circulation the second day. We
don’t want a messy scandal, do we?”
Reluctantly Nan allowed herself be per-
suaded, although she would have preferred
a little gossip to this new postponement of
their wedding. But then she didn’t have
Duke’s horror of a little talk, probably
because her family were neither wealthy
nor prominent.

  In the days which followed Nan’s rest-
lessness gradually diminished. It was fun
to live in a bower of flowers, to receive
great sheafs of roses from Duke each
morning, little cards which she read and
reread a hundred times.

  Duke was not lying when he said^she
had never been so beautiful. For the first
time in months she was getting enough
sleep, eating regular nourishing meals. It
had taken a lot of doing without lunches
to be a glamor girl on a shoestring in-
come from part-time modeling jobs.

  The last hectic months were fading in
her memory, those months since Frieda
Glenn’s husband had been killed on
Bataan, and Frieda had come back to
New York a romantic young widow. It
was only natural that Duke should be
nice to Frieda. They had been engaged,
before Frieda met her aviator husband,
before Duke and Nan had sat together
that historic night 011 a Fifth Avenue bus.

  The miracle of that chance meeting still
brought the pounding blood to Nan’s
cheeks—the idea of Duke Carlton falling
for a strange, penniless model was still
hard to believe. None of the glamorous
new friends whom she had met through
A KISS TO MAKE YOU WELL

13

Duke knew quite how penniless she was.

  When Duke suggested that she stay in
the hospital a third week Nan didn’t
argue. Secretly she was beginning to
dread seeing people again. There might
be some skeptical raised eyebrows, and
requests to see her scar.

  Dr. Powers, the expensive specialist
whom Duke had called in, consented with
reservations. Nan must see more people,
get out of her room.

  And so they put her in a wheeled chair
and rolled her out onto the sun porch. It
was as exciting as a trip to Europe, with
Duke hovering over her, and nurses with
blankets and pillows. They almost ran
over a lanky redhead who stepped aside,
to let the cavalcade pass. He did it with
such exaggerated, disrespectful courtesy
that Nan turned and stared after him.
Their eyes met for a single second, but
Nan’s came away, feeling bruised, and
that night, when she was being prepared
for bed, she questioned her nurse, “Who’s
the tall red-haired doctor?”

  “Tall? Red-haired? You must mean
Jere Willis. When he finishes his intern-
ship he’s going into the Army Medical
Corps. Isn’t he divine?”

  Nan’s voice was coolly disinterested.
“I wouldn't know.”

UNFORTUNATELY her heart didn’t
follow its example the next morning
when he came into her room, carrying a
sheaf of records. She thought he looked
the way Gary Cooper would look if he
were ten years younger and had red hair.

  “Sorry to trouble you,” he said, pulling
up a straight chair, “but the hospital lacks
your vital statistics.” His long body hung
off the chair.

  “Why don’t you sit over there?” Nan
pointed to an overstuffed chair.

  “I wouldn't dare. I might go to sleep.”

  She noticed the dark hollows under his
eyes.

  “You should try getting some sleep at
night,” Nan suggested.

  “Thanks for the suggestion. I’ll men-
tion it to the next person who calls for
the ambulance in the middle of the night.”
And then, ignoring Nan’s quick flush, he
uncapped his pen. “And now to work.
Usually this data is compiled when a
patient is admitted. But when a patient

has a ruptured appendix, it isn’t always
possible.”

  “Is it necessary to be so nasty?”

  “Am I nasty?” Jere’s eyes were not as
innocent as his words. “I only know what
I read in the papers. Cats may look at
queens, but internes don’t get that close
to glamor girls. Let’s see,” he went on,
“Age—nineteen.”

  “How do you know?”

  “Glamor girls are all nineteen.”

  Even his eyebrows are impudent, Nan
thought.

  “Occupation—being glamorous.”

  “I suppose you’re partly right. I am a
professional model,” Nan said.

  “And I suppose you call that work.
Don’t you know we’re at war.”

  His violence made her jump. “You
don’t like me,” she challenged.

  “Not particularly.” Jere’s voice was
changed, the fury gone. It had been better
the other way, uncomplimentary but alive.
“Why?”

  Jere shrugged. “You’re a waste of time.
Hospitals are meant for the sick.”

  “And I wasn’t sick!”

  "Was but aren’t. Listen, I haven’t
time to argue with you, let’s get going.”
Nan had never been so annoyed in her
life. "Let’s. I know how valuable your
time must be to the hospital. I weigh one
hundred seven pounds, my eyes are blue,
I come of native born parents. Is there
anything else you need to know?”

  Nan’s special nurse was startled at her
sudden decision to leave the hospital. “But
Mr. Carlton said ...”

  “Mr. Carlton is not a medical author-
ity,” Nan snapped. “If I must have some-
one’s permission, please send for Dr.
Powers.”

  Dr. Powers came quickly and his agree-
able manner made Nan ashamed of her ill
temper. “I do appreciate how much
you’ve done for me, Dr. Powers, and I
want to thank you for saving my life.”
“Don’t thank me, my dear. Your life
had been saved before I even saw you.”
Seeing her surprise he explained in more
detail. “I’m past the age for charity work.
By the time they located Carlton and sent
for me, Jere Willis, the interne on
emergency, had pulled you through. He’s
a brilliant fellow. If he comes out of the
war in one piece he’ll have quite a career.”
14

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

  Nan was a full minute digesting that
distasteful statement. She wouldn’t owe
her life to that red-headed bigot. She
wouldn’t.

  “I suppose Dr. Willis is clever, but he
didn’t save my life. Duke did that. If he
hadn’t made me want to live ...” she
stopped shyly. “I suppose you think I’m
silly.”

  Dr. Powers polished his glasses
thoughtfully. “I’ve never known how
much weight to put on this will-to-live
business, but granted it was Duke’s pres-
ence which saved you, and not Jere’s skill,
you’re still in Jere’s debt. If he hadn’t
done some clever detective work Duke
would not have been here.”

  Nan was listening to Dr. Powers but
she was hearing another voice, too: "With
this underwear. Feather haircuts like this
don't come out of . . Jere Willis, of
course. A painful dye stained her cheeks
as she remembered their recent interview.
How ungrateful he must think her. She
must see him again, before she left the
hospital.

BUT she didn’t see him again until she
was dressed in a blue faille with a
crisp white blouse, and had every one of
her brown hairs set in careless perfection.
By then she had the interview carefully
planned.

  “Dr. Powers has told me that I’m very
much in your debt,” she began glibly
enough, but stalled annoyingly before
something in Jere’s tawny eyes. “I didn’t
know when I talked to you last that it
was you, or I shouldn’t have—”

  “Skip it,” Jere said bruskly, and for a
minute Nan thought he was going to be
nice, but he quickly dispelled that illusion.
“It was only routine. I did nothing for
you that wasn’t my duty.”

  If you’d had a choice, I suppose you’d
have let me die,” she flared.

  He could at least have denied it quick-
ly, in place of stopping to ponder. “No.
No, I wouldn't have. It was damned good
practice pulling you through. I might not
get another chance at a poison case like
it.”

  Nan had never known how overpower-
ing physical anger could be. Her heart
was outpounding the Nazi guns at Stalin-
grad, her blood racing along at a rate

which would have left Whirlaway at the
post. She drew herself up haughtily. “I’d
be only too glad to pinch-hit as a guinea
pig for the sake of your great future,
but unfortunately your medical ability had
nothing to do with saving my life. It was
saved by a kiss.”

  That got under his skin. His facial
muscles were under control in an instant,
but the startled look remained in his eyes.
Relentlessly Nan pressed in for the kill.
“Duke’s kiss,” she added.

  It was her valedictory of venom. Jere
was supposed to wither before its fury,
but instead he looked definitely relieved.
In another minute he would be laughing,
but Nan didn’t have to stay to listen. As
she swept out of the room she paused,
“And for the sake of the records, I didn’t
take poison because I wasn’t invited to the
right luncheon. It wouldn’t be the right
luncheon if I weren’t there.”

  The afternoon was endless. A thousand
times Nan wished she hadn’t dashed out
of the hospital in such a hurry, had at
least waited to eat her lunch. Her apart-
ment boasted a fashionable Sultan Place
address and a completely empty refriger-
ator. Its single room was oppressively
small. Try as she would to forget him,
her interview with Jere had left a ten-
acious, cloying reaction which she couldn't
shake off. She was still thinking about
him when evening came and she was
dressing for Duke in the loveliest thing
she owned, a green hostess gown which
made her look very much like a lime
sherbet dryad.

  Duke was late and he was annoyed with
Nan because she had left the hospital so
suddenly.

  The Carlton factories were busy on war
orders, and Duke was actually working
hard for the first time in his life. Nan
knew he was tired. He kissed her, a gentle
kiss which left her irritated and unsatis-
fied. Once in Duke’s arms she had thought
all her problems would vanish. She
hadn’t expected the same feeling of re-
straint which she had experienced in the
hospital with its lack of privacy.

  “I suppose we might as well set a new-
wedding date,” she suggested.

  Duke answered, “Why, yes. Sometime
in the fall, don’t you think?”

  Seeing her quick hurt, he crossed the
A KISS TO MAKE YOU WELL

15

 Eosy Way To Get Even
 More Shaves With
 Every Gillette Blade

4 for 10(f^
8 for 19c [
12for27c( i

Get extra use from every blade—
Use Thin Gillettes and look top-grade!
They mow down stubble plenty fast—
Give thrifty, easy shaves that last!

  1. WASH FACE thoroafbly with
  hot water and soap to soften
  beard and eliminate accumulated
  i grit that dulls shaving edges

room, lifted one of her hands and pressed
it against his cheek. “I’m eager as can
be, darling, but first I want you well and
strong. I want you to go to our country
place for a month or so. Mother would
love to have you. And I’d run out week-
ends, and whenever I could. Think of the
fun we’d have, just the two of us to-
gether !”

  His eager voice was painting a rosy
picture, a tempting one, but every time
he paused for breath Nan heard a hateful
refrain: Occupation—being glamorous
. . . Don’t you know we’re at war?—
Occupation—being glamorous.

  “Sounds all right, doesn’t it?” Duke
waited expectantly.

  “It sounds marvelous. But, Duke, I’m
wondering if I shouldn’t try to do some
kind of war work. I haven’t done a thing.
If I stayed here in New York. . .

  “But you can't stay here.” Duke’s
vehemence was unfortunate, for it hard-
ened Nan’s uncertainty into stubborn
determination.

  “Why can't I ? Are you trying to get
rid of me?”

  “Nan.”

  “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said that,
only— Oh, let’s skip it. Kiss me, Duke—
No, no, not that way. I’m tired of being
a china doll.”

  “So you want cave man stuff. Okay.”
Duke’s arms were strong; they crushed
the breath out of her. His lips were hard
and purposeful, but they were not deliver-
ing the kisses for which she had hungered.
Something was missing. She felt small
and lost. Possibly Duke had been right.
Possibly she wasn’t up to standard phy-
sically, in spite of the five pounds she had
gained. His cheek against her hair was an
oppressive weight.

  “I think it would be nice to be married
next fall.”

T>UT Nan stuck to her determination to
-*-* stay in New York and do some kind
of war work, even in the face of Duke’s
violent opposition. However, she did let
him talk her out of a job in the defense
industries, and into becoming a volunteer
nurse’s aide. That would permit her to
go on with her modeling. Nan was too

Produced By
The Maker Of
The Famous
Gillette Blue
Blade
16

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

proud to explain to Duke that a defense
job might have paid her more money.

  The nurse’s aide work had its compen-
sations though, for the group were to be
trained at Memorial Hospital and Jere
Willis was at Memorial. Watching him
eat a few words would be a refreshing
sight.

  The course was divided into two parts,
two weeks of lectures and instruction fol-
lowed by three weeks of actual hospital
work. Nan worked faithfully on the pre-
liminary training. She simply had to be
good.

  The day the class entered the hospital
was the hottest spring day she had ever
known. The blue pinafore which had
looked so pretty in pictures felt like
ticking to her sensitive skin. At the door
of Memorial she sternly stifled an impulse
to turn and run. With knees which felt
like undercooked taffy she slowly climbed
the steps to her first day of duty.

  She was delighted to find that they
were assigning her to pediatrics. A sick
baby wasn’t as formidable as a sick adult.
But Nan’s delight was premature. Miss
Hickey, the supervisor was a dragon.
She shoved a carton of gauze under Nan’s
nose, instructing her to make “B.S.G.’s,”
and disappeared with a swish of starched
skirt.

  Helplessly Nan stared at the gauze until
a student nurse came along and conde-
scendingly helped her out. “Heavens,
don’t you even know about ‘big square
gauzes.’ ” Nan didn’t but she learned
rapidly.

  The morning dragged on. At ten o’clock
Nan was folding gauzes, and found her-
self doing the same thing when eleven
rolled around. Her back ached unmerci-
fully from standing so long in one spot,
but she was afraid to stop even for a
drink. It was almost twelve when Miss
Hickey rushed in to her.

  “Bring a clean sheet into emergency.
You’ll find one in the linen closet,” and
then disappeared.

  Nan sped away, but there was no sheet
in the linen room. A friendly nurse direct-
ed her to the laundry on another floor.
When she came back five minutes later,
flushed and triumphant, the door to the
emergency room was closed. Nan knocked
timidly and was told to come in. The

room was filled with nurses and doctors.
One of them was a redhead.

  “I—I brought the sheet,” she began
uncertainly.

  “We couldn’t wait all day,” Miss Hick-
ey snapped, “We used a clean bedspread.
Get an antiseptic basin and be quick about
it. And shut the door.”

  Nan had noticed an open bathroom
door and sped to it quickly, but there was
no antiseptic basin. There were any num-
ber of wash basins. Realizing that Miss
Hickey didn’t like to be kept waiting, Nan
grabbed one of them.

  But again she wras wrong. Miss Hickey
was horrified. “Don’t you even know an
antiseptic basin ?” She sent a student
nurse on the errand and Nan crept away,
down the hall, her cheeks burning, her
eyes glazed with angry tears. It was
twelve-thirty and she had been supposed
to leave at twelve.

  As she washed her hands, so conscien-
tiously stripped of nail polish and jewelry,
she resolved that she would never, never
set foot in the hospital again. Why hadn't
Miss Hickey told her w'here things were
kept. Was a brand new nurse’s aid sup-
posed to have been born knowing all about
Memorial’s store-rooms?

JERE WILLIS was at the door when
Nan left the hospital, waiting to gloat,
she thought viciously. Although she was
walking quickly, his long legs had no
difficulty keeping pace with her.

  “Just wanted to say good-bye, and it’s
been nice having you here today.”

  “What do you mean good-bye?” Nan
snapped.

  “You won’t be back, not after what hap-
pened. It’s one thing to work but quite
another to be yelled at unjustly.”

  The uncanny accuracy of his analysis
took her breath. It also stiffened her
backbone. “I haven't the faintest notion
of quitting,” she answered loftily. “Don’t
let me take y<S*i from your important
work.”

  She hoped she was epitome of dignity
but she hadn’t much faith in wilted blue
denim.

  “You’re not taking me from my work.
I’m on vacation for twenty-four long
glorious hours.”

  “Heavens! Are you leaving town?”
A KISS TO MAKE YOU WELL

17

  “Nope. I’m treating myself to eight
hours of good old shuteye, and then I’m
going dancing with a good looking gal,
for the relief of the Navy. This is my
corner. So long.”

  He moved away with lazy, long-legged
grace.

  Nan used a whole bottle of bath salts to
soak the smell of the hospital out of her.
As she lay in the tub, relaxing, she
thought how long it had been since she
had been dancing—weeks, literally. She
and Duke had become very dull chil-
dren since the initiation of their “all
work” policy. Surely a little play
wouldn’t be unpatriotic!

  Duke called her promptly at seven.
“You’re all right, darling?”

  There was a newly-acquired concern in
his voice.

  “Horribly so,” Nan answered, sudden-
ly impatient with this solicitude about
her health. “So right that I feel like go-
ing places and doing things. Don’t you
have some tickets for the Navy Relief
party tonight?”

  “Why, yes, of course. But it’s going
to be mob scene.”

  “I know. The entire human race.

  “I don’t think it would be the smart
thing for you. Let’s drive up along the
Hudson. 1 know a quiet little place where
you’ve never been.”

  “But I don’t want a quiet little place. I
feel like swing music and excitement. Oh,
by the way, do you know my age?”

  “Why you’re nineteen.”

“Right. I thought possibly you’d got
mixed up and thought it was ninety-one.”
“I was only thinking of you.” Duke’s
voice was stiff and hurt. “I didn’t think
you’d feel up to facing a crowd.”

  “Why not. What do I have to hide?”
Nan replaced the telephone slowly, the
sparkle gone from her face. She did have
something to hide, a cowardly, shameful
something—her suicide attempt. How
could she have been such a quitter? If
she hadn’t been so physically exhausted,
so desperate financially, not daring to take
an ordinary job least everyone know her
true financial state. But there were no
excuses which could explain away her
sinful act.

  Possibly she was sticking her neck out,
insisting on this party tonight. Maybe

she should call Duke and tell him she’d
reconsidered. For a second time her back-
bone stiffened. Because she had been a
coward in the past was no excuse for con-
tinuing to be one.

  To bolster her courage she wore the
loveliest thing she owned. It was a dress
she had earned modelling, which she had
intended for her trousseau—a lovely blue
marquisette, unexpectedly kindled with
an American beauty sash, and a skirt
miles’ wide. The mirror assured her that
she was a knockout in it, but still she had
some misgivings. Defiantly she elevated
her chin. She was going to that dance if
the whole world were there to shame her
with their whisperings.

HPHE whole world was Duke’s world,
which had become Nan’s. Possibly it
was only her guilty conscience that made
her feel she was being scrutinized as close-
ly as a saboteur’s cache. Everyone was
terribly cordial. “How nice to see you
again, Nan,” “Heavens, where have you
been keeping yourself?” and “Have you
recovered from your operation?”

  But what about the things they were
thinking: Appendicitis, my eye. Do you
suppose she’ll be able to hang onto him
this time?

  But this was crazy, she was only im-
agining. Nan looked up at Duke, seeking
reassurance. But his forehead was creased
in a black frown and he was glaring out
over Nan’s brown head. Then it must be
true that people were gossipping. Un-
consciously Nan followed the direction of
Duke’s glaring eyes.

  She recognized Frieda instantly. Frieda
would be wearing black in a crowd of
pastels, looking cool and sophisticated.
And then she recognized the man with
her. Even in a dinner jacket, red hair
was still red hair.

  Duke was moving toward them, cutting
through the dense crowd like a sabre
through a wedding cake. Nan’s heart
twisted. So it wasn’t over. Duke was still
interested in Frieda.

  They were very close now. Nan saw
Jere say, “Don’t look, but I think we’re
being shadowed;” saw the lazy raising of
Frieda’s eyes, her cool appraisal.

  “Hi” Nan said. Someone had to say
something.
18

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

  “Shall we exchange partners?” That
was Duke.

  And then Nan was dancing with Jere.
At least Jere was dancing—Nan was more
like a sleep-walker.

  “That’s not a very funny smile,” Jere
said softly in her ear.

  Nan started. “Oh . . . No. I don’t sup-
pose it is. Something was worrying me,
and now it isn’t, but there’s something
else.”

  “I catch. Out of the frying pan into the
foxhole.”

  “Yes, that’s it.” Nan was grateful for
his understanding. “How did you happen
to know Frieda?”

  “Professionally. She was in the hos-
pital once,” Jere said, studying Nan.

  “Frieda in the hospital! What was she
doing there? She’s strong as a horse.”
“I can’t answer that one. Professional
ethics. But it wasn’t appendicitis.

  Normally Nan would have skipped it,
but tonight she was too raw, too hurt.
“If you knew how ashamed I am, you’d
never say that word again.”

  “Okay, I won’t if you’ll wake up and
really dance. It’s tough on my one night
off, to get stuck with two girls with but
a single thought.”

  “I don’t know what you mean,” Nan
said stiffly.

  “Oh, yes, you do.” Jere snapped his
fingers in front of her eyes. “Come out
of the Never-Never Land, my darling.
We’re at war. Eligible young men with
bank accounts and proper draft numbers
don’t hang on every bush.”

  Cold fingers of ice clutched Nan’s heart.
“You think Frieda wants to marry
Duke?”

  “Think it. My God, I know it. And
so do you, but you won’t admit it.”

  Jere’s blunt statement was a dash of
cold water and Nan didn’t like cold water
to be thrown in her face, she preferred to
have it served in goblets disguised as wine.
But possibly Jere didn’t know what he
was talking about. After all she had no
reason to trust him that much. “Since
you’re so well informed, what’s Duke’s
reaction?”

  “Duke? That’s easy. His bank ac-
count and torso are above average, but
otherw'ise he’s simply a normal human
being, and being human he’s attracted by

Frieda. Now don’t stiffen up. I’ll prob-
ably cut him out with her, but even if I
don’t you can easily make him marry
you. It’s silly to get all steamed up. Duke
can’t help what he feels toward Frieda
any more than I can help the fact that
being close to you changes the chemistry
of my bloodstream.”

  Nan’s heart started to cut up capers,
heel-kicking, hat-throwing capers, and in
spite of her anger there was nothing she
could do about it, for the heart is an in-
voluntary muscle.

  “Your modesty surprises me. You don’t
really doubt your ability to make Frieda
forget Duke, do you?” Nan said, hoping
to hide her inner tumult with a veneer of
cool sarcasm.

  “Oh, that! Jere lowered his voice con-
fidentially. “Frieda wants a husband—
you all do, and I definitely am not in the
market for a wife. It’s a tremendous
handicap, but I don’t mind. Otherwise it
would be too easy.”

  Of all the colossally conceited asses!
But at the instant Nan was sure she had
made up her mind about Jere, she looked
up and found in the amber depths of his
eyes a wicked sparkle, an upsetting, con-
tagious sparkle. Her smile began staidly
in her eyes, but by the time it had reached
her mouth it was a rascal of a smile.

  Jere gathered her into a rib-crushing
hug. “Come on,” he begged, “let’s leave
the sex angle to Freud and have some
fun.”

  “Okay, let’s,” Nan answered recklessly.

  But she didn’t expect it to be quite so
much fun. Jere went all out in his danc-
ing and his manhandling was a refreshing
change from Duke’s gentle clasp. At the
end of the first dance her face was flushed,
her hair a ball of topsy turvy brown
gold. In the middle of the second dance
the Navy discovered her. It was fun
watching a blue uniform coming to cut in,
it was more fun seeing Jere work his way
through the crowd to reclaim her.

TfyTUCH later Nan and Jere went out on
H*- the balcony in search of cold beers, a
glimpse of the moon and their breath. Nan
was happier than she had been since
Frieda’s return to New York. Because
there were no vacant tables they wan-
dered off to a secluded corner to drink
A KISS TO MAKE YOU WELL

19

their beer, leaning on the wide railing.

  Nan didn’t know when she became con-
scious of the other couple in the shadows.
“I think we’re not alone,” she said soft-

ly-

  “Very observing, my darling. When
your eyes grow more accustomed to the
dimout you’ll recognize our fellow coun-
trymen.” Jere lit a cigarette and handed
it to Nan.

  “Duke and Frieda! Should I go over
and take her by the hair ?”

  “Good Lord, no. We’re having fun,
too.” Jere’s fingers caressed the place on
Nan’s neck where the curls clustered
thickest. It didn’t make sense that she
should enjoy their touch so much, but she
did. “Besides you’ve nothing to worry
about. You’ll get the guy.”

  It was the second time Jere had made
that statement. “I don’t know what makes
you so sure,” Nan said sharply.

  “Don’t you.” A new ironic note in his
voice brought Nan’s head up quickly.
Again she was on the defensive.

  “On second thought I guess I do. If
Duke didn’t love me, he couldn’t have
made me want to live by kissing me. Was
that what you meant?”

  It was a long minute before Jere spoke,
and when he did his voice was harsh.
“Not exactly, but let’s skip it. Gorgeous
moon, isn’t it?”

  But he was not looking at the moon.
Nan squirmed around in his arms until
she, too, could see the couple at the end
of the balcony. They had come to their
feet and were merged in a long, close
kiss. As Nan looked she felt twin stabs
of jealousy. Duke had no business kiss-
ing Frieda that way and Jere had no right
to be so angry about it.

  Because she was hurt and angry Nan
acted impulsively. “I believe you fight
fire with fire.” With a defiant toss of her
head she raised her face to Jere’s. For a
long poignant minute, while his lips
hovered over hers, she was swept with a
medley of emotions. What was it going to
be like, having Jere kiss her?

  She did not find the answer, for Jere
suddenly raised his head. “And I believe
prevention is the best cure.” He picked
her off the railing and set her on be-
wildered feet. “Come on. Let’s go in and
dance.”

  Back in the ball room Nan didn’t know
whether to be furious or flattered. Why
had Jere refused to kiss her?

  The crowd had thinned and Duke had
no trouble making his way toward them,
although his wide shoulders took space.
He was very close before they noticed
him.

  “Remember you've got him roped and
tied if you don’t spoil it,” Jere had just
time enough to whisper a warning.

  “I’ve been looking all over for you,”
Duke said.

  Where? In Frieda’s hair? It was the
perfect reply but Jere’s eyes kept Nan
from using it. Instead she went docilely
into Duke’s arms.

  “I’ve had such a wonderful evening,”
she said as she danced away with Duke.
Jere’s raised eyebrow was a salute, and
the silly little gesture made Nan happy
all the way to her toes.

  When Duke suggested that they drive
the long way to her apartment she laugh-
ingly refused. “And wear out tires! Be-
sides I have to be at the hospital at seven
tomorrow.”

  He lingered at the door uneasily. “1
tried to dance with you some more, but
you were having such a rush I couldn’t
get near.”

  “Think nothing of it, darling,” Nan
was surprised how easy it was to be mag-
nanimous. “It was sweet of you to rescue
Frieda. Jere should have been spanked
for brushing her off so completely.” She
yawned. “Sorry not to ask you up, but
seven comes mighty fast. ”

  Brushing his cheek with a light kiss
she slipped away from him. Although she
was not by nature a gloater, Nan hugged
herself all the way up to the sixth floor.
And she wasn’t at all surprised when her
telephone rang fifteen minutes later.

  “Just wanted to tell you good night
again, darling,” Duke’s voice came to her
in a caress.

  So she had him worried. The shoes
didn’t feel so good on his own feet. Nan
giggled as she jumped into bed and pulled
off her table light. Jere Willis certainly
knew his psychology. And then her mood
became serious. Again she was indebted
to Jere. He had turned what could have
been—what had started out to be—a bad
evening, into a lot of fun.
20

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

  Was he being facetious when he said
she upset the chemistry of his blood-
stream? Probably. Otherwise he would
have kissed her. And yet, on die other
hand, her logic might be all wrong. He
had said he didn’t want a wife. Possibly
he had been afraid to kiss her. It was a
nice thought.

  “Don’t be a fool,” Nan admonished
herself angrily. “You love Duke. Stop
thinking about Jere. Stop it, I say. Do
you hear me. Stop!”

IT WAS a thick, hot summer, New
York at its worst. People with one
job felt wilted and depressed, but Nan
struggled gamely along with her two.
She had never dreamed one could walk
so many miles in a hospital corridor,
never known how many supplies one
needed. She folded millions of dressings.
But each day brought more interesting
assignments, as she was allowed more re-
sponsibility.

  In the hospital people took on new
personalities. A doctor became an ex-
alted personage: even an interne had
to be treated with reverence. It seemed
almost a dream that once she had danced
in Jere’s arms.

  But there were days when she wished
she need never see a hospital again, but
on the whole they were happy weeks.
Duke was out of town a lot, but on the
nights they were together he was sweeter
than ever.

  It was the last day of her training, a
hot one early in June. At noon she was
feeding an elderly man, one of her favor-
ite patients. He had a little trouble with
his soup, and she noticed that his breath-
ing was jerky, gasping. While Nan was
cutting his meat into small pieces he
closed his eyes, and when she spoke to
him he did not respond. She waited pa-
tiently, hating to disturb him too much.
Beads of moisture stood on his forehead
and a white line circled his lips. Wor-
ried Nan picked up his wrist, but she
could find no pulse.

  Quickly she snapped on the light, but
several minutes passed and no one came.
Suddenly Nan’s worry became panic. She
ran out of the room.

  The head nurse came in a hurry, took
one look and sent for a doctor. Jere and

one of the house doctors arrived at the
same time. They tried artificial respira-
tion, but it was useless.

  “Well, he certainly went in a hurry,'”
one of the doctors remarked.

  Nan couldn’t believe her ears. The nice
old man wasn’t dead, not really. It hadn’t
been ten minutes since she had given him
his soup. If she’d only sent for help when
she noticed his breathing, he might have
been saved. What right did she have to
play nurse? She must quit immediately,
before she killed anyone else.

  She was a block away from the hospital
and going fast when Jere overtook her.

  “Hey. Wait a minute. Where are you
going?” He took her arm.

  “Home,” Nan said, “where I belong—
where I can't do any harm.” Her eyes
heavy with unshed tears, begged him to
leave her alone.

  “You’re stopping at my place first for a
drink,” he told her.

  “No, Jere. . . . Please.”

  But Jere was adamant. “I’ll kick you
out in half an hour—don’t worry. I’m on
emergency tonight and I need sleep.”
When she still objected, he said, with a
grin, “Don’t be coy. My etchings are put
away for the duration.”

  It seemed incredible to Nan that she
had once thought him nice. She’d show
him how immune she was to his fatal
charm. “I could stand a drink.”

  Jere’s one room apartment was a nest of
pipes and books and unsorted laundry.
There was lint on the floor and the day-
bed was unmade. As Nan waited for him
to appear with the drinks, she moved
about automatically picking up and
straightening.

  When he came in, she said severely: “I
should think you might keep the place
clean.”

  Jere’s eyes were malicious as he handed
her the tall glass. “It’s a bad sign when a
gal starts looking after a man.”

  That was the straw too many for Nan’s
strained emotions. Snatching a glass from
the tray she pitched its contents squarely
in his startled face.

  The tears she had been hanging onto so
grimly slipped their leash. Her chin quiv-
ered, and the sobs which followed must
have come from her toes to hurt so badly.

  Flicking the liquor out of his eyes, Jere
A KISS TO MAKE YOU WELL

21

placed his tray oil the table. He picked
Nan up and sat down with her on the
chair that was the least cluttered. Al-
though she could hear his voice it was sev-
eral minutes before the meaning of his
words came through to her.

  “I know how you feel. The first time it
happened to me I went out and got glori-
ously plastered. But it’s one of the things
you’ve got to learn to take.”

  “He was so sweet and patient,” Nan
sobbed. “If I’d called someone sooner he
might be alive.” The sobs rose again,
choking her words.

  Jere waited until she had quieted. “Non-
sense.” His voice was brusk. “He had a
heart condition which was bound to flick
him off. Nothing could stop it.”

  “That’s awfully nice of you, but—”
“Look at me!” Jere pried her face out
of the shelter of his shoulder. “There are
a lot of things people might call me, but by
God nice isn’t one of them. Have I ever
bothered to lie to spare your feelings?”
Why of course he hadn’t. And yet, Nan
didn’t dare let herself be comforted.

  “Have I?” Jere repeated.

  “No—no, you haven't.” In the moist
blueness of Nan’s eyes appeared a rainbow
of renewed hope and courage.

  “Good girl,” Jere patted her approving-
ly. “Come out into the kitchen and wash
your face and I’ll fix a new' drink.”

THE kitchenette was as immaculate as
the other room was untidy. “It
wouldn’t be sanitary to have it dirty,” Jere
explained. “I cook here.”

  They had their drinks sitting on the
white enamel table. “It’s so much nicer out
here,” Jere said.

  It must have been good liquor for it
made Nan feel warm and cozy, and it made
Jere, sitting beside her explaining angina
cases, seem the nicest, kindest person she
had ever known. Nan was horrified when
she looked at her watch to see how long
she had overstayed her time limit. Guiltily
she slid off the table.

  True to form, Jere did not urge her to
stay, but he did follow her to the door.
When she tried to put her appreciation in-
to words he interrupted impatiently. “Skip
it. If you feel so heavily in my debt, you
might come back tomorrow night and I’ll
broil lobsters.”

  Nan’s heart gave a lurch wholly out of
proportion to her fondness for broiled lob-
sters a lurch which put her 011 her guard.
“That'll be grand. Duke and I are both
crazy about lobster. You don’t mind if I
bring him?”

  “No, of course not. Do bring Duke,”
Jere answered. There was a gleam in his
eyes Nan couldn’t interpret. She wasn't at
all sure she liked it, but she was sure of
one thing—Jere was going to kiss her, and
if she had any sense at all she would stop
him! But she wasn’t going to stop him.
After all, why be prudish about a silly little
kiss.

  And then Nan knew, too late, as Jere’s
lips pinned down her fluttering nervous
ones, that this was to be 110 casual kiss, no
surface, nice-to-have-met-you affair. It was
genuine as rain and sun, and fundamental
as life. His lips were cruel in their in-
tensity, cruel and—wonderful.

  Nan had reached the end of a long quest.
These w'ere the kisses for which she had
been waiting. They were the kisses which
had led her back to life, the kisses for

for energy"
22

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

which she had been asking so fervently.

  With an almost superhuman effort, she
broke away from Jere’s arms. White and
startled she stared up at him. Jere recov-
ered first. “That was a mistake. I apolo-
gize.”

  There was Nan's answer. She turned
and fled. As she walked rapidly along the
street she was unaware of the hot sun
streaming on her uncovered head. Inside
her mind was reeling, her heart stagger-
ing. So it had been Jere—not Duke—who
had kissed her in the hospital that night.
How Jere must have laughed when he
found the significance she had attached to
those kisses. She blushed, remembering
how she had thrown up to him that it was
Duke who had saved her life.

  Fool she had been. Now she under-
stood why he had refused to kiss her at the
dance, afraid lest she discover the identity
of the man who had touched her heart,
afraid lest she offer him an unwanted love.

  Nan didn’t know how far she had
walked, she only knew that she was sud-
denly very tired. As a person awaking
from a heavy sleep she looked about and
found she was in Central Park. She sat
down gratefully on an empty bench.

  As her head cleared she tried to think.
There was no undoing what had happened.
She would have to face Jere with the
knowledge that he knew she was in love
with him. She hadn't fallen in love with
him, she had slipped into it without know-
ing it.

  But what about Duke ? Two months ago
she couldn’t face life without him. Nan
rubbed her eyes with the back of her hand
because the blur had returned. Duke had
dazzled her, swept her off her feet and she
had thought it was love. What should she
do about him now? Would she have to
hurt him as Jere had hurt her? In her new
awareness of pain, Nan’s heart shied away
from inflicting so much pain on another.
Duke loved her surely—even though he
had not kissed her back to life, he had
demonstrated it in a thousand ways this
past summer. Could she squeeze Jere out
of her heart and dedicate her life to Duke ?
She must.

  Nan dragged herself up from the bench.
It was late and a long hot walk to her
apartment. When she reached it she was
tempted to crawl into bed and refuse to

even answer the telephone, but slje
wouldn’t let herself be that weak. Grimly
she bathed and dressed in a gown of
Duke’s favorite blue. As she tied the damp
ringlets away from her face with a match-
ing ribbon she was surprised to find that,
aside from violet smudges under her eyes,
she looked no different than usual.

  “A broken heart becomes you, my girl.”
A sob caught at her throat. “But don’t
you dare start crying.”

TV7HEN Duke hadn’t called by seven-
” thirty Nan dialed his number and was
greeted by the busy signal. He was in
town. Probably he would call her in a few
minutes. When a half hour had passed and
no call came, she tried again. The wire
was still busy. She decided he must be tied
up with long distance calls, as he fre-
quently was.

  Because she could no longer stand her
own company Nan decided to walk the few
blocks to his apartment and surprise him.
Lights glowed from his living room win-
dows, which proved he was in, because no
one left lights on in these nights of unex-
pected blackouts. The friendly doorman
let her in. Without bothering to buzz
Duke, Nan took the elevator to his floor.

  For a few seconds she stood outside his
apartment, composing herself, listening to
the vague indistinct sounds which speak of
human presence. The she knocked, her
usual brisk tattoo and waited for Duke’s
familiar footsteps.

  When he didn’t come, she rapped a sec-
ond time louder and more briskly. There
was a sudden hush behind the locked door.
It was the hush which comes over the for-
est when the hunter approaches with his
gun. Nan gave herself a mental shake, she
must stop imagining such foolishness. She
was no hunter, and Duke wouldn’t hide
from her.

  She would pound louder, make him hear
her. But in the act of doing so she stopped
motionless, and stood with her arm raised,
frozen. Duke wasn’t in there alone. There
was someone with him whom he didn’t
want her to see. It could be but one per-
son—Frieda.

  Half way to the elevator Nan was sur-
prised to find she was tiptoing. As she
walked slowly home she wondered why
this new blow didn’t hurt. Was she
A KISS TO MAKE YOU WELL

23

numbed to suffering? She was sure it was
only temporarily, that the pain would come
and it would be overwhelming. But she
would face it this time, take it standing on
her feet. Because she dared not risk the
long sleepless hours of the night with their
undermining loneliness, Nan called Me-
morial and asked if they could use an ex-
tra nurse's aide. She buttoned herself
hastily into a fresh uniform, and called a
taxi.

  “I am certainly glad to see you,” the
head nurse’s greeting was cordial. “If
you'll answer lights, you’ll do a lot toward
preserving my sanity.”

  The corridor looked like Broadway be-
fore the blackout. It was hot and the pa-
tients couldn’t sleep. They wanted fresh
water, or their pillows smoothed, and Nan
went from one to another.

  In the hallway of open doors there was
one that was dosed. It belonged to Mr.
Williams who had hallucinations of people
trying to harm him. Thinking how hot his
room must be, Nan opened the door and
stood quietly listening. Satisfying herself
that he must be sleeping she moved away,
leaving the door ajar.

  When she came by it again, a few min-
utes later, it was tightly shut. So he wasn’t
asleep. Nan went in to see if she couldn’t
do something to help him get some rest.
In the dim light she could see that his bed
was empty, and even as she noted it the
door crept shut behind her.

  “So you’re the one.”

  “I thought you’d be more comfortable
with the door open,” Nan said, in the
calmest voice she could muster. As she
spoke she backed toward the head of the
bed, hoping to be able to find his light cord.

  Her fingers were on the cord, groping
toward the switch, when the hands came
out of the darkness, and a viselike grip
caught her right arm. There was a sicken-
ing snap, a wave of pain and Nan learned
how easily an arm could be broken.

  The hands reached her throat. “Jere
. . . Jer . . . ” The scream died off into a
gurgle. The fingers banding her throat
were wires, barbed wires, digging, cutting,
pressing. Her breath was going. With
her last strength Nan kicked the bedside
table.

  The door must have been opened be-

cause it was lighter. There was a smack.
It was a fist hitting a chin, but Nan didn’t
know about that until later—much later.

T^HE smell of sipirts of ammonia was
strong, and the light blinding when
Nan came back to consciousness. She
wondered who the people were and why
they kept hurting her arm.

  Gradually, as things stopped whirling,
she recognized one of the house doctors
and two of the nurses. But there should
be someone else. Her eyes groped on until
they found Jere, Jere with a very black eye
and a scratched cheek.

  “You seem to make a habit of saving
my life,” Nan said, ignoring the others.

  His cocky grin was unsteady. “I can’t
take the bows this time. They go to Duke
for being psychic.”

  So he wanted none of her, not even her
gratitude.

  “We’re going to set your arm. I’ll be as
gentle as possible, but it may hurt quite a
bit,” the doctor told her.

  It did hurt, excruciatingly, but Nan set
her teeth against the pain and clung to the
hand of one of the nurses. Once Jere came
to her and stuck a hypodermic needle into
her arm. Because his hand trembled slight-
ly, because there were huge drops of mois-
ture on his forehead, Nan managed a re-
assuring smile for him.

  At last it was over and her arm a neat
white bundle and they wheeled her off into
a bed, wrapping her up in spite of the
heat.

  She fell into a half sleep and was con-
scious of someone calling. “Nan, Nan,
darling.” She was fighting against the
sound of that voice.

  For a second she opened her eyes but
closed them quickly. It was only Duke as
she should have known it would be, for
Jere didn't call her “darling.” He called
her “my darling.”

  “You thought Frieda and I were—Oh,
you silly child.”

  Why should she bother to stay awake
to hear something she had heard before.
Duke leaning over her bed, assuring her
of his love, was a movie she’d seen before,
and not a very good movie.

  But his voice was persistent for being
in a dream. “I can explain everything.
24

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

Frieda came to see me about some insur-
ance she’s having trouble collecting. I
didn't know it was you at the door.

  Suddenly Nan was fully awake. She
wasn’t reliving a scene from the past.
This was the present and again Duke
had come running to her, declaring his
love. Only this time she wasn’t the gul-
lible, trusting girl she'd been before.

  With an effort she said, “How did you
happen to find me herQ?”

  “After you were gone I was worried.
I was so afraid you’d—” his voice broke.

  Nan’s mind supplied the end of the sen-
tence. He’d thought she’d try again, to
take her life. And she’d thought Jere a
conceited ass!

  "And then what did you do?”

  “I called your apartment, but you didn't
answer and then I started calling hospitals.
Frieda said I’d never find you and so she
called Willis and told him I was worried
about you, that you’d seemed depressed.”
His voice trailed off. He slid to his knees
beside the bed. “Oh, Nan, darling, we’ll
be married tomorrow. ”

  And so Duke didn’t love her, either—
He was only afraid to tell her so, lest she
commit suicide. Nan closed her eyes.

  “Get up and go back to Frieda,” her
voice was low but steady. "We won’t be
married tomorrow—or any other day. We
don’t love each other.” She managed a
twisted smile. “Tell Frieda there’ll be no
hard feelings. I’m really grateful to her
for coming back.”

  Duke’s expression changed slowly from
disbelief to a mixture of relief and hurt
ego, which made Nan uncertain whether
she wanted to laugh or cry. He said,
“You’re absolutely sure?”

  “Positive. I thought my heart was hurt
that other time, but now I know it was
only my pride. I guess I’ve grown up at
last, Duke, learned to take things.” There
was a trace of bitterness in her voice be-
cause she was thinking—I can even take
knowing I love a man who doesn’t love
me.

  The door swung open, admitting a red-
haired tornado. "Your time’s up!”

  It is hard to make a dignified exit when
another man finds you on your knees be-
side a girl’s bed, but Duke managed.

  "Is that any way to speak to a visitor?”
Nan asked when she and Jere were alone,
afraid to let a silence grow between them.

  “No, it’s not. But it’s the way to speak
to a two-timing stuffed shirt!”

  “Aren’t you forgetting that he’s my
fiance.”

  “He is not. Oh, I know it’s not nice to
eavesdrop, but I gave the guy five minutes
before I started listening.”

  Jere was across the room and down be-
side the bed where Duke had been only a
minute ago. Only this time, it didn’t seem
silly—it seemed wonderful, too good to be
true.

  "Nan, dearest, if you hadn’t got hep to
him I’d have broken your neck.”

  “But, Jere, what’s it to you, you
don’t—”

  “Love me. You don’t want a wife,”
Jere finished the sentence for her. “You’re
mixed in your tenses, darling. I didn’t
want to love you, and I didn’t want a
wife—” He stopped, his voice becoming
sober. "Did you ever want to murder,
Nan?”

  She shook her head.

  “Well I have. Twice tonight. First
when I found Williams choking you, and
again when Duke came running back—
We won’t go into that, but at least it
knocked all the silly notions out of my
head. Nan, dearest, will you forget how—”
Nan had only one arm but she used it to
advantage. As she pulled the rumpled red-
head close against her breast she knew it
was the thing she had been wanting to do
since the first day she saw him.

  “Jere,” she said, much later, “why did
you kiss me that night?”

  “Because you made me so damned mad.
I’d done everything and you wouldn’t re-
act. So I thought, ‘To hell with her, she’s
nothing but a sleeping beauty.’ And then
I remembered how the prince wakened the
sleeping beauty—”

  “And so you kissed me and it saved my
life.” Nan’s voice was dreamy.

  “The hell it did,” Jere contradicted.
“The stomach pump did that.”

  “I’ll never believe that. You made me
well by kissing me.” Nan snuggled more
deeply into his arms. “You know, Jere,
I think I’m going to be sick a lot.”

THE END
TJall, ^bark & 4--5

-By VINA

LAWRENCE

That was all Sally knew about
Nick, and yet she offered her
heart before he asked for her
hand.

Sally poured hot coffee from the
thermos and gave Nick a corned
beef sandwich. It was as if he
was someone she had always
known.

THE new welder had his back to
Sally. He was already at work
when she arrived that morning at
her bench in the munitions factory. He
wore a blue coverall and his head was
completely covered by the enormous weld-

er’s helmet. She saw that he was tall
and lean and was apparently having a
wonderful time.

  “Take that, Hitler!” he cried trium-
phantly as he placed his welding torch
against the glowing metal and made the

25
26

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

sparks fly. “That’ll burn off your mus-
tache, you so and so!”

  Sally also wore a blue coverall and her
face and head were covered with a big
welder’s helmet. She took up her torch
and went to work but the whir and noise
of the torches didn’t drown out the new
man’s enthusiasm.

  “Take that, Tokio!” he cried, blazing
away with his torch. “That’ll put a spot
on your rising sun! Take that and
that!”

  This went on for more than an hour,
while everyone in the big welding room
worked away furiously. Only Sally, just
back of the new man, could hear his de-
lighted war cries as he worked.

  Then there was a pause and he turned
and said, “It’s great to be winning the
war, isn’t it, Shorty?” He slapped Sally
a resounding bang on her shoulders.

  She recovered her balance and turned
on him. “Take your hands off me, you
big stiff!” she said.

  The two helmets glared at each other,
although neither of them could see the
other’s face.

  “Great guns, you’re a girl!” the new
man cried.

  Sally’s voice was heavy with sarcasm.
“Could be!” she said grimly.

  “But I didn’t take a good look at you
and I just thought you were a short little
guy behind me. I’m sorry if I nearly
knocked you down. Now that I take a
look at you, I can see that—”

  He was looking at the swell and curve
of her breasts. Size thirty-four bust curv-
ing down to a size twenty-four waist made
something to look at.

  He looked thoughtfully. “I can see
that—that—”

  “I see that you can see!” Sally said,
and she gave him a sharp kick in the shin.

  “Oh. hey now!” he cried. “I didn’t
mean anything! Isn’t there enough going
on in the world without us starting a pri-
vate war?”

  For answer Sally simply turned her
back and picked up her blow torch and
went back to work, sending sparks flying
in all directions. Another hour went by
while the new man worked away, letting
out an occasional burst of triumphant
hate against the enemy. Then another
pause. . . .

  He turned and asked, “Say what do
you look like under that helmet? I mean
do you have a face to match that—that—”

  He was looking at the curves again and
Sally stiffened.

  “Never mind!” he said hastily, “Don’t
kick again. I just wondered if your face
matched or if you were a ghoul.”

  “I’m a ghoul,” Sally said. “I have
green eyes, an eagle beak.” Then she
turned furiously back to her work.

  A half hour later he said, “Well, I
could always take you out with the helmet
on and introduce you as my woman from
Mars.”

  Sally didn’t answer, but after a time
the noon whistle blew, and then sh«
jerked off her helmet. And there she was,
red-gold hair spilling suddenly from het
loosened snood and falling about hex
shoulders in soft, loose waves. Her face
was young and waxy-fresh without make-
up and she had great brown eyes and a
few little freckles on her button nose. Her
lips were wide and bright pink and she
had a stubborn chin.

  She blinked at the new man’s helmeted
face and he stared.

  “Great day in the morning,” he said
simply. Then he took his helmet off and
it was her turn to stare.

HE had crisp brown curls and deep-set
gray eyes and a hard-as-rock brown
face. He was rather frighteningly hand-
some. Tall and dark and lean, and there
was a long cleft in his big chin. Sally
smiled.

  “Hello,” she said and her voice was
suddenly very sweet and very, very fem-
inine. After all, with men getting scarcer
and scarcer, a girl didn’t see anything like
this every day in the week.

  “Hello.” he said and he grinned, show-
ing glinting white teeth. It crinkled his
brown face and made his gray eyes dance.
“I’m Nick Thomas.”

  “I’m Sally Blaine,” she said and then
they shook hands solemnly.

  “You are a darn gorgeous ghoul,” he
said.

  “I’m sorry I kicked you,” she said.

  And then they just looked at each other
some more.

  “It’s great to have a job,” he said then.
“I’ve been without work for three months,
TALL, DARK AND 4-F

27

nearly. I tried my darndest to enlist,
even tried the Merchant Marine, but no
o. I’m stuck in 4-F and that’s that. I
usted my knee cap once in a sort of ship-
wreck and I’ve got a silver plate in my
knee. So they won’t take me. My knee’s
as good as anything, though. I can hike
ten miles and everything, but try to con-
vince them! No, they say I’m 4-F and
so I’m 4-F. So finally I gave up and got
this job and its swell, after all. Say, I bet
I killed about a thousand Japs this morn-
ing. After all, they’ve got to have muni-
tions, huh?”

  “Sure,” Sally said. “This is winning
the war, too, you know. I’m sorry,
though, about your knee. Were you a
sailor when you were hurt?”

  “Not exactly. I had a job on a private
boat, sort of. Say, I’m hungry enough to
eat a horse. Where’s the cafeteria around
here, anyhow?”

  “A cafeteria in a Grant factory?” Sally
scoffed. “Don’t make me laugh! We
bring along a lunch pail here!”

She picked up her red lunch box and
thermos from under her bench and waved
them at him. He looked dismayed.
“Then I haven’t any lunch!” lie cried.
“Mom always puts in more than I can
eat.” Sally said. “Come on.”

  “No kidding? You’ve got enough?”
“Sure,” Sally said leading the way into
a stock room.

  They found a packing case near a large
window and Sally spread her lunch out.
Outside of that window was the little
town of Grantville, Vermont, where she
had always lived. It was a grubby little
factory town, built around the ancient red
brick Grant Sewing Machine Factory.
Only recently the factory had been turned
into a munitions plant and the town was
full of new' workers.

  Sally poured hot coffee from the ther-
mos and gave Nick a corned beef sand-
wich. It was as if he was someone she
had always known.

  “What do you mean no cafeteria?”
he cried. "There ought to be a cafeteria
for this crow'd working here!”

  Sally laughed. “Maybe you ought to
just dash into New York and tell the
Grant Factory board of directors about
it!” she said. “Listen, the Grant Sewing
Machine Factory was founded a hundred

years ago by old N. T. Grant, and they
haven’t changed a thing about it since
then! The factory has just gone on work-
ing people in the same old red brick sweat-
shop, making money for the Grant fam-
ily ! The Grant family moved away from
Grantville years a^o. They are rich New
York society people today. So what? So
when they had to start making munitions
they only made just such changes as they
absolutely had to. Thcv don’t care if we
eat out of a lunch pail!”

  “Say!” Nick cried. "That’s too darn
bad! Why don’t the workers complain?
Why don’t they protest or something?”
Sally shrugged. “Oh, they do,” she
said. “They asked to have that south
brick wall torn out and glass brick put in
for light, and they asked for a cafeteria
and the girls asked for a decent powder
room and even the town people have been
after them to put in a decent first aid
room. But so what? So the Grants keep
going to cocktatil parties and the board
of directors keeps postponing things, and
we keep bringing lunch pails! Here,
have another sandwich?”

  Nick took the other sandwich. “I
didn't know much about things here,” he
said. "I just got in yesterday and the
town’s so crowded that I couldn't even
find a room. I’m staying in the cook’s
room at the local hotel. You don’t know
where I could get a room, do you?”

  Sally knew that he couldn’t get a room.
The town was that crowded, but she had
an idea. If she moved in with her sister
and her two kid brothers took her room,
it would leave the attic room vacant. The
attic room was private and had its own
washroom and a separate entrance from
the back stairs. He would like that.

  "We might have a room at my house,”
she said. “You can come home with me
for dinner and talk to Mom. We’ve nev-
er had a boarder but everyone in town
has to help out now.”

  “That would be swell!” he said. They
stood up then and grinned at each other.
“Thanks for the lunch, ghoul!” he said.

  Sally smiled at him, her heart pound-
ing. Even though a lot of new workers
had come to Grantville. there were still
very few handsome young men in town.
Very, very few. And here was Nick
Thomas—tall, dark, and 4-F! And he
28

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

had dropped right out of the skies into her
very lap.

  It must be fate. Sally went back to
her welding with her eyes shining. Life
was about to arrive in Grantville, she de-
cided. After eighteen years of nothing
happening, Nick Thomas had arrived!

  He stopped his welding in the middle
of the afternoon to ask, “Got a boy
friend?”

  “Well—not really,” Sally said and went
red under her helmet.

  She knew that Eddie Phillips, the fore-
man’s son, considered her his “girl.” He
was slight, sandy headed and drank too
much. He was 4-F, too, from an alco-
holic heart. But he was one of the few
boys left in town, now, so Sally had been
going places with him. She knew that
Eddie really meant to marry her. His
father, John Phillips, the foreman of the
factory, even called Sally, “daughter” in a
joking way.

  In fact everyone in the little town prob-
ably thought there was a sort of under-
standing between Eddie and Sally. But
there wasn’t, really. Sally didn’t even
like Eddie. She was convinced of that
now.

  “I don’t have a real boy friend,” she
said firmly. Because already she knew
that Nick was going to be her new boy
friend.

  “Good !” Nick said. “Then you'll show
me the town tonight?”

  Sally laughed. “There’s one picture
show and two drug stores. There is quite
a hot competition between the two drug
stores. One of them puts both whipped
cream and a cherry on ice cream sodas,
and the other retaliates by giving the cus-
tomers two olives with each sandwich.
It’s a very wild town! Even a juke box
in the drug store on the corner. You can
dance if it isn’t too crowded.”

  “We’ll paint the town red,” Nick prom-
ised. “We’ll take in both soda fountains
and play all the records in the juke box!”

  It was wonderful, really. Because
when she took Nick home for dinner, all
the family liked him. Her mother made
him at home in the attic room and he was
all moved in before dark.

  In fact the late winter dusk was hanging
like a pale lavendar wrap about the shoul-
ders of the little town when Sally and

Nick started out to paint things red. A
bit of silver moon hung above the hills
and the stars were out like jewels.

  Sally had put on her beige coat with the
fur collar and Nick was more handsome
than she could have believed in his gray
tweeds. They walked down the two
blocks of Main Street and Sally knew that
everyone in town would know about her
new man in an hour!

  At the end of the Main Street they halt-
ed, for the sidewalk ended. Sally pointed
up the hillside to the pointed turrets of a
dark old mansion at the top of the hill.

  “That’s our local castle,” she said, “the
old Grant mansion. It’s been boarded up
for ten years now. Ever since the old
man’s death. None of the younger Grants
have even been back for a visit since the
funeral. Once in a while a servant comes
up to check things or something, but
otherwise it’s vacant. An awful waste,
isn’t it? It would make a swell com-
munity center with dances in the big old
ballroom.”

  Nick stuffed his hands in his pockets
and looked up at the dark mansion.
“You’re darned right,” he said.

A ND so then they went to the picture
show and first to one drug store and
then to the other. At the second drug
store they played the juke box and danced
in a vacant room in back. Other couples
were there and Sally introduced Nick to
everyone. Presently Eddie Phillips came
in.

  He was flushed and angry looking, and
Sally knew that he had been drinking.
Sally was dancing close in Nick’s arms
when Eddie came over and tapped Nick’s
shoulder.

  “Break!” he said.

  “You’ve been drinking too much, Ed-
die!” Sally said quietly.

  “Come on and dance with me! You’re
my girl, you know!” Eddie said loudly.

  “She doesn’t want to dance with you,”
Nick said. “So that’s that. Go drink
some black coffee!”

  Eddie glared at Nick. “I’ve heard all
about you!” he said. “News travels fast
in this town, you know. You’re a new
fellow at the factory, but it sure looks
funny to me that you have moved right
into Sally’s house!”
TALL, DARK AND 4-F

29

  “Do you mean anything by that?” Nick
asked coldly.

  “I mean just what you think I mean!”
he said. “And Sally’s going to get her-
self talked about!”

  “I’d hate to hit a drunk man!” Nick
said.

  “Oh, would you! Well, you aren’t
drunk, so I guess it’ll be all right if I hit
you!” Eddie hit Nick a hard, unexpect-
ed blow on his chin that sent him against
a door that opened 011 a porch.

  Nick caught his balance and rushed at
Eddie. He pushed him outside and
yanked him down the steps to an old rain
barrel full of last night’s rain water. He
ducked Eddie’s head in the cold water,
and everyone laughed. But Sally went
white, for she knew how much influence
Eddie’s father had at the factory. She
knew this would make Eddie and his
whole family furious.

  They would be furious with Sally, as
well as Nick, for allowing a strange boy
to humiliate their son. The whole town
would probably feel that Sail)' had gone
too far. Eddie drank but he was a home
town boy.

  Sally was silent as they walked home
but Nick laughed about it.

  “If you had liked him, I wouldn’t have
done it,” he said. “He was just jealous
but I could tell you didn’t like him.”

  “No, I didn’t like him,” Sally said.
“But small towns are funny, Nick. They
don’t like outsiders to come in and take
their girls and stick their heads down rain
barrels!”

  “You aren’t his girl!” Nick cried.

  “Not any more, you may be sure of
that!” Sally said and laughed now, and
then she looked at Nick and knew that no
matter if people talked about her, he was
worth it!

DURING the next few weeks Sally’s
life became just so much a part of
Nick’s that it was hard to look back to a
time when-she didn’t know him. They
ate their lunch together every da}' and
sometimes talked until they forgot to eat.
In the evenings after they had finished
work they went to the show or sat around
talking to other factory workers Nick had
met and liked. Jerry and Lane, two men
at the factory who were intensely in favor

of improvements at the factory, often
came to talk to Nick because he was so
sympathetic and interested.

  It was as if all her life had been wait-
ing for him.

  Then one night she awoke from a sound
sleep and saw the moonlight flooding her
bedroom. A soft whistling sound came
from the orchard and she rushed to the
window. Nick’s tall, striding form was
coming up the lane. Apparently he had
gone out for a moonlight walk. How won-
derful ! Sally had always wanted to go
out into the moonlight in the dead of the
night and had never had the courage.

  Somehow, now, she just had to go out
and meet Nick.

  She slipped quickly into slacks and a
polo coat and ran softly down the back
stairs. The moonlight poured down,
white hot and magic, glistening on the
dew. Sally had no idea of the time. She
only knew that this was a wonderful night
and she had to be out in it with Nick!

  “Hey!” she whispered. “Night owl!
I saw you and came down! It must be
after midnight!”

  He laughed softly and put his arm
through hers. “It is nearly five o’clock
in the morning,” he said. “I’ve been out
looking at—at the country side. You’d
better get back to bed!”

  “And leave this beautiful moon! I’m
wide.awake and you’ll have to take me
walking in the moonlight now!” Sally
said, laughing.

  Nick laughed. “In New York five in
the morning is quite a conventional hour
to be coming home but I’m afraid that
here—well, do you dare?”

  “I do dare!” Sally laughed. “Come
and I‘ll show you the top of the hill where
I used to go when I was a little girl.”

  And so they climbed a hill back of the
house and watched the sleeping town be-
low them, wrapped in a veil of moon-
light.

  She shivered and he put his arm about
her. It was then he kissed her for the
first time. He just held her to him and
put his lips on hers, very tenderly, very
sweetly, and Sally knew that the fire he
set then would never go out.

  He let her go and said, huskily, “Sally,
that—that wasn’t the way I meant to do
it. I meant to say a lot of things but—
30

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

let’s go back now!” He took her arm.

  And so they went back in silence and
Sally clung to his arm.

  The dawn was silver pink and gleaming
as they fan, a little guiltily, back along
the path. An automobile passed them
in the misty road and Sally gave a little
cry.

  “What will happen to my reputation,
Nick Thomas?” she laughed. “You are
giving me big city ways, coming in at
dawn!”

  But there was nothing to feel guilty
about, really, she told herself when she
was back in her room. A moonlight stroll
and a kiss, that was all. Yet she felt as
if she had done something wrong, and
all day the feeling haunted her. It was
at five o’clock when John Phillips, the big,
red-faced foreman, sent for her to come to
his office.

  He didn’t ask her to sit down and he
spoke bluntly.

  “Sally, I’m disappointed in you. I
thought you were the sort of girl who
could work along side of men without
losing your head and turning theirs. But
I think you’ll have to leave the factory.
I don’t like to fire you. but after all the
town is getting full of more mature and
more experienced workers and— Maybe
we can use you in the office later."

  She was fired like that!

  “But what in the world brought this
about?” she cried. “Of course, Eddie is
angry with me but you aren’t so little
that—”

  He looked her in the eyes. “I passed
you in a car at dawn this morning, Sally.
You were walking along the road with
that new fellow at dawn! In this town
we don’t want a girl who will do that sort
of thing working in this factory. I guess
that’s about all, Sally.”

  She turned wordlessly and left. She
didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. She
wondered if John Phillips would tell his
wife, and she knew he would. His wife
would spread it and enlarge it. It would
scandalize the town.

  She had lost her job because she had
gone out into the moonlight with Nick and
had come in at dawn! But she kept a
stiff upper lip about it and passed it off
casually enough at home.

  “Too many experienced men are com-

ing to town for welding jobs,” she ex-
plained at supper. “They are transfer-
ring me to the office, but for a while I’ll
be doing nothing.”

  She told it so lightly that the family
took it casually. Her mother was glad to
have her back home to help, especially
since Nick made extra cooking. And Sal-
ly found that she loved being home, know-
ing that she was cooking for Nick, having
him come home from work and find her
fresh and lovely, having him praise her
cooking.

  She was quite aware that the town was
gossiping but she didn’t care. When she
and Nick were married, all that talk would
stop soon enough ! Anyhow nothing mat-
tered now only Nick.

AND so the day came when Nick said,
“Say, tomorrow is my birthday. Are
you going to make me a birthday cake,
Sally?”

  And immediately Sally began to plan a
little dinner for him. a cake with candles.
She would ask some of the friends he had
made at the plant and they would have a
special little dinner.

  It was an unusually warm day in March
when they sat on the front veranda, plan-
ning the birthday. Sally was holding
Nick’s hand and laughing up at him when
a car stopped in front of the house.

  Both Sally and Nick stood up as a
group of lovely girls and two men stepped
out of the expensive car.

  “Who on earth. . . .” Sally cried.

  Nick had gone scarlet and he jammed
his fists into his pockets.

  “Friends of mine from New York,” he
said. “Sally, I—”

  But he had no time to say more. The
three girls and two men had reached the
veranda and were screaming at him as he
went out to greet them.

  “Nickey Grant!” one of the girls yelled
in a shrill voice. “You old meanie, we’ve
come to take you back to town for your
birthday! We’ve planned the most mar-
velous party at my penthouse. Caviar and
everything and everyone will be there.
And I’ve got the best orchestra on Broad-
way to play for you! You can certainly
get away from the old factory for a few
days. After all, it's your factory.”

  Sally stood in the doorway, hearing
TALL, DARK AND 4-F

31

what was said, and her heart just leaped
to her throat. Grant.... Nickey Grant!

  He turned and caught her arm and in-
troduced her to the group. There was a
lean, mustached youth named Bill and a
short middle-aged man called Fredie.
There was a girl called Candy who had
blonde hair and another girl with even
blonder hair called Alice. And there was
the tall, very dark, olive-skinned girl with
green eyes named Diane who had put her
arms about Nick and kissed him possess-
ively.

  “Sally,” Nick said, “I’m sorry for you
to find out who I am this way. You see,
the directors made me promise not to tell
my name here. They didn’t object to me
getting a job at the factory, but they
thought it would sound like phony pub-
licity if it made the papers. Anyhow, I
didn’t want any favors. I just wanted to
work here and find out w'liat it was all
about for myself. ...”

  “Then your name is—”

  “My name is Nicholas Thomas Grant,

III,” he said simply. “My uncles and
the directors have charge of the factory
now, but some dav it will belong to me.”

  “I see ...” Sally said.

  “Well,” Diane said, “Uncle certainly
hasn’t liked the reports you wrote him.
He read about these people here who
want all sorts of improvements made. He
said they were radicals and that he was
coming down to fire the ringleaders! He’s
planning to come back with you, I
think—”

  “Nick!” Sally cried. Her face was pa-
per white. “You didn’t write and tell
them w’hat Jerry and Lane said, did you?
That was in confidence! And now they’ll
be fired! Nick, how could you—”

  She clung to his arm, looking up into
his face.

  “Well!” Diane said. “Fancy! She
seems rather emotional over you. Maybe
you also forgot to tell her that we are en-
gaged!”

  “Engaged. ...” Sally whispered.

  Nick was crimson. But he looked into
Sally’s eyes and said, “That’s right. My
engagement to Diane was announced last
summer. She didn’t want me to come up
and work in the factory but— But we
didn’t break our engagement, did we,
Diane?”

  “We certainly did not!” Diane said.
“And I can see that it was about time
for me to come and get you! You wrote
that you had found a cozy place to stay
but I had no idea how very cozy!”

  But Sally was still staring into Nick's
face. A Grant . . .

  “And I told you all about the Grant
family and showed you the house!” she
said. “You must have been laughing at
me!”

  “Sally, I wasn’t laughing!” Nick cried.
“I wanted like the devil to tell you, but
girls will talk and I’d promised the direc-
tors. But I meant to go down to New
York in a few' more weeks and get back
that promise and—Sally, there was so
much I wanted to tell you: That I got
my knee hurt on my own yacht and that
the night I came in at five o’clock, I had
spent the night roving over the old Grant
mansion with my flashlight.”

  “Nickey!” Diane said sharply. “Are
you going to get your things and come
w'ith us or not? Don’t tell me that the
charms of this place have got you down!”
He hesitated, still looking at Sally.
But Sally had grown suddenly cold and
hard with rising anger.

  “Yes, lie’s going!” she said bluntly.
“He wouldn’t want to stay here now. I
don't think he would find it very pleasant
here now.”

THEN she turned and ran to her room
and wept. He went, all right, for
she heard him calling good-bye, heard the
car driving away.

  In the two weeks that followed, Sail)'
w-as tense and white and silent. He wrote
her letters from New York, but she sent
them back unopened. His was another
life and another girl, and Sally didn’t in-
tend to try to eat any crumbs he might
throw her. The townspeople were saying
that he had jilted Sally and she let them
talk. Nothing mattered. Nothing would
ever matter again. . . .

  And then one day she was on Main
Street at the market across from the fac-
tory when Molly Jones, who worked in
the factory, saw Sally.

  “Look, Sally,” Molly said. “They're
putting in all the improvements in the fac-
tory, the glass wall and the powder room
and the cafeteria. ...”
32

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

  Sally looked and saw the workmen.
“Yes, they are!” she cried.

  “They have fifty workmen here, so it
can all be done in a couple of days and
won’t interfere with the factory produc-
tion,” Molly cried. “And young Nick
Grant is taking the money right out of
his own pocket because he couldn’t get
any action out of the board of directors.
Isn’t it wonderful?”

  Sally only stood there looking at the
bricks being torn down from the south
wall of the factory. So Nick was back in
town! For a moment that was all she
could think of, all she could feel. Then
she heard his voice at her elbow.

  “Sure, it’s wonderful,” he said.

  Then Sally turned about and faced him.
His gray eyes were laughing, just as if he
hadn’t ruined her life and left her picking
up the bits. She looked at him and an
unreasoning fury rose in her breast.

  “Oh, I don’t know!” she said tensely.
“We wanted all these improvements at
the factory, all right, but we wanted them
because we deserved them and not be-
cause—not because a playboy took pity
on the poor underpriviledged workers!
We don’t like charity, Nick Grant!”

  Then she felt the tears stinging her
eyes and she turned and rushed away.
But he followed her up Main Street and
right in front of the corner drug store he
caught up with her. He caught both her
arms and turned her to him so that he
could look down into her flushed face.

  “Listen to me—”

  “Let me go, Nick Grant!” she cried.
“Haven’t you done enough to me? You
made me lose my job and my—my boy
friend and my reputation. You made me
get—fired. And my whole family is scan-
dalized. I’ll never live down what you
did to me. Now don’t start pawing at me
on Main Street. Go away and leave me
alone. Go away and leave Grantville
alone! We’ve got along without any
Grants for a long time and we can do
without you ! Go on back to Diane before
—before your caviar gets cold!”

SHE would have broken away from him,
but he caught her closer and suddenly
he held her to him and kissed her. He

kissed her right there on the Main Street
in broad daylight! He kissed her hard
and long and long. And then he held her
sobbing, angry body to his.

  “That’ll give the old town something to
talk about for awhile, honey!” he said.
“And you are going to listen to me. I
came back here to live. I’m going to keep
on working in the factory, and I’m going
to open the old mansion and live there
and turn the downstairs over for recrea-
tion rooms. The factory is going to be
enlarged and a lot more workers will be
in town. I’m going to do a lot of things
and I’ll need you, Sally. I came back to
stay and to ask you to marry me!”

 “Marry you!” she gasped. “But
Diane—”

  “Oh, we broke it off. Diane had her
own ideas of what she wanted me to do.
She had a nice desk job lined up and she
thought I’d take it when I got over my
craze for w’orking in the factory. When
she found that I wasn’t going to get over
that craze, she was through plenty quick.
And it was all right with me. We’d never
really hit it off. It was all sort of an ar-
rangement that our families had brought
about. I knew before she came here that
I had to break it off with her because I’d
fallen for you. I didn’t know what it was
like loving someone until I knew you,
Sally.”

  Sally held her breath for a moment,
trying to realize what was happening to
her. She was going to be Mrs. Nicholas
Thomas Grant, III, and she was going to
live in the Grant mansion! How the
town would talk. And how proud she
would be for them to talk about that.

  Nick still had her in his arms and she
looked over his shoulder and saw that
people were staring at them from every
store window and every street corner and
from every passing car. She began to
laugh shakily.

  “You’ll have to marry me now, Nick!”
she said. “Because I think you’ve just
shattered the last shred of my reputa-
tion !”

  “In that case,” he said, “one more kiss
can’t hurt!”

  And so he held her closer and kissed
her again.
Deal We Do Ji

ive

By LUCINDA BAKER1

Her job was to teach math to sol-
diers. But one of her own stu-
dents proved to Sue that
a two-some is more fun
than a lonesome.

THERE was a new class that morn-
ing. Sue Bower took her place
behind the huge desk with her
usual poise and assurance. Her dark
blue suit might have passed for a uniform
except for the crisp, white blouse that

“Is love always like this, Peter?” Sue asked.
“Does it make you happy—and yet afraid of the
end?”

33
34

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

accentuated the gardenia whiteness of
her skin. Her rich brown hair was
parted in the middle and rolled neat-
ly in a little frame around her face.
On other girls, the hair style might
have been sophisticated but it detracted
from Sue’s beauty and made her blue eyes
seem too big for her face.

  But she was the perfect type for a
civilian instructor at the Air Force Tech-
nical school in Chicago. Although she was
only twenty-two she had taught school for
three years in a small Ohio town. When
the Army sent out a call for instructors in
mathematics, she was happy to serve her
country in the way she knew best. She
had majored in math and had never Jiad
an opportunity to use it.

  The Army approved her appearance as
well as her brain power. She wasn’t the
distracting type. Her work was important.
The men who navigated planes and
bombed difficult targets had to know com-
plicated arithmetic, and Sue never forgot
her duty by trying to act as if she w-ere
Lana Turner.

  Sometimes, she sort of wished someone
would ask her to forget her duty, say, for
a date or two every week. Her model
roommate, Joan, was always telling her,
“It’s just that you don’t know how to ex-
press your beauty. What you need is a
lot of lipstick and clothes to show off that
figure of yours. Why, if I had your
chance, I’d be rationing dates!”

  Now Sue put on her spectacles with
tortoise-shell rims, which were awe-in-
spiring to her students. “Good morning/’
she said, with dignity. Sue never had to
cope with flirtation. “I am Miss Bower.
Shall we begin?”

  It was at that precise moment she sud-
denly felt as if someone were staring at
her. Maybe her slip w^as showing. It
wasn’t. But a young man in the last seat
of the front row was looking at her in-
tently. Sue blushed, and then she realized
that his eyes were mostly amused, rather
than flirtatious, and just a tiny bit disbe-
lieving.

  Looking at him in return was quite a
shock. In all her twenty-two years, no
man had had the same effect on her. It
was as if she couldn’t live another minute
without knowing him better. And it cer-
tainly had nothing to do with mathe-

matics. She could have coped with that.

  He was about twenty-seven and his
eyes were as brown as her own hair, full
of gold sparkles that meant danger. He
had unruly, close-cropped brown curls,
which he probably hated. He was tall,
even sitting down, and he looked the way
a man in uniform ought to look, flat and
hard and broad shouldered. He gave her
a small salute, and a grin.

  She thought, “You’re laughing at me,
not with me,” and she looked away, care-
fully, pretending she hadn’t noticed. “We
will proceed with the problems for today.”

EVERY day for a week, she was ter-
ribly conscious of him there in the
front row. And this class was different
from the ones that had gone before. It
had an air of gayety about it. And some-
how Sue knew that Private Peter Murray
was to blame.

  Then one night just as she was leaving
the building he was waiting outside.
“Hello, Miss Bow'er.” he began. “May I
talk to you about something?”

  “Of course,” Sue said. Her heart was
beating a tattoo against her ribs.

  “It’s about that newest theory you ex-
plained to us. I can’t quite get it.”
Her heart stopped pounding and went
back to normal. “I’ll help if I can.”

  “I certainly would appreciate it,” Peter
continued, taking her brief case.

  The wondered desperately what to say
next. He was evidently seeing her home.
“Actually, arithmetic is fascinating,” she
began. “It isn’t difficult if you get started
right.”

  “You’re a girl, and yet you think in
terms of algebra and geometry!” There
was awe in his voice.

  She said defensively, “People don’t
know how interesting those subjects are.”
But she knew she really didn’t care.

  Peter helped her aboard a double-deck-
er bus. “Miss Bower, did you ever
stop to think that maybe you’re missing
a lot? I mean, you’ve been teaching this
new class a w-eek, and nobody knows
anything about you. You discourage all
attempts at getting acquainted. You act—
sort of frozen.”

  Sue said crisply, "My job is to teach
arithmetic to soldiers, not to provide a
central heating system!”
TEACH ME TO LIVE

35

  “Don’t be angry, please!” Peter argued
anxiously. “I know I’m barging in. But
I like to see everybody happy, and from
the first day, I’ve noticed your eyes are
sad. You look afraid, as if life were pass-
ing you by. What you need is to thaw out.
It’s easy if you know how.”

  Sue’s heart had started going too fast
again. But she wasn’t angry any more.
Peter Murray’s voice somehow prevented
that. It was so quiet and friendly. And
there was something about it she couldn’t
have explained, something that made her
go on listening.

  “What I wanted to suggest,” Peter
went on politely, “is that if you would
help me with the toughest mathematical
problems, off duty, that is, I’d show you
how to let go and have fun. Oh. I know
that sounds presumptuous, but I know all
about you. You look as if life were just
a problem in geometry. But it isn’t, Sue.
Every day ought to be exciting!”

  “And you . . . really think I could
learn?” she asked, hesitantly, reminding
herself that there was nothing personal in
the suggestion. It was just a bargain, a
busines transaction.

  “You ought to be dating a different
soldier every night!” Peter asserted.
“And you could.” He sketched a vivid
future. “You’re cute, under that icy ex-
terior. All you need is to be taught how
to have fun.”

  Sue couldn't be angry. She knew he
was right. Peter’s brown eyes had pene-
trated the icy wall between her and hap-
piness. Joan would have told him to run
along, that she could run her own life.

  But she didn’t say that. She knew she
would grasp at any chance which let her
be near Peter Muray. “All right,” she
said. “I’ll help you with mathematics and
you . . . can teach me how to live.”
“How about beginning tonight?” he
suggested. "I’m at liberty for several
hours. We could get off this bus and go to
a place I know where we could have din-
ner and dance. And then we’ll fix a
time to study.”

  She knew in her heart that for a chance
to go with Peter, she would have agreed
to almost any idea. So she said, “All
right, Peter, if you really think it’ll be
worth my help tutoring you.”

  “I really do.” He grinned. “When

we’re finished, I’ll be a mathematical
shark, and you’ll be the siren of the Army
Air Force Technical School.”

  They went to a little cafe on Rush
Street, where the specialty of the house
was spaghetti, and you chose your music
from hundreds of records. They danced
and Sue had the sensation of floating in a
dream.

  Peter kept speaking to people he knew,
and his grin was a bright magnet warm
as sunshine. Sue felt suddenly alone in
the midst of the music, thinking of how
terrible it would be to go back to a life
that didn’t include his smile. And yet,
she would have to, unless she somehow
miraculously became the kind of girl he
went for.

  After they danced some more, and had
dinner, it was time to go. Outside, they
walked a little while down Michigan Ave-
nue. “Thanks for tonight,” she told him,
almost wistfully. “I guess you were right.
What I need is to thaw out. I didn't know
how to start.”

  “You’ve started now,” Peter grinned.
She was crazily thankful that he needed
help in mathematics.

THE next day she went to class in a
dress she had considered too festive
before. It was beige, with a red belt and a
bright red patch pocket. She didn’t just
imagine it. The class was different that
morning. Several of the men smiled at her
when she was explaining problems. The
smiles were almost flirtatious, amused, but
Sue ignored the amusement.

  Peter came that evening for his first
lesson. He had to leave early, but they
had time for some intensive work. Before
they began, Sue asked. "I’m doing better
already, don’t you think?”

  Peter pretended to examine her. “You
certainly are. Several of the fellows in
class noticed, too. Before the term is
over, you’ll be dating all of them.”

  “But I want just to date you!” She
almost said it aloud. To cover embarrass-
ment she hurriedly began explaining a
difficult problem. Peter listened all eve-
ning. He wasn’t nearly as ignorant about
figures as she had thought. He learned
very easily. If he had any difficulties it
was probably because he was occasionally
lazy.
36

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

  He was just preparing to go when Joan
came home to dress for a late date. She
was adorable, all gold and cream loveli-
ness. Sue couldn’t miss the look that
passed between Joan and Peter. It was
a look of genuine interest, of challenge,
the kind of look Peter had never given
Sue.

  Suddenly she knew she was dreaming a
desperate dream to think Peter would
ever think of her as anything but a good
deed.

  Joan was saying, “I believe I know
Peter. We met at a party.”

  “Tom Grayson’s, wasn’t it?” Peter re-
membered, or else he was just inventing
on the spur of the moment. “This is the
first chance I’ve had to really see you. At
the party, the stag line was three deep
around you. ”

  A few minutes later, he had gone, and
there was panic in Sue’s heart. Peter
didn’t belong to her and she knew it. He
was just doing a good deed.

  Joan took off her make-up. “So Peter
is the one responsible for the change in
you, Sue. I was sure you looked differ-
ent.”

  Sue protested, “I’m afraid that was an
optical illusion. I’m just helping Peter
with his studies.”

  “That’s a relief. Peter Murray is strict-
ly for smarties. He lost his amateur rating
as Prince Charming long ago. You can’t
be an amateur and date him without get-
ting hurt.”

  Sue felt incredibly that something in-
side her was slowly freezing. The first
time she saw him she had known he was
smooth and popular.

  The next morning she used a new
shade of lipstick, painting her lips just the
way Joan did, into a shining red curve
which dominated her pale, small face. The
pallor didn’t just come from not wearing
rouge, but from a strained feeling about
her heart.

  One of the students asked her, eyes
mockingly humorous, “Miss Bower,
you’re slipping. If you wear that much
lipstick, we aren’t going to keep our
minds on our work. It’s sabotage, in a
way.”

  In fact, the whole attitude of the class
seemed changed. Even though it wasn’t
expressed in words, Sue could sense it.

It was as if every one of the soldiers were
watching, seeing the ice melt away from
her. But she didn’t care. In fact, she was
glad.

IT WAS Friday night, and Peter made
a date for Saturday. “It’s your turn,
Sue. Tomorrow night we’ll polish up on
the fine points of a siren’s technique.”
He grinned, “Of course there are some
things you have to pick up for yourself.
Forget about mathematics and let your-
self go.”

  Sue thought, I don’t want to be a siren
except to you. I like the way you laugh,
the way you know life will always be
thrilling. But aloud, she said, “I’ve made
up my mind to make a success of this
problem.”

  “It isn’t a problem. That’s been your
trouble. Life has been all problems in
mathematics, and no fun!”

  She knew it would make her late, but
she went shopping after class. She was
reckless, extravagant, and told the sales-
girl, “I want something dangerous. Some-
thing for a siren!”

  “For you, Miss?” she was asked,
dubiously.

  But in the end, she found just what she
wanted, a black chiffon formal, appliqued
with black chantilly lace.

  As she selected new makeup, she
studied her own image and was aston-
ished. Her eyes were lustrous, her lips
parted in expectation, her chin reckless
with determination. If Peter Murray
liked sirens, she would be one! Time was
getting short, she knew that. He would
be finding someone who didn’t have to be
taught about life.

  She even had time for a quick hairdo,
that Saturday afternoon, in a down-town
salon. Her dark brown curls were cut
short, feathery and sweet about her face,
turning it into an ivory heart.

  Peter was already waiting for her when
she reached the apartment. He and Joan
were carrying on an intimate conversation.
Joan said brightly, “I’ve entertained him,
Sue, darling. He told me all about your
agreement. I think it’s the best thing that
ever happened to you, honestly I do.”

  It was as if someone had thrown cold
water in Sue’s face. She hated having
Joan know the truth.
TEACH ME TO LIVE

37

  Peter said, dark brows amused, “Joan
could give you some hints. Her code
matches mine. She’s always ready for a
thrill, so thrills never pass her by.”

  Joan purred, “Yes, darling. I’ve tried
to explain it before, but you never seemed
interested. But now that you’re out of
your coccoon, here’s the lowdown: Be
carefree. Expect life to hold something
romantic every day. And remember
that a two-some is more fun than a lone-
some.”

  Sue said defiantly, “I’d rather find out
by myself, Joan!”

  She went to her room and while she
was dressing Joan’s date called for her.
So when Sue came into the sitting room
Peter was alone. He was playing the
spinet piano and his back was turned to
Sue.

  “That Joan is bad for a man’s peace
of mind,” he said with a laugh.

  Sue said, “I’m ready.”

  When he turned his face mirrored his
surprise, but only for a moment. Then he

grinned, the old, easy-going, let’s-have-
fun, Peter Murray grin. “Hi, here, siren.
Shall we go?”

THEY went to Camellia House, and
the Buttery, and the Chez Paris.
Sue’s feet moved magically to the music,
though perhaps it was because Peter
knew how to guide them. Anyway, the
evening was a success. Before it was an
hour old, Sue forgot to think.

  As they were leaving Camellia House
it started to snow. When they went from
one place to the next, just down the street,
the white flakes clung to Sue’s hair, to
her eyelashes, and her laughter was muted
in the white softness.

  They turned in at a door, and in the
soft glow of the light, Peter looked down
at her. “Sue, it’s nothing short of a
miracle, the way you’ve changed!”

  Her voice was shaken, “I guess I’m
your star pupil. Everything is different.
I’ll never be afraid to live again! I’ve
missed so much.”

ftlllllllMIHMIIIIIIIIIIUNIMIIHIIUIHIHinilllMIIIIMMUIIimill

        The Love Story Magazine
        You’ve Been Waiting For!

The stories are long—they’re exciting—they’re modern.

Read

Danger—Women at Work!

By Mary Vincent

Don’t Give the Bride Away

By Richard Worthington

SEVEN PERFECT LOVE
STORIES BY THE BEST
ROMANCE WRITERS IN
THE FIELD.

Kieses Don’t Just Happen
By Ruth Herbert

And Others

The March Issne is on sale on
your newsstand January 27th
Don’t Miss It!

3
38

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

  She wanted to tell him that the miracle
was love.

  “Sue,” Peter said, and his eyes did not
leave hers. He lifted her off her feet, and
kissed her lips. “Sue, you’re . . . very
sweet, very lovely.”

  Somehow she had always known that
kissing Peter was sure to be like this, a
sweet tide of feeling sweeping everything
else aside. And she had known that after
she kissed him, life would never be the
same again.

  It was very simple, really, the simplest
mathematical equation in the world, this
was love. It was a word you read about,
and then it happened to you.

  Peter was looking at her almost as if he
were seeing a stranger, and she said, not
really knowing how it sounded, “Is love
always like this Peter ? Does it make you
happy and yet afraid it may end?” She
laughed, uncertainly, “I guess you've real-
ly—thawed me out.”

  A crowd came out of the door, ruining
the moment, and Sue went on inside, with
Peter following. It was noisy and crowd-
ed, and they didn't have time to talk,
but it was enough to dance with Peter and
to realize, over and over again, that she
had known his kiss.

  A little later he discovered there was
just time to put her in a taxi and get back
to his quarters. The night had vanished
almost weirdly. It might almost have been
a dream.

  When Sue came in, Joan was already
removing her makeup. “Hello, darling,”
she said. “You look as if a star had ex-
ploded in your hands and covered you
with glitter dust. Or am I wrong?”

  “I’ve missed so much, Joan!” Sue
said. “I've been locked in a cage of ice.”

  “Or a cage of mathematics,” Joan said.

  Sue didn’t tell her about Peter. She
wanted to keep the knowledge of her love
secret for a while.

  All the next day there were no mes-
sages on the telephone stand, and all after-
noon the telephone stayed maddeningly
still. Sue spent Sunday afternoon wash-
ing her hose and doing various odds and
ends. And still nothing happened. Noth-
ing, that is, until after she had gone to
bed.

  There was the sound of a key rattling
in the lock, and Joan’s voice, breathless,

saying, “Thanks, Peter! I’ll never forget
today. Nobody ever took me on a winter
picnic, before. You have wonderful ideas.
Life will never be dull for you.”

  Before the door closed, plainly as any-
thing, Sue heard Peter’s voice. “Thanks,
Joan. You’re pretty exciting yourself.
You’re the kind of girl a soldier dreams
of being stranded with some place.”
Then there was a short silence, long
enough for a kiss, before the door closed.

  Sue was trembling with anger and
heartbreak when Joan turned on the light.
“You dated Peter!” she gasped. “When
you knew. ...” Her face flamed as she
realized she was a fool to show her feel-
ings.

  Joan took off her sweater and skirt.
She said, “Listen, Sue, all I knew was
that you had some sort of business ar-
rangement with Peter. You were going
to teach him mathematics in return for a
few helpful hints on being a success with
men. He may have been romantic with
you last night, but don’t you know you
should never take a man of Peter’s type
too seriously? Just because you dated
him once doesn’t mean it’s permanent.
Men like Peter don’t play for keeps.”
Sue turned off the light. “Would you
mind undressing in the bathroom?” she
asked Joan. “I want to go to sleep.”
What she meant was that she wanted to
hide, there in the dark, in case she cried.

  All her life, she had been facing facts,
so that was what she did now. Joan was
right. Peter hadn’t said, “I love you.”
He had just kissed her, and she’d jumped
to conclusions without waiting. She had
certainly arrived at the wrong answer.
She’d flunked at love, even if she was a
whiz at geometry. Both she and Peter
were successful teachers. He knew about
life, and she could do complicated arith-
metic.

IN THE morning, she had to go to school
as usual. She didn’t want to, but she
knew her duty. She was a little late, after
trying to do something about her tear-
ravaged eyes.

  But now, she was her new self. Short
bob, perky and cute, lipstick shiny and
bright as a model’s, she wore one of
Joan’s bright sweathers. It was very
effective. She could tell that when she
went up to her class-room.
TEACH ME TO LIVE

39

  It was in perfect order, of course, for
this was the Army. But she could almost
feel the little gasp of attention that went
over the men as she took her place.
Sternly, she began the lesson, not looking
at Peter Murray, but she could sense his
presence. It was a savage torture she was
going to have to endure, learn to ignore.

  But how can you ignore heartbreak?
Instead of standing there in her new hair-
do and makeup and scarlet sweater, she
wanted to run away and hide.

  The class was finally dismissed. As the
men filed past her desk, she heard one of
them say, very low, “My money was on
Peter Murray. He knows his girls as he
does his arithmetic. He was an account-
ant in civilian life, and he certainly trans-
formed teacher.”

  Peter was one of the last to go out, but
he didn’t march with the rest. He said,
“Sue, what’s wrong with you?”

 Somehow she managed to speak
through stiff, cold lips. “You’d better go,
Peter. I learned about your little joke by
accident just a second ago. I guess I
should have known it all the time. I
should have guessed! I should have
known last night when you dated Joan.”
As long as she lived she would remem-
ber his eyes, intent on her, as she went
on recklessly, “It was sweet of you to
help me, especially since you knew all
about mahematics any way. You don’t
need asistance with anything, do you?”
She turned to go, but he held her, his
fingers tight about her shoulders, “Listen,
Sue, I’m risking plenty by talking to you
when I ought to be on my way to another
class. So you’ve got to let me talk!”

  She struggled. “Let me go. I was silly
to take for granted that your kissing me
was more than a part of my education.
You taught me how to live, and I’ll never
forget the lesson. I guess learning it was
a little hard, but after today it will never
hurt me again.”

  “That’s a lie,” he accused; his mouth
was hard, determined. “If you don’t let
me finish, there will never be a moment

when the memory of this doesn’t hurt
you. The truth is, Sue, I made the date
with Joan before you and I went out. You
were late getting home, and ... I guess I
still thought of myself as footloose. Sue,
try to understand this . . . every man is an
adventurer until he finds the right girl.
Conquest is fun. When I saw Joan, I
guess I acted according to habit.” He
stopped, then began again, “I didn’t know
I loved you, Sue, until later, when I kissed
you. You can’t hate me for that. I doubt
if you knew it, either. It took me all day
to realize that I didn’t want to date Joan
or anyone else, and that though I was sup-
posedly trying to teach you how to live,
I was getting an education myself. I was
learning how to love. I didn’t ever want
you to know about the joke part. It was
just that soldiers have fun, they have to
make a joke out of everything else. I
made a bet that you could be a siren, un-
derneath that icy exterior, and I was
right. But—I’m sorry, Sue. I’m sorry,
and I want to forget it. All I want to do
is to love you.”

  “You’re sorry for me,” she retorted,
anguished. “Please, Peter, don’t make it
any worse by being sorry!”

  “It would take more than sympathy to
make me go A.W.O.L. from my next
class!” he told her. “I’ll meet you out-
side the hotel when you’re finished.” He
kissed the tip of her nose. “I can’t go
through the day with lipstick on my face,
so that will have to do,” he said, “and
remember, darling, when I transform a
girl into a siren, I want her for myself.
Just ignore any soldiers you see, except
me.”

  It was a small kiss, not like the one of
two nights before. But she knew suddenly
that he wasn’t sorry for her. He shared
her thankfulness for love. He disappeared
around the corner in the hall, and she
wished intently that it were evening, and
he was waiting for her, outside.

  She stood there, not sensing the pas-
sage of time. A star had really exploded
in her hands, flooding her life with a spray
of what Joan had called “glitter dust.”

MONEY TALKS!

Make it speak the only language the Nazis and Japs understand:
The rumble of tanks, the zoom of planes, the bursting of bombs!
Buy War Bonds every pay-day!
Paul Vickers took models in his
stride until Julia’s lovely face
came before his camera, and her
beauty teas such a sacred thing to
him that to save her from heart-
break he hoped to keep her from
success.

He tried to concentrate on the music, on the
fragrance of Babs’ black hair, but his eyes were
drawn to those two at the table.

40
Slap in ^f]^^J4eaven

-By VIRGINIA NIELSEN-

PAUL VICKERS puffed reflectively
on his pipe as he looked at the slight,
rather pale girl before him. Be-
hind his glasses his nice-looking young
eyes were sizing her up shrewdly.

  Her prettiness was of the elfin variety.
There was a touch of wistfulness, a hint
that once her shyness evaporated, she
could be merry. Her clothes did not fit
well and she wore practically no makeup.
But that wasn’t his job.

  He thought he saw what Kip Saunders
saw in her—an elusive, sprite-like charm
that was quite new and refreshing. Kip’s
enthusiasms seldom went wrong, and over
the telephone he had been nearly incoher-
ent, rhapsodizing about his latest dis-
covery.

  Paul put down his pipe. “So you want
to be a model,” he growled, unencourag-
ingly.

  “Yes,” she said, and smiled at him.

  He felt a curious contraction some-
where inside him. The girl was an idiot.

41
42

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

She shouldn’t look at anyone as trustingly
as that.

  He said crossly, “Why don’t you go
back to the farm? This is a racket and a
tough one.”

  There was a shy teasing in her laughter
that surprised him. “They told me you
would be like this.”

  “Yeah? Who told you?”

  She blushed but stood her ground. “The
girls over at Mr. Saunders.’ They said
you were a barking dog, the kind that
doesn’t bite.”

  He made a noise in his throat and, turn-
ing away from her, fired some instruc-
tions at his assistant.

  “All right,” he said to her. “So your
mind is made up. Let’s get going.”
Obediently she pulled off her hat. Her
hair was fine, like corn-silk, and it had
the same soft gold in it. She combed it
in the dressing room he indicated, while
he fussed with his lights and the big
camera the assistant had wheeled in
place.

  She came back, looking at him with a
shy, expectant smile, and her eyes plainly
said, “Go ahead and scold me. It doesn't
matter. I can tell by the twinkle in your
eye that you don’t really mean it. I think
you’re really very nice.”

  What could you do but be nice to a
girl like that? Grudgingly Paul ex-
plained. “Don’t expect these pictures to
flatter you. These I make just to help
Saunders.”

  She sat docilely while he arranged her
under the big flat lights, but her gaze
was quick with interest. “How can un-
flattering pictures help him?”

  “Shows him how much room there is
for improvement,” Paul said, dryly.

  Color washed over her pale face and he
thought. Thin-skinned little thing.

  After she had gone he took out the
plates and went into the dark room to
develop them. He was conscious of an
impatience he had not felt for a long time.
As soon as he could, he ran off prints
and held them up to scrutinize them care-
fully.

  Unflattering though they were, the pic-
tures definitely heightened her personality.
There was mystery and invitation and
teasing laughter in her eyes and her smile
was captivating. It was that way some-

times, the camera gave a girl a personality
she scarcely knew she had.

  Paul Vickers stood a long time studying
the prints, his pipe between his lips. She
would be a success, all right, he thought,
and felt a troubling foreboding. Because
she wasn’t the type who could get along
in this game.

'T'HE next time she came to his studio
she carried a swank hatbox, the badge
of the working model. She walked a little
straighter. Her makeup was perfect and
a new hairdo gave a lovelier oval to her
face.

  “Hello,” she said, and he was immeas-
urably pleased to see that she was still a
little shy.

  “Hello, Miss Forrester,” he said, and
added quizzically, “Or is that still your
name?”

  She laughed and he thought it was a
pity the camera couldn’t capture the sound
of it. “Yes. Kip is going to let me keep
my own name. He thinks Julia is quaint.
He says there are enough girls named
Candy and Babs and Gloria already.” She
laughed again. The studio seemed a
warmer, brighter place with her in it.

  “So it’s ‘Kip’ already,” he said dryly.

  She looked a little startled, then blushed
and was silent as he arranged for her
picture.

  Paul was silent, too. He knew Saun-
ders’s way of playing his latest discovery
for a favorite. Someday there would be a
bounce for Julia Forrester. For there was
always a new favorite. There had to be
in this business.

  It was a good thing, Paul thought
grimly, that he had long ago steeled his
heart to the lovely young models he photo-
graphed day after day. Not only to their
beauty but to the young helpless appeal of
the new ones, like this Forrester girl. It
was the only thing to do.

  “You could break your heart over
them,” he told Sarah Bickers, the elderly
but not at all unlively aunt who kept
house for him in his apartment around
the corner from his studios.

  “I’m surprised you don’t,” she teased
him.

  He made an exclamation of disgust.
“They’re in a tough racket,” he said, as
he had said so often. “And what brings
STAR IN MY HEAVEN

43

them in? Vanity. Vanity and a thirst
for cheap fame. If they are too soft to
take it, they can blame no one but them-
selves, can they?”

  “Well,” his Aunt Sarah said, a bit
acidly, “I suppose you have paid for
the right to speak your mind. The softest
touch in town, that’s what you are to
models! They can always count on a loan
from you when they start going down-
hill.”

  With a grunt Paul retired behind his
evening paper, ignoring his aunt’s chuckle.
He read the gossip columns regular-
ly now, for Julia was starting to appear in
them. That was part of Saunders’ tech-
nique. He squired his latest favorite to
all the places where cafe society gathered.
He dressed her and let her be seen. He
enjoyed hearing people say, "Her face is
so familiar, but where have I seen her be-
fore?”

  Julia frankly gloried in her success.
She came very often to Paul’s studio, sent
by one or another of Saunders’ customers.
Her loveliness was more polished now.
But in spite of the poise she was acquir-
ing, she recounted each triumph to Paul
with a naivete like that of a little girl just
home from school and full of what had
happened. She seemed bubbling with hap-
piness.

  As the months wore on, however, there
was another difference in her. She began
looking a little tired. Paul began greet-
ing her with, “What time did you go to
bed last night?” It was seldom early.

  One day he said grimly, when they hap-
pened to be alone in the studio, “Saun-
ders isn’t going to like these pictures.”
Her eyes widened. “Why?”

  “Your late hours are going to show
up in them,” he said. “To say nothing of
those last three drinks.”

  She wrinkled her nose and laughed at
him. "But he bought the drinks.”

  “Laugh while you can, beautiful,” Paul
said. “If you’re tired of being a model,
it’s no concern of mine. There are plenty
of models. And you can always find an-
other job.”

  Her elfin face was suddenly breath-
takingly radiant. "Paul,” she said, “I’ll
tell you a secret. It isn’t the job that mat-
ters any more.”

  His heart sank. “No?”

  She shook her head. “No,” she said.
"It isn’t the job now. It’s the boss.”

  Paul groaned out loud. "You little
idiot!”

  She stared at him, looking a little hurt,
for once unable to laugh off his gruff-
ness.

  He straightened and put down his pipe.
“I figured you were one girl who might
be able to keep her head in this crazy
business,” he told her bitterly. "Can’t
you see that Kip has only been building
you up? It’s always this way with each
new one he discovers. She’s the only star
in his heaven as long as she is new. Then
—plop! That’s the goods, beautiful. And
everyone in the business knows it. One
every year for Saunders. Each year a
new favorite.”

  She laughed, a little uncertainly. “Paul,
you old grumbler! You are a bad-weather
prophet. But you don’t fool me! You’re
just trying to scare me into getting some
sleep, aren’t you?”

  “I’m not trying to scare you. I’m only
trying to pound a little sense into your
pretty head.”

  He came closer to her. Surprisingly, he
was really angry. His heart was beating
hard with anger. He took off his glasses
and looked at her with a sober intensity
in his dark eyes that she could not laugh
away.

  "I’m not teasing you,” he said quietly.
“Why else do you suppose Kip is so
successful, unless it’s because he can al-
ways work up enthusiasm for a new
type? Last year it was the ‘Wheat Girl,’
the clean earthy country beauty—Linda
Adams. You’ve heard of her. You know
what kind of jobs she gets now. Buff
pushed her until the advertisers were sick
of her face. Now you’re it. The elfin
type. Next year it will be someone dif-
ferent. And where will you be?”

  He stopped, a little surprised at his own
intensity. She was sitting in the prop
chair, staring up at him, her eyes wide
and her face a little pale. He had got
under that thin skin of hers, all right.

  “I can tell you where you will be,” he
said brutally, “and it isn’t going around
with stars in your eyes!”

  She winced and he turned away, trying
not to be sorry for her. It was something
she should be told.
44

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

  They finished the pictures in silence
and she was either thoughtful or offended.
She left with a brief “Bye,” and he began
swearing to himself as he got ready for
the next job.

  The look in her eyes stayed with him.
He thought, “Maybe, I’m wrong, I hope.
Maybe Saunders is going to marry her.”
But the thought gave him no comfort,
and anyway he knew better.

  He growled at his next appointment, a
newcomer, “Why didn’t you stay on the
farm?”

  “And milk cows, with these hands?” the
girl said, pertly.

  He grunted. They were good hands.
But there was nothing in her face to help
her make the grade. It was too bad, be-
cause she wasn't soft.

  N SPITE of his predictions, Julia’s
star continued to rise. Not for several
years had Saunders had a model so suc-
cessful. Paul thought he knew why. Her
beauty was not the kind one tired of. A
man might always find new things to ad-
mire in her clear, laughing eyes, in the
shine of her hair, and the haunting elfin
expression of her face.

  But the advertising public was fickle,
he reminded himself cynically. The end
would come. And there was that old
saw about the higher the limb—or some-
thing like that.

  When the fall came it was in a way
Paul could not have anticipated.

  He picked up the evening papers, after
one of Aunt Sarah’s satisfying dinners,
and saw a headline:

PHOTOGRAPHER’S MODEL IN AC-
CIDENT

  Julia’s name leaped up at him. He felt
a cold chill, and at the same time a quick
revulsion because the story was disgust-
ingly splashy.

  Paul grabbed the telephone and shout-
ed at the inoffensive operator. When he
had Kip Saunders on the line he said,
"What about Julia,”

  “Oh, hello, Paul! I’ve just come from
the hospital. I’m afraid she’s a total loss.
Her face, you see—”

  ‘‘My God, I’m not calling professional-
ly!” Paul cried. “How badly is she hurt?
Will she pull through it?”

  “Oh, yes! I’m sorry if I sounded un-
feeling, old man,” Kip apologized easily.
“I thought you knew. There was little
damage except to her head and face, and
they soon were satisfied there is no con-
cussion. Of course, she is suffering from
severe shock.”

  “Where is she?”

  Kip named the hospital and Paul
thanked him shortly and hung up.

  Aunt Sarah was clucking sympathetical-
ly. “What a terrible thing! How did it
happen ?”

  “It’s all in the paper, I suppose.” He
was not interested in how just now. He
was rushing back and forth across the
room, looking very young and distraught.
“I’m going to the hospital. They prob-
ably won’t let me see her, but I’ve got to
try, anyway.”

  “A taxi accident!” Aunt Sarah ex-
claimed, bending her head over the paper.
As he was on his way out of the apart-
ment, she said, “Paul, they’ve used one
of your pictures—”

  He swore at her and never realized he
was doing it.

  They wouldn’t let him see her that first
night. He realized finally that he could
not talk his way past the starched white
dragons at her door. And so he went
down the street to a bar where he sat for
a long, gloomy time over a drink.

  The next evening they let him see her
for a few minutes. She looked unbeliev-
ably slight under the white hospital cover-
let, and the bandages that almost com-
pletely covered her head and face gave a
twist to his heart.

  But her eyes laughed up at him as clear
and as happy as ever. “Paul! How nice
of you to come!”

  “Don’t you know enough to stay out
of taxis?” he growled. “What are you
trying to do, put yourself out of the
business?”

  “Not at all, Grumpy! I’ll be back un-
der those horrid lights of yours in no
time.”

  “Don’t hurry!” he pleaded. “I’m en-
joying a rest. It was ‘Give me Miss For-
rester in a bathing suit, Miss Forrester on
skis, Miss Forrester in this or that uni-
form, or Miss Forrester enjoying a ciga-
rette,’ until I was sick of the girl.”

  She sighed contentedly. “I have been
STAR IN MY HEAVEN

45

busy, haven’t I? Maybe I needed a rest.
Buff told me not to worry about a thing.
Isn’t that sweet of him? He is talcing
care of everything!”

  “He ought to!”

  Julia sighed again. “Hardboiled as
ever, aren’t you?” But her eyes laughed
up at him.

  Paul did not smile.

  The nurse said, “That’s all for this
time,” and he went soberly away, worried
for her.

A FEW days later Kip Saunders called
him at the studio.

  “Paul?” he said, his deep voice vi-
brant with excitement. Paul could see
him at his desk, big and broad shouldered
and confident. "Paul, I’m sending over a
new girl. She’s on her way now. Hart-
well, her name is. Babs Hartwell.”
Another Babs?” Paul said dryly.
Saunders ignored his interruption.
“She’s terrific. She’s the type I’ve been
looking for, Vickers. Dark and sophisti-
cated, yet sweet, if you get it. And plenty
of come-hither in her eyes. If her pic-
tures turn out as I expect them to, she’s
going up like a rocket. In fact, she won’t
have to go up. She can practically start
at the top. I can have the big fellows beg-
ging for her in a couple of weeks.”

  “Sounds good,” Paul said, still in that
dry flat tone. Kip Saunders’ optimism
reacted on him like a mouthful of vinegar.
“How is Julia?”

 "Who? Oh! Julia Forrester.” The
vibrant excitement noticeably faded from
Kip’s voice. “Well, I’ll tell you frankly,
Vickers, there isn’t much chance she’ll
be able to come back. The doctors are
doing a wonderful job on her face, I’m
sure, and of course it’s too soon to tell,
but there is apt to be a certain stiffness in
those made-over faces. Ever photograph
one of them?”

  Paul wet his lips. "No,” he said.
“Can’t fool a camera, you know.” He
laughed, his hearty, confident laugh. “I
should lie telling you!”

  “Yeah,” Paul said. He put down the
phone. His teeth clenched tight over his
pipe and his knuckles were white as he
walked up and down the studio.

  Before his anger had worn off, Babs
Hartwell arrived. His first look at her

told him she was a natural for success.
She had that kind of flawless beauty that
artists paint, yet there was enough in-
dividuality in her features so one would
not forget them.

  He knew just by looking at her that
she w'ould be photogenic from almost any
angle. Besides that, she had sparkle and
life. The wiseness in her inviting eyes
tantalized, and she was not in the least
shy.

  Paul put on his gruff act. "So you want
to be a model, do you! What percentage
do you think there is in it, anyway?”

  She smiled a little. “Suppose you let
me worry about that,” she said.

  She would get ahead, all right. No need
to worry about her. Paul posed her and
shot rapid fire pictures—full face, three
quarters, full length, right and left pro-
file, and sent her back to Saunders.

  He ducked out of the studio then and
ordered a big basket of fruit and an arm-
load of flowers and all the latest magazines
sent to the hospital.

  In the weeks t^at followed, he watched
Babs Hartwell’s star rise with a pain he
found it hard to reason away.

  “I should quit this business,” he told
himself. “I’m getting soft.”

  It was clear from the start that Kip
Saunders was behind the Hartwell girl
with all his dynamic energy. When she
came to Paul’s studio, she didn’t chatter
about her appointments the way Julia had
done. But he knew that she was already
very busy.

  She had a quiet, business-like way of
getting things done which she hid behind a
deceivingly languorous air. It was a funny
thing, but Bab’s hardness didn’t show in
the pictures. It almost didn’t show up at
all. She was so lovely to look at, you
forgot about the little gleam m her eyes
that was nothing but calculation.

  If Paul had not been so familiar with
beauty as to be unimpressed by it he
might have missed that look of hers that
catalogued him Attractive, useful—but not
importantly so. He knew it; he had seen
it in girls’ eyes before.

  One night he ran into her at a popular
nightclub. She was with Kip, who was
almost swaggering as he showed her off.
Feeling a little sickened, Paul left quietly
to avoid meeting them.
46

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

  The next evening he loaded himself
down with flowers and candy and went
to the hospital.

  He found Julia thinner and quieter.
She was pleased to see him, and touch-
ingly appreciative of his gifts. But she
plucked nervously at the coverlet as they
talked.

  At last she said, “They’re going to re-
move the bandages at ten tomorrow, Paul.
Kip is coming.” She hesitated. “I—I’ve
almost forgotten what I look like. I’m so
used to being a mummy.” There was
apprehension in her voice.

  He picked up her pale hand and held
it warmly between his. ‘’Now I know
you’re well,” he said. “Vanity rears its
ugly head. ‘Will I still be beautiful?'
she wonders.” His tone was lightly jeer-
ing.

  She moved impatiently. “Vanity, noth-
ing!” she said, a little edge in her voice.
“My looks are my bread and butter, re-
member!”

  “The camera never did justice to your
most beautiful feature,” Paul said. “Your
beauty is in your eyes, Julia. And they
still have that clear, golden look that no
photograph has ever captured. Your eyes
are all I can see now, but they haven’t
changed.”

  They were moist, all of a sudden, and
her lashes swept down to hide them
from him. But her hand, which had been
lying passive in his, returned his grasp.

  She said, with her old shyly teasing
laughter, “Paul! I’ve never heard you so
un-grumpy! Have you fallen in love while
I’ve been here?”

  He flushed and stood up to go. “There’s
nothing wrong with you,” he told her
dryly. “I think that doctor is keeping you
here just to keep you out of mischief.”
Her laughter floated to the door with
him.

TTE COULD not keep his mind on his
work the next morning. The time
moved in slow, deliberate minutes. Ten
o’clock came at last and after that the
clock on his studio wall seemed to stand
still. At nearly noon his assistant told
him Kip was on the telephone.

  Paul was conscious only of the beating
of his own heart.

  “Yes, Saunders?”

  “Hello, Paul. I’m sending Babs over
this afternoon. Here’s what I want you
to do.” He went on with enthusiasm, out-
lining an idea he wanted to present to a
customer.

  Paul listened, emotion swelling un-
pleasantly within him. When Kip had
finished, he said, surprised to find his
voice slightly thick, “You’ve seen Julia?”
“What?” Kip seemed to come back
from a long way off. “Oh, of course!
Julia Forrester. Coincidence, your men-
tioning her. I just came from the hospital.
They removed the bandages this morn-
ing.”

  “Yes?” Paul said impatiently.
“Successful operation. Very. But the
photogenic angles are ruined, naturally.
Too bad.”

  There was a subtle change in his voice.
He sounded detached, a little vague. Too
bad! Paul thought, that swelling feeling
hurting his chest.

  “Of course she was about through,
anyway,” Kip said casually. “They don’t
last long in this game; do they, Vickers?
We know that. The public wants novelty.
And Babs Hartwell has it. They’re crazy
about her.”

  Paul controlled himself with an effort.
It was all true. He had said the same
things over and over again. He had
told Julia this would happen. But he
still had an overwhelming desire to lay
his hands on Kip Saunders, and violently.
For the man must know that Julia was in
love with him.

  He said, “About Hartwell. I’m sorry
but I can’t take her this afternoon. I’m
pretty busy.”

  Kip sounded annoyed. “Can’t you
squeeze her in?”

  “Can’t be done today. I’ll try tomor-
row.”

  “Look, Vickers, this is important—”
“Tomorrow!” Paul said, and slammed
down the phone.

  He said to his assistant, “I’ll be out
all afternoon,” and turned his back on
the fellow’s wide stare.

  He didn’t stop to buy flowers or maga-
zines this time. He went straight to the
hospital and was admitted at once to
Julia's room. It was sunny and filled with
flowers. She was sitting up in bed, wear-
ing a pretty bed jacket and her hair was
STAR IN MY HEAVEN

47

like a golden cloud around her face.

  “Hello, beautiful!” he said.

  She didn’t smile. There was a fright-
ened, cringing look in her eyes as she
sought his first reaction. He sat down by
the bed and reaching over took her chin
in his hand. Turning her face from side
to side he looked it over quizzically. At
last he said, “Mind if I kiss it?”

  She drew her breath in a quick little
gasp. He bent over and kissed her square-
ly on the lips. “Got to christen it, you
know,” he observed dryly.

  She began to laugh, but her laughter
got all tangled up in tears. “Oh, Paul,
you clown! Is—is it so terrible?”

  Feeling unbearably awkward, Paul re-
treated into his familiar, comfortable
gruffness.

  “So now she wants me to tell her how
beautiful she is! What’s the matter ?
Won’t they let you have a mirror?”

  She didn’t snap back at him as he hoped
she would. She just looked at him sadly
and said, “I know I'm lucky, Paul. There
won’t be a scar. I look a little strange to
myself, a little stiff, but I’ll get used to
that. It’s just that—Well, I know I am
through modeling. Kip didn’t say much,
but—”

  Paul’s heart ached with a dull, hurting
anger. He could imagine so well the
scene that occurred this morning. He
knew exactly how Saunders must have
done it—going all vague and impersonal
all of a sudden. He was a master at
backing out of a situation.

- Paul said unhappily, “The camera sees
things we don’t. But is that so im-
portant?”

  “No,” Julia said, after a long pause.

  They were talking around the bush
and they both knew it. Paul could sense
so clearly that what hurt her most was the
realization that Kip’s interest was ending
along with her career.

Pie felt an impotent anger. There was
no way for him to relieve it without curs-
ing Saunders. He sat beside her bed and
felt the blood pound in his temples.
“When can you leave this place?”

  She hesitated. “Most any time,” she
said.

  He waited.

  “Kip has been grand. He—he has
taken care of all the bills.”

  Paul said, “But you haven’t any mon-
ey, I suppose? Models never do.”

  She colored.

  So that was it. Kip had paid her hos-
pital bills and washed his hands of her.
Abruptly Paul stood up and walked out
of the room.

  He didn’t wait for the elevator but
walked quickly down the steps to the
office on the first floor. “Can Miss For-
rester leave today?” he inquired.

  “You’ll have to get permission from her
doctor,” the woman told him.

  “Then get him on the phone.”

  When Paul was determined he usually
got his own way. By five o’clock he had
Julia looking pale but starry eyed with
excitement, bundled into a taxi and on
her way to his apartment where Aunt
Sarah, warned by telephone, was already
fussing with preparations for the con-
valescent.

T>AUL whistled a little tune as he
selected a tie, spending considerably
more time at it than he usually did. He

PEPSI-COLA HITS tuc &
i	HE SPOT/

                  good/

good/
48

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

settled finally on a rather gay one, gave
an extra combing to his crispish dark
hair and went into breakfast, still whis-
tling.

  His aunt was already sitting at the head
of the small table. “Good morning,” she
said with a little smile, and poured his
cup of coffee.

  “Where is she?” Paul asked.

  “Still asleep, of course. Did you ex-
pect her to get up to have breakfast with
you?”

  “Of course not,” he said indignantly.
“I merely—”

  “Then why are you wearing that tie?”
She chuckled. “What a change Julia has
brought to our little household.”

  “Nonsense!” Paul said, annoyed.,

  “Decidedly a change for the better,”
his aunt teased him. “I like having you
come to breakfast with your hair all nice
and smooth. And whistling, at this hour
of the morning!”

  “You’re a romantic old spinster,” Paul
growled.

  But the truth was that the apartment
had become a different place for him since
he had brought Julia to it. He found
himself hurrying home after his last ap-
pointment at the studio. Instead of stop-
ping for a glass of beer or a highball with
some of his friends, if he stopped at all
it was to pick up some flowers to take
home, or a book he thought Julia might
like.

  Her appreciation of even the smallest
gift gave him the keenest pleasure he had
ever known. He delighted in thinking
up little surprises to relieve the monot-
ony of her convalescence. His aunt teased
him slyly and even that pleased him in
some obscure way.

  Julia was growing stronger but she was
still very thin. He scolded her about her
eating, bringing home certain delicacies
to tempt her appetite.

  He could tell when she started to grow
restless, to worry about crowding them.
After the first night when he slept on the
livingroom couch and let her use his
room, Aunt Sarah put a studio couch in
her room for Julia.

  For several days it was apparent that
she wanted to talk to him, but he antici-
pated what was coming and retreated in-
to his gruffness to put her off.

  Aunt Sarah loved to play chess and in
the evenings after dinner she and Julia
would set up a card table in front of the
fireplace while he read the paper.

  More often than not, his eyes would
stray over the top of the printed sheet to
Julia. He was fascinated by the way the
firelight brought out the warm tones in
her hair and skin, the way she had of
half-closing her eyes while she studied her
next move.

  He loved to watch her hands. They
were not only beautiful, but she handled
them gracefully. And that gave him his
idea.

  He spoke abruptly, interrupting the
game. “Julia, I don’t like to rush you,
but I wonder if you are feeling well
enough to help me out at the studio? I’m
in a spot.”

  Her quick glance was startled, sus-
picious. Color tinged her cheeks. She said,
“What kind of a spot, Paul?”

  “I was wondering if you would let me
photograph your hands for a job I have?”
he asked.

  Radiance spread over her face, incredu-
lous at first, then frank and unashamed.
“Oh, Paul!” she cried. “I’d—I’d love
to!”

  She was nervous the first day she re-
turned to the camera, but she was touch-
ingly glad to be working again. He gave
her a diamond ring to put 011 and she
laughed and said, “It’s bad luck to put
an engagement ring on yourself!” and
made him slip it on her finger.

  He could feel the color burning his
cheeks. “She’s guessed,” he thought, and
reflected how like a woman it was to tease
him with her knowledge.

  She posed her hands for him several
times and she posed her legs for a stocking
ad. When he tried to pay her she was
indignant.

  “Apply it on what I owe you,” she
insisted. And added w-armly, “Not that I
can ever repay you, Paul.”

  He gave in finally, understanding and
loving her independence.

  She was in the studio when a lingerie
customer came in. She begged for the
job anxiously.

  “No!” Paul snapped.

  But the customer looked her over and
he had to give it to her.
STAR IN MY HEAVEN

49

  Paul stormed up and down the studio
for a while while Julia patiently argued
that she couldn’t afford to be fussy about
the jobs she took. He finally gave in,
but when she appeared before the camera
in frothy underthings he was filled with
such a chaos of tangled feelings—a burn-
ing, important anger, humiliation for her,
and shame at his own desire—that he
turned the camera over to his surprised
assistant and walked out of the studio
until the job was done.

  That night at the apartment Julia told
Aunt Sarah how she had outraged his
modesty, slyly teasing him with every
word. His aunt looked at him shrewdly
and he felt the rage rising in him again,
unreasonable and inexpressible.

  Julia must know why he could not pho-
tograph her in such intimate apparel. She
could only be tormenting him.

  After dinner he left without an explana-
tion and spent most of the evening in the
bar he used to frequent before she came
to the apartment. As he brooded, drink-
ing little, he decided that he could stand
it no longer. It was torment no man
could stand, to have her so near day after
day, loving her as he did. He had to find
out if there was any chance for him, any
chance at all, even if it drove her away.

  When he returned to the apartment
late, Julia was curled up in a corner of
the sofa with his discarded paper. He
liked the way her blonde hair contrasted
with the deep sapphire of her velvet house
coat.

  She looked up and smiled at him and he
thought she looked unbearably beautiful.
He advanced toward her, his heart beating
thickly. For a silent moment they looked
at each other, while he struggled for words
to say what he had to say.

  She had dropped the paper to her lap,
still open to an inside page. He saw sud-
denly what she had been looking at. It
was a picture of Babs Hartwell snapped
with Kip Saunders at the Circle Club.

  She made a small gesture toward it.
He thought her lips trembled slightly.
“I like you for many things, Paul,” she
said, “but I like you most of all for not
saying ‘I told you so.’ ”

  He was powerless to speak. The words
he had been forming died unspoken. He
stood like a dummy while she rose quick-

ly to her feet and went out of the room.
Her soft “Good night” was muffled, and
he wondered painfully if she were crying.

Babs hartwell was giving

him the come-hither. She was going
around with Kip a lot. he knew. But she
was the kind of girl who wouldn’t put
all her eggs in one basket.

  “She wants a, cushion in case Kip for-
gets to let her down easy,” he told himself
cynically.

  But a man couldn’t help responding
to the treatment from a girl as lovely as
Babs, even when he saw through her. He
was photographing her more than any
other model, and he didn’t exactly look
forward to her appointments.

  “I never see you at any of the night
spots,” she told him. Her dark eyes were
warm and teasing. “Don’t you ever go
to the Circle, or are you the type who
plays poker with the boys?”

  He puffed thoughtfully on his pipe.
“How often do you go to the Circle
Club?” he asked.

  Babs laughed, just a shade complacent-
ly. “You can count on me any Saturday
night.”

  Paul said, “I’ll be seeing you.”

  He left the studio early that afternoon
and went shopping. - He knew what he
wanted, exactly. But he had a hard time
convincing the sales girls that he did. He
could see Julia in the dress he wanted,
something as blue as her eyes, cut low
enough to show off her lovely throat, a
dress that hugged her tiny waist and had
lots of skirt.

  The sales women shook their heads
over him, but he clung stubbornly to his
mental picture of Julia in blue, and finally
came near to getting what he wanted.

  He took the box under his arm and
started home, with an exhilaration that
he remembered feeling at Christmas. He
was late getting home and the two women
were waiting dinner. Julia was sitting
under a lamp, and her hair shone like
washed gold.

  She looked up. Surprise widened her
eyes and anticipation colored her cheeks
as he put the box in her lap. Her fingers
trembled a little with excitement as she
pulled at the cord. When the lid came
off and the tissue parted to reveal the blue,
50

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

silky folds she gasped. “Paul! What—”
“Put it on,” he said. “I want to see if
it fits you.”

  She said, flustered and confused, “But
dinner is ready—”

“Dinner can wait,” Aunt Sarah said.
She stood up, holding the dress up to
her in a purely feminine gesture. “Paul,
you shouldn’t have—I can’t let you—”
She looked a little scared.

  “Go put it on,” he urged. “I want to
see how good I am.”

  She went into the bedroom and Aunt
Sarah followed her, almost as excited as
Julia. When they came out again, a little
later, Juba’s hair was piled on top of her
head. She had put on some twinkly shoes
—and the blue dress. Paul nodded with
satisfaction. It fitted perfectly.

  Julia was both disturbed and happy.
“But, Paul, why—’’

  “You’re getting to be too much of a
homebody,” he said. “I'm going to take
you to the Circle Club.”

  She looked incredulous. Then she said,
“When, Paul?”

  He lit his pipe before replying, “Sat-
urday,” he said.

HER excitement was touching and a
little frightening. Before her acci-
dent, an evening at the Circle would not
have meant so much to her. Paul made
himself edgy and miserable wondering if
it was the possibility of seeing Kip Saun-
ders that stirred her so. He knew she had
gone there often with him in the old days,
when the “boss—not the job,” mattered.

  Just in time he remembered to send her
flowers. “You’re lucky,” he told her
when she thanked him for them. “I’m
not the thoughtful type.”

  She laughed. “I’ve noticed that,” she
said, with a tender note in her voice that
made prickles run along his spine. But
it wasn’t gratitude he wanted. His edgi-
ness increased.

  Aunt Sarah beamed on them both when
they were ready to leave. Paul called a
taxi and they went down to the foyer to
wait for it.

  Julia said, “You—you haven’t told me
how I look?”

  “A little pale,” he said. “Otherwise
quite lovely.”

  The taxi came and he put her into it

and gave the driver instructions. Julia
sat close to him and reached for his hand.

  “There’s a special kind of beauty treat-
ment a girl needs sometimes,” she whis-
pered. “It—puts color in her cheeks and
gives her confidence—”

  Paul’s pulses drummed. He knew what
she meant. He wondered again if she took
a pleasure in tormenting him. Almost
angrily he took her in his arms.

  The hunger to hold her that he had sup-
pressed for so long surged over him. He
held her close and kissed her as he had
always wanted to. With a sigh she relaxed
in his arms and her lips clung, sweet and
soft beneath his.

  Was she thinking of Kip?

  With an effort he put her away from
him. “How’s that for treatment?” he
said, his voice sounding rough in his ears.

  She straightened. "That helps, thank
you,” she said. She sounded queerly re-
mote through the pounding that still filled
his ears.

  For the rest of the ride they sat apart,
in a rather stiff silence. As soon as they
arrived at the club and were seated at
the table Paul had had reserved, he or-
dered champagne.

  “Another beauty treatment,” he told
Julia. For she was still pale and her face
looked a little strained. He realized that
she must be dreading meeting all the cafe
society acquaintances who had not seen
her since her accident.

  He lifted his glass and said, “to the
loveliest girl here!” That brought a faint
smile to her lips.

  Almost at once people began crawling
around their table to greet Julia. The
supper he ordered was scarcely touched,
for the dishes cooled and lost their inter-
est while they talked with friends and
acquaintances who stopped by. Julia was
looking happier and more like her old
self, as they told her how lovely she
looked.

  Looking at her critically and as imper-
sonally as he could, Paul thought her
beauty was as arresting as ever, with only
a haunting difference, so slight you were
not sure what it was. Certainly only the
camera could single it out.

  But he realized what a poor judge he
was. His love for her had grown and
deepened so much since her accident that
STAR IN MY HEAVEN

51

it seemed to him her beauty had grown
and deepened, too.

  The floor show was over and the lights
had just gone up again when Babs Hart-
well came in, followed by Kip Saunders.
Babs saw him and waved. He beckoned
to her and with a little smile she led Kip
toward his table.

  All eyes followed her. She was wear-
ing white and her dark eyes and shining
dark hair made a striking contrast. Kip
towered behind her, big and confident and
successful looking. They were a strik-
ingly handsome couple.

  Paul stood up. He spoke to Kip, then
greeted Babs warmly, devoting himself to
her so that he would not have to watch
Julia greet Kip. But even though he
would not look at them, his ears picked
up the sharp silence that fell between them
after they greeted each other.

  “You’re a gorgeous creature tonight,”
Paul said quickly to Babs.

  “Tonight?” she pouted.

  He grinned. “Don’t quibble. It isn’t
often I make pretty speeches.” He ges-
tured to a chair. “Sit here. You’ll have
a drink with us, won’t you?”

  Her dark intimate eyes seemed to speak
of secrets between them. “Of course,”
she said, smiling.

  “Oh, I’m sorry!” he said, suddenly
flushing, and introduced her to Julia.

  Babs barely acknowledged Julia’s greet-

ing and turned back to him. “Paul!”
she said, laying her hand on his arm.
“Those bathing suit pictures you took of
me, remember—” She was off on a
story. But he was conscious only of the
conversation that went on between Kip
and Julia.

  He heard Kip say, “It’s good to see
you, Julia. I’ve missed you.” But though
he strained to hear her reply, it was so
low he couldn’t catch it.

  Kip said, in an altered voice, “Julia!
You can’t mean that!” Feeling like an
eavesdropper, Paul suddenly stood up
and pulled Babs to her feet.

  “Let’s dance,” he said. “Excuse us,
you two?”

  Julia looked up at him with eyes that
were strangely dark. Her face was blank.
Kip nodded casually, and his eyes never
left Julia’s face.

  Feeling the blood rush to his head, Paul
led Babs to the small polished square
where other couples were dancing.

  She went into his arms with a snug-
gling movement. “You didn’t hear a word
I said, did you?” she said accusingly.

  Paul said, “I wanted to dance with
you.”

  She laughed softly and let herself move
closer to him. He concentrated on his
steps, 011 the music, and on the fragrance
of her dark hair, anything to keep from
watching those two at the table and won-

  iPebt oj ^Tuty

By Phyllis Gordon Demarest

Can a man plan for a lifetime of happiness
when he has only four days to do it? That was
Tag's problem when he fell in love with a girl
whose tragic past threatened her entire future.
For Pat was married to a man who hated her so
terribly that he was willing to sacrifice his life to
ruin herB. But Tag found a way. a desperate
daring chance, to rescue Pat from the debt of fury
which her husband so unrelentingly paid to her.

 This exciting love story appears in the March
 issue of Love Short Stories. On sale February 5th,

   4

io

CBNTS

SHORT STORIES

LOVE
52

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

dering about the things they were saying
to each other.

  The music ended. Julia and Kip were
still talking, so Paul kept Babs on the
floor, paying her foolish compliments to
keep her from getting restless. She was
playing up to him beautifully and he
decided it was to arouse Kip’s jealousy.

  “It’s been tried before, my girl,” he
thought cynically, but he couldn’t see any
point in warning her. Might as well warn
Kip about her. She wasn’t like Julia. She
could take care of herself.

  The third time they danced together
Babs said happily, “Kip is going to be
furious!”

  Paul looked toward the table they had
deserted. Julia was sitting very straight
in her chair. She looked angry, and she
and Kip were no longer talking.

  “Perhaps we’d better go back,” he
said. He felt a pounding anger rise in
him again, wondering what Kip had said
to make Julia look like that. He thought,
“If I could just hit him once—!”

  Babs walked ahead of him back to the
table. Julia jumped up as they came
near. Her eyes were dark and bright and
her face was pale.

  “If you are through dancing with Miss
Hartwell,” she said icily, “I’d like to go J”
Kip’s face was expressionless. He stood
up so she could pass him. With the grace
of an angry queen she walked away from
them. Paul muttered an excuse and fol-
lowed her, feeling utterly wretched be-
cause he was powerless to help her.

  He caught up with her near the door.
He said, “Julia, I’m sorry—”

  She turned on him, white and furious.
"Don’t apologize!” she said. “I couldn’t
bear that! But the next time you want
a—a blind so you can work on Kip’s girl
friend—!”

  His jaw dropped. “Julia! Are you mad
at me?”

  “Who else?” she demanded.

  “Why, Kip, of course. I thought—”
“Kip?” she cried. “What does he mat-
ter? I thought you wanted to show me a
good time tonight, and instead you leave
me sitting there for three dances!”
“Julia!” The anger boiling up inside
him was changing to bubbles of laughter.
He felt a great surging happy release.

“Did you mean it when you said Kip
doesn’t matter?”

  “Of course I meant it!”

  “Pardon me,” he said, and turned on
his heel. He hurried back to the table
they had left. Babs looked up with bright
interest on her face. Kip got slowly to
his feet.

  “There’s something I’ve been wanting
to do for a long time,” Paul said. He felt
light-headed, almost tight, except that he
hadn’t” had that much champagne. He
took off his glasses and laid them care-
fully on the white tablecloth beside Babs’
evening bag. Then he doubled up his fist
and swung on Kip.

  It was a good, clean blow and it
stretched Kip Saunders out. Babs
screamed. Men at nearby tables jumped
to their feet. Waiters hurried forward.

  The next few seconds were confused
and blurred. He found himself being
hurried outside. Julia appeared beside
him and he heard her ask the doorman
to get them a taxi. He couldn’t see her
very well. She was a movement of blue
above which her face was a blurred, white
patch. He realized then he had left his
glasses inside.

  But Julia wouldn’t let him go back for
them. The doorman was at his other
elbow.

  “Darling,” she said, her voice sound-
ing choky, “you were wonderful!”

  He took her in his arms and with his
face very close to hers, looked down at
her. “I can see you better this way,” he
murmured. “Why haven’t you called me
darling before?”

  She said, “I—I hinted about rings—I
even made you kiss me tonight! I couldn’t
do any more. I was afraid you didn’t
want me because I’m not beautiful any
more—”

  “Not photogenic,” he corrected ner.
“I’ve never wanted to marry a model.”
“‘Marry!’” she sighed happily. “What
a lovely word!”

  “Can’t you think of some nicer ones?”
  She shook her head, suddenly shy.

  “I can,” he said. He drew her closer
and just before his lips found hers he mur-
mured, “Julia, my wife—” And he knew
that more than anything else in the world
he wanted to make them come true.

THE END
    l^ememlering

The chilly fingers of the snow
Are cradling the arid grass,

And leafless branches whip across
The face of icy winds that pass.

Yet here we knew the honeyed air
Of roses spilling into bloom.

I close my eyes, remembering,

And breathe again the sweet perfume.

The days drag on more slowly now
While you are held so far away,

Yet hours with you are no more lost
Than are the flowers of yesterday.

I close my eyes, remembering,

And wonder that we are apart,

For though you are not here, my dear,

I see you clearly with my heart.

             —By Harriet A. Brad field

ZJhe	*lJoii

I miss you more than words can tell,

And yet I find it true

My days are made so very sweet

By just the thought of you!

The tender words you used to speak;

The way you smiled at me;

Your touch, your glance, your manly step—
So dear each memory!

Oh, these and all the little things
That you were wont to do
Remain to bless and comfort me—

In just the thought of you!

—By Mary Lavelle Kelley

53
Pleade 2&iaf L-O-V-E

-By MARY VINCENT-

PICTURE to yourself a girl of twen-
ty-two, who lived alone in a tiny,
impeccably-kept apartment with a
pair of love birds and a bowl of goldfish;
a girl who wore medium heels and neat
print dresses with white collars, whose
name was Peggy Jones, who worked in
the Literature and Philosophy Room of
the Los Angeles Public Library. Well,
you’re wrong. Peggy Jones didn’t look
anything like that. Even though her job
sounded very prosaic, she was gay, mod-
ern and almost lovely looking.

  She wore her warm brown hair in a
softly curled Victory bob and Bill Calvert
said her lips reminded him of a ripe red
persimmon just before you bit into it.
She said she hoped he’d remember that
her lips weren’t a persimmon—besides,
persimmons were orange not red—be-
cause she was pretty crazy about the way
he kissed her, but she certainly had no
intentions of being maimed in the process.
He said when he kissed her, he couldn’t
be held responsible for sudden develop-
ments.

  Anyway, Peggy Jones was entirely too
happy this dull, rainy February afternoon
on her way back to her department after
a Biltmore luncheon date with Bill. She
knew she was too happy. There was
something dangerous about this kind of
happiness.

  Everything became too clear and sweet
and sharp. Her heart seemed to put out
shining feelers that attached to the whole
world, and when they vibrated part of the
sensation was bliss, but part was also
pain. Mildly funny things became hilari-
ous and sad things were almost too sad

to be endured. Tears started easily to her
eyes and a humming to her lips.

  Perhaps that was why she paused when
she saw the soldier. There was something
sort of pathetic about a lone private any-
way. But let him be tall and loosely knit,
with sun-burned hair and shy eyes—the
kind of a soldier who wouldn’t even be
able to wear a major’s uniform without
looking like he’d gotten dressed in a wind
tunnel—and then let him stand in the cen-
ter of a huge, quiet place like the high-
domed rotunda of the library, staring
upward with an expression of rapt won-
der on his lean, serious young face. The
sight of him drew Peggy to a sudden halt
because of a sudden twitch at those over-
ly-sensitive heartstrings.

  Talk about green, she thought. It was
a wonder the cows hadn’t eaten him for
grass long ago!

  She went up to him. “Heh,” she said
softly. “I think you ought to know that
the city owns this building. Just in case
somebody tries to sell it to you.”

  His eyes dropped, but for a moment
they were still so clouded with wonder
she doubted if he even saw her. Then
suddenly his lean face flushed a painful,
beet-red and she was afraid he was going
to bolt like an overgrown colt confronted
by a wild tumbleweed.

  Good heavens she thought again, the
original corn right off the cob! She was
amused but it was the kindly variety, and
it must have registered in her expression
because he didn’t bolt after all.

  He jerked his big thumb upward and
said hesitantly, “Aren’t those what you
call murals?”

If Peggy was trilling to accept Bill’s idea that love teas a gay
m bit of ribbon to wear in your hair, why was she disturbed by

* Private Daniel Webster Whitney’s ideal of love being a
precious thing men fought to preserve?

54
She looked up at the bewildered
young soldier. Part of her
wanted to laugh at his expression
and part of her wanted to start
a wild storm of sobbing.
56

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

  Peggy nodded, a warm smile curving
her persimmon lips. “Do you like them? ’
“Gosh I” he breathed.

  “You’ve never seen any before?”

  “No, ma’am. And I never knew there
were so many books in the world before,
either. They’ve got a different room here
for each kind, too—like history and re-
ligion and science. Big rooms.” Again
that look of rapt astonishment crossed his
face. “I just never did realize there were
so many books for people to read. And
free too.”

  “Do you like to read?”

  “Oh yes, ma’am. I sure do! Only I
never had much chance to read anything
outside of school books. Just a little
Shakespeare and Dickens and then the
Bible, of course.”

  “Of course,” agreed Peggy softly, and
quite ridiculously her eyes were full of
tears. But that’s what happened when
you were so happy. A hayseed of a
young soldier could make you cry by tell-
ing you he read Shakespeare and Dickens
and the Bible.

  She said, “Where are you from, Sol-
dier?”

  “North Dakota.”

  “A farm?”

  The beet-red stained his lean cheeks
again. But put his big hands behind him
as if he suddenly realized just how big
they really were. “I guess you can tell
that all right,” he said with embarrass-
ment.

  “I was born on a farm myself,” Peggy
announced staunchly. “Only we called it
a ranch. Anything bigger than a pansy
bed is a ranch in California. What’s
your name?”

  “Dan Whitney. Daniel Webster Whit-
ney.”

  She managed to keep the smile off her
lips this time but it really wouldn’t have
hurt him because it was a very tender
smile. She said, "Mine is Peggy Jones.
I work here, in the Literature and Phil-
osophy room downstairs. That’s where
we keep all the Shakespeare and Dickens.
If you’d like to, you can come along and
browse around. I’ll help you find any-
thing you want.”

  "Well, thanks, ma'am—” he said. “I
mean, Miss Jones. I’d sure like to do
that.”

  “Let’s go then.”

  “But I can’t now. I’m supposed to
meet my buddy. He’s from Brooklyn.
We’re going out to Hollywood and look
for some movie stars.”

  Peggy laughed. “I’m afraid they’re a
lot harder to find than that. Besides, it’s
pouring outside.”

  His expression said he couldn’t possi-
bly understand what difference that would
make. “Rain never hurt anyone,” he
said. “I always used to go tramping in
the rain back home.” He added with
clear-cut homesickness, “Only the rain
in California is different somehow. It
doesn’t sting your face like a good, hard
Northern storm and there’s no thunder or
lightning with it. And everything is green
already, so Spring doesn’t show much.”
He paused. “I always liked Spring bet-
ter than any other season.”
Unaccountably, Peggy heard herself
protest earnestly, “But you can still feel
Spring here in California. Inside you,
I mean. Just like anywhere.”

  For a moment his eyes went straight
into hers and she discovered they weren’t
quite as shy as she had thought. “Yes,
Miss Jones. You sure can.” There was
something different about his voice, too.
And then he said hurriedly, "But I’ve
got to go now. And I sure thank you
for talking to me.”

  "It was a pleasure, Dan. A real pleas-
ure.” She smiled up at him. "Good-bye
now.”

  “ ’Bye,” he mumbled.

  She stood and watched him until he
was out of sight. She was so wonder-
fully, terribly in love with Bill—she had
so much love inside of her that she could
even let some of it overflow toward this
shy young soldier from North Dakota.

  She wondered if he would come back.
It would be fun helping him find some-
thing else to read besides Dickens and
Shakespeare. She bet he’d like Jack Lon-
don and Conrad and maybe even Heming-
way. He was naive but he was no fool.
She could tell that by his eyes. And
the structure of his face was good. Daniel
Webster Whitney .... She smiled mus-
ingly. Somehow it made a person feel
a lot better about the war just knowing
Dan’s kind was in there pitching. And
then abruptly her thoughts shifted to Bill
PLEASE DIAL L-O-V-E

57

again and there was no room for any
others.

THE next time she saw Dan Whitney,
over a month had passed. It was on
a Monday evening, less than an hour be-
fore closing time. She looked up from
her check desk at the door of the Litera-
ture and Philosophy Room, but for a
moment nothing registered. Not that
Dan had changed, but lately, Peggy was
apt to stare at her best friends and then
pass them right by.

  “Gosh!” he exclaimed happily. “Hel-

lo,	Miss Jones. I was scared maybe you
might not be here.”

  “Hello,” she said briefly.

  Some high school girls came through
with their arms loaded and Peggy stamped
out their books. She could feel Dan’s
eyes on her pale, set face. She hadn’t
bothered about crutch lipstick and there
were bad circles under her eyes.

  When they were alone again, he leaned
against the desk and asked in a low, wor-
ried voice, “Have you been sick since I
saw vou?”

  “No.”

  “Well, you don’t look so good, Miss
Jones.”

  “Don’t I?”

  He stepped aside and let her stamp
out some more books and then he said,
“Is anvthing wrong?”

  “Nothing much.”

  Oh God! Nothing much! Just that if
Bill doesn’t call me and tell me he didn’t
mean what he said, I can’t stand it any
longer. Can’t . . . can’t . . . can’t . . .

  She realized she was digging more deep,
meaningless doodles on a pad of paper
with a sharply pointed pencil held in fin-
gers that were cold and trembling. She
threw down the pencil and looked up at
the bewildered young soldier.

  Part of her wanted to laugh at his ex-
pression and part of her wanted to start
a wild storm of sobbing. She hadn't
cried once since that night a week ago
with Bill, not once. She had just waited.
But now unless this galoot took his lean,
North Dakota face away from her desk
she was liable to do anything.

  She said, “I’m sorry, but you can’t
stand here. You’ll find the Shakespeare
over there and the Dickens there. If you

want anything else, you’ll have to look in
the files. You know— A B C for the
author’s name.

  She wanted to hurt him and she suc-
ceeded. She wanted to hurt anything that
came near her, that kept her mind off Bill
and that phone call that must come—that
had to come! There was a limit to how
much anyone could stand. Pride had
kept her from phoning him, but even pride
can crumple under sustained pressure.

  Dan didn’t move away, however. He
said, “W'hen the library closes does that
mean you’re through work, too?”

  “Yes. But I’m going straight home if
you're thinking of asking me for a date.”
“Will you let me see vou home then?”
“No.”

  “Well can I walk you to the car or the
bus or whatever takes you home?”

  She began to rub her fingers across her
forehead, back and forth, slowly. She had
a dreadful headache and her eyes felt dry
and hot. She glanced up at the clock and
shrugged wearily. “If you want to,” she
said in a toneless voice. “I’ll be at the
Fifth Street entrance about nine fifteen.
But if you’re not there I won’t wait.”

  “I’ll be there,” Dan said quietly.

  Now and then Peggy glanced in his
direction as he wandered slowly around
the shelves, taking down an occasional
book, handling them all with an almost
reverent gentleness. He finally carried
a big, hefty volume to one of the rear ta-
bles and began to read.

  When the closing bell rang, he filed out
with all the rest of the late customers,
catching her eyes for just a second, very
plainly begging for a look of added con-
firmation that she would meet him out-
side.

  Peggy nodded curtly and continued to
stamp out books. When she finally
stepped out into the damp, foggy night,
he came up to her and took her arm.

  They walked downhill on Fifth Street
toward Broadway. The neon-brightness
of the downtown streets had disappeared
in the strict dimout. There were no more
window shoppers. People walked quick-
ly and apparently with purpose, or stayed
indoors. The old traffic jams were a
memory. Now it was mostly busses and
street cars and taxis. But the darkened
theater marquees still drew in plenty of
58

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

late movie-goers and the bars, were over-
flowing. And Peggy noticed there were
still plenty of couples going places, arm in
arm as she and Dan walked—only it
should have been Bill.

  She stiffened and Dan stepped a little
away from her. He hadn’t spoken since
they left the library, and neither had she.
They were passing the darkness of Per-
shing Square when she heard him say,
“My pa used to say that a person’s vict-
uals and troubles always set better for
being well chewed. He meant it was good
to talk about things sometimes—out
loud.”

  Your pa sounds like a very helpful
man.”

  “Don’t you want to tell me about it,
Miss Jones?”

  “I don’t—think so.”

  “I wish you would.”

  Peggy bit her tongue to keep from giv-
ing him another sharp reply. It was only
that if she had to hurt inside like this,
someone else ought to share it with her.
She answered him in a stiff, constrained
little voice. “It’s a very trite story. Very
uninteresting. It happens all the time.”
Only not to me, she thought wildly.
And I don’t know' how to handle it. I
don’t know what to do to make it stop
tearing me apart like this.

  “A fellow?” Dan suggested.

  Her lips twisted sharply in the dark-
ness, like a spasm of pain. “A very at-
tractive fellow,” she said. “The kind who
does everything better and smoother than
any other fellow you ever met. She could
have added, The kind you think you’ll die
if you can’t get, and then if you do get
hint, you know you’ll die if you ever lose
him.

  She dug her hands deep into the pock-
ets of her trench-coat and threw back her
head, trying to draw the damp, foggy air
into a breast that felt bruised. There
was an almost physical taste of bitterness
on her lips.

  “Go on,” Dan said gently. “Go on and
talk about him, Miss Jones. It’ll do you
good. Don’t mind about me. Just pre-
tend I’m not here—or pretend you won’t
ever see me again. Anyway, I’m only a
stranger.”

  “He’s an assistant cameraman at one
of the movie studios,” she said. And

  then suddenly the words began to come,
easily. She talked fast and tonelessly,
more to herself than Dan. She wanted to
hear how it sounded aloud. For so many
endless hours, she had gone over it si-
lently, a treadmill of thoughts, around
and around. . . .

  “We were to be married next month.
That is, I thought we were. I guess it was
never much more than an idea with him.
He tried to explain last week how he felt.
He w'as perfectly frank about it. He said
all of a sudden there was something about
me that sort of suffocated him. He said
no man wants to be smothered to death
in a woman’s love. He said I should re-
lax. When he kisses me, I should act like
Veronica Lake—dead pan. He said he
wasn’t breaking anything off, he was just
taking himself a little breather. He said
he’d phone me. Any night soon I’d hear
from him again.”

  She put her hand to her throat and
swallowed. The cords felt stiff. They
began to ache intollerably. She swallowed
again, but she didn’t make a sound.

  They had reached the bus stop and her
bus was just pulling around the corner of
the Square. She said, “And so you see
why I’ve got to stay around home at
night. I couldn’t possibly go anywhere.”
She glanced up at Dan and something in
his eyes made her suddenly reach out
and clutch his sleeve. “Dan,” she whis-
pered pleadingly, “Oh Dan, he will phone
me, won’t he ? He promised. He said he
wasn’t breaking us up. If he’ll only give
me another chance, I won’t smother him
any more. I can pretend I don’t love him
so much. I can—” She broke off and
began to bite at her lower lip, conscious
of what a spectacle she was making of
herself. Talking this way to an utter
stranger! Pleading with him for a crumb
of hope!

  She turned aw-ay, stiff and hot with
shame, and stared blindly across the
street. The bus pulled up before them.

  “I-I’m sorry,” she mumbled. “But you
asked me to talk about it.”

He pressed her cold fingers. “Good
night. Miss Jones. And don’t you worry
—lie'll phone you all right. But I think
I’ll just stop around tomorrow night
about the same time.” He added quickly,
“Oh, not to take you anywhere. Just to
PLEASE DIAL L-O-V-E

59

walk you over to the bus again.”

  She started to protest but there wasn’t
time. With another weary shrug, she
climbed aboard. “Good night. Dan.”

  Daniel Webster Whitney smiled up at
her. His eyes were warm and under-
standing and the shyness was gone out
of them.

DAN was true to his word. He showed
up at the library about the same time
the next evening, read until closing time,
and then took her to the bus stop. Only
this time the whole atmosphere was dif-
ferent. It was almost friendly again,
quieter, easier. There was no mention of
Bill, and Peggy realized it had helped a
little to talk about him to someone. The
fear and the pain were still there but she
could camouflage them well enough to
discuss books with Dan and make a show
of interest in what he said.

  When it became really bad was after
the door of her tiny apartment closed be-
hind her and she was alone with that tele-
phone—when the waiting lay ahead of
her . . . second after minute after hour
of it, knozving that Bill must call because
he had promised.

  Standing with her back against the
door, she suddenly remembered that aft-
ernoon when she had first seen Dan
standing in the library rotunda. But was
it possible anyone could really have been
as happy as that? She tried to recapture
the feel of that happiness, but it would
have been easier to recall the feel of a
blazing summer sun on a winter mid-
night.

  Her emptiness and fear and loneliness
were like evil forces that swept through
the bright, neat little rooms, chilling them,
making the colors cold and the sound of
her own movements hollow in her ears. A
black depression seemed to creep out of
the walls and pile up around her. She
stood looking at the telephone. She had
waited so long and hard for its ring, she
wondered if she might not scream when
its shrill sound finally broke the echoing
silence.

  I'm a fool, she thought desperately.
W'orse than a fool. Girls don’t act like
this nowadays. They don’t let anything—
not even love—throw them off strides.
Relax, Bill had suggested. Take it all

  with a shrug. Pretend love is a gay bit of
ribbon to be worn in your hair, not a
chain to bind and crush the heart right
out of you.

  Well, they were just words, too—
thoughts without any emotional reaction
. . . like happiness. Maybe every girl
in the world wasn’t the same. Maybe
some of them just couldn’t relax. Maybe
to some of them love was still a fright-
eningly intense and magical thing, a thing
of flame-red witchery and torment and
passion, with all the ancient powers it
had possessed in the days of Juliet and
Heloise and Isolde.

  It was the fear of that black, icy de-
pression crushing down on her the min-
ute she was alone, which kept her from
protesting when Dan got on the bus with
her Wednesday night. It kept her from
protesting when he got off with her and
walked as far as her apartment house en-
trance.

  He said hesitantly, “I don’t suppose
you’d feel like asking me in.”

  “Well, I—”

  “It’s all right,” he interrupted quickly.
“I know how you feel. But it doesn’t
ever hurt a fellow to ask.”

  “Dan, you’re very kind. And wonder-
fully understanding.”

  He made a deprecatory gesture.

  “But you are,” she insisted. “And I
just thought of something else, too. How
is it that you can meet me every night?
How do you manage to get back to
camp?” She shook her head apologetical-
ly. “Isn’t it awful to be so full of your
own importance? I’ve never even asked
you where you were stationed.”

  “At Camp Roberts. But I'm on fur-
lough now. I had a week coming to me
and I thought I’d better try and get it
because I don’t think I’ll be around much
longer. My buddy’s gone already.”

  “But. . .” she frowned, “why didn't you
go back home and visit your folks?”

  “I only had a week. I couldn’t have af-
forded to go by plane and the trains aren’t
so sure anymore. I’d only have had may-
be a day or so with them and—” he broke
off and slowly scratched his lean cheek.
His eyes dropped away from hers. “I
guess I just wanted to stay here worse.”
“But you—you haven’t any friends
here, have you?”
60

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

  He shook his head.

  "Where are you staying, Dan?”

  "At a little hotel downtown.”

  He told her the name of it and she said,
"Why, that’s only a block from the li-
brary!”

  "I know,” he admitted awkwardly.
"What do you usually do after you
leave me in the evenings?”

  The entrance way wasn’t so dark that
she couldn’t see the beet-red stain mount-
ing out of his collar. "Read,” he said.

  A tender, aching little smile curved her
lips. “Dickens?”

  “Shakespeare.” He grinned. “I’ve got
a pocket volume.”

  “No movies? No bars or nightclubs at
all ? Hollywood and L.A. have some very
famous places, Dan. Wouldn’t you like
to see them?”

  “I’ll say I would! Gosh! But it’s not
much fun going places like that alone.”
She said gently, "I’m sure you could
find some nice girl at the U.S.O., or one
of the service clubs who’d be glad to go
with you.”

  “I guess I’d rather read,” he said
briefly.

  “Dan Whitney! You’re not using a
subtle form of strategy on me, by any
chance?”

  “No,” he answered earnestly, “I’m not.
But you asked me.”

  “So I did.” Pain contracted her heart
and she added unsteadily, “But I haven’t
had that phone call yet, Dan. And I—
I’ve got to get it when it comes. I can’t
go out with you. I just can’t, Dan.”

  He replied firmly, “I didn’t ask you
to, Miss Jones. I only asked if I could
come in awhile. That way, I wouldn't
have to read Shakespeare every night all
by myself and you wouldn’t lose out on.
your phone call.” He paused. “I’ve only
got tonight and three more. I’ve got to
be back at Camp Sunday.”

  She searched his lonely, serious young
face. “You really would be content just
to—to sit around and talk ? While I wait
for a call from another man?”

  "I sure would,” he breathed fervently.
She took her eyes out of his and looked
quickly away. She was silent. She felt
somehow humble and ashamed before
him. He didn’t have to say anything
more. It was just there. He wasn’t even

offering it to her. He was just telling her
that he wanted to wait around with her
while the man she loved got ready to take
her back.

  It was strange what different forms love
could take. With her, it assumed such
intensity and eloquence that Bill said she
suffocated him with it. And with Dan, it
assumed an ask-for-nothing, hope-for-
nothing silence. She wondered if a girl
could suffocate Dan by loving him too
much. At least, he’d be a lot kinder about
it than Bill.

  She said, "I’d like to have you come in
awhile, Dan. And you might as well call
me Peggy.” Digging around for her key,
she added, "I hope you like apple pie.
It’s about all I have to offer you. That
and some cold ham.”

  “Gosh!” he exclaimed and followed her
down a long, carpeted hallway and into
the tiny apartment with the two love birds
and the bowl of goldfish. He stood at the
door while she went around lighting
lamps. The colors in the green-and-amber
chintz and the taupe rug and the apricot
walls came out all bright and warm again,
and somehow Dan’s voice and his oc-
casional laugh completely destroyed that
echoing hollowness.

THAT night and the two that followed
were unlike any Peggy had ever
known. During the entire year that she
had gone around with Bill, she couldn’t
remember one evening passed quietly in
her apartment.

  Bill wanted his entertainment in a state
of perpetual motion, in bars and night-
clubs or parties at his Hollywood apart-
ment. He made pretty big money at the
studio and he liked to spend it with ap-
propriate sound effects and plenty of
technicolor.

  A night like one of these with Dan
would have driven him crazv-^-just lis-
tening to the radio, talking or remaining
comfortably silent, a game of gin rummy,
an argument over Hamlet, a short story
read aloud, and then when it began to
grow late, a stand-up snack around the
refrigerator.

  Dan talked about his folks and the big
North Dakota farm where he was born
and raised. He told her about the iron-
cold winters when the wind came roaring
PLEASE DIAL L-O-V-E

61

down from Canada, when forty below
zero was nothing. He described the hot
summers and the wide fields of grain
waving along the four horizons and the
funny little school house and the games
he and his four sisters used to play in
the big barn.

  Once when he finished telling her about
his mother, she thought stunned, “Why
I don’t even know if Bill has a mother!”
And once when she asked him to fix a
broken lamp connection, after seating
himself on the floor, he glanced up and
must have caught a startled expression
on her face because he said quickly,
“What’s wrong. Peg?”

  “N-Nothing.” she replied unsteadily,
“Only—only don’t get a shock.”

  But it was she who had gotten the
shock. Because all at once she realized
that these nights were exactly as she had
pictured her married life. But that was
before she met Bill and knew their life
together would be something entirely dif-
ferent. Not that married life, even with
someone like Dan, would be so placid,
with the war and everything, but it was
strangely disturbing to find her old dreams
suddenly alive, even for a few short hours.

  And once she said abruptly, “Dan—
do you think a girl can offer a man too
much love? So that he—he suffocates?”
He scratched the side of his lean cheek
in that gesture she had come to know so
well. “Well,” he replied slowly, “My pa
used to say the finest wheat in the world
won’t grow in loose sand and only a fool
would sow it there.”

  After a strained silence, she said in a
tight little voice, “But suppose there’s no
where else to sow it but in the sand?”
“There’s always another place,” he said.
“If you’re not in too big a hurry.”

  Just as Dan was leaving Friday night,
it was Peggy who suggested that they
spend his last night “going places.”

  He stared at her.

  She said bravely, before she could
change her mind, “If Bill phones me, he-
he’ll just have to phone again.”

  A look of joyful eagerness crossed
Dan’s face and she watched him valiantly
try to deny it with a protest.

  “As long as I won’t know whether Bill
called me or not, I’ll pretend he didn’t.
That way I won’t feel any worse than
I’ve felt for the past two weeks.”

  He crushed her two hands in his.
“Peg. . . !” he exclaimed. “Oh Peg. . .
Gosh. . . !” He was like an overjoyed
kid with the promise of a circus.

  She smiled up at him. “We’ll go any-
where you say, Dan. Anywhere.”

  “The Brown Derby!” he said quickly.
“And the Cocoanut Grove! And that
Chinese theater with the stars’ footprints
in the cement. I even read about those
places up in North Dakota.”

  Searching his happy face, she said,
“I’ve been awfully selfish. Dan. I’ve let
you spend your whole furlough just wait-
ing around with me—for a phone call. I
should have made you go out and have a
good time.”

  “I wouldn’t have gone unless you’d
come too.”

  “But you’ve wanted to go. You’ve
wanted to go very badly. Haven’t you,
Dan?”

  His expression grew deeply sober. “No
I haven’t,” he said. “Not without you.”
“Oh Dan. . .” she whispered, “Dan,
my dear. . and before she realized, she
had put both hands on his shoulders and
reached up and kissed him on the lips,
gratefully, tenderly, lightly.

  It was only when she saw his cheeks
turn pale and hard, his eyes narrow with
pain that she stopped to think what a
cruel thing she had done.

  She spoke quickly, to cover their con-
fusion. “I’ll have to come home first to-
morrow night and dress so you’d better
pick me up here. I think I can get off
earlv so let’s say about nine.”

  “You really want to go?” he asked.
“You’re not just doing this out of—?”
“I really want to go,” she interrupted
firmly, and was a little astonished that
she had spoken with complete honesty.
“With you, Dan.”

  His face was all bright again. “Nine
o’clock then.”

  “Nine o’clock,” she promised. “Good-
night, Dan.”

  “ ’Night, Peg.”

Be sure to read Mary Vincent’s newest story—“Tlje Loves of Laurinda”—
in the April issue of New Love on Sale February 26th!
62

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

WHEN she opened her door on Satur-
day night, the telephone was ring-
ing.

  She stared at it in unbelief, and then
gave a tiny sob. She ran and put both
hands around it and brought it up to her
trembling lips and hungry ears.

  '“Hello, baby. Remember me?” That
warm, husky voice of his went through
her in a twisting thrill of sweetness and
agony.

  “Bill. . .” she breathed, “Oh Bill. .
  “Doing anything?”

  “No.” Her fingers tightened convul-
sively around the handle. “No.”

  “I’m at the Seven Seas in Hollywood
—with the gang. Count and Amy and
Barry and Sybil and Nancy. How about
joining us?”

  “Do you—want me, Bill?”

  “Do you think I’d have phoned you if
I hadn’t?” He laughed and it was so
much more wonderful than all her mem-
ories of his laugh, that she caught her
breath. “But if you want to be coaxed, I’ll
coax. Or better still, I’ll save it till you
get here and prove it another way. How
about it, Miss Books?”

  That was his old extra-affectionate pet
name for her. She swallowed hard at the
lump of breathlessness in her throat. She
felt tingling, glowing. Stars were in front
of her eyes and bliss in her heart. “I-I’ll
be there in about forty minutes, darling!”
“Swell. And by the way—the girls are
all in spangles.”

  She managed to get the phone back in
its cradle and then she remembered Dan.
But it was too late to remember Dan. It
would have been too late anyway. Dan
would have to understand.

  If Bill had phoned while they were
gone, she would not have known. What
a person doesn’t know can’t hurt her.
But what a person does know can be sheer
heaven or hell. And she knew. The
sound of Bill’s voice was all warm and
alive for her again and she knew he
wanted her with him. Dan wouldn’t even
suggest she give up that heaven. After
all, it was only a last night of furlough,
a good-bye between friends against—
against Bill and the coming to life again
of her very existence. Dan wouldn’t ask
such a sacrifice. Dan wouldn’t even ac-
cept it if she had the strength of will to

give it to him—which she hadn’t.
 She wrote him a note:

  Dear Dan,

    Bill just phoned. I'm meeting him. Dan,
  I'm terribly sorry about tonight for us but
  I’m terribly glad he phoned. That sounds
  crazy, doesn't it. But it's true and I think
  you'll understand. You’ve been so fine and
  kind to me it doesn’t seem right to treat you
  like this. But Dan—oh Dan, maybe the less
  1 write, the better it’ll be.

    Good-byet and the best of luck. If you
  ever feel like writing to me. I’ll be very
  proud and happy, and I promise to answer.

                                      Peg.

  Just the way I promised to go out with
him tonight, she thought. But then that
hot eagerness trembled through her again
and even shame was forgotten. She fast-
ened the note just above the doorbell with
a thumbtack.

  At exactly nine fifteen, she stepped into
the dim, perfumed, exotic South Sea at-
mosphere of the Seven Seas. She was
wearing the red and gold evening dress
that Bill preferred. No one would have
suspected she was a librarian. Her brown
hair was brushed about her erectly held
head in a warm, shining halo. Except
for being much too pale, she looked poised
and utterly lovely.

  And there was Bill! He had her hands
in his, and the thrill of his touch leaped
through her, flame-like. She had never
known another man quite so attractive,
quite so casually smooth. In all the world,
there was only one Bill.

  “Well, well,” he smiled. “Hello, Miss
Books.”

  He drew her toward the bar. “We’ll
have a couple alone first before we join
the others.”

  The imitation rain began pounding on
the roof. Or was that the sound of her
own heartbeats? And then strangely, ab-
ruptly, shockingly, there was neither the
sound of rain nor any turmoil within her.
She was staring at Bill, her brows pinched
into a tiny frown. Very attractive and
very smooth, very superficial.

  He said, “I’ve missed you, sweet.”
  “Have you?”

  “I began to get jumpy.”

  “You did?”

  “Say what’s the matter with you any-
way? Why the dead pan?”

  “That’s the way you wanted it played.”
PLEASE DIAL L-O-V-E

63

  “Well a little of a good thing goes a
long way.” He drew her arm against him.
“I said I missed you, sweetheart,” he
whispered. “Now you say something.”
“And I missed you,” she said quietly.
“I missed you so hideously I thought I
was going to lose my mind for awhile.”
“Attababy! And I’ll tell you something
else. From now on, I’ll take all the
smothering you want to give—”

  “But I won’t ever miss you again,” she
said. “Isn’t that funny, Bill? I had to
see you to realize that.”

  His face hardened. Anger touched his
eyes. “Are you a little drunk already?”
“No. Cold sober. More sober than I’ve
ever been around you in my life. What
Dan said was true—only a fool would try
to sow good wheat in loose sand.”

  “Now I know you’re drunk. And who
the hell is Dan?”

 “A farmer from North Dakota who
reads Dickens and Shakespeare and—”
“What’s he to you?”

 “I don’t know yet. Everything I
hope!”

THE

  “Peggy— Come back here!”

  But she was gone.

  At exactly ten-thirty, she flew into the
  lobby of the little hotel near the library.

  “Mr. Daniel Webster Whitney!” she
  told the clerk. Her face was radiant.
  “And please . . . please may I go up to
  his room? Just for a few minutes. I want
  it to be a surprise, so please don’t ring
  him. It’s quite all right. You see, I'm
  going to marry him—I think!’’

  She knocked on the door of Room 201.
  It opened and she looked up into a lean,
  startled young face.

  The face blurred and she blinked away
  her tears. "Hello,” she said in a choked-
  up little voice. “Busy?”

  “Nope. Just reading.”

  “Shakespeare?”

  “The Bible.”

  “We’ve got a date, haven’t we?”
  “Have we?”

  “Oh Dan. . she sobbed. “Oh Danny.
  Danny. . . !”

  For a North Dakota farmer, he kissed
  astonishingly well.

END

8allora

Marine*

Soldiers

Flyer#

YOUR MAI-IN-THE-SERVICE IS
STORY HPfiRY

Send him 5 magazines for 25c

 Are you willing to spend a quarter to send him the equiva-
 lent of 5 book-length novels of fresh, new, exciting fiction?

             . . . Here's how!!

(This offer for Armed Services ONLY)

 Check classification in coupon, fill in name and address and send 25c for 5 magazines (equal to 5
 book-length novels) or 60c for 12 Magazines, (equal to 12 book-length novels). The magazine typea
 you select will be taken from the outstanding fiction magazines of today, all published by "POPULAR
 PUBLICATIONS”, America’s largest ALL-FICTION Magazine Group.

.................MAIL THIS COUPON NOW!..................

 (Indicate number of each type)

Adventure ...........□ Detective............ □ Air .................□

Western............•□ Mystery .............□ Fantastic ............□

Love ............... □ Sports ............. . □ Miscellaneous ........□

 Popular Publications, Inc., 20S E. 42nd St., New Tork City.

 1 enclose (26o) (50c) for the magazines I've checked. Please send them toj

 Name

Aadresa ...............•¥•«...v». ............a«m.m.........4^.«

 If you wish to send more than one package write kind of magazines desired and address on separate
 sheet of paper.

 (Offer Good in United States, U. S. Territories, or Any A. P. O.)
m

amuae

 On

2>,

J

Because she held Mark responsi-
ble for Phil’s death, a marriage to
the man she hated seemed Crys-
tal’s only compensation for the
love she thought she’d lost.

eman

By KATHRYN
KEELEY

CRYSTAL waited in the office of
the Jansen Munitions Plant, Pips’s
small hand tightly clutched in hers.
Her small son was just three. He had
her topaz eyes, the same tawny curls, but
his ingratiating smile belonged to his
father. Crystal shut her eyes tight against
the tears that stung at her lids every time
she looked at him, for Pips’s father had
been killed in a tragic automobile acci-
dent six months ago.

  Through the plate glass partitions she
could feel the curious stares of the clerks
and stenographers, speculating on her
visit to Mark Jansen, the man she had so
bitterly blamed for Phillip’s death.

  The ordeal confronting her was terrify-
ing. She kept swallowing the rising lump
in her throat, so her voice would be cool
when she made her demands. She didn’t
look like a desperate young mother, rather
she was small and gentle, but despair wid-
ened her eyes until they were too big for
the delicate oval of her face. The trans-
lucence of her skin was accented by the
severe black suit, but the usual soft red
of her mouth was a thin line.

  “Hi, young fellow !” Mark’s deep voice
shattered the quiet. He swung Pips to his
shoulder and the little boy let out a de-
lighted squeal. It annoyed Crystal because
she wanted to keep the meeting as formal
as possible. Her hands were cold and
moist with panic as she nervously twisted
64

the narrow, delicately styled gold wedding
band.

  Mark said, “It’s nice of you to drop in,
Crystal. You’re looking well.”

  The sense of his words rose to over-
whelm her. It was obvious he thought she
had come in friendship at last, after re-
pelling his overtures for so many weeks.

  She said unsteadily, “I have something
to discuss with you.”

  Mark carried Pips to his desk and put
a fascinating paper weight in his chubby
hands, a glass ball which sent a shower
of snow over a miniature snowman.

  With the broad expanse of mahogany
between, Crystal had the sudden forlorn
feeling of being left out in an alien world.
If it were not for this insurmountable bar-
rier between them, she might have liked
Mark Jansen. He had a big, brown hulk
of a body, topped with bronze hair. Bronze
lashes shaded his hilarious blue eyes.
Laughter had a way of coming down over
his face, crinkling his eyes before it
reached his mouth. It was a grave mouth,
almost stern, denying the boyishness of
his features. She realized now he had be-
come a bit grim since the accident. So
he should.

  Mark was saying, "Pips has grown un-
believably in six months.”

  It brought her back to her problem.
“That’s what I wanted to see you about.
Perhaps you didn’t know that Philip car-
ried no insurance.”

  He gave a startled gasp of protest.

  She hastened to defend her dead hus-
band. “He was improvident, I realized
There was assurance in the other girl’s laugh-
ter. Her gay, bantering voice called up,
“Mark, people in this town go to City Hall
for two things—to get married, or to go to
jail. Which is it?”
66

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

that. But Philip was so busy living in
the present he didn’t think of the future.
There were many bills, and it has eaten
up my small reserve.”

  The deep blue of his eyes caught and
held hers. “I didn’t know,” he said slow-
ly, “I had supposed Phil was well fixed.”

  Her half smile was bitter. “He had
been draining the principal, his mother
had been using it before him, to give him
the things he should never have had. The
right fraternity at college, a car, an ex-
travagant allowance. His mother spoiled
him. I’m not blaming her exactly, but I
don’t want to make the same mistake with
Pips. Philip was all she had after his
father died. They travelled constantly.
Philip never learned to settle down, even
after we were married.”

TTER voice shook, remembering that
whirlwind courtship—her bewild-
ered acceptance of the lavish gifts Philip
bestowed on her. She was seventeen, and
his car had broken down in the little New
England town where she lived. It was a
custom-built model, and considerable time
was required for the parts to reach her
father’s garage where it was being re-
paired.

  She had dashed in one day when Philip
was impatiently fretting at the delay. His
exasperation ebbed at the very sight of
her laughing, delicate face, her bright,
wind-tossed hair. Crystal was fascinated
by Philip’s jovial high spirits. She had
never known anyone quite like him. He
talked of far places with charming inti-
macy. Compared to the' sober-faced,
struggling high school boys whom she
occasionally dated, he was a cyclone of
gaiety. Crystal was the luckiest girl that
he was even interested.

  To her parents’ dismay, they were
married a week later in the white-spired
church.

  Days after she discovered Philip’s high
spirits came from a bottle, that he was
incapable of determining when he had
enough. The bright sheen of their love
had been obscured by her constant watch-
fulness and his resulting irritation. She
had banked heavily on the arrival of her
baby. Philip would settle down then, but
approaching fatherhood failed to awaken
his responsibilities.

  Crystal had gone alone to the hospital.
Pips was born and nearly died. She didn’t
know where to find Philip. The despera-
tion of fighting such an intangible foe
nearly unseated her reason. She grew
thin and haggard, a despairing replica of
the seventeen-year old bride. That’s when
her father had taken matters into his
hands and insisted that she leave her hus-
band. The shock of losing her jolted
Philip to earth.

  She suddered remembering his hysteri-
cal pleading. Her heart flooded with
warmth and forgiveness. Philip did love
her. She would help him fight this dis-
ease.

  Again her father took matters out of
her hands. She could remain with Philip
only if he entered an institution, and re-
ceived medical care. To her utter amaze-
ment Philip agreed. He was willing to go
to any extremes to keep his wife and child.
Her father even accompanied him to a
reliable hospital, but his shaggy knit brows
testified his doubt that Philip would be
strong enough to rehabilitate himself. Her
father did not live long enough to learn
the result of his ultimatum. The excite-
ment and worry brought on a heart attack
which proved fatal.

  No one ever knew of that year in the
hospital, the exultation Crystal felt when
Philip progressed. No one ever suspected
that he bribed an orderly or a truck driver
to bring him liquor, no one even guessed,
certainly not Mark Jansen.

  The one redeeming feature was that
Philip was cured in time. He returned
home when the Jansen Munitions Plant
were erecting one-story galvanized build-
ings on the outskirts of the town. He
was his lovable self, proud of his young
son, deeply in love with his devoted wife.

  Mark Jansen was a college classmate.
He was their house-guest until the plant
was organized. Crystal liked and admired
the tall, rugged executive—until the night
Mark drove his car over the steep em-
bankment killing her husband who was
riding with him.

  It was an unavoidable accident. The
sheriff assured her of that. But she never
believed him. If Mark had been anyone
less important than the president of the
Jansen Munitions Plant, he would have
gone to prison for manslaughter.
MARRIAGE ON DEMAND

67

MARK was saying, his eyes gentle, “If
there is anything I can do—”

  She choked, “There is plenty you can
do.”

  “Would you be interested in a position
in the office?”

  The smile she gave him wasn’t pretty,
coming from Crystal. She asked sweetly,
“What would I do with Pips?”

  Mark tousled Pips’s curly gold hair.
“Isn’t there someone, a friend to look
after him?”

“No, there isn’t,” she retorted crisply.
Out of a short silence, he suggested
tentatively, “I don't want to embarrass
you, but if it is a question of money, I
could lend you sufficient to tide you over.”
“It is more than money.”

  He was fast losing patience with her,
and she was glad. Every righteous im-
pulse rebelled against bandying polite
words with sotneone who had carelessly
rocked her world from its base. The hot
surging emotion that was pulsing through
her veins was hate. How could he sit
there so suave and assured while she and
Pips suffered? Why should he escape
punishment for his crime?

  Mark hunched his swivel chair forward,
a perplexed frown on his forehead. He
said with a touch of grimness, “If you will
he frank, Crystal, I’ll do my best to help
you. What do you have in mind?”

  She drew a long steadying breath.
“Marriage.”

  He gasped, or maybe she just imagined
it. “To whom, may I ask?"

  “You.”

  It hit him right between the eyes, and
she had the satisfaction of knowing she
had staggered him. It held no triumph.
The problem she was facing was too
titanic to be lessened by anything Mark
Jansen might think.

  He couldn’t speak for a minute.

  She said coldly, “I’m not crazy. I have
given it days of serious thought. Pips
needs a father. Someone with a firm
guiding hand. I couldn’t possibly take a
position and leave Pips to a careless ser-
vant, or an indifferent friend. He is too
precious to me, too little to be left alone.”
Crystal choked back the hoarseness of
her throat.

  Mark found his voice. f,I can under-
stand that, of course. I can make a gen-

erous settlement 011 you to enable you
to raise him comfortably. But marriage!
Crystal, you are bound to meet someone
in a year or two with whom you will fall
in love.”

  Her lip curled in faint scorn. “I loved
Philip and I could not love again.”

  He ran a bewildered hand through his
crisp, bronze hair. “Marriage! It isn't
fair—”

  Hot resentment flayed her. She could
feel the blood in her cheeks, her eyelids
felt as if they were pinned back. “Not
fair to you? How can you say that? You
were responsible for Philip’s death, just
as surely as if you had pulled the trigger
of a gun. The accident was hushed up
because of your name, but you know and I
know you are no better than a murderer.”
“You are hysterical.”

  She covered her trembling with defi-
ance. “I was never more sane in my life.
It isn’t that I want anything for myself.
Pips is the only one who matters. You
are responsible for the loss of his father
and I demand a new father for him.”
“Suppose I refuse?” Mark asked softly.
“You won’t if you have an ounce of
honor. I believe the Jansens pride them-
selves on their honor.”

  For an instance his blue eyes blazed at
her. It was as if she were looking into
a stormy sea for an incredible heartbeat
Crystal was afraid of this stranger to
whom she was making such a strange
proposal. But she quickly brushed her
apprehension aside. By every code she
was justified. The law said a life for a life.
She was demanding a father for Pips by
the same right.

  Mark chucked the little boy under his
dimpled chin. “Maybe you are worth
wrecking two lives for.”

  Crystal rose. “ Don’t forget you wrecked
Philip's.” she reminded him. Her legs
were wfeak. She felt like a silken thread
worn to the breaking point. She knew she
couldn’t stand much more. Her purse con-
tained two dimes and some pennies. If
Mark refused, in her present mental state,
she might do something ghastly.

  She looked at Pips swinging his fat legs
against the desk. Love and despair were
there in her eyes for Mark to read. Her
trembling hands spoke of endurance dan-
gerously near the cracking point. The
68

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

color had faded from her cheeks. She was
so white Mark walked around the desk.

  “I’ll make the necessary arrangements
for the wedding,” he said quietly.

  Crystal swayed a little. She knew his
firm arm was supporting her and his anx-
ious gaze was on her face. “When did
you eat last?” There was deep concern in
his voice.

  “Not so long ago,” she lied faintly.

  Pips injected honestly, “Mummy didn’t
eat.”

  “Well, Pips, we’ll eat now. By the way,
I’m going to be your new daddy.”

  Pips thought that over. He said “Are
you going to kiss Mummy ?”

  Crystal straightened. She stammered
very low. “Please, Mark.”

Mark paid no attention to her protest.
“Of course, I’m going to kiss Mummy."

  Matter-of-factly, his lips brushed her
cold cheek.

  Unexpectedly her resentment flared
against him. It was like him to take ad-
vantage of her. As if reading her thoughts,
his eyebrows arched mockingly. “Don't
worry. This is simply a business deal,
staged for Pip’s sake. I haven’t the slight-
est intention of touching you any more
than necessary. I imagine I can recognize
hate when I see it staring at me. And
believe me, the emotion I feel at this hold-
up isn’t exactly love, or anything near it.”

TTHAT sardonic promise alone sustained
her through the nourishing luncheon
at a quiet restaurant. She and Mark spoke
hardly at all, although Pips chattered in-
cessantly, filling the breach between them.

  Once Mark left them with the trans-
parent excuse of a telephone call, and
Crystal had the anxious thought that he
had reconsidered and was walking out. It
didn't matter now. Nothing mattered.
She had the detached feeling as if she were
viewing a rather poor play from a gallery
seat. The words were muffled, and she
couldn't keep her mind on the action.
Somehow it would come out right in the
end.

  When Mark returned he carried a cor-
sage of tiny pink rosebuds. Crystal’s hands
were so cold she could hardly hold them.

  He said mockingly, “I’d like Pips to
remember something pretty about this
wedding.”

  In the same dispassionate vein, she re-
torted, “Thanks, they are lovely.” She
would not wear them to her marriage, she
determined with disdain. There was noth-
ing pretty about this wedding, nothing
sacred. The sweetness of the flowers was
simply a taunt.

  But when the three of them reached City
Hall, the flowers were still on her shoul-
der, their fragrance making her a little
giddy.

  Mark secured the license with a mini-
mum of delay, although a long queque
shuffled by the window. The waiting
period was also mysteriously waived.
Again Crystal was reminded of the in-
fluence of the Jansen name. The same
sheriff who so conveniently listed Philip’s
tragedy as an unavoidable accident, per-
formed the ceremony.

  Mark produced a diamond band. He
must have secured it when he bought the
flowers. In a panic she wondered what she
should do with Philip’s ring. It had never
been off her finger. At the proper time,
however, Mark simply slipped his glitter-
ing band on her third finger. It was so
large it covered Philip’s ring, and that
wasn’t right, either.

  It was when they were coming down the
wide stone steps of the Municipal Build-
ing that someone hailed Mark. And then
Crystal saw the tall girl, with black hair
and slanting dark eyes, exquisitely dressed
in a mink coat. Her laughter held all the
assurance of security.

  Her gay, bantering voice called up,
“Mark, people m this town go to City
Hall for two things—to get married, or
go to jail. Which is it?”

  A dull guilty red spread over his cheeks.
His eyes were blades of cold steel. Crystal
knew in a brief, vivid flash, this girl meant
something to him. There was a possessive
audacity in the way she laughed up at him.

  Crystal's hands were ice, and her heart
stopped beating, waiting for his answer.

  It came at last, hopelessly slow. “Crys-
tal and I have just been married, Toni.”
He made the introductions in an expres-
sionless tone. Toni was too stunned to
say a word.

  It was not until Crystal and Pips were
installed in Mark's suite at the town’s
leading apartment hotel that she was over-
come by the enormity of the step she had
MARRIAGE ON DEMAND

69

just taken with such great haste.

  Mark made sure that they were both
comfortably settled. Then said, "I must
go out for a while.”

  To Toni. Crystal supplied the words
silently. Her lips twisted in scorn. He
would have to give Toni some explanation
of this sudden marriage. So far as Crys-
tal was concerned, he could devote the
rest of his life to Toni, provided he was
a father to Pips.

  On his way out. Mark had dinner sent
up. Crystal and Pips ate in quiet absorp-
tion. The food tasted like ashes. Pips was
fascinated by his new surroundings, by the
stuffed dog that had arrived with the din-
ner. Crystal had difficulty getting him
settled in the big bed in the guest room.
Mark had pushed it up against the wall
so Pips wouldn't roll out.

  When he was asleep at last, the reaction
set in. She crawled in beside him, and
cried noiselessly, hard racking sobs that
tore at her heart. She wished this reckless
d^y undone. The urgency that prompted
her to take the lives of four people into her
hands seemed unimportant. She and Pips
could have managed somehow.

  It was daybreak when she dropped off
to sleep. Mark hadn't returned. In the
morning, she found his bed hadn't been
disturbed.

THE next lew weeks dragged by in
numbed monotony. Whatever Mark’s
social obligations were, he was always
there for dinner. His conversation with
Crystal was brief and remote. He was
real only when he played with Pips. Then
his eyes would go so blue, the tears would
sting at Crystal’s eyelids. His laughter
would hold a deep heart-breaking note.
With a frightened dismay, Crystal real-
ized Pips was his vulnerable spot. It was
a two-edged sword, that Pips returned his
love. He would leave her at the drop of
a hat at the sound of Mark’s footsteps.

  At noon one day Mark brought home
a sad-eyed black spaniel for Pips. The
playful little puppy frisked about Pip’s
short legs, tumbling him to the floor and
licking his face. Mark went into gales of
laughter with him. For an unbelievable
half hour, the polite barrier between them
crumpled.

  “I always wanted a mut when I was a

kid,” he explained to Crystal. “And my
mother wouldn’t have one, because of hairs
on the furniture and the fleas in the rugs.
Every puppy I coaxed home, the S.P.C.A.
got eventually.”

  Hope stirred in her heart. Mark was
talking to her as if she were a human
being rather than some horrible creature
who had forced herself into his life.
“Every boy should have a dog,” she said
softly.

  “We never had a house, either. My fa-
ther travelled, and we lived at a hotel.
All hotel rooms look alike. I have no
memories of a place that was our own.”
“Poor Mark!” she breathed trying to
picture a small boy with crisp bronze hair
and troubled blue eyes. He must have been
a very lonely little boy.

  “When I grew up I managed to get
some of the things I wanted.”

  With a sickening flash she knew it didn’t
include a wife, another man’s son. She
went rigid with shame.

  Mark rose at last. “I must be getting
back to the plant, but I am going to knock
off at four o’clock. I’d like to take Pips
to the zoo.”

  Crystal wanted to ask if she could go,
too, but the words stuck in her throat.
She couldn't risk a curt refusal. She
couldn’t endure seeing the bleak hardness
curtaining Mark’s eyes. There was no
understanding this feeling within her that
soared at his pleasant nod, or sank at in-
difference in his gaze. But she deter-
mined to be ready when he came at four,
and if he indicated by the slightest word
that she was included in the invitation,
she would lose no time in accepting.

  Her plans went awry, for after Mark
left, the puppy howled. Pips couldn’t nap
for the disturbance. Over the phone die
manager informed her in an ominous tone,
"Madam, no dogs are allowed in this
apartment house. Your lease will be can-
celled unless you get rid of the animal.”
He added as an afterthought, “Mr. Jan-
sen’s lease also specifies no children.”
Pips cried when she broke the news to
him about Blackie. He hung on the dog's
neck, and the puppy whined louder. The
people in the adjoining apartment knocked
threateningly on the wall. There was
nothing to do but to get Pips dressed and
go out.
70

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

  Crystal thought they must have walked
around the block a dozen times when
Mark brushed into them.

  She couldn’t help laughing, “We were
put out, the three of us. Your lease says
no dogs and no children.”

  He glowered at her for a minute, then
turned to signal a taxi. "Okay, we’ll rent
a house. Pips should have a place to run.”
Before she knew it. the four of them
were in the back seat. Crystal was wedged
between Mark and Pips, while Blackie
scrambled over them.

  Mark gave the driver directions to a
real estate office.

  Crystal laid her hand on his arm. “No,
Mark, I don’t think you’d better rent a
house.” No one knew what an effort it
cost her, because suddenly a house with a
garden for Pips to play in, seemed the
most wonderful place in the world, the
house Mark had always dreamed of.

  Apparently he didn’t notice her hand
on his sleeve. “Why not? We’ll probably
find one not too far from the plant.”

  She was trembling so hard she had to
take a firm grip on herself.

  “Because I realize how wrong I have
been, to force you into this marriage. I
still hold you responsible for Philip’s
death. In theory marriage was the only
solution. I can’t get that girl Toni out of
my mind.”

  His face was a mask. "Isn’t it rather
late to let your conscience bother you?”
Miserably, she nodded. “I did behave
disgracefully, but T was desperate. I
couldn’t bear to put Pips in a home, and
I couldn’t take care of him any longer. I
think I was on the verge of a breakdown.
I see things differently now. I can get a
quiet divorce. You will be free to marry
Toni. Pips and I won’t bother you again.”
She looked up to meet the thunder in
his eyes. “Fine.” The word seemed torn
from him. “Now that you are fed and
coddled, you’ve recovered from your brain
storm. Now that I love Pips more than
anything on this earth, you are going to
take him away from me. Just like that.”
“Mark. I didn’t mean—”

  “I know exactly what you mean. It's a
rather tame existence being the wife of
Mark Jansen. There isn’t the excitement
of travelling around the country the way
you did with Phil. It’s dull being stuck in

an apartment hotel. It will be even duller
in a house in the suburbs.”

Through clenched teeth Crystal said, “I
suppose this is your way of punishing me.”
He looked at her so long she felt par-
alyzed. “I can think of more unpleasant
ways of punishing you.”

  He pulled her to him roughly and bent
to kiss her. She was too astonished to
resist. His mouth on hers aroused all the
starved loneliness and heartbreak that had
been concealed too long. Her lips re-
sponded, giving him a glimpse of the
aching sweetness of her heart.

  When he released her he made no at-
tempt to hide his own amazement. “That
was a crazy impulse,” he said unsteadily.
“It won’t happen again.”

  “Crazy,” she repeated like a parrot.
Was it crazy, or was it beautiful ? What
was happening to her that she could still
feel the warmth of his mouth? She would
not meet his gaze, fearful he would read
in her eyes the knowledge she refused to
admit to her heart.

  Staring straight ahead she stammered,
“We can’t go on like this. Let me get a
divorce.”

  His chin was a rock. “No. I won’t
give up Pips.”

TT WAS a lovely house that Mark final-
  ly selected.

  “Like it, Crystal? How about you,
Pips?” Mark asked.

  Crystal nodded, her throat too full for
words. That kiss was still vivid. Each
step was a new link pulling her into a dan-
gerous abyss. She had demanded mar-
riage, but she had the feeling she would
be ultimately consumed in her own fire.

  Pips made no answer. He was thump-
ing hard on a high key on the piano. Crys-
tal crossed to him, sat beside him on the
upholstered bench. “I haven’t touched a
piano for years. Come, sing this little
jingle with me, Pips.”

  That piano saved her pride. In the fol-
lowing weeks it occupied her hands that
wanted to reach out and touch Mark. It
filled the thoughts that flew after him as
he strode down the hill to the plant. She
knew intuitively he was seeing Toni. The
girl’s exotic fragrance clung to him. Once
upon emptying the pockets of an overcoat
to be sent to the cleaners she found a
MARRIAGE ON DEMAND

71

jewelled compact. Crystal slammed the
dresser drawer hard on the shining orna-
ment. There wasn’t the slightest reason
in the world for her to feel a twinge of
jealousy. She knew Mark loved Toni,
and if it weren’t for the demand she had
made on him, they would have probably
been married. She was caught in a trap
of her own making, but she lived for those
brief glimpses she had of him.

  The jingle book grew thick with songs.
She sketched Pips’ chubby figure and
Blackie, and the gray squirrel that scam-
pered across their frozen garden.

  Mark happened upon the book one day.
Crystal came into the living room to find
him playing the piano with one finger.

  He looked across at her, and the clear
blue of his eyes turned her heart complete-
ly over. “Say, this is clever. Crystal. Why
don’t you publish it?”

  Crystal had been pulling Pips about the
garden on his sled. There was snow on
her fur hood, her cheeks were cold and
bright. She had never seemed lovelier.

  She shrugged, tossed off her jacket and
hood. “I made them up for Pips. I doubt
if a publisher would even look at those
songs.”

  “You wouldn't like to bet on it, would
you?” His eyes beamed at her but it
dawned on her his smile was haggard.

  She could see he was under some terrific
strain. “What is the matter?” she asked
frankly. “Something at the plant?”
“The plant is all right. It’s—it’s Toni.
She is getting difficult. Making wild
threats. I wish you would avoid her if
she does come out to the house. ”

  “I’m sorry, Mark. I can appreciate how
she feels.”

  “I never thought Toni would make
herself ridiculous. After all this is some-
thing that can't be changed.”

  The pause lasted endless minutes. “Are
you sure it can’t be changed?” She
couldn’t keep the tremor out of her voice.

  “Quite sure. So don’t let her upset
you. I have tried to end things decently
with Toni, but I haven't done a good job.”
Her hands stretched out to him. " You
haven’t made a good job of it? What have
I done?” Then she was sobbing against
the broad expanse of his shoulder. . . .
Mark patted her shoulder. He let her

cry it out. “It’s all right, darling,” he
whispered.

  She wasn’t sure about that “darling.”
It might have been a trick of her imagina-
tion. Or it could have been because she
wanted so desperately to hear tenderness
in his deep voice.

  His eyes were shielded from her probing
gaze as he put on his overcoat. Through
the French doors, Pips called for another
ride. Her heart fluttering like an uncaged
bird, Crystal went out to him. They
waved to Mark slithering down the steep
incline. They built a snow man with a
paper hat and Blackie dug at its feet, send-
ing snow flurries in all directions. Crystal
laughed and Pips squealed, and it was as
if everything was right in the world.

 When it was dusk and Pips' nose
glowed from the cold, they went in.

A ND there was the girl, Toni, beauti-
fully at home in Mark’s favorite chair.
The ash tray heaped with stubs indicated
she had been there a long time. The slant-
ing dark eyes were hard, and there was a
reckless defiance in the way she slid out
of her mink coat.

  Crystal said, “Hello, you don’t mind if
I get Pips out of all these clothes?”

  Toni replied, “I have plenty of time.”
Crystal urged him out of the room,
saying, “Give Blackie a good rub-down.”
Toni said nothing, even after Pips had
made a flying leap at Blackie. A spasm of
fear rocked Crystal’s heart. Mark told
her not to worry, hut she couldn’t still
the apprehension which was spreading
through her. Yet a flicker of sympathy
mingled with her emotion. Toni loved
Mark. too.

  Toni smiled, a thin stretch of her lips.
“Aren’t you curious why I am here?”
“Should 1' be?”

 She shrugged. “Mark warned me
against coming.”

  Crystal said, “There isn't anything you
can say that I haven't told myself. It
seemed right at the time to force Mark to
marry me. He was responsible for Philip’s
death. Pips needed a father. I didn’t
know about you. Frankly, I don't think
it would have stopped me if I had.”
There was an odd glint in Toni’s eyes.
Her smoldering hostility was a white-hot
flame. Her voice was throaty with anger
72

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

as she cried, “Mark didn’t marry you be-
cause you forced him. He says it was be-
cause of Pips. I don’t believe it. It was
because he loves you.”

  Crystal’s shrill doubting laughter was
startling in the stillness. “If ever a man
hated a woman who blackmailed him into
marriage, Mark hates me.”

  Toni’s gesture discounted that thrust.
She cried harshly, “Why else would he
conceal from you the real facts about
Philip?”

CRYSTAL could feel the blood draining
from her face. She had the sickening
feeling she was going to faint. “What do
you know about Philip?” she demanded.

  Toni blazed, “I was with him that night
in Mark’s car. Don’t look so alarmed.
Phil didn’t mean anything to me. Nor I
to him. Mark and I met him in a cocktail
bar. He was celebrating something, a re-
turn from a long trip somewhere. I was
provoked at Mark. I tried to make him
jealous by flirting with Phil. Phil and I
drank too much, and Mark just sat there
looking like a thundercloud. We thought
it would be fun to go for a ride in his car.”
“Phili-p was driving?” Those hoarse
words were coming from Crystal’s throat.

  Toni shook from sheer hysteria, the
horror of that awful ride was in her eyes.

  Her voice said thickly, “I didn’t know
Phil was so far gone. The car kept weav-
ing. I didn’t have the strength to twist it
back on the road. I think I fainted. I
couldn’t remember the crash. Mark got
there first. He had followed us in Phil’s
car. I was uninjured. He got me out. I
phoned for the ambulance and called my
father. He is the sheriff, you know.”
Crystal didn’t know. She was too
stunned to feel anything.

  Toni’s brittle voice was saying, “My
father agreed to Mark’s story that he was
driving and it was an unavoidable acci-
dent. Dad didn’t want me mixed up in it.”
Crystal pressed her cold fingers against
her temples. It seemed as if her head was
swelling until it would burst.

  “Why did they let me go on in such a
fool’s paradise?” she thought she screamed

the question, but her moving lips sent forth
only a harsh whisper.

  “I wanted to tell you, but Mark
wouldn’t let me. He wanted you to keep
your ideal of Phil intact. And I wanted
Mark so much I traded on that queer
quirk in his brain. I knew he would even
marry me to keep the knowledge from you.
I never supposed you would make this
marriage demand on him. Mark never
loved me. I know it now. I tried to take it
like a good sport and I couldn’t. Maybe
he doesn’t realize he loves you, but a man
who goes to such lengths to protect a girl
is giving a pretty fair imitation of it.”

  “Toni, I offered him his freedom. He
wouldn't give up Pips.”

  Toni rose wearily. “I came here intend-
ing to shoot the works. I watched Pips
playing in the snow, and it all sizzled out
of me. He is a miracle boy.”

  “He has a miracle mother.” From the
doorway came Mark’s quiet voice. How
long he had been there, Crystal didn’t
know. She felt numb and confused. Her
world had split wide open. Her accusa-
tions against Mark were horrible now that
she knew the truth. She felt stripped.
There was not one bit of pride left.
Through a haze she knew Toni had gone.

  Mark crossed the room to her.

  He drew her to her feet, “Crystal!”

  “What can I say ?” her eyes were hum-
ble and pleading.

  “Do you need to say anything? Toni
is wiser than I thought. Yes, I listened,
shamelessly. I do love you. I didn’t real-
ize it until now. I think I fell in love with
you when I stayed with you and Phil.
Pips was a toddler and you were the most
beautiful sight in the world. I think I
would have given my life to protect you
both. It was a most idealistic love. Lately
it has been unsatisfied—since that kiss in
the taxi.”

  “Then you felt it too? I demanded mar-
riage—”

  “I’m demanding love. For now and
always.”

  It was a new beginning of a marriage
that had begun in misunderstanding. The
deep look that passed between them held a
glorious promise for the future.

THE END
VJo Romance J^or Cjenie

By JUNE RUTHERFORD

Genie had made up her mind she
was love-proof—until she kissed
a man who gave her the bruslioff.

They streaked down the parkway
and Suzy Q held her black head
high.

AT FOUR-THIRTY on a cloudy
April afternoon, Genie Craig
parked her sister’s travel-stained
car in front of the one skyscraper of a
small city somewhere in the U.S.A. “You

73
74

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

wait here, Sarah,” she said briskly, "and
move the car if I’m gone over an hour.
We don’t want to add a parking ticket
to our problems.”

  Sarah Garden made a gallant effort to
smile, but her lips were dry, her cheeks
swollen, and her eyes tired. “I’ll keep
my fingers crossed,” she said.

  “And Tommy,” Genie spoke to the five-
year-old who was zooming an airplane on
the back seat, using a suitcase for a land-
ing base, "suppose you sit up front and
tell your Mummy the story I read you
this morning about the deer that walked
into a hotel lobby—remember?”

  “Aw wight,” Tommy said, flinging a
chubby leg over the seat and tumbling
after.

  "I’m not coming back.” Genie promised
them, “until Mr. Peter Henderson agrees
to let you have that apartment. We’re not
going to spend another night in that
dismal tourist cabin.” She dropped a
nickel in the parking meter and marched
into a street floor office marked in tall
gold letters:

PETER HENDERSON,

REAL ESTATE.

  “I want to see Mr. Peter Henderson,
please,” she said to the elderly secretary
ensconced behind a vast mahogany desk,
“on a very important matter.”

  The woman appraised Genie with a
trained eye. "Did you wish to look at
houses or apartments ? At the moment we
have only—”

  “Neither,” Genie said bluntly. “I said
I wish to speak to Mr. Henderson.”
“Abort a—a personal matter?”
“Perhaps yes, perhaps no.”

  The secretary hesitated, unable to cata-
logue Genie properly. “Very well,” she
said uncertainly. “The third door to your
left.”

  “Thank you.” With a brief smile,
Genie crossed the room, opened the third
door on the left, and entered without
knocking.

  For twenty-four hours she had visu-
alized Peter Henderson as a deaf old
gentleman, bald as an egg, and rather
dapper. Therefore, she was momentarily
stunned to discover a very young Peter
Henderson, in wrinkled tweeds, slouched
behind another vast mahogany desk, with

his big feet propped up on a window
ledge. He was pipe-smoking and ob-
viously day-dreaming.

  At the sudden unexpected swish of a
woman’s skirt, he unwound himself and
sat up. There was a hint of reproach in
the wide-apart gray eyes, as if she had
derailed an important train of thought.

  Genie’s amber eyes met his gray gaze
levelly. Her mouth was set in stern young
lines. Her slender body, in a blue gaber-
dine suit, was tense. She looked as if
she might coil up and spring at him at
the slightest provocation. But instead she
blew a light brown curl off her forehead
and began crisply: “Mr. Henderson?”
“In the flesh.” he said irrelevantly.
“The spirit is taking the day off.” He
unwound his long legs still further and
stood up. “If you wish to confer with
me, why don’t we sit down?”

  “Look,” Genie seated herself on the
edge of a chair, “my sister and I have
scoured this city of yours for three days
searching for a small, furnished apart-
ment. The only one available is in the
Bellepoint Apartments, which, I under-
stand, belongs to you.”

  He busied himself digging ashes out of
his pipe, pausing occasionally to look at
her, and finally to make a statement. “I
have a resident manager there, a Mrs.
Harold Stone, who has charge of leasing
the apartments. You should talk to
her ..."

  “We have talked to her!” Genie ex-
claimed. “And that old hatchet faced
zinnia told my sister that she couldn’t have
the apartment on account of Tommy.”
“That old hatchet faced zinnia.” Peter
remarked dryly, “is a friend of mine. Who
is Tommy?”

  “My nephew. The smartest youngster
this side of the Quiz Kids.”

  “How old is he?”

  “He’ll be five tomorrow.”

  The young realtor frowned darkly and
shook his head. “We do not allow chil-
dren or dogs in the Bellepoint. That
particular apartment building happens to
be the quietest, smartest and most ex-
clusive—”

  “I’ve seen it,” Genie broke in, “so you
needn’t spread it on quite so thickly. The
Bellepoint is no more and no less attrac-
tive than dozens of other apartments in
NO ROMANCE FOR GENIE

75

dozens of other cities. The only reason
my sister wants that particular apart-
ment is because it is absolutely the only
furnished one vacant in this city, and be-
cause it is near the new Air Depot. You
see. she wants to be with her husband,
Lieutenant Thomas Garden— as much as
possible until he is sent to Africa, or
Australia, or Russia, or one of those
places on the other side of the globe—
especially with the baby coming.”

  His eyebrows soared. “Oh. there’s go-
ing to be another child?"

  She nodded. “In a couple of months,
more or less, and they’re terribly thrilled
about it. But if you ask me, a girl is
courting trouble, camp-following a hus-
band all over. However, Tom wants her,
and Sarah wants Tom and who am I to
judge ? So I’ve brought her to him again,
and I'm going to stick around until she is
settled comfortably. Then I’m coming
back to look after her two Toms while
little Phyllis is being born.”

  “Phyllis, eh?” He laid his pipe aside,
and Genie observed an encouraging eye
flicker.

  “Yes. Phyllis. Naturally Sarah and
Tom can’t afford hotel rates on a lieu-
tenant’s commutation, and every boarding
house already is bursting at the seams.
For the past three nights they have bunked
in a tourist cabin that smells and leaks,
leaving most of their belongings in the
car. So you see how important it is for
them to have that apartment.”

PETER stood up again and shoved his
hands deep into his pockets. His frown
widened. “But I’ve already told you—
we do not allow children in the Belle-
point.”

  “Or dogs,’’ Genie added. “But Tommy
doesn't have a dog—yet. I promised to
give him one of Lady’s puppies when
they’re born. I’m going to bring it with
me when I return. Lady is a blonde
cocker—”

  “Now wait a minute, Miss— What is
your name?”

  “Eugenia Craig.”

  “Miss Craig. This is all very interesting
and romantic and gallant and patriotic
and all that. And I'd like to be of service
to you, especially since your brother-in-
law is a low ranking Army officer with a

wife and kid on his neck. But that is his
misfortune, not mine. For the third and
last time, I repeat, we do not allow chil-
dren or dogs in the Bellepoint.”

  Genie drew a sharp breath. “What kind
of country would we have fifty years from
now. Mr. Peter Henderson,” she flashed
out. “if every property owner made a
rule against children?”

  “Never thought much about it.” he
retorted. “My old man built the apart-
ment and made the rule. I’m just carry-
ing on where he left off.”

  “And what kind of tenants do you
have in your precious apartment?” she
continued scornfully. “I'd like to line
them up and look them over. A fine col-
lection of—of ostriches they must be.”
He made a noise in his throat that
sounded to Genie like a cross between
a chuckle and a growl. “I think I'd better
get you a glass of water before you blow
a fuse.”

  “I’d be willing to blow a fuse.” she
said tensely, “if that would make you lift
your head out of the sand. These are
not normal times, Mr. Henderson. That
rule of yours should be scrapped, at least
for the duration. There’s enough of a
housing problem everywhere without your
adding to it. What kind of a citizen are
you. anyway? Why aren't you in uni-
form? You look able-bodied to me, and
my guess is you’re not a day over twenty-
four!'”

  “Twenty-five,” he grinned. “And I
expect to be in uniform by the end of
this week.”

  “Oh!” Genie’s hand flew to her mouth.
“Sorry I took that poke at you. It was
unfair and impertinent.”

  “On the contrary,” he assured her. “I
regard it as a very fair and pertinent
question to ask any able-bodied young
man in civilian clothes.” He walked over
to a cooler and filled a glass. “Drink
this slowly and quietly,” he commanded
her, “and permit me to say a few words
without interruption.”

  She obeyed, her eyes focussed upon him
with obvious distrust.

  “If I should agree to break the rules
for the duration, set the other tenants
howling, let your sister and her lieutenant
and Tommy and Phyllis have that apart-
ment. would you—” He regarded her
76

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

thoughtfully. “No, I don’t expect you
would.”

  “Would I what ?” she asked curiously.
“Would you agree to—to let me take
you out to dinner—say, every night this
week? You see. I’m leaving Saturday for
camp, and I want somebody to—well,
help me celebrate my induction into the
Army as a buck private.”

  She almost choked on a swallow of
water. “What’s the matter with your
home town girls?” she asked warily.
“Aren’t they all pining over you?”

  “Oh sure,” he said easily. “That’s why
I prefer to spend my last evenings with
you. I—I don’t want to be pinned over.”
“I” Genie stated complacently,
“wouldn’t pine over any man.” Her eyes
suddenly narrowed. “It’s a deal,” she
bargained, “provided vou let my sister
have the apartment for fifty dollars a
month. She can’t afford to pay a cent
more.”

  “But it’s listed at seventy-five J”

  "You probably upped it to seventy-
five,” she said dryly, “about the time
Ihe Government started building an Air
Depot nearby.”

  He acknowledged defeat with a broad
grin. “All right. You win. Fifty dollars
and five dinners. I’ll draw up a lease.”
“Fifty dollars and four dinners,” she
corrected him, “beginning tomorrow
night. And don’t put the—the dinners in
the lease. Tom and Sarah needn’t know
about that. I’m a girl of my word, and
furthermore, I can take care of myself.”
“I believe you.” The deal was closed
with a firm handshake.

PROMPTLY at six-thirty the follow-
ing evening, Peter knocked on B-l of
the Bellepoint Apartments and was ad-
mitted by tow-headed Tommy. “Gome
in, Sir,” he said brightly. “We’re bof
ready.”

  “Did he say bo]?” Peter inquired of
Genie, who was standing in the middle
of the living room wearing a rare costume
jewel of a smile and a compelling outfit
of grey flannel with a red dotted blouse
and a giey beret.

  “I’m afraid he did,” she retorted gaily.
“You see, it’s his birthday and I promised
him a party. He worked like a steam
shovel today helping us unpack. Besides,

his Mummy and Dad are dining with
the C. O. tonight. Tommy wasn’t in-
vited. Do you mind?”

  “Oh no,” Peter assured her. "I’m de-
lighted !”

  “I was sure you would be.” She placed
Tommy between them in Peter’s blue
roadster and he chattered away about
airpanes and jeeps and sheen guns as
they streaked down the parkway.

  They dined in state at the Lakeside
Inn with Tommy sitting in a highchair
between them. At any moment Genie
expected Peter to start sulking because
she had dragged him along, so she was
emotionally unprepared for his big brother
act. He made a tremendous fuss over
Tommy’s birthday, ordering a cake with
five candles, singing “Happy Birthday
Dear Tommy,” in an elastic accordian-
tenor voice, and insisting that they must
treat him to a Wild West movie.

  It was a double feature, and long before
the last villain was slain, Tommy was
sleeping noisily, his head on Genie’s lap,
his feet stretched across Peter’s ktiees.

  When they reached the apartment,
Peter shoveled him into bed and stood
by while Genie took off his coat, cap,
shoes and socks. They tiptoed out to-
gether.

  At the door Genie held out her hand.
“Thank you,” she said sweetly, “for
being so nice to Tommy and me.”

  “Bring him along tomorrow night,”
Peter suggested with an odd grimace, “if
you’re still afraid of me.”

  Her eyes opened wide. “Oh. but I’m
not”

  “Liar,” he said softly. “But sweet.
Good night.”

  On the next night, after giving the
matter constant thought, Genie decided
to risk dining alone with Peter Henderson,
just to prove to him that she was not
afrard. But when lie ushered her into
his car, she found the front seat partially
occupied by an enormous Kerry Blue
Terrier, who stared at her out of doleful
brown eyes.

  "This is Susy Q,” Peter announced
lightly. “She has a standing engagement
with me on Wednesday nights, and since
this is my last Wednesday night at home,
I couldn’t conscientiously leave her be-
hind. Hope you don’t mind.”
NO ROMANCE FOR GENIE

77

  “Not at all,” Genie assured him. “I’m
delighted.”

  “I was quite sure you would be,” he
grinned.

  Once more they streaked down the
parkway, this time with Susy Q sitting
between them holding her black head high.
Peter turned into the parking area of a
Hot Shoppe and ordered hamburgers,
French frieds, pie and coffee for three.
They discovered that they both liked
coffee with cream and no sugar, ham-
burgers with plenty of everything, and
sweet potato pie. Susy O drank her
coffee straight.

  With their hunger appeased, Peter
turned a disarming smile Genie’s way.
“What shall we do now ?”

  “What do you and Susy Q usually do
on Wednesday nights,” she inquired.

  “We usually take a long walk through
the park.”

  “That’s my dish,” Genie said.

  It was a lovely night for a long walk
through the park, until an angry thunder
storm caught up with them and chased
them into the band pavilion. There, wet
and chilled, they waited in a huddle while
the rain fell in silver ropes.

  “You're cold,” Peter said finally, wrap-
ping his arms about her.

  She moved away. “I am not.”

  There was a long uneasy silence broken
only by the sound of rain on the roof.
Peter decided to try a more direct
approach.

  “I'd like to kiss you, Genie.”

  “It isn’t in the deal.” Her voice was
taut.

  “Then,” Peter challenged her, “why
not put it in at once?”

  He stooped to kiss her, but she quickly
turned her face away. There was just
a fragment of a kiss between them, but
even so, it was somehow different. Often
in the past disturbing months Genie had
stated to Sarah, and to many of her girl
friends who were marrying and snatching
a few weeks of so-called happiness while
they could, that no man’s kiss could dis-
turb her, clutter up her life with camp-
following and heartbreak. She was in-
vulnerable, thank goodness. Yet here she
was feeling suddenly tender and startled
and angry and frightened over practically
no kiss at all!

 Susy Q growled at her and Peter
laughed. “She’s jealous,” he said. “To-
morrow night I’ll leave her at home.”
“There isn’t going to be any tomorrow
night,” Genie said darkly.

  “Still afraid of me?” Peter challenged
her, and Genie shook her head vigorously.

DEEP in the night Genie told herself
that the smart thing for her to do
was to exit with a whole heart. She
promised herself to leave the next day.
Sarah was comfortably settled in the
apartment and Tom could come home for
lunch often. There was no reason at all
why she should stay on any longer.

  But Sarah wakened the following morn-
ing feeling so ill that Genie ordered her
to stay in bed. She prepared breakfast,
lunch and dinner and washed all of
Tommy’s clothes. There was no time for
her to pack her bag or see about a ticket.

  Toward late afternoon another reason
for staying over materialized. The Belle-
point tenants had greeted the newcomers
with annoyed stares, especially Mrs.
Stone, the hatchet faced zinnia. She lived
down the hall with an astonishingly
beautiful daughter who had gray-green
eyes and taffy-colored hair. Genie de-
cided it would be a fine idea for her to
make at least one friend in the building
for Sarah to turn to.

  But when she met Mrs. Stone's daugh-
ter in the hall and threw out her friend-
liest smile as a trial balloon, the other
girl glared at her coldly and disappeared
in her own apartment.

  “Oh well,” Genie muttered. “Sarah has
Tom and Tommy and Phyllis, and I’ll be
back in a few weeks when there won’t
be any Peter Henderson around to com-
plicate my life. Meantime, I’ll just take
a shower and put on my yellow silk with
the red jacket.”

  At six-thirty her bright head was
pressed against the window. She told
Sarah that she was watching the sunset.
Actually she was keeping an eye out for
a chap in a blue roadster.

  Seven o’clock came, and then seven-
thirty. At eight she began to feel queer
around the edges of her stomach. At
eight-thirty she left the window forever.
At nine o’clock, Sarah persuaded her to
sit down and eat some dinner. The food
78

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

was cold and soggy and tasteless. At ten
o’clock Tom said, “Genie, since you’re
all dressed up with no place to go, how
about riding out to the Depot with me?
I’ve got to check over some matters with
the O. D.”

  She went because she wanted to prove
to herself that she wasn’t the kind of
girl who sat around waiting all evening
for any man. But the moment Tom drove
away from the apartment, she regretted
having accepted his invitation. She
wanted desperately to turn back.

  It was on the drive back from the
Depot that Genie saw Peter’s blue road-
ster parked in a lover’s nook on the side
of the road. Etched in the bright moon-
light were two heads bent close. Peter
and some other girl! Some strange new
emotion needled Genie’s heart in so many
places that it was practically raw.

  “This must be lover’s lane,” Tom
laughed.

  Genie tried to manufacture a bit of
bright repartee, but somehow the words
wouldn’t jell.

  “What’s the matter, honey?” Tom in-
quired. “You’re awfully quiet tonight.”

  “I’m fine,” Genie said. “Never felt
better in my life.”

SHE went to bed at once and turned
out the light. W?hat she needed, she
told herself sternly, was a good night's
sleep. Tommy snuggled against her taut
body and kicked her occasionally. She
spanked his legs and turned him over.
Her eyes stung in the darkness. Peter
Henderson was the most contradictory
man she’d ever met. He didn’t want
children or dogs in his apartment build-
ing, yet he was grand with Tommy and
Susy Q adored him. He made a deal
with her for fifty dollars and four din-
ners and then calmly ignored it. He kissed
a girl and then brushed her off. He . . .

  The telephone rang at twelve o’clock.
Genie was out of the bed before the
last tinkle had died away. “Hello,” she
said, very sleepilv.

  “Genie?”

  “Oh—it’s you.” She flattened her
voice out like a plank.

  “Listen, Genie. I’ve got to see you.
Will you meet me in the drive ? We could
swing around the block a time or two.

I can be there in two minutes flat.”
“I’ve retired,” Genie said firmly. “I
was asleep. You shouldn’t call people
in the middle of the night.”

  “But I’ve got to tell you why I—why
I’m so late ...”

  “It doesn’t matter in the least,” Genie
said. “You don’t have to explain your
actions to me. And vice-versa.”

  “Please. Genie.”

  She pressed her lips tightly together.
“So you won’t talk, eh? All right.
Neither will I—until six-thirty tomorrow
night. See you then.”

  “I won’t be here. I’m going home to-
morrow.”

  With that announcement, she dropped
the receiver in its cradle. She did not
go back to bed until her clothes were
flung into a bag and she had called the
station about a train. There was one at
ten the next morning.

  There was gloom for breakfast because
Genie was leaving. Tommy cried when
he was told and after breakfast Genie
took him on her lap and read him a
story, and then another, and then an-
other.

  When it was time for her to dress,
Sarah came in and sat on the edge of
the bed. “I shouldn’t beg you to stay,”
she said. “But oh, Genie, please don’t
go.”

  “I must,” Genie said. “I’ll be back
next month. Or sooner, if you need me.”
“I suppose we’ll be moving back to the
tourist cabin soon,” Sarah said slowly,
her eyes clouded with hurt. “I’m afraid
they’re going to run us out of here.”

  Genie turned sharply. “What do you
mean?”

  “The janitor told me this morning that
Mrs. Stone has called a meeting of all
the tenants in the building for seven-
thirty tonight in her apartment. A—a
sort of indignation meeting.”

  “Why, why,” Genie sputtered, “She
can’t do that to us!”

  “It seems,” Sarah went on unhappily,
“that all the tenants are raging because
Mr. Henderson leased B-l to a couple with
a small child and a stork hovering.”

  “I can’t believe,” Genie ejaculated,
“that every tenant in this building would
go into a rage over a thing like that. I
just can’t believe it.” She dropped her
NO ROMANCE FOR GENIE

79

hat on the bed, stripped off her suit and
hung it away in the closet. “I’m staying.”
she announced grimly. “I wouldn’t miss
that indignation meeting for anything."
“But we’re—you’re not invited.”
“Then I’ll crash it. Have you told
T om ? ’'

  “No. He’s got enough on his mind
as is. Besides, I’m afraid lie’ll send me
home, and I don't want to leave him. I
want to be with him, no matter where
we have to live.”

  “You love that guy an awful lot.”
“Yes,” Sarah said softly, lifting shin-
ing eyes. “Enough to live in that tourist
cabin and like it, if I have to.”

  “Don’t you worry,” Genie said. “Tom
won’t send you home, and the Belle-
point tenants won’t throw you out either.
Just leave it to me.”

rT,HE telephone did not ring at all that
day. but Peter rapped on the door
promptly at six-thirty. Genie received
him coolly.

  “Oh,” he greeted her lightly. “I thought
you were going home today.”

 “Changed my mind.” she replied
shortly.

  “I knew you were a girl of your word.”
His eyes approved of her in the blue
gaberdine. “Where would you like to
go for dinner?”

  “I’m not eating dinner tonight.”

  “Oh. yes you are. You owe me two
dinners. Genie. I thought we could eat
one of them now and the other at mid-
night. I’m going away myself tomorrow
—remember?”

  “I don’t owe you anything,” Genie
said. “If you can break one dinner en-
gagement, so can I.”

  “The deal was simply that you were
to eat four dinners with me. The score
is now, two down and two to go. I saved
two of them for tonight because—well,
because this is my last . . . .”

  “That's a very pallid excuse,” Genie
exclaimed. “Not,” she added hastily,
“that I care what you did last night.”
“I’m going to tell you about last night
after dinner.” He took hold of her arm.
“Come on, Genie-with-the-light-brown-
hair, give me a smile. I have a wonder-
ful restaurant where they serve marvelous
steaks.”

  She shook him off. “I’m not interested.
I've got to go to an indignation meeting
at seven-thirty.”’

  “An indignation meeting?”

  “Yes. Your tenants are meeting in
Mrs. Stone’s apartment at seven-thirty
to discuss ways and means of ousting
Lieutenant and Mrs. Garden, Tommy
and stork. They're probably planning to
work up a petition to present to you be-
fore you leave town, a petition or an
ultimatum, or something.”

  “In that case.” Peter frowned, “I’ve
got to go to an indignation myself. You
let me handle this, Genie. It isn’t neces-
sary for you to fight my battles. Besides,
there’s more to this than meets the eye.”
“It's my battle.” Genie persisted, “be-
cause I persuaded you to break your
apartment rules. You let me handle it.
You and Tom have far bigger battles to
fight, i can take care of this little one
myself.”

  “I don’t doubt it. Nevertheless, I
want to handle it. I—I have a reason,
Genie. You see, it isn’t really the tenants
who are angry. They’re just following
the leader, Mrs. Stone, and—Edna.”
“Edna?”

  “Mrs. Stone’s daughter.”

  “Why are they so angry?”

  “They’re out for revenge,” Peter ad-
mitted. “because you—because we—be-
cause I said goody-by to Edna last night
without asking her to marry me, or wait
for me, or anything. Apparently they
think I’m—Don't laugh !—an excellent
catch. Or did.”

  She lifted puzzled eyes. “But what
lias that got to do . .

  “I’m coming to that. It's because of—
Edna,” he confessed reluctantly, “that I
asked you to dine with me every night
this week. As a safety measure. To keep
me from tumbling. You see, Edna’s
rather persistent, and she had me going.
When you marched into my office Mon-
day afternoon I was trying to figure a
way out. I didn’t want to go off to war
with a bride slung over my shoulder
instead of a gun. Nor did I want to
leave a bride weeping at home. I wanted
to be free and unencumbered, with no
housing problem, no emotional respon-
sibilities, no desperate partings.”

  Genie drew a sharp breath. “So Mrs.
80

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

Stone and Edna are really striking at me
—not at the Gardens.”

  "They’re striking at you and me,”
Peter admitted.

  “Then of course I’ve got to be there,”
Genie said, “to strike back. Not for my-
self, you understand, but for Sarah.”
“You’re sweet and I love you,” Peter
said.

  Genie’s eyes sparkled angrily. “Don’t
say things like that to me,” she said. “We
understand each other perfectly now. You
used me—”

  Peter glanced at his watch. “It’s time
for the indignation meeting,” he said. “We
can have one of our own later. I’ll be
back.” The door closed behind him.

  Genie waited fifteen minutes, then
marched down the hall and rapped sharp-
ly on the door of the Stone apartment.

  It opened quickly, and Edna stared
at her through narrowed gray-green eyes.
“What do you want, Miss Craig?”

  “I understand there’s a meeting going
on here that concerns Apartment B-l,”
Genie said. "I’m the official family repre-
sentative. Do you mind?” She brushed
past Edna and stood inside the room
looking around.

  There were a half dozen men and about
a dozen women in the room. Peter was
leaning against the window, his arms
folded, a pipe between his teeth. Mrs.
Stone was making a speech.

  “We have leases which state clearly,"
she was saying, “that no apartment in
this building shall be rented to a couple
with minor children. Mr. Henderson has
deliberately gone over my head in this
matter. He has broken his pledge to all
of us. I feel that we owe it to ourselves
to protect our rights.” She faced Peter
dramatically. “Mr. Henderson., unless
you remove this family from our midst,
we will institute suit for breach of con-
tract.”

  An elderly, sweet-faced lady arose. “I'd
like to suggest, Mrs. Stone, that Peter
simply make an adjustment in the rents.
We were paying extra for peace and
quiet. Undoubtedly we will now have a
daily ration of shouts and cries and such.
With our income taxes running so high,
it might be wise for us to endure a child
or two for the economy of reduced rent.”
Genie moved forward and said em-

phatically, “I’d like to point out ...”

  But before she could point out anything.
Mrs. Stone broke in sharply. “I don’t
think there is anything you could say
that would be of interest to us, Miss
Craig.”

  “But I insist,” Genie said. “You
see—”

  “Yes, we see,” Edna heckled. “We see
that you’re intruding into our affairs.
Please go before I—”

  “This is ridiculous,” Genie began, but
Peter calmly stepped forward and took
over.

  “Sit down, Genie. It’s my turn to make
a speech.” He cleared his throat. "Ladies
and gentlemen. I want to inform you that
Mrs. Stone is no longer the resident man-
ager of the Bellepoint. She is dismissed,
as of this moment. Her lease is up on
May 1, and after that she will no longer
live here.”

  Mrs. Stone clicked her teeth sharply
and Edna muttered something under her
breath.

  “Now that that's settled,” Peter con-
tinued, “I want to discuss Mrs. Deering’s
suggestion. It is disillusioning and dis-
turbing to discover that a kindly person
such as Mrs. Deering is reacting from one
viewpoint only—her own. These are not
normal times, Mrs. Deering. Wc are in a
war. An Air Depot is being built near us,
and officers have been sent here to super-
vise its construction and organization.
They have families who want to be with
them. It is up to us to help them find
places to live, make them comfortable.
Rather than fight to oust them, or merely
endure them, we should welcome than
with open arms, children, dogs, stork and
all. Our rule against children must be
scrapped for the duration.

  “That was the way I reasoned when 1
rented Apartment B-l to Lieutenant and
Mrs. Garden. ‘What would this country
be like fifty years from now?’ I asked
myself, ‘if every property owner made a
similar rule against children ?’ Think that
over calmly. What kind of people are we,
anyway, that we set ourselves off in a
lovely, quiet spot, and howl just because
we are going to hear a little boy shouting,
or perhaps a baby’s cries? Aren’t we be-
having like—like ostriches? I tell you,
we’ve got to take our heads out of the
NO ROMANCE FOR GENIE

81

sand and start behaving the way human
beings should.

  “Sue me for breach of contract, if you
will. But I don’t think you will.” He sat
down abruptly and everybody cheered ex-
cept Mrs. Stone and Edna.

THE applause covered Genie’s depart-
ure. She sped down the hall and out
the side entrance into the cool of the
night. Her throat hurt and for the first
time in her life she wanted to cry. She
suddenly felt sorry for Edna, and sorry
for herself.

  She felt a sudden overwhelming sorrow
for any girl who was enough of a marsh-
mallow to fall in love in nineteen hundred
forty-three.

  “I ought to hate him.” she told herself.
“He used me to get rid of her. and now
he is going away. I might never see him
again. I ought to hate him. and I’m going
to!”

  “Hey Genie,” a voice called behind her,
“wait for me!”

  She began running. But lie caught up
with her quickly, and his hands closed
over her arm. “What’s the big idea—
running from me? How did you like my
speech? I took the words right out of
your mouth, didn't I? It worked, Genie.

I left them arguing about who was to call
on your sister first. Now, we can go eat
those two dinners you owe me now that
everything is okay.”

  She was breathing hard. “I’m still not
hungry.”

  “Neither am I.” With rough fingers
he drew her closer. “I've got too much on
my mind. Such as—whether or not you’re
going to face it squarely, the way I’m
doing,” he said with a determined look on
his face.

  “Face what?”

  “Us. Love. Marriage. Kids. Dogs.
The whole works, Genie, in spite of the
war, in spite of the harsh, undeniable fact
that I’m leaving for camp tomorrow.”
She looked up then, startled, and he
kissed her. “But—but, you said you didn't
want ...”

  “Makes no difference what I said I
didn’t want.” He kissed her again.
“Makes no difference what you said you
didn’t want either. I'm sunk, Genie. I’ve
got to have you near me, as long as I’m
training. It won’t be easy. But you know
that. Do you mind?”

  Genie drew a long breath. Her eyes
began to shine in the darkness. “I’m sunk,
too,” she said softly. “And I—I actually
felt sorry for Sarah ! ”

Getting Up Nights Makes
Many Feel Old Too Soon

  If you're feeling out o'sorts, Get Up Nights or suffer
from Burning Passages. Backache, Swollen Ankles, Nerv-
ousness, Rheumatic Pains, Dizziness, Circles Under Eyes
and feel worn-out, the eause may be non-organic and non-
systemic Kidney and Bladder troubles.

  Worry. Colds, working too hard, or over-eating or
drinking may create an excess of Acids and overload your
Kidneys so that they need help to flush out poisonous
wastes that might otherwise undermine your health.

 Help Kidneys Remove Acids

  Nature provides the Kidneys to clean and purify your
blood and to remove excess Acids. The Kidneys contain
about nine million tiny tubes or filters through which the
heart pumps blood about 200 times an hour, night and
day. 80 it’s easy to see that they may get tired and slow
down when overloaded.

  Fourteen years ago a practicing physician's prescription
called Cystex was made available to the public through
drug stores, making it easy and inexpensive to help thou-
sands suffering from non-organic and non-systemio Kidney
and Bladder troubles in these three simple ways: I. Help
the Kidneys remove excess acids which may become poi-
soning and irritating. 2. To palliate burning and smart-
ing o< the urinary passages, and bladder irritation, L Help

the Kidneys flush out wastes which may become poisonous
if allowed to accumulate, thus aiding nature in stimulat-
ing an increase of energy, which may easily make you feel
yeftrs younger.

Guaranteed Trial Offer

  Usually, in non-organic and non-systemic Kidney and
Bladder disorders the very first dose of Cystex goes right
to work helping the Kidneys flush out excess Acids, poi-
sons and wastes. And this cleansing, purifying Kidney
action, in just a day or so. may easily make you feel
younger, stronger and better than in years. An iron clad
guarantee insures an immediate refund of all your money
unless you are completely satisfied. Get Cystex from your
druggist today for only 35c.

  Adtbpb's Note : Cystex it produced -under the direction of
a licensed physician lor The Knoz Co., one of the largest
drug companies in the world with laboratory tonnections in
the U.S.A., Canada, England, Aus-
tralia and South America. The guar-
antee of money back unless satisfied
is enforced 100% iM^Now 35c-75<-$l .50
and is a depend-
able farm of as-
surance to ail
of Cy.Ua.

Lystex
cjCovelu oCittle cHi

.oi/eiif

By TUCAR De PASS

iar

Deception is the one thing a man hates in the woman he
loves. But in order to live up to the role Bing had created
for her, Ann had to keep her identity a secret.

ANN CREIGHTON slipped her
old camel hair coat on over the
simple leaf-brown jersey, picked
up her purse, and ran down the three
flights from her one-room walk-up. It
w'as two o'clock in the morning, but she
was simply too excited to sleep.

  “And what girl wouldn’t be,” she said
to herself, as she reached the street, “with
a crisp pink check for fifty-thousand dol-
lars in her purse!”

  The check was for movie rights to Fair
Tomorrow, her very first book! She had
been excited enough when the manuscript
was accepted for publication, and more
so as it climbed steadily to the top of the
best seller lists, but a sale to the movies
was something she had to pinch herself
to believe. She had been in a daze ever
since her publisher handed her the check
that afternoon.

  Now, she felt a little as though she
were floating, instead of walking down the
deserted street. The bitter February wind
whipped the short brown curls back from
her face, but she scarcely felt it. Opposite
a book store window, she paused a mo-
ment to glance at the display in the eerie
reflection cast by the dimmed-out street
lamp. Yes, Fair Tomorrow was featured
prominently.

  “Fair Tomorrow, by Lucinda Lowry,”
Ann real aloud, pressing her small, pert
nose to the cold glass. “Lucinda Lowry,”
she repeated and giggled. Such a silly
name! Why on earth hadn’t she used
Ann Creighton?

 She turned from the window and
strolled on, knowing quite well why she
had chosen a pen name. She had been
so sure the book was no good—

  The girls she had known at boarding
82

school would be amazed to know that Lu-
cinda Lowry was quiet, shy little Ann
Creighton. The four years at fashionable
Beverly Hall were a nightmare in Ann’s
mind. She had gone there on a scholar-
ship made possible by an influential friend
of her dead parents. Ann had been an
orphan for longer than she cared to re-
member. Her father had been a country
doctor whose legacy was a collection of
unpaid bills.

  Some of the girls had been sweet and
kind to Ann, but there had been a few
who were cruel as only girls of that age
can be to one another. There was Mar-
cella Drayton, for instance, who had
roomed with \nn for one year and con-
stantly flaunted her lovely clothes in Ann’s
face. The thoughts of Marcella always
rankled.

  Ann reached the corner, and without
pausing, turned and stepped off the curb.

  She stepped straight in front of a car
I hat was almost <»r before sh^ saw it.
Desperately, she flung herself back as,
brakes screeching, the car swerved. But
she knew even before the fender hit her
that she Could not possibly escape. She
had the sensation of being lifted bodily
and flung through the air before landing
in a crumpled heap in the gutter. Her
head struck the curb and neon-lights ex-
ploded in her brain.

VV/’HEN she opened her eyes, a red-
” headed young man was kneeling be-
side her, vigorously chafing her wrists.
As though I’d simply fainted! Ann
thought indignantly. Abruptly, he leaned
forward and saw that her eyes were open.

  He let out a long ragged breath, then
practically shouted, “if you wanted to
Her eyes wandered over the crowd,
and suddenly she gave a strangled
gasp. What was Bing doing at a
literary cocktail party!
84

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

commit suicide, why didn’t you go jump
off the bridge instead of stepping in front
of my car!”

  “Suicide!” Ann sat up with a jerk,
completely forgetting that a moment be-
fore she had strongly suspected that every
bone in her body was broken. “I wasn’t
trying to kill myself, you fool!”

  He shrugged impatiently. “Oh, of
course not! You just get your setting-up
exercise by stepping out in front of speed-
ing cars. Here—” he put his hands be-
neath her elbows—“let’s see if you can
stand up.”

  Ann practically bounced to her feet,
jerking herself away from him. She tilted
her chin, and glared at him. “I’m quite
all right,” she said coldly. “Please don’t
let me delay you any longer.” He had
the broadest shoulders and the reddest
hair she had ever seen—and the most
stubborn chin. What was the use of try-
ing to explain to that sort of a chin that
the whole thing had been an accident?
Unaccountably, her lips suddenly began
to tremble, and two large tears coursed
down her cheeks.

  The young man’s blue eyes drifted from
her bare head down the length of her
shabby,, last year’s coat, and came back
to rest on the worn leather purse she still
clutched. “You poor kid,” he said softly,
taking her arm. “You don’t think I’d go
off and leave you feeling like this, do
you? No, siree, but Bing Layton! Rescu-
ing damsels in distress is one of the things
I do best. Now, just come along with me
and we’ll go over to that all night restau-
rant there and get some food into that
empty little tummy of yours. You have
no idea what a difference that will make.”
As he talked he was propelling her rapid-
ly across the street.

  “But I’m not hungry!” Ann exclaimed.
“I mean, that is—I’m not starving.” For
abruptly she realized that she was hungry.
She had been far too excited to eat any
dinner, and lunch had been one sandwich
and a glass of milk. With a smothered
little laugh she relaxed and let him lead
her on into the restaurant. After all, he
owed her a meal for being so rude to her.

  Without consulting her, he ordered
soup, French fried potatoes and steak.
“And coffee right away,” he finished.

  The bossy type, Ann decided.

  “And now,” he leaned back in his
chair and smiled at her, a slow, lazy smile
that lifted one corner of his mouth higher
than the other, “before we go any farther,
I think you’d better tell me the one thing
I don’t know about you—your name.”
“I’m Ann Creighton,” Ann lifted her
winged, dark brows, “but it’s most cer-
tainly not the one thing you don’t know
about me!”

  He chuckled. “I’m a reporter, and it’s
my business to know things. You’re—”
he paused and studied her for a moment.
“You’re about twenty-two or three, and
you're out of a job—or more likely never
had one. You came to the big city with
high hopes of making a name for your-
self, and when you failed you couldn’t
bear to go back to the home town and ad-
mit defeat. When you’d spent your last
two-bits—for coffee and doughnuts yes-
terday morning, probably—you decided
there was only one thing to do.”

  Ann’s eyes rested on her purse, and
she had to fight back a desire to burst into
hysterical laughter. What would Mr.
Bing Layton do, she wondered, if she
suddenly opened that purse and flashed
a fifty-thousand dollar check in his face!
It was almost too much of a temptation to
resist, but she was beginning to enjoy this
absurd situation, so she merely smiled at
him and murmured, “That’s awfully
clever of you, Mr. Layton.”

  “Bing,” he said absently. “Nobody
ever calls me Mr. Layton.” The waiter
set down two cups of coffee, and Bing
pushed the sugar bowl toward her.
‘'We’ve got to find a job for you,” he said
thoughtfully. “Now, just what can you
do?”

  “Well—” Ann’s thick lashes fluttered
down over her gold-flecked brown eyes,
“I always thought I’d like to write.”

  To her surprise Bing Layton snapped
his fingers. “Of course, why didn’t I
think of it before! One of our copy-girls
left last week to join the WAAC’s. Your
saying ‘write’ reminded me of it. I’m sure
I can get that job for you. Of course,”
he added, grinning, “you won’t do much
writing, but at least you’ll eat regularly.”

SO that’s how Ann Creighton, with
fifty thousand dollars in the bank, and
royalties from Fair Tomorrovj piling up
LOVELY LITTLE LIAR

85

daily, came to go to work as a copy girl
on the Morning Clarion. She hadn’t had
the least intention of doing any such
thing; in fact, she had fully intended to
tell Bing Layton all about herself before
they parted that night. But he had been
so boyishly pleased over what he termed
“his good deed for the day,” that she
hadn’t had the heart to disillusion him.
Not just then, anyway.

  He left her at her apartment, with a
blithe, “Don’t worry about your back
rent, now; I’ll see that you get an ad-
vance first thing in the morning so you
can take care of it.”

  But she had every intention of writing
him a note in the morning, explaining the
situation.

  She awoke at sunrise, feeling oddly ex-
cited, and decided abruptly that she would
take the job after all. It might be an in-
teresting experience, and, as an author,
she needed all the experience she could
get. didn’t she? Besides, she had been
trying for weeks to get started on a new
book, and so far hadn’t written a word.
Working in a big newspaper office might
suggest some idea for a plot.

  But when she had put on a trim little
beige suit, with a lettuce green blouse and
a perky green hat pulled down on her
curls, she looked in the mirror and made
a little face at her reflection. “Shame on
you, Ann Creighton,” she said aloud,
“you know perfectly well why you’re do-
ing this. You want to see Bing Layton
again, and you’re afraid if you tell him the
truth he’ll feel so ridiculous over the mis-
take he made last night that he’ll never
want to see you again.”

  Of course, she would have to tell him
sometime, but, perhaps, when he got to
know her — and like her — maybe he
wouldn’t mind.

  But two weeks passed and still she
hadn't told Bing, and certainly it wasn’t
because he didn’t like her. As for Ann,
from almost the moment she saw him
again that first morning, she had known
she was in love with him. And she had
always believed so fervently that love
should be based on long friendship and
mutual likes and dislikes! How could
she have fallen in love with a man about
whom she knew next to nothing? That
was what she thought that first day—

  But after two weeeks of lunching with
Bing every day and going out with him
every evening, the trouble was that she
knew too much about him. He didn’t like
career girls, so how could she tell him
that she was one? He definitely disap-
proved of a poor man marrying a rich
girl, so how could she tell him she was
getting richer every day, when his own
salary was a mere forty-five a week ? And,
worst of all, one day when she mentioned
Fair Tomorrow, just to see what he would
say, he exploded. “That cloying, ado-
lescent melo-drama!” So how could she
possibly tell him she had written it?

  If he falls in love with me—and, please,
God, let him!—I’ll tell him then, she fi-
nally decided.

  And, almost as though God had heard
that little prayer and answered it prompt-
ly, it was that very night Bing told her
he loved her!

  Driving home from a late movie Bing
stopped the car abruptly at the corner
where he had run into her that night.

  “What gives?” Ann asked, with a puz-
zled glance.

  He slipped an arm about her shoulders,
and drew her close, tilting her chin with
one hand. “I’ve a sentimental attachment
for this spot,” he said softly. “Shall I
tell you why?”

  She nodded, her heart suddenly pound-
ing.

  “Because right here is where I first
saw the girl I love, the girl I hope to
make my wife.” His eyes held hers for a
moment, then he added, “Will you,
Ann?”

  “Of course,” Ann told him simply.

  And then she was crushed in his arms,
his lips hard against hers, their hearts
pounding in unison, and there was no
reality except this miracle that had hap-
pened. Bing loved her and was asking her
to marry him!

  Slowdy, reluctantly, their lips parted
finally, as though neither of them wanted
that kiss to end. Rubbing his cheek
against her tumbled curls, he said huskily,
“For years I’ve dreamed of finding a girl
like you, my Ann. Sweet and little and
cuddly, the kind of girl who needs a man
to take care of her. Smart, yes, but not
too smart—an old-fashioned girl, who
wants nothing more from life than to
86

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

make a home for the man she loves.”
Oh, dear, Ann thought miserably, I’m
really not at all like that! “Do—do you
think it’s really so important, what two
people are like, as long as they truly love
each other?” she asked in a muffled little
voice.

  “Of course it’s important,” Bing
chuckled. “Oh, I’ll grant you that a man
might fall in love with a girl who didn’t
fit his ideas of what he wanted in a wife,
but he’d be a fool to marry her. A mar-
riage like that is jinxed before it starts.
Take me for instance. There was a time
—before I met you, of course—when I
might have fallen in love with a girl
named Marcella Drayton. She’s a darn
attractive girl, but I just wouldn’t let my-
self, because I knew we’d never make a
success of marriage. Her dad owns the
Morning Clarion, you know, and, of
course, he’s a millionaire a couple of times
over—”

  “Marcella Drayton!” Ann sat up.
“Why, I—” She stopped abruptly. She
had almost said, “Why I went to Beverly
Hall with Marcella,” and that would
never have done, since it certainly
wouldn’t fit into the background Bing had
manufactured for her. Instead she fin-
ished hastily, “I've often seen her picture
in the papers. She is lovely, Bing.”
Coward, she told herself scathingly,
why didn’t you admit you went to school
with Marcella, and use that as an open-
ing to tell him the whole thing? She
simply had to tell him, but when and how
she was ever going to do it, she couldn’t
imagine.

THE next morning, before she left for
the office, her publisher called and told
her he was giving a cocktail party for
some of their authors.

  “In the Green Room of the Hotel Roth-
moor,” he told her, “and as it will be
given quite a bit of publicity, Superb Pic-
tures Eastern representative insists that
you attend. They’ll have photographers
there for some still shots to be used in
the advance publicity of the picture.”

  So it’s come, Ann thought, replacing
the phone with a none too steady hand.
I’ll have to tell him today, before that
story breaks in the papers—

  But Bing had already gone out on an

assignment when she arrived at the of-
fice, and by lunch time he hadn’t re-
turned. Ann could scarcely get her work
done for watching the door, praying for
him to come so that she could get the
ordeal over. When, a little after four, she
heard the clang of the elevator door and
rapid footsteps in the hall, she was half
way across the big room before the door
opened.

  And then, with a little gasp, she stopped
quite still. For, instead of Bing, it was
Marcella Drayton walking straight toward
her, in a trim, black tailored suit, blue
fox furs swinging from her shoulders, a
black turban, with a wisp of veil, on her
sculptured blonde curls. Ann saw that
much before she turned and fled for the
tiny cubbyhole of a rest room.

  But she had scarcely closed the door
of the little room before it opened again,
and Marcella stood there staring at her.
“Why, Ann Creighton!” she exclaimed.
“What on earth are you doing here in the
Clarion office? And why were you try-
ing to avoid me?”

  “Hello, Marcella,” Ann said weakly.
“I—I was hoping you hadn’t recognized
me.”

  “For heaven’s sake, why not?” Mar-
cella’s thin brows rose.

  Ann’s mind whirled, but she could think
of only one thing to do: Take Marcella
into her confidence and ask her to keep
her secret until she had had a chance to
explain to Bing.

  “Well, you see, it’s like this,” she be-
gan. “I work here as a copy girl, but
it’s just a sort of gag—I mean I don’t
really need the job. I—I just took it to
collect material for my next book. It’s
going to be a romance with a newspaper
background. Handsome young reporter
hero—you know the sort of thing?”

  “Your next book?” Marcella broke in
in a puzzled voice.

  “Yes, you see, I—I’m Lucinda Low-
ry,” Ann stammered.

  “Well, I’ll be damned,” Marcella said.
Then her china-blue eyes narrowed. “But
I still don’t see why you have to be so
mysterious about it. Even if you are a
successful novelist, there’s no reason why
you shouldn’t work as a copy girl if you
want to. Come on, Ann, give! There
must be more than that to it.”
LOVELY LITTLE LIAR

87

  Oh, dear, Ann thought, I didn’t want
to have to tell her about Bing, but I sup-
pose there’s nothing else for it. “Well,
there is a little more to it,” she admitted,
somehow managing to keep her voice
light. “I—I’m in love with a man who
works on the paper, and I haven’t told
him about myself yet. Of course, I’ve
always intended to—in fact, I'd already
decided to tell him this very afternoon,
as soon as he gets back to the office.”
She laughed lightly. “So you’ll keep my
little secret, won’t you, darling? It would
be too awful if he learned the truth from
someone else, you can see that.”

  Marcella nodded. She took a cigarette
from her bag, and tapped it thoughtfully
on a lacquered red nail. “Handsome
young reporter,” she murmured. “It
wouldn’t be Bing Layton, this man of
yours, would it, Ann?”

  “Yes, it’s Bing,” Ann admitted re-
luctantly, remembering abruptly what Bill
had told her last night, that there had
been a time when he might have fallen
in love with Marcella. That, of course,
meant that Marcella must know Bing
rather well, might even — oh awful
thought!—be in love with him herself.
“Of course, I know it won’t make the
slightest difference to Bing that I happen
to be a successful novelist,” she added
firmly, and wished she felt as sure as she
sounded.

  “Oh, of course not,” Marcella said
sweetly. “Well, be sure to let me know
when the new book comes out, Ann. I
loved Fair Tomorrow.” And with a gay
little wave of her hand, she was gone.

  With a sigh of relief, Ann went back
to work, and it wasn’t until half an hour
later she suddenly remembered that Mar-
cella had never actually promised to keep
her secret. But she shrugged the thought
impatiently away. Even Marcella wouldn’t
be cruel enough to deliberately give her
away to Bing before she had a chance to
talk to him. And surely, he would be here
any moment now.

BUT five o’clock came, and then six,
and no Bing.

  Darn that cocktail party anyway, Ann
thought, as she jerked on her hat and
hurried out to the elevator. But she had
promised, so she supposed she’d have to

go. Thank heaven, the account of the
party couldn’t possible make the evening
papers, and she still could tell Bing to-
night.

  An hour later, wearing a new blue vel-
veteen cocktail suit, and a foolish little
hat fashioned entirely of violets, she was
in the Green Room of the Hotel Roth-
moor. Impatient for the party to be over,
so that she could leave and phone Bing
to meet her some place, she was scarcely
listening to the chatter of another lady
novelist who had cornered her. Idly, her
eyes wandered over the crowd, and sud-
denly she gave a strangled gasp. Leaving
her companion stranded in the middle of
a long description of her current heroine,
she turned on her heels and began shov-
ing her way through the crowd.

  What was Bing doing here at a literary
cocktail party! Of course, all the papers
were represented, but by their society
editors, not reporters. She was almost
gasping for breath, and her hat had been
knocked down over one eye, by the time
she reached the first exit. She had no idea
where that door led, but without a mo-
ment’s hesitation, she turned the knob.
She simply had to get away before Bing
saw her!

  The door opened on a small writing
room, and she paused for a moment to
catch her breath before trying to find her
way out. And then, to her dismay, the
door flung open and slammed shut all
in one motion, and there was Bing with
his back against it. His blue eyes were
practically shooting sparks, and, to Ann,
it seemed that his crisp red hair flamed
brighter than usual with his anger.

 “What’s the hurry, Miss Lucinda
Lowry?” he asked, with a tight-lipped
smile. “You wouldn't want to leave be-
fore I had a chance to say thanks for
the ride, would you?”

  “Bing, please—” Ann's voice broke.

  “Oh, you needn't feel so badly about
it! After all, it was quite a unique experi-
ence for me. I don’t believe I've ever
before played the part of a guinea pig. I
suppose I really should feel rather flat-
tered, being chosen as the hero of Lucinda
Lowry’s next best seller. Handsome
young reporter, I believe was the way
Marcella says you described me.” He
laughed mirthlessly. “Pleitse dbri’t forget
88

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

that I have thick, curly eyelashes, and—”
he paused and let his eyes rest insolently
on her lips for a moment, “and that my
kisses pack a special brand of dynamite
that leaves even a cold-blooded lady nov-
elist a trifle breathless.”

  Fury swept Ann from head to foot.
She didn’t know whether that fury was
directed against Marcella for twisting her
report of the conversation so cruelly, or
against Bing for believing Marcella with-
out giving her a chance to explain.

  She jerked her chin up defiantly, and
the little violet hat slipped down com-
pletely over one eye. She put her hands
on her hips and glared at Bing from the
other eye. “I shall devote an entire para-
graph to your entrancing eyelashes, and
possibly two to the quality of your kisses,”
she told him, “but it will undoubtedly take
me several pages to do justice to that
stubborn chin of yours, and to make it
quite clear that you haven’t the slightest
sense of humor!”

  “Humor!” Bing snapped. “I don’t
happen to find this even remotely amus-
ing, do you?”

  Ann wilted. With a tired gesture, she
brushed the little hat to the back of her
head. “No,” she said simply, “as it hap-
pens, I don’t. Bing, please, listen—”

  But Bing was no longer there to lis-
ten ; he had jerked the door open, and
slammed it good and hard behind him
as he went out.

A NN never knew how she managed
to live through those next weeks.
Only one idea consumed her—to see Bing
and make him understand that she really
loved him, that Marcella had deliberately
twisted her words to give him the impres-
sion she had been using him only as story
material. Over and over she called the
office and his apartment, only to be told
each time that “Mr. Layton is not in just
now.” Finally, with no pride left, she
decided that she would go to the Clarion
office and force Bing to talk to her. She
didn’t know just how she was going to
manage it, but manage it she would. Once
face to face with him, she would talk so
fast that he wouldn't have a chance to get
away before she had had her say.

  She dressed carefully for that inter-
view, feeling that it wras important to look

her prettiest. No use now keeping up the
pretense that she had practically no
clothes. She put on a soft, gold wool
frock that accented the yellow flecks in
her brown eyes, and a matching gold
wool turban with a six inch swirl on top.
Over the yellow dress she slung a leopard
coat. There! She nodded admiringly at
her reflection. Even Marcella, with that
half a million dollars her grandmother
had left her, couldn’t look any smarter!

  All the way down town in the taxi,
she kept wishing she hadn’t thought of
Marcella today. Ever since that horrible
scene with Bing, she had been trying to
forget what he had told her the night he
asked her to marry him—that once he
might have fallen in love with Marcella.
Desperately, she wanted to believe it was
only injured pride that was keeping Bing
from her, that Marcella herself had noth-
ing to do with it. Of course, there had
been that picture in last night’s paper, of
a gay party at the Glass Slipper; the man
on Marcella’s right, even though his head
was partly turned, had certainly looked a
little like Bing. And a day or two before,
there had been an item in one of the gos-
sip columns.

    Maybe gentlemen prefer blondes, but we
  know a certain luscious blonde who definite-
  ly prefers redheads these days!

  You’re being perfectly silly, Ann told
herself firmly, as she walked briskly
across the lobby of the office building and
punched the elevator button. New York
is full of blondes and redheads!

  But a few minutes later, as she stepped
from the elevator to the corridor of ..he
fifth floor, she knew with a sick certainty
that that item had referred to Bing and
Marcella. For there they were, Marcella
clinging with unmistakable possessiveness
to Bing’s arm, and Bing smiling down at
her.

  “Ann!” Marcella squealed delightedly.
“I'm so glad we bumped into you—
There’s no one I’d rather be the first to
hear our news. Bing and I are engaged
—we’re just come from telling Dad!”
I’ll bet there’s no one you’d rather tell
than me, Ann thought bitterly, while from
somewhere she conjured up a bright smile.
“How perfectly lovely,” she murmured,
and couldn’t resist adding, “Now I won’t
LOVELY LITTLE LIAR

89

have to bother to think up an ending for
my book. Quote. Love conquers all, even
the scruples of our idealistic hero. In
spite of the fact that he has always be-
lieved the marriage of a wealthy girl and
a comparitively poor man would be
doomed to failure, he—”

  “You’ll have to change that ending a
little, I’m afraid,” Bing cut in stiffly. "I
still have my scruples, as you so charm-
ingly describe them, but it just happens
that Marcella agrees with them—a fact I
neglected to find out until just recently.
So, naturally, her allowance will stop
when we are married, and she has prom-
ised never to accept another penny from
her father.”

  “How sweet and generous of you, dar-
ling!” Ann glanced swiftly at Marcella.
No wonder she was biting her lip nerv-
ously ! Evidently, she hadn't bothered to
tell Bing about that half million her grand-
mother had left her in her own name.
Well, this was certainly no time to pull
any punches.

  “I suppose,” she said thoughtfully,
“that you’ll donate your own fortune to
some charity or other, Marcella?”

  “My fortune?” Marcella actually man-
aged to sound utterly bewildered. “Oh,
I suppose you mean those few thousands
grandmother left me, that I used to brag
about to you girls at Beverly.” She
laughed and pouted up at Bing. “Darling,
I completely forgot that! But it isn’t im-
portant; we can decide after we’re mar-
ried what to do about the silly thing.”

  “I don’t suppose it seems much to
you,” Ann sighed, “but half a million
would sound like a fortune to most peo-
ple.”

  "Half a million!” Bing exploded.

BING looked uncertainly from one to
the other of them, but it was on
Ann’s face that his eyes finally rested.
“I think you’ve said quite enough,” he
told her, in a queer, tight voice. And he
swung Marcella around and marched stiff-
ly beside her down the corridor, toward
the Clarion offices.

  So it hadn't done any good, Ann
thought listlessly.

  Out on the sidewalk, she signaled im-
patiently to taxi after taxi, and when one

finally drew up at the curb, she stepped
swiftly in, and sank back against the seat,
closing her eyes as she gave her address.

  The taxi jerked forward, and, at the
same moment, someone sat down hard on
the seat beside her.

  Ann’s eyes flew open. Of all the nerve!
Then she gasped, for there sat Bing,
grinning that lop-sided grin at her, his red
hair in wild disorder, as though he had
run his hands many times through it as
he always did when excited or upset.

  “What—what are you doing here?”
In spite of her determination not to let
it, Ann’s voice shook a little.

  Bing shrugged his broad shoulders.
“Oh, I just decided that if I had to choose
between two lovely little liars—”

  Ann slapped him so hard her hand
stung. “I never lied to you—not really!”
she flared. “I—I tried to tell you the
truth that very first night—”

  “Shut up, you talk too much,” Bing
interrupted, gathering her into his arms.
“Look up here and let me give you one
of those special kisses of mine.”

  But when it was over, Ann said hesi-
tantly, “You know, nothing is really
changed, Bing. I’m still a successful nov-
elist with an awful lot of money in the
bank. Only—” she went on with a rush.
“I don’t care about the money. We'll just
give it away, or throw it in the river, or
burn it up—anything you say.”

  “I’ve a much better idea than any of
those.” Bing pulled her head down on his
shoulder. “We’ll just put it in War
Bonds for our grandchildren, and you and
I will live on my salary. I understand
Uncle Sam does pretty well by his cap-
tains.”

  “Captains—” Ann’s eyes flew to his
face.

  “I was sort of saving that for a sur-
prise for you,” he said. “My commission
just came through.”

  “Bother!” Ann wrinkled her nose at
him. “Now I'll have to change that story
of mine again: The hero will have to be
a captain in the Army instead of a re-
porter. But I’ll still let him have thick,
curly eyelashes—” a quick, hard kiss from
Bing interrupted her, then she added
mischievously, “and .kisses that pack a
special brand of dynamite!”

THE END
^Jhunbs .3or ^Jhi
      Ytfjemory

 -By RUTH HERBERT'

RUSTY was late and Chris made up
her mouth again and saw that her
hand was shaking. She was shak-
ing all over. She walked up and down the
living room, the skirt of her hostess gown
swirling around her slim ankles, as she
looked around to be sure that everything
was absolutely perfect. Lamps cast soft
golden pools of light, roses gleamed in
silver bowls. The stage was set and it was
past the hour for the play to begin, but
the red-headed leading man was late.

  “Why did I have to fall in love with
him?” she thought. “I was happy, until
I fell in love.”

  Happy, but not alive. She had never
felt the lump in her throat that she
couldn’t swallow or the almost unbearable
tenseness of body and mind, with every
nerve quiveringly alive.

  She hadn’t seen him for seven days.
And in the end she had had to call him
up and ask him to come tonight.

  Face it, Christy. You called him the
last time, too.

  If she had to fall in love, why couldn’t
it have been with some one who loved
her ? With one of the nice, eligible, ador-
ing young men who thought she was per-
fect, just as she was? Why pick on a
red-headed production engineer who was
always too tired to play and who looked
at her sometimes with a puzzled, waiting
sort of look in his blue eyes, a man who
had never even kissed her!

  Sometimes she thought she would die
if he didn’t kiss her. Sometimes she won-
dered what he would do if she were to
beg him to kiss her, just once. It would
have been a strange sensation for Christy
Carrington to beg for love—she who had
always been so popular and so proud.

  Her father came in. He looked tired;

90

 Chris stood there long
 enough to have her
 heart cut to ribbons.
Life to Chris ivas a stage setting for her beauty. But the
If leading man was missing—because Rusty wanted a girl who ^
could fit herself into the life of a country at war.

91
92

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

lie always looked very tired nowadays.

  “Hello. Kitten. You’re as pretty as all
get-out. Expecting somebody?”

  “Rusty.”

  He seemed about to say something, and
then he hesitated. “Well, have a good
time.” She noticed then that he had his
hat in his hand.

  “Dad! You’re not going back to the
office? I wanted to talk with you.”

  I wanted to ask you how to go about
making a man jail in love with me. I
wanted to ask you zvhat’s the matter with
me, zvhere I’ve jailed, that I can’t get the
only man who matters to me. You ought
to know—you’re a man.

  “Some other time, baby. I’m late now.”

 “But. Daddy—”

  He didn’t hear her. He didn’t see the
lost, forlorn look in her dark eyes, or the
way her red mouth drooped at the corners.
For the first time in her life, he was too
busy to bother with her.

  She went back to pacing up and down
the room. “Pretty as all get-out,” he had
said. But that was her father—he was
prejudiced. Would Rusty think she was
pretty ?

  Her hair was a shower of gold to slim,
straight shoulders. Her honey-tanned skin
and coral mouth were something to dream
about. But her most spectacular feature
were the velvet dark eyes which were such
a marked contrast to her blonde coloring.

  Would Rusty think she was pretty ? Her
cheeks felt on fire, but the palms of her
hands were cold and wet with anxiety, in
spite of the fact she looked like a medieval
princess in her green brocade hostess
gown.

  She heard the front door open and close,
and he was speaking to the maid.

  Then he was in the living room. “Hel-
lo, Christy. Sorry to be so late.”

  He looked so tired, so harassed. He
had been running his fingers through his
red hair until it stood up in flaming spikes.
His face was haggard, slashed by deep
lines at the corners of his wide, mobile
mouth. But his blue eyes blazed out from
his weary face.

  “That’s all right,” she said lightly. “It’s
a new experience to me to do the wait-
ing.”

  She had been trained to talk that way
■—men ate it up.

HE DROPPED down 011 the sofa. “We
finally got going on the new gadget
I was telling you about. It ought to step
up production about twenty per cent after
the girls 011 the assembly line get used to
us. But it’s not enough—it's not enough!”
His eyes were wild. Automatically his fin-
gers began to harry his hair again. “The
bottleneck is on the wiring line. If I could
figure out something—”

  She heard the eagerness in his deep
voice, eagerness that was not for her. She
saw the blue fires in his eyes, fires that
did not burn for her. He had not even
noticed the new hostess gown. She
watched the shape of his mouth, a mouth
that had never lain against her own.

  She had been brought up to believe that
a woman’s place was to soothe, to placate,
to entice. She must take Rusty’s mind off
his grueling day.

  “Rusty, darling, why don’t you forget
about the shop? Your work is over now,
until tomorrow, isn’t it?”

  He broke off in the middle of a sen-
tence about wiring.

  “Sorry, Chris. What a boor you must
think me. Let’s talk about something
pleasant.” But his eyes were no longer
011 fire.

  “Good,” Christy said. Her voice was
very gay, but she was watching his eyes
where the fires no longer burned, and
her heart was suddenly frightened. She
had never been afraid of boring a man
before. It had always been the other way
round. “What shall we talk about?”
“You. That’s the most pleasant topic
I know. What did you do all day?”
There seemed to be something more
than a casual interest as he asked that
question, and her heart began to beat
again.

  She had slept until noon and had gone
to a benefit luncheon for the Red Cross.
Then she had served for an hour at one
of the USO centers, after w'hich she had
served for another hour at an officers’
service club. She made a very amusing
story out of the lieutenant who didn’t want
to see any of the shows, but wanted to
get into the Museum of Natural History.

  So she told Rusty about her day, in a
light vein, with the husky little chuckle in
her golden voice that was so enchanting.
Christy was noted in her crowd for the
THANKS FOR THE MEMORY

93

way she told funny stories. She knew it
and was accustomed to hearing her friends
say, “There’s no one who can tell a story
like Chris.” Her dark eyes were bright
with amusement and her lovely mouth
tilted up at the corners. She made the
war sound like a tea party, and Rusty
laughed obligingly in all the right places.

  While she was talking a plane flew low
over the house, so low that the sound of
its motor filled the room. Rusty stopped
laughing and listened, his face suddenly
still, his eyes naked and revealing.

  "That was low, wasn’t it ?” Chris said,
casually.

  Although Rusty never discussed it, she
knew how he felt about not being in uni-
form. She realized it the day she had
taken Robert Graves, with his brand-new
wings down to see Rusty at his office.
Rusty had stopped work to say hello to
Bob, and Christy had said brightly,
“Doesn’t Bob look wonderful in that uni-
form? It makes me proud just to walk
down the street with him! ”

  Rusty had said, quietly, “It should
make you proud.”

  Bob had cut in then, rather quickly,
Christy thought, “When I tangle with the
Japs, I hope I’ve got one of Rusty’s planes
underneath me. Any chance fbr me to take
a look around the plant, Rusty?”

  While they were out Christy said to
Florence Miller, Rusty’s secretary,
"What's the matter with Rusty? Doesn’t
he feel well?”

  The other girl looked almost angry.
“Don’t you know how wild he is to get
into uniform—any uniform ? But he’s got
courage enough to stick it out where he’s
needed. But it’s breaking his heart. Surely
you know that.”

  Christy's throat seemed to close up and
her heart had cried out, “No, of course I
didn’t know. How could I? He never
talks to me.”

  But he had talked to Florence Miller!
Ever since that day Chris had wished
for an opportunity to tell him she didn’t
mind his not being in uniform; that she
loved him anyway. But Rusty had never
mentioned it. Only whenever he heard a
plane the muscles in his face tightened and
he seemed a thousand miles away.

  The plane passed over and she searched
for conversation. “Some flyers were in the

canteen today—they looked like babies,
simply like infants!” And that was the
wrong thing to say, too.

  Rusty said, “Yes, they like ’em young,”
and his face was too completely expres-
sionless to be real.

SHE remembered a new joke that was
going the rounds and as she told it
Rusty smiled and the far-away look went
out of his face.

  Then the maid came in and said there
was a Miss Miller to see Mr. Heath. In-
stantly Rusty was on his feet.

  Florence came in. She apologized brief-
ly to Chris and immediately plunged into
conversation with Rusty. She looked tired
and disheveled and her lipstick was al-
most off. But when Rusty was talking to
her, his whole face was live and intent.

  Christy pushed down the sick surge of
jealousy. “It’s business,” she told herself
firmly, but there was an intimacy that was
far from businesslike. She heard the con-
cern in Rusty’s voice when he said, “You
did exactly right, Florence. Now you go
straight home and get a good night’s
sleep.” She noticed that Rusty put his
arm around the other girl’s shoulders
when he took her to the door. She no-
ticed all these things and her heart was
sick within her.

  When Rusty came back she was re-
arranging the red roses.

  “They’re beautiful,” Rusty said. “But
no more beautiful than you are, Chris—
no more fragrant, no more luxurious, no
more fragile.”

  The lamplight made a halo of her shin-
ing hair and her mouth was soft and prom-
ising as she looked up at him. He put his
arms around her and the floor rocked be-
neath her. He bent his high red head and
put his mouth against -hers and warmth
poured through her body, drugging her
senses. His kiss was long and deep and
unhurried, as if he wanted to drain every
drop of sweetness, as if this were not only
the first kiss, but the last. When that kiss
was finished, Christy felt as if the whole
world were holding its breath with won-
der because something she had only
dreamed about had come true.

  “I shall always remember tonight,”
Rusty said softly. “I shall remember it
perfectly and completely.”
94

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

  Christy’s throat was suddenly tight with
fright. “That sounds as if you were say-
ing, ‘Thanks for the memory—as if you
never expect to see me again.’ ”

  “Oh, I expect I shall see you now and
again,” Rusty said. His voice sounded
stirred and a little unsteady, but very defi-
nite. “But not like tonight. You’re like
a dream girl, Christy, lovely and quite
unreal. You stay in your beautiful shel-
tered shell and nothing gets through to
you—not even a war.”

  He had started talking very quietly but
his voice kept getting more fervent.

  “I buy war bonds,” she said a little an-
grily. “I bought bonds instead of a new
coat. I serve on committees.”

  “I know,” Rusty said. “It’s being done.
That’s what I mean.”

  “I don’t know what you’re talking
about.” Christy felt helpless, frustrated.
Only a moment ago their lips had melted
together and now he was talking to her
as if she were a complete stranger of whom
he disapproved. “What are you trying to
tell me, Rusty—that I'm spoiled?”

  “Not just spoiled, because spoiled peo-
ple are arrogant. You’re not even arro-
gant, Chris—there’s not that much to you.
You’re sweet. But a man needs more
than sweetness. He needs understand-
ing.”

  The memory of his kiss still burned on
her mouth. It couldn’t have been a good-
bye kiss, it was too throbbingly alive.
Chris tilted her head way back and looked
up at Rusty, her eyes shining, her red
lips softly, eagerly parted.

  “Oh, Rusty, let’s stop arguing.”

  He said sharply, “Don’t try that, Chris
—it won't work,” and she felt the blood
suddenly hot in her face.

  “That’s what I meant,” Rusty’s voice
snapped now. “You've been brought up
to get your own way by being charming.
You’ve been brought up to be beautiful
and useless and you want to go on being
just the way you are. You don’t want to
change, and I doubt if you could change,
even if you wanted to. It’s not your fault,
I suppose—it’s just the way you are.”

  It had started out like an indictment,
but the anger suddenly left his voice and
he sounded just tired—terribly tired and
bewildered. He straightened his shoul-
ders suddenly, as if throwing off a bur-

den. “Find yourself another playmate, my
dear, somebody who still has a taste for
milk and honey and low lights and soft
music.”

  Inside Christy felt a strange fury, full
of heartbreak. “Why did you kiss me,
then?”

  He smiled, then as if she were a slight-
ly foolish child. But there was something
the matter with his smile because it did
not reach his eyes.

  “You were so obviously waiting to be
kissed. Shall I tell you a secret ? I kissed
you with my fingers crossed. But it was
a very heady kiss. That’s why once was
enough. I know where to stop and when.
So, good-bye, Christy, my dear—and
thanks for the memory.”

THE front door closed softly and defi-
nitely, and Christy felt her heart slide
down into a bottomless pit. The stars no
longer shone and the earth stood still.
Rusty was gone. She was idle and use-
less and he didn’t have time for her. But
he had kissed her as if he meant it.

  She wondered suddenly how he would
have felt about her if she were no longer
useless. What if she worked, like Flo-
rence Miller? What if she proved to
Rusty that she could hold down a job?

  She was waiting up for her father when
he came in. “Dad, could you pet me a
job?”

  He sat down heavily, as if he were
tired. “I don’t know, Kitten. What kind
of a job? What can you do?”

 “Why, I—” For a moment she was
lost, and a little angry at her father, be-
cause he seemed to be failing her. Then,
like an inspiration, she remembered a
phrase of Rusty's—the girls on the assem-
bly line. “I want d job on an assembly
line.”

  His face brightened. To her surprise,
his tired eyes looked suddenly proud.
“That’s very fine of you, Christy, to want
to do something toward the war effort.”
It was the first time in years her father
had called her Christy, usually it was
“Kitten” or “Baby.” “I’ll see what I can
do.”

  “I'd like a job in Rusty’s plant.”

  Did she imagine the shadow that seemed
to cross his face? She must have ima-
gined it, because a moment later he was
THANKS FOR THE MEMORY

95

his usual self, kindly and wanting to give
her what she wanted.

  ‘‘In Rusty’s plant. I see. Are you in
love with him, Baby?”

  She was completely, devastatingly hon-
est. "I think I shall die if I can’t make
him want me.”

  “Doesn’t he want you?”

  “Not enough.” Her voice was pain-
fully even, but her eyes were pleading for
reassurance, for hope. “He kissed me
once. He—he seemed to like kissing me.
That's important, isn’t it? But then he
went away. If he were in love with me,
one kiss wouldn’t be enough, would it?”
It seemed as if he were searching for
words. “When times change, Baby, peo-
ple have to change with them. Old stand-
ards don’t count any more.” He stopped,
hesitated. “I’ll see what I can do about
the job, Kitten.”

  He got the job for her and Christy went
to work on an assembly line. She had had
some vague idea of going to work in trim,
fitted slacks. But she wore a shapeless,
blue denim coverall and hid her bright
hair under an atrocity they called a tur-
ban. She sat in one back-breaking posi-
tion all day, until all her muscles screamed
with pain, and put two parts of a screw
together.

  But she stuck to it. She went home
every night and crawled into bed and it
seemed to her that she had hardly closed
her eyes before the morning alarm sound-
ed hideously in her ears. But she kept at
it, because sometime Rusty was sure to
walk through the plant and recognize her.
She dreamed of seeing his blue eyes light
up with surprise and pride and love.

  And then it happened. He passed by
with the foreman and Christy’s fingers,
putting screws together, turned cold and
stiff. Her heart hammered against her ribs
until it seemed to her Rusty must hear its
beating clear above the hum and whirr of
machinery. Then he saw her and the fire
that blazed up in his blue eyes was all
that she had dreamed about.

  She got a message just before lunch
period that Mr. Heath would like to see
her in his office when she was through
work. But she didn’t wait uhtil after
work. She had a half-hour off for lunch
and she wasn't hungry, anyway. She went
to Rusty’s office just as she was, in the

voluminous, ugly coverall. But she snatch-
ed off her turban and let her hair tumble
down in a cascade of shimmering gold.

RUSTY said, humbly, “I couldn’t wait
until tonight.” He took both her
hands and gripped them hard. He said,
“Can you ever forgive me for the things
I said? Can you ever—”

  He choked up. He just stood looking
down at her as if he were drinking her in.

  Triumph surged through her, a high-
hearted happiness that went singing its
way through her blood. “I didn’t put on
any lipstick,” she babbled, “because we’re
not allowed to wear it. but then if there
isn’t any lipstick on then you can’t kiss
it off, can you? I mean, you have to be
careful about things like that in an office,
don’t you?”

  He laughed, a little shakily. And then
he was kissing her, hard, fast, turbulent
kisses, and he hugged her so close she
could feel the hard strength of his arms
through the heavy coverall.

  “Why didn’t you tell me?” he whis-
pered.

  She snuggled up against him. “I knew
you’d pass by some day and see me. Were
you surprised ? What did you think when
you saw me?”

  His voice was muffled in her shining
hair. “I thought, thank God, we are the
same kind of people, after all!”

  “Wait till I tell Daddy,” Chris said con-
tentedly. “I don’t think he really believed
it would work, even when he got me the
job.” She sighed. “I was getting sort of
doubtful myself. I began to think I would
have to stay there for months before you’d
ever find out.”

  She felt the hard muscles of his arm
go tense.

  “Wait a minute, Chris. I’m not sure I
understand. Do you mean you asked your
father to get you a job here just to make
me notice you.”

  She should have been warned, then, by
the incredulous note in his voice, but she
was wishing he would kiss her again.
“Mmm. . .. Rusty, what’s the matter?”
“It would have been nice,” Rusty said,
and she couldn’t mistake the bitterness in
his voice, “if you had cared about helping
to win the war.”

  She tore herself out of his arms, and
96

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

she saw that his face had gone quite gray
and his eyes were barren and defeated.

  “I was a fool to think you had changed,”
he said. “People don’t change, unless they
want to.”

  “But, Rusty—”

  “Just a trick to get me to notice you,
like putting on a different kind of lip-
stick or buying a new hat. You weren’t
used to having a man not notice you, were
you, Christy?” His voice was searing.
“So you were afraid you would have to
stay on the job for months! And I thought
we were the same kind of people! Why,
we don’t even speak the same language.”
She felt hot anger surging up inside of
her, tying her throat in knots, and with
the anger was a fierce, hot pride. He
didn’t have to look at her with that siz-
zling contempt in his eyes. He didn’t have
to let his voice drip scorn when he spoke
to her. If he didn’t appreciate the fact that
she had half killed herself doing manual
labor just to impress him, she certainly
wasn’t going to call it to his attention
again. What did he expect her to do, go
down on her knees?

  Her brown eyes were on fire as she
swept her long, yellow hair back from her
shoulders.

  “Well, thanks for the brush-off,” she
said.

SHE found the foreman and told him
she was quitting.

  “All right,” he said brusquely. “Pick
up your check tomorrow night.”

  “Tomorrow night? I’m quitting now.”
The look in his eyes made her shiver.
“Oh, no, you’re not, Sister. You’ll finish
your week out, to give us time to put in
somebody else. There’s a war on—or
hadn’t you heard?”

  “How dare you use that tone to me!”
“Pardon me, Duchess.” He shrugged.
“Well, you lasted longer than most of
them thought you would, at that. I was
the sucker—I told them I thought you’d
stick.”

  Chris clenched her hands together at
her sides.

  He turned away, dismissing her. “All
right—that’s all. Good-bye, Carrington.
I’m sorry to lose you—you were a good
worker.”

  All afternoon she put screws together.

All afternoon she told herself, “After to-
morrow I can sleep as late as I want to.
I can get my hands back into condition
and get a manicure again. I wonder how
long'it will take to get rid of these cal-
louses?”

  Changing her clothes in the locker room
that night she ran into Mrs. Roberts. For
weeks she had worked next to the little
gray-haired woman on the assembly line.
But this was the first time she really no-
ticed her.

  “Why aren’t you changing? Here, I’ll
get down your things for you.”

  “I’m not leaving yet,” Mrs. Roberts
said smiling, “I’m working overtime to-
night.”

  “Overtime! But you can’t—you look
tired already.” Christy stopped short,
hesitated. “I’m sorry—maybe you need
the money.”

  The other woman shook her head. “No,
I don’t need the money. But we ought to
get out more planes. My son writes me
that our planes are better than the Japs’,
but they still have more of them. After
all, they got a head start on us.”

  “I didn’t know you had a son,” Christy
said gently. “Where is he?”

  “The last I heard he was in the Solo-
mons,” Mrs. Roberts told her. “Well,
good night, Miss Carrington. See you
tomorrow.”

  “See you tomorrow,” Christy echoed.
But not after tomorrow.

  The next day a subdued feeling of ex-
citement ran through the plant. The pace
of everything seemed heightened. Christy
looked down the line and it seemed the
many fingers were flying faster than ever.

  “What’s going on?” she asked cu-
riously.

  It was Mrs. Roberts who answered.
Her faded blue eyes were bright and her
thin shoulders looked unusually straight
and proud. “Haven’t you heard? We’re
getting the Army-Navy ‘E’ flag this after-
noon !”

  Christy smiled politely. “That’s fine.”
But it has nothing to do with me, she
thought. This is my last day here.

  But for no reason at all her own fingers
seemed to move faster.

  All the workers went to the ceremony
that afternoon. They stood massed to-
gether while an official from the War
THANKS FOR THE MEMORY

97

Department made a five-minute speech.
Christy didn’t hear much of it because her
eyes were riveted on a disheveled red
head. She thought: Rusty might at least
have combed his hair.

  Eyes on Rusty, heart crying out to
Rusty, she thought she was not hearing
any of the speech, but little snatches of it
seeped through. “Every minute lost on
the assembly line prolongs the war one-
more frightful minute . . . Every screw
from this factory is an integral part of a
bomber.”

  Rusty’s wide shoulders were as straight
as if they were in uniform. Rusty’s blue
eyes were fixed unswervingly on the
speaker, the same eyes that had blazed
with scorn as they looked down at a yel-
low-haired, brown-eyed girl. Christy
locked her hands together to still their
shaking.

  “We’re all in it together,” said the
deep voice of the speaker.

  On the platform the band played The
Star-Spangled Banner. Unconsciously
Christy felt her aching shoulders straight-
en. There was a lump in her throat that
she couldn’t swallow, a lump that had
nothing to do with heartache or pain.

  Oli, say does that star-spangled banner yet
      wave . . .

  Pride could bring a lump in your throat,
too.

  The band stopped and the assembled
workers turned and filed out of the assem-
bly room.

  “Is that all?” asked Christy, startled.
“Isn’t there going to be a celebration, or
something?”

  One of the men standing near grinned
down at her, a comradely grin. “Come
on, Sister—we’ve got to get back to
work.”

AT THE end of the shift she changed
her clothes in the locker room. She
put on lipstick with a lavish hand. She
slipped into her beaver coat and set her
tiny beaver hat carelessly on her yellow
head. Tomorrow, she thought eagerly, I’ll
be able to go to the hairdresser.

  She turned in her locker key and got
her check. She hadn't said good-bye to
Mrs. Roberts—somehow she couldn’t. But
now she felt an overwhelming desire to

say good-bye to someone. After all, she
had worked here for seven weeks. That
should entitle her to at least a good-bye.

  She smiled ravishingly at the pay-
master. “Well, good-bve.”

  He looked up. startled. He did nor
smile. “Oh. goodbye, Miss—er—”

  “Carrington.” she said defiantly.

  But he had already gone back to his
work.

  She started out, every step taking her
3wav from Rusty. Suddenly she couldn’t
stand it. Suddenly she thought she would
suffocate if she couldn’t get one more
glimpse of him. She could at least say
good-bye to him. She could be gay and
bright about it. She could shake hands
and say, “Well, no hard feelings.” May-
be—

  She went quickly down to Rusty’s
office.

  The door was ajar and she pushed it
open quietly. Florence Miller was there.
Florence Miller was in Rusty’s arms and
tears were running down her face and she
was saying, in a choked, little voice, “Oh,
Rusty, Rusty! I thought I could never
be so happy !”

  Chris stood long enough to have her
heart cut to ribbons. Then she turned and
ran.

  “A man needs more than sweetness, he
needs understanding.” Rustj< had said
that. Had he been thinking of Florence
Miller ?

SHE slept till noon the next day. She
went to the hairdresser and the mani-
curist worked for an hour on her hands.

  She slept till noon every day. She went
to luncheons and cocktail parties and
dances. Men were getting scarce all the
time, but there were still a few left, even
if you didn’t count the ones coming back
all the time on leave.

  She called up Don Parsons, who had
been crazy about her for years. Don
worked in a bank. His draft number
hadn’t come up yet. “When it does,” he
shrugged. “I’ll go, of course. Meantime,
here’s to fun.”

  “Here’s to fun,” Christy echoed.

  They were still having dances at the
country club, once a month, now, instead
of every Saturday night. But there was a
dance the Saturday night after Christy
98

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

had quit her job and she went with Don
Parsons.

  She wore a slinky new dress with a nar-
row skirt slit halfway up to her knees.
It made her feel like a siren. With her
long shining hair, just barely curled under
at the ends, it made her look like a little
girl trying to be sophisticated.

  Don thought she looked beautiful. He
kept telling her so at five-minute intervals.
Maybe she would marry Don some day.
Why not?

 Why not, Christy? You can't go
through the rest of your life carrying a
very bright and, burning torch.

  Coming upon Rusty suddenly on the
dance floor at the club made her stop stock
still and catch her breath sharply.

  “Why, hello, Rusty. Hello, Florence.”
She stopped and introduced Don and then
rattled on. “Imagine my surprise! I
didn’t know you two ever prowled after
sundown. I thought you were much too
grim and earnest.”

  She was proud of the way her voice
sounded. Hearing it, you would never
guess that she was slowly bleeding to
death inside.

  “We’re celebrating,” Florence said hap-
pily.

  Christy rushed in. “Let’s not miss a
minute of this perfectly divine music.
Dance with me, Rusty ? Or am I too friv-
olous for you even to dance with?”

  She slipped into his arms and danced
away.

  That was rude, but I don’t care. I
couldn’t stand there and let her tell me
about it—I couldn’t congratulate her, not
yet. I have to have a little time.

  She knew now that she had been hop-
ing against hope, right up to that last
dreadful moment when Florence had said.
“We’re celebrating.”

  She struck out blindly, wanting to hurt
Rusty in some way, because she was hurt-
ing so terribly herself. “Well, what’s the
subject of tonight’s lecture going to be,
Professor?”

  He winced. “I deserved that, I expect.
I’m sorry I was so rude the last time I
saw you, Chris.”

  “Think nothing of it,” she said blithely.
When you had nothing to lose, you lost it
with a bang. You snatched back your dis-
carded pride and wrapped it around you

like a cloak. “It makes a very funny story
—little Chris getting her come-uppance.
You should have heard the gang roar
about it.”

  “I see.” She could almost feel the
sparks shooting from his storm-blue eyes.
“Shall I take you back to the gang now?
I don’t want to deprive them of a minute
of your funny stories.”

  When he left her with the girl, she said,
“Well, good-bye, Rusty, darling. Give my
love to the little screws.”

  But a cloak of pride could not warm
you. Nothing could warm you when your
heart was like a lump of ice in your
breast.

  Everybody gathered around to make
much of her. Her friends were so glad
to see her back in circulation again. “Tell
us about it, Chris. Was it fun?”

  “It was wonderful,” she said.

  She had practiced how she would tell
it. “I wore a size 40 coverall and I—”
It would make such a funny story that
everybody would roar with laughter and
say, “Chris, you’re priceless. Nobody can
tell a story like you.”

  “Tell us about it, Chris!”

  "Skip it,” she said briefly.

THE next Saturday there wasn’t a
dance, but Don got up a party to go
into town. Don knew how to push an ad-
vantage when he saw it. Christ}' wore a
long black skirt and a snug yellow sweater
that matched her hair. Don Parsons kept
looking at her as if he could eat her up,
until everybody began to laugh and tease
them about it.

  “Why shouldn’t I look at her?” Don.
said, unabashed. “She’s like something
out of this world.”

  You’re like a drearn-girl, Christy—love-
ly and quite unreal.

  Suddenly Christy was trembling. “I’m
tired of this place. Let’s do something
different. Let’s go to a newsreel.”

  The others let up a howl of protest,
but Don said fatuously, “I’ll take you to
a newsreel, Christy.”

  He held her hand in the movie. “Chris,
you’ve got a callous. On those lovely, soft
hands!”

  Of course, I’ve got callouses. You can’t
have bombers without callouses.

  Aloud she said lightly, “Callouses are
THANKS FOR THE MEMORY

99

nothing. You should have seen them when
they were blisters!”

  One of the pictures showed a flight of
American four-motored bombers.

  “Don,” she said suddenly, “maybe
some of my screws are in those bombers.’'
He laughed. “Christy, you’re cute.”
He’s silly, Christy thought. He just
doesn’t know what it’s all about. He’s
all right to play around with in peace-
time, but he doesn’t know there’s a war
going on.

  And then something flashed on the
screen that caught her attention—the pre-
sentation of the Army-Navy ‘E’ Award
to Rusty’s plant. They didn’t show much
of the ceremony, just a brief glimpse of
the speakers’ platform, a briefer glimpse
of the massed workers. Then the band
played The Star-Spangled Banner and the
audience rose.

  Christy stood so still she seemed hardly
to breathe. Her throat was tight.

  “We’re all in it together . . "My son
says we haven’t enough planes.” “Where
is your son, Mrs. Roberts?” “The last I
heard he ivas in the Solomons.” . . . Not
enough planes . . . “Sorry to lose you.
Carrington. You were a good worker . . .”
Oh, say does that Star Spangled Banner
yet wave. . . . “We're all in it togeth-
er ..“It would have been nice, Christy,
if you had ti'anted to help win the war. ..”
“Don,” Christy said, "let’s go home, I
have to get up early in the morning.”

THE next morning she went out to the
bomber plant and asked the foreman
if she could have her job back.

  He said briefly, “Sorry, Carrington. We
have to have people we can depend on.”
“All right,” Christy said humbly. “I
don’t blame you.”

  It took a long time for her to find a job
in another plant. It was hard, walking in
cold and applying for a job, different from
having her father make all the arrange-
ments beforehand. And she was afraid to
give her last place as reference, but more
ashamed not to. Maybe the foreman
wouldn’t recommend her.

  The day she was finally hired she went
home with her brown eyes shining like
stars.

  She had never seen such pride in any-
body’s face as her father’s when she told

him. He cleared his throat several times
before he spoke. “So you’ve grown up,
have you. Kitten?”

  She said, “I’m going to take a course
at night in reading blueprints. The fore-
man says they can’t get enough women
who can read blueprints.”

  It was rather an oblique reply to his
question, but her father seemed satisfied.

  The assembly lines at the new plant
didn’t work as fast as those at Rusty’s. It
worried Christy. It wasn’t anything you
could put your finger on, but there just
wasn’t the same urgency about getting the
work out. The harassed foremen worried
and prodded. Once Christy heard Brodie,
the big foreman of her own shift, swear-
ing under his breath that you couldn’t ex-
pect to get any work out of women, any-
way.

  Christy hardly knew when she began
to talk. Maybe it started in the locker
room or at lunch period. But somehow or
other, a little shyly at first, she began tell-
ing about Mrs. Roberts. Pretty soon
everybody on the line knew about Mrs.
Roberts, who was middle-aged and tired,
but who worked overtime because her son
was in the Solomons. Then Christy be-
gan telling about the Army-Navy ‘E’ flag.
She said casually, “We ought to get it
here, too.”

  As the weeks went by she learned the
names of all the girls in her department.
She knew Violet, whose feet hurt, and
Katherine, whose boy-friend was in the
Marines, and Penny, who had a Phi Beta
Kappa key from Wellesley. After a while,
no matter where she went in the plant
somebody was apt to say, “Hi, Chris. We
moved up seven per cent this week. May-
be we will get that flag.”

  One day Brodie passed her and said,
“Keep going, Sister. You’ve got what it
takes. ”

  Chris felt as if she had been knighted.
She tried not to think of Rusty. Some-
times she would go for almost five min-
utes at a time without thinking of him
once. Then she would tell herself, with a
wry smile, “Keep going, Sister. At this
rate you’ll get over him by the time you’re
ninety.”

  Sometimes she would pass a workman
with red hair or a foreman who carried
his wide shoulders with a slight swagger,
100

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

and her knees would turn to water and
the ache of loneliness inside her would be
almost more than she could stand. Then
she would go and tell one of the new girls
about the “E” flag.

  And then, miraculously, the news came.
The company was to receive the Army-
Navy Award. Christy thought she had
never in her life been so proud as she
was on that Friday afternoon at four
o’clock.

  She was way back in the middle of the
crowd and she couldn't see very much of
the platform, but she heard the president
of the company say that today they had
as honored guest the production engineer
of the bomber plant for whom they were
sub-contractors—Mr. Russell Iieath.

  Christy caught her breath wildly and
lost track of what followed. When she
finally fought back to where she could
breathe again the principal speaker was
already nearly finished. But she heard him
say that in the last three months produc-
tion had gone up twenty-seven per cent,
and she almost burst with pride.

  And then he said, “We thought it would
be a good idea to have one of the workers
come up here today to receive the flag.
So we asked the foremen to designate
some one to represent the men. And then
we got a little bit of a surprise. It seems
that the unanimous choice was a girl. And
what we heard from those twenty-four
hard-boiled foremen makes us proud to
accept their recommendation. Will Miss
Christine Carrington please come up to
the platform?”

  “Oh, no,” Chris whispered frantically.

  She turned to flee.

  It was Brodie, big, gruff Brodie, who
took her arm and led her through the
grinning, applauding crowd.

  Christy accepted the flag with shaking
fingers. She managed a frightened little
half-smile for the smiling officials. She
opened her mouth and not a sound
emerged. Finally she managed a squeaky
“Thank you.” But it seemed to be enough.
The crowd roared their approval and the
band played The Star Spangled Banner.
Then the officials on the platform gath-
ered round to shake hands with Christy.
She thought, “Now it’s coming. If I can
get through the next five minutes I’ll be
all right.”

  She said, “How do you do, Mr. Col-
lins ... How do you do, Colonel For-
rest . . . How do you do, Mr. Heath?"

  “Hello, Chris,” Rusty said.

  Don’t look at him, Christy, and maybe
you zvon’t give yourself away.

  The president of the company was pat-
ting her shoulder paternally. “Mr. Heath
tells me you two are old friends. Sup-
pose you run along with him now and
renew old acquaintance.”

  “I can’t,” Christy said. “I’ve got to
get back to work.”

  1 can’t. I’ve stood enough for one day.
He zvants to apologise, so he’ll feel better
and can go back to Florence with me off
his conscience.

  “Nonsense,” laughed the president.
“I’ll tell Brodie you had special dispen-
sation. Take her down to my office, Heath
—you know the way.”

AND then she was walking down the
hall with Rusty.

  They went into the big private office
and Chris sat down, not saying anything.
Rusty didn’t seem to know how to begin,
either. The silence became thick and em-
barrassing. Finally, for something to do,
she took off her turban and ran her fin-
gers through her hair.

  Then she heard Rusty’s quick, indrawn
breath.

  “You’ve cut your hair,” he said stupid-
ly. His voice shook a little.

  “It got in my way,” Chris said briefly.
Then she flung back her head and looked
straight at him. She was thinner than
when he had last seen her, prouder. There
were smudges of pallor under her cheek-
bones. Her wide-set dusky eyes were
dangerously bright, her voice dangerously
soft. “After the war,” she said clearly,
“I shall let it grow again, clear down to
my shoulders. After the war.”

  “Of course,” his voice was still un-
even. “But it’s lovely that way, too, like
little soft baby curls, close to your head.”

  To her horror she felt her eyes sting,
and two scalding tears crawled down her
cheeks.

  Rusty spoke again, helplessly. “I know
you didn’t want to come down here with
me. I hadn’t any right to force it on you.
But I had so many things to say and now
I can’t even think how to begin.”
THANKS FOR THE MEMORY

101

  She stood there, willing the tears to
stop, but they kept coming.

  Then Rusty said, “Maybe this is a bet-
ter way than talking.” He leaned over
and put his mouth against hers. He left
it there for a long moment and Christy
felt the same old response to his touch,
but the mouth he kissed remained cold.

  She drew away from him. She could
have stood almost anything, except hav-
ing him kiss her in pity because she cried.

  Out of her pain and her humiliation she
found words to say. "Maybe I can help
you.”

  Get it over with, before he sees it in
your eyes and hears it in your voice!

  “You want to say you’re sorry, don’t
you, Rusty? You want to apologize for
the things you said the last time I was in
an office with you. But you don’t have to
apologize, because all you said was true,
except one thing. People can change,
people can grow up. Only I was just a
little late getting around to it. Now, let’s
skip it, shall we? How is Florence?”

  He sounded startled and utterly be-
wildered by her abrupt change of sub-
ject. “Florence? She’s fine now. Her
husband got back a week ago. He’s in
the hospital, but he’s going to be all right.”

  “Her husband?”

  “Why, yes. Didn’t you know she was
married? Well, her husband was in the
Pacific and was reported missing for a
long time. Florence kept up, kept on
working. But when she got word he had
been found she went all to pieces. I re-

THE

member the exact day she heard, because
it was the day we got the ‘E’ flag at the
plant. I thought she told you, that night
we saw you at the country club. She said
we were celebrating.”

   “I remember,” Christy whispered. “Oh, _
 Rusty—I thought you were in love with
 her!”

  He went white, under his tan. “How
could I be in love with her?”

   She saw it in his eyes, she heard it in
 his voice. Light spilled over Christy’s face.
 “Oh,” she said. “I don’t know, darling—”
 “Because I’m in love with you.”

  She hugged the words to her heart.
Happiness brimmed up in her eyes and
spilled over. “Are your fingers still
crossed, darling?”

  He reached out and gathered her in.
She could feel the starved pounding of
his heart against hers, she could feel the
tenderness of his hands and the hard pos-
sessiveness of his mouth on hers.

   He was still kissing her when a flight
 of planes passed overhead. Rusty lifted
 his head to listen. But this time he wasn’t
 far away—he had let her in. He said, “I
 wish I were flying one of those.” He said
 it with longing, but almost casually, as if
 he knew she'd understand.

   She didn’t have to say all the things
she’d practiced, after all. You didn’t need
a lot of words, when two people spoke
the same language.

  “I know, darling,” Christy said. “I
know how you feel.”

END

To Our Readers in the Armed Forces—

TELL IT TO YOUR CO.!

Wherever you are sent—right here in America or in the bat-
tle zones overseas—your favorite Popular Publications mag-
azine will follow you. If you have any trouble placing your
subscription, ask your commanding officer to put it through.
He gives us the orders too!

Symbol of the Best in Brand-new Fiction!
She knew he was going to kiss her and that she ought to stop him, but somehow she was powerless.

She had the right answer for
everyone’s love troubles, but her
best client’s boy friend knew the
only answer to Gerry’s.

102

G

|ERRY was sitting at the big ma-
hogany desk in the inner sanctum,
Ella Eaton’s private office. The
door stood open so that she could see into
the small outer office.
TROUBLES, INC.

103

               Ella Eaton
               Troubles, Inc.

  Those were the puzzling words on the
outside door.

  “What have people got more of than
anything else in the world?” Ella would
say. “Troubles. And this city is full of
them. Hundreds of girls on their own,
getting into jams, and nobody to talk
things over with.”

  She had been right. In three months
the business had grown astonishingly.
They were already looking for another
girl to help with the mail, and the schedule
was full of private consultations every
day.

  Ella was a modish, comfortably stout
woman, with handsome gray hair, kindly
humorous eyes and a firm mouth and chin.
She was no quack. She had the proper
doctors and psychiatrists behind her. But
all most people needed was common, or-
dinary horse-sense advice.

  Two hours ago Ella had sat at this desk
and received a telephone call. She had
hung up and barked, “Gerry!”

  She was thrusting letters into a brief-
case even before Gerry could get into the
room. “My aunt’s very ill and I’ve got
to go to New England. I don’t know how
long I’ll be gone. You’ll have to take
over.”

  “But I’m just your secretary,” Gerry
wailed.

  “I’ve got a train to catch. I haven’t
time to argue,” Ella said, jamming on
her hat. “I’ll keep in touch with you.
Good-bye.” And she was gone.

  Well, nobody had come in for two
hours. The people who had called on the
phone had been quite willing to wait for
Miss Eaton’s return.

  Gerry had done all sorts of things on
this job from simply answering mail-to
shopping for new clothes and hairdos for
the girls. She adored it. But she didn’t
feel qualified to juggle another person’s
life around.

  Five to five. She breathed a sigh of re-
lief and uncrossed her fingers. That was
the wrong thing to do. Because at that
very moment the outer door was flung
open by a distracted-looking girl, a very
pretty girl with curly blond hair and wide
blue eyes.

  Gerry straightened up. Fortunately

she had kept her spectacles on. She felt
they made her more impressive.

  “Miss Eaton?” the girl asked, her high
heels clipping sharply across the floor.

  “Miss Eaton is out of town,” Gerry
said. “I’m Miss Palmer, her assistant.”
“Oh, how awful!” the girl said. She
lit a cigarette and began to pace up and
down in front of the desk. “I’ve got to
decide tonight.” She turned quickly. “Can
you help me?”

  “I can try,” was the quiet answer.
Gerry took out a card and filled it in.
The girl’s name was Sylvia Mead. She
was nineteen. She lived on East Thirty-
fifth street. She was a photographer’s
model.

  “I can’t stand it any more,” she said.
"I can’t sleep.”

  “Two men are in love with me. And I
can’t make up my mind. One’s rich and
one’s poor. I don’t know as I could stand
being poor. I’ve always wanted to be rich.
Poverty kills love anyway, doesn’t it?”
“Is the rich one older?” Gerry asked.
“Oh, a lot older,” the girl said.

  Gerry felt a flood of relief. This one
was easy. Just routine stuff. She knew
Ella’s answer. Always tell them to marry
the one they love. That was the young
poor one. If they weren’t really in love
with the young poor one, there wouldn’t
be any problem.

  Gerry talked quietly for a few minutes.
The girl said, “But are you sure I’m not
in love with Bruce, the rich one?”

  Gerry talked again about the glamor
of money which had nothing to do with
love. “Besides,” she said, “what if this
other man is poor? He’s young. He’ll
probably make money. Especially with
your love and help.”

  When Sylvia Mead left she seemed
satisfied. And Gerry felt quite proud of
herself.

  She fluffed out her brown hair, put on
her small leopard pillbox which matched
the collar of her black suit. It was a very
good suit, an extravagance considering
her small salary. But it was important to
look well, and some day Ella would be
able to give her a substantial raise.

A FTER a merciless ride on the subway,
she stopped in at the corner grocery
store. She wanted a nice juicy steak for
104

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

two. Jimmy loved steak. But steak was
much too high and really very scarce these
days. So she compromised on some
ground beef for hamburgers.

  She carried her bundles from the store
and climbed up the three steep flights to
her tiny apartment. She was quite out
of breath when she let herself in and
dumped her packages on the table.

  There was no time to freshen her face
or start the dinner before Jimmy was
ringing the door bell.

  He was a tall, dark, nice-looking young
man in a cheap but neatly-pressed blue
serge suit. He was just her own age—
twenty-five. He kissed her but he looked
cross.’. He had been deferred by his draft
board because he had to support his
mother. Sometimes she wondered if the
fact that he wasn’t in uniform was the
reason for his occasional bad disposition.
But lately she was beginning to wonder.
He was always cross before dinner and
tonight it irritated her more than usual.
She was just as tired and hungry as he
was. What’s more, she had to hustle
around and get the meal. She couldn’t sit
back in a comfortable chair and read the
evening paper.

  What’s the matter with me anyway?
she thought. Don’t I love Jimmy, after
all?

  “Let’s go to the movies,” she said, as
she peeled the potatoes.

  “Okay,” Jimmy mumbled over the top
of his paper.

  “Did you get to talk to the boss today?”
she asked.

  “What?” Jimmy said crossly.

  “Did you talk to Mr. Hemstreet about
giving you Holton’s job when he leaves?”

  Jimmy put the paper aside and got up.
He thrust his hands into his pockets and
began to pace up and down. “They’ve
sent for the Chicago man to take Holton’s
place,” he said at last.

  She couldn’t say anything. She felt sick
with disappointment. They’d never be
able to get married. He might just as
well be in the Army, as far as matrimony
was concerned.

  “Darn it,” Jimmy said, “here I am,
earning twenty-five measly bucks a week.
How’s a man ever to get ahead in this
lousy world?”

  “If you’d only asked him right away,

two weeks ago as I wanted you to,” she
said, and knew instantly that it was the
wrong thing to say.

  He said furiously, “I guess I know my
own business better than you do!”

  “Let’s not talk about it now,” she sug-
gested.

  “Let's not talk about it ever,” he
growled.

  They climbed the long stairs up to the
balcony, because the seats were so much
cheaper, and sat through two dull movies.
They climbed down again and walked
home and up the three flights to her apart-
ment. It was late, so Jimmy just kissed
her good night in the hall. It used not to
be like this when we were first engaged,
she thought.

  “I don’t know,” she said to herself
later, just as she was about to drop off to
sleep. “The rich one might have been
awfully nice to have.”

THERE were quite a few letters to an-
swer in the morning and many tele-
phone calls. But no one came in until
abnost noon. Then a blond young man
stormed in like a cyclone. Her first im-
pression was a tall, well built form in a
smooth-fitting uniform. Then she noticed
the silver bar on each shoulder and the
wings over his heart.

  “I want to see Miss Eaton!” he de-
manded, leaning across Gerry’s desk
threateningly.

  “Miss Eaton is out of town,” she said.

  “Who are you?”

  “I am Miss Palmer, Miss Eaton’s as-
sistant,” she said stiffly. “Is there any-
thing I can do for you?”

  “Then it was you!” he exploded.

  Gerry drew back, startled. He looked
ready to throttle her. Obviously he was
crazy. She wondered if screaming would
bring help in time.

  “You’ve ruined my life, that’s what
you’ve done!” he cried.

  “What do you mean by butting in and
telling her to marry that bloke? What
business is it of yours? I love her. Do
you understand? You’ve ruined my life.
And I’m going to sue for damages
and you needn’t think I won’t.”

  Gerry’s head was whirling. “I’m—
afraid I don’t understand,” she mur-
mured.
TROUBLES, INC.

105

  "I'm afraid you don’t!” he snapped.
"You couldn’t understand the simplest
human problem, except how to mess up
other people's lives for some miserable
little fee. Now what I want to know is,
what you are going to do about it?”

  She just stared at him helplessly.

  “In another week I could have per-
suaded her,” he stormed. “I’m going to
marry Sylvia Mead, whether you like it
or not. What’s more you’re going to help
me. You're going to see her again and
take back that lousy advice.”

  Sylvia Mead! Things were beginning
to be a little clearer. Then this was the
rich, “older” man. He couldn’t have been
more than thirty. Perhaps that looked old
to the nineteen-year-old Sylvia, in love
with someone else. But any girl in her
right mind could see that this man was
young, strong, handsome—and definitely
virile. Very definitely.

  She frowned and picked up a pencil
and tapped it on the desk. “Let’s talk this
over calmly,” she said. “It seemed ob-
vious to me that you weren’t the one
Miss Mead was in love with.”

  “Oh, it seemed obvious to you, did it?
Well, it never seemed very obvious to
me. She didn’t seem to hate my kisses.”
Gerry was startled to find herself not
liking at all the idea of his kissing Sylvia
Mead. She said angrily, “It was just your
money.”

  “Are you trying to tell me that I am so
repulsive that a girl would only put up
with my kisses on account of my money?”
Gerry felt her cheeks growing hot. “I
didn’t mean that, at all! But I can’t talk
to you unless you calm down.”

  “Calm down!” he exploded. "When
you’ve ruined my life! All right. You're
not going to talk to me. You’re going to
talk to Sylvia. I’ll be back here at five
o’clock and pick you up. You’re going to
march straight to Sylvia’s with me and tell
her everything you said was a mistake.
And you’d better not try to get out of it.
Because I’ll find you—anywhere!”

  He slammed out of the door and Gerry
slumped back in her chair. This would
happen to her, with Ella away.

  Would he sue? Could he sue? Could
he swamp Troubles, Inc. in a lot of un-
favorable publicity and wreck Ella’s be-
loved business?

  But that was sheer nonsense. He was
in the Army. Just the same she had bet-
ter do her best to straighten things out.

  At four-thirty, she got up from her desk
and did a thorough repair job on her face.
She peered at herself critically and won-
dered if a man would find her as pretty
as Sylvia Mead. Sylvia was the doll-
baby type. Gerry’s smoky gray eyes were
level and candid. Her coral lips had a
humorous quirk at the corners. And her
hair was just light brown.

  No, she decided with a sigh, a man
wouldn’t look at her with Sylvia around.

SHE began to feel very jittery as the
hands of the clock moved toward five.
He won’t come, she kept assuring herself.
And she felt just as scared that he
wouldn’t come as that he would.

  Then the door was thrust open and
there he was.

  "I’m here!” he announced, scowling.
“So you didn’t try to run away?”

  "I am not a fugitive from justice,” she
said haughtily. “Lieutenant—”

  “Cowell. Bruce Cowell.”

  “Lieutenant Cowell, you feel that an in-
justice has been done and I am more than
willing to investigate.”

  To her surprise he grinned, his blue
eyes crinkling at the corners. “Okay,”
he said. “We’ll declare an armistice.
We’ve got three hours to waste. Sylvia
won’t be home until after eight. And I’m
not going to let you out of my sight.
You’ve got to get my girl back for me—
tonight. After all I’m in the Army, and
orders for foreign service will be coming
up anyday now!”

  “Three hours?”

  “We’ll have cocktails and dinner.”
  “But—”

  There were no buts with this young
man. He had her by the arm and was
leading her out of the door. He put her
into a taxi and Gerry, peering out at the
crowds shoving into the subway entrance,
felt very superior.

  The restaurant he chose was one of the
very smartest, soft lights glowing and
soft music playing. They took a booth at
the side of the room and Bruce ordered
champagne cocktails. She had never had
a champagne cocktail. Jimmy always
bought beer.
106

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

  He lifted his glass. “Well, here’s to
your success—in persuading Sylvia in my
favor,” he said.

  Gerry looked at him. “You love her
very much, don’t you?”

  “One look at Sylvia and any man’s a
goner,” he said.

  Gerry felt irritated to think that even a
strong, sure man like Bruce Cowell would
fall for that baby-face. Men were saps
about women.

  “Sylvia’s like a soft purry kitten,” he
said. “When she curls up in your
arms—”

  The picture of Sylvia in his arms made
her furious. She wanted to throw some-
thing at him. It was such an unreason-
able emotion that she wondered what was
the matter with her. And there was some-
thing else that bothered her, too. He said
he might be ordered into foreign service.
That might mean Africa, Australia, or
someplace far away. Someplace where he
would be in constant danger!

  “How come,” he said suddenly, “that
you got this job, messing.into other peo-
ple's lives? Let ’em make their own mis-
takes. I’d like to see anyone tell me what
to do!”

  “I don’t suppose anybody could tell
you anything.” she murmured. “But mod-
ern life can be very confusing, especially
to girls who live alone. Why shouldn’t
they profit by Miss Eaton’s wisdom and
experience?”

  “And you think your precious Miss
Eaton has all the answers to happiness?”
“She has all the answers for good sense,
which goes a long way toward happiness.”
He smiled with amusement. “I suppose
you’ve got your life all down pat?” He
reached across the table and caught her
left hand, looked down at Jimmy’s signet
ring. “Is that an engagement ring?”

  “It is,” she said coolly, "until we can
afford a real one.”

  “So you’re engaged! He must be a
paragon among men,” he said mockingly.
“Why do you say that?”

  “Well, you don’t think I’m attractive
enough for a girl to want to marry and
actually, I’m way above average.”

  “Certainly in conceit anyway,” she said.
He just grinned at her. “I’ve got an
idea,” he said. "Let’s go some place
where we can dance.”

THEY danced while they were waiting
for their dinner. Bruce was a won-
derful dancer. It seemed to Gerry that
they were simply marvelous together. She
just fitted into his arms. She bet that
Sylvia Mead was too short for him. She
was three inches taller than Sylvia.

  He was very polite and agreeable, a
perfect host, but he didn’t seem to he
aware of her as a woman.

  This annoyed her. She didn't want him
to be so detached. She was falling for the
glamor of his money, of course. She could
sympathize with Sylvia Mead. No wonder
she was in a state of confusion, deciding
between this man and one who didn't have
as much as he had.

  A few minutes past eight he glanced at
his watch. They were just finishing their
coffee. “We’d better get going,” he said,
and she realized he hadn’t forgotten Syl-
via for one moment.

  They took a taxi to East Thirty-fifth
Street and Sylvia opened the door, look-
ing like Dresden china in a blue taffeta
house coat.

  “Why, Miss Palmer!” she said, her
eyes widening in astonishment when she
saw Gerry. “I didn’t know he was bring-
ing you.”

  “Miss Palmer feels that she was a little
hasty in her advice,” Bruce said. “She
has decided to have another talk with
you.”

  He took Gerry’s arm and led her firmly
into the room.

  A dark and handsome young ensign, a
very young man, not more than twenty-
two, rose out of a chair and glared at
Bruce.

  “Sylvia’s said she was going to marry
me,” he began furiously. “Will you get
that through your head, Cowell, and get
out of here before I have to throw you
out?”

  Goodness, Gerry thought, another
young man with a violent temper.

  Sylvia said, “Now, Dick, darling,
please.” She gave a deep sigh and turned
to Gerry. “We could be alone in the bed-
room,” she said.

  Gerry followed her into the bedroom,
wondering if it was safe to leave those
two young men together. She couldn’t
think of anything to say to Sylvia. She
suddenly felt very foolish.
TROUBLES. INC.

  “What am I going to do, Miss Pal-
mer?” the girl wailed. “When you told
me yesterday that I was really in love
with Dick I was so relieved. I thought I
wouldn't really mind being poor at all—
after the war. We’d be so happy because
we loved each other. Then when I told
Bruce he was so violent about it. It was
positively thrilling. I can’t bear to give
either of them up. And both of them might
be ordered into foreign service any day.”
Gerry said, “I think we’d better wait
until Miss Eaton comes back. This just
might be one of those cases where she’d
say not to marry either of them.”

  “What?” cried Sylvia, looking startled.
“You mean she might tell me not to marry
Dick?”

  “I don’t know,” Gerry said. “But
she’ll be back in a couple of days. And
she’ll know so much better than I would.”

THAT wasn’t exactly true. Gerry knew
what Ella’s answer would be. She
knew it with an awful cold certainty. Syl-
via found Bruce Cowell thrilling. She was
in love with him. Ella would tell her to

marry him. Gerry herself could have told
Sylvia right that moment. But somehow
she couldn’t get the words out. She
couldn’t tell Sylvia to marry Bruce. The
thought of their being married—

  She pulled herself up sharply. She re-
peated, “That’s the best thing to do—-wait
for Miss Eaton.”

  Sylvia opened the door to the living
room. She announced to the two men who
stood waiting, “I’ve decided to wait for
Miss Eaton’s return, before making my
decision.”

  Dick exploded. “You’re going to give
me an answer yes or no tomorrow, or
you’ll never see me again!” Pie grabbed
up his hat and slammed out of the door.

  Sylvia stared at the closed door and
suddenly burst into tears. “Oh, Bruce,”
she sobbed and went into his arms for
comfort. Bruce held her and patted her
shoulder.

  Gerry stood on one foot and then the
other, feeling embarrassed and miserably
alone. She finally said weakly, “Well,
I’ll be going.” And she rushed out.

  As she ran down the stairs she asked

HARIEY-DAVIDSON MOTOR COMPANY

Department ?P MILWAUKEE, WISCONSIN

Today, our entire efforts are devoted
to the production of military model
Harley -Davidsons — motorcycles that
stand up under the grueling punish*
ment of war. Tomorrow, when days of
peace return, we will be producing the
best Harley-Davidsons that money can
buy — rugged, dependable motor-
cycles for business, police and sport.
Asthma Mucus

Loosened First Day

For Thousands of Sufferers

 Choking, gasping, wheezing spasms of Bronchial Asth-
 ma ruin sleep and energy. Ingredients in the prescrip-
 tion Mendaco quickly circulate through the blood and
 commonly help loosen the thick strangling mucus the first
 day. thus aiding nature in palliating the terrible recur-
 ring choking spasms, and in promoting freer breathing
 and restful sleep. Mendaco is not a smoke, dope, or
 Injection. Just pleasant, tasteless palliating tablets that
 have helped thousands of sufferers. Iron clad guarantee—
 money back unless completely satisfactory. Ask your
 druggist for Mendaco today. Only 60c.

ANYPHOTOENtARGEB

  Size 8 x 10 Inches or •mailer If da-

  tirud. Same price for full length or
  bunt form, groups, landscapes, pet
  animals, etc., or enlargements of any'
  part of group picture. Safe return o?_ — _ _
  original photo guaranteed.	3 for $1.00

SEND NO MONEY

                          or snapshot

  (any size) and receive promptly your beautiful
  enlargement, guaranteed fadeieas. Pay postman 47c plus
  ccp'-iRH— or send 49c with order end wo pay postage. Big
  &6x2CMnch enlargoment sent C. O. D. ?8c plus poeta*o

  Bend 80c and wo pay poBtaae.TakeadvnntaKflO^tblaamaz-
       offor now. Send your photos today, bpeclfy size wanted.	mm—m

 STANDARD ART STUDIOS, 100 East Ohio St, Dept 583 C. Chicago

Hifih School Course

at Home

Many Finish in 2 Years

  Go as rapidly as your time and abllltlcs-pcrmlt. Course
  equivalent to resident school work—prepares for college
  entrance exams. Standard H.8. texts supplied. Diploma.

  Credit for H. S. Hobiects already completed. Single subjects if do-
  atrod. Eifrt> artKKil education ip very important for ndvonoement In
  boainew ontflndaatry nod socially. Don't bo handlcsivped oil your
  life. Bo o High School graduate. Start your training now. rnti
  Bulletin on request. No obligation,

lAlwrlcin School. Pot. H349. Drml at 58th, Chieaao

Be an ARTIS

 Yoa Can
 LeamTo__

 Trained Artists Are Capablo of Earning $30, $SO, $75
 Weekly. Many of our graduates are now enjoying sue-
 ccssful Art careers. By our practical method, famous <
 since 1014, we teach you COMMERCIAL ART, CARTOON- '

 INC AND ILLUSTRATING in ONE complete home study 01-, Xf'/ ,\
 Course. Two art outfits included with training. Write for
 details In FREE BOOK—"Art for Pleasure and Profit,” » ^
 exclains course and opporUmities tn Art. No obligation. State age.

STUDIO 993 F. WASHINGTON SCHOOL OF ART

Washington. D. C.

 Cnmi Mn UnnoulRush name and address foi

 senfl NO Money! b,g Assortment of POODS

 GROCERIES, SOAPS, Etc.-fu)l size package
 worth 85.00. Yours ABSOLUTELY FREE!
 8how these product* to friends, neighbors.
 Take orders for sensational values, more
 than 200 quality products used in every
 home. Earn big profits, full or spare time.

 No experience necessary. Write for FREE
 8ft.00 Assortment of Products NOW.
 ZANOL, 6409 Monmouth, Cincinnati, O.

don’t WOHRY

  Why put up with years of t ABOUT

  needless discomfort and
  worry? Try a Brooks Auto-
  matic Air Cushion. This
  marvelous appliance per-
  mits the opening to close,
  yet holds reducible rupture
  Becurely, comfortably—day
  and night. Thousands report amazing results.
  Light, neat-fitting. No hard pads or stiff springs
  to chafe or gouge. Made for men, women and
  children. Durable, cheap, Sant on trial to prove it.
  Never sold in stores. Beware of imitations. Write for
  Free Book on Rupture, no-risk trial order plan, and
  proof of results. All correspondence confidential.

  ESGQKS COMPANY, 159-F State St, Marshall" Mick
 108

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

 herself furiously, “Now what have I got
 to cry about?”

   She was just at the corner when Bruce
 caught up with her. “You got away aw-
 fully quick,” he said. “The least I can do
 is take you home.”

   She said, “You stay with Sylvia.”
 “Sylvia’s all wrought-up. She’s better
 off alone.” He took her arm and put her
 in a taxi, asking her address.

   Sinking down on the seat beside her,
 he said, “Well, you didn’t do so well for
 me either. We’re back where we started.”
 “Miss Eaton will tell her to marry you.
 I’m sure of that. I can see I made a mis-
 take.” She stared out of the window.

   “Did you?” he said. “Look,” he said
 suddenly, “would you do me a favor?”
 “Yes!”

   “You won’t get mad?”

   “Why should I?”

   She turned to look at him. He had
 moved close to her, his face was very
 close and very intent. She knew he was
 going to kiss her and that she ought to
 stop him, but somehow she was powerless.
 She could not take her eyes away from
 his.

   Then his arms pulled her close and he
 kissed her hard. For one sweet terrifying
 moment she pressed closer to him while
 everything inside of her seemed to be
 melting away in a giddy hungry ecstasy.
 Then he let her go. Her heart was pound-
 ing wildly. She was trembling and her
 cheeks were on fire.

   She said feebly, inanely, How—how
 dare you?”

   “You said you wouldn’t be mad.” He
 turned her face so that she had to look into
 his eyes. “Will you please tell me is the
 thrill you got from that kiss because of
 my bank account—or because I am a
 man?”

   She pushed away from him hard. “Who
 said it was a thrill?”

   “Oh, a man can always tell,” he said
 carelessly.

   “Well, you’re not so smart as you
 think! It didn't mean anything—anything
 at all to me, but I suppose it would to
 a girl who loved you. This is my house!”
 The taxi had stopped and she was out
 of the door before he could even move to
 open it for her. He ran up the steps after
TROUBLES, INC.

 her and firmly took her key from her and
 opened the door.

   "Lieutenant Cowell,” she said haught-
 ily. “Our business is over now. I’m sure
 Miss Eaton will tell Sylvia to marry you.”
 “But I don’t want a girl who has to be
 told to marry me. I want a girl who loves
 me so much she can’t help herself.”

   “Then keep kissing her, the way you
 just kissed me,” Gerry snapped, “and
 maybe she’ll marry you before Miss Eaton
 gets back.”

   “Oh,” he said brightly, “is that the way
 you felt about the kiss?”

   “I didn’t say / felt any way about it. I
 said she might.”

   She slammed the door in his face. She
 was out of breath and shaking as she
 reached her own apartment. And there
 stood Jimmy.

 Heavens! She had forgotten all about
 him and the dinner she cooked for him
 every night. He was looking very injured.
 “You might have called me,” he said.
 “Don’t tell me you haven’t eaten!”

   “Of course I haven’t.”

   “Honestly, Jimmy, you might have the
 sense to eat when I’m delayed on busi-
 ness.” She flung her hat down on a chair.

   “Business?” he said, lifting his brows
 a bit. “I know you drove up with a man
 —an Army officer. I suppose the uniform
 got you.”

   She said coldly. “Well, it still happens
 to have been business, uniform or no uni-
 form. Oh, Jimmy,” she said, suddenly
 flinging herself into his arms, “let’s be
 like we used to be. Let’s not have every-
 thing dead and dull between us like this.”
 “I guess I do seem pretty dull,” he said
 bitterly, “beside a man who can ride you
 around in taxis.”

   His words struck home. There it was
 again, the glamor of money versus the
 glamor of love.

 THE next morning she couldn’t seem
 to put her mind on her work. There
 were a lot of letters to answer but she
 didn’t seem to know the answers to any-
 thing. Ella phoned long distance and said
 that she would be back in the morning.

  Gerry hung up the phone and gazed
 across the room. Tomorrow Ella would
 be back to tell Sylvia to marry Lieutenant
 Bruce Cowell. She wondered if Bruce had

A

rt/Ji

           [WHEN THIS
           {HAPPENS

NOW—[jo you

you can Destroy
Vour 'Enemy Quick!

 BE A ONE-MAN BLITZ! Strike with
 Commando lightning! You don’t need
 ox-like muscles to use Super Ju Jitsu.
 most powerfu 1 of at 1 defense and attack
 methods. Technique is the deadly
 Becret. Braina count—not size, not
 strongta. Almost miraculously efficient.

Gain Self-Confidence

 KNOW how YOU can lick brutes
 twice your size with your bare hands

 only, even when they are ARMED
 with gun. knife, club. Get ready now

 for

 ones

■ --*.........XJCV iiauj nuw

any emergency—protect your loved...
Amazing aelf-atudy course teaches
yon double -quick. No boringexerciaea need'

igexerciaea needed.

FREE

 Send lor Exciting Details—Freel

               (Startling Low Price. Satis-
               faction Guaranteed or your
               _I mo^ytack. M ai I cou pon now.

 ■ NELSON CO., 500 Slurman Str..t

  | DEPT. C-513. CHICAGO, ILL.

  IPleMeramm. taw thelmnl-MttlnirdoWtaeboat
  Super Ju Jltou.” No obligation on mr [mit.

 I HAME

I ADDRESS__

START
$1260 to $2100 YEAR

 Franklin Institut*
 Dept. A176
 Rochester. N. Y.

THOUSANDS
APPOINTMENTS /

BEING MADE /

 m MFM u/AMr&i / Gentlemen: Rush to me,

 n Ev?.“:'!VOMEN * ,rF5EE of char*e' Ii8* of
 32 Page Civil Service	U. S. Government bis: pay

 Book—FREE	'° Jobs. Send FREE 32-page

 Prepare now at home <s book describing salaries, vaca-
 for 1943 Examinations o . tlon?- hours, work, etc. Tell me
 & how to qualify for one of these
 Mail Coupon . jobs.

 Today—

  I oday.
  SURE

Name

109
Gas on Stomach

          Relieved In 5 minutes or
          double your money back

  When races* stomach acid causes painful, suffocating gas. eonr
ttomscli and heartburn, doctors usually prescribe the fastest-acting
medicines known for symptomatic relief—medicines like those in
Bell-ans Tablets. No laxative. Bell-ans brings comfort In a llfTy or
double your money back on return of bottle to us. 25c everywhere.

MAGIC LIQUID MAKES

PHOTOS APPEAR

On Scarfs, Ties, Xmas Cards, Etc.

| Reprodnce any snapshot on cloth, UatXrr. wood, paper
Simply apply liauid. Like magic photo appear* within 2
1 minVt**Jn broad daylight. Harmless to negative. Won't,
wash off. Pull colors included. Complete kit for 800.
pnotes only 91. Send no money, jo«t name. Pay poot-
I man |1 plus few cents postage on delivery. (Canada.

91.86 money order only.) Order today.

111 M HI;. Co. Dept 2i7. 1M W. Pearl St

   NEW WRITERS NEEDED

FREE

  New writer* needed to re-write ideas
  in newspapers, magazine* and books.

  Splendid opportunity to "break into”
  fascinating writing field. May bring	c

  you up to 95.00 per hour spare time.

  Experience unnecessary. Write today for FREE
  details. NO OBLIGATION. Postcard will do.
  Comfort Writer's Service, Dept FLI72,St. Louis, Mo.

Protect Entire Family
for H a Month

     Certificate PayinoBenefits up to $1,000.00. P IJ PP

   Sent for FREE Inspection r IIIIII

     Covers accidental or natural death. No medical examina-
tion. Age limits 2 to 75 years. SEND NO MONEY—
just your name and address. No obligation. Nosalesman
will call. Postcard will do. Atlas Mutual Benofit Ass'n,
Dept. I8CS. Wllmlnoton, Delaware.

EXTERNALLY CAUSED

PIMPLES

Blackheads
Skin Irritations

A registered Nurse’s formula
having antiseptic and germi-
cidal properties is highly rec-
ommended to relieve skin ir-
ritation of externally caused
Pimples, aids In removing
Blackheads, helps to restore
the skin to good condition by
killing facial germs, promotes
healing, leaves the skin soft,
smooth and velvety. Full di-
rections oiven. Order treatment C. 0. D.. only J2 plus
postage, or send J2 and we will pay postage. A. MAR-
CELLUS CO.. P. 0. Box 7, Dept. 79, Station H..

     N. Y. C. NOTE: This treatment Is guaranteed or your
     money back.	copyright, 1942, by a. Marceiius co.

Free for Asthma
During Winter

  If you suffer with those terrible attacks of Asthma
when it is cold and damp; if raw. Wintry winds make
you choke as if each gasp for breath was the very last:
if restful sleep is impossible because of the struggle to
breathe ; if you feel the disease is slowly wearing your
life away, don't fail to send at once to the Frontier
Asthma Co. for a free trial of a remarkable method. No
matter where you live or whether you have any faith in
any remedy under the Sun. Bend for this free trial. If
you have suffered for a lifetime and tried everything you
could learn of without relief: even if you are utterly dis-
couraged. do not abandon hope but send today for this
free trial. It will cost you nothing. Address
Frontier Asthma Co.	109-K Frontier BIdg.

<62 Niagara Street,	Buffalo, New York

110

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

gone back to the baby doll last night. She
wondered if he had taken her advice and
kissed her.

  The telephone rang.

  “Hello!” said Bruce’s voice, very cheer-
fully. He had kissed Sylvia then; he had
persuaded her. Gerry closed her eyes
against the aching pain she felt.

  “I’m taking you out to dinner tonight,”
he announced.

  “But,” she said, “I told you I wasn’t
going to have anything more to do with
this business.”

  “Who said I was taking you out for
business? I’m taking you out because
I want to.” He hung up.

  She stared at the phone and then she
put it down slowly. She was feeling so
giddy that she had to catch hold of the
desk. He was taking her out because he
wanted to! She didn’t understand it.

  She understood it perfectly half an hour
later when Sylvia Mead called her.

  “I thought you’d want to know.” Syl-
via said excitedly, “Dick and I are leaving
for Maryland to be married tonight. He
has his orders, and there are only two
days left. I couldn’t bear losing Dick.
You were right all the time. He’s the one
I really love.”

  So that was the reason Bruce wanted to
see her. He had lost Sylvia. He wanted
to bawl her out again.

  She was ready when he came at five.
“Hello, beautiful!” he said, grinning.
He took her hands.

  She snatched them away from him.
“You must think I’m awfully dumb,” she
said. “Or else you don’t think I know
about your losing Sylvia.”

  “Losing Sylvia?” He sat down on the
edge of the desk and looked at her.

  “She called me about driving to Mary-
land with Dick tonight to marry him.”
“To marry him!”

  “She may have left a message for me
at the office but I wasn’t in all afternoon.”
He didn’t seem in the least disturbed.
“Don’t you—mind, Bruce?”

  He caught her hands and pulled her
over in front of him.

  “All I ever cared about Sylvia,” he
said, “was the competition. It's always
a challenge to me. Last night, the minute
she opened that door and I saw her be-
side you—why, she was suddenly nothing
TO MAKe THIS UNfQU£

1 A KET TO SHOP PRACTICE

I For Every Machinist, Tool-
maker. Machine Operator;
Draughtsman. Metal Worker.
Mechanlo or Student. Covers

TROUBLES, INC

3 in 1 RADIO TUNER

                     Postpaid

                                L Aerial Eliminator

                               2.	Antenna Tuner

                              3.	Wave Trap

 Eliminate hums, clicks, static caused by electrical appliances, rain,
 wind. etc. Replaces old, ineffective outside aerials. Move your radio
 anywhere. The 3 in 1 improves the reception of weak Htation*. sepa-
 rates Interfering stations, gives you greater volume and distance. Uses
 no power, lasts llfo of radio. Alto works on battery radios. Takes
 minute to connect. 5 DAY FREE TRIAL. SEND NO MONET. Simply
 pay Postman 91.00 plus few cents postage or wo will send postpaid
 for ooo dollar bill.

 Vogue Eliminator Co., 7759 S. Halstod, Dept. 1-410, Chicago.

Only $1.00

 but a cute little kid to me. There are
 dozens of them around. But you, Gerry
 —there is only one you! ”

  Her heart was beating hard. “You—
 seemed to like kissing her.”

   “She was fun to kiss. What pretty girl
 isn’t?” he demanded, grinning. “I’m only
 human. But kissing her was like kissing
 a kitten. And kissing you, Gerry, is like
 kissing a woman. A warm, alive, thrill-
 ing woman.” He drew her closer to him.
 “I couldn’t ever get enough of kissing
 you, Gerry,” he said huskily. “If you
 want to know the truth, I never kissed
 Sylvia the way I kissed you last night.”
 He suddenly lifted her left hand. He
 drew off Jimmy’s ring and he reached
 back for her bag which was lying on the
 desk, opened it and dropped the ring in-
 side. “You can give that back to him
 later,” he said calmly.

   She snatched the bag from him. “Give
 me that ring!” she said. “I’m engaged to
 Jimmy. I love him.”

   "Do you?” he said. His eyes searched
 hers. “We’re going to change your mind
 about that.”

   She thought he was going to kiss her,
 but he didn’t. It was a sharp disappoint-
 ment.

   “Come on,” he said. “We’re going to
 have an evening.”

   They certainly had an evening. Gerry
 iiad never been in so many famous places.
 She had never had such an exciting time
 with any man. But she held steadily to
 the thought that she had never had so
 much money spent on her before. Could
 she trust the thrill she felt when Bruce
 looked at her and smiled into her eyes?
 She wasn’t going to let herself be carried
 away by a man’s money.

   He didn’t kiss her good night, either,
 although she held her face up to him ex-
 pectantly. His fingers suddenly gripped
 ler shoulder hard. “Gerry, if you don’t
 ove me I don’t want to kiss you again.
 The less I have to remember, the better.”
 He turned away abruptly and went
 down the stairs.

GERRY went into her apartment,
dropped her coat and hat on a chair.
She thought, I love Jimmy. I must love
Jimmy. We’ve been engaged a year. I
can’t have changed so suddenly. It’s just

Bhop Practice In All Branches.

A READY REFERENCE

Tells How to Operate and Set

 Up Lathes. Screw and M
 Machines. Shancrs. J

 Machines, Shapers. Drill
 Presses and All Machine Tools.

 Ooeopstk

 Roforonc

 PER
Classified Advertising

“Small ads" -pay large returns. This magazine is put one
of a large group of fiction magazines read by millions of
people. Write to this magazine at tOa East /find Street,
New York City, for list and advertising rates covering com-
plete group.

___Agents Wanted___

We pay you S25 for selling fifty *1.00 assortments
Birthday, All Occasion cards. Tremendous demand.
Write for samples. It costs nothing to try. Cheerful
Card Co.. 9-A White Plains, N. Y.

         Educational__

CORRESPONDENCE COURSES and Belf-instruetion
books, slightly used. Sold. Rented. Exchanged. All sub-
jects. Satisfaction guaranteed. Cash paid for used courses.
Complete details and 84-page illustrated bargain catalog
FREE. Write Nelson Company, 500 Sherman, Dept.

C-218. Chicago._

___Female Help Wanted__

WEAR FREE DRESSES and earn up to $23 weekly
demonstrating latest dresses in your home. No investment
or experience required. Give age. dress size. FASHION
FROCKS, Desk 53029, Cincinnati, Ohio.

               For Inventors
PATENTS SECURED. Low cost. Book and advice
free. L. F. Randolph. Dept. 573, Washington. D. C.

_____MagazinesW anted_____

I WILL PAY a reasonable price for good copies of
BLACK MASK MAGAZINE, issues of 1920, 1921, 1922,
1923. Write me what you have. A. GIBNEY, 89-88th
St., Brooklyn, N. Y.

       Moneymaking Opportunities
"LEARN METASCIENCE: REMARKABLE DRUGLESS
Healing. No manipulation. No apparatus. Unbelievable
simplicity and results. Inexpensive correspondence course.
Write Metascience. DeLand. Florida.

Nurses Training School__

MAKE UP TO S25 — 985 WEEK as a trained prac-
tical nurse I Learn quickly at home. Booklet Free.
Chicago School of Nursing. Dept. D-2. Chicago.

           Old Money Wanted
WILL PAY *10.00 EACH FOR CERTAIN LINCOLN
pennies I Indianheads $50.00 ; Dimes *1,000.00. Illustrat-
ed catalogue 10c. Federal Coin Exchange, 2-PP, Colum-
bus, Ohio. _

We purchase all Indianhead pennies. Complete cata-
logue 10c. Waltman. 398 Broadway. New York.

             Patent Attorneys

INVENTORS: Learn now—without obligation—how to
protect and sell your invention. Secure "Patent Guide"
—Free. Write—CLARENCE A. O’BRIEN & HARVEY
JACOBSON, 326-C Adams Building, Washington. D. C.

Patents

“INVENTORS—PATENT YOUR ffJVENTION. Secure
book, "Protect, Finance and Sell Your Invention." No
obligation. McMORROW AND BERMAN, Registered
Patent Attorneys, 15,0-L Albee Building, Washington,

D. C.__

        Photo Finishing_____

ROLLS DEVELOPED — 25c coin. Two 5x7 Double
Weight Professional Enlargements. 8 Gloss Deckle Edge
Prints. CLUB PHOTO SERVICE. Dept, 16. La Crosse,

Wis._

           Poems—Songwriters
WANTED — Poems for musical setting. Submit for
consideration. Phonograph transcriptions made. Rhym-
ing Pamphlet FREE. Keenan's Studio, P. Box 2140,

Bridgeport, Conn. ________ _

SONGWRITERS: We offer complete service. Melody
writing, recording, radio broadcast, marketing. Screen-

land Recorders, Box 1247F, Hollywood. Calif.___

SON (IS—SONG POEMS WANTED. NO CHARGE for
melodies. Marketing service. Hollywood Recording Stu-
dios, K7D24 Preuss Sta.. Los Angeles.___

SONGWRITERS: Send poem for Immediate Considera-
tion and FREE Rhyming Dictionary. RICHARD BROTH-
ERS. 30_ Woods Building, Chicago;_

SONG POEMS WANTED. Free examination. Send
poems. McNeil. Master of Music, 610-A South Alexan-
dria, Los Armeies, C.aiif,

112

NEW LOVE MAGAZINE

the glamor of the money. It was true about
Sylvia and it must be true about me.

She decided to write a letter to Ella.

She wrote steadily for ten minutes,
signed a fictitious name and address.

    In the morning she took the letter
 along with several others into Ella. “It’s
 certainly nice to have you back,” she said.
 “That one on the top seems sort of—
 urgent. I wish vou’d look at it.”

“All right, I’ll look at it,” Ella said.

    She knew what Ella’s answer would be.
 She knew she was going to have to tell
 Bruce no. Ella’s advice was always right.

    It was almost noon when Ella called
 her in. “I made some notes on that let-
 ter,” she said. “You can put them into
 the answer.

    Gerry's mouth felt very dry. “All—
 right,” she said. She took the notes and
 folded them and went back to her desk.

     She couldn’t bring herself to read them.
 She couldn’t. They’d be so—final. She
 suddenly thrust them into her bag.

Her knees were shaking when sbe

 £ASY WAY....

  iBET BJLJLCK t

    This remarkable CAKE discovery,

TINTZ Jet Black Shampoo, washes out
dirt, loose dandruff, grease, grime and
safely gives hair* real smooth IE! BUCK
TIKI that fairly glows with life and lustre.

I>on'tputup with faded dull, burnt, off color hair
a minute longer, TINT/, Jet Black Coke works
gradual... each shampoo leaves your hair blacker, lovelier, softer,
easier to manage. No dyed look. Won’t hurt permanents. Pull cake
60c (3 for $1). TINTZ comes in Jet Block, light, medium and dark
Brown, Titian, and Blonde. Order today! State shade wanted.

BEK® MQ IMG&S

ance of salisfnction in 7 days or your money back. (We Pay Poetago
If remittance comes with order. 1 Don't wait-Write today to,

  TtKIZ COMPANY. Dept. 89-0. 207 N. MICHIGAN, CHICAGO

CANADIAN OFFICE: Dopt. 89-0, 22 College St., Toronto

Classified Advertising

(Continued)

SONGWRITERS—Write for free booklet. Profit Shar-
ing Plan. Allied Songs, 204 East Fourth, Cincinnati, Ohio.

 Poems set to music by HIT WRITER 1 SONG SERV-
 ICE, 545 b ifth Avenue. New York. _

 POEMS WANTED FOR MUSICAL SETTING7-Five
 Star Music Masters, 620 Beacon Building, Boston.

 SONGWRITERS: Send poems for offer and FREE
 Rhyming Dictionary. Phonograph records made. Vander-
 bilt Studios, Box 112-FN. Coney Island, N. Y.

       Schools_________

  Medical Laboratory Technicians in great demand. We
  train you in your spare time, in your own home. You
  can practice while studying. Write for Free catalogue.
  IMPERIAL TECHNICAL INSTITUTE, Box 973-D, Aus-
  tin, Texas.
TROUBLES, INC.

walked into the restaurant at one to meet
Bruce. Her heart was beating very hard.

  Then she saw his face coming toward
her and she knew she couldn't say no. She
knew that all the good sensible advice in
the world wasn’t going to keep her from
marrying him. It might be just the money,
but she simply couldn't give him up.

  He seemed to know it the minute he
looked into her eyes. He said, “Gerry!”
huskily, and right there in front of every-
body he took her into his arms and kissed
her.

  A little while later they sat at a small
table against the wall. They were holding
hands across the table and not paying
much attention to their food.

  Gerry laughed suddenly. “You’ll be
glad to know,” she said, “that you’re get-
ting a girl who loves you so much she's
going against everybody’s advice.”

  “Did Miss Eaton advise you against
me?” he said.

  She opened her bag and handed him
the notes. He scanned them quickly and
then he chuckled. “I’m afraid I’ve been
all wrong about your Miss Eaton,” he
said. “Didn’t you read these?”

  She shook her head. “It didn’t matter
what anybody told me to do, Bruce.”

  He handed her the notes. “Read them.”
“Why this girl is so muddled up I don’t
understand,” Ella had written. “She’s
suffering from a guilty conscience about
this man she’s been engaged to for so long.
Everything she writes about him shows
him up to be one horrible weakling. The
other man appears to be strong and con-
fident. What’s his money got to do with
it? Tell her to marry him and count her
blessings.”

  Gerry lifted her eyes and looked at
Bruce. “But Bruce, she always tells them
to marry the poor man. That’s just
routine stuff.”

  “Not unless they’re in love with him, it
seems. Why were you so sure she’d tell
Sylvia to marry me?”

  Gerry hesitated. “Well, I guess even
then I was sure that you were the right
mafi for anybody to marry.”

  “Oh, no,” he said. “Not anybody. Just
you, darling.”

AMERICAN

* COMMANDO FIGHTING *

Learn American Jiu Jitsu. Be a winner in clean or
dirty fighting where it means do or die. rear no man.
club, knife or gun. A complete course by the world's
most famous Jiu Jitsu instructor. He has personally
taught many in the U. S. Army, Navy. Marine. National
Guard. Coast Guard. R.O.T.C., Customs. Immigration
Border Patrol, peace officers, civilians, in U.S. & Canada.

BOOK NO. 1. A Course on knockout blows. Just a jab I
with tip of fingers or strike with edge of hand at numerous I
nerve pressure points. 52 Photographic illustrations. I
^SECRET KNOCK OUT BLOWS ind DEATH BLOWS
«*wAB0VE the WAIST WITHOUT the USE OF FISTS
BOOK NO. 2. A course on a series of Come Along |

Holds that will enable you to subdue and hold any <
man with ease. With 45 Photographic illustrations 50c 4
BOOK NO. 3. A Course of shaking down the Gunman, j
shows how you can approach, search and disarm persons 7
so they can t disarm you regardless of how much they f

know of any jiu jitsu methods. 51 illustrations......._..J50c

BOOK NO. 4. The latest in disarming persons with guns, knives Of
clubs; defense against any kind of foul attack. How to do dirty in-
fighting, where it means your life. 108 pages. 1S1 illustrations------ft.00

You can have the complete set for only $2.00. postpaid, or sent
C.O.D. plus postage in U.S.A. only. Send the four books on these
latest methods of hand-to-hand fighting to a fighting man today.
THE ALLIED ARMED FORCES EMPLOY MY METHODS
3. J. JORGENSEN,	880 Maritime Bldf., Seattle. Wash.

RUPTURED Esr&KJ

rprr-See this Amazing New Discovery

lllEik Why suffer with rupture? You need never wear
your truss again! You will be amazed at the wonderful
successful results. See how this discovery works. FREE.
Positively costs you nothing. No obligation. Just fill in and

-----MAIL COUPON TODAY!-----,

I PNEUMATIC INSTITUTE C0..103 Park Ave., New York ,

■	Send mo tree under plain seal and wrapper "AmMtos N«W Dlaeorerr.' ■
| This places ms undsr do obligation to boy.

■	Num.----——————————------ j

COMMANDO

"ytUCitaAAf	Sho€A-y7

Crash through to biggest shoo
profits in years with sensational
new soft-as-glovo leather Mili-
tary Shoes for Mon of Action—
also hundreds of other fast-
selling styles for men and wom-
en. for dress, work, sport. Rush
name and address for FREE SAMPLE OUTFIT, and Tested Sales Plans.
VICTOR THOMAS SHOE CO., Dept. V-84. 810 W. Van Suren St.,
Chicago, III.

FREE

MUSIC

LESSONS

Now-learn to play a tune on your fav-
orite instrument In 7 easy lesson*-
right at home! No special talent need-
ed! Win FAME. SUCCESS. POPULARITY. Name Instrument you want
to play. Plano. Accordion, Guitar. Saxophone, Mandolin, Banjo. Clar-
inet. Trumpot, Cornet, Voice, Violin, otc.

Fnrr nrrrn< Send $1.00 for first 5 lessons. We send lea-
Htt UrrtK. sons 6 and 7 FREE of extra cost! All 7
lessons for SI-00. Act now! FREE catalog on request.

NATIONAL ACADEMY OF MUSIC, £% ^V-'n.

               Fit Your Abilities
               T oThe Opportunities

    You have unused talents
    and mental powers. Learn to
    develop those faculties of mind
    which today's world of business
    demands. Start life anew—with-
    out changing your affairs. Write
    the Rosicrucians for free Sealed
    Book telling how you may receive age-old
    teachings to achieve personal power.
    Address: Scribe K.M.T.

Jht BQ3ICRUCIANS, (Amorc) • San Jose, CalH.

113
Become a Draftsman!

-s v*« ^°wV

\ o *•—»

 Mech*nica,
 Avi*tioa

 Sit

tural

ttc*«*ral

ShiPiuiJdi

nS

COUPON FOR COMPLETE INFORMATION - ON LOW
COST, MODERN METHODS, PERSON^ .NSTRUCT.ON !

Help your country to VICTORY * Help yourself to SUCCESS!

INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

HELPING TO TRAIN AMERICANS FOR VICTORY

 BOX 3279-L, SCRANTON, PENNA.

 Without cost or obligation, please send me booklet and full particulars about
 the course before which I have marked X:

                             TECHNICAL AND INDUSTRIAL COURSES

 □	Contra/*time and Building

 □	Cotton Manufacturing

 D Air Brake

□	Air Conditioning	___________________

 □	Airplane Drafting	□ Diesel Engines

 □	Architectural Drafting	D Electrical Drafting

 □	Architecture	□ Electrical Engineering

 □	Auto Engine Tune-up	□ Electrician

 D Auto Technician	□ Electric Lighting

 □	Aviation □ Aviation Mechanic □ Found ryman □ Heating

t of Metals

 □ Sanitary E«

  PractSoe
  Steam Ensinea

 □	Blueprint Reading

 □	Boilermaking
 P Bridge Engineering

 □	Chemistry □ Coal Mining

 □	Civil Engineering

 □	Concrcto Engineering

 □	Accounting □ Advertising

 □	Bookkeeping

 □	Business Correspondence

 □	Bun none Management
          iug QC

 □	Heat Treatment

 □	Highway Engineering
 O llouoe Planning

  □	Industrial Metallurgy.

 □	Locomotive Engineer
 D Machinist □ Inspector

 U Cartooning

 J Civil Service

 □	Commercial Illustrating

 □	Cost Aocounting

 □	C. P. Accounting

       □	Management of Inventions

       □	Marine Engines
       G Mechanical Drafting
       1~1 Mechanical Engineering
       D Mine Foreman

      □	Navigation □ PattemmSldng
      O Plan ties □ Plumbing
      D Public Works Engineering

       □	Pulp and Paper Making

       □	Radio, General

       □	Radio Operating

       □	Radio Servicing

  □	R. R. Section Foreman	i_i ** wunm, um uu woui

       □	R. R. Signalman Q Refrigeration □ Woolen Manufacturing
 BUSINESS COURSES

     □	First Year College	O Railway Postal Clerk

     □	Foremanship □ French	□ Salesmanship

D Secretarial	□ Spanlah

□ Showcard and Sign Lettering

 J Sheet Metal .

 O Ship Drafting

 □	Shipfitting □

 D Steam Electric

 □	Steam Fitting

  g Structural Drafting
  Structural Engineering

 □	Surveying and Mapping

 □	Telegraphy □ Telephony
 O Textile Designing

 D Tool making □ Tool Deaign

 □	Welding, Gas and Eiectrio

 □ Advanced Dressmaking
 P Foods and Cookery

              isnship
              O Good English

□	High School

□	Managing Men at Work

HOME ECONOMICS COURSES

 Homo Dressmaking

Professional Dressmaking and Designing

P Traffic MnnagAirn-nfc

 O Tea Room and Cafeteria
 Management, Catering

 ■Age..

 ....Address..

 cm,..

Stotti...............................Present Position......

Canadian residents send coupon to International Correspondence Schools Canadian, Limited, Montreal^ Canada
British residents send coupon to I. C. S., 71 Kinosycau. London, W. 0. t, England

114
3 big volumes. 8V4 by 11 inches. Hundreds of subject listings in handy index. Hundreds
of pictures and diagrams. Handsomely bound in Harvard Red and Gold Leatherette.

AMAZING NEW WAY TO

LECTRICITY

AT HOME!

 AT LAST! A set of electrical books written
    in clear, plain, understandable language
    for the “beginner" or "o/d timer.”
    Solves your everyday electrical prob-
    lems easily, quickly, and thoroughly.

If You Are In Any of These Classifications
-You Need This Electrical Encyclopedia

NO AMOUNT OF MONEY can rcplacc
today’s precious electrical devices—re-
frigerators. toasters, irons, professional
equipment, light and heating equipment,
etc. Keep them running with the help
of these great books. EASY. PRACTI-
CAL. SAVE TIME. MONEY. EQUIP-
MENT. Invaluable to—

HOME OWNERS—Save DOLLARS on
household repairs. Easy to understand.
DOCTORS—Know how to make repairs
on your precious equipment.
TEACHERS—A handy guide that an-
swers every student’s questions.

HANDI-CRAFTSMEN—Know howto

wire your own handicraft.

ELECTRICIANS—Helps you earn more
money. Explains ALL electrical jobs.
SOLDIERS. SAILORS—Train your-
self to be eligible for higher ratings.
WAR INDUSTRY WORKERS—Helps
you prepare for good-pay electrical jobs.
PART-TIME ELECTRICIANS —

Know how to make more difficult repairs.
WOMEN—With many* Electricians in
vital war work, you can learn to make
many of your OWN repairs.
SALESMEN—Answers your questions
on Electrical subjects.

LIBRARIANS — Every well-equipped
technical shelf requires these guides.
FARMERS—Keep your equipment run-
ning. Save money.

DENTISTS—Save time and money by
repairing valuable equipment yourself.
Whatever your line of work, you may
at times have to make electrical repairs.
You can't afford to be without this

practical Electrical Workers' Ency-
clopedia. NOT AVAILABLE IN
BOOK STORES. Mail coupon NOW!

EARN Mvuz MONEY!

 Now, at last, it’s EASY. PRACTICAL to
 get a knowledge of Electricity at home. Let
 this creat COYNE ELECTRICAL ENCY-
 CLOPEDIA help to prepare you for a good-
 pay electrical job in war industry or in the
 service. It teaches you EASY JOBS FIRST.
 Then you go on. step by step, to more
 difficult jobs. Before you know it. you can
 have a knowledge of complicated repairs
 and electrical equipment. After you have
 read the set. keep the books where you
 can refer to them. Skilled Electricians
 everywhere now use these great books ON
 THE JOB as ready-reference guides.

RADIO-TELEVISION

INCLUDED

 Covers EVERYTHING ELECTRICAL
 from magnetism and signal systems to arm-
 ature winding, A.C. and D.C. motors, gen-
 erators. electronics, automotive electricity,
 refrigeration, Diesel electricity, telephones,
 etc. . . . also includes Radio and Tele-

  vision. Tells how to build,
  troubleshoot, make re-
  pairs. Easy-to-understand
  words TELL how each job
  is done. Plenty of pic-
  tures and simple diagrams
  SHOW how it’s done.
  YOUR ELECTRICAL
  AND RADIO QUES-
  TIONS answered quickly,
  completely, clearly and in
  simple language.

  This is not a correspondence course. No
written lessons or examinations or tests
to be sent in. You study at home when
you have the time and it will always serve
as a reference set when you want to look up
any electrical problem.

FREE WITH ENCYCLOPEDIA

One year of personal technical service
by mail. IF YOU ACT NOW. we'll include
a Certificate entitling you to 1 year of
Technical Service.

7 DAYS FREE EXAMINATION

You don't have to risk a penny. To get

your set promptly, just mail coupon. Ex-
amine the three big volumes for 7 days. If
at the end of that time you don’t agree
they're the best practical electrical set
you ever saw regardless of price, then re-
turn the books and YOU WON'T OWE A
CENT. If you decide to keep them, just
send $3 after 7 days and $3 a month until
the advertised price of $12.00 is paid. We
pay all shipping charges.Mail the coupon
now. ACT TODAY!

H. C. LEWIS. President

COYNE ELECTRICAL SCHOOL	...	I

500 S. Paulina St.. Dept. 33-R 7, Chicago, 111

  Send me the big 3-volume Coyne Electrical Reference
and Instruction Encyclopedia. Within 7 days after receiving
the books. I'll either return them or send you $3. and $3 a
month until advertised price of $12.00 is paid. We pay
the shipping charges.

NAME.

ADDRESS.

 CITY.

                    .STATE.

H. C. LEWIS. President

COYNE ELECTRICAL SCHOOL

500 South Paulina Street Dept. 33-R 7 Chicago, III.

OCCUPATION.........................AGE........

C AVE 100? Send cash price. *10.80. with
Cl 1U/S• order If preferred — you save
$1.20. Same 7-day free trial and return privilege.
              DO YOU KNOW...
   that Cape Cod deflects the Gulf Stream so
   that the fish south of it are southern types
   and those on the other side entirely different?

A Whale of a Difference!

         You needn't flounder all around
         To find a drink that's right —

          Just catch yourself the king of blends . . .

          Say "Kessler's, please"—tonight I
          There's sure a whale of difference
          In Kessler's flavor, son —

          So smooth an' rich an' silky,

         That it's Whiskey Number One!

BLENDED WHISKEY

KESSLER’S private blend. 75% Grain Neutral Spirits. 85 Proof. Julius Kessler Distilling Co., Inc., Lawrenceburg, Ind.