15 CENT6

►

 DEC. 20.
 191 <b
I

A Xmas Present for All the Year

~tjU[ \ i.

 Popular Reader:

        Surely you know of some one who would enjoy this magazine as much
  as you do yourself. Then why not send it to him, or her, for a year? Here
  is your best chance. And do not hesitate or delay. Should you take up the
  idea, we will be glad to send, with the first number to your friend, a handsome
  card, a facsimile of which is given above, bearing your name. The POPULAR
  makes a first-rate Christmas present. Try it out!

                                     Editor of Popular Magazine.
TilE POPfiJLA R MAGAZWW-ADVERTISER

BESSIE EYTON—Selig Star

Writes: “Crhne Mignon is concentrated Roses
and Sunshine—refreshing and efficient."

 WON’T you cfive us the opportunity to prove to you why
 Creme Mignon—tue Perfect Cold Cream is recom-
 mended by tJuk most beautiful women of the state and
 err ei n— why ».r£me Miynon is the favorite cream of New
 York’s Society Women?

DON’T ENVY A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN

 Tvlun a few minutes time at night with Creme Mignon
 win bring- to your face the same ro^y glow of youth
 find perfect health—the appealing freshness and charm to
 which every woman is entitled. Carelessness alone is re-
 snonsible for a sallow complexion, unsightly blotches and a
 tired, drawn face. It is easy to make your friends proud of
 you. Can yuu afford not to ?

OUR GUARANTEE

 of satisfaol ion or money returned means this* To readers of
 Popular Maoazine w ho will remit 50c.; in stamps or
 coin, wt- will send, prepaid, a targ^e jar of Cr6nie Mignon. If
 this cream does not refresh, and improve vour complexion
 better than any cream, or lotion you have ever used, we
 will, upon receipt of the jar—whether full or empty—im-
 mediately return your fifty cents. We guarantee this to
 you and to the publishers of Popular. Magazine.

CREME MIGNON CO.,540 W. 165lh St., New York City

SPECIAL OFFER

 to rnnrlors of Popular Magazine. W© will mail, on
 receipt of 26c., a beautiful Aluminum Box, Purse
 Size, containing* Creme Mignon and Clair Mignon Com-
 plexion Powder—enough for two or three weeks. Write
 t 'day. This offer is presented ;«t a great loss for a short
 time only, to prove the wonderful value of the Million
 Products. Lar^e jar of Creme Mignon 50c. postpaid.

GET RID
OF THAT

FAT

       PRHe TRIAL, TREATMENT

               Sent on request Askformy “pay-when-reduced’*
               offer. My treatment has reduced at the rate of a pound
               a day. No dieting, no exercise, absolutely safe and
               sure method. Let me send you proof at *ny expense.
               DfZ* ft. NEWMAN, Licensed Physician,
               State New York, 286 Fifth Avenue, New York, Desk C-46

              A GIFT THAT IS SURE TO PLEASE

THE “VULCAN” INK PENCIL

  Last3 a lifetime. Guaranteed. Madenoht to wn-tc-right, Absolutely non-leakable.

Name or Greeting in Gold Inlay, 35c«

Rad or black. By maila SI. Long or short.

J. A. ULLRICH & CO.	27 THAMES STREET, NEW YORK

FREE

BOOK ^OF GOV’T JOBS

  Tells how American Citizens IS or over can qualify for U. S.

  Bositions paying $75 to $150 monthly to begin with.

  Inlimited possibilities for advancement.

  Easy work. Short hours. Sure vacations
  with full pay. No strikes. Lifetime
  positions. Ordinary education sufficient.

 WRITE! Don’t be content withpoor-

 paymg, uncertain job when Uncle Sam
 offers you steady, well paying position in
 Railway Mail Service, Post Office, Custom
 House or at Panama Canal, Let former U.

  S. Civil Service Sec’y-Examiner prepare

  Sou for examination. Write for beautiful
  ook.— Free. Patterson Civil Service
  School, 312 News Bids., Rochester, N. Y,

v*ov/'

  ft,**0"-!

“What y’ Doin'
Now, Bill?”

      You don’t have to ask that question
   of a trained man, because you know
   his position is a permanent one—that he
   is not at the mercy of conditions that
   affect the untrained man.

       You can always be Bure of a good position
    and a good salary if you have the special
    training that puts and keeps you in demand.
    The International Correspondence Schools
    will bring special training to you, no matter
    where you live, or how little spare time or
    spare cash you have.

      To learn how the I. C. S. can help you,
    and how you can easily qualify for success in
    your chosen occupation, mark and mail the
    attached coupon today. Doing so costs you
    only the postage. You assume no obligation.

    If you think you’re ambitious, marking the
    coupon will prove it. Do it NOW.

I. G. S.. Box 3277. Scranton, Fa.

— — — — — — . T*»n out HIM *”	— ——-

I INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

J	Box 3277, SCRANTON, PA.

 I Explain, without obligating me, how I can qualify for the position,
 1 or in the subject, before which I mark X.

 ID ELECTRICAL ENGINEER	□ SALESMANSHIP

“I Electric Lishtinz	□ ADVERTISING MAN

                                 Window Trimmer
                                 Show Card Writer
                                 Outdoor Sign Painter
                                 RAILROADER
                                 ILLUSTRATOR.
                                 DESIGNER
                                 BOOKKEEPER
                                 Stenographer and Typist
                                 Cert. Public Accountant
                                 Railway Accountant
                                 Commercial Law
                                 GOOD ENGLISH
                                 Teacher

                                     Common School Subject*
                                     CIVIL SERVICE
                                     Railway Mail Clerk
                                     AGRICULTURE
                                     Textile Overseer orfSupt.

Navigator	Q Spanish

Poultry Raising1	I I German,

AUTOMOBILES	□ Trench

                                            Auto Repairing'	□ Italian

Name__

 Occupation
 & Employer.

 Street

 and No._

“ ELECTRICAL ENGINEER         
  Electric Lighting           
  Electric Car Running        
  Electric Wiring             
  Telegraph Expert            
  Practical Telephony         
  MECHANICAL ENGINEER         
  Mechanical Draftsman        
  Machine Shop Practice       
  Gas Engineer                
  CIVIL ENGINEER              
  Surveying and Mapping       
  MINE FOREMAN OR ENGINEER    
  Metallurgist or Prospector  
  STATIONARY ENGINEER         
  Marine Engineer             
  ARCHITECT                   
  Contractor and Builder      
  Architectural Draftsman     
= Concrete Builder            
  Structural Engineer         
  PLUMBING AND HEATING        
_ Sheet Metal Worker'         
  CHEMICAL ENGINEER           
 City_

 . State_

 If name oi Course you wanbis not ia this list, write- it beiuw.

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING

           Agents and Help Wanted                          Art School                Patents and Lawyers---Continued.      
MEN OF IDEAS :md Inventive                   LEARN TO DRAW! Big demand               PATENTS T HAT PROTECT                 
ability. New list of “Needed Inven¬          for illustrators, cartoonists, design¬  AND PAY. Advice and books             
tions,” "Patent Buyers," and “How            ers, Personal instruction. Artist's     free. Highest references. Best        
toGetYour Patent and Vnnr Money.”            Outfit Free. Send for illustrated book. results. Promptness assured. Send     
Randolph A Co.. nept. 63, Wash., D. C.       Washington School of Art, 961 F         sketch or model for search.           
MAKE LARGE ANNUAL IN¬                        
COME with a small Mail Order                 
              Typewriters               IDEAS WAN 1 El>---Manufactuiers       
                                        are writing for patents procured      
                                        through me. Three books with list     
                                        hundreds of Inventions wanted sent    
                                        free. I help you market your Inven¬   
AGENTS---SliLL "ZANOI." CON¬                 TYPEWRITERS, all makes factory          
CENTRATED EXTRACTS lor mak-                  rebuilt by famous “Young Process.”      
               Authors                
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                      
WANTED---Stories, articles, poems,    
etc. We pay on acceptance. Offers     
submitted. Send Mss. to Cosmos        
Magazine. 994 Washington, D. C.       
                                      
        Motion Picture Plays          
          Patents and Lawyers           
WE accept scripts In any form; cor¬   
rect Free: sell on Commission. Big    
Rewards! Make Money. Write us.        
Writer’s Service, Box 14.Auburn.N.Y.  
                                      
PATENTS---Write for How To Ob¬          
tain a Patent. List of Patent Buyers    
and Inventions Wanted. $1,000,000 In    
prizes offered for inventions. Send     
sketch for free opinion as to patent¬   
                 Song Poems                  £50---S100 weekly writing MovingPic-  
SONG WRITERS “ Key to Suc¬                   ture Plays. Get free book; valuable   
cess” Sent Free! We compose and              Information; prize offer. Photo Play¬ 
facilitate Iree publication or outright      wright College, Box 278 P20, Chicago. 
WRITE for Free Catalog of best        
books on writing and selling photo¬   
plays, short stories, poems. Atlas    
Publishing Company, 813, Cincinnati.  
-■'!■	1'	II	II	■'	■' ll

2,125,000 READERS [

We make it possible to reach them at the rate of $6.30 a line in the Classified
- Columns of SMITH’S, POPULAR, ALL AROUND, AINSLEE’S, PEOPLE’S, f
TOP-NOTCH, and PICTURE-PLAY MAGAZINES. Space accepted not less
; than four nor more than thirty lines. Five average words to the line. No ;
display. Uniform type, except first few words, which may be in caps.
Write for rate card giving separate rates and combination; also closing dates.

=j POPULAR MAGAZINE, 79 SEVENTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY
-—- -i—	ir	ii----------- ii________ _ii.....— ii .........-ii	ii—if

  Keep in tune with the Ii
  - uddfc men lo pay, yo

DIRECT FROM MAKER

              es, buy wholesale, save O-N-E-H-A-L F. Any Diamond you choose, no
              get Price, Quality and your money's worth. Send to-day for your

 SOLID 14 K GOLD WATCH I	.“pWrfr™'

12 iize. 1 7 jew. Illinois mvt. Solid gold Wal- I	Prmle**. Full money b*A _e.ua

   demar chain.&cbd gold Knife, retail pr.ce $42.30

30 d*y» if nat wtiafaelory. DO IT^NOW
WE RETAIL AT WHOLESALE PRICES

S.RAIVES & CO. EST.26YRS.
1366 FIFTH AVE..NEWYORK.

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
“THE SHERIFF OF SACATONE”

The rapid-fire action complete novel in the next issue is by Frederick R. Bechdolt
      VOLUME XLI11	_ NUMBER 1

     A FOURFOLD GAME. A Complete Xovel,	.	J. Frank Davis ,

              In the hands of these four men. portrayed in this story, are the ends of political and
                   diplomatic threads that run to and fro acros.s all the kingdoms and republics
                   and principalities of the earth; and the threads in this particular instance cross
                   and tangle in Mexico.

     BONITA. A Sliort Story, ...... Henry Herbert Knibbs

             A Christinas episode In the tumultuous life of Overland Red.

    IT’S BAD LUCK. A Short Story,	H. C. Witwer

             Showing how superstition may prove a powerful ally in the squared circle.

      THE PHANTOM U-BOAT. A Four-I’art Story—Part IL Roy Norton

The personal narrative of a modern pirate who uses a monster submarine for his
depredations on the high seas.

ABLE SEAMAN PEGG. Verse,

 Berton Braley

 156

ONE CHRISTMAS. A Short Story.....Bertrand W. Sinclair .

     Fairly smothered under scads of money not his. is it any wonder he was tempted
         to help himself, especially when lie wanted the sirl so badly ?

VIRUS X. A Short Story, ...... Robert Welles Ritchie

Again the ‘‘Incomparables” attempt a new and singular crime based on hygiene
and bacilli.

CAUGHT IN THE NET. Editorials,	.The Editor .	.169

    Brotherhood. The Government's Unused Treasures. Iiheims.

SEA PLUNDER. A Series, ...... Henry de Vere Stacpoole . 173

    IV.—Avalon Bay.

RIMROCK JONES. A Five-Part Story—Part IV.	Dane Coofidge .	182

.Like steel to the magnet, Rimrock 11 ys to the big city, and shows himself to bo
just as powerful as any other mote gripped by that irresistible influence.

THE BELL. A Short Story, ..... Arthur Stringer .

    An answer to the Question: “What would happen if you knew you were the last
         human being alive in the world and you were sitting alone in your study,
         and suddenly the doorbell rang ? ”

 Twice a-Month Publication Issued by STREET & SMITH. 7V-89 Seventh Avenue, New York, Ormohd G. Smith and Ueorgeu*
 Soiu.i, Proprietora, Copyright, 191$, by Street & Smith, New York. Copyright, 1916* by Street & Smith, Great Britain. AU Right*
 Reserved* Publishers everywhere are cautioned ag-ainet using: any of the contents of thin Magazine either wholly or in part. Entered at
 New York PostOfbce as Second-class Matter, under Act of Congress of March 3, 1879. Canadian Subscription, £4.52. Foreign, $6.24.

           WARNING—l)o not subscribe through agents unknown to you. Complaint! art daily made by persons bare been thus tictimiied.
  mPORTANT-^AutborS, agents and publishers are requested to not# that this firm does not bold itself responsible for loss of unsolicited manuscripts while p*
  this office ot Is transit; asd that it cannot under&ko to hold uncalled for manuscripts for a longer period than six months. If th« return of manuscripts Is

•xpwted, postage should t* 5 trttoMd.

 201

LJtARLY SUBSCMFfl01*^^

to?®!*

COPIES 15 Cen**.

NEXT POPULAR ON SALE JANUARY 7th
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

1PP

Take this gift of good
tobacco
As a pledge of friendship
true,

In its fragrance find good
    wishes

That the giver sends to
    you.

And may nothing come
between us
But the smoke as it
ascends—

May the friendliness in
VELVET
Make us ever warmer
friends.

                      VELVET Holiday
                      Humidors have the new
                      convenient ash tray top

            Only Nature
Gan Make Tobacco Friendly

'X 7^ELVET is the best Kentucky Burley tobacco, rael-
* lowed and improved by two years’ ageing in wooden
hogsheads—Nature’s own method, the patient method, the
most expensive method, but the best method known to man.

Pipe smokers tell us that by comparison and every
test VELVET is superior tobacco, and the Inter-
national Jury of the Panama-Pacific International
Exposition awarded the GRAND PRIX to
VELVET, the highest award ever given to any
smoking tobacco.

A Holiday Humidor of VELVET expresses your
Christmas greetings in the very symbol of good-will—the
best of good tobacco.

Gy.

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

VOL. XLIII.	DECEMBER 20, 1916. *	No. 1.

A Fourfold Game

By J. Frank Davis

       Author of ‘ ‘ Garland: Ra?iger Service, ” <'iNo Excitement, ” Etc.

       Mexico as seen through the eyes of secret agents—men who ply their
    calling in foreign lands, finding adventurous hazard in their vocation, and
    little reward' beyond the consciousness of work well done, and yet are more
    important than the accredited diplomatists who are seldom more than pawns
    in the hands of the master chessmen at home.

(A Complete Novel)

CHAPTER I.

THE MAN AND THE TASK.

FOUR men, in widely distant cities,
sit planning and plotting, hear-
ing reports and giving com-
mands, weeding, analyzing, col-
lating, sifting. In their hands are the
ends of threads that run to and fro
across all the kingdoms and republics
and principalities of the earth.

  One of them is a towering man, with
shoulders broad enough to bear the
weight of great burdens, progressing in
years, with florid face, closely cropped
hair, fierce, upturned, white mustaches,
a card-index mind, and a passion for
efficiency. From his desk in Berlin is
a far cry to Tokyo, where sits another
of the four—a little, lean, black-haired
bundle of fanatic patriotism, whose
dreamy almond .eyes hold no reflection
of the impetuous ambition for his coun-
try’s future that burns within his soul.
iB p

  A third—chieftain in this respect
within his country because he is chief-
tain in all matters, being the one strong-
est man amid a swarm of weaker ones
■—is younger, handsome of face and
figure, stern and commanding, wearing
an empty sleeve, where once was an
arm strong in battle. He sits within the
national palace in the city of the Monte-
zumas, and stares with brooding, bitter
gaze across the mountains to the north.
Beyond those mountains, three thou-
sand miles away, the fourth man sits
in Washington. And this fourth has
neither the mien nor manner of states-
man or warrior, but looks and acts
and moves—albeit inconspicuously—as
might look and act and move any pros-
perous, serious, purposeful middle-aged
American man of business.

  Diplomatists all these may be, and
are, but not commissioned as such.
Nor does the army of men and women
that each commands enjoy public credit
2

THE tPOPVLJltR MAGAZINE

or great honor, even within their own
countries.

  Accredited diplomatists who serve
their nations well receive their meed of
thanks and reward, and yet, in these
days of fast mails and faster telegraphs,
are seldom more than pawns in the
hands of the master chessmen at home.
In contrast, the secret agents who ply
their trade in foreign lands find ad-
venturous hazard in their vocation, but
little reward beyond the consciousness
of work well done. Success does not
mean for them the cheers of the multi-
tude, because the multitude never
knows. Failure may mean disgrace.
It may mean death. Most bitterly, it
may at any moment carry with it com-
plete disavowal by the nation that is
served; even this they are prepared to
suffer. And in the very nature of their
occupation, the higher class of secret-
service men and women, whatever flag
they serve, are seldom pawns. They
must initiate and play their own
moves.

  Sometimes cautiously, sometimes
boldly; sometimes slowly, sometimes
with lightning action; sometimes fear-
lessly, sometimes fearfully; sometimes
blithely, but always secretly, they go up
and down the earth, and into its
farthest and most dangerous corners,
playing the Game of Nations.

  Waite Braxton finished his late and
solitary luncheon at a table near the
front window of Roth’s restaurant.
His check, which the waiter presented
with the impressive courtesy due an ob-
viously prosperous patron, totaled sev-
enty pesos, and Waite slipped from a
bulky wallet a fifty, a twenty, and a
ten—the ten constituting the waiter’s
tip.

  Lest it be thought the young Amer-
ican was a Gargantuan trencherman or
an extravagant fool, be it said at once
that the bank notes were Carranza cur-
rency, valued at that moment at a small

fraction over two cents, gold, to the
peso. Translated into terms of United
States money, the luncheon cost one
dollar and fifty cents; the pourboire
totaled a trifle less than a quarter of a
dollar.

  As the waiter, bowing, faded into the
middle distance, Braxton lighted a ciga-
rette, sat back idly, and, through the
window, let his eyes rest upon the pass-
ing throng.

  It was quite surprising that the
Avenida San Francisco could look so
peaceful and unscarred, after more
than three years of revolution piled on
revolution.

  Madero, Huerta, Carranza, Villa,
Zapata, had come and gone, and Car-
ranza had come again, during the swift-
speeding months since Don Porfirio
Diaz awoke to the desperate fact that
his aging hands had lost their strength
to curb a turbulent people.

  Musketry had rattled and shells had
screamed through the beautiful ave-
nues and plazas of the city. Dictators
had risen, struggled to keep their place,
and fallen. Tattered armies had en-
tered, looting; and, looting, had de-
parted. Ambition had made little men
great and great men little, and sent
many of them, little and great together,
to take their stolid turns before the
firing squads.- Cannon had roared and
swords had flashed and fire had burned,
and there had been famine and
pestilence.

  Yet, for all this, up and down the
Avenida San Francisco still flowed the
afternoon procession that for years has
made it one of the fascinating thor-
oughfares of the world. To a casual
observer, the same procession; to the
careful student, a subtly different one.

  Waite Braxton watched the chang-
ing, shifting crowds, and compared
them with the crowds of other days.

  He knew Mexico City. He had been
there many times—when Diaz’s hand
was iron; when Madero’s dreams were
A POUCRFOLV GAME

3

straw. He hid been there in Febru-
ary, 1913, when the younger Diaz and
Reyes' sprang their revolt, to be fol-
lowed so speedily by the treacherous
coup of Blanquet and Huerta, which
sent Don Panchito the weak, and Don
Gustavo the strong to pay the price of
power taxed against the house of
Madero.

  The last time he had sat here in the
window of Roth’s and watched the
passing swarm, he recalled, there had
been a sudden fanfare of bugles, scat-
tering of vehicles and pedestrians, a
galloping whirl of cavalrymen, cheers,
and a rolling automobile, in the tonneau
of which sat a short, squat, uniformed,
stone-faced Indian with a wide, thin,
cruel mouth—Victoriano Huerta. Then
more automobiles, more soldiers, more
cheers, and the dictator was gone.

  And only a few months later Huerta
was gone, indeed—as Diaz had gone, as
Villa was to go, and Zapata; as Car-
ranza also wrould sooner or later go,
and who could tell what procession of
others before the coming of a ruler
strong enough to rule?

  That scene in the late spring of 1913
came back to Braxton, and it was dif-
ficult to realize that three other chief-
tains, in the intervening time, had been
cheered along the avenue. It might be
the same scene, this afternoon—almost.
Only one very familiar with the city in
the old days, he thought, could see a
difference now.

  Up and down the street rolled auto-
mobiles and carriages bearing beautiful
women in Paris-made frocks. Along
the sidewalks strolled frock-coated,
high-hatted men, gloved, swinging
sticks. In the gutters, moving at the
queer, untiring dogtrot of the Mexican
Indian, swung along noiselessly the
never-ending procession of barefooted
or sandaled pelados, their shocks of
coarse hair hanging over dull, lack-
luster eyes, bands about their fore-
heads, packs of incredible heaviness

upon their backs—bearers of burdens
in a country where man is the cheapest
of all beasts.

  Back and forth flowed the river of
deep contrasts that ever has fascinated
the looker-on in Mexico City; a stream
of the very rich in the middle and on
the banks, and of the very poor, like
some muddy, copper-colored back-
water, slipping along between the two.

  The clear, high-altitude sun shone
down on the picture, throwing all the
color of it into sharp relief. It touched
the immaculate street—perhaps the
only main thoroughfare in the world
that is literally washed and scrubbed
by hand—and the magnificent facades
of ornate buildings. It threw its light
alike upon the glittering contents of
the plate-glass windows, upon .the
fashionable raiment in carriage and on
sidewalk, and upon the filth and sordid
poverty and hopelessness of the Indi-
ans who swung past, their eyes upon
the ground.

  This describes the Avenida ^San
Francisco on that afternoon in late
February, 1916, when Waite Braxton
sat idly smoking in Roth’s restaurant.
Thus far it could as well pass for a de-
scription of the Avenida San Francisco
on any pleasant week-day afternoon
five years or more ago. But Braxton’s
eyes comprehended the change.

  The shop windows glistened, but
with contents less expensive than be-
fore ; offering as small a temptation to
loot as was consistent with necessary
display and decoration. The automo-
biles and carriages were fewer and less
well kept. The horses were thin and
shaggy. The prosperous pedestrians
and carriage folk, taken as a whole, did
not look quite so prosperous as afore-
time, and there were not so many of
them. The efficient little policemen
swaggered as bravely as ever, but in
frayed and ragged uniforms.

  When one came to analyze it, only
the backwater stream of poverty-
4

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

stricken pelados had not changed.
They had become no richer; they could
become no poorer. There is some com-
pensation, perhaps, for being of the
very bottom dreg of society. “He who
sleeps on the floor,” says an old adage,
“cannot fall out of bed/’

  Braxton saw the passing throng and
considered it, but even while he looked
at the moving procession he was look-
ing through it, his mind busy with the
task that had brought him again to
Mexico City.

  Barely three weeks since, the chief
had summoned him from New York to
Washington. This of itself was a rare
occurrence. In all the six years he
had been connected with the secret
service he had visited headquarters not
more than a dozen times. He could
count on his fingers and toes the num-
ber of people in the United States,
including secret-service officials, who
knew him to be a servant of the gov-
ernment. The success with which this
incognito had been maintained had not
a little to do with his value to the
service.

  The chief had given him succinct,
comprehensive orders. The talk lasted
nearly an hour, but its substance could
be summed up in sixteen words:

  “Learn the contents of the note Car-
ranza is about to send by special mes-
senger to Japan.”

  A task, certainly, involving both dif-
ficulty and risk. A task the chief
thought Braxton stood the best chance
of accomplishing, not only because he
had often succeeded where others had
failed, but because his generally ac-
cepted position as a scion of wealth,
more or less interested in the handling
of certain corporate inheritances, fur-
nished him the logical excuse to do
certain things that, done by other
agents of the department, would arouse
prompt suspicion.

  “There is a limit to what bribery will
accomplish, even in Mexico,” said the

chief. “Not more than a half dozen
people, I suppose, know what is going
into this note, or what has gone into it,
if it is already prepared. Carranza and
Obregon, of course—it might be more
proper to say Obregon and Carranza—
and the foreign minister and two or
three subordinates in his department.
Probably, although not necessarily,
some of the other members of the cab-
inet. Payne says- You know

Payne quite well, don’t you?”

  “Intimately. We were in the same
class at Harvard.”

  “Payne reports that in his opinion
the men closest to Carranza, and likely
to be aware of the contents of this
Japanese note, would prove incor-
ruptible if approached by any one who
they thought might represent this gov-
ernment. Mexican officials may not be
very strong patriots, as we understand
the word, but they certainly all agree
in their hatred of the American gov-
ernment. So, while there may be men
on the inside—probably are—who, for
a sufficient consideration, would let slip
the secret in some quarters, they would
want to feel sure that those quarters
did not represent Washington.”

  “You would suggest?”

  “The same tactics as when you were
there in 1913.”

  “Universal Oil?”

  “Exactly. You are already identified
in the minds of some Mexicans as a
representative of Universal Oil, and
Universal Oil has had its finger in some
of the internal affairs of Mexico dur-
ing the past four years. There are
Mexican patriots who would hesitate a
long time before selling a secret to the
American government who wouldn’t
pause a moment if they thought they
were giving their information merely to
that corporation. They take it for
granted that Universal Oil does not run
to the president with what news it
gets.”

  Braxton allowed himself a moment’s
A FOUCRPQUD GAME

5

digression from the immediate business
in hand.

  “It is odd,” he said, “how firmly the
public is convinced of my connection
with the Universal, considering that I
don't own a share of that stock, and
never did.”

  “An illustration,” the chief replied,
“of what a newspaper reputation can
do. Your father is a director of the
Equity Trust. The Equity Trust has
a community of interest with Universal
Oil. You travel to and fro, seemingly
an idler, yet sufficiently alert and active,
so that it appears hardly probable you
have no business interests; also, it
would hardly be expected that your fa-
ther’s son should waste.his time. The
newspapers, which cannot overlook any
of the activities of the rich, guess that,
perhaps, you are concerned with the in-
side affairs of the Universal. The Uni-
versal does not deny it, because it never
denies anything. So the myth grows
and grows, until to-day you are Brax-
ton, the Universal Oil man. And I
must say it has proven a very valuable
asset to the service, that reputation of
yours.”

  “The queer thing is that on more
than one occasion, in this work, I have
run up against secret agents of the
Universal, and they have never seemed
to know for certain that I was not also
one of them.”

  “The company’s policy of never let-
ting its right hand know how many
fingers on its left hand are closed. It
is the same policy that we in the serv-
ice follow sometimes—in your own
case, for instance. How surprised some
of our men who know you quite well,
without suspecting your real business,
would be if they should learn that you
are also an agent of the department!
Of all those now at work south of the
Rio Grande, for instance, only one, I
think—Payne—is aware of your real
position.”

  “None other that I recall—or, at

least, that I know is now working in
Mexico.”

  “No. None of our people now south
of the border, except Payne, ever heard
of you in connection with this office.
Let us hope we may be able to keep our
relations as close a secret for the next
five or six years as we have been able
to during the past five or six. Of
course, the time might come on any
case when you would have to give the
big distress sign in a place where other
agents were present; that happened
once, as I recall it.”

  “Yes. In Manila. The number who
know my connection with the depart-
ment was increased that night by
three.”

  “And all of them were promptly
warned to forget—and promptly for-
got.”

  Braxton’s mind reviewed the near-
tragedy, with himself as the principal
participant, to which the chief had re-
ferred. After a moment he came back
to the subject in hand.

  “As to cost—on this Japanese-note.”

  “Whatever is necessary. We must
know what Carranza is saying to Japan,
if it is humanly possible. Provide
plenty of money; Universal Oil is ex-
pected to be shrewd, but not niggardly.”

  “And you think it possible that Car-
ranza is proposing to Japan that, in the
event of trouble on this continent, she

  “Let’s not think about it at all. We
might be right, and we might be wrong,
and in either event thinking would do
us no good if. we didn’t know. If it
means the same as the special trip to
Japan Gustavo Madero was planning
wrhen Huerta gave him ley fuega—you
know what was in the wind then—we
want to know it. If it means something
else, innocent or not, we want to know
that. We must have a copy of that
note, if it can be secured. You can sail
for Vera Cruz to-morrow.”'

  A few odds and ends of detail, a dis-
6

THE cPOcPULA<:R. MAGAZINE

cussion of finances, and the chief rose
and shook hands.

  “Don’t trust the telegraph,” were his
last words of warning. “We cannot
tell what cipher codes of ours may be
in their hands. You know, for that
matter, there are mighty few codes of
any government that are not in the pos-
session of most or all the others. It
may be, by the way, that you will get
this Mex-Japanese message in code of
some sort. If so, bring it along as it is,
and don’t worry, unless it is perfectly
easy to get a translation as well. We
can probably decode it here or at the
state department; if there is any cipher
in use by the Mexicans that Payne
hasn’t sent along during the past three
years, he doesn’t know of its existence.
Good luck!”

  He threw open the door to the outer
office. “Thank you for calling, Mr.
Braxton,” he said, in a formal, cour-
teous voice that carried to the nearest
clerks. “I shall have the matter looked
into at the very earliest possible mo-
ment.”

  A fortnight in Mexico City, and now
it seemed the task was almost com-
pleted. Unless some detail in the plans
he and Leroy Payne had so carefully
put into execution should fail, the se-
cret note would be in his hands within
twenty-four or, at the latest, forty-
eight hours.

CHAPTER II,

“MUERTA LOS GRINGOS.”

  He looked at his watch. An hour yet
before his appointment to meet Payne
at the American Club. He rose, took
his hat and stick from the waiter, and
went out upon the avenue.

  As he strolled toward the Zocolo,
newsboys came running down the
street. They were shouting raucously.
Pedestrians stopped to buy their pa-
pers. Carriage folk also pulled up to
the walk to purchase. An extra, Brax-

ton noted, of the most rabid and sensa-
tional anti-American daily in the city.

  He bought a copy and spread it open.
Across the top of the first page, in type
whose size and blackness would have
done credit to any yellow newspaper in
the world, New York not excepted, was
a line:

AMERICANOS PREPARANDO PARA
INVADIR MEXICO!

  The “dispatch” that furnished the ex-
cuse for the black headline, he saw at
a glance, did not warrant the caption.
It was to the effect that Texas gringos
were preparing to cross the Rio Grande
at Juarez, Piedras Negras, and Nueva
Laredo, and it was dated from Saltillo,
which not only would be unlikely to
hear of any contemplated invasion be-
fore other points, but, throughout all
the revolutions, has been a prime source
of -fictitious war rumors.

  Mexico City, he at once observed,
was hysterical and easily excited. The
extra sold quickly. Those who read it
passed on the “news”' by word of
mouth. There were mutterings and
gesticulations. A condition might easily
arise that could become very unpleas-
ant for Americans.

  He did not think of this as having
much bearing on himself. Of medium
height, with black hair and eyes, and a
tongue that rattled Spanish idioms as
rapidly and correctly as though they
were English, there was little chance
of his attracting attention on the street
as a gringo. On more than one occa-
sion he had been in swirling, Yankee-
hating Latin crowds, without feeling in
danger or being in danger. He could
easily pass for a Spaniard; had done so
a dozen times. He felt, therefore,
safely detached from the current of ex-
citement that was pulsating through the
throng.

  Idly walking, he paused a. moment
before a jeweler’s window and amused
himself by noting the seemingly ex-
A FOUtRFQUD GAME

7

orbitant prices made necessary by the
depreciation of Carranza currency. A
sudden shout of' warning, somewhere
close behind him, made him turn
quickly, just in time to witness a street
accident of a kind not rare in any great
city.

  A Mexican of the peon class had
started to cross the street in the mid-
dle of the block, dodging among the
fast-moving vehicles.

  A cabriolet of the characteristic Mex-
ican style—wide enough to seat three
passengers, with a pair of horses not
educated to trot—was speeding past,
the whip-swinging driver probably
spurred by financial inducements to
reach his destination in a hurry. Mex-
ican speed regulations for drivers are
admirably simple, being, in effect:
“Drive at any speed you please, and
on either side of the street you please,
and around corners in any direction
you please—but always bearing in mind
that whenever an accident occurs, all
the parties to it will be arrested im-
mediately and punished, including the
victim.”

  The peon’s attention had been dis-
tracted in another direction, or he failed
to gauge correctly the fast approach of
the racing horses. As the warning
went up from a dozen spectators, the
pair was upon him. The driver threw
his weight on the reins, but the feet
of the horses slid.

  What the peon did was lithe and
quick, as an Indian might be expected
to act. Realizing he could not get out
of the way, he turned, placed both
hands on the nearer horse’s breast, and
let the momentum of the animal’s ad-
vance throw him to one side. This
presence of mind would haVe saved him
injury had not a big touring car at that
moment started to pass the cabriolet.

  The Indian saw the oncoming auto-
mobile, but could not regain his bal-
ance. He tried to whirl himself out
of the way, as the driver of the car

threw on his emergency brakes, and
failed. The car struck him, knocked
him down, and dragged him several
feet.

  Police efficiency, one governmental
thing that is usually wrorthy of com-
mendation in Mexico City, came rapidly
into play.

  One policeman had been in sight at
the street crossing a hundred feet away ;
three more materialized from nowhere
in particular within the next minute.

  Of this quartet, one arrested the
driver of the cabriolet, ordered its pas-
sengers to alight, pay their fares to that
moment, and depart about their busi-
ness, and settled himself in the cab with
a curt command that he be driven to
the nearest police station. Another
made memoranda of the number of the
automobile and the names of its oc-
cupants, and ordered them all to ap-
pear before officialdom. A third swag-
gered in the middle of the street, driv-
ing the accumulating crowd back to the
sidewalks, and straightened out the
jamming traffic in a jiffy. The fourth
pursued the scratched and bruised In-
dian, who had rolled and crawled to the
sidewalk, and was making shift to hob-
ble away, placed him under arrest, and
started him limping toward a cell.

  With these four things accomplished
—and not three minutes was needed to
complete them all—the crowd brought
its collective eye back to the spot where
stood the two erstwhile occupants of
the cab, their luggage at their Ifeet, peer-
ing out to discover a vacant carriage,
and fuming at the delay.

  They were an elderly man with white
hair, and a younger one with reddish
hair, and the crowd took them for
Americans.

  "Thus rich Yanquis trample on the
poor!” called a voice far enough back
in the press that its owner was reason-
ably certain to escape the remaining po-
liceman’s eye.

  “Rich Americanos! Gringos! They
8

THE VOVULfltR MAGAZINE

trample on the poor!” The sentence
spread from mouth to mouth. A more
daring Mexican shouted half-heartedly,
as though willing to take it back if un-
supported :

  “Mnerta los gringos!” Death to the
gringos!

  The cry was taken up by others, less
half-heartedly:

  “Mnerta los Americanos.1 AJ^uerta
los gringos!”

  The policeman was at the side of the
two men, who saw the threatening peril.
The elder addressed him in passable
Spanish:

  “We are British subjects, my son and
I. We are leaving the city. We wish a
carriage.”

  Thie shouts of the crowd were gather-
ing volume. The crowd itself was being
steadily augmented. Braxton was jos-
tled from his position before the jewel-
er’s window by two men, probably the
proprietor and a clerk, who had come
running out of the store, and now set to
work quickly to pull down and lock the
heavy metal shutters provided to pro-
tect the show windows in just such an
emergency. Other shutters in the
neighborhood, he noticed, were already
closing with an alacrity that testified to
recent practice with street mobs, and
appreciation of how speedily they can
go into action.

  Only the little policeman seemed
oblivious to the gathering danger.
Often in less turbulent days Braxton
had admired the fine efficiency of the
undersized, underpaid Mexico City po-
lice ; again he felt appreciation of their
calm assurance in time of trouble.

  The officer spoke a sharp, reassuring
sentence to the Englishmen. He turned
and faced the crowd quietly, almost
jauntily.

  “Back!” he commanded sharply to
those crowding in the gutter. They fell
over themselves and milled, muttering
and threatening, to either side.

  He raised his left hand in signal to an

approaching cab, containing one male
passenger. His right hand rested lightly
on the butt of his revolver, which hangs
in plain sight outside the uniform
blouse.

  The cab stopped. “There is room
for two more passengers,” the police-
man ordered. “Take them, quickly, to
their hotel or station. You do not ob-
ject?” he half queried the well-dressed
Mexican in the carriage.

  “Certainly not. Let us hasten, in the
name of the saints !”

  The Englishmen threw their bags
into the cab, and fellover them to places
on the wide seat beside the Mexican.
The driver whipped up his horses. The
little policeman, a sneering smile curl-
ing his lips, his hand still resting lightly
on his pistol, waved contemptuously
with his left hand to the crowd to dis-
perse.

  At exactly this moment, two doors
down the avenue, a girl came out of a
little store, the window of which was
filled with embroidery and laces. She
must have been ignorant of the disturb-
ance, else surely she would not have
faced it. She came out, saw the swirl-
ing, disappointed mob, and turned
quickly to reenter the store. But the
proprietor, who had accompanied her
to the entrance, becoming suddenly
aware of the danger, most ungallantly
slammed the door, locked it, and pulled
down an interior iron screen.

  Braxton saw that she was obviously
an American, well dressed, and good to
look at, and that her hair was reddish
gold. More than this he had no time
to note, for the angry crowd, cheated a
moment before, and having had time to
think that, after all, there was only one
policeman present, surged toward her.
Again sounded the bay of the hounds:

  “Mnerta los gringos!”

  They had swung in twenty deep be-
tween the policeman and the girl, and
the little officer was pushing and shov-
ing, snarling and threatening bravely
A FOU<RFOUD GAME

9

enough to get to her side, but making
small headway in the crush. He got out
his whistle and blew it shrilly. Al-
ready, however, Braxton had leaped in
front of the girl, who had her back
against a building, facing the hooting
crowd, with white face, but a stout
bravery in her bearing that won a flash
of admiration from Braxton’s subcon-
scious mind. His conscious mind was
busy with the problem of how best to
help the girl without getting himself
into a police tangle. He reasoned, in
the second or two it took him to reach
the girl’s side, that she was probably in
danger of no greater harm than in-
sulting words. Help would come in
time to prevent actual violence. A
street crowd in Mexico is necessarily
unarmed, except for the matter of
small knives, and police reinforce-
ments would be on hand shortly. He
need not really mix into the situation.

  Thus he reasoned. Then he acted in
direct opposition to his reasoning.

  He swung a hard fist into a dirty face
that was grimacing too close to the
shrinking girl, and as the owner of the
face went toppling, held himself ready
to repeat the dose as indicated by the
necessities of the case.

  “Keep away, hombres!” he shouted
authoritatively, in his perfect Spanish.
“You are mistaken! This lady is no
gringo, but English. I myself know
her. She is my friend and my family’s
friend.”

  “What does he say?” they asked on
the outskirts of the crowd.

  “Who is it that shouted?” demanded
one shorter man, who was running
about the outskirts, vainly trying to see.

  “The gentleman. He has the man-
ner of a general.”

  “What is it?” asked others. “What
is it?”

  “Don’t you hear? The general says
she is not a gringo !”

  “Viva general!” shouted somebody.

Many in the crowd caught up the cry.
It is unsafe not to “viva” a general.
One who failed to cheer might find him-
self under suspicion of having taken
part in the riot against the general’s
friend.

  They had begun to cheer and to fall
back as the little policeman, more
ragged of uniform than before, tore
through the last restraining wall of hu-
manity that separated him from Brax-
ton and the girl. He had caught the
cry of “general.” The crowd, seem-
ingly, had recognized a celebrity with
whose face he was not yet familiar.
After all, there are many generals.

  Braxton smiled down upon the of-
ficer and spoke a word of commenda-
tion, such as a military man under such
circumstances might have given a po-
liceman. He did something even more
to the point when he slipped into the
officer's, hand two bank notes, each
bearing the denomination of one hun-
dred pesos. Even in United States
money they were worth four dollars,
and the policeman’s lot in Mexico City
is neither a happy nor a prosperous one.

  A sharp bark of command at the back
'of the crowd, and it opened, widened,
and let through a trotting half hundred
soldiers. At their head was a young
captain, pale-faced, clean-shaven, neatly
uniformed, with shining teeth and
manicured hands. The uniforms of the
fifty who followed him were tattered,
and most of the men were barefoot, but
they were seasoned fighters—Mexico
City gets the veterans of the armies of
Mexico—and their gUns were held in
a manner that denoted they would
willingly use them.

  The pale-faced young captain looked
quickly from the policeman to Braxton
and the girl.

  “It is over. These people were ex-
cited and thought the lady was a gringo.
She is of the English.” The policeman
made the explanation rapidly. “She is
a friend of the general.”
10

THE ‘POPULAR MAGAZINE

  Before the-captain could reply, Brax-
ton spoke smilingly, yet with authority:
“Your name, captain?”

  “Francisco Garcia.”

  “Thank you. I shall see your prompt
arrival is reported where it may help
you. And now”—he turned to the girl
—“we will proceed.”

  The captain, who also realized that
no one could be expected to know all
the dignitaries of a shifting government
even by sight, saluted. Returning the
salute, and smiling courteously at cap-
tain and policeman, Braxton took the
girl’s arm and walked briskly along the
sidewalk. The crowd, beginning to dis-
perse, paid little attention to him or his
charge. Already the captain was giv-
ing sharp commands, and the soldiers
were falling in to patter back to what
place of vantage near the center was
being used as their barracks.

  Throughout all the scene, the girl had
not spoken. Now, as they drew out
of earshot of the policeman, Braxton
asked:

  “Where shall I take you? We had
better go there quickly, before anything
else gets started.”

  The girl flashed a look of surprise
at him. It had not occurred to her,
any more than to the other participants
in the incident, that he was not a Mex-
ican. She had not heard him speak ex-
cept in Spanish.

  “I am stopping with relatives at the
Hotel Presidente.”

  “We will leave the avenue at the next
street. I don’t always introduce my-
self as informally as this. My name is
Braxton—Waite Braxton.”

  “An American ?”

  “Guilty!”

  “But your Spanish accent! They
were perfectly sure you were a Mex-
ican. I speak the language; 1 was cer-
tain.”

  “Complexion, tan, and a boyhood
partly spent in Spain. The combination
makes it easy to deceive. Really no

credit to me at all. We' might go
through here to the Avenida Dieziseis
de Septiembre.”

  As they briskly crossed the avenue
and turned in the side street, Braxton,
without seeming to stare, gained his
first comprehensive look at his com-
panion. His first impression, that she
was rather good to look upon, was
heightened by this survey. She was, he
thought, extremely restful to the eye.

  She was fairly tall, of trim and
rounded figure, and with a swing to
her carriage that led him shrewdly to
guess she could play tennis, and per-
haps ride and swim well. About
twenty-four he judged her to be, which
would make her five years his junior.
Her thick hair, as he had already noted
approvingly, was a dark gold, full of
glints of red, and the cheek that was
within range of his vision was of that
peculiar creamy whiteness that some-
times goes with hair of that tinge.

  He had not seen her eyes. What
color were they, he wondered? Blue,
probably, or gray. He decided upon
gray. They ought to be gray, any-
how.

  “I haven’t thanked you,” she was
saying. ' “Don’t think I do not appre-
ciate it.”

  He laughed lightly. “As a matter of
fact,” he said, “I don’t think you were
in any real danger. The little captain
and his soldiers were there almost as
soon as I was.”

  “It was dangerous enough,” she re-
plied. “Perhaps they wouldn’t have
hurt me much, but having one’s clothes
torn, or being pushed about by dirty'
handed pelados, would not be especially
pleasant.”

  It was a singularly cool attitude to-
ward her recent predicament. Most
girls—even self-reliant American girls
—would be on the verge of hysteria
after so harrowing an experience. He
eyed her admiringly.
A FOU<RFOUD GAME

II

 “You have nerve, Miss-” He

hadn’t intended this as a hint that he
did not know her name, and hesitated,
a bit embarrassed.

  “Lynde,” she supplied. “It shows my
self-possession isn’t as good as you
think that I haven’t told you before.
Esther Lynde. My home is in Wash-
ington. Are you a Virginia Braxton?”
“We are a branch of the Virginia
family. My people have lived in New
York several generations, however.”

  The girl suddenly turned her eyes to
him. He rather thought they were
grayish blue. “I think I have read of
you in the newspapers,” she said. “You
travel a great deal, don’t you? You are
connected with—is it Universal Oil ?”
“A man cannot hide his identity these
days,” he laughed, “even under black
hair, a tanned skin, and a Spanish
vocabulary.”

  They approached the open entrance
of the Hotel Presidente. “I should like
to have my cousins meet you—Mr. and
Mrs. Carson. They also will want to
thank you for what you did,” she said.
“But they are out this afternoon.”

  “If I might call?” he murmured.
  “Really, there’s nothing else to do.”

 “Nothing—er-”

  “Doesn’t the rescuer of a maiden in
distress always call afterward? You
couldn’t stay away. It would be con-
trary to all tradition.”

  “I knew it was that way in books,
but there are so many things in books
that aren’t so. So the custom obtains
in real life.”

  “The best authorities agree it does.
You can bear it in mind the next time
you go knight-erranting,” she added.

  “My excuse for ignorance is that I
have been lacking in opportunities,” he
said earnestly. “I shall never overlook
them again.”

  They were in the lobby, and she gave
him her hand and spoke seriously.

  “At about half after eight then,” she

said. “And I am truly deeply grate-
ful.”

  He decided her eyes were bluish
gray.

CHAPTER III.

UNDER FOUR FLAGS.

  Leroy Payne sat before the roll-top
desk in his inner office, on the third
floor of a centrally located business
block. In the outer room a -stenog-
rapher of mixed blood, able to take dic-
tation very competently in Spanish, and
very shockingly in English, read a
novel, and from time to time patted her
hair complacently, stenographers being
stenographers wherever their habitat.

  The outer door bore the announce-
ment, in Spanish, that Leroy Payne
was the Mexican representative of the
New York-Mexico Development Com-
pany, making a specialty of selling
Mexican lands, and of managing them
in the interests of United States own-
ers. Such an occupation gave him the
opportunity to do many things along
lines of investigation without attract-
ing attention or arousing suspicion. He
could always decline clients on the
ground that their work would conflict
with other interests by which he al-
ready had been retained.

  Investigation in New York, if any
one ever desired to make it, would
demonstrate that Mr. Payne was a
graduate of Harvard Law School, a
lawyer authorized to practice in the
courts of New York, and the vice presi-
dent of a real corporation, with offices
in lower Broadway. The investigation
would not have brought out, however,
the additional fact that Major Sim-
mons, the corporation’s president, was
also a valued agent of the secret service.

  There had been enough bona-fide
business conducted by the office in past
days to cloak its real operations, and,
while it was true that, since the pro-
cession of Mexican revolutions, Mr.
Payne had bought no new lands for his
12

THE <POcPULA<R MAGAZINE

American clients, he, nevertheless, had
ample excuse for remaining on the job
in Mexico, in that things had happened
on lands whose owners he already rep-
resented, calling for negotiations with
the various governments as they held
power.

  Mr. Payne, on this spring afternoon,
seemed no busier in his inner office than
was his stenographer in her outer one.

  He was a short, thickset, good-na-
tured-looking young man, with thinning
light hair, faint beginnings of what in
middle age undoubtedly would be a
double chin, and spectacles with tor-
toise-shell rims. Not at all a man who
would be picked in a crowd as the se-
cret agent of anybody.

  He sat tipped back in his desk chair,
his eyes fixed thoughtfully on a spot in
the sky some miles beyond the glisten-
ing dome of the National Opera House.
He was not thinking of the graft that
has left the massive marble structure
half finished, although something Like
twice the necessary amount for its com-
pletion has been appropriated and
spent, nor of the great crack in its pol-
ished walls that an unusually heavy
earthquake caused, nor of the National
Opera House at all. He was not even
thinking of that distant spot in the sky
beyond at which he stared. His mind
was over in the National Palace on the
Zocolo, and he was wondering what a
certain stout, dark-skinned, black-
bearded assistant in the department of
foreign affairs was doing at this exact
moment. The gentleman in mind, one
Florencio Calderon by name, and colo-
nel by rank, had promised, if all went
well, to call him by telephone at four
o’clock, and it was now well past that
hour.

  The telephone bell tinkled in the
outer office, and a second later there
was a tap on his door, and the stenog-
rapher opened it. “The telephone,
senor,” she said.

  “Bueno!” he called into the receiver.
The voice of Colonel Calderon replied.

  There would be no secrets told over
the line, for Payne’s stenographer prob-
ably was listening in his outer room,
and the switchboard operator in the Na-
tional Palace might be plugged in, with
nobody knew how many others. All
this, however, had been provided for.

  “I am Colonel Calderon,” came over
the wire, in Spanish.

  ‘'Yes, colonel. How is your health?”
“Very good, thank you. I have on
my desk a letter from you, Senor
Payne, asking information regarding
the unpaid back taxes assessed by the
government against certain lands in
Tamaulipas, whose owners you repre-
sent.”

  “Yes?”

  “I have compiled the figures. If we
could have a brigf talk, I feel sure I
could make the justice of the clainl
clear to you.”

  “At your convenience, colonel.”

  “You are anxious for the informa-
tion quickly, your letter says.”

  “As soon as you can find it possible,
senor.”

  “Yes. Well, I have it for you. I am
to be detained here at the palace for
some time, but if you could find it con-
venient to meet me this evening-”

  “The pleasure will be mine.”

  “As my family is out of the city, I
am stopping temporarily at the Hotel
Presidente. Could you call—-and at
what hour?”

  “Any hour you suggest.”

  “Suppose we say quarter of nine,
or a little after. You might come right
up, if you vwill. Room No. 81. It is
on the third floor.”

  “Thank you. Between quarter of
nine and nine.”

  “Adios, senor
  “Adios, mi coronel ”

  Payne permitted himself a sigh of
relief and a smile. He looked at his
watch, took his hat and stick, told the
A FOU<R.FOUD GAME

13

stenographer he was going for the day,
and set forth in the direction of the
American Club.

  Waite Braxton was already seated in
a corner of the lounge when he entered.
No other members or guests were
within earshot.

  The two men shook hands as though
meeting by accident, for the benefit of
eyes that might be watching, and Payne
accepted Braxton’s invitation to be
seated with him and drink something
cooling. Not until the waiter had
brought the drinks, and departed did
they refer to the purpose of their
meeting.

  “Calderon phoned. O. K.,” said
Payne.

  “He has it?”

  “Evidently. He said he had ‘the in-
formation’ I requested. I am to meet
him at the Presidente to-night. Room
No. 81. For some reason he does not
want me to come to either the palace
or his house. Afraid of spies, I sup-
pose. Well, here’s to Broadway!
You’ll be seeing the old street again
within a fortnight. I wish I could.”

  Braxton set down his glass and
smoked for a moment thoughtfully.

  “It will be in code,” he said. “Cal-
deron has no way of getting access to
the key without letting others in on it,
which he thought would be too danger-
ous. Also, he would have had to split.”

  “How did you happen to arrange that
he should give the message to me in-
stead of to you yourself? I didn’t think
to ask you Sunday, when you were tell-
ing me of the conference.”

  “It was his suggestion—partially.
He said Obregon trusted nobody fully
-—that no attache of the government
knew when he was being spied upon.
He had already met me once, and he
feared, if he did so again, he might fall
under suspicion. Of course, he is per-
fectly sure I am representing the Uni-
versal Oil Company in the matter, al-
though neither he nor I mentioned the

company by name. You see, there
doesn’t happen to be any official matter
in his department that he could use as
an excuse if he were asked to explain
what business he and I had.

  “So he asked me if there wasn’t any
one in the city that I could trust to act
as a messenger—some one writh w:hom
the department had had correspondence
or negotiations. I thought it over care-
fully and suggested you, saying wre
were personal acquaintances, and I
knew you to be a trustworthy man, and
that I thought you would be willing to
act for me, the interests that you rep-
resent not being in any sense counter to
those with which I am connected. He
fell for this immediately, saying you
would be just the man, because some-
body or other had engaged you to file a
kick about the new Carranza tax levies
on lands, and that a meeting with you
would therefore be easy to explain.

  “It’s exasperating that I couldn’t put
this thing through myself/’ said Payne,
“but I told the chief in the report Wil-
liams carried out a month ago that the
Japanese note was coming, and I didn’t
believe I could get hold of it. Calderon
was about the only man we stood a
chance of getting to, and while I feel
sure neither he nor any other official
suspects my connection with the gov-
ernment, the companies I represent are
not big enough or sufficiently con-
cerned with international affairs to be
buying important secrets for their own
use. Universal Oil is something dif-
ferent. It is expected to take a hand
in all Mexican developments. And,
right or not, most Mexicans would not
expect the Universal to be especially
patriotic.”

  “Universal Oil has come to be a big
machine,” said Braxton gravely. “A
corporation has no soul. And yet I be-
lieve most big business men are at heart
just as patriotic as anybody else. My
father is a holder of securities in a
great many corporations, but if such a
14

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

note as we presume this Japanese mes-
sage to be were to come into his hands,
I know he would take the first train to
Washington with it, absolutely without
regard to- what the effect might be on
his personal fortune.”

  “I have often wondered, if it isn’t
too personal, how much your father
knows about your occupation, Waite,
and what he thinks about it.”

  “He knows all about it. That is to
say, he knows I am in the service.
What I do he never asks, and, of
course, I never tell him. As to what he
thinks about it, he objected seriously
enough when I first went into the work.
It seemed to him—well, perhaps the
word is ‘undignified.’ And thankless,
he said. And ofifering no future. But I
argued that I did not need a ‘future,’
in the money-making sense, and that
the work was certainly no more undig-
nified than picking up information in
devious ways about rival banks and cor-
porations, and that a young man in my
position, with a love of travel and a
taste for a little adventure, might do
worse than serve his country.”

  “So he ceased to oppose you?”

  “I was of age, he said, and he would
not stand in my way. Do you know, I
have always fancied the old man is
rather—well, proud of me. He’s a
pretty hard man in business, and they
call him ‘Bull Braxton,’ because of the
way he roars down opposition—but
they don’t know him as I do. And you
may remember that a Braxton signed
the Declaration of Independence.”

  “I notice you didn’t include, in his
reasons for objecting, the fact that our
trade is sometimes a little dangerous.
I imagine, from what I have heard of
your father, he wouldn’t consider that.”
“His war record was a fairly good
one,” replied Braxton, with a note of
pride in his voice.

  “Speaking of danger, do you expect
to go back to the States alone?”

  “Yes.”

  “That would be a pretty hazardous
trip, if some of our little slant-eyed
brethren were to get wise to what you
were carrying.”

  “You’re certainly right. They’re a
thorough little people. Are there many
of their secret-service men here just
now ?”

  Payne shrugged his shoulders. “Who
can spot a Jap in government service?
Tell me, if you can, the total Japanese
population of Mexico City, and I’ll
guarantee the total of Japanese spies
isn’t any greater than that. Further
than that, deponent saith not.”

  “Let us trust they get no line on us.
Nevertheless, I promise to keep my
eyes open all the way home for urbane
little yellow men. I may ask you to
ride down to Vera Cruz with me, so
there can be a pair of us in case of
trouble. Once out of Mexico, I think
I can look out for myself. What time
is your appointment with Calderon?”
“Quarter of nine or thereabouts. I
suppose he’ll have the copy ready to
hand over in a hurry. Do I pay him ?
What arrangement did you make?”
“On the spot. Thank goodness, he
doesn’t insist upon gold, and I have the
necessary cashier’s check. I brought
several, to fit various prices and con-
tingencies. The colonel must be salt-
ing money in the States; he made no
objection whatever to getting it that
way. I’ll hand you the check in my
room, when we go to dinner.”

  “And I’d like to see you as soon as
possible after the meeting, and turn the
papers over. I hate to have the - re-
sponsibility for them a minute longer
than it will take to pass the buck to
you.”

 “Shall we say here, at eleven
o’clock?”

  “All right. Where are you going to
be earlier in the evening, if I should
need to get you?”

  “By a peculiar coincidence, at eight-
thirty I am to be at the Hotel Presi-
A FOU<RFOUD GAME

15

dente. I have a call to make there—
purely social/’

  Payne may have looked curious. “I
met a young lady who is stopping there,
this afternoon,” Braxton explained.
“Miss Esther Lynde. Know her?”
Payne’s face registered interest.
“Why, yes/’ he said. “If you don’t
mind, Braxton, who is Miss Lynde ?”

  “I don’t get you. Is there anything
—peculiar—about her?”

  “Not peculiar. Mysterious, perhaps.
I thought you said you knew her.”
“No. I met her for the first time
this afternoon.” Very sketchily, and
without taking as much credit upon
himself as Payne felt sure he was en-
tiled to, he recounted the circum-
stances.

  “Then you cannot relieve my curi-
osity,” said Payne. “I rather hoped
you could tell me who the young lady
is, and why she should visit Mexico
City at a moment when most Americans
with sense—especially young, good-
looking, unattached ones—are making
tracks to get out.”

  “Then she hasn’t been here long?”
“Two or three weeks, I should say;
perhaps a month. I have met her at
various places. Dinners and such.
Very attractive. Well traveled. Fluent
linguist. Guarded by Mr. Carson and
Mrs. Carson, who are—just Mr. Car-
son and Mrs. Carson, guard of honor,
for Miss Lynde. But I don’t know
anybody who knows any more about
her than I do.” He hesitated. “Unless
it might be Von Arnoldt,” he added.

 “Von Arnoldt! Captain von Ar-
noldt ! The-

  “Uh-huh! You know him, I see.”
“We had a bit of a run-in two or
three years ago in Buenos Aires, but
he never knew my participation in it.
What is he doing here ?”

  “Keeping his eyes open, as usual. I
have my personal ideas that he has been
doing some underground work in con-

nection with this Japanese note, but
just what you can figure as well as I.
It depends on Germany’s position, and
we don’t know what that is.

  “For six weeks it has been common
gossip on the inside that Carranza—or
Obregon—was getting ready to dispatch
a special ambassador to Tokyo with an
important note. General Valdez is the
ambassador, and he and hfs brass-
bound staff left last Saturday for New
York, en route to Japan. That rumor
proved true. There has been another
rumor that important negotiations are
in progress with Germany, and that
some sort of a note is to be sent there,
also. This may be true, and it may
not; no ambassador has been ap-
pointed, of that we are sure. So we
do not know positively that there is to
be a note to Germany, and if there is,
we certainly do not know whether it is
to be along similar lines to that sent
Japan.

  “Now, figuring that Von Arnoldt
has something to do with this particular
situation, we have three guesses—one
about as likely to be' correct as an-
other.

  “If Germany is to get a similar note
to the Japanese message, perhaps Von
Arnoldt came here to receive it; Obre-
gon might not want to send a special
messenger to Germany openly, with the
submarine issue still hanging fire be-
tween Berlin and Washington. Sec-
ond : If Germany is behind the Japanese
notes, as is entirely possible, perhaps
he came here to steer the working of it.
Third guess: If the notes are not on
the same subject, or if they are sup-
posed to be similar, but Germany is
afraid of the well-known and justly
celebrated Mexican double cross, maybe
Von Arnoldt is on the same errand that
you are—trying to get a copy of the
Tokyo letter. So there you are!

  “Nominally, he arrived in Mexico
City five or six weeks ago to represent
some German mining interests that have
16

THE mVULAtR MAGAZINE

a concession in southern Coahuila. He
is just plain Herr Arnoldt—isn’t using
either the ‘von’ or the ‘captain.’ By-
George, I don’t envy him one way! It
must be embarrassing, these days, for
a German, who is serving his country
under cover like that, not to be able to
explain why he is staying away from
home, with so much fighting going on.”

  “But what makes you think Von Ar-
noldt might know more than other
people about Miss Lynde?”

  “Nothing, really, except that they are
together considerably. He pays her a
good deal of attention, and she seems
to like to be in his company. Nothing
in the slightest degree unconventional,
you understand, even by Continental
standards. Perhaps it is merely that
they are congenial. She speaks Ger-
man like a native; lived in Berlin some
time, I believe. And Von Arnoldt is
a very able person. I fancy he at-
tracts most women when he sets out
to.”

  Braxton inspected an accidental
smoke ring that was ascending from
his cigar.

  “She mentioned that her home is in
Washington.”

  “Yes. That, also, led me to won-
der-” Payne laughed shortly.

“Lord, Braxton! What suspicious
minds this game of ours develops.
Here is a pretty American girl who
hasn’t seen fit to take us into her con-
fidence—having met you for ten min-
utes, and me for perhaps an hour and
a half in the aggregate. She associates,
in an entirely proper wray, with a Ger-
man secret-service man. We have no
reason to think she is aware he is in
the service; in fact, for all I know, you
and I may be the only living souls in
Mexico outside the German diplomats
who do know it. She lives in Wash-
ington, which contains a few hundred
spies and three hundred and thirty
thousand other people. So we begin to
wonder if, perhaps, she isn’t connected

in some manner with our own interest-
ing profession.”

  “Suspecting everybody has served us
all well more than once,” maintained
Braxton. “But you are right. It can
be carried too far. Miss Lynde did not
impress me as being at all that sort, if
you know what I mean. No, I should
hardly believe it.”

  “Nor I,” replied Payne. “I certainly
have nothing on which to base any such
belief. I was only—wondering.”

. Braxton blew a cloud of smoke to-
ward the ceiling.

  “I never liked that fellow Von Ar-
noldt !” he said.

CHAPTER IV.

ON THE THIRD FLOOR.

  At eight-thirty to the minute, Waite
Braxton sauntered from the street
into the Hotel Presidente, and re-
quested a clerk to send his card up to
Miss Lynde. He took a seat near the
desk, not far from the bulletin board
upon which is posted, for all who run
to read, the names of all occupants of
rooms in the hotel.

  He noticed, as he passed the board,
that the name of Colonel Calderon ap-
peared there, assigned to room No. 81.
Presumably the colonel could have ex-
ercised his governmental pull to avoid
the operation of this police regulation,
if he had wished. He was protecting
himself by apparent frankness.

  Casually glancing at the other names,
Braxton observed that F. Arnoldt, of
Mannheim, was also registered as a
guest. The German was assigned to
room No. 112, on the fourth floor.

  Like most Mexican buildings, public
or otherwise, the Hotel Presidente was
built around a patio, or central court,
which, in its case, was covered with
glass, and formed the main lobby of
the hotel. Standing in the center of the
lobby, one could look up at the huge
skylights, five stories above, and on all
A FOU^FOLV GAME

17

sides the court was surrounded by bal-
conies, off three of which opened
rooms. The fourth side was occupied
in the middle by the elevator and on
either side by a staircase that circled
about it.

  On each floor, on the side opposite
the elevator and stairs—that is to say,
toward the front of the building—the
balcony was very deep, and was pro-
vided with a library table and easy-
chairs, while about the walls, filling the
spaces between doors opening into
guests’ rooms, were cushioned seats.
These balcony spaces served as the
public parlors of the house.

  The ground floor of the Presidente
had but one entrance—the front. Not
only the guests and the employees and
the servants, but the groceries, the pro-
visions, and the coal came in through
that main entrance, which possessed a
door of oak and steel that could be shut
and barred at a moment’s notice, mak-
ing of the hotel, with its thick walls
and high, barred ground-floor win-
dows, something very like a fortress.
Such construction is not unusual in
Latin countries, where street riots are
always to be reckoned with; in Mexico
City it is the rule rather than the ex-
ception.

  Braxton, who had.never been in the
Presidente more than three or four
times, noted these things as he waited
for the page to return.

  The boy came back promptly and re-
ported to the desk. At the clerk’s sig-
nal, Braxton rose.

  “Miss Lynde/' said the clerk, “will
be down to the second floor in a few
minutes. Will you be good enough to
wait there? The boy will show you.”
He added apologetically : “I regret you
will have to walk up the stairs. Our
elevator had a slight accident, and
stopped running a fewT minutes ago.
The engineer reports it will be all right
in a half hour or less. In the mean-
time-”

  2B P

  Braxton nodded understanding^ to
the clerk and followed the page up the
stairs. The balcony on the second floor
was unoccupied. The boy gestured a
smiling invitation to choose whichever
seat looked the most comfortable, pock-
eted his tip, and returned to the office.

  As Waite passed around the side bal-
cony to the wider front one, he raised
his eyes and observed that the elevator
was stalled near the top of the shaft.
The elevator door at the fifth floor was
open, and the cage hung so that its top
was at the entrance level. On the cage
a man was working—engineer or ele-
vator attendant evidently. He crawled
out, picked up a tool of some sort and
a handful of waste as Braxton looked,
and returned to his tinkering. Brax-
ton’s impression, as he caught this
glimpse of the workman, was that he
was a Japanese. When he reached the
broad balcony at the front, and se-
lected a chair iti a group of several, the-
elevator was outside his range of
vision.

  Across the shaft, where he could see
the head of the first stairway and the
foot of the second, there :came into
view a moment later a dark, bearded
face, set above a round, heavy body.
Colonel Fiorencio Calderon, puffing
from the unwonted exertion, was
climbing to his third-floor room to
keep his appointment. He rested for
breath a second at the head of the first
flight, and continued out of sight up
the second, without looking toward
Braxton,

  Perhaps five more moments passed,
and down the stairs from the floor
above came a woman dressed in white.
Before she had descended far enough
for him to see her face, Braxton knew
it was Miss Lynde. There was an un-
usual swing and freedom to her car-
riage. He rose as she completed the
flight, looked across the shaft to where
he awaited her, and came to him around
the side balcony.
18

THE 'POPULAR MAGAZINE

  She was hurrying, and as she ex-
tended her hand, she was somewhat
breathless.

  “I am afraid I have made you wait!”
she exclaimed. “Not being on time is
a fault I try to avoid. My cousins will
be right down.”

  He murmured the usual bromides in
such cases made- and provided. Miss
Lynde, in a simple evening gown, was
even better to look upon than she had
been in street clothes that afternoon.
The reddish glints in her hair were em-
phasized by the electric light. There
were spots of color in her creamy
cheeks. Braxton noticed that the pu-
pils of her eyes were dilated. He'hadn’t
observed that in the afternoon, but then
he had had little opportunity to study
her eyes. With pupils enlarged, as they
were now, he thought, and in the eve-
ing, their color was neither gray nor
blue, but of a deep pansy shade.

  She was talking vivaciously. “I
came by Cousin Mary’s room, and told
her she was late,” she said, “and she
replied they would be right down.
Wasn’t it a beautiful sunset? We drove
out to Chapultepec. You have been
there at sunset, of course ? Ixtlacihuitl
and Popocatapetl were in plain sight
to-day. Who could believe those old
sleeping volcanoes were eighty miles
away? Have you ever been to Ori-
zaba ?”

  Waite made monosyllabic replies as
required, but there seemed little need
for him to talk. She rattled on, touch-
ing subject after subject. He had not
thought, that afternoon, that she was
a young woman likely to be nervous in
manner or speech; he would have to
revise that opinion. She did not pos-
sess quite as much poise as he had ex-
pected.

  She sat facing the stairway, and fre-
quently turned her eyes toward it.
“They are coming!” she exclaimed
finally, and he rose with her and went
forward a few steps to meet the Car-

sons—a quiet, prim, colorless little man
of forty to forty-five, and a quiet, prim,
colorless little wife of about the same
age.

 Mrs. Carson, who was “Cousin
Mary,” took Braxton’s hand and said
in a perfectly correct manner, with just
the right amount of courteous em-
phasis, that she wanted to thank him
for his service to Esther. Mr. Carson
shook hands with equal cordiality, and
added his thanks.

  Then, with an air that was almost as
though their duty for the occasion had
been completed, the Carsons subsided
into chairs, and Miss Lynde resumed
her vivacious conversation. Braxton
himself was a good talker, and he found
his wits busied in keeping up with her
shifts of subject. So nervous a bril-
liancy was a quality that surpassed him.

  He was enjoying himself. Only occa-
sionally does one meet a young woman
who combines beauty of face, figure,
and mind. Miss Lynde had them all to
a marked degree. A most attractive
girl!

  The stairways were within the range
of his eye. Into view, descending from
the third floor, came dress shoes, highly
correct dress trousers, a white waist-
coat, and expanse of shirt front—and
the face of Fritz von Arnoldt. The Ger-
man was clean-shaven—the upturned
mustaches that Braxton remembered as
emphasizing his military caste when
they had met in Buenos Aires were
gone—but in other respects he had not
changed. Erect, pink-cheeked, blue-
eyed, of distinguished manner, he was
a man to look at twice. Also, Braxton
knew by experience, a man to consider
very seriously as a factor in any inter-
national matters with which he was con-
cerned.

  As he crossed from the foot of the
second flight to the head of the first,
Von Arnoldt looked across and saw
them. He raised his hat with pleasant
cordiality, and Miss Lynde and the Car-
A FOU<RFOUD GAME

19

sons bowed. If Von Arnoldt recognized
Braxton, if he even noticed him, he
gave no sign, but continued leisurely
down to the ground floor.

  The talk ran on—of the sensational
rumors of the intervention that were
making possible such experiences as
Miss Lynde had undergone that after-
noon, of people and things in New
York and Washington, of changes in
Mexico City since the Madero revolu-
tion. Braxton lost track of the train
of conversation for a few seconds, as
Leroy Payne ascended the stairs and
disappeared toward the third floor.
Payne did not seem to glance in Brax-
ton’s direction.

  Barely two minutes had elapsed, and
Miss Lynde was saying something
about the absurdity of paying twelve
pesos for a bunch of violets in the
flower market that has a reputation for
being one of the cheapest in the world,
when Payne came down the stairs. He
was leaping—two steps at a time—and
his face was startled and pale. He
went on down to the ground floor.
Why was he leaving so soon ? Why
was he in such a violent hurry ?

  A moment more, and Payne re-
appeared, returning upstairs. A clerk
was hurrying beside him, and the man-
ager of the hotel, a stout, elderly man,
toiled behind. Then, after a very short
time, there came two policemen, guided
by an obviously excited page.

  “There seems to be something un-
usual,” ventured Mr. Carson mildly.
“It looks as though the police were
going to make an arrest.”

  “If we were in New York, we would
be crowding to take a look-see,” said
Braxton, trying to speak lightly, al-
though he could not but feel that what-
ever had happened was likely to have a
bearing on his own fortunes. “Here it
is usually better to allow the police to
do their work without undue curiosity.”

  Miss Lynde was staring at the stairs.
Her eyes were widened. For a mo-

ment she pressed a hand to the corsage
of her dress. Seeing Braxton’s eyes
upon her, she dropped it.

  “Isn’t it exciting?” she said, and
laughed—a little unnaturally, he
thought. “Such things always set me
fairly atremble.”

  He could not make it out. She her-
self had passed through a very har-
rowing experience that very aftarnoon,
and he was willing to swear that when
he had taken her arm to conduct her
away from police, soldiers, pale-faced
Mexican captain, and dark-faced Mex-
ican mob, she had trembled not at all.

  A buzz of confusion came from the
floor below. Involuntarily they all rose
and stepped to look over the balcony
rail.

  A squadron of police—not less than
twenty men—was filing in through the
single entrance of the hotel. The of-
ficer in charge was giving sharp, quick
orders. No person was to be allowed
to leave the hotel. No one should pass
from one floor to another.

  Policemen came running up the
stairs. One stopped at the head of the
first flight. The others continued on
higher.

  “Whatever it is, it looks as if it
might be serious,” said Braxton.

  “Dear me!” remarked Mrs. Carson,
almost placidly.

  Mr. Carson was leaning over the
balcony. He called over his shoulder:

  “Esther! Here comes Colonel-

What is his name, Esther? He was at
the Alburns’ dinner.”

  “Colonel Mitze,” she answered, iden-
tifying an alert, white-mustached man
in full uniform, who had elbowed his
way in through the door, and seemed to
be making quick-pointed inquiries. “He
is with the- foreign-affairs department.”
The new arrival exchanged a few
words with the police officer in charge,
and together they came up the stairs.
At that moment the hotel manager, the
clerk, Leroy Payne, and the two police-
20

THE cPO<PULAcR MAGAZINE

men who had been the first to go up
came down the second flight. They met
Colonel Mitze and his companion on
the second floor.

  “Good evening, colonel,” said Payne.
“I am tremendously glad to see you.”

  “Good evening, senor. Step this way,
please.”

  Mitze, Payne, policemen, manager,
and clerk came around the side bal-
cony to the place where Braxton and
his acquaintances were standing. The
colonel recognized Miss Lynde and the
Carsons, and bowed abstractedly. He
turned brusquely to Payne.

  “Now, senor!” he said. “Tell me as
quickly as possible, please. Just how
did it happen ?”

  The American replied promptly and
steadily:

  “I had an appointment with Colonel
Calderon at a quarter of nine o’clock or
thereabouts, in his room. He had told
me to come up. I did so. The door to
the room was ajar. He was on the
floor, dead. The knife was still in his
heart.”

CHAPTER V.

A VANISHED NOTE.

  Esther Lynde, at Braxton’s elbow,
gasped audibly. Her face was white;
her left hand was pressed to her side;
her eyes, horrified, were fixed on
Payne’s face; she swayed.

  “Hadn’t you better sit down?” Brax-
ton advised her solicitously. “I am
afraid we cannot leave here for some
minutes.”

  “I am all right,” said the girl, get-
ting control of herself with an effort.
“It startled me—a murder so near us—■
I am all right.”

  Payne was going on with his brief
story:

  “I stepped into the room—just long
enough to see that I could be of no help
—and ran downstairs to notify the
hotel people. They sent for the police
and went back to the room with me.”

  “Was any one on the third floor when
you went up ?”

  “No one.”

  “Did you meet any one coming down
the stairs? I am informed Colonel
Calderon had not been in his room more
than ten or fifteen minutes.”

  Payne seemed to hesitate, to try to
recollect, but only for a breath. “No
one,” he said.

  Colonel Mitze turned to Braxton.
“Who are you, senor?” he asked.

  “My name is Braxton—Waite Brax-
ton—of New York.”

A flash of recognition lit the colonel’s
eyes. “I have heard of you,” he said.
“How long have you been in the hotel ?”
“I came in at just eight-thirty. The
clerk had me brought here.”

  “You have been on this floor all the
time? Do you—did you know Colonel
Calderon?”

  “Yes.”

  “Were you here when he went up-
stairs ?”

  “Yes.”

  “Was any one with him—or did any
one follow him ?”

  “He was alone. I didn’t notice any
one else going upstairs’afterward until
I saw Mr. Payne.”

  “I have been facing the staircase
most of the time”—it was Miss Lynde
who spoke—“and I do not recall any
one.”

  Colonel Mitze turned to her. “You
knew Colonel Calderon?”

  “By sight, yes.”

  “And you also were here when he
went up?”

  She paused almost inappreciably.
“Yes.”

  “Who has descended the stairs since
then?”

“Mr. and Mrs. Carson came down.”
Mitze addressed them. “Did you
meet any one on the stairs, or on the
third floor, or did you hear or see any-
thing unusual there?”

  Mr. Carson replied in halting Span-
A FOURFOLD GAME

21

ish: fT don’t think we saw a soul from
the time we came out of our room un-
til we got here.” In English he added,
“Did we, Mary?”.and then translated
to her what he had said.

  “Dear me!” exclaimed Mrs. Carson.
“It’s hard to think. Esther came to the
door and said she was coming down,
and we followed as soon as we could.
I don’t remember meeting anybody, or
seeing anybody.”

  “We are searching all the rooms on
the third, fourth, and fifth floors,” said
the police official in charge, “and
rounding up the servants. It isn’t
likely the murderer has escaped.” He
turned to Payne. “What was your
business with Colonel Calderon ?” he
asked. “And how did you happen to
go up without being announced?”

  “I am the Mexican representative of
the New York-Mexico Development
Company,” replied Payne. “We have
charge of the business-of a corporation
—the Hacienda Les Esperanza—which
has lands in Tamaulipas. There have
been certain taxes against these lands
to which the owners protested. I filed
the protest with the state department,
and asked for a speedy reply. Colonel
Calderon telephoned me this afternoon
and kindly offered to discuss the mat-
ter with me if I would call at his room
here. He told me I should come right

UP •” V

  The police officer looked inquiringly
at Colonel Mitze. That officer spoke.
“I happen to know that all this is true,”
he said. “I have seen the correspond-
ence. I know that only to-day Cal-
deron was preparing the figures to give
Senor Payne. Furthermore, I was in
Calderon’s room when he telephoned
Senor Payne and made the appoint-
ment.”

  Braxton sighed with relief. When
Colonel Calderon so carefully built up
this chain of circumstantial protection
for himself, how little he realized he
was proving the necessary defense for

a man who might fall under suspicion
of being his murderer!

  The policeman took a few sheets of
paper from his blouse and handed them
to Mitze. “Would these be the figures
Colonel Calderon was to show Senor
Payne?” he asked.

  “The same,” replied Mitze, after a
glance. “Where did you get them?”
“Our first act was to search the body.
These were in the breast pocket of his
coat.”

  Braxton, with an effort, repressed his
desire "to put the question that logically
followed. But Mitze asked it:

  “Were there any other papers?”
“None that seem to be important. "
An old letter or two. A small notebook
with memoranda of appointments—in-
cluding this one with Senor Payne, by
the way. Nothing else.”

  “Had the body been robbed?”

  “In his pockets were his watch, some-
thing over a thousand pesos in cur-
rency, and eighty dollars in United
States gold. His studs and rings were
untouched.”

  The police official, as Colonel Mitze
seemed for a moment lost in thought,
turned again to Payne.

  “How long were you upstairs?” he
asked.

  Payne smiled and shook his head.
“It’s hard to say. Just long enough to
walk up slowly, go into the room, turn
around, and come down very fast.”
“That is true,” put in the hotel man-
ager. “Senor Payne and I stood a mo-
ment conversing beside the desk be-
fore he went up. He left me, ascended
the stairs, and—pronto!—he was com-
ing down again.”

  “You can safely eliminate Senor
Payne from your theories,” said Colo-
nel Mitze, with some impatience. “I
tell you, I knew all about this appoint-
ment of his with Calderon.”

The police official bowed. “It is my
duty to exhaust all inquiries,” he said.
A policeman came down the stairs
22

THE <POtPULJJ<R MAGAZINE

and approached his superior. “We have
gathered all the servants in the house,”
he reported. “Most of them were in
their rooms in the rear of the fifth
floor. They are being taken to the
ground floor in the elevator.”

  “When did the elevator start run-
ning?” the hotel manager asked his
clerk.

  “Kaju must have just got it fixed,”
was the reply. “I seem to remember he
was still hammering above the cage
when we ran upstairs with Senor
Payne.”

 “This elevator man. Where was
he ?” asked the police official. “What
was he doing?”

  “At the top of the shaft. He had
been working there an hour or more.
It got out of order about eight o’clock.”

  The official turned to a policeman.
“Bring the elevator man here !” he com-
manded.

  At this moment the elevator passed
the second floor, descending, filled with
weeping, gesticulating, protesting serv-
ants of both sexes, herded by police-
men. It ascended and made another
downward trip with a similar load.
Then it came up to the second floor,
and the policeman who had received
the order came forward with a short,
wide-shouldered Japanese.

  The man, who looked to be young—
in his late twenties, perhaps—was in
overalls, and very dirty. There was
grease on his hands and grease on his
face. Braxton, shrewdly eying him,
and having some ability to size up peo-
ple of that race, noted that his com-
plexion was comparatively light and his
head well shaped. He faced the police
officer and Colonel Mitze stupidly.

  “Your name?” demanded the officer.

  “Kaju Kimohoto. Excuse. I do not
speak Spanish so good.”

 “Where have you been the last
hour ?”

  “Elevator is stopped. I make re-
pairs. There.” He pointed up and

across the covered patio to where Brax-
ton had seen him at work.

  “See or hear anything unusual? See
anybody down below—on the third
floor?”

  “No. I am at fifth floor. On ele-
vator. I am making adjustment of
shoes. It is small repairs. I do not
need to call machinist. I am elevator
man; make good small repairs. When

elevator shoes need to be-”

  “Enough! You heard no sound—no
unusual sound? You saw no one run-
ning? Did not some one come up the
stairs from the third floor, a little while
ago, to the fifth floor?”

  The Oriental’s face was blank. He
shook his head vaguely.

  “I did not see. I did not hear. I am
on top of elevator; I cannot see un-
less men pass me close. I am some-
times perhaps making noise with ham-
mer; there are nuts that are to be
loosened. Elevator needs to have shoes
adjusted. It is small matter, so I can
fix.”

  “That’s all,” said the officer. “Go
wash your hands and face, and get
back to the car. Maybe we shall want
to see you again in the morning.”

  He turned to Colonel Mitze. “Will
you come down with me while we ques-
tion the servants?” he asked. The colo-
nel nodded.

  “Are we free to go?” asked Brax-
ton. “Or is there any assistance we can
give ?”

  The police official answered courte-
ously : “Thank you, no. We will not
inconvenience you further. If anything
should arise that we need you—you,”
to the Carsons and Miss Lynde, “are
guests here, I understand.” To Payne:
“I know where to reach you.” He
turned to Braxton. “And you?”

  “At the American Club.”

  “Bueno! I wish you good^night.”
He and the colonel, followed by the
manager, the clerk, and the other po-
licemen, hurried downstairs.
A FOU^FOUD GAME

23

  “I think, if you will excuse me, I
will go to my room/’ said Miss Lynde.
She had recovered much of her self-
possession, but was still paler than was
natural. “It has been a strain. That
poor man! He went upstairs, alive and

well, and a few minutes later-”

  “These are war times,” Braxton re-
assured her. “And this is the capital
of a country in revolution. We will
leave you, then.” He addressed Payne.
“Walking toward the club?”

  "I am walking toward the nearest
place where I can get a strong, satisfy-
ing drink of American liquor,” declared
Payne. “It shook me up a whole lot.”
As Braxton took Miss Lynde’s hand
to say good night and murmur that he
hoped he would soon see her again
under pleasanter circumstances, only a
long-practiced habit of self-control en-
abled him to remain cool, smiling, and
suave. Three or four times during the
evening she had inadvertently pressed
her left hand to her side. Now, as she
rose, there protruded ever so slightly
from her corsage the corner of a thick
white envelope. This, of itself, would
have seemed strange. But to this was
added something more startling, if not
sinister. The paper was stained red-
dishly. Not brown, as is the stain of
old blood, but bright red, like new.

  And she had told Colonel Mitze that
she came down the stairs before Cal-
deron went up.

  Braxton and Payne walked briskly
to the club. They did not discuss the
evening’s tragedy on the way; one
could not tell what spy might catch a
word.

  The moment they found seats in a
corner of the lounge, Payne made good
his threat to fortify his nerves with
stimulant. The waiter served the

drinks and went his way. Then-

  “You didn’t get it?” said Braxton.
“No. I shut the door and went
through his clothes like lightning—I
appreciated the importance of getting

out quick and giving the alarm before
time enough should have elapsed for
me to be suspected of it. And I found
—exactly the papers the police found
afterward.”	/

 “Then whoever did it-” /

  “Took the papers. And he wasn’t
robbed of anything else.”

  “It was quick work. The murderer
must have been waiting for him, either
in the room, or just outside, ready to
follow him in. And a beautiful get-
away.”

  “Braxton,” said Payne, “the police
don’t know why he was killed. The
state department doesn’t know. But
you and I know. Now, who did it?”
“We’ve got two guesses.”

  “You mean Japan and Germany.”
  W'aite nodded.

  “And that means the elevator man or
Von Arnoldt. I didn’t mention to the
police, Waite, that I met Von Arnoldt
at the foot of the first flight of stairs.
He came down from the third floor
after the murder was committed.”
“Yes,” said Braxton. “I saw him.”
“Did Miss Lynde see him, too?”
Braxton hesitated. “I think so.”
“But she said nobody came down
from the third floor except the Carsons
after Calderon went up. See here,
Braxton! This is a twisted tangle. I
never would expect Von Arnoldt to go
quite as far as that, but you never can
tell. Ought I to have mentioned meet-
ing him, do you think?”

  “If I did, I'd have mentioned it my-
self. No. -If Von Arnoldt got those
papers, we don’t want them turned over
to the police or the Mexican state de-
partment. Then the fat would, be in
the fire. We want him to keep them—
until we can get them away from him.”
“You mean?”

  “If Von Arnoldt killed Calderon, or
if somebody else went, to get those pa-
pers for him, had to use his knife to
make a get-away, and turned the pa-
pers over to Von Arnoldt, then Von
24

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

Arnoldt will be heading for Germany-
just as soon as he can, won’t he? If
he leaves Mexico, I'm going with him.”
They sat in silence for several min-
utes. Payne finally spoke:

  “Calderon whitewashed himself with
Mitze, all right, and fixed himself a
perfect defense in case he ever got ac-
cused of doing business with us, but
somebody in the department knew he
had copied that Japanese note.”

  “That might apply to either Ger-
many or Japan. They’re both mighty
efficient.”

  Another period of silence. “If Von
Arnoldt leaves for New York, you’re
going with him,” Payne finally said.
“All right! What had I better do?
Now, I mean. To-morrow. To-
night.”

 “Get one of your underground
friends to check up the captain’s plans.
Find out when he is going, and how.
And get me word, quick.”

  “I’ll get busy, right away. Say, old
man, I’m terribly disappointed. I
thought we had it all fixed.”

  Braxton smiled grimly.- “I’m some
disappointed myself,” he said. “But
the game isn’t played out yet.” He
rose. “I want to £et off by myself and
think it over. Hast a manand.”

  Hours passed before sleep came, and
when it did, it was a restless sleep, peo-
pled wTith the same problems that had
kept him tossing wakefully. Sudden
tragedy; policemen; an erect, distin-
guished, smiling Prussian; stalled ele-
vators ; an Oriental face peering over
a balcony; a vanished secret note on
which might hang the destinies of na-
tions ; and a beautiful girl, with golden
hair and pansy eyes, pressing a hand
to her side against a thick envelope, its
corner stained—not brown, as with old
blood, but red, as with new.

  While Waite Braxton was vainly
seeking sleep, and Leroy Payne was
setting in motion the underground ma-

chinery of which he was the engineer,
a little, wide-shouldered man, with- the
resignation of the fatalistic East in his
slanting eyes, sat in his room at the
top of the Hotel Presidente, composing
a brief letter. It was in the Japanese
language, but in Roman characters—
not Chinese ideographs—as becomes
the correspondence of a modern son of
Nippon. When it was finished, he
blotted it carefully, addressed it to an
amiable Japanese who for years had
conducted a curio store in the Avenida
San Francisco, and mailed it. It read:

  Honorable Excellency: With deepest
expressions of regret I have to report that
I have failed in the humble mission so hon-
orably intrusted to me. I therefore beg
your permission to make such reparation
and amends as are becoming to a descend-
ant of Samurai, which I shall do if I have
not received your commands to the contrary
before to-morrow night. Most deferentially
I salute you.

CHAPTER VI.

VON ARNOLDT GETS A SMOKE.

 On the ground floor of the Hotel
Presidente was convened an informal
court of inquisition. The officer of po-
lice presided, assisted by Colone! Mitze.
Before them came servants, clerks,
guests, visitors at the hotel. Each was
examined as to what he had seen or
heard that might have a bearing on the
tragedy in room. No. 81.

  After an hour of diligent investiga-
tion, the sum of the information was
this : Colonel Calderon had ascended
to his room shortly after eight-thirty.
Shortly before nine, Leroy Payne had
called there and found him dead. The
knife with which he was killed was a
plain, ordinary knife, such as one Mex-
ican out of any ten might be expected
to carry. It had no identifying marks.
There were no finger prints in the
room; no bloodstains outside the room
so far as had been discovered. Cal-
deron had not been robbed.
A FOLJCRFOUD GAME

25

  That was all. In other words, after
an hour of questioning, the police stood
exactly where they had stood sixty
minutes before.

  Room No. 80, on one side of Cal-
deron’s, was assigned to a man and his
wife, visitors from Guadalajara. They
had left the hotel at seven o’clock, to
dine with friends. Room No. 82, on
the other side, was unoccupied and
locked. Room No. 83 was Miss
Lynde’s, and No. 84 was occupied by
the Carsons. Other guests* whose
rooms were on the front of the third
floor, were, without exception, absent
from their rooms when the tragedy oc-
curred.

  There were among the servants two
or three whose characters and records
had become a matter of police knowl-
edge ; and although there was nothing
to connect these in any manner with this
crime, they were bundled off, protest-
ing, to the police station.

  Soon after ten o’clock the guard of
police was relaxed, and the Presidente
again came into possession of its nor-
mal management. Colonel Mitze shook
hands with the police official in charge
as that individual prepared to follow
his subordinates back to headquarters,
and said that on account of the late-
ness of the hour he believed he would
telephone his family not to expect him
home, and secure a room for the night
there in the hotel.

  He did this soon after. “Somewhere
above the third floor, if you please,” he
smilingly requested. “I am not super-
stitious, but-”

  “On the fourth?” suggested the clerk.
“I can give you No. 114, on the fourth
floor, front.”

  “Excellent!”

  Colonel Mitze soon after retired. An
hour later there came a cautious rap
upon his door. He opened it quickly,
to find Captain von Arnoldt upon the
threshold.

  “Good evening,” said the German. “I

wonder if you could accommodate me
with a cigarette. I find my case empty,
the stand downstairs must be closed
long ago, and I am an unfortunate
slave to tobacco.”

  “With pleasure,” declared the colonel
cordially. “Come in, senor. I should
be honored if you would visit a few
moments and smoke with me. I have
been sitting in thought. The recent
stirring events make me wakeful.”
Von Arnoldt bowed, entered, and the
door closed.

  Colonel Mitze, however, made no
move to offer his late guest cigarettes.
He crossed the room to an open win-
dow, leaned out, and surveyed the fire
escape below, above, and to each side.
It was empty. He noted that a win-
dow was open in an adjacent room,
whereupon he closed his own window
and the wooden blinds. Von Arnoldt
meantime had stood silently in the mid-
dle of the room.

  Satisfied that they could neither be
seen nor overheard by eavesdroppers,
the colonel drew a chair to the center
and motioned the German to another
near at hand. He spoke cautiously:

  “A strange coincidence, Senor Ar-
noldt, that I should have arrived here
on my errand to meet you just after
the death of my poor friend, Calderon.
I noticed you were within hearing when
I engaged this room on the same floor
as yours. If you had not come to me
very soon, I should have come to you,
but I was waiting. I thought meeting
here' was better.”

  Von Arnoldt bowed. “I feared the
incident had upset our plans.”

  “Only temporarily. We could not go
on with them naturally, while the in-
vestigation was in progress. Besides, I
hoped to be able to help get at the bot-
tom of the mystery of his death. He
was my friend. He has been my as-
sistant sinceJ entered the department.”
The German’s face expressed sym-
26

THE W^PULA^R MAGAZINE

pathy, but he remained silent. Colonel
Mitze sighed.

  “Well, his sudden end, poor fellow,
cannot be allowed to interfere with
matters of state that have to be done.”
He unbuttoned his waistcoat and took
from an inner pocket an envelope.
“Here is the communication. You pro-
pose, I understand, to place it person-
ally in the hands of the highest possible
authority.”

  “The foreign secretary, at least. Per-
haps the emperor,” replied Von Arnoldt
simply.

  “Good ! It is in Spanish. There was
no way we could reduce it to any code
that would leave it still in force as a
communication between nations. There
is a certain risk to handing it to you in
such a form.”

  “No one shall see it until it reaches
Berlin—unless I am dead,” said Von
Arnoldt gravely. “And, even if acci-
dent befalls me, I think no one will find
it. I do not boast, colonel, but this is
not the first secret message that has
been intrusted to me—and the others
did not fall into hostile hands.”

  “I know. We are familiar with your
record, and the trust that is reposed in
you in Wilhelmstrasse.”

  He handed the German the packet,
which Von Arnoldt placed carefully in
an inside pocket. Von Arnoldt broke
the silence that followed.

  “Is it permissible,” he asked, “to tell
me, for my personal information,
whether this message is identical in con-
tents with that which General Valdez is
carrying to Japan ?”

  “That question, senor, is answered by
the note itself. The form differs some-
what. They bear similarly on the same
subject. You understand there must
naturally be some divergence—Japan
and Germany being at this moment on
opposite sides in the present unfor-
tunate hostilities.”

  Von Arnoldt rose to his feet. “I
shall try to leave for Vera Cruz day

after to-morrow morning.” He looked
at his watch. “No,” he corrected, “to-
morrow morning—it is already past
midnight, and another day. Should I
have any trouble getting my passports
vised, or otherwise in making plans, I
trust your office will facilitate me. Be
assured I shall not call upon you un-
less it is necessary.”

  “I think it will not be. Foreigners
with clear papers are not having trou-
ble leaving the country just now—not
even Americans. However, you have

only to get me word-”

  “I thank you, colonel. And now, as I
shall not see you again—at least on this
visit—let me thank you for your cour-
tesy and kindness. And will you ex-
press my sentiments of deepest consid-
eration to your most distinguished
chief?”

  “It will be a pleasure. He would
have done himself the honor to place
these papers in your hands in person,
but it was better that I, a subordinate—

and not at the palace-”

  “I appreciate the position perfectly.
And so, my dear colonel, I bid you
good-by, and hope the negotiations we
have been honored in furthering will
advance to the mutual advantage of our
beloved countries.” They shook hands
and bowed deeply, in the Continental
fashion. Then, from his own case, he
took a cigarette, lighted it, and stepped
to the door.

  “You have given sleep to one who
otherwise might have remained wakeful
for who knows how many hours,” he
laughed, as he threw open the door.
“What was it the American humorist
wrote? ‘A woman is only a woman,
but a cigarette is a smoke.’ ”

  “The pleasure, senor, has been mine,”
replied Colonel Mitze. “I wish you
calm nerves and pleasant dreams.”
Wrhether or not this wish came true,
there was nothing in Captain von Ar-
noldt’s appearance, as he appeared
downstairs before eight o’clock the fol-
A FOURFOLD GAME

27

lowing morning, to indicate that he had
not passed a comfortable night. He en-
tered the dining room with his accus-
tomed erect jauntiness, breakfasted
heartily and leisurely, and then, at the
hotel desk, announced to the manager
that he would be giving up his room on
the following morning, after which he
engaged a cab and called at the rail-
road ticket office and upon the proper
officials for the viseing of his pass-
ports.

  He completed these errands at a lit-
tle before ten o’clock. At ten-fifteen,
Braxton, who had not fallen asleep
until nearly daylight, and was busily
making up for it, was awakened by
Payne.

  “Up, thou sluggard!” commanded his
visitor. “While you saw wood, Rome
burns !”

  Braxton rubbed his eyes and sought
to rouse himself completely. “Lord!
Look what time it is!” he exclaimed.
He threw water on himself, and his
thoughts became coherent. “What’s
that about Rome burning? What’s hap-
pened ?”

  “Nothing, yet. But my underground
has just reported that our Teutonic
friend takes the train for Vera Cruz
to-morrowT morning. There is a sailing
the following day for Havana and New
York. Something tells me you are
about to take a long journey.”

  Braxton began to dress hurriedly.
“It almost seems like leaving the job
to go away with Von Arnoldt on the
chance that he has that note,” he said,
after a few moments. “After all, what
we are supposed to do is to get a copy
of it—not stop Germany from doing so.
I wonder if I am making a mistake. I
wonder if I oughtn’t to stay here and
try to get another copy from some other
Mexican than Calderon.”

  “I don’t know from whom,” con-
fessed Payne. “And if I find there is
somebody else that can be touched for

it—well, it won’t take you but ten days
to get back here, and it’s as easy to get
into Mexico as it is to get out—some-
times easier.”

  “In the meantime, Leroy, it’s a cinch
you are safe in adding Mr. Kimohoto,
of the Presidente, to your list of for-
eign attaches. He may have had noth-
ing to do with that affair last night, but
that complexion and forehead do not
fit his apparent stupidity.”

  “Correct!” said Payne. “And there
are a lot more of them. Make a list
of Japanese residents in a foreign coun-
try, and you have a fairly correct list
of Japanese spies. And the duke would
become a dishwasher, if the elder
statesman said so. You can’t beat that!
And, speaking of hard things to beat,
how are you going to get that message,
if he has it, away from Von Arnoldt?
He’s some able citizen, that hombre!”
“I don’t know. Sufficient unto the
day. If he leaves the boat at Havana,
that’s one thing. If he goes on to New
York, that’s something else again. I
think I’d rather he went on to New
York, and I’ve got ajiunch he will. It
is easier to get into Germany through
Sweden than any other way* and there
are boats from New York to Stock-
holm. And now I’m going to have two
cups of coffee, not Mexican style, and
hustle out to see about my tickets and
passports.”

  “I’ll see you here at the club about
noon; perhaps my underground will de-
velop some more information. By the
way, Waite, do you often play a hunch
like you’re playing this one?”

  “As a matter of fact, I don’t very
often play them at all,” replied Brax-
ton, seriously ignoring his companion’s
jocularity. “But the hunch I’ve got
that that document Calderon had is
going north on the boat with Von Ar~
noldt is very, very clearly defined.”
Early the following morning, Brax-
ton, accompanied by Payne to see him
off, entered the railroad station and
28

THE mVULJicR MAGAZINE

prepared to board the train that climbs
the mountains about Mexico City, and
then, in a few hours, drops eight thou-
sand feet down to the sea.

  The details of preparing for the jour-
ney had taken nearly all his time the
preceding day. He had called at the
Presidente late in the afternoon, and
asked for Miss Lynde or the Carsons,
only to be informed they were all out.
He left his card, with a brief pencil-
ing that he was leaving the city, and re-
gretted not seeing them again. It was a
disappointment; he felt singularly at-
tracted to the girl, notwithstanding their
divergent paths of duty, and the evi-
dence of his own eyes and reason.

  Now, as he stood in the station, he
could not help thinking of her and
wondering if fate would ever bring
them together again. He hoped it
would; grimly he thought that people
in their business usually meet again
sooner or later, if the Reaper spares
them long enough. Witness, as illustra-
tion, his present journey just to be in
the company of Fritz von Arnoldt,
whom last he saw in South America.

  From a carriage, preceded by a
portero loaded with luggage, came Von
Arnoldt, at this moment. He saw
Braxton and Payne, and approached
them, smiling.

 “Good morning, Mr. Payne,” he
cried, in excellent English. “Am I to
have the pleasure of your company
down to the coast—perhaps out onto
the bounding main ?”

  Payne shook his head. “I am sorry
to say I am still condemned to exile
from my home, my native land,” he
laughed. “My friend Braxton is going.'
Let me make you gentlemen ac-
quainted. Mr. Braxton, Mr. Arnoldt.”

  “If I am not mistaken, we have met
—some time ago,” smiled the German,
shaking hands cordially. “It was—in
Buenos Aires, if I remember correctly.
Yes. In Buenos Aires. About three
years ago, Mr. Braxton. You were on

a business trip, as I recall it. I saw you
several times.”

  “I remember you very well, indeed,”
agreed Waite, with a proper degree of
warmth. “Very well.” He knit his
brows. “I do not recall your business.
You had interests in one of the Ger-
man banks, did you not?”

  “I transacted considerable business
with several of them, although I was
not exactly interested.” Waite hoped
he had succeeded in impressing Von
Arnoldt with the fact that he had for-
gotten his connections on the South
American occasion, which would also
imply that he did not remember either
his title of “captain” or prefix of “von.”
“You, as I recall it, were at that time
with the Universal Oil Company.”
“That’s what it is to be connected
with an octopus, Waite!” exclaimed
Payne merrily. “You can’t escape
being identified with it. The only thing
that has saved Braxton from being
muckraked,” he explained confi-
dentially to Von Arnoldt, his eyes
twinkling, “is his youth and otherwise
good character.”

  The German laughed. “I had feared
I should be lonely on my journey.
This is a great pleasure.”

  Braxton opened his mouth to con-
tinue the pleasant badinage, but closed
it again. Through the portal came Mr.
Carson, Mrs. Carson, and Esther
Lynde. Miss Lynde looked from Brax-
ton to Payne, from Payne to Von Ar-
noldt, and back to Braxton again.

  “Are you going to Vera Cruz, too?”
she cried.

  “Yes. Are you?”

 Then they both looked at each
other’s pile of luggage and laughed, and
Payne and Von Arnoldt joined in.
Braxton thought she looked surprised,
but not regretful. “It looks as though
we might have, on a trip that I ex-
pected would be lonely, a most pleas-
ant and congenial party/’ said the Ger-
man. “I was delighted to learn Mr.
A FOUCRFOUD GAME

29

Braxton was to be a fellow passenger.
Your presence makes the company
ideal/’

  An official announced that the train
was ready. The “exploration en-
gine/’ which would precede the train to
make sure that bandits, loosened rails,
or dynamite should not interfere with
its orderly progress to Vera Cruz, was
at that moment leaving. A second
train, which would follow the pas-
senger, carrying a company of soldiers
in case of emergency, was ready to
start. The five entered a car together,
bade merry farewells to Payne, and the
train moved.

  At just that moment the manage-
ment of the Hotel Presidente was re-
porting to the police that Kaju Kimo-
hoto, elevator attendant, had failed to
appear for duty at the usual hour that
morning. His room had been forced,
and his body found there. The man-
ner of his death was clear—that grue-
some, ceremonial form of suicide
known in his native land as hara-kiri.

CHAPTER VII.

AT SEA.

  Quite without excitement the train
ride to Vera Cruz proved to be. Ban-
dits, if any lurked in the mountain
pass through which they journeyed, re-
served their dynamite for some more
convenient season, when exploration
engines and following troop trains
should not be so interferingly in evi-
dence.

  The time schedule was considerably
slower, and the train moved more cau-
tiously than it was wont to do when
Don Porfirio’s rurales kept peace be-
tween the Pacifie and the Gulf. And
there were relics of war along the right
of way—charred ties, twisted rails, here
and there the metal of a destroyed
freight car. From time to time,
through the windows, they could see
patches of the new vegetation that has

been planted in tens of thousands of
spots in Mexico during the past five
years, and is the only flourishing crop
in all the country in these latter days—
the clumsy, rough-made crosses stick-
ing in the ground, which bear not the
simplest inscription, but declare, each
one of them: “Here a man died !”

  These things were there to remind
the passer-by that war had been and
was, but nothing untoward happened to
bring it home to them. The day’s jour-
ney was pleasantly uneventful.

  Von Arnoldt proved a delightful
traveling companion, and Miss Lynde
was as bright, as sparkling, as vivacious,
and as charming as Braxton would have
expected her to be. What shock of
nerves she had undergone two nights
before had not left any noticeable ef-
fect. Appraising her at moments when
she could not know she was under ob-
servation, Waite was unable to see that
she showed the slightest sign of any
burden on either mind or conscience.

  Rather, he would have said her atti-
tude was one of relief—an attitude that
she frankly confessed before they had
fairly left the railroad yards of Mex-
ico City behind, although she credited
her feelings to a different cause than he
surmised was responsible.

  “Thank goodness, we are leaving!”
she exclaimed. “I thought it would be
fine and adventurous to visit Mexico,
and when Cousin Mary’s interests made
it advisable that she and Cousin
Thomas should come in person to
straighten them out, I bullied them into
bringing me. But—— Ugh!” She
shuddered. “The United States never
appealed to me so much in my life as it
does this minute!”

  “We are not out of Mexico yet,” sug-
gested Mrs. Carson. “I wish you
wouldn’t exult so soon; it seems almost
like flying in the face of Providence.
For my part, if I had really believed
sudden death was hanging around cor-
30

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

ners the way it is in Mexico, I wouldn’t
have come. And it might have cost me
quite a bit of proppity, too,” she added.
From which last word but one Brax-
ton identified her as certainly of New
England upbringing. A queer charac-
ter, he thought, to be wandering
through a country at war, trusting for
protection to a husband apparently as
unsophisticated as herself, and a girl.

  Then his mind came up sharp, with
a shock, against the proposition that
the Carsons and Miss Lynde were not
alone, but under the protection of as
competent an adventurer as traveled
the Seven Seas. He had almost for-
gotten their association with Von Ar-
noldt.

 The German more than once ex-
pressed his delight at so unexpectedly
finding Miss Lynde his traveling com-
panion. Both he and the girl, Braxton
had to confess, acted this part with
consummate skill. Each had seemed
properly surprised at the presence of
the other at the station, without in the
least overdoing it, and there was noth-
ing in their manner now to indicate that
they had any common interest other
than pleasant friendship.

  There were no. difficulties in the way
of the party’s embarkation at Vera
Cruz, and the following afternoon saw
them outside the harbor and heading
across the waters of the Gulf.

 Arrangements were made with the
purser for seats at the captain’s table,
and the first dinner found Miss Lynde,
Braxton, and Von Arnoldt there to eat '
it, a merry, laughing party. Neither
of the Carsons were 011 hand. A sailor
would not have called the Gulf swell
rough that night, but a landsman might
have; the Carsons were not good
sailors.

  Braxton, whose sea legs were always
easily attained and held, experienced a
feeling of pleasure when he learned
that Miss Lynde was also immune to
seasickness. That Von Arnoldt, too,

was able to take his three to five meals
a day, whatever the condition of the
sea, or the shifting angle of the deck,
was a fly in the ointment, but not a
very big one.

  In fact, Braxton felt rather gratified
at realizing the German would probably
be on deck most of the trip. It might
furnish opportunity to learn where he
had concealed the cipher which Waite
did not doubt had long since passed
from Miss Lynde’s possession into his.
That it might prevent uninterrupted
walks and talks with the girl, Braxton
also realized and regretted. Yet it
could not be said he suffered very seri-
ous disappointment; admiration he felt
for Miss Lynde, and a certain pleasure
in her company, but if any deeper at-r
traction had begun to exist, he was
quite unconscious of it. He would
have laughed incredulously, had some
one with a gift for reading the future
told him what spell was about to be
worked by those two accomplished
slaves of Cupid—Sea Voyage and
Propinquity. . Perhaps, after he had
laughed, he would have set his mind
and heart to resist the spell. This, how-
ever, as he was not warned, is some-
thing hidden away forever from all
prying eyes in that filing cabinet of the
Fates which bears the label: “What
might have been.”

  By the passenger list beside his plate
at dinner, Braxton observed Von Ar-
noldt had again suffered loss to his
name. The last letter was missing—by
the German’s own act, without doubt
—and he was no longer recorded as
from Mannheim. “F. Arnold, New
York City,” was the name as it ap-
peared on the ship’s register. He had
been speaking English exclusively—
except when Spanish was necessary—
since they left Mexico City. Now, on
shipboard, he continued this, and in
various other ingenious ways sought
to convey the impression to strangers
that he was entirely an American—of
A FOU<RFOUD GAME

31

German descent, clearly, but, never-
theless, an American.

  “One cannot tell the prejudices even
of the best-intentioned neutrals, in
these days,” he laughed. “There is no
reason why a German should delib-
erately emphasize his nationality—espe-
cially on the high seas.” From which
chance remark was born in Braxton’s
mind an idea that incubated until it
helped, some days later, to solve a most
difficult problem.

  In the test o,f wits that must be ap-
plied before the Lampasas should
sweep past Sandy Hook, he felt he
had one distinct advantage. He knew
the personality and vocation of his op-
ponents, while to them he was merely
Braxton, of Universal Oil, an agent
for big business.

  But did he know this? He asked
himself the question, very seriously,
sitting alone late that night in a shel-
tered corner of the boat deck after
most of the other passengers had gone
to bed.

  As to Von Arnoldt’s trade, there was
no guesswork. But Esther Lynde ? He
arrayed what facts regarding her he
possessed. They were comparatively
few, but they bore out uncompromis-
ingly the suspicion that Payne had
voiced when her name was first men-
tioned in his presence.

  In brief, they summed up thus: She
was a young woman of unusual self-
reliance, unquestioned good breeding,
and cosmopolitan training. She had en-
tered Mexico at a moment w'hen few
women would have done so; her re-
mark that she had done this because she
thought it would be “fine and adventur-
ous” could not be taken at its face value
-—it implied a lesser grade of intel-
ligence than she obviously possessed.
Her arrival in Mexico City had been
coincident with the arrival of one of
Germany’s most able and experienced
secret agents; they had speedily become

intimate acquaintances; and she was de-
parting from the country with him.

  Last—and strongest evidence—was
the incontrovertible fact that she and
Von Arnoldt had been the only people,
with the exception of the clearly in-
nocent Carsons, to come down the third-
floor stairs after Colonel Calderon wrent
up them to his death, her unnatural
confusion and emotion during the hour
that followed, and the red-stained en-
velope carried in such untimely fashion
in the bodice of her dress. This, plus
the equally incontestable fact that, as
regards her time of coming down the
stairs, she had made a deliberate mis-
statement.

  Braxton did not for the briefest sec-
ond credit Miss Lynde with actual par-
ticipation in the murder of Calderon.
He would have staked his reputation on
that. For that matter, he was inclined
to doubt that Von Arnoldt had done
the actual killing—the man was un-
scrupulous enough in the service in
which he was engaged, but hardly an
assassin. Yet who knew that the
crime was the work of a deliberate as-
sassin? Was it not equally probable
that some plan to gain possession of
the papers without violence had gone
awry, and necessitated, as the only price
of immunity from exposure, the sud-
den knife thrust? He believed who-
ever had gained the cipher from Cal-
deron’s pocket had very soon afterward
intrusted it to Miss' Lynde. Further
than this, he did not believe her to be
implicated. And yet he had to admit
that in this feeling of confidence he was
letting his heart rule his head.

  He could find but one flaw in the in-
dictment.

  Why should a young American girl
enter the service of Germany at a mo-
ment when she might have to choose in
allegiance between that country and
her own? Or, if she had entered that
service when doing its work implied no
lack of loyalty to her own flag, why
32

THE VO(PULA(R MAGAZINE

should she remain in it after its duties
involved a choice between two nations,
one of them a foreign one? These two
questions were to be answered in most
natural fashion on the following day;
but at this moment Braxton could find
no reasonable explanation, unless, in-
deed, Miss Lynde was only masquerad-
ing as an American, and he believed no^
actress in the world could portray the
part so well, unless she were to the
manner born. Besides, there were the
cousins—colorless Mr, Carson, with his
retiring inofifensiveness, and colorless
Cousin Mary, with her Yankee talk of
“proppity.”

  But who and what were the Carsons ?
Two days of close association with the
party had clearly convinced Waite that
Miss Lynde did not look to them for
advice and consent as to what she pro-
posed to undertake. On the contrary,
she made the decisions and issued the
orders—in the form of requests and
suggestions, diplomatically put—and
they did her bidding. Therefore it was
a justifiable conclusion that they were
mere companions of the girl—a neces-
sary chaperon and the chaperon’s
necessary husband.

  And must he count them as active
opponents? Wrere they also in the serv-
ice of the power by which the girl was
employed? He doubted it. He ques-
tioned soinewhat their actual blood
relationship to Miss Lynde, while re-
proaching himself for letting his sus-
picions carry him that far, but he did
not credit them with sufficient strength
of character or intelligence to be play-
ing the great game, except as passive
and, perhaps, unconscious participants.

  The missing cipher he felt reason-
ably certain was now in the possession
of Von Arnoldt. Two problems pre-
sented themselves—to learn where it
was and to gain possession of it. Not
any more difficult, he thought grimly,
than to ascertain the chemical composi-
tion of the rocks on the moon’s surface

and present samples of them before a
committee of scientists.

  Well, he had eight days and more.
Unless the German should spring some
change in his program—and Braxton
could not see wherein that was prob-
able—he was going through to New
York. Eight days to plan and execute.
And if everything else failed, he could,
in a pinch, wireless the chief, and have
the papers seized by the customs of-
ficials, although for many reasons, not
the least of them the international com-
plications, he would not do this unless
every other scheme had been ex-
hausted.

  It was during the following fore-
noon that the one flaw in his indict-
ment against Miss Lynde was proven
not to be a flaw at all, and he received
from her own lips the answer to his
wonder as to how, at this time, she
could consistently be in the same serv-
ice as Captain Fritz.

  The sea had fallen during the night,
and at breakfast time the boat was al-
most on an even keel. Not even spray
was flying across the bows as they sat
—Von Arnoldt, Braxton, and the girl
—in steamer chairs, on the shady side
of the deck, breathing the balmy air
of the subtropics, and .watching the
little twinkling waves break and spill
their miniature crests as the steamship
plowed on its course.

  A procession of porpoises, a whole
family of them, came plunging and
diving in follow-the-leader procession
toward the ship, and disappeared from
view ahead of it.

  “They will be playing in front of the
bow,” the German said. ‘“Did you ever
watch them from there?” Miss Lynde
smiled' a negative.

  “It is very interesting,” he assured
her. “Suppose we go take a look-
see?”

  The trio climbed down the com-
panion ladders, and made their way
around the usual forward-deck obstruc-
A FOU<RFOL<D GAME

33

tions to the very prow of the ship,
where they could look down into the
green water that the bow was sweeping
aside.

  There, sometimes not a yard ahead
of the rushing bow, sometimes fairly
touching it, were the porpoises. They
leaped and turned and dived and
squirmed, keeping just ahead of the
ship, usually a foot or two under water,
but often leaping out of it in curves of
wondrous grace.

  This is always a pretty sight, and a
fascinating one. What passenger in
tropical waters has not watched for
hours the play of porpoises about a
steamer’s bow? Miss Lynde was de-
lighted. Her companions, although the
sight was not new to either of them,
shared her pleasure.

  “It is the very poetry of motion!”
declared Von Arnoldt. Perhaps be-
cause they were out of earshot of any
other passengers, or perhaps by sheer
inadvertence, because it was the tongue
in which the thought had formed, he
spoke in German.

  “One could imagine mermaids play-
ing like that,” Miss Lynde replied,
using the same language with what
seemed to be equal unconsciousness.

  Braxton’s eyes were on the leaping
creatures below. “You speak German
very fluently,” he remarked.

  “Indeed, yes,” said Von Arnoldt.
“Almost perfectly.”

  “There is no reason why I should not
and every reason why I should,” smiled
the girl. “My mother was German,
and I was born in Berlin.”

CHAPTER VIII.

A WIRELESS STRATAGEM.

  Six days, and nothing done. Noth-
ing, that is to say, toward securing pos-
session of the stolen cipher.

  This was not because Braxton had
not assiduously tried. The cash ex-
penditure necessary to get Von Ar-

  3B p

noldt’s stateroom and baggage thor-
oughly searched had been no small
matter, and bringing about this highly
illegal performance had called for his
best skill and diplomacy. But it had
failed. Neither in the German’s bags,
nor hidden in his room, was any sign
of the paper, and he had not placed
anything whatever in the ship’s safe,
or checked any package with the
purser. This did not surprise the
American. He had not really expected
to find the document; judging by what
he himself would do under similar cir-
cumstances, he had not believed Von
Arnoldt would have it anywhere but
on his person.

  So now his problem had become sim-
plified, if “simplified” can be used to
describe a problem that .still seemed to
have no solution short of assault, bat-
tery, and robbery by violence. For
three days now since the searched state-
room, Braxton had been wrestling with
it, considering scheme after scheme,
and discarding each as fast as it formed
because it seemed more wildly imprac-
ticable than the last.

  During this time, however, he had
not been moping about the decks, wear-
ing on his face a reflection of the wor-
ries that were in his mind. He had
participated in the life on shipboard
like any other passenger, and enjoyed
it. Perhaps it is not too much to say
that there had been hours on end when
his errand had been hardly more than
a shadow lurking in the background of
his subconsciousness. In fact, the last
thought but one before he dropped of¥
to sleep nights was often that he was
neglecting his task; that if he were to
apply himself more to studying it,
maybe he would better find a way to
accomplish it. The last thought but
one, you notice. Somehow or other,
night after night, the last thought was
invariably of some incident or other
that had for its central figure a grace-
ful, firm-muscled girl, with creamy
34

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

skin, golden hair that flickered reddish
tints, and eyes that seemed sometimes
blue, sometimes gray, and sometimes
pansy and violet.

  Do not understand that Waite Brax-
ton was consciously in love with Esther
Lynde. He was attracted by her, ad-
mired her, tried to please her, and win
the reward of friendly smile or com-
radely nod; he had no idea of loving
her or trying to win her affection; the
mere fact of their opposite allegiances
was enough to keep his consciousness
from this.

  Nor was he any callow boy, to go"
following whithersoever a pretty face
might lead. And the very rudiments of
the service impress upon its young men
the dangers of too close association
with all fair damosels, most especially
if they be under suspicion of serving
some other government.

  No, he was not in love with Esther
Lynde. He was merely by way of sow-
ing the seed that might later burst forth
into such a harvest.

  They ate at the same table, read in
adjacent deck chairs through long,
drowsy afternoons, took part together
in the various simple games and diver-
sions that break the tedium of ocean
travel, did their mile constitutional
about the deck—usually with Von
Arnoldt as a fellow pedestrian—each
pleasant evening after dinner, stood out
under the stars together, talking of
many things or falling into those un-
derstanding silences that mark the
progress of friendship.

  Von Arnoldt shared this friendship,
but did not endeavor to monopolize it.
It occurred to Braxton more than once
to wonder if the German were in love
with the girl, but he hardly thought so,
although it was difficult ever to guess
what emotions might lie behind the
polished Continental manner. Nor did
he think Esther was desirous of being
more than friend of Von Arnoldt; he
saw nothing to indicate it, at any rate.

In fact, if he had been jealously ana-
lytical of her conduct, he could not have
decided in fairness that she showed any
preference for the society of either him
or his professional rival.

  So the Lampasas plowed on toward
east and north, past Progreso to
Havana, out by Morro Castle again into
the sea, and at last toward the stars in
the Big Dipper, on the last leg of the
homeward cruise.

 They lost some passengers at
Havana, Mexicans who were seeking
the nearest refuge in a Latin land, but
they gained more than they lost, and
the current language spoken became
less Spanish and more English. Many
of the newcomers were tourists return-
ing from brief visits to Cuba. These
included nobody who was known to
Braxton, or who especially interested
him or his companions. He, Miss
Lynde, Von Arnoldt, and the Carsons
remained a coterie sufficient to them-
selves.

  It was at luncheon the day after the
inevitable ship’s concert that Braxton
received the suggestion which he was to
act upon a day later to force the Ger-
man’s hand. It was odd that he got it
indirectly from the biggest bore at the
captain’s table. It was not, in this case,
that wisdom proceeded from the lips of
a fool. What the bore said was not at
all wise; but a twist the conversation
took because of his maunderings gave
Waite his idea.

  The weather was clear and calm, and
Captain Steele w'as performing the
duties that fall to the passenger mas-
ter’s lot when subordinates may be
safely left to guide and control the ship.
That is to; say, he had ceased for the
time to be a navigator, and had become
proprietor, manager, and major-domo
of a floating hotel. He strolled about
the decks, making small talk with the
passengers. He presided with grace
and jollity at his table, making a few
good jokes, telling a few good stories,
A FOU$tFOL<D GAME

35

harmonizing incipient arguments with
tact and diplomacy, and laughing geni-
ally at everybody else’s witticisms, re-
gardless of their excellence or vintage.

  Pity the poor passenger captain at
whose table sits the ass, the wind-
jammer, and the bore! He must wish
he could smite the fool where he sits,
or be called to the bridge to wrestle
even with calamity. A West Indian
hurricane in the Straits, with the Ba-
hama mud banks on the one hand and
the coral keys of Florida on the other,
would be a relief to the master mariner
who for three days has had to approve
the drivelings of the bore who thinks
the Lord endowed him with wisdom.

  This particular nuisance was a nega-
tive individual with a yachting cap, on
his first trip outside the United States.
One gathered, also, without his saying
it, that his idea of the great West was
Cleveland, Ohio, and that, if fate
should ever take him so far south as
Baltimore, Maryland, he would
straightway become a professional
Southerner, and yell louder than any
real Southron at “Dixie” for all the
remainder of his life.

  A harmless person he was, who
would have been inoffensive enough if
he hadn’t felt it necessary to interject
his opinions into every conversation.
“The gift of senseless gab,” Mrs. Car-
son called it—a most expressive New
Englandism.

  When he gave Braxton the idea, he
really said very little, because he was
tactfully, but determinedly, shut off.
The conversation had taken some turn
that brought up the subject of flying
fish.

  “I saw, this morning,”, said the bore,
raising his voice, and then pausing to
observe whether all the table was giv-
ing proper attention, “a flying fish that
propelled itself through the air a
distance of at least twenty yards, or
perhaps twenty-two or three. I have
often observed them do ten yards, or

 thereabouts, but on this occasion I was
 able to get a line that measured it. I
 stood just forward of the smokestack

   “Do you think flying fish have any
 control of their direction when they are
 - out of the water?” Miss Lynde asked
 the captain, as the bore paused to catch
 his breath. “Or do they just sail on the
 wind in the direction in which they
 happen to start?”

   “I don’t think they give a lot of
 thought to where they are going,” Cap-
 tain Steele replied.

   The bore must have been going on,
 despite the interruption, for his voice
 rose:. “And unquestionably a flying
 fish is the most beautiful fish in the

 world. I have observed-”

    “I think a grout is the most beauti-
 ful fish,” said a young New York girl.

   “The fish have wonderful colorings
 at Kingston,” somebody else put in.

    “The true test of a fish’s beauty is
 its taste,” declared a well-to-do manu-
 facturer, with twinkling eyes, who
 often said something when he spoke.
 “That being the case, I am divided be-
 tween swordfish and dinners—those
 Big cunners that you get on the Maine
 coast. They make my mouth water
 just to think of them.”

   “I cannot see,” remarked the bore,
 -. frowning, “how anybody can think a
 swordfish is a handsome fish, although
 I must confess I have never seen them
 except in markets. Now, the flying
 fish-”

   “What do you think is the hand-
 somest fish, captain?” asked the girl
 from New York.

   Captain Steele dropped his napkin
 and prepared to leave both the table
 and the discussion. His reply was
 diplomacy itself; not for seamanship
 alone had he been appointed to man-
 age an ocean ferry.

    “In the little town on the north Eng-
 lish coast where I was born,” he said,
36

THE <PO<PULAcR MAGAZINE

“they had a song that might apply to
that. It began:

      “Of all the fishes in the sea,

      The 'erring is the fish for me.”

  Perhaps the bore kept on talking;.
Braxton did not notice. Two sentences
combined in his mind to give him in-
spiration. One was: “In the little town
on the north English coast where I was
born.” The other: “There is no rea-
son why a German should deliberately
emphasize his nationality—especially
upon the high seas.”

  That night, after dinner, he sent a
note to the captain, asking to see him
privately on a matter of importance.
The messenger brought back word that
he could come to the captain’s room,
back of the bridge and chart house.

  “Captain,” Braxton began. “You are
an American citizen, of course, or you
would not be commanding a ship flying
the American flag. But you were born
in England.”

  The captain bowed in silence, eying
Waite speculatively.

  “Your sympathies, so far as you can
have any, are with the Allies, then, in
the present war ?”

  “I am an American. I have no sym-
pathies. What are you driving at?”
“If you were convinced you could,
by one slightly irregular act, truly serve
America—even though that act injured
Germany—you would do so, wouldn’t
you ?”

  “See here, Mr. Braxton. I don’t
especially like that ‘slightly irregular/
and I don’t know what you’re talking
about. I’ll listen to what you’ve got to
say—if you’ll stop beating about the
bush. But I’ll remark this: If you’re
thinking of saying something that is
in any way against the interests of the
United States, or proposing anything
that a steamship master under the
American flag might not honorably do,
why, you’d better save your breath.”
Braxton sized his man. He liked his

looks and his talk. “In any event,” he
asked, “will you regard what I say as
confidential ?”

  “I will if it is proper for me to do
so, and if it isn’t, you’d better not tell
me.”

  “All right, captain. Listen!” Brax-
ton leaned forward and talked rapidly.
At first Steele maintained his appear-
ance of aloof reserve. Then slowly he
thawed. His eyes showed interest.
He, too, leaned forward. He listened
ten minutes, interrupting occasionally
to ask a question, at the end of which
time he was in possession of as much
of the story as Waite thought it neces-
sary to tell to gain the desired co-
operation. Braxton had not, inciden-
tally, even mentioned the name of
Esther Lynde.

  Then the government agent outlined
his plan. Several times Captain Steele
shook his head negatively. Braxton
modified his suggestions to meet the ob-
jections. After a time he said : •

  “Really, captain, all I ask you to do
is to allow your man to send the mes-
sage anonymously, and that you and he
keep silent about it, both during and
after this voyage. You can do that,
can’t you?”

  The captain considered. “Yes,” he
said, “and I will. Always subject—if
you will excuse a sailor’s bluntness—
always subject to my finding out that
you have deceived me. In which case
I shall make it so damned hot for you
that you’ll wish you hadn’t done it.”

  Braxton wrote a few lines on a sheet
of blank paper, handed it to the cap-
tain, who read it slowly, and nodded,
descended the stairs to the main deck,
and spent the remainder of the evening
in normal fashion. Long afterward, in
the hours when all clear-conscienced
passengers might be presumed to be
asleep, the captain sent for the night
operator from the wireless room. To
that young man he gave definite in-
structions, coupled with threats.
A FOU^FOUD GAME

37

  Thereupon blue sparks quivered and
zigzagged and ripped and crackled in
the wireless room of the Lampasas. A
young man in uniform, sitting with re-
ceivers over his ears aboard his Bri-
tannic majesty’s ship Middlesex, on
patrol ten miles southeast of Sandy
Hook Lightship, adjusted his instru-
ment to get the wave length, rattled a
brief message, and then set out to write
what came crinkling through the ether.
The officer in charge of the Middlesex,
a few moments later, was handed the
following:

  Captain Fritz von Arnoldt, German army,
bearing secret documents, passenger on
Lampasas under name F. Arnold, due to
reach Diamond Shoals noon to-morrow,
bound New York.

CHAPTER IX.

AN INTERNATIONAL INCIDENT.

  Captain' the Honorable James Wil-
liam Aubrey came hastily into the wire-
less room in person.

  “Why isn’t there any signature to
this?” he demanded. “Who sent it?”

  “I don’t know, sir,” replied the
operator. “Some one kept calling
‘British patrol,’ ‘British patrol’—in
words, not by number, and not this ship
by name, so it wasn’t any of our peo-
ple, sir—and finally I asked him what
he wanted, without giving our posi-
tion or number, of course, sir, and he
sent this message. I tried to get him
to sign it-—asked him if he was the
Lampasas—but he wouldn’t reply, sir.”

  “Devilish funny!” grumbled Captain
Aubrey. “See if you can get the Lam-
pasas now, by her regular code num-
ber.”

  The operator consulted a book by
his elbow. As he looked up from it
and reached for his key he said:

  “The Lampasas equipment gives the
same wave length as the message I got,
sir, and it sounded just about strong
enough to be about ten hours beyond

Diamond Shoals.” A few moments
later he exclaimed: “I’ve got him,
sir!”

  “Ask him if he sent us any message
a while ago.”

  A short wait. “He says ‘no,’ sir.”
“Ask him if he minds telling us
whether he has a man on the passenger
list named F. Arnold, and if he has,
where Arnold hails from.”

  Another interval. “He says there is
such a passenger aboard, sir, registered
as from New York.”

  “All right. Thank him and tell him
good night.”

  The British captain stood some min-
utes in the lee of the bridge, his brows
wrinkled, thinking deeply. After a time
he went below and into the senior of-
ficers’ mess, where a thin, eager man,
with young face and gray hair, sat eat-
ing his lunch before going on watch.

  “Randolph,” said the captain, “when
you were naval attache at Berlin, did
you ever run into an officer named Von
Arnoldt—a captain?”

  “Von Arnoldt?” Randolph frowned.
“It seems to me as though I did, sir.
I seem to recall two of them—one in
the artillery, as I remember, and the
other on some sort of detached duty. It
seems to me I never saw that one ex-
cept in mufti, sir.”

 “That would be the man. Would
you know him by sight ?”

  “I think so, sir. Youngish chap, as I
remember—perhaps thirty-five by now.
He was in Berlin a little while, and then
off to some plaCe or other. Some trop-
ical place. Perhaps Africa, sir.”

  Captain Aubrey tossed the warning
that had come anonymously out of the
air on the table. “Read that,” he said.
“Then I’ll tell you about it.”

  “What shall you do, sir ?” asked Ran-
dolph, when he had absorbed the mes-
sage and heard what meager facts the
captain possessed regarding it.

  “I’m going to ask permission to stop
the Lampasas, and send you aboard to
38

THE <PO<PULA<R. MAGAZINE

look Mr. F. Arnold, of New York,
over. If he is the man you remember
in Berlin, and the chief is willing to
take a chance on the international com-
plications, we’ll take him off. And find
out what secret documents he’s got.
Let’s see. We’re about twenty hours
north of Diamond Shoals at easy sail-
ing. The Lampasas is about ten hours
south of there. If we start down the
coast within the next hour or two, we’ll
meet her easily some time to-morrow
afternoon. Daylight, and both of us
well outside the three-mile limit. I’ll
go and work out the message to the
chief at once.”

  “Let’s hope he says ‘yes>’ sir,” said
Randolph, pouring another cup of tea.
“It’s been beastly dull on the station the
last fortnight, sir.”

  What little ground swell rolled that
next noon was not enough to lift the
Lampasas, which forged northward as
steadily and smoothly as though riding
the surface of a p6nd. To the balmi-
ness of southern seas had succeeded the
tang of the north Atlantic in spring-
time. Passengers were all out on deck,
enjoying the sunshine and bracing air,
but tropical white had given way to
heavy wraps, and steamer rugs were
wound about the occupants of deck
chairs.

  Several groups, with field glasses,
were standing forward, gazing toward
a little, snub-ended ship, with stubby,
frame-topped masts, which, being not a
quarter the size of the passenger liner,
felt the swell and rolled slowly at her
anchor chains. They had come near
enough so * the spectators with the
strongest glasses could make out the
legend, “Diamond Shoals,” painted in
white, man-high letters across her
sides.

  No land was in sight, or would be
for some hours. It is more than four-
teen miles seaward from Cape Hatteras
to where, at the edge of the shoals, the

lightship swings to give its perpetual
warning of danger, and serve as guide-
post for craft that fare along the coast.

  The Lampasas came up to the light-
ship and drew abeam. Not more than a
half mile separated the moving ship
and the stationary one; the passengers
on the liner could imagine the expres-
sion of wistfulness upon the faces of
the light keepers who leaned upon the
nearer bulwark and waved their hands.
Both ships saluted as the Lampasas
came opposite.

  The second officer, in charge on the
bridge, spoke to the helmsman :

  “Make her no’theast by no’th, half
east!”

  “No’theast by no’th, half east, sir!”
replied the sailor at the wheel, his eyes
not leaving the compass.

 The Lampasas swung on her new
course. Passengers chattered of home
and landing and the customs; in less
than twenty-four hours they would be
docking in New York. Captain Steele,
spyglass in hand, remained on the
bridge. From time to time he stared
through the glass at distant ships and
smudges of smoke. It was approaching
three in the afternoon when he low-
ered the telescope, shut its eyepiece with
a snap, and set his lips in a tight line.

  The time was at hand when he would
learn whether he had served his coun-
try or committed a great blunder.
Rising above the horizon dead ahead,
under military masts that showed above
trailing smoke, were the gray bows of
a British cruiser.

  The . war vessel came about and
headed northward as the Lampasas ap-
proached, then drew in closer to the
American ship, and broke out a string
of signal flags.

  “They want us to stop and let them
come aboard, sir,” translated the ex-
ecutive officer, who had been decipher-
ing the message from the international
code book.

  “All right!” said Captain Steele. He
A FOU<RFOUD GAME

39

stepped personally to the engine-room
telegraph and swung it to “Stop.”
“Lower the port gangway!” he ordered.

  As both vessels, riding side by side at
a distance of barely five hundred yards,
lost their momentum and came to a
standstill, a launch dropped into the
water from the Middlesex and came
toward the Lampasas.

  The passengers on the liner had been
interested and curious spectators.
Word that a warship was in sight had
quickly passed from deck to saloons
and staterooms, and every one had come
out to see one of the vessels that they
all vaguely knew were maintaining a
patrol off the American coast. When
the Middlesex came about and ran up
her string of flags, interest increased,
and with the stopping of the Lampasas
and the lowering of the cruiser’s boat,
a feeling of mild excitement pervaded
the company.

  Braxton, since noon, had been keep-
ing his eyes open for the approaching
war vessel. He had felt reasonably
sure the commander in chief of the
patrol could not resist the opportunity
opened up to him by the anonymous
radiogram. Nevertheless, a great feel-
ing of relief passed over him when the
Middlesex finally appeared. From that
moment he tried not to let Von Arnoldt
out of his sight.

  The strategy of his call for the Brit-
ish ship was somewhat involved. He
was not at all sure the Britishers would
go so far as to make Von Arnoldt a
prisoner, with the possibility of thereby
developing another “Trent” affair,
but if they should do so, he was
gambling Von Arnoldt would not
take the secret papers with him. This
would naturally mean that he would
intrust them again to Esther Lynde.
And the prime ingenuity of the
stratagem lay in this, that Von Arnoldt
would not know when the cruiser’s boat
approached whether or not he was to be
apprehended. He would therefore dis-

pose of the cipher before the boarding
party arrived. Hence, if he observed
closely enough, and had a moderate
average of luck, Braxton believed he
would know, before the closing of the
afternoon’s incident, exactly where to
put his hands upon the package, and its
present appearance.

  The chance had to be taken, of
course, that the German would risk
keeping the cipher on his person in the
face of possible capture. If this should
come about, and if Von Arnoldt should
be taken aboard the British ship, there
still remained a possibility that Eng-
land, gaining possession of the cipher,
might be willing to show her friendli-
ness for America by allowing agents
of the service to have a copy. This, in
view of the Anglo-Japanese entente,
was a dubious possibility, and Waite
did riot seriously consider it. He was
banking, really, on his judgment of
men, and his knowledge of Von
Arnoldt. The German was too good a
craftsman to take so desperate a chance
of the documents falling into his ene-
mies’ hands, when he could avoid it
merely by handing them to the girl.

  The Middlesex was in plain sight,
coming to meet the Lampasas, when
Miss Lynde came out on deck. Brax-
ton, who had been watching for her
appearance, joined her. A few minutes
later, Von Arnoldt appeared. He
looked quickly in the direction toward
which all the passengers’ eyes were
turned. He saw Braxton and the girl
at about the same moment, and came to
them.

  “A coast policeman, I see,” he re-
marked pleasantly. “I wonder what
they are doing so far south. My im-
pression was that the patrol ships kept
pretty close to Sandy Hook.”

  They discussed the approaching gray
vessel idly, wondering whither it was
bound, making guesses as to its name,
speculating on its speed. The German
naturally showed the same casual in-
40

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

terest as the other passengers, and no
more. Not until the Lampasas stopped
and the launch from the cruiser darted
toward them did he have any reason to
feel uneasiness. Then, although he
could not possibly know that H. M. S.
Middlesex was personally interested in
him, ordinary common sense told him
that any German aboard the liner might
be in danger.

  Neither his courtly bearing nor his
pleasant smile disappeared. Braxton,
scrutinizing him closely without seem-
ing to do so, sensed a hardening of his
eyes, a tensing of the muscles of his
jaw, a little white line of determination
that appeared at the corners of his
nose. He stood, smilingly thoughtful,
until the approaching launch was within
less than a hundred yards, and the file
of armed men as well as the trim, erect,
gray-haired officer in the stern could be
plainly distinguished.

  Suddenly he raised his field glasses
and studied the features of the British
officer. A shadow that had in it some-
thing of fatalism flitted for a second
only across his face. He shrugged his
shoulders ever so slightly. Then, mur-
muring a word or two of apology, he
turned quietly away.

  Braxton thought he was about to go
below, and was making ready to fol-
low him, when Von Arnoldt, with his
back to the group, stepped into a cor-
ner and began unbuttoning his coat.
From the appearance of his back and
the motion of his shoulders and elbows,
Braxton judged he was going deep into
the clothing over his breast—certainly
inside his waistcoat, and probably in-
side his shirt.

  When he turned to face them again,
he was putting something in the outer
right-hand pocket of his overcoat. It
was dark in color, and for a moment
Waite thought it might be a pistol;
then he saw the upper corner of an
oblong leather case, such as many gov-
ernment attaches use for carrying dis-

patches. Such cases, Braxton knew,
are often heavily loaded along one edge
with lead. He gathered this one to be
so, as it sagged the pocket weightily.

  Still smiling his attractive, courteous
smile, Von Arnoldt came back ot their
little group quickly, yet without no-
ticeable haste. He lost no time, but
touched Miss Lynde’s arm. Obeying
his touch and gesture, she drew a step
aside with him. Braxton could hear a
word or two of what he said—spoken
in German.

  “. . . in danger, perhaps. One
cannot tell. I have . . .” “. . .
and keep it safe until . . .”

  He saw Miss Lynde smile up at the
German and nod, speaking a word or
two that did not reach him. Von
Arnoldt’s hand came out of his pocket,
bearing the case. He slipped it quickly
into the girl’s hand. She concealed it
inside the front of her loose storni coat.

  Von Arnoldt and the girl stepped
back to where Waite stood looking
down at the launch, which was now
passing around to the other side of the
ship. The conversation and transfer
had not taken a minute.

  Captain Steele met the officer from
the Middlesex, and they went up the
steps to the captain’s room, the file of
sailors remaining near the gangwTay.

  Five minutes passed, while the decks
buzzed with guesses, probable, possible,
and wild. Then Captain Steele and the
officer returned down the stairs, and
stood for a moment on the starboard
side, facing aft. Several groups were
along the rail between them and Von
Arnoldt. The gray-haired English of-
ficer, whose face was young and eager,
turned to Captain Steele.

  “You need not introduce me to Mr.
Arnold, thank you,” he said pleasantly.
“I know him very wrell indeed.”

  Still smiling, he approached the spot
where the German leaned against the
bulwark, Braxton just behind him, the
girl on his left.
A FOU<RFOL<D GAME

41

  “Captain von Arnoldt,” he said
clearly, “I have to ask you to return
with me to my ship.”

  “How do you do, Randolph?” said
Von Arnoldt, as pleasantly as the other:
“I haven’t seen you for a long time.
And I don’t think you can do it.”

  “Why not?”

  “I am under the American flag, sail-
ing from one neutral port to another—
therefore on American soil. I call on
Captain Steele for protection.”

  “I have already protested, Mr.—er—
Von Arnoldt,” said the captain, “but
this officer says he insists upon taking
you off. Of course, I shall enter the
circumstance in the log, together with
the fact of my protest, and inform the
authorities as soon as I dock.”

  There was a murmur of protest from
the passengers. “He can’t do it!” was
the tenor of their complaint.

  The British officer blew a shrill
whistle. Two sailors came promptly
around to his side.

  “I am sorry to put you to this trou-
ble, captain,” he said, bowing to Cap-
tain Steele. “I am carrying out my
orders, however. Our respective gov-
ernments can settle the matter at their
leisure. I ask you to allow me to enter
Captain von Arnoldt’s stateroom—re-
serving whatever protest you choose, of
course—and take his luggage with us.
And now, sir,” to the German, “we are
holding our good friends off their
schedule.”

 Von Arnoldt spoke to Captain
Steele: “I shall expect you to bring
this outrage to the attention of the Ger-
man embassy at once.”

  A little, white-faced rat of a room
steward, English if dialect spoke for
anything, had been standing in one of
the doorways between deck and saloon
since before the Middlesex broke out
her signals. At this moment his un-
neutrality manifested itself.

  Edging around the knots of pas-

sengers to a point not far from the Brit-
ish officer, he squeaked:

  “I s’y, sir! Just before you come
abahd ’e give a big wallet, looked as if
it might be important pipers, to ’er, ’e
did!”

  The steward’s shaking finger was
pointed at Esther Lynde. What hap-
pened then took not ten seconds.

  “Quick! Give it back!” snapped Von
Arnoldt, under his breath, and as Miss
Lynde seemed to hesitate or not to un-
derstand, he snatched the case from
her hand, which was holding it in the
loose front of her coat. With what
amounted to the same motion, so rapid
that no one had a chance to stop him,
the German flipped his wrist, and the
lead-weighted black packet went over
the side into the sea.

  “Pig dog!” he gritted, in his native
tongue, at the steward. Then, recover-
ing himself instantly, he bowed suavely
to Miss Lynde.

  “Dear lady,” he murmured. “May
we soon meet again!”

  He stood erect, threw back his shoul-
ders, and smiled without a tremor into
the face of the English officer, to whom
he spoke in that gentleman’s own
tongue:

  “I am at your service, Randolph,”
and under his breath he uttered a curse.

CHAPTER X.

SHATTERED SYMPATHY.

  It was late—nearly midnight. For
hours, since the interruption of their
voyage by the Middlesex, the screws
had been throbbing steadily. The sky
had' become overcast at sunset, and a
storm was brewing rapidly out of the
northeast, with promise of rough
weather before morning. The Lam-
pasas, heading into the wind, was rising
and falling to the oncoming swell, with
spray now and then breaking over her
bows.
42

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

  Sailors had long since gone about the
decks, making everything fast in an-
ticipation of a blow. They had taken in
all the deck chairs save one, situated
quite well forward on the lee side of the
ship, which was occupied by a silent,
muffled figure.

  Braxton had been there ever since
the rising sea had sent most of the
passengers to bed, and the whistling
wind had driven into the cabins the few
that gave no heed to bad weather. An
hour, two hours, had passed, and he had
not moved. He was going over what
had passed that day, over and over, and
blaming himself. He had foreseen
every contingency and provided against
it—except one. Why couldn’t he have
thought that the German might consign
his secret to the sea ? Why hadn’t he
done something to prevent it?

  When Von Arnoldt gave the dis-
patch case to Miss Lynde, Waite had
counted his stratagem successful. For
a few moments he had praised himself
—patted himself on the back, he re-
membered with shame—esteemed him-
self to be a rather clever fellow. While
he was watching the admirable nerve
with which Von Arnoldt met the
emergency, he was at the same time be-
ginning to plan his next move, by which
he should secure the papers from the
girl after the German had gone. His
next move! And that one so poorly
planned and executed that Von Arnoldt
ruined it with one flip of his muscular
wrist!

  Except when the ship smashed down
into an unusually heavy sea, the deck,
on the lee side where Braxton sat, was
quiet. Somewhere aft of him a door
opened, letting a shaft of light out
across a procession of toppling white-
caps. It was a late player leaving the
smoking room, and he heard the man's
half-serious, half-jocular explanation
of his departure to those who remained.

  “No, sir,” the voice was saying. “I’m
going to quit and go to bed. I know

when I’ve got enough. Me, I’m a rot-
ten poker player!”

  Some unintelligible repartee and
laughter, in which the first speaker
joined, followed. Then the door shut,
and again there was silence.

  “That goes for me, too!” declared
Braxton to himself. “I’m a rotten
player! I’ve gummed this game from
start to finish. And now that cipher is
at the bottom of the sea, and I’ve got
to start back for Mexico City—if the
chief will let me—and try it all over
again. And all this time lost!”

  He writhed in spirit as he saw him-
self making his report to the chief. Not
that he anticipated reproaches, for in
advance he knew there probably would
be none. “Hard luck!” the chief would
say, and plan with him to recoup. The
chief would realize he had tried his
best. But .what good is a best that
fails ? “I’m a well-meaning young
man!” he sneered, thus calling himself
one of the worst of names in a world
where deeds are measured by success.

  He knew he could not sleep, and the
rising wind and sea jibed with his
mood. He was filled with humiliation
and self-reproach. A tyro at the great
game, he told himself, could have done
no worse.

  A figure came forward along the
deck. It stood almost over him before
he was aware of it.

  “Mr. Braxton!”

  The voice was Esther Lynde’s. In a
moment he was on his feet. She de-
clined to take his chair. He stood be-
side her against the rail, still sheltered
from the wind.

  She had been unable to sleep. The
impending storm, the exciting events of
the day, some bit of unexplainable nerv-
ousness added to these, she said, made
her wakeful. She had come out to
walk about in the air. He gathered she
had known somehow that he was still
outside.
A FOURFOLD GAME

43

  They braced themselves against the
rail, swinging with the ship, and stood
for a long time. For a while they
talked but little. Braxton felt drawn
to the girl by a new bond—that of sym-
pathy. She, too, he realized, had borne
a loss and a shock in the day’s happen-
ings, She, too, was suffering, that
night, the pangs of failure.

  By and by she began to speak of Von
Arnoldt. She wondered what would
become of him, whether Washington
would set in motion the machinery of
protest that would free him, or he was
doomed to spend the remainder of the
war in some British prison camp. She
spoke of the package he had given her,
and wondered—as was the natural atti-
tude for her to take—what it contained
that he guarded so closely, adding that,
in intrusting it to her charge, he had
merely said its contents were important
to him, and such that he did not want
them to fall into the hands of the Brit-
ish government.

  BraxtQn talked these things over with
her sympathetically. He felt she was
in a mood not dissimilar from his own.
She wanted to forget the disappoint-
ments the day had wrought, to get away
from her thoughts of what might have
been done.

  He bore in mind, in talking with her,
that she did not know he had been
aware Von Arnoldt was an officer, and
expressed a moderate degree of sur-
prise that the German was now in
active service, while saying he had pre-
sumed, from the man’s carriage and
manner, that in earlier years he had
done his bit with the military establish-
ment. He made sundry vague hazards
as to what might have, been in the
weighted leather case. Because he felt
she wanted comforting—and because,
although the necessities of the game
had made him do the thing that had
brought about Von Arnoldt's capture,
he, nevertheless, admired the German
for a good player—he spoke most sym-

pathetically of Von Arnoldt’s plight,
and did not mean it hypocritically.

  They were singularly drawn together,
that night in the gathering storm.
Often afterward the recollection came
back to him, with bitterness, of how
softened he had felt, how comradely,
how attracted by the softness and fem-
ininity of her—a woman a good deal
alone and in trouble. He wanted to
soothe her, to lessen her unhappiness.
He did not forget the gulf of duty that
separated them; he did not let his sym-
pathy rob him of discretion or loosen
his tongue; but he turned his back on
the chasm, so far as he could, and
thought of her as Her.

  If only they served the same cul-
ture and ideals, how different, he
thought, the future of both of them
might be. And but for the gulf that
he turned away from, but could not—
must not—forget, he would have come
near to telling her then that she ap-
pealed to him as women had not
appealed to him before; for in his hu-
miliation and chagrin, his need for sym-
pathy and love, it had come to him on
the wings of the wind that this was a
woman of a thousand. But so long as
he and she served such different mas-
ters, not only his tongue was tied, but
even his heart.

  Thus softened, he felt a fierce satis-
faction in the rising wind and ever-
increasing sea. They were together, a
strong man and a strong woman, breast-
ing it unafraid. He delighted in the
plunges of the ship, which was begin-
ning to buck the higher-rolling billows.
He gave no heed to passing time. So
long as they stood here together, things
would go on, just as they were at this
minute. When once they left the deck
to go below, life would never be the
same. He did not deceive himself; he
could not continue to be pleasantly
friendly with Esther Lynde, and noth-
ing more. Hence, because more was
out of the question, they would part on
44

THE tPOPUL/ltR MAGAZINE

the morrow, and he would make up his
mind to forget.

  A long, curling wave, higher and big-
ger than any that had come before,
rushed down on the ship, which rose to
top it, staggered upon its brink, and
plunged headlong into the trough be-
yond. There was a jar and shiver as
the bows impacted with the following
wave, drove beneath it, and lifted shud-
dering to shed tons of green water.

  Swinging to keep their balance, the
girl and Braxton held tight to the rail
before them. She reeled a little at the
shock of the breaking sea, and he
though she had lost her hold, and put
out a hand to steady her. It touched
her fingers. The contact was magnetic.
For a second their hands clasped, then,
almost rudely, he snatched his away.
If he did not, he knew he should for-
get the gulf, throw down the barriers,
and take her in his arms.

  It was some moments after this that
she broke the silence. Her voice was
low, as though she, too, had felt the
emotion that thrilled him at the acci-
dental touch. Her tone was warmer,
closer, than it ever had been before.

 “Somehow—right now——” She
hesitated for expression. “If you had
an opportunity to do me a kindness,
would you do it ?” Before he could
answer, she burst out impulsively: “I
need a friend. Could you be one?
Could I depend upon you?”

  The appeal thrilled him. “Whatever

I could do-” he said. There was no

need for him to finish the sentence; the
emotion in his voice spoke for the sin-
cerity of his assurance.

  She went on hurriedly, as though her
words were forcing themselves to be
spoken:

  “I have something to do—it is very
simple—and I am afraid. I don’t know
why, but I am nervous. I want you
to help me. It is a little thing, but
I-”

  He could not see her eyes, but he felt
them fixed on him.

  “When they came so suddenly, this
afternoon, and seized Mr. Arnoldt, and
he had to give up whatever it was he
had, it frightened me. I guess I
haven’t got over it. I am—somehow—
timid, and I am not used to feeling

timid. If you-”

  She hesitated, then went on with a
plunge:

  “I have a little package of papers
that are very important, very important
indeed. If I were to lose them, it
would be very serious. I cannot- tell
you how serious. I hadn’t thought it
possible I would be afraid to carry
them, but there are the customs offi-
cials^—and others; some one might open
the envelope, and great harm might
come of it, to—to the people I repre-
sent. That experience this afternoon
made me realize what could happen if,
by some accident, things of that sort
should fall into the wrong hands.

  “You have said you will do what you
can to help me. Listen, Mr. Braxton!
Will you take this envelope that I have,
and keep it for me until after we are
safely in New York? Will you? It is
really a little thing—and yet I assure
you it is an important thing.”

  Braxton’s mind whirled, but he had
to reply. He used language to conceal
thoughts, saying the first thing that
seemed a plausible remark: “You—you
are not asking me to help smuggle
something?”

  “No. I give you my word it is noth-
ing dutiable.”

  “Do you want to tell me anything
more—as to the character of these im-
portant documents, I mean?”

  She hesitated the length of time it
took the ship’s rail to swing through an
arc of forty degrees.

  “It is a—business matter,” she said,
in a voice that rang less true. “Yes, a
business matter, but a very serious
one.”
A FOU<RFOL<D GAME

45

  Waite’s words were all she could
have wished, but his tones, also, had
taken a different timbre.

  “You honor me by trusting me, and I
shall be glad to do it.”

  “I will give you the envelope to-night,
when there will be nobody to see us—
it is strange how nervous this has made
me—and to-morrow, if you will, after
the boat has docked, I want you to meet
me just as soon as possible and return
it. Say, in two hours after we have
landed. I will go my way and you can
go yours, after we have docked. I—I
might be followed. If you were to re-
turn them on the pier or on the street,
some one might see it, and something
might happen. Then, in two hours, I

will be-” She thought quickly.

“Can you meet me at the Van
Wouter?”

  He answered affirmatively, with a
wrord. He must not let her guess a
single one of his thoughts.

  “In that little reception room near
the main dining room,” she went on. “I
will be there, two hours after we dock,
whatever time that may be. We can-
not set the hour any nearer than that;
this head wind will probably delay us.
And, oh, I thank you so much! It is
foolish, I know, for me to be so nerv-
ous, but you are taking a great load
from my mind.”

  He spoke with what naturalness he
could assume, although he felt as one
might who has been suddenly immersed
in an ice-cold bath:

  “This envelope. You have it? With
you now, I mean?”

  “Yes. When we go in out of the
wind I will get it.”

  “It is getting too rough for comfort.
And it is very late. Suppose we go in
now.”

  For a second, in the darkness, she
tried to scan his face, as some under-
lying change in his manner impressed
her consciousness. But there was no
outward difference in his bearing. She

turned, and they made their way to
the nearest door, holding firmly to the
rail and each other against the increas-
ing violence of the ship’s rolling.

  She paused with her back to him a
moment after they had come into the
narrow passageway, and when she
faced him, there was in her hand a long,
white envelope, as thick as might be
necessary to hold a-'dozen or so pages
of moderately heavy letter sheets.

  She passed it to him at once, yet he
felt as though, notwithstanding the cir-
cumstances, her fingers were reluctant
to let the package go.	^

 “Please put it in your pocket
quickly,” she said, “where no one can
see it. It is absurd, I suppose—but all
this evening I have had the feeling
that some one was watching me, plan-
ning to steal this from me. Important
papers, one can never tell what ends
a rival in business will go to to secure
them. But, of course, you know this
better than I do, being with a big busi-
ness concern yourself.”

  Waite bowed his acquiescence. He
did not want to speak, to trust his voice.
He hardly dared trust his eyes, the
muscles of his face. It was with dif-
ficulty that he said the natural thing,
and said it naturally:

  “You may depend upon it I shall
guard it as carefully as though it were
my own. And—if we have no oppor-
tunity to speak about it in the morning
—two hours after we dock I shall be
on hand to restore it to you at the Van
Wouter.”

  His hand steadying her, she walked
to the door of her stateroom. There, in
the gloom of a single low-candle-
powered globe that lit the corridor, she
looked into his eyes again. For a mo-
ment he thought she was going to say
something of importance impulsively.
Then she changed her mind, perhaps,
and gave him her hand.

  “Good night,” she said simply. “I
thank you very, very much.”
46

THE <POcPULA<R MAGAZINE

  Coming to his own stateroom, he en-
tered, closed the door, and drew from
his pocket the package.

  It was a plain envelope of stout,
linen-backed paper of an unusual size,
a trifle larger than such envelopes usu-
ally are. Its face was blank, but on
the back, across the flap, was written,
in bluish ink, the girl’s autograph.
Fastened with glfte to withstand the
wear of long journeys, such an envelope
is not easily opened. In fact, he noted
at once, this one could not be steamed
open at all without the process leaving
its trace upon the signature.

  Turning it over in his hand, he al-
most expected to see upon its corner a
bright-red stain, now growing brown.
This was nonsense, of course; the
merest amateur could have been de-
pended upon to destroy that telltale en-
velope and substitute another. But he
knew, without the blood smear to
identify it, what was inside this pack-
age. He was as sure in his heart, as
though the contents lay spread before
him, that the sheets bore rows and rows
of Roman numerals, probably ten to the
line, for in such form are practically all
national codes. At last, gained in the
most incredible manner, he had in his
hands the cipher message that had sent
Colonel Calderon to his death.

  He buttoned the envelope inside his
breast and went out on deck again.
He wanted to think, and with the tu-
multuous riot of thoughts that were
piling one upon the other in his brain,
it was fitting he should thresh out his
bitterness of spirit in the teeth of the
driving northeaster.

CHAPTER XI.

THE BITTERNESS OF SUCCESS.

  Braxton was not one of those fickle
souls who, having gained a thing, no
longer desire it. And yet-

  For weeks he had concentrated his
every faculty upon the securing of this

message. Its acquisition meant vital
things to the country he served. He
had planned and schemed and devoted
every power of mind he possessed
solely to the end of getting this docu-
ment into his possession. Less than
two hours ago, because he thought he
had failed, he had wallowed in the
deepest depths of self-condemnation.
Now he had succeeded—and success
tasted more bitter in his mouth than
failure.

  His emotions during the hour they
stood by the rail together came back to
him; his sympathy, his feeling of com-
radeship, the effort he had been forced
to make to keep from declaring his love.
And all that hour, he now told himself
unmercifully, she had been shrewdly
playing to make him a cat's-paw.

  Of how it had come about that the
cipher remained in her hands he could
only guess, and his mind worked dully
as to that. There might have been two
copies, but it would not have been be-
yond Von Arnoldt’s cleverness to pre-
pare an empty case to throw over the
side in such an emergency as had arisen.
Braxton remembered that Esther had
concealed the black leather package be-
neath her coat from the time the Ger-
man passed it to her until he snatched
it back again to toss it into the sea.
Who knew, when it came to that, that
the case he had seized from her hand
was the same one he had given her a
few minutes before?

  Why, on the eve of their entrance
into port, she had now given the papers
into Braxton’s keeping was only too
clear to him, as he reviewed the events
of the day and built up the logical trend
of her reasoning.

  Neither she nor Von Arnoldt, when
they left Mexico, had supposed any
one knew they were German secret
agents. Von Arnoldt’s capture meant,
to her mind, that some one had identi-
fied him and warned the British patrol
—:somebody, she would probably pre-
A FOIJCRFOUD GAME

47

sume, back in Mexico. And if him,
why not her? Was it not reasonable
for her to think that warning had been
sent out regarding both? A British
patrol ship might take from a neutral
vessel an officer of the German army;
it would hardly dare interfere with a
woman passenger. Would it not be
the natural thing, then, that warning,
in her case, should be given the United
States authorities ? And would they
not seek to seize her papers when she
entered the country, through a search
by customs officials?

  This, Waite figured, must have been
her reasoning. Ingeniously, she had se-
lected him, a well-mannered American,
presumably chivalric, to bear her
burden through the gates. To accom-
plish this, she had deliberately estab-
lished between them the feeling of un-
derstanding that had well-nigh swept
him off his feet. “And I fell for it,”
he muttered, “like a boy!”

  He stood with set jaw full in the
lashing wind. He felt terribly cynical,
sophisticated, disillusioned—older by
far and more experienced than he had
ever felt before.

  The ship’s bell struck; two o’clock .
according to landsmen’s time. From
somewhere on deck there came, torn
and twisted in the storm, the call of a
lookout:

  “Four bells and al-l-l’s well, and al-1-1
lights lit and burnin’!”

  As though the ringing of the hour
were a signal, a torrent of rain burst
from the low-hanging clouds, while the
wind increased and the ship seemed to
settle herself to the night’s work of
shouldering her headlong way through
the piling seas. Waite set his shoul-
ders, shook himself, and turned to go
below. He had made up his mind to
put the matter from him; it was as
though he shook himself mentally as he
did physically. His pride came to his
rescue. He would do his duty, and let

the world go hang! The game, he tried
to believe, was bigger than any woman.

  He made up his mind to forget—
and he knew in his heart that he never,
never would.

  If he had slept lightly, there were
few marks of it in his face and bear-
ing when he came on deck after break-
fast. Even had he looked a wreck from
sleeplessness, he would have attracted
little attention; it was, on the whole,
a weary and depressed-looking ship’s
company that straggled into view after
the Lampasas passed the Narrows.
Comparatively few had shown up in
the dining room that morning. Many
did not appear until the ship was glid-
ing up the river to her dock.

  Braxton had no opportunity for a
word alone with Miss Lynde before
they went ashore. She had been caring
for the seasick Mrs. Carson, it ap-
peared ; both the Carsons, looking much
the worse for wear, were with her as
the boat approached the pier. He was
glad of this. It took his best self-con-
trol, as it was, to meet her with his
usual manner, but he felt, when the
ordeal was past, that he had succeeded.

  It was two o’clock in the afternoon
when he passed from the pier to the
street. This left him until four to do
the things he had to do before meeting
Esther at the Van Wouter to return her
the envelope in accordance with his
promise.

  A taxicab, the driver doing every-
thing he could to make time short of
getting arrested and losing it, bumped
him across to the Van Wouter. He
hastily engaged a room, and the mo-
ment he was alone in it, called by tele-
phone a number that is not to be found
in the telephone directory.

  “Mr. Cameron, please,” he said, when
a voice at the other end had repeated
the number, without otherwise identify-
ing the location. Then, after a mo-
ment; “Mr. Cameron? . . . All
right, I recognize your voice now. This
48

THE VO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

is Braxton. I am coming to see you.
At your office. Right away.

And say! Can you have some clerks at
liberty? . . . Oh, a whole flock of
them. Eight or ten, if you’ve got them.

. . . All right. Good-by.”

   He stopped at the hotel office to leave
word that if Miss Lynde called for him
in the reception room, she was to be in-
formed he had gone out on an im-
portant business matter, and expected
■to return very soon after four. This
wras in case he should be unable to get
back by that hour.

  He went dowmtown in the subway,
and got a taxicab from the exit to the
office of the service. When he entered
that building, it was with leisurely man-
ner ; it had to be remembered that but
one attache of the New York branch,
beside Cameron, its head, knew his of-
ficial identity. Word had been left in
the outer office; he was taken to the
inner one without delay.

  “Take a seat, Mr. Braxton. Glad to
see you,” said the chief. Then, as they
were alone: “What’s broken? I gather
you’re in a tremendous hurry.”

  “You’ve said something! I’ll explain

later. First-” He threw on the

table the sealed envelope. “Can you
Exactly match that envelope—in an
hour ?”

  “I’m pretty sure we can; it is an
American-made envelope, and a stand-
ard size, although an unusual one.
WVve got a lot of linen envelopes in
the office—we might be able to match it
right here. Wait a minute.”

  He stepped from the room, bearing
the sealed envelope, and returned
quickly with it and a plain, empty en-
velope in his hand. He passed them
to Braxton. They were as alike as
Tweedledum and Tweedledee.

  “Great! Now, before we do anything
else, have you got a forger handy that
can duplicate exactly this signature
across the flap?”

  “I can have one here in half an hour

—one of our women agents. She’s a
wonder with a pen.”

  Braxton took his penknife from his
pocket. “Then we’ll see what’s in this
—and if it’s what I think it is, your
clerks are going to get a chance to be
mighty busy.”

   He slit the package carefully.

   Inside were fourteen sheets of paper.
There was not a word of decipherable
writing. Each sheet bore rows and
rows of Roman numerals, ten to the
line.

  “Here you are!” he said. “I want a
couple of copies of this made—you’d
better give one or two sheets to each
clerk, to save time—and have it care-
fully read by copy, to see there are no
errors. You see what it is, and if you
haven’t happened to hear where I've
been, I’ll tell you—Mexico City. For
the love of goodness, don’t let a drop
of ink get spilled on these sheets, or a
wrinkle get put in them that isn’t there
now. I want to get the copies ready to
take over to Washington to-night, and
I’ve got to get this original back into
the envelope, your pretty little forgery
performed across the flap, and have the
whole business uptown in”—he con-
sulted his watch—-“one hour and five
minutes. WThat are the chances ?-’

  Cameron wras already out of his
-chair, heading toward the next room.
“If the subway doesn’t cave in, or the
trains break down, you’ll have five min-
utes to spare,” he said.

  “And now,” said Waiter when Cam-
eron came back with word that the
work of copying was already under
way, and the expert pen woman had
been sent for and would arrive in time,
“will you get the chief on the private
wire? After you’ve put in the call, I’ll
give you an idea what it’s all about.”

  In the explanation that he made to
Cameron, Braxton did not tell how he
had secured the cipher message that
was now being so laboriously and care-
fully duplicated. This was a detail an
A FOUcRFOLcD GAME

49

agent would be unlikely to discuss with
any one save the chief, and Cameron
asked no questions, accepting such part
of the story as Braxton saw fit to tell
him. He had outlined his quest for
the Japanese note, and explained that
he had nothing more than suspicion as
to what the message contained,, and no
way of reading it—that being a detail
Washington could be depended upon
to perform—when an electric buzzer
sounded and Cameron picked up the
telephone receiver.

  “Here’s Washington,” he said to
Braxton. “The chief will be on the
wire in a minute. . . . Hello!
Hello, chi^f! Cameron talking. Here’s
Eccles, chief! Eccles! . . . Yes.
He wants to talk to you.”

  He pushed the instrument across to
Waite.

  “Hello!” called Braxton.

  “How do you do, Mr. Eccles?” came
in the chief’s unruffled tones. “Glad to
hear your voice.”

  “Same to you, sir. I have some pa-
pers that should interest you. I ought
to be able to leave this evening with
them.”

  “Plain or in code ?”

 “Code. I’m having copies made
now. I don’t know the translation, of
course.”

  “Have you got to see me, or is your
work cleaned up for the moment?”
“Why—er—I guess it’s cleaned up.
These papers ought to speak for them-
selves.”

  “Good! I’m going to ask you, if you
don’t mind, to put off your detailed re-
port for the present, and keep on the
run. Is there any reason why you can’t
leave New York right away—to be gone
three or four weeks?”

  “No. None whatever.”

  “It’s mighty lucky—your getting in
to-day. I’ve got some documents that
must go to Stevenson. In France—you
know where to find him. You and he
know each other, and I haven’t got an-
4B p

other man handy of which that is true.
Will you run over—there’s a boat to-
morrow—and put these into his hands
personally? You know7 what he’s doing,
so you can appreciate the importance of
the errand.”

  “Why, of course. But what about
this other business? What shall I do
with these copies?”

  “I’ll send Williams over to New
York on the next train with the pack-
age for Stevenson. Shall you be at
)rour home or the club? The Van Wou-
ter? All right. Williams will be there
to hand them to you in person. You
give him whatever papers you have
for me, and he will bring them over
here on the first train to-morrow.”

  “All right, sir.”

  “That all?”

  “All I can think of.”.

  “All right. Good luck! I’m sorry I
can’t give you a minute’s rest between
trips this time. Good-by.”

  Waite replaced the receiver on the
hook and looked at Cameron whim-
sically. “A mere matter of a three or
four weeks’ trip to Europe, starting to-
morrow,” he said. “And no chance for
me to find out before I go what’s in this
cipher. Oh, well! It’s all in the day’s
work. And I may never be told ex-
actly what’s in it, anyway—there are
some things the state department has
to keep entirely to itself, and I
shouldn’t be surprised if this w’ere one
of them. I wonder how those handy
helpers of yours are coming on.”

  At three minutes of four o’clock
Braxton entered the little reception
room near the main dining room at the
Hotel Van Wouter. Two minutes later
Esther Lynde came in.

  As he rose to meet her, he took from
his inner pocket an envelope of linen-
backed paper, about as thick as might
be necessary to hold a dozen or so
pages of moderately heavy letter sheets,
and passed it to her with the air of one
50

THE tPOtPUL/lcR MAGAZINE

who has been glad to do a courteous,
but not very important, errand.

 As she thanked him with what
seemed to be deep and real appreciation
of the service, she turned it over in her
hands and glanced casually at the back.
Across the flap was written, in bluish
ink, her own autograph.

  He murmured regrets that he must
be hurrying away to keep an engage-
ment. As she gave Him her hand she
said:

  “I hope we shall meet again—some
time.”

  “Fate will be unkind if we do not,”
he answered, with formal gallantry. He
smiled his most pleasant smile. “It has
been a delightful acquaintanceship.”

  He watched her as she swung com-
petently down the street. Her eyes
were no longer upon him, and he was
no longer smiling.

CHAPTER XII.

ENTER UNIVERSAL OIL.

  Twenty-two days later the Indian-
apolis, westbound from Liverpool, was
reported as passing Nantucket Light-
ship. To Waite Braxton, reading in a
deck chair, came an hour or two after'
ward a steward bringing a wireless
message. It was dated from Washing-
ton, and signed simply by three letters,
none of which was an initial of the
chief's name. It read:

  Immediately upon arrival arrange meeting
between Eccles and Cameron at latter’s
office.

  “Immediately,” when the chief said
it, meant exactly what it said. Braxton
therefore telephoned Cameron from the
pier, and followed his telephone mes-
sage instantly in person.

  “Welcome to our city!” said Cam-
eron, the moment the door was closed.
Then, laughingly: “Why the Old Cap
Collier disguise?”

  He referred to a professional-ap-
pearing beard, clipped on the cheeks,

  and growing to what would ultimately
be a point, that was nearly three weeks
old, and already looked twice that age.

  “Oh, this ?” grinned WTaite, passing
his hand over his chin. “I started it the
day I left here. You see, going to find
Stevenson, I traveled from London on
doctor’s papers, and I thought while I
was about it I’d look the part. Then I
let it stay on coming across; thought I’d
keep it a while and see how I’d look. I
fancy my friends will kid the life out
of me for the next week, and I’ll prob-
ably take it off again. Rather foolish
idea, anyway, raising a beard when
they aren’t in style, and with summer
coming on.”

  “I think when I get through talking
to you, you’ll leave it on,” said Cam-
eron seriously. “It just fits the pro-
gram.”

  “ What program ?”

  “Well, in the first place, the chief
left yesterday to make a trip with the
president, who is going to make some
speeches in the Middle West, and he’s
going to be so worried for the next
week over the president’s safety that
he won’t have time to think of anything
else, at least as regards details. These
are dangerous days for a presidential
trip.

  “He wanted to see you, but couldn’t
wait, of course. He’s got a job lie
wants you to do right away. So he
sent for me to come over to Washing-
ton, and asked me to meet you on your
arrival, express his regrets, and set you
right at it.”

  “Not any more traveling, I hope. I
haven’t done anything else for the past
two months.”

  “Not much traveling. About three
days. But plenty of work on the other
end of the journey, as I figure it.”
“Break it to me !”

  “San Antonio.”

“Well, one gets bathrooms, good
food, and human society in San An-
A FOUcRFOLcD GAME

51

tonio. It could have been Port au
Prince. What’s up in Santone?”

  “That’s it! The chief hasn’t been
able to find out. But something. Some-
thing new.”

  “Some new revolutionary bee, do you
mean ?”

  “I don’t know. It’s a new junta of
some sort, but it’s run by a different
crowd. Not Cientificos; not Huertistas;
not Carranzixtas. We are sure of that.
The boss of the crowd is named Pablo
Sauceda, but the only line Payne has
been able to get on him thus far is that
he used to be a Villa general, and Villa
now—you’ve heard about what hap-
pened at Columbus, New Mexico, while
you were gone, I suppose?”

  “Yes, and that at last we’ve gone
across. But Payne? Is he in San An-
tonio now?”

  “He’s been there a little better than
a fortnight. The chief ordered him up,
and he came from Mexico C^ity to San
Antonio via Eagle Pass. Had a sur-
prisingly safe trip, incidentally. But he
hasn’t been able to get at the bottom
of the thing. Says there isn’t a man
concerned in it who isn’t a Mexican.
Payne speaks Spanish perfectly, you
know, but he doesn’t look like anything
but a Yankee.* This job calls for a man
who can pass himself off for a don.
Hence my remark that the new crop
of alfalfa behind which you are en-
deavoring to hide might come in
handy.”

  Bra^d:on passed his hand meditatively
over the stubble on his face. “Gee!”
he exclaimed. “That sounds like some
job! I suppose there are five or ten
thousand Mexican refugees in San An-
tonio. There’s a proud chance there
isn’t ■ somebody in that crowd who
knows me well, by sight at least! And
it is the fellow who knows me by sight,
and whom I don’t know by' sight, that
is dangerous.”

  “Yes. It’s likely to be a hard job,
but the chief said you are the one man

  to tackle it. I fancy those refugees
hang around certain hotels and clubs;
you’ll have to keep away from those
places as much as you can, I suppose.
However, I’m not trying to tell you
what to do after you get there; that’s
your business. Besides, I’m no ex-
pert in Spanish diplomacy, you know.
It takes all my time to try to keep
posted on wThat is going on in little old
New York. The chief said telegraph
Payne when you’re coming, and he’ll
run up the line a few hundred miles and
talk over the situation. Then you’ll be
better able to judge how to go into the
town, and what to do after you get
there.”

  “All right,” sighed Waite. “I’ll go to
it right away. To-morrow, if you think
that is all right;, I don’t imagine the
chief thinks it necessary for me to get
out to-night.”

  “No. He said he would like to have
you leave to-morrow, unless there was
some important personal matter you
wanted to get out of the way here, in
which case the next dayr would do. And
there’s one more thing. It may be im-
portant, and it may not; take it for
what it is worth.

  “Five days ago Payne telegraphed
that a Mexican named Andres Azcona, a
member of this new junta, or whatever
it is, had left San Antonio for New
York, and asked us to get a line on
him. Azcona came here according to
schedule, and we kept track of him
from the minute he arrived until he
left—this morning. He was here two
days, he saw one man three times, and
nobody else, and he spent all the re-
mainder of his visit in his room in the
Beekman House, except for going to
the theater one evening, all by his lone-
some, and wandering for an hour or
two afterward up and down the Great
White Way—also all by himself.”

  “Who was the man he saw three
times ?”

  “Jerry Stedman.”
52

THE cPOVULAtR MAGAZINE

  Braxton whistled.

  “Old Jerry! Where ?”

  “Twice at the Universal Oil and once
at Azcona’s hotel.”

  “Stedman went to see him at his
hotel ?”

  “Yes. It takes a pretty important
visitor to make the old man do that.”
“Um!” Waite thought deeply. “I
guess it is just as well I don’t have to
leave for the Southwest before to-mor-
row night. There’s a loose end or two
I may be able to pick up here. You
have telegraphed Payne, I suppose.”
“Sure.”

  “I’ll see what I can dig, and talk it
over with him when we meet. You
might send a code telegram to Payne,
if you don’t mind, asking him to meet
me in Dallas. To-day is Friday; I’ll
meet him there-*-at the Hotel Adelphi
—Monday night. Dallas is a good town
for us to get together in; .mighty few
Mexican refugees get as far north in
Texas as that. I’ll be much obliged if
you’ll translate his reply when it comes
and send it over. You can reach me
this evening or to-morrow up to noon
at my house. And give me the exact
dope on what this Azcona did all the
time he was in town.”

  “All right.”

  Braxton got up to leave, paused, and
stared unseeingly out of the window.

  “Jerry Stedman!” he mused, half to
himself. “Maybe I won’t have to lie
doggo, cultivate whiskers, and dodge
the bright lights, after all. Working in
San Antonio and trying to keep off the
main streets and away from the big
hotels would be about as cheerful as a
summer vacation spent in Vera Cruz.
Well, I’ll get along. Let me know when
you hear from Payne, please.”

  He telephoned his father and found
the old gentleman would be at home to
dinner at eight, the usual hour. At
eight-forty-five, when the servants had
brought cigars and left the dining room,
they ceased talking of casual things.

  “Well, boy?” rumbled Mr. Braxton
inquiringly. “How’s it going? First I
get a line from you from Mexico; then
I hear that you landed into town one
day when I was in Chicago, and
couldn’t wait; then you write a non-
committal note from London; and now
you tell me you’re here to-day and gone
to-morrow. If you worked as hard at
my business as you do at yours, you’d
make a hundred thousand a year.”
“What’s the use, so long as I’ve got
more than I’ll ever need? I might just
be blowing mOhey, you know; there are
those who do.”

  “All right,” said the old man.
“We’ve threshed all that out before.
I’m not bringing up the old argument
—the most unprofitable thing in the
world is continuing to fight after the
fight is over. As a matter of fact, I’m
not sorry, these days, that you’re doing
your share to try to keep things
straight, although I wish you were in a
business where, when you do a good
job—and I fancy you -do one once in a
while—I could hear about it and brag
some to the other old fellows. How-
ever- Where are you going this

time, if you are allowed to tell?”

  “San Antonio.”

  “Border work, eh?”

  “Well, San Antonio isn’t exactly the
border, but it’s handy to it. I may get
down on the Rio Grande before I come
back; you never can tell where one of
these trips of mine will wind up.”

  Mr. Braxton watched a smoke ring
break itself against an incandescent in
the light dome over the table.

   “I hope, before this present trouble is
over down there, we’ll pick up that
cursed border and walk about a thou-
sand miles south with it,” he said.
“What is it somebody or other recently
called Mexico? ‘An international
nuisance!’ ”

  Waite knocked the ashes from his
cigar before he spoke.

  “I want to ask you a question, fa^
A FOU<RFOL<D GAME

53

ther,” he said slowly, “and I don’t'want
you to answer it unless you are willing
to let me make use of the reply—for
the service. As the English constable
would say: ‘It is my duty to warn you
that whatever you say may be used
against you.’ ”

  “Let’s hear it.”

  “Is Jerry Stedman sending money
down to Texas to be used for some
angle of this Mexican trouble? And if
so, what for?”

  It was the father’s turn to hesitate.

  “I wonder how you heard about
that,” he finally said. “I didn’t believe
anybody knew it outside the syndicate,”
“Then you are in the syndicate?”
“Yep. And I thought it was iron-
clad, brass-bound, and secret proof.
Yet my son lands in here from Europe
at noon, and tells me about it at din-
ner, That is some organization you’re
tied up with, boy.”

  “I’m going to be perfectly honest with
you, dad; it wouldn’t be fair to be oth-
erwise. I didn’t knowr Stedman had
sent money down to Texas. I only
knew a Mexican named Azcona Jias
been here to see him, and has started
back. To figure that he’d come after
money was a matter of adding two and
two to make four; Mexicans don’t
come two thousand miles to see old
Jerry to ask him what he thinks will
be the price of oil next October. And
before I ask you any more questions, I
ought to say—in the strictest confi'
dence, of course—that I may have to
mix in, during the next week or so,
with the gang this Azcona is tied up
with. Having heard that, if you can
give me any information I’ll appreciate
it. If not—why, that’s all right, too,
of course.”

  “This is a fine government!” the old
man declared, with the explosiveness
that had gained him his nickname,
“Bull” Braxton. “It won’t protect
American capital in Mexico, and it
butts in wrhen American capital at-

tempts to protect itself in Mexico.
What we’re doing is legitimate. We
want to help straighten things out, so
American investments in that country
will be safe again, including our own.”
“So you’re helping along one set of
saviors of the ‘distracted republic,’ as
the president calls it ?”

  “ ‘Distracted’ is right. We’re trying
to get the mess over with. We want to
see the mines opened and the railroads
running and the oil coming out. We
want to see Mexico safe for an Amer-
ican, as it was in the days when Diaz
ran it.”

  “I’m not going to ask you how much
money the syndicate has contributed,
nor how much of the pot has been ad-
vanced to this Azcona, nor any other
impertinent details. And I can appre-,
ciate just how you feel about conditions
in Mexico; perhaps I agree with you
more or less inside, although I’m not
supposed to have any sentiments one
way or the other. But there is one
thing I wish you would tell me, and
very seriously. I want to say I’m not
sure it isn’t as much to your interest
as it is to mine for you to give me the
straight of it. Perhaps more. Isn’t it
your idea that the only solution of the
Mexican problem lies either in inter-
vention or the old conservative crowd
■—the Cientificos ?”

 “Of course. Anybody who has
watched things in Mexico for the past
five years ought to know that—if he is
a business man.”

  “If there were a chance that this
money the syndicate is putting up—
these sinews of war Jerry Stedman
gave Azcona—were not going to the

Cientificos-”

  “What do you mean? It is.”

  “That’s just the point. I have a
pretty good reason for believing it
isn’t.”

  “Isn’t? Then who the devil——”
“That I don’t know, dad. But I have
a .tip that Azcona’s crowd is not Cien-
54

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

tifico. If it claims to be, somebody is
getting double-crossed. I might add
something—if you'll lock it up in your
brain when you hear it, and never let it
loose.”

  “Sure.”

  “The leader of this new crowd is—
or was—a Villista. I may be wrong, but
I don’t believe the Cientificos would
pick him for such a job.”

  “Do you mean you think Jerry Sted-
man is getting double-crossed ?”

  “Not necessarily. It might be--”

  “Me, eh ? Well, it might. Such
things have been done.”

  “Listen, father,” said Waite ear-
nestly. “I’m going down to San An-
tonio, and I may have to do something
■—I’ve no idea Avhat, yet, because there’s
a whole lot about my errand I have to
learn after I get there—that will hurt
your pocket. If the syndicate is back-
ing some scheme of Villa’s-” He

paused, reorganized his ideas, and con-
tinued :

  “Whatever some of our big people
may have thought of Villa a few
months ago, just now he is a bandit,
with a price on his head, and an Amer-
ican army chasing him. And if he is
still living and on the job—you know
there is a rumor he has been killed, but
I don’t believe it; the Carranzistas
probably started the story, and are
spreading it as an argument to try to
get Pershing pulleVl back north of the
border—I tell you there isn’t anything
he would do that wouldn’t be to the
injury of the United States. And if
your associates are backing him, why,
I’ll probably be in the position of hav-
ing to try to do something that will cost
you money,”

  The old man rose from the table and
came around it. He showed an angle
of his character that would have sur-
prised his business associates.

  “Waite,” he said. “If you find out,
when you get down there, that our
money' is being used in any way that

means one ounce of real injury to this
country, I don’t care whether some-
body is double-crossing Stedman or
whether he is double-crossing me—go
to it and put a crimp in the whole gang.
You know me, son! You know I think
we've handled this Mexican situation
wrong from soda to hock, and that I
don’t care a hoot whether what I do
pleases the political administration or
not—in fact, if the administration was
pleased, I’d think I had overlooked a
bet and was probably making a mis-
take. But hurting the country is an-
other matter.

  “I’ve got a good . many hundred
thousand dollars invested in Mexico,
and I’ve just chipped ten thousand
more into that little syndicate to chase
after it. If I’ve been led to contribute
any money with which to do my
country harm, I hope I lose it! And
if you’re the one to make me lose it,
under those circumstances, I’ll be proud
of you! Hrrumph! Let’s you and me
go to one of those tired-business-men
shows.”

CHAPTER XIII.

NEWS OF OLD FRIENDS.

  “Therefore,” Leroy Payne said, in
Braxton’s room at the Adelphi, “I
made up my mind we must have some-
body here that could try to get in with
the crowd as a Mexican.” He had been
reviewing the same facts that Braxton
had received from Cameron. “You
seemed to me to be the one best bet.”

  “I could do that—perhaps—if there
were nobody in the refugee colony that
knew me. But I couldn’t travel with
the crowd two days before somebody
would spot me as Braxton, and Brax-
ton isn’t a Spanish name.”

  “You could be a half-caste. You
could claim your mother was Mex-
ican.”

  “No. That wouldn’t do, either. Some-
body would take the trouble to look me
up, even if they didn’t already know.”
A FOU^FOUD GAME

55

  Payne scowled gloomily at a picture
on the hotel wall—a print of Homer
reciting one of his justly celebrated
pieces. “Well, I thought of all that, of
course. But I can’t see anything else
to do that promises to get us the dope
from the inside, and get it quickly
enough. If I'm not mistaken, they’re
getting ready to spring something
pretty sudden.”

 “What?”

  “That’s it. If we could find out, we
could head them ^off. It’s a big crowd
apparently. Pablo Sauceda at the head,
eight or ten or a dozen lieutenants, and
a whole raft of subordinates. They
keep coming and going, these sub-
ordinates, from all over south Texas,
and every last one of them is a Mex-
ican. I’ve tried to work some scheme
to get some of these Mexicans to talk,
but bribery won’t land the lieutenants,
and the men farther down are just
hombres for the most part. They’re
mostly ignorant about just what they’re
up to, or else they’ve got a better rea-
son than usual for not talking.”

  “Cameron wired you about Jerry
Stedman ?”

  “Yes.”

  “Didn’t that give you an idea as to a
way I might go to work ?”

  “Why, no. Perhaps I’d my mind so
filled with the idea that you would
claim to be a Mexican and do a
straight-sleuth act that I couldn’t think
of anything else. Say, Waite, it would
be a shame not to pretend to be a Mex-
ican with that complexion and hair of
yours, and those bee-yewtiful jet-black
whiskers.”

  “Luxuriant foliage, isn’t it?”
grinned Braxton. Then seriously:
“Suppose I were to go to this Sauceda,
tell him .my name, and that I hail from
New York, and ask him to look me up
and find out who I represent. I don’t
tell him, mind; I just ask him to look
me up. Trust a Mexican hot to go at
it directly. Trust him not to ask any-

body in New York—at least, any
American. Then where would he go?
To other Mexicans, wouldn’t he? And
when he found a Mexican that knew
me, what would the Mex say?”

  “I can guess that one the first time.
He’d say you were Waite Braxton, of
the Universal Oil Company.”

  “Then suppose, when Sauceda had
got that kind of a report on me, I told
him I was here to represent the Uni-
versal—secretly. Wouldn’t he believe
it? And suppose, then, I told him I
was in disguise, and wanted to work
under an assumed Spanish name.
Wouldn’t he help me get away with
it?”

  “But why the assumed name and the
Mexican nationality stuff, if Sauceda
already knows who you are?”

  “To get me in on a friendly basis
with the rest of the junta. I have a
suspicion—sorry I can’t tell you what
it is based on, but there’s a matter
of personal confidence involved—that,
while Old Man Stedman is in on this
play, Jerry doesn’t know all that is
going on. I’ve got it in my head that
this Sauceda may not open his heart to
me even if he is convinced I am a rep-
resentative of the Universal. But he
won’t dare to hurt me, because the Uni-
versal at present is his meal ticket.
And if he takes me more or less un-
der his wing, he won’t warn the crowd
against me—outside of his closest fol-
lowers—and I’ll get a chance to do
some digging around in the gang. Then,
if somebody who knows me puts the
subordinates wise to the fact that I’m
not a Mexican, and they run to Sau-
ceda, he’ll tell them to leave me alone
—that he knew it all the time.”

  “That sounds like convincing dope,”
declared Payne, after a moment’s
thought. “Yes, sir. Blamed if I don’t
think it has a mighty good chance to
work.”

  They talked over the details, Braxton
gathering such facts as he needed as to
56

THE CP0CPUL/1CR MAGAZINE

the location of the new junta, the
names of many of the men who seemed
to be Sauceda’s chief lieutenants, and
descriptions of them, and the hotels and
clubs which were their social meeting
places. Sauceda himself had a smalt
house on San Sebastian Avenue, he
learned, which appeared to be the busi-
ness headquarters of the organization.
Two or three of his assistants lived at
the Hotel Bonham; the remainder came
and went, but mostly seemed to reside,
when in San Antonio, in the Mexican
quarter.

  Then they planned where Braxton
should stop, and a simple but effective
code for getting word to one another
that a meeting was imperative, and
when and where they should meet in
such an event. It was determined they
should not appear together publicly.
Payne was supposed to have left Mex-
ico City, like many other Americans,
until after the outcome of the Pershing
pursuit of Villa should be determined,
and to have taken refuge in the nearest
large town to the border, and there was
no reason to believe that any Mexican
had ever suspected his connection with
the service; nevertheless, it was in line
with ordinary caution that they should
not be seen in company.

  Payne, it was agreed, should leave
Dallas the next morning by one rail-
road line; Braxton by another. They
thus would arrive in San Antonio the
following evening on different trains,
and at different stations.

  With all these details settled, the two
friends relaxed, and conversation
drifted into more personal channels.

  “Where have you been since I saw
you ?” asked Payne, at the first op-
portunity. “And I’ve been eaten up
with curiosity to know whether Von
Arnoldt really had that copy of the
note to Japan, whether you got it away
from him, and what was in it.”

  fT’ve been to France, running an er-
rand between the chief and Stevenson.

And I did get the papers, but the Lord
knows what was in them—I don’t.”
Briefly he sketched what had hap-
pened on the Lampasas, up to the time
Von Arnoldt threw his packet over-
board. He touched as lightly as pos-
sible on the part played by Miss Lynde.
When he had finished the story of the
German’s capture, he hesitated a sec-
ond, then went on: “Either his part-
ner had a copy, or she had the original,
and it was a copy he chucked into the
sea. At any rate, I had a bit of luck,
her package got into my hands for a
couple of hours, and Williams took a
copy of it to the chief the night we
landed. Then I went to Europe, and
when I got back, the chief was away—
and there you are! I’d like pretty well
to know what was in that note myself.
By the way, are there many Jap secret
men in San Antonio?”

  “Rather less than there used to be. A
few years ago the town was swarming
with them, you remember. Every
town was that had an army post in it.
They are more under cover now.”

  “And the other nations? Anybody
there I know ? It would be a good idea
to have it in mind who to look out
for.”

  “There’s one fine, able representa-
tive of Germany there—and doing well,
I gather. I was saving the news for a
bit of a surprise after you finished tell-
ing me your Lampasas experience.
Guess!”

  Braxton frowned. “Germany? You

don’t mean that Von Arnoldt has-”

  “No. Not Von Arnoldt. I fancy he
is safely lodged at the expense of the
British government. Sort of too bad;
he’s a fine, upstanding, nervy chap.
No. But that’s a warm guess.” He
paused to make his information im-
pressive. “His beautiful, blue-eyed
lady assistant.”

  “Esther Lynde?”

  “Uh-huh. The same. As lovely as
ever, and still busily engaged in making
A FOU<RFOL<D GAME

57

profitable friends. I wonder if you
ever happened to run into Henry Cook,
when your work has taken you to San
Antonio.”

 , “Cook? Cook? I don’t seem to place
him. What’s his business?”

  “That’s the point. It says ‘Mexican
Lands’ on the door of his office. He’s
a nice young chap. Good looking, well
dressed, owns a fast automobile, trots
around with lots of girls—some that are
in- society and some that aren’t—always
has a smile for everybody, always has
plenty of money in his, pocket, and don’t
mind spending it, well liked and pop-
ular with one and all. Makes his
money, as I said before, in Mexican
lands. Only it happens I can’t find
anybody—and I’ve looked into the mat-
ter quite carefully—who ever heard of
his selling any Mexican lands, or knows
exactly where they are located.”

  Braxton waited inquiringly for the
conclusion.

  “Something set me to looking him
up; I guess it was the speediness with
which your little friend, Miss Lynde,
made his acquaintance after she arrived
a fortnight ago. I made the department
quite a bit of trouble before I got
through, but the result, it seems to me,
is fairly interesting. Mr. Henry Cook,
when he was born—in Stuttgart—was
Herr Heinrich Koch, if it is allowable
to call an infant ‘Herr.’ He has a gift
for languages. His .father is in the
German consular service. Young Mr.
Cook, I omitted to say, claims, when-
ever the matter of race and descent
comes up, to have been born in New
York of Swedish ancestors.”

  Braxton pondered this a minute.
“And Miss Lynde?” he said. “You
say she is working with this Cook?”
“Evidently. They’re together a great
deal. With the Carsons in the back-
ground, of course.”

  “Oh! So they’re there, too.”

  “I fancy they’re always where Miss
Lynde is. She strikes me as being a

person willing to risk almost anything
short of breaking the conventions. And
I’m darned if I don't wish some of our
equally nice Yankee girls would be as
careful as she is. The Continent has
it on us in some things.”

  “What are they up to—Miss Lynde
and this Cook? Have you any idea?”
“Not the slightest. So far as I've
been able to find out, they haven’t any-
thing to do with this Sauceda game—
and that's the job I’m assigned to. Ger-
man activities is somebody else’s hunt.”
“Whose?”

  “Haven’t the slightest idea. I do
know there’s somebody on it—at least
I suppose so from the chief’s letter of
instructions. He said I need not bother
about Germans or Japs or any of the
other people; just to stick to Mexican
affairs in general, and this Sauceda job
in particular. I haven’t run into any
of our people that I know, except the
two or three fellows wdio are working
under me, but, of course, that doesn’t
prove anything. I’ve been immolated
in Mexico so long I hardly know any-
body in the service, anyway, unless
they’ve happened to be sent there. And
there are always chaps, like yourself,
that very few men even in the depart-
ment know.”

  “Where is Miss Lynde stopping?”
“At the St. Francis. This Cook per-
son lives at the St. Francis, too.
Happy coincidence—like the one when
she happened to get rooms at the Presi-
dente, on the next floor to Von Arnoldt,
eh? Speaking of the Presidente, we
are sure now which of our interna-
tional friends got those papers—but
just who killed Calderon?”

  “I wish I knewT!” said Waite.

CHAPTER XIV.

BURIED DYNAMITE.

  Pablo Sauceda was unusually tall for
a Mexican, very deep of chest, and
darker than the average mulatto, with
58

THE tPOVULJlcR MAGAZINE

sharp, glistening, suspicious eyes, and
a hard, cruel mouth. A man probably
of almost pure Indian blood'; a fighter
of the Villa type. A much better edu-
cated man than Villa, however—it was
noticeable at first hearing that at some
time or other he had come under the
influence of Mexicans who spoke cor-
rectly ; very seldom, indeed, did he blur
his b’s and v’s.

  He received Braxton in the parlor
of the little cottage on San Sebastian
Avenue that served as his headquar-
ters. There were two Mexicans sitting
on the front gallery—doing nothing.
There was a Mexican sitting in a rock-
ing-chair under the fig tree that shaded
the side window of the room in which
Sauceda sat—doing nothing. Voices
from a room in the rear indicated there
were also other Mexicans within easy
call. Sauceda was well guarded. Also,
the chance of eavesdroppers learning
what was discussed in that little parlor
was practically nil.

  The house stood midway of the
block, in a spot well shaded by trees.
One who turned to enter it was quite
.out of the glare of the arc lights that
hung at the street intersections. It
stood in the middle of a good-sized lot,
which gave it satisfactory isolation,
while at the same time it was within
seven minutes’ street-car ride of the
very center of the city.

  He greeted Braxton in the center of
the room with a warm handclasp and a
smile that showed firm, large, very
white teeth, and offered him a chair.
He wasted no time in nonessentials.

  “In accordance with the request you
made of me when you called last eve-
ning, senor, I have made certain in-
quiries,” he said. “My friends inform
me that Senor Waite Braxton is a rep-
resentative of the Universal Oil Com-
pany. They also described you ac-
curately enough to satisfy me you are
the man—although they do not mention

the beard, which, I presume, is of re-
cent growth.”

  “Grown purely for the purpose of
this visit to the Southwest,” put in
Braxton.

 “Yes? So I have done what you
asked me to do. I have found out who
you are. Yes. That being the

case^-” He paused inquiringly.

“Why? Why? Why?” he reiterated
impatiently, as Braxton did not speak.
“Let us not be mysterious. What does
Senor Braxton, of the. Universal Oil
Company, wish with me ?”

  “I’ve come to sit into the game,”
said Waite.

 “To what? What game? I do not
understand. Explain yourself.”

  “You get me perfectly, general. I’m
here to watch the wheels go round.”
The Mexican shrugged his shoulders.
“I do not understand what you mean
at all.” ,

  “Pardon me, general, but if you will
consider a little, I think it will come
to you. It was hardly reasonable, was
it, that our good friend, Senor Sted-
man, would not want to keep track of
his, shall we say—investment?”

  Sauceda sat perfectly still for fully
a minute, his black eyes on Braxton’s
face, while Waite withstood the
scrutiny smilingly. Then he shouted:
“Andres! To me, a moment, if you
please!”

  From the back room came the sound
of moving chairs and a cessation of
voices. The door opened, and a short,
light-complexioned middle-aged man of
neat, almost dandified appearance, stood
on the threshold. He was stylishly
dressed, his graying mustache was care-
fully trimmed, and his hair was parted
in a line that went over the top of his
head and down the back of it to his
neck, being brushed on the back to both
sides. He looked inquiringly from the
general to Braxton, and back.

  “Andres,” said Sauceda, “have you
ever met this gentleman before?”
A FOU<RFOUD GAME

59

  The new arrival, entering and closing
the door, smiled deprecatingly. “I fear
I have not had that honor,5’ he said.

  “I introduce you, then, to Senor
Waite Braxton, a representative of the
Universal Oil Company. You are quite
sure you have never happened to meet
him—in your travels?”

  The elderly man appraised Waite
very sharply from head to foot. He
spoke positively. ‘‘I think not. I have
no recollection of it.”

  “It is true. I think you have never
seen me,” said Braxton, “but I think,
Senor. Azcona”—both Sauceda and the
other looked more searchingly at him as
he pronounced the name—“I think I
can convince you that I have seen you
quite recently. To be exact, a week
ago yesterday.”

  “Indeed!” said Azcona. “It is pos-
sible ; I was hereabouts at that time.”
“No. You were in New York. I
arrived from there yesterday. Would
you like me to tell you where you were
in New York—and why?” The Mex-
ican bowed.

  “You called twice Wednesday at the
office of the Universal Oil Company—-
at noon and again at four. On the fol-
lowing day—one week ago yesterday—
you were at the Beekman House. I
was not present at your interview with
Senor Stedman—it was without wit-
nesses, as was entirely proper and nec-
essary—but you will believe I was not
far away when I mention that you left
your room after the interview—room
No. 672—and came to the elevator with
him. The hour, you will recall, was
five-thirty in the afternoon,”

  Azcona flashed an inquiring glance
at his chief. “Is that right, Andres?”
asked Sauceda.

  “Exactly.”

  “Thank you. You may leave us
alone, if you will—and thank you. We
shall see considerable of Senor Brax-
ton, I think. He has come to—how

does he say it in the Texas draw-poker
language?—to sit into the game.”

  When Azcona had shaken hands cere-
moniously with Braxton and with-
drawn, the general turned to the Amer-
ican.

  “I see you are familiar with various
matters,” he remarked. “I suppose you
do not object to my writing Senor Sted-
man regarding you ?”

  “Not in the least,” Braxton replied,
grinning. “But if you have had any
experience with Universal Oil, and the
methods of Senor Jeremiah Stedman,
you know perfectly will he will not
answer your letter. Senor Stedman is
moderately careful to whom he writes,
and what he says on paper. However,
write by all means if you wish. He
will be angry that you put anything
about the matter in writing, of course,
but he is angry much of the time, any-
way. Not the pleasantest man in the
world to get along with, as you un-
doubtedly know. Yes, he prefers con-
versations to letters, and sends mes-
sengers instead of " messages—that is
why I am here. But I cannot see why
you should not write him if you wish.
You are not afraid of Senor Stedman’s
bark. You are not in his employ.”

  “I am not afraid of any one. I shall
write him,” declared Sauceda judicially,
and Braxton felt sure - from his voice
that he would not.

  “You said,” suggested Sauceda, after
a moment, “that you had grown a beard
for the purpose of this visit. It is your
hope, then, not to be identified.”

  “I should prefer not to be. It is not
to any one’s interest that my New York
associates should be known in this
matter.”

  “Very true. And your plan?”

  “With your approval, general, I shall
be known hereabouts—except to your-
self and your principal friends—as one
of Latin blood. As you observe, my
coloring is Spanish, and I have the lan-
guage.”
60

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

  “Perfectly. You must have lived
many years in—was it Mexico?”

  “Spain. It occurred to me, while
remaining here on this visit, that I
might be known by an assumed name;
in fact, I have already registered at the
Hotel Edgewood under the name of
Correon—Salvador Correon. I would
thus attract less attention among those
who assist you. Has the idea your ap-
proval ?”

  “It is a very good one.” A brief
pause ensued. “What do you especially
plan to do ? How do you desire to—to
sit into the game?”

  “In any way that is helpful. It is a
week since Senor Azcona left New
York? Perhaps you will be good
enough to tell me what progress has
been made in that time-.”

  The Mexican replied readily enough.
“The work of recruiting goes on. We
have gained more than two hundred
men in the week. This makes the total
something over a thousand. It will be
two thousand in a week; five thousand,
perhaps, in a fortnight. We can move
more rapidly now, with more funds for
expenses.”

  Recruiting for what, Waite wondered.
He must continue blindly. “And what
number must be had before—” He
left the question significantly open.

  “We hope for at least ten thousand.
Less than that would hardly suffice.
Besides, we might as well continue to
recruit until the rifles and ammunition
are ready. We have the money now
with which to buy them, of course, but
since this little incident at Columbus
the American government has again put
an embargo on arms and cartridges
crossing the border. It may be neces-
sary, at the last, to smuggle them across.
And there is no sense in gathering one's
army and sending it over the river un-
til the tools with which to. work are
there awaiting it.”

  So Sauceda was talking about rais-
ing an army. An army of Texas Mex-

icans, to go across the Rio Grande and
fight for somebody. For the Cienti-
ficos, it would naturally be presumed,
bearing in mind the bias of the syndi-
cate, as his father had expressed it.
He felt quite certain Sauceda was talk-
ing to him along the same lines that
Azcona had pursued in talking with
Jerry Stedman.

  “You are scattering the enlistments,
I suppose,” he said. “In various
towns.”

  “Oh, yes. Not too many in any one
city or town—that would be to call
attention of the Federal authorities.
Throughout south Texas—here in San
Antonio, in Barnes, San Pedro, Salado
Counties, in the counties along the Rio
Grande—all the way from Brownsville
to Del Rio, and up from the border a
hundred and fifty miles.”

  “And they are all Mexicans; there
will be no American soldiers of for-
tune?”

  “All Mexicans, every one of them.
And we are raising .them with the
promise of only small pay, for the re-
lief of distressed Mexico. These
Texas Mexicans are intelligent, com-
pared to the pelados below the border.
They realize it is a terrible thing that
has come upon their kinsfolk at home
because of all these revolutions—this
condition of confusion and anarchy.
We are appealing to their real patri-
otism.”

  And now, beyond a doubt, Braxton
knew that Sauceda was lying. An army
he might be raising, and very likely
was, but he was flatly falsifying as to
the details. Hence, presumably, he was
also lying as to the purpose; that, how-
ever, Waite had suspected all the
while.

  “As regards the rifles and ammuni-
tion-” Braxton began, with the idea

of leading the Mexican to say more,
none of which he was prepared to be-
lieve, when there came an interruption.

  A street car stopped at the near-by
A F<DU<RFOL<D GAME

61

corner, and from it descended a Mex-
ican, who hurried at a walk that was
almost a run toward the middle of the
block, where stood Sauceda’s house. As
he turned into the yard, Braxton heard
his -‘mpetuous footsteps. Followed then
his voice, the voice of a Mexican of the
pelado class. He was calling, from
some yards away, to the twTo men who
sat on guard on the front gallery.

  “Ho, friends!” he hailed. “I seek
the general, quick! I am Jose Lopez—
from Mendon. The dynamite that was
buried-”

  A quick step on the gallery was fol-
lowed by a muffling of the words as
though some one had clapped an extin-
guishing hand over the speaker’s mouth.
“Peace, fool!” growled an ugly voice.
“Cease shouting from the hills! Sit
and wait! wait!”

  Sauceda had lifted his head at the
interruption, but Braxton gave no sign
of having heard. He had gone on with
his question, asking where it was
planned to have the war supplies de-
livered, and Sauceda was on the point
of answering, when there came a knock
on the front door. To the general’s in-
vitation to enter, it opened, and a very
wide-shouldered man, with a broad nose
and a disfiguring scar across his dark-
hued forehead—a typical border bandit
—stood in the opening, smiling a smile
that was more sinister than a scowl.

  “Pardon, my general,” he said, “but
you were to be reminded at nine o’clock
that you had a long-distance telephone
call. It is past nine.” His voice was
very soft, but it was the same ugly
voice that had silenced the blunderer.

  “It is true. I had forgotten. Thank
yon. Tomas.” Sauceda rose and ex-
tended his hand. “I must ask you to
excuse me, my friend,” he said to Brax-
ton. “We shall see much of one an-
other, I hope. Come at any time. Al-
ways you are welcome.”

  As Waite passed through the door
and down the steps to the walk that led

straight to the street, he noted that, al-
though the murderous-looking Tomas
had now stepped inside the house, there
were still two men on the gallery—as
many as when he came. One was sit-
ting, as before, in a chair. The other,
his back against a veranda post, was
squatting on his heels. This would be
Jose Lopez, of Mendon, accustomed
to squatting before a jacal, slow-
brained, but excitable, messenger. He
made up his mind to cultivate Jose at
a convenient moment.

 Mendon, county seat of Salado
County, is less than fifty miles south
of San Antonio. One who is prepar-
ing to raise an army that shall cross
into Mexico, and be armed on that side
of the border, has no cause to burv dv-

 ’	j

namite a hundred miles north of the
Rio Grande.

CHAPTER XV.

CAPTAINS OF TEN.

  Braxton gained additional informa-
tion as to the errand of Lopez when he
opened his newspaper the next morn-
ing. Carried inconspicuously on an in-
side page was this item, under a Men-
don date line:

  Manuel Ruiz, a Mexican farm hand, was
blown to bits by a mysterious explosion on
the farm of Tom B. Ezell, on the outskirts
of town, yesterday afternoon. Ruiz was
plowing with a pair of mules, and it is sup-
posed the plow struck a package of dynamite
or other similar explosive that happened to
be in the ground a short distance below the
surface. Other Mexicans working not far
away heard the roar of the explosion, and
found remains of the plow and the mules.
The body of Ruiz was annihilated.

  Mr. Ezell said last night he was a.t a loss
to explain the explosion, as he had no dyna-
mite on his farm, and had never known of
any being buried there. The accident hap-
pened in a fenced lot not far from his house,
where he decided to plow only yesterday
morning. All the windows in his house were
broken, and the shock of the explosion also
shattered several windows in town, nearly a
mile away. Sheriff Brown is conducting an
investigation. - .
62

THE <PO<PULA<R. MAGAZINE

  This supplied the details that Lopez
undoubtedly had given Sauceda after
Braxton had gone, but it shed no light
on the subject of why explosives in
large quantities had been buried in the
near outskirts of Mendon. Braxton
considered, as he ate his breakfast with
the newspaper propped up before him,
the various possibilities of the incident.
He determined to make a visit to Men-
don as soon as should prove convenient.

  He was eating lunch alone in the Ho-
tel Bonham, that noon, when two Mex-
icans were ushered to the next table.
This of itself was not a matter to at-
tract notice; the Bonham is a favorite
hotel with Mexican refugees of the
better class. Braxton would not have
noticed them particularly, had not a
scrap of their conversation come to him.
One of them mentioned that somebody
—he did not catch the beginning of the
sentence-had “brought it from New
York.”

  He noted then, without appearing to
pay attention to the men, that they were
both dark and of middle age. One of
them was quite well dressed; he looked
to be a city man. The other, while
clean enough and neat enough, wore
obviously ready-made clothes of a cut
that had passed out of style some
months before. His table manners,
also, indicated he was unused to the
ways of large hotels.

  Their voices were subdued; only
fragments of the talk came to Waite’s
ears. He heard: “. . . moving fast
now.” . . very soon, perhaps next
week, if . . .” Then, “How many
in your county?” and almost the entire
reply to that question: “Twenty-eight,
which means when each has summoned
his chain, that three hundred and eight
will . . .”

  They appeared, soon after, to have
changed the subject. At any rate,
nothing reached Waite’s ears that
seemed to fit with what had gone be-
fore. When he left the dining room,

they were talking very little on any
subject, having just been served, and
the Mexican with the ready-made
clothes being an extremely earnest
eater.

  At nine that evening, Braxton called
again on Sauceda, at the San Sebastian
Avenue house. The darkly smiling
Tomas greeted him from the front gal-
lery, and ushered him into the same
room in which he had met the former
Villa general the night before. This
time Sauceda was not alone. Across
the oblong table in the center of the
room sat Senor Azcona—and the Mex-
ican of the noontime conversation who
had said that his county possessed
“twenty-eight,” which would be multi-
plied by eleven with the operation of a
“chain.” Sauceda presented this man
as Senor Escalera, of Somersworth.

  The three talked with apparent free-
dom, from which Braxton felt sure he
had been the subject of careful dis-
cussion among the Sauceda lieutenants,
and that a definite policy of handling
him had been determined upon. This
policy might be expected to Work so
long as the only lieutenants he met were
the intelligent and resourceful ones, and
Waite felt an effort would probably
be made to prevent his coming in con-
tact with the others.

  “I am glad you happened to come at
just this minute,” said Sauceda, when
the introduction was out of the way,
and Waite and Escaicra had murmured
their polite phrases of pleasure. “Senor
Escalera, who came in to report his
progress down in San Pedro County,
had just asked me as to the number of
enlistments throughout south Texas. I
have no doubt you will be interested in
the answer.”

  He crossed the room to a small safe,
and took from a locked compartment
a packet of papers. As he spread them
before him on the table, Braxton saw
at a glance they were lists of names,
grouped by counties and towns, a
A FOURFOLD GAME

63

county name being at the top of each
page.

  Sauceda began to run them over,
putting down the total number of
names in each list. Bexar County,
which contains San Antonio, led with
something over two hundred. Counties
near the river had from fifty to over
one hundred names each. More north-
ern counties averaged twenty or twen-
ty-five, except Salado County, which
had eighty-seven. Recruiting for the
Cientifico cause would seem to be pop-
ular in and around Mendon.

  Braxton did not doubt, from their
appcarance, that these wTere bona-fide
lists of recruits, although he did doubt,
very emphatically, that the said recruits
had any intention of going across the
border to fight for the old order of
things that obtained before the down-
fall of Diaz. As Sauceda went over
the sheets, one by one, and pushed them
to one side, Braxton had opportunity to
pick them up and glance casually
through them. None of the lists con-
tained any name, so far as he could
sec at a hurried glance, with which he
was familiar, except that page which
grouped the Mendon recruits in the
Salado County division. On this he
saw the name of Jose Lopez. That was
to be expected. He looked quickly for
Manuel Ruiz; the name of the an-
nihilated one was not there. This also
was in accordance with his expecta-
tions ; any Mexican who had known
about the burying of the dynamite
would not have plowed into it.

  When Sauceda came to the San
Pedro County list he looked up in-
quiringly. “Nineteen,” he said. “And
you say you have-”

  “Nine new names,” responded Es-
calera, producing a paper and handing
it across the table. “That makes twen-
ty-eight.”

  Sauceda pinned the new list to the
old and went on with his count. When

he had finished, he added the figures
that he had put down by counties.

  The total of all the lists was nearly
eleven hundred. Nearly eleven hun-
dred Mexicans resident in Texas
pledged to some undertaking to which
each stood to bring ten more—some un-
dertaking that might call for supplies
of dynamite, and whose chai'acter must
be kept secret even from those who
were supplying the financial sinews; at
least, if those contributors happened to
be a certain New York syndicate. It
was not far-fetched, Braxton thought,
to presume the true purpose of the or-
ganization might be one that should be
kept a secret from all good Americans.

  Eleven hundred—times eleven !
More than twelve thousand men, a
fair-sized army! And some reason for
keeping entirely dark the fact that these
listed recruits comprised less than a
tenth of the force that was being or-
ganized.

  The count of the lists had taken more
than a half hour. For some time after
that they conversed in a desultory man-
ner. Senor Azcona finally looked at his
watch.

  “Ten o’clock!” he said. “I was
rather thinking of going down to the
Madison Club and getting a refreshing
drink—and, perhaps, after a little, a
sandwich. Can any of you join me?”

  Sauceda and Escalera hastened to
say they had some personal matters to
discuss together that would prevent
their leaving. Braxton, seeing in this
invitation a tactful way of getting him
out from under foot, hastened to ac-
cept. He and Azcona bade the others
good night and boarded a street car
bound in town.

  A members’ dance was in progress in
the ballroom of the Madison Club, and
the seventh-floor dining room contained
many people. Braxton and his com-
panion found a small table at the side
of the room, and ordered a light lunch
and innocuous drinks. Their conversa-
64

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

tion was casual and general, with no
reference to the greater matters in
which they were concerned. Azcona
was a smooth person, polished and well
traveled. He talked entertainingly, but
there was an oiliness to his courtesy
that belied its sincerity.

  A party of three or four young men
rose from a table near the front of the
dining room, after a little, and started
toward the elevators. They were in
evening clothes; obviously a part of the
dancing company three floors below.
One of them caught sight of Azcona,
left his friends with a word of excuse,
and.came toward their table. He was a
man of thirty or thereabouts, of excep-
tionally attractive appearance, a man of
breeding, apparently, who had an air
of sophistication. Braxton, as he ap-
proached, noticed these things as well
as the up-to-the-minute cut of his
clothes, and the tiny, toothbrush mus-
tache above a mouth that smiled easily.

  As he approached, Azcona said: “A
friend. I will present you.” He rose
to shake hands with the pleasant-faced
newcomer, and turned to Waite, who
also stood.

  “Let me make you acquainted with
Senor Salvador Correon,” he said, in
Spanish. “Senor Henry Cook. Senor
Cook is American,” he continued, “but
he speaks our tongue so much better
than I speak his that we usually con-
verse in it.”

  Senor Cook, whom Braxton at once
identified from Payne’s description as
that dilettante trader in “Mexican
lands,” whose birthplace—as Heinrich
Koch—was not New York, and who
had a gift for languages, greeted Waite
with engaging cordiality.

  “Senor Azcona speaks flattery,” he
said, in Spanish almost as pure as Brax-
ton’s own. “As a matter of fact, his
own English is almost without accent.
Do you speak both languages, senor?”

  “Oh, yes,” assented Waite.

  “I merely came over to pay my re-
spects,” Cook added to Azcona. “There
is a large crowd dancing to-night. It
is a very pleasant party.” He ad-
dressed Waite again. “You are a
stranger in San Antonio, senor ?”
Waite said he had been in the city once
before. “And do you stay long?”

 “Who knows?” Braxton smiled,
shrugging with the “Quien sabe?” as a
Mexican refugee might shrug at the
same question. “These are days of un-
certainty.”

„ “That is true. Well, I am glad to
meet you, and I trust we shall become
better acquainted. Good night.” The
young man again shook hands with
both, in accordance with the demands
of Mexican etiquette, and strode
blithely away, bowing to no less than a
half dozen acquaintances before he
reached the elevators.

  “A very pleasant gentleman,” sur-
mised Braxton, following Cook with
his eyes. “Is he connected in any way
with—Mexican affairs.”

  “Only that he has business interests
in Mexico—in Coahuila, I believe. He
has many friends among the Spanish-
speaking people. Among all people, I
should say. Yes, it would be fair to de-
scribe Senor Cook as an unusually pop-
ular young man.”

  “He looks as if he might dance well.
Is he as attractive to the ladies as he is
to men?”

  Senor Azcona smiled and shook his
head slowly, as the middle-aged may
do in discussing the attractiveness of
youth. “Each day one sees him with
two or three on the street,” he said,
“and each night with one at some dance
or supper or in his car. He is catholic
in his tastes—all beautiful women look
alike to him. I fancy there have been
broken hearts; he is a sad flirt. But no
Don Tuan. No. One allows one’s
daughters to be escorted by Henry
Cook. And is it not pleasant to see
such courtesy on the part of an Amer-
A FOUtRFOLZ) GAME

lean ? Pardon me! But you also have
it, so my phrase was not unfortunate;
too many Americans are lacking in re-
spect toward other men. Yes, Senor
Cook is a pleasant yroung gentleman.”
‘T take it, since his business inter-
ests are in Mexico—and business in-
terests in Mexico are not paying ’’many
dividends just now—that he is a man
of some means.”

  “Undoubtedly, although as to that I
have no knowledge.”

  After a little, Azcona glanced at his
watch. “I had no idea it was getting
so late!” he exclaimed. “It is past my
usual bedtime.”

  Chatting, they went down in the ele-
vator. At the ballroom floor, the car
filled; it was midnight, and the dance
was breaking up. Down on the ground
floor, a dozen or twenty men and
women were standing in the reception
hall and the wide ladies' parlor, wait-
ing for friends or for motors to arrive.
Over the heads of a group of chatter-
ing girls, as he moved from the ele-
vator toward the outer door, he saw
Esther Lynde standing apart from any
group. She was looking directly at
him, and he thought he saw a flash of
recognition pass over her face. He
turned his head away quickly' and
passed through the outer door, talking
steadily, and without much under-
standing of what he was saynng, to Az-
cona. He did not look again in her di-
rection ; therefore, he did not see the
smiling Mr. Cook step to her side a
second after he had turned his head,
bringing her cloak.

  It annoyed him exceedingly that he
should feel so confused and school-
boyish at the meeting. What did he
care for one who had regarded him as
merely a convenient tool to be used in
the game she played? He said good
night at the foot of the steps to Senor
Azcona and set out to walk to his ho-
tel. A tool! Yet she was very beau-
tiful, and very sweet. Why couldn't
5B p

she have kept away from San An-
tonio ?

  As her eyes fell upon his face—she
could not believe he had seen her, else
why should he have looked away?—she
exclaimed: “Why, there is WTaite
Braxton!”

  “I beg pardon!” said Mr. Cook, ar-
riving at that second. “Braxton ? Who
is Braxton ? I don't believe I know
him.’'

  “That very dark, distinguished-Iook-
ing man just passing through the door
—with Senor Azcona. He is Waite
Braxton, of New York—I imagine you
have heard of him; Braxton, of the
Universal Oil.”

 Mr. Cook smiled. “He may be
Waite Braxton, of the Universal Oil,”
he said. “But a half hour ago, when I
was in the dining room, and was in-
troduced to him, he was Salvador Cor-
reon, of somewhere in Mexico. Per-
haps there is a striking resemblance.”
“Correon!” she said. She adjusted
her wrap and made ready to move to-
ward the door. “Yes.” she said. “A
very striking resemblance, indeed.
They could quite easily pass for twin
brothers. It quite deceived me for a
moment.”

CHAPTER XVI.

A MAD PROGRAM.

  Waite, was up betimes the next
morning, and into the Edge wood dining
room not long after it opened. Seated
at a table some distance away, his back
toward Braxton, was a figure that
looked somehow familiar. Waite
studied it furtively; after a few mo-
ments the man turned his head to make
some request of the waiter, and dis-
played a regular, stern profile of wind-
bitten, weather-tanned skin, and sin-
gularly steady, cold eyes. Recognition
came quickly enough to Braxton, and
he shifted his position so as to turn his
back to the other. When last he had
seen that leathery face and those steady
66

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

eyes the man had worn khaki riding
clothes and a high, peaked hat, and
there had been pistols in the holsters on
both hips. In ordinary street clothes,
as he was now, he looked somehow
smaller and less competent, but there
was no mistaking him. He was Cap-
tain Robert Dalton, of the Texas
Rangers.

  Something over three years before,
Dalton and Braxton had met on the
Mexican border, and been thrown to-
gether more or less for a fortnight.
Waite had been of some small service
to the Ranger, and Dalton had also
helped him in the task on which he was
engaged, and they had forgathered so-
cially a bit—had smoked and talked eve-
nings, gone shooting quail one day, and
once visited together the Masonic lodge
in the little town in which they had
their business.

  The first impulse on Braxton’s part
had been to cross the dining room and
renew the acquaintance, but Dalton did
not know him as a government agent,
and how could he explain his registra-
tion at the hotel under an assumed
name ? He hurried his grapefruit,
drank a cup of coffee, and left the
dining room while the Ranger was still
at the table.

  At a lunch bar downtown he ate a
real breakfast, and before nine o’clock
was on a side street, entering a large
garage whose sign proclaimed that it
was conducted by “Blossom & Reed,
Auto Livery.” He had once seen Mr.
Blossom, and heard that gentleman
talk; unless he had erred in sizing up
the man, he felt he was just the person
for the undertaking at hand. He
wanted a good, trustworthy chauffeur,
and he wanted to be positive the man
could not understand Spanish.

  Mr. Blossom, as Waite had noted
through the window before entering,
was already on duty in the office of the
garage. He was a medium-sized,
gangling fellow, with a roving Adam's

apple, and china-blue eyes, whose age
might be anywhere from twenty-five to
forty. No well-traveled person could
have possibly mistaken his dialect,
which was dOwn-East Yankee. As a
matter of fact, Amos P. Blossom was
born in Kittery, Maine, where his fa-
ther worked in the navy yard, and
learned the machinist trade at Saco. A
trip to Texas as chauffeur for a con-
sumptive millionaire and a shrewd ap-
preciation of the possibilities of the
tourist trade had anchored him in San
Antonio with a partner from back home
and a flourishing business,

  Braxton addressed him ‘ in rapid
Spanish: “I want to hire a good car
and a driver for the day, to make a trip
out into the country.”

  Mr. Blossom smiled - deprecatingly.'
“Sorry,” he said, in English, “but I
don’t speak Spanish—not any at all.”
Waite shrugged his shoulders as
though he, also, were handicapped by
ignorance,- and again spoke in Spanish,
this time very, very slowly.

  “I wish to hire a car and a driver,”
he said, “and I think you would like the
job, because it will be worth quite a
little money to you.”

  This, if Blossom could understand
Spanish at all, ought to. produce an
acknowledgment of' the fact. Unless
Braxton had made an error in judg-
ment, the liveryman probably still had
the first dollar he had ever earned hid-
den in the darkest closet in his house,
with a railroad spike on it to keep it
from flying away.; a job that would
mean “quite a little money” would be
open to discussion, at any rate. But
Blossom shook his head and raised his
voice, as though his prospective patron
were deaf.

 “Me—no—spik Spanish !” he de-
clared. “I get that word ‘dinero,’ but
not another darned thing you said.”
“All right,” replied Braxton, in his
native tongue. “We’ll speak English
then. What would you charge for a
A FOU<RFOLcD GAME

67

car to be gone all day—to-day—to
start right now? You to drive it your-
self?”

  “Gosh, mister! You surprise me.
Honest, you do!” declared Blossom. “I
thought you couldn’t speak English al^
all. Say, if it ain’t too much to ask,
why didn’t you talk English when I
first said I couldn’t talk Spanish?”

“I don’t know; it didn’t occur to me,
I guess. I think in Spanish, you see.”
“Uh-huh. Well, I don’t drive my
cars much myself, but I got a lot of
good chauffeurs. I can let you have

  “I want you, personally.”

  Blossom’s china eyes searched Brax-
ton’s black ones. “Where was you
thinkin’ of goin’?”.

  “Mendon, down in Salado County.
Perhaps four or five miles beyond
there.”

 “How many passengers? Them
roads dowrn Mendon way are certainly
awful hard on the springs and tires.”
“Just myself.”

  “Forty dollars.”

  “Forty dollars! Oh, I say! Thirty
is about the usual——”

  “Yeah! But this ain’t no usual trip.
If you want one of my good cars, mis-
ter, and you’re especially fussy about
gettin’ a chauffeur that ain’t goin’ to
understand what you say if you stop
and talk to somebody in Spanish, why,
the way I figure it, it’s wuth a little
more. Sometimes, once in a while, I’ve
noticed there’s a leetle risk goes with
these trips on Mexican business. You
see, I talk frankly, man fashion. Be-
tween you and I, I ain’t specially stuck
on these jobs. I’ve had one or two ex-
periences, as you might say.”

  “What makes you think I don't want
a Spanish-speaking chauffeur?”

 “Mebbe it’s just my mind. You
think in Spanish. I think in Yankee.
Get me?”

  “I do,” laughed Braxton, amused.
“And at forty I expect to hire a good

car, a competent chauffeur—yourself,
and a close mouth.”

  “Mister,” said Blossom earnestly. “I
ain’t never one of that talkin’ kind.
You can believe me or not, but the last
time I took out a Mexican part}/, one
of the gentlemen tried to rob me—with
a pistol, too—and I never even told the
police.”

  “Did he succeed in doing it?”

  “Well, no, to tell you the honest
truth, he didn’t. But, golly! It was
mighty unpleasant. I try to keep out of
unpleasant jobs—unless they pay fairly
well. I ain’t no rough character, and
up where I come from they don’t be-
lieve in shootin’, and all that.”

  “Mr. Blossom, you’re hired,” de-
clared Braxton. “Blamed if I don’t be-
lieve you would keep your mouth shut
even if you did speak Spanish. And
I have £ feeling your company, to-day,
is going to be worth the extra money.”
“We’ll be ready to start in fifteen
minutes,” said Blossom. “Jest as soon
as I look over the gas and the tires.”
He turned away with a sigh. “Hon-
est,” he said, “the way the roads are
down in that Mendon country, and the
price of tires and gasoline the way it
is now, I ought to charge you more.
I won’t make hardly a cent,”

  They had to pass through a part of
the city’s center before striking into the
road that led southward toward Salado
County. Two or three blocks from
the garage they met a handsome, low
black car, with two occupants, and
Braxton was glad he had already
donned the dust coat and goggles he
had borrowed from Blossom. The two
occupants were General Sauceda, late
of the forces of Pancho Villa, and
Henry Cook, San Antonio agent for
Mexican lands.

  Once clear of the city, Blossom set-
tled down to a gait that combined mod-
erate speed wTith comfort, plus a proper
solicitude for springs and tires. It was
a beautiful spring day—one of those
68

THE POPULA^R MAGAZINE

south Texas April days, when the mer-
cury reaches eighty degrees in the
shade, but an ample breeze prevents
the heat from being noticeable so long
as one remains in the shade. With the
top up, motoring was very comfortable.
The car rolled steadily on, over fair
roads, through wide areas of mesquite
and pear cactus, then across prairies
where the Texas bluebonnet, as far in
every direction as the eye could see,
tinted the ground a brighter cerulean
than the sky.

  They passed without stopping through
little villages that all looked alike—a
principal street, with three or four
stores, a few dozen one-story frame
houses with perhaps an adobe building
or two, a couple of corrals—and then on
into the open country again. Darting
lizards scuttled for shelter in the sand
beside the road; ground squirrels and
horned toads hurried ahead of them as
though bound somewhere on sudden
and important business; jack rabbits
and cottontails scampered away at their
approach; and once, on a rise not a
hundred yards away, a pair of coyotes
stood and eyed them curiously.

  They did not talk much. Once, after
a longer silence than usual, Blossom
said:

  “Say, mister! Of course it ain’t none
of my business, and I ain’t tryin’ to butt
in or nothin’, but you ain’t happened to
mention to me what your name was ?”

  “Haven’t I?” said Waite absent-
mindedly. There was a pause.

  “I getcher!” remarked Blossom,
quite without rancor.

  Early in the afternoon, they reached
Mendon, a pretentious town of six or
seven thousand inhabitants, possessing
an ornamental railroad station, several
brick blocks, a cotton gin, two well-
advertised real-estate additions, and a
prosperous-looking little bank. Along
the main street saddle horses stood
drowsily, anchored in their places by
psychology—the reins being dropped

over their heads to drag on the ground
at their feet, a procedure which usually
convinces a south Texas horse that he
is irrevocably hitched. "	°

  Braxton and Blossom ate substan-
tially at a “short-order” restaurant
across the street from the bank, after
which Waite, by a few tactful inquiries
at the post office, located Jose Lopez
as being a sort of head man among the
Mexicans employed on the farm of one
Martin on the southern outskirts of the
town. The Martin Farm, he heard, ad-
joined the property of Ezell, where the
explosion had taken place. He also
learned, to his satisfaction, that if he
was desirous of finding Bill Martin, he
had come on a bad day, Bill having but
that morning taken the train for San-
tone.

  They came upon Lopez, working,
with six or seven other Mexicans, in a
field bordered by the road, and Brax-
ton summoned him to come to the car.
He removed his hat as he approached;
a dark-brown, soft-eyed, pock-marked
man of fifty, of the peon type. A scar
across one cheek, and two fingers
missing from his left hand, bore mute
witness that in his day he had been
concerned in knife fights. This was a
man who would probably be faithful to
his associates in any conspiracy, but
not one of much intelligence, and with
no especial ability to think quickly in
any emergency save a purely physical
one. The course to pursue with him
was to overwhelm him with authority,
trusting to his natural awe of caste to
overcome his caution.

  “Put cm your hat, Jose; the sun is
hot!” commanded Braxton, in rapid
Spanish, with the air of one who kindly
condescends. “The driver of the car
has no Spanish at all; therefore you
can talk freely. Has Sheriff Brown
learned anything yet about the dyna-
mite ?”

 “The dynamite? Sheriff Brown?
What should I-” Jose stammered,
A FOU^RFOUD GAME

69

swung off his feet by the suddenness of
the question.

  “It is all right. Perhaps you have
forgotten me—perhaps you never no-
ticed me—at San Sebastian Avenue. I
have seen you. You are one of us.
The general, I may say, speaks quite
highly of you—although Tomas
thought you shouted too loud when you
came in night before last with the
news.”

  A look of relief passed over Lopez’s
face; this stranger knew of that visit,
and must therefore be trustworthy.

  “Pardon my hesitation. One must be
careful,” he murmured. “What did you
ask? About the sheriff? No. He rat-
tles around, like corn in the tortilla
stone before it is ground. There is none
of the band who will tell. Perhaps
some might wish to do so for money,

but if they did-” He showed his

teeth in a smile that was entirely pleas-
ant, and made a motion with his right
forefinger as though cutting his own
throat. “No,” he said. “They will
not tell.”

  “And you have your ten?”

 “Yes. Five of these are among
them.” He waved his hand to indicate
the other laborers in the field, who
were making only a pretense of work,
and staring at Jose’s aristocratic visitor.
“Here are six, but one has a negro
wife,' and negroes will often tell the
gringos what is afoot, so he has not
been included.”

  “And you know your share of the
work—when the time comes ?” Brax-
ton was groping blindly, but hopefully.

  “Oh, yes, senor. I and my ten are
to attend to the dynamite. The new
supply has, partly come in, and there
will be more to-morrow. Have no
fear!” He said it proudly. “We shall
have it at the bank just on time, one
hour after the telegraph message
comes.”

■ “And who takes it then?”

  “Who but Mendoza ? There has been
no change in that, has there?”

  “No. I only ask to make sure you
have not forgotten. And what shall
you and yours do then?”

  “When the bank blows up, we loot.”
His tongue licked his lips. “We loot
the money and leave the papers, and a
one-hundredth of what we get shall be
divided among the twenty-two—me and
my ten and Mendoza and his ten. And
the rest we shall take to the south when
we go away, after the town is,burning.”
Braxton did not dare to &sk who was
to set the fires. How could they hope
to accomplish so desperate a scheme in
a town as large as Mendon ? He fished
sharply for more information.

  “And the sheriff and his deputies ?:
Can there be any mistake about them?
There must be no hitch there!”

  “No, senor. Trustworthy men have
that in charge. When the bank goes up
—boom !—they and the city marshal
will come running from their houses,
and our men will kill them very care-
fully at once. Of course,” he said
.naively, “some of us must expect to be
killed also; these gringos are good
shots. But most of them will be too
busy. They will start to come in town
when the bank goes up, and then they
will turn back again as their own houses
begin to burn. Between these times,
our people will have much time to loot.
And the horses for the escape will all
be stolen, of course, during the hour
before, as has been planned.”

  Waite feared to go into the matter
too far, and feared as greatly that he
might miss some important admission.
“You are sure they cannot telephone
ahead to have you arrested in the towns
to the south?” he asked.

  “But how,” asked the Mexican,
“when all the wires have been cut, as
is provided ? And will not every other
town to the south be having its own
matters to attend to ?” He paused a
second, and a .look that might be either
70

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

suspicion or fear came into his eye. “I
do not understand, senor. You are one
of them—at San Sebastian Avenue.
How comes it that you must ask these
questions ?”

  “To make sure you know the an-
swers/’ was the quick and stem reply.
‘‘We take no chance of blunders being
made by thick-skulled hombres. And
so one more question : What provision
is made as regards the soldiers?”

  “Are they not far down on the bor-
der—and few ? And will not Pancho
Villa or the brave Luis de la Rosa come
across the Rio Grande and attend to
them? But the gringo soldiers will run
anyway, and the government will not
let them fight; it is afraid of Mexico.
Now, as to the Texas Rangers, that is
different. May the saints protect me
from meeting Texas Rangers !”

  “You did not get exactly what I
meant,” said Braxton. “I meant, not
the soldiers along the border, but those
back in San Antonio, at Fort Sam
Houston. Let me hear what you are
to do if they pursue you, so I may know
you have the lesson well learned.”

  “Souls of the saints, senor! Are you
making fun of me? How will the sol-
diers at San Antonio hear of what is
happening in south Texas, with all the
wires cut? And, if they did, what of
it? Will they not be busy enough in
San Antonio itself, with the banks
blowing up, the city afire in so many
places, and all the bridges dynamited?”
“Good Lord!” ejaculated Braxton,
under his breath. “It is well, Jose. I
shall report that you, for one, are
surely to be depended upon. So now
I shall go on. I have other captains
of ten to see, and other towns to visit.
Good day, Jose.”

  To Blossom he said, in English:
“We’ll be moving on.” And, when
they had passed beyond the hearing of
Lopez: “Go through the town easy,
so as not to attract attention, and when
you get out in the country, hit her up

for San Antonio as fast as you can
burn up the road. Damn the price of
tires and gasoline! The job will be
worth fifty dollars for the day if you
make it in three hours.

  “They’re mad! Absolutely mad!” he
muttered to himself, as Blossom, with-
out comment, gave indications that he
purposed to earn the extra money.
“But before the fools find out.that they
are fools, how many men they can kill,
and how many women- Say, Blos-
som !” he said aloud. “If you get there
in two hours and a half, I’ll make it
sixty!”

CHAPTER XVII.

AN INVALUABLE Ai^LY.

  Twilight had fallen, but it was not
yet entirely dark when they rocketed
over the brow of a hill and swept down
its farther slope toward the city’s lights.
Waite espied ahead, under the nearest
arc lamp, an isolated building, brightly
illuminated, which, from noting it in
the morning, he remembered as bear-
ing the sign: “Steve’s Last Chance
Saloon.”

  “Stop at the barroom,” he said to
Blossom. “I want to use the tele-
phone.”

  “All right,” agreed the chauffeur, be-
ginning to slow down. “But I got ten
minutes yet to make the center of town
in two hours and a half, and I can do
it. If you go to stoppin’ to telephone,
seems as if you ought to take out the
time it takes, or make some such al-
lowance, don’t it?”

 “You’ve earned the sixty. And
maybe, when I get through talking, I’ll
want you to stick on the job some time
longer—hours, perhaps. You can do
it, I suppose.”

  “Sure thing! I ain’t one of those
fellers that don’t appreciate getting a
good customer. Take your time,
mister!”

  The telephone in Steve’s Last Chance
was a wall instrument, with no provi-
A FOUCRFOLFD GAME

71

sion for privacy, but the plans Braxton
had laid with Payne for calling him in
time for emergency provided for such
a contingency. Therefore it was a per-
fectly innocent message that would
have been overheard if any one curi-
ously listened. When he and Payne,
who, fortunately, happened to be in his
hotel room, had finished a brief ex-
change of commonplace remarks, they
had in reality made an appointment for
a meeting an hour later, at a definite
place.

  “You can take it easy from now into
town,” said Braxton, as he climbed
back into the seat beside Blossom.
“We’ve got to be out near Hot Wells
an hour from now. In the meantime,
if you know some short-order place be-
tween here and there, well stop off and
get a bite to eat. There’s a chance I’ll
want to use you pretty late.”

  An hour later a Hot Wells trolley
car stopped at a dark corner two miles
from town, and Leroy Payne alighted.
As the car went on, he waited to let
his eyes get used to the darkness, and
then walked confidently toward an auto-
mobile that stood beside the road, a
hundred feet away.

  “Here we are!” called Braxton, in
Spanish, as he approached. “Get in.
We’ll ride slowly and talk as we go.
Speak Spanish entirely; the chauffeur
doesn’t understand it.”

  He instructed Blossom to drive
leisurely—anywhere—and the livery-
man picked out the direction that would
be least hard on the tires, and kicked in
his clutch. Sitting with Payne in the
tonneau, Braxton went over, as rapidly
as was consistent with clarity, the star-
tling results of his day’s fishing expedi-
tion.

  “And there it is! Ab-so-lutely
crazy, and yet undoubtedly true! And
as near as I can make out, they plan
to pull the thing off within a few days.
Ws’ve got to stop it!”

  “It sounds too insane to be possible,”

exclaimed Payne. “If I didn’t know
you, I’d be tempted to turn back to
the large and ornate group of buildings
on the left, which we passed about five
minutes ago, and which is the South-
western Asylum, and have you exam-
ined. As it is- Whew! It’s some

contract to head off a scheme in two or
three days that has eleven thousand
men in it, and includes the wrecking
of all the towns in south Texas.”

  “I’ve been turning it over in my mind
ever since we left Mendon. We’ve got
to get the men at the top—the men that
are going to send out the telegraph sig-
nal. If the signal doesn’t go out, the
uprising falls flat.”

  “That means we must gather in Sau-
ceda and all his first lieutenants. And
we’ve got to get that list of recruits you
saw at Sauceda’s house—those captains
of ten. We won’t be safe until the
sheriff of every south Texas county is
rounding them up and putting them
where they can’t set off their powder
mines.”

  “But first we have to learn exactly
what the plot is. What, for instance,
are they planning to start here in San
Antonio? ‘When the banks begin to
blow up, and the city is afire in so many
places, and the bridges are dynamited,’
Lopez said. An uprising like that, in a
city of a hundred and twenty-five thou-
sand people, with efficient police and
sheriff’s department, would last about
two hours, I figure, but think what
harm could be done in one hour—or a
half hour, for that matter!”

  “We’ve got to get hold of one of the
ringleaders and third-degree a con-
fession out of him. Can we do it?”

  “I don’t believe there’s a man in the
crowd but would face it out'. We could
threaten him, but he wouldn’t believe
it. These Mexicans don’t believe any
Yankee means what he promises, any-
way.”

  “It’s a pity we aren’t working with
some Texas Rangers. A greaser is
72

THE tPO‘PULA(R MAGAZINE

more afraid of those sixty or seventy
Rangers down on the border than he
is of the whole United States army.”

  “By Jove! I’ve got it!” cried Brax-
ton. And in English he spoke to the
chauffeur. “Turn around and drive
like blazes for the Edgewood Hotel!”

  “Now what form has your mania
taken?” demanded Payne.

  “What a chump I was not to think of
it! Captain Bob Dalton, of the Rangers
—do you know him ?”

  “I’ve never seen him, but, of course,
I’ve heard of him. Some man, they
say.”

  “He’s at the Edgewood, or at least he
was there at breakfast time this morn-
ing. If we Can get him—and I’ve
thought of the other end of the com-
bination, too; the man that is ' to be
made to squeal. Azcona !”

  “I don’t know but you’re right.”

  “I feel sure of it. He’s not so young •
as he used to be, and he’s a fop; I don’t
believe but what he’s a physical coward.
And he’s away inside on this thing.
Knows every detail of it. Yes, sir!
He’s the man!”

  “It’s worth trying, at any rate. But
first find your Captain Bob.”

  They drew up before the Edgewood,
a quiet hotel with a family patronage,
some little distance from the center of
town. “Wait for us,” Braxton com-
manded the chauffeur. “Come on, Le-
roy. If he’s in the hotel let’s not lose
a minute.”

  Captain Dalton, to their great relief,
was in the hotel and had gone to his
room, a Ranger’s life outside the cities
having a tendency to give him the early-
to-bed-and-early-to-rise habit. Waite
wrote two or three lines on a card,
signed his real name and his alias to it,
and sent it up. Word came promptly
back that Captain Dalton would like to
see Mr. Correon and his friend in his
room.

  Dalton had not gone to bed, and was
waiting to greet them in the door,

dressed except for his coat. When the
boy who showed them up had vanished
around the corner of the hall, he closed
the door, shook hands with them, and
motioned them to seats.

  “I’m certainly right glad to see you
again,” he said to Braxton. “Let me
see. It must be more’n three years
since we went to see the Third, that
night, down in Mawnin’ Star Lodge.”
“Payne happens to be one, too,” said
Waite, “but we haven’t got any time to
talk about lodges, much as I like to most
always. See here, captain! I’ve al-
ways been told a Texas Ranger can be
absolutely depended upon not to tell
anything he runs onto in the course of
his work—anything that is nobody
else’s business, I mean.”

  “He gets so into the habit some-
times,” drawled Dalton, “that he don’t
talk about even the things it wouldn’t
do any harm to spill. If you mean can
I keep a secret—I can.”

  “There aren’t a dozen men in the
United States know this one,” said
Braxton earnestly. “I am an agent of
the United States, secret service. So is
Mr. Payne ; he has been located in Mex-
ico City a number of years. It is as
important his identity should not be
known as my own.”

  Dalton’s eyes went from face to face.
“Of course that explains, now, why
you-all beat it out of the diriin’ room
without sayin’ 'Howdy,’ this mawnin’,”
he remarked.

  “I didn’t think you saw me.”

  “I ’lowed you didn’t want me to
when you hitched your chair around.
But I’m right glad to get the explana-
tion. When I asked the girl, and found
out you was travelin’ under a greaser
name, I didn’t know what to think
about it. I gather this call is on some
matter of business. What can I do for
you ?”

  “One of the most important things a
Ranger captain ever had a chance to do
for the people of Texas.”
y? FOU^RFOL© GAME

73

  “That’s quite a statement. All right.
I’m goin’ to try to do it. Shoot!”

  Braxton put the captain in possession
of the story. Dalton listened intently,
without interrupting. His' face hard-
ened perceptibly when the tale reached
the point where Lopez outlined the
Mendon program.

  “Another fPlan of San Diego/ ” he
commented, as Waite paused.

  “I heard something about that, but
there wasn’t much about it in the
Northern papers,” said Braxton. “It
was nearly a year ago, wasn’t it?”
“Started in July, last year. The
scheme was to organize an uprising
among the Texas Mexicans, seize
ranches and little towns along the bor-
der and a hundred miles north of it,
bring across an army of bandits under
a yellow-toothed hound named Perez,
and annex the south half of Texas, Ari-
zona, New Mexico, and California to
Mexico. That’s all! A Villa scheme.
This sounds like another. Since that
bad hombregot petted and'told he was
a human bein’ by a few trusting white
men, he’s thought he was another Na-
poleon.”

  “Were you on the border during the
'Plan of San Diego?’”

  “I was, and a nasty mess they made
for us for a while. One of my men
got Perez in a fight one night. That
put a stop to it in my section—that and
various other things that happened to
the Mexicans that were mixed up in it.”
Braxton resumed, and repeated what
Lopez had said about the plan to ter-
rorize even San Antonio itself. Dalton
smiled grimly.

  “What a proud chance they’d have
to get away with that!” he exclaimed.
“We’ve been lookin’ for ’em to think up
something of the sort for a year—and
fixin’ to take care of it. There’s
enough guns and ammunition over in
the courthouse right this minute—and
men sleepin’ handy—to put down a riot
within half an hour after it got started.

Only after that it would be a hell of a
bad time in Santone for five or ten
thousand Mexicans!”

  His face set harshly. “If it wasn’t
for the twenty or thirty or fifty folks
the greasers would kill before they be-
gan to pay the reckonin’, I’d almost feel
like lettin’ ’em start it. It would be a
lesson that would do every hombre in
south Texas good. I don’t know but
I’d feel like lettin5 ’em start it even
though they did kill a few good men—
if it wasn’t for the women. How-
ever- Of course, we ain’t going to.

And we’ve got to bust this scheme so
far as the little towns to the south of
us go. Some of those towns have ten
Mexicans to one white man. All right!
What do you want me to do?”

  Braxton and Payne outlined to him
their idea as to the possible vulnerabil-
ity of Azcona, if the right kind of
pressure were applied. Captain Dalton
agreed their idea was a good one.

  “You fellows want to be present
-when I dig down into his soul?” he
asked.

  “I do,” said Waite. “It would prob-
ably be just as well if Payne weren’t.
They don’t know him at all. And I
don’t want to appear as anybody but
Braxton* of Universal Oil. Azcona
knows me that way. I was, thinking
perhaps you could arrest me, too.”
“That ain’t such a bad idea. See
here! You go find Azcona. Start some-
where with him—anywhere away from
the refugee bunch. I’ll hunt up one of
my boys—there are two of ’em around
town somewhere, and I ought to be able
to find one in less than an hour—and
take you both in. Where will you be
with him?”

  “He’s usually out to Sauceda’s house
at this hour. Suppose I find him there
and get him to walle across toward the
Madison Club. I’ll ask him to have
lunch with me. You could be on Ryder
Street, along there by the bridge.”
“Good business! And you?” The
74

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

captain, all energy and resourcefulness,
turned to Payne. “What was you plan-
nin’ to do?”

  “I thought I’d be gathering my men
—I’ve got three in the city—and put
them to watching the San Sebastian
joint. And getting ready to make the
pinch of the crowd when we get to it.
I can’t personally make the raid, you
know; it would give me away, and
make me useless in the future.”

, “You can count me and my boys in
on that, too, of course. I suppose it
will be too late when we get through
with Azcona to start anything out there
to-night ?”

  “We’d better wait until to-morrow,”
put in Braxton. “It is my idea to catch
all the lieutenants together, and all
those that are in town usually show up
at Sauceda’s between eight and ten.”

  Captain Dalton stood up and began
strapping on a belt that lay on his
bureau; a belt containing many vicious-
looking .45-caliber cartridges and two
holsters, one hanging low on the right,
anti the other high on the left. Two
long revolvers lay on the' bureau be-
side it; he thrust them into the holsters
and reached for his coat.

  “Get your greaser and come down by
the back of the Madison Chib,” he said
sharply. “And put up your hands quick
when I mention it, along by the river.
We won’t hurt you, of course, but when
I make a bluff, I like to make a good
one. Temporarily you’ll be a prisoner,
and I’ll treat you as such. Maybe the
play will lay so you can help me prod
this Azcona’s memory better in that
capacity than in any other.”

  He looked around the room, adjusted
the hang of his belt, and hitched the
right-hand holster a little farther for-
ward.

  “Well,” he pronounced. “I reckon
we’re all set. Let’s go!”

  Esther Lynde and Henry Cook had*
dined at the Madison Club that night,

and taken a cool ride afterward in
Cook’s fast car, accompanied by Mrs.
Carson. Mr. Carson was awaiting them
on their arrival at the St. Francis, a
little before ten, and the four sat for a
few minutes on the long outdoor log-
gia of the hotel. Then the Carsons
went to their room, and Esther and the
popular land agent remained on the
veranda.

  They talked a long time, in voices
that did not carry to other ears. Finally
they sat alone. The girl, looking at her
watch, and exclaiming at the lateness
of the hour, rose to enter the hotel.

  “So,” she said—she was speaking in
German—“it will be quite soon.”

  “Within less than a week. And then
—our good Washington friends will
have something else to do with their
ammunition besides sending it to Eu-
rope.”

  “I wonder if they really will inter-
vene?” she said, half to herself.

  “Can even Washington do anything
else?”

  In her room, Miss Lynde opened a
trunk and took out all the trays. She
pressed a spring, and a section of the
bottom of the trunk opened, disclosing
a small volume printed on sheet? of the
thinnest India paper.

  For an hour, then,'she sat at the writ-
ing desk, laboriously transcribing a
message by the aid of the book. When
it was finished, it contained a seemingly
meaningless jumble of words.

  She wrote at the top a name and ad-
dress in Washington, on a street oc-
cupied entirely by private residences.
Then she looked in her purse to be cer-
tain she had enough money with which
to prepay the message, shook her head
as she consulted her watch and realized
Mr. Carson was long since in the land
of dreams—and telephoned for a taxi-
cab. When it came, she ordered the
driver to take her to a telegraph office.
It was but four blocks distant, but the
hour was after one.
A FOURFOLD GAME

75

CHAPTER XVIII.

AZCONA SHOWS' HIS TEETH.

  The chauffeur threw on the self-
starter as Braxton and his two com-
panions came out of the Edgewood.
Waite climbed in beside him, and the
others entered the tonneau.

  “Mr. Blossom,” said Braxton, “this
is Captain Dalton, of the Rangers.”

  The automobile man turned to shake
hands cordially. “By golly! I’m sure
glad to make your acquaintance, cap’n,”
he said. “I've be’n hearin’ of you off
and on ever since I come to Texas.”
“You can drive up to San Sebastian
Avenue,” said Braxton, “and let me off
somewhere along the 500 block. I’ll
walk from there,” he added, to the
others. “Then I want you to take Cap-
tain Dalton wherever he wants to go;
you’re under his orders until further
notice. By and by, perhaps, there will
be a little excitement of one sort or
another. Perhaps you’ll see me getting

arrested. That will-”

  “Say, mister, I ain’t going to get in
any trouble—any fightin’ or anything
of that sort, am I ? I’m a pretty peace-
able feller, you know, and I-”

  “No. It will be Captain Dalton that
will be arresting me. I don’t expect to
put up any fight.”

  “Cap'11 Dalton? Oh, I see. I swear,
but this is gettin’ to be an excitin’ town
to live in! When I first come down
here, I thought it was goin’ to be wild
and woolly, and it wa’n’t, and now I’ve
got used to its bein’ quiet and peaceable
and-”

  “Sure! That’s the way life is—one
surprising thing after another. And
you’re getting paid, among other things,
to forget what happens, you .remember.
You’re under Captain Dalton’s orders,
after you leave me. Do just what he
says. Don’t ask me for any instruc-
tions, or even act as if you had ever
seen me.”

  “I getcher! I guess it’s all right, or

there wouldn’t be a Ranger in it, would

there? I’ve heard that-”

  “And now we’ll start for San Se-
bastian Avenue—pronto!”

  The task at the Sauceda house was
absurdly easy. Azcona was there, with
one or two others, and Braxton said he
had nothing in particular on his mind
except to ask what progress was being
made in the recruiting. Sauceda gave
him the information, and they sat and
smoked, talking of various unimportant
things, until the hour was nearly up.
Then Waite proposed to Azcona that
they walk to the Madison Club, a dis-
tance of not mcrfe than a half mile, and
Azcona accepted cheerfully. So they
came sauntering through Ryder Street,
two blocks back of the Madison Club,
toward where an automobile stood in
the shadow.

  As they came under the illumination
of a street light a block away, two men
who had been standing near the auto-
mobile started walking to meet them.
The pair separated as they neared
Braxton and the Mexican, so that it
was necessary to go between them or
step out into the middle of the street.

  Then, as the two pairs came close to
each other, Azcona found himself sud-
denly seized in an iron grip, a pistol
waved menacingly from him to Brax-
ton, and a curt voice, not loud, but em-
phatic, commanded:

  “Put up your hands! Both of you!
Quick ! And nof a sound! You’re un-
der arrest!”

  Braxton threw his hands above his
head instantly. The man who'held the
revolver, and who was on his side,
looked in the darkness to be steady and
competent, and as the long barrel of
the Colt waved from him to Azcona,
Waite recalled that a Texas gunman
always has his finger pressed on the
trigger as he draws his pistol, and holds
it from being discharged only by the
pressure of his thumb on the hammer.
76

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

He hoped this young Ranger had a
strong thumb.	x

  Captain Dalton had seized Azcona’s
right wrist at the moment he gave the
order, and, a fraction of a second later,
he had twisted the man around,
searched him, and taken an automatic
pistol from under his arm and a nasty-
rlooking knife from the back of his neck.
The struggle prevented the Mexican
from calling out, but as he realized he
was disarmed he found his voice.

  “Who are you ?” he demanded, “This
is some mistake. I have done nothing.”
“Ranger service!” replied Dalton
briefly. “And no mist^Ke. You are
Andres Azcona and this other hombre
is Salvador Correon, alias Braxton.
Get in!”

  He pushed Azcona toward the auto.
“You first, Carl!” he ordered the young
Ranger. “We'll let Mr. Azcona sit be-
tween us. You”—to Braxton—“get
into the front seat beside the driver,
and remember there’s a pistol pointing
at you from in back, and if you start
to make any get-away it’ll go off. And
I usually hit what I aim at,”

   A second later Blossom, evidently in
pursuance of instructions previously re-
ceived, started the car and went spin-
ning northward.

  “Look here, Ranger!” exclaimed Az-
cona, after a moment. “You’re not
heading toward the police station.”

   “I reckon you’re right,” replied the
captain.

  “Where are we going?”

   “Taking a little ride.”

   “But—I’ve got rights, under the law.
I demand to be taken at once to the
police station and allowed to offer bail.
I demand to see your warrant. Those
are my legal rights.”

  “Maybe,” said the captain. “Maybe.
But we ain’t going to the police station
quite yet. We ain’t going to give, any
Mexicans hanging around city hall a
chance to run and tell your pals you’re

pinched. And as regards the warrant
—“-all in due time.”

  “But I demand-” His voice rose.

“Oh!”

  “I’ll twist it harder the next time you
start telling me what you demand. And
if you don’t lower your voice, I’ll gag
you!”

  The car, its occupants now all silent,
spun out through the suburbs and into
the North Loop Road. Two or three
miles along that highway they rolled,
and then, on the top of a rise, came to
a prosperous farm of two or three hun-
dred acres, with well-kept grounds in
front of a handsome, rambling house.
The car turned in through ornamental
gateways.

  “The Ridge Hill Farm,” said Captain
Dalton to nobody in particular for
Braxton’s benefit, “belongs to my
brother. His wife happens to be away,
so he didn't mind if we made his garage
our headquarters for the evening. Nice
little farm he’s got. Nearest house is
more than half a mile away.”

  Azcona, straining his brain for the
best method of handling the situation,
essayed a weak jest. “Fine place for
a murder!” he remarked cuttingly.

  “You’ve said something!” replied
Dalton, in so cold a voice that the Mex-
ican shuddered.

  A lamp was lighted in the house, and
a man a few years older than the cap-
tain—somewhere in the late forties—■
came out on the gallery.

  “That you, Bob ?” he called. “Got
’em ?”

  “Yep. Is the garage all ready?
They’re a pair of bad hombres.”

  Their host led the way to a good-
sized frame building, and lighted a
large hanging lamp. He stood back
then and surveyed the prisoners, who
were being led in. He was coatless, and
had provided against contingencies by
strapping on his own holstered .45.

The garage had been built to accom-
modate three automobiles, and but one
A FOU<RFOL<D GAME

77

car was in it, so there was plenty of
room. Dalton placed two chairs several
feet apart. ‘‘You sit there!” he ordered
Braxton roughly. "You there!” to Az-
cona. “Now I’ll talk to you first.”

  Ranger Carl took up a position be-
hind Azcona’s chair. Dalton removed
his coat, and stood before the Mexi-
can.

  “We won’t waste any time in pre-
liminaries,” the captain said. “You’re
going to tell me about this scheme you
hombres are trying to put over. Come
on!”

  Azcona was silent.

 “Come on!” growled the Ranger
more insistently.

  “I demand to see your warrant, and
to be taken to the police station, and
to have an attorney. And I demand

  Smack! Dalton slapped Azcona’s
face. Not a very hard slap; not a blow
that could possibly injure him; a slap
that swung from the elbow only and
contained none of the strength that
the captain’s rippling shoulder muscles
could have given it.

 “Come on! And come clean! Ly-
ing won’t do!”

  Azcona, at the blow, tried to leap to
his feet, but Ranger Carl, behind him,
pushed him down by the shoulders.
The Mexican looked from left to right,
at Braxton, and at the hostile faces of
the two Daltons. He wet his lips,
“This is cowardly!” he cried. “Three
to two, and all of you armed! I have

always heard the Rangers-”

  Dalton threw his right hand out from
his side. “I’m going to hit you again!”
he warned.

  “I give you my word it is an inno-
cent thing,” Azcona hastened to say.
“Merely some refugees forming a club
to—

 Smack! The blow was no harder
than before. “This ain’t no torture
chamber, like you greasers would be
using if conditions were reversed,” said

the captain. “But you’re going to tell
me the truth. When you don’t, I’m
going to slap your face. It don’t hurt
much now; just makes you mad. But
it’ll hurt like the devil along about an
hour from now—unless you get sense
and tell things straight. Now ! What’s
your game?”

  “I—I’ve got to tell!” exclaimed the
Mexican to Braxton. “Well—I sup-
pose it comes under the head of con-
spiring against a friendly power, al-
though my lawyers will argue that. The
fact is we are making plans to help the

Cientifico-”

  Smack!

  “Curse you, I’m telling the truth!”
  Smack!

  “My hand will last as long as your
tongue will,” said the captain. “Listen
here, hombre! There’s just one way
to stop me standing here and slapping
your face, and that’s to come through.”
“Well—we are gathering together
men in a few of the southern counties
to”—he looked from side to side, like
one who is hunted and seeks a way of
escape—“to—to get ammunition—and
dynamite—to send across the border

  Again Dalton’s hand struck. The
Mexican’s eyes glistened venomously.
“You see, I know when you’re lying,”
remarked the captain. “But I think
you’re going to lose the habit shortly.”

  “I’d rather be killed fighting!”
snarled Azcona in Spanish, and made a
leap forward in a mad attempt to reach
one of Dalton’s guns. But the strong
hands of Ranger Carl caught him from
behind and forced him back into his
chair, and as he writhed and struggled
there the captain slowly, methodically,
and without the slightest passion,
slapped his face four times.

  “You see, you ain’t going to get any
chance to die—either fightin’ or other-
wise,” Dalton said. “You’re just go-
ing to sit right there and get your face
slapped—over and over and over and
78

THE <PO<PULAcR MAGAZINE

over—until you come clean with the
whole scheme.”

  It was rather sickening, like abusing
a child. Waite had never seen anything
just like it; he hoped he would not
again. Yet he realized the Mexican
was not being seriously hurt—would
not be. And before his mind came a
picture of the men and women and
children that would suffer when the sig-
nal flashed over the wires across south
Texas, and he no longer hated the pro-
cedure. The end justified the means.

  For perhaps ten minutes this went
on. Azcona snarled and fought. Then
he wept and begged. And finally his
spirit broke, and he told the story from
beginning to end. Not all at once;
many times, before he had finished, the
Ranger’s hand swung against his cheek,
but after a while even a threat of it
sufficed.

  It was, indeed, a mad plot that he
disclosed; mad, that is to say, as re-
gards what it proposed to accomplish,
which was the seizure of south Texas,
but not entirely mad from the stand-
point of the men behind the scheme,
who did not expect it to actually suc-
ceed in that respect, but did believe the
uprising would force intervention and
thus serve their personal fortunes.

  It was a Villa plan. At least Azcona
believed it was, on the authority of
Sauceda. Villa had everything to gain
by it and nothing to lose. If indeed
it succeeded—if the insurgent Mexi-
cans could seize and hold even for a
few days some fairly important Texas
towns—then Villa would be a national
hero in his own country. If it failed
utterly, yet towns were burned, banks
looted, and men and women killed on
such a wholesale scale, as had been
planned, presumably the United States
would enter Mexico—and again Villa
believed he would be the gainer as the
one about whom his fellow countrymen
would rally.	\

  The plot involved no less than twenty

cities and towns, and in each the pro-
gram was similar to that which Lopez
had outlined at Mendon. At a signal
there were to be fires, killings, and loot-
ing. Along the border an attempt
would be made to hold the towns per-
manently ; farther north the plan was
to escape to the south with the stolen
property.

  But it was in the south Texas me-
tropolis itself that the scheme had been
most carefully worked out. In no other
way could the Villistas so well gain
their ends as to have it go forth to the
world that they had struck terror, if
only for an hour, into the hearts of
the city gringos in San Antonio.

  And this was the scheme. At two
o’clock in the morning three or four
serious fires would be set in widely sep-
arated parts of the city. The firemen
and certain of the police would thus be
occupied. Ten minutes later at least
one bank—perhaps two—would be par-
tially wrecked by dynamite, although in
San Antonio the plotters had little ex-
pectation of actually getting at the con-
tents of the vaults. Coincident with
this, the electric-light station would be
put out of business, telephone wires in-
side the city and all telegraph wires
leading out would be cut, and an at-
tempt would be made to seize the Fed-
eral arsenal. There are nearly thirty
bridges across the winding San Antonio
River; these were all to be destroyed
by dynamite simultaneously, to hamper
police, firemen, and troops from the
army post.

  Before jnorning the raiders would all
escape and set out for the south; at
least so the subordinates were being
told. Azcona confessed that he and
Sauceda’s other lieutenants did not ex-
pect many San Antonio raiders would
escape alive from the city, but the fact
that those who took part would be
killed before morning would not alter
the incalculable damage they would
have done and the prestige they would
A FOU<RFOL<D GAME

79

have gained for Pancho Villa before
the Americans got the upper hand. He
admitted also that neither Sauceda nor
any of the higher men at the junta ex-
pected to participate in the uprising;
they were all planning to leave the city
just before it started.

  They had gathered their funds in
various places. A very little had come
from Mexican sources. Much had been
contributed by the New York syndicate.
A smaller amount had been given by
“certain business interests”—Azcona
sobbingly insisted he didn’t know their
identity until Dalton finally believed him
—who were represented in San Antonio
by Mr. Henry Cook.

  And the signal for the uprising, un-
less something should happen in the
meantime to make postponement ad-
visable, was to be given three nights
later. The form of the telegrams that
were to be sent varied; copies of
the innocent-appearing messages that
should mean fire and explosion and
death were "'in Sauceda’s safe.

  The story was at last told, and Az-
cona sat shrunken in his chair, a dishev-
eled, trembling, whimpering wreck.

  “Now, sir!” Captain Dalton turned
to Braxton. “We’ll hear from you.
You’re with the gang of financiers
that’s putting up for this pretty little
orgy of murder, as I understand it.”

  “Captain,” said Waite earnestly, “I
give you my word of honor I didn’t
know it. I ask you to believe that I
am a good American; I couldn’t be a
party to a plot like this. They told me
it was a plan to back the Cientificos
in Mexico. I have every reason to feel
sure they told my principals that, too.
It was this man who came to New York.*
He saw the financial interests.”

  “Yes,” said Azcona, “I saw them.
Old Jeremiah Stedman, with his smug
face and his talk .about the vested rights
of capital. Of course I told him the
Cientifico story; nobody would expect

me to tell the truth about it. And of
course he knew I was lying. If he
didn’t, he was a fool. He knew I was
lying, and I knew he knew I was lying.
He wants his rotten money to be pro-
tected in Mexico, and he’s willing to
shut his eyes to how it’s done. If this
thing had gone through and brought
about intervention, he’d have been sat-
isfied enough, never mind how many
men got killed in Texas. He’d have
lifted his eyes in pious horror when
he heard about it, but he’d have been
satisfied just the same—until he found
out intervention in Mexico didn’t mean
conquering Mexico.”

  Braxton ignored Azcona, playing his
own part. “Captain,” he said, “I may
have violated the Federal law in get-
ting' mixed into this, but I ask you to
believe me, as man to man, when I
say I had no part in this plot. I’m
no associate of murderers!”

  “You!” Azcona fairly screamed. His
veneer of courtesy was worn down to
the truth beneath. His eyes were bright
with concentrated bitterness. His lips
were- drawn back, so that his teeth
showed even at the corners of his
mouth. Cowed, beaten, overwhelmed,
facing a prison term, and after it a
knife thrust in the dark, should his con-
federates learn who had betrayed them,
he flamed with the hatred of race for
race. “You are no associate of mur-
derers! No! And you are not fit to
associate w ith men, either!”

  His words fell over one another,
mingled with sobs. The man’s nerve
was broken, and he let himself go
wildly, saying with his lips exactly what
he felt in his heart.

  “We have called you Yankees chil-
dren of dogs—we Mexicans—and
pushed you off our sidewalks and spit
in your faces, and you would not fight!
We have flooded your mines and
wrecked _ your machinery and confis-
cated your lands, and you would not
fight! We have tortured your men and
80

i THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

stolen your women and killed your chil-
dren, and you would not fight! We
have crossed your borders and raided
your towns and burned yoHr houses
and shot your people in your own
streets—and you would not fight! If
we were to blow up half Texas, you
would watch and wait to see if we really
meant it. You’re a pack of white-liv-
ered cowards, and every man in the
world with red blood despises you—
and ought to! By all the saints, I hope
when they get time after the Great
War, some nation of real men—I don’t
care which—comes and wipes your hyp-
ocritical, money-grubbing race off the
face of the earth. You to act con-
temptuous, of me! Pah!” He spat on
the floor at his feet.

  “That’ll be about all for now,” re-
marked Captain Dalton decisively. “I
can’t exactly say your sentiments are
news to me, but at the same time I
don’t admire to hear ’em—so I won’t
any more.”

  He turned to his brother. “Willing
to take your automobile out and do a
little piece of wGrk for the State that’ll
keep you up all night?” he asked.

  “Shore thing.”

  “Take Ranger Carl and this frothin’
hombre up to Austin. Have him locked
up,” he said to Carl, “and kept incom-
unicado until I send word to the con-
trary. And then come right back. I’ll
take care of this other prisoner myself.”

CHAPTER XIX.

FACE TO FACE.

  “Into town!” ordered Braxton, as
Blossom looked to him and the captain
for instructions after Azcona had de-
parted, handcuffed, in Carl’s charge.
“It’s nearly one o’clock,” he said to
Dalton, as they got under way. “Is
there anything more we can do to-
night, or had we better get to bed and
start early to-morrow?”

  “We could get at the sheriff and chief

of police, but I don’t see that it won’t
keep just as well until mawnin’. They’ll
be busy enough the next two or three
days; no need of breakin’ their rest.
You’re in charge, of course. Just how
are you fixin’ to bring about the
round-up ?”

  “We want to get all the gang we
can, when we make the raid, but it is
even more important, it seems to me,
that wre get that list of names and those
telegraph forms. I’m afraid, even after
we make the arrests, somebody that
we miss might send some of those mes-
sages. If Sauceda had planned to use
the same form for all the towns, it
would be a simple matter to warn the
telegraph companies and stop them, but
with a different form for each local
leader, all reading innocently enough,
it would be impossible. The telegraph
companies can’t hold up every message
filed with them that happens to be ad-
dressed to a Mexican name in nearly
thirty cities.”

  “Your idea, then, is-

  “Some plan whereby Sauceda will
get no chance to destroy those papers
after the raid begins. It wouldn’t take
a minute, you know. And I don’t see
any better way than for me to be in
the house there—with him—when the
arrests are made. If necessary, I can
prevent him from burning them or tear-
ing them up. I hope I won't have to
do anything that will identify me, but
if I have to, why I have to. I don’t
think it is advisable for me to see the
sheriff or the police, either; Payne’s
man—the one that will be in charge of
the raid—will take care of that, and
I’d be mighty well pleased if you would
|*o with him. If I can get through the
row without being known, Payne’s man
will arrest me with the others, just as
you did to-night.”

 “That reminds me. When Payne
left me this evening, after you had
gone to get Azcona, he asked me to tell
you he would file a telegram to your
A FOU<RFOL<D GAME

81

chief right away, telling him what was
going on.”

  “Good! Now, as to to-morrow. We
shall want your help, of course, and
the help of the sheriff and the police,
too. It will have to be a quick raid—a
good-sized crowd of officers swarming
in from every direction and jumping
the gang. Not enough to fall over each
other, of course, but enough to make a
fight useless. The more men we have,
within reason, the less chance of some-
body getting hurt.”

  “I wouldn’t hesitate, if it was neces-
sary, to take in that whole crowd with
two other Rangers.”

  “And you could do it undoubtedly.
But you might have to kill somebody.”
“I should expect to,” replied the cap-
tain darkly. “That’s why Mexicans
have got respect for the Rangers.
We’re watchful, but we don’t do much
waitin’. However, you’re the boss.”
“Payne will have three men. You
and your men make six. My idea is to
ask the sheriff and chief of police for
four each. That will give us more than
a dozen men to arrest probably not more
than seven or eight—ten, say, if we’re
in big luck.”

  “Plenty. And, if you don’t mind, I
think I’ll order two or three of my men
that are near enough to get there *into
some of these towns where they’ve got
the most hombres on their lists—Men-
don, for instance, and a couple of
others. I’ll send one man to each place,
and he’ll be there in time to help the
sheriff make the round-up when you
telegraph ’em the names. There’ll need
to be a little pressure applied in each
town, too, to these captains of ten, to
find out who the ten are. Lawdy!
There’s goin’ to be so many greasers
in some of these here little jails within
the next three or four days that their
arms and laigs will be stickin’ out of
the windows.”

  “Friend,” said Waite to the chauf-
feur, who had been driving with eyes
6B p

dead ahead, but his ears fairly wriggling
with what he was overhearing. “Both
Captain Dalton and I like that pretty
little badge you wear in your coat.
Where did you get it?”

  “Master Hiram, No. 222, State o’
Maine,” replied Blossom promptly.

  “We like the way you listen and
don’t talk. Can we depend on you to
help us out a little to-morrow night—
that is to say, to-night? It’s morning
now.”

  “Yes, sir, you can,” declared Blos-
som. “Surest thing you know! Of
course you understand I ain’t no fightin’
character. I don’t want to get into
no trouble, be in any shootin’ scrapes
or anything. I always be’n a man of
peace, as you might say. But anything
I can do to help you gentlemen out—
and I gather from what you say I’m
helpin’ the government out, too—I’m
with you. And I won’t overcharge you
none for the automobile, either.”

  “Fine! Well, I want you and the car
about half past eight o’clock, at the
Edgewood. You’ll take me ?Fut near
a place on San Sebastian Avenue and
wait on a side street, just around the
corner, until the captain or I tells you
to do something else.” To Dalton he
added: “We’ll use the car for pris-
oners, perhaps, and we may seize a let
of stuff well want to take in a hurry
to the Federal Building.”

  The chauffeur nodded. “I’ll be there,

Mr.- Oh, excuse me !”

  “Braxton,” said Waite. “Of New
York. And I’m also known more or
less around here as Correon:”

  “I getcher! I ain’t exactly sure just
what kind of a deteckative you are,
but you’re a Yankee, and you’re after
a bunch of Mexicans. Say, gentlemen!
I’ve be’n around quite a lot, and I
figure on tryin’ to be liberal and broad-
minded, but I don’t like ’em. I hate
to say it, but rich or poor, whtte or
black, I can’t ge£ used to thinkin’ of
’em as folks. Well, I’m mum! Silent
82

THE CP0CPUL/1<R MAGAZINE

as the grave, as the feller says. You
can bank on me, Mr. Braxton. And
it’s be’n a pleasure to meet you.”

  They were running, now, into the
business section of the city, on the far-
ther side of which lay the Edgewood.
“I suppose we might as well go to the
hotel, then, and get to bed; there doesn’t
seem to be anything else to plan to-
night,” said Waite.

  “I’d like to stop first at the tele-
graph office, to send those wires to my
men telling ’em to hustle for those
towns where theyll be handy when we
need ’em.”

  Commerce Street was directly on
their way, and Blossom turned into it.
The wide thoroughfare lay practically
deserted before them, under the elec-
tric lights. Its stores and office build-
ings were dark, save where two tele-
graph offices, side by side, sent out bril-
liant splotches of light across the
sidewalk. In the distance a policeman
stood chatting with a night watchman
who had come out of a high building
and was sitting on the curb. Near at
hand, in front of the telegraph office
which Dalton sought, stood a taxicab.
Blossom drew up behind it, and Cap-
tain Dalton alighted and went ahead
and in through the doorway.

  Nervous from the events of the night,
Waite said something to Blossom about
getting out to stretch his muscles, and
climbed to the sidewalk to walk back
and forth. As he came abreast of the
taxi he saw, through the telegraph-
office wrindow, the Ranger captain, busy
with pen and blanks. He stood idly
looking in, his face full in the glare
of the light that streamed from the
interior.

  Then he was conscious that a woman
had turned from the desk and was com-
ing out through the door, and that it
was Esther Lynde. In a twinkling they
were face to face, not six feet apart. ,

  If he had wanted to turn and run
away, he could not have done so. He

realized he stood almost literally in the
limelight. It would be absurd that she
had not recognized himhe must make
the best of it and act as naturally as
he could. In the fraction of a second
given him in which to make up his
mind, he had no time to wonder what
the girl was doing at that hour of the
morning in a telegraph office.

  He forced a look of pleased grati-
fication to come over his face, and took
a step toward her, raising his hat and
extending his hand.

  “Why, Miss Lynde!” he exclaimed.
“This is indeed a surprise and a pleas-
ure !”

  The girl, at sight of him, had paused
almost imperceptibly, then come on.
There was no responsive smile on her
face.

  “How do you do?” she said. Her
face, he thought, was a little white, and
her eyes—they looked very dark in this
light—were strained. She looked into
his eyes, then down at his still extended
hand, then back into his eyes again.
And she did not take his hand, nor did
she speak further.

  He realized suddenly that he was
blocking her way, and he stepped back,
lamely fumbling in his mind for the
right thing to do and feeling very young
and somehow in the wrong. Then, as
something seemed necessary to be said
and she remained silent:

 “This is- I don’t understand.

Excuse me if I have offended in any
way, but I-”

  He hesitated, feeling he was not say-
ing the right thing, but entirely at a
loss as to what the right thing might be.

  “You have done nothing to offend
me personally,” she said, with slow, pre-
cise coldness. “It merely happens that
since I saw you last 1 have learned
what you really are. So I do not care
to shake hands with you. That is all.”

  He stepped back still farther, help-
less for words. He could think of
nothing to say, so he bowed with as
A FOUCRFOUD GAME

83

much dignity as her own. She moved
on to the waiting taxicab, entered it,
and it whirred away. When Captain
Dalton emerged from the telegraph
office five minutes later Braxton was
walking up and down the sidewalk with
his hands behind his back and his head
bowed, and not until the Ranger spoke
to himr'a second time did he come out
of his abstraction.

  It was clear enough. Somehow she
had learned of his connection with the
service, and.she hated him for it. Well,
it was a price he must pay for serving
a different power than she. Their brief,
congenial acquaintanceship was over,
and for all time.. Ships, they had been,
that passed in the night and spoke each
other in passing. He had told himself,
ever since that bitter hour when he
faced the gale on the Lampasas, that
he and she could never be anything to
one another, not even friends. And
yet, down in his heart of hearts, he
had hoped—but hope was now dead
and buried.

  Then it came to him that if Esther
Lynde knew who he was, so also, in
all probability, did Henry Cook. And
only the day before he had seen Cook
and Sauceda together.

CHAPTER XX.

THE RAID AT SAUCEDA'S.

  Immediately after breakfast Braxton,
Dalton, and Payne got together to plan
their day. Payne had already set his
three men to work, and had secured
the cooperation of Ellery Marsh, a Fed-
eral agent permanently located in Texas
and known to the San Antonio officials,
to take active charge of the raid. Marsh
and Captain Dalton went to call on
the chief of police and sheriff, and re-
ported, an hour or two later, that those
officials, as was to be expected, had
joined enthusiastically in their plans.
It was decided to make the raid at ex-
actly nine-thirty o’clock. If lieutenants

of Sauceda visited the house and left
it before that hour, each would be sep-
arately followed and quietly arrested
when he had reached some place where
no rumor of the incident could get back
to the junta in time to warn the others.

  Braxton, through sleepless hours, had
wrestled with the problem of whether
or not he ought to change his plans
because of the: sudden knowledge that
Esther Lynde had discovered his iden-
tity. He could not think, however, of
any way to do so and still make certain
the lists of names and the telegraph
messages would not be destroyed. If
Sauceda knew who and what he was,
and he were putting himself in danger
by going to the house, that was a chance
he must take as part of the day’s work.

  At two in the afternoon Sauceda
called him on the telephone to ask him
if he had any knowledge as to the
whereabouts of Azcona. He had an-
ticipated some such inquiry and pre-
pared for it. So he replied:

  ■‘Senor Azcona? No, general, I have
not seen him to-day. I haven’t hap-
pened to drop into the Bonham.”

  “He is not at the Bonham. Where
did you leave him last evening?”

  “At the corner by the Madison Club.”
“You had taken supper there ?” That
they had not taken supper there could
be quite easily ascertained,

  “No. When we reached the corner
by the club Senor Azcona said he was
feeling a bit tired and thought he would
go on to his hotel if I would excuse
him. So Ave said good night.”

  “He did not sleep in his room at the
Bonham. The clerks do not remember
his coming in.”

  “That is odd. He especially men-
tioned to me that he was going to his
hotel. Perhaps he had some matter—
some matter of business—that he did
not wish to mention.”

  “I am quite sure he did not. I am
in his confidence. We had an appoint-
ment for this morning, and when he
84

THE cPOVULAtR MAGAZINE

did not appear I called the hotel. He
certainly did not go there.”

  Braxton’s tone was solicitous. “He
may have been taken ill or met with an
accident. Have you called the hos-
pitals ?”

  “No, but I shall—at once. Thank
you, senor.”

 “When you find him I wish you
would let me know. There are so many
automobile accidents these days, and
he might be unconscious. I shall be
quite anxious until I hear.”

  He heard nothing more from Sau-
ceda during the afternoon. At eight-
thirty Blossom, clearly excited with an-
ticipation, was at the Edgewood, and
Waite drove away with him. Captain
Dalton had already gone to meet the
sheriff and chief of police, who were
going to lead their men in person.

  He stopped the car on the nearest
side street to the house of the junta,
where Blossom was to await further
orders. Then he strolled leisurely
around the corner, passed the inevitable,
guard of two on Sauceda’s front gal-
lery, and entered Sauceda’s front room
at nine o’clock. He observed, as he
went up the walk, the usual Mexican
rocking in the chair by the side of the
house under the fig tree.

  A young lieutenant named Ramos,
whom he had seen once or twice, was
with the general. Braxton introduced
the subject of the missing Azcona him-
self, asking if he had yet appeared.

  “No,” said Sauceda. “And it is very
strange. I have telephoned all the hos-
pitals. No one of his description is un-
conscious or delirious in any of them.”
“The police?” Waite’s tone was in-
quiring,

  Sauceda shrugged his shoulders.
“Hardly,” he said. “Inquiries in that
direction might not be profitable. Nev-
ertheless, we have investigated through
friends who are at times able to get
information at headquarters, and they

cannot learn that he has. been the sub-
ject of any police report.”

  “I feel solicitous,” said Waite. “He
seemed in good health and spirits when
he left me.”

  “We are sparing no pains to get track
of him,” Sauceda assured Braxton.
The matter dropped there.

  Waite had thought out a very plausi-
ble suggestion as to getting rifles smug-
gled across the border in" various places,
if a continued embargo on arms should
make it impossible for them to be
shipped across openly, and after a little
he launched into an explanation of his
idea. Sauceda and Ramos listened with
more than respect. In fact they both
agreed his scheme sounded very reason-
able and were disposed to adopt it. He
had foreseen this; so long as their
Cientifico army plot was purely imagi-
nary and they had no intention of run-
ning guns across the river, one plan
to do it was as well worth agreeing to
as another.

  And this brought the discussion to
a point where it would be well to know
how many men could be depended upon
in each of the border counties to assist
in such a smuggling plan as Waite was
proposing. He asked, in an entirely
natural manner, to see the lists.

  Sauceda took the papers from the
safe, the door of which was open. It
was twenty minutes after nine, Waite
noticed, when he got the sheets in his
hand. He now had possession of the
lists of captains of ten, and he had no
doubt the telegraph forms were in the
safe; there could hardly be any reason
for them to be anywhere else until the
night of the uprising. His remaining
task was to talk against time for ten
minutes.

  He did not attempt to note any of
the names on the lists, or otherwise
to do anything that might arouse sus-
picion, but merely proceeded to tabulate
a total of the members of the band in
each of the border counties. In dis-
A FCHJtRFOUD GAME

85

cussing this, he listed as a border county
one that is a hundred miles north of
the river, and had to be set right with
the help of a map. And he lost track of
his totals at one point, and had to go
back and eliminate a county whose
members he had counted twice.

  While this was going on Ramos ex-
cused himself and went into the back
room, where his voice could be heard
in conversation with others. Five or
six minutes had elapsed when some one
came up the walk onto the gallery, and
after a subdued conversation Tomas
knocked at the door.

  “A friend—Lopez, of Mendon,” he
announced. “On immediate and impor-
tant business.”

  “After a little!” frowned Sauceda.
“Just now I am engaged.” He glanced
significantly at Braxton, who had not
looked up.

  “Even so, my general, I think you
would see him—and even now,” replied
Tomas, and, turning, brought Lopez
into the room and stood beside him,
closing the door and standing with his
back to it.

- “A thousand pardons!” apologized
Lopez, while Braxton kept his face
averted as much as he 'might without
losing sight of the position of Tomas
and the newcomer. “I am disturbed in
my mind. I think and think, and fear
perhaps I should report. So I come on

the train-”

  “Cease this wind of words!” com-
manded Sauceda. “Can you not wait
a little ? There is no train back to Men-
don to-night. Wait outside!”

  “But I have told this good friend,”
insisted Lopez, indicating Tomas, “and
he says I should not wait. Was it
right that I reported so fully to the
man you sent—-about the dynamite and
the plans for our great night’s work?”
Sauceda’s face set in so vicious a
glare that the man shrank back, fright-
ened. “What man?” he demanded.
Too terror-stricken to speak, Lopez,

twirling his hat in his hands and wetting
his lips, looked from Sauceda around
to Tomas by the door, and from Tomas
to Braxton. Waite moved his feet back
slowly to enable him to rise with one
leap, and measured the distance to get
his back against the wall. For a sec-
ond only Lopez stared into Waite’s

face. Then-

  “This man!” he cried. A look of re-
lief passed over his face. “I see he
is indeed all right, as he, said,” he
breathed. “I feared, as I thought and
thought, and put together what I had
reported to him yesterday——”

  Sauceda was staring through nar-
rowed eyes at Waite.

  “What is this, senor?” he asked, and
there was suspicion, fear, and, above
all, menace in his low voice.

  “Shall not those who are spending
the money know that it is being well
spent?” demanded Braxton. He had
only one minute more to gain, if the
raiders were exactly on time. “I am
merely sitting into the game, as I an-
nounced.”

  Sauceda considered this and him, and
there was an ominous pause. It was
broken by a sharp tap at the window
back of Sauceda’s chair—the window
that looked out on the rocking-chair
under the fig tree. The lists were all
under Braxton’s hand, where they could
be gathered with one clutch.

  The general opened the window in-
stantly.

  “There are men!” said the guard out-
side the window. “Eight or ten, or
maybe twelve. All gringos! They look
as if they were all coming here.”

  Before Sauceda could begin to form
his answer the door into the back room
opened and Ramos stood upon the
threshold.

  “There are men on the other side
of the fence back of the garden,” he
said. “Two or three of them.”

  The front door came open without
the customary knock, and the com-
86

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

panion of Tomas came in. “Men com-
ing!" he exclaimed. Neither of the
other guards had raised his voice in
giving the warning; neither did this
one. Their voices were hurried, but
soft. “Gringos!” he added. “Many
of them!”

  The man just outside the window,
under the fig tree, gave an exclamation
and disappeared in the direction of the
back of the house. “Stop!” cried a
strange voice in that direction. There
Was a pistol shot, a yelp of pain, a suc-
cession of cries. Voices raised in con-
fusion came from the back room, into
which Ramos had vanished at the shot,
slamming the door behind him as he
went.

  As quickly as he had entered the
house the second guard from in front
dashed out, and Jose Lopez, of Mendon,
followed him. Their feet sounded on
the gallery as they ran toward its end
and leaped for the shadow that lay
between Sauceda’s house and the next
one. Sounds of a struggle followed.

  All these things took perhaps ten sec-
onds, during which Braxton sprang to
his feet, the papers containing the list
of names in his hand.

  Sauceda kept his head, fie leaned
across the table. “Quick! Those pa-
pers ! To me!” he commanded.

  Waite stared dazedly at the general,
without comprehension, as though over-
come with panic. He backed away a
step or two and looked from door to
door. His hands, clutching the lists,
shook. He seemed paralyzed by fear.

  “The papers ! In your hand! Give
them here!” Sauceda demanded again.
He measured the distance he would
have to cover to get around the table
to take them by force and the time it
would take to do it. The steps out-
side were coming very close to the gal-
lery.

  Tomas, smiling his smile that was
more sinister than a frown, his eyes on
the general for orders, locked the front

door, took out the key, and dropped it
in his pocket.

  “Take them, Tomas!” cried Sauceda.
“Destroy them!”

  Waite could not fight them both and
retain the lists. Just beside him the
door of the safe stood open. With al-
most one motion—for Tomas was cov-
ering the distance between them,
crouched like a football tackle—he
threw all the papers into the safe,
slammed the door, and spun the com-
bination. As he stooped to do this,
Tomas was upon him.

  “It is done! They cannot get them
now!” he cried, hoping to deceive both
Mexicans into thinking he had misun-
derstood the general’s meaning. But
Tomas did not seem to hear, and as
he straightened to meet the rush he
saw the Mexican had drawn a knife
and was swinging it as he leaped.

  Waite got the man’s wrist with his
left hand and tried to draw his auto-
matic from his hip pocket, but Tomas
was equally quick and also seized his
right wrist.

  “Kill him! He was with Azcona!
He went to Mendon! Cursed gringo
spy!” Sauceda was snarling. Out of
the corner of his eye Waite saw the
bandit general dragging open the table
drawer.

  His grip on Tomas’ wrist was slip-
ping, and the Mexican was using all
the leverage of his powerful shoulders
to force the knife downward and in-
ward. “Kick in the door! Quick!”
somebody shouted outside.

  At a distance, but almost as though
it were an echo of that command, a
voice cried in Spanish: “They are
Rangers!” Then several things hap-
pened so close together that afterward
Waite could hardly array them in their
proper order.

  Tomas, by a sudden violent effort,
threw Braxton back across the safe, and
tore himself loose. Surprisingly, then,
as Waite expected the drive of the
A FOUcRFOLcD GAME

87

knife, the Mexican turned and dashed
for the open window behind Sauceda.
His fear of the Rangers had weighed
the scale in the American’s favor.

  The door jarred, gave, and at the
second attack came crashing in.

  Sauceda got the table drawer open,
and his hand came into view above it
holding an automatic pistol. He fired
at Braxton point-blank.

  As he pulled the trigger, Tomas, leap-
ing toward the window, collided with
his arm. The bullet went wild. Sau-
ceda cursed and swung the gun back
to fire again.

  Captain Dalton, from the doorway,
flipped his pistol from his holster and
fired from the hip twice, so rapidly
that the two reports sounded almost
like one. Sauceda bent forward at the
waist as though he were hinged, and
the automatic went clattering to the
floor as he sprawled forward across the
table. He lay as he fell, motionless,
his face grotesquely twisted to one side.

  Coincident with the Ranger’s shots
came the leap of Tom2ts out through
the window. He cleared the sash and
landed on the ground beneath. He ran.
There was a shot outside—two more.
“Damn ! I missed him!” cried a voice.

  As the last of this succession of
incidents took place, Braxton was
straightening up from the top of th^
safe, across which he had been hurled
two seconds before by Tomas.

  The raid was over as quickly as it
had begun. Waite looked mechanically
at his watch. It was twenty-eight min-
utes of ten.

  For the benefit of the Mexicans, ■
Braxton was taken out a prisoner by
Dalton. He joined in the yard a sad
company. Seven it numbered—only
Tomas had escaped.

  While still inside, Waite had found
opportunity to apprise Marsh, the Fed-
eral agent in charge, of the location
of the lists and presumably of . the tele-
graph forms. Officials searched the

house, taking all papers. Presently an
express wagon drove up and men be-
gan to load the safe, to be taken to
the Federal Building and there opened.
While they were at it the coroner came
to view the body of Sauceda.

  Then a patrol wagon drove up, and
the officers began to herd the prisoners
toward it.

  “This man,” declared Captain Dal-
ton harshly, indicating Braxton, “was
standing over the safe when we went
in. He may know the combination. I'll
take him along with me to the Federal
Building and see if I can make him
remember it.”

  The others were taken away, and the
captain went with Waite back into the
house, where Ranger Carl and a police-
man remained in charge to give the
curious crowd that had collected a
chance to partially disperse. After a
time they went out of the house by
a back door and over a fence toward
the side street where the automobile
waited.

  As they came up to it they were sur-
prised to see two men there, where
they had expected to find only one.
One of the pair was half sitting, half
lying, on the floor of the car in front
of the driver’s seat, groaning, cursing,
and threatening. The other was stand-
ing over him, from time to time bran-
dishing an enormous monkey wrench.

  “Tomas!” exclaimed Braxton.

  “I think he’s a bad Mexican,’r sput-
tered Blossom, still waving the monkey
wrench in dangerous proximity to the
man’s head. “He come runnin’ out
through this alley back here, wavin’ a
knife, an’ jabbered something at me in
his lingo, and then he said I had to drive
him somewhere or he would kill me.
He was goin’ to steal my automobile!
What do you think of that?”

  “Why didn’t you shoot him ?” asked
Dalton.

  “Shoot him? Goodness, Mr. Dalton,
I don’t know nothin’ about a pistol. I
88

THE WPULA^R MAGAZINE

got one at home, but I don’t never
carry it in the automobile. I used to,
but I got so worried havin’ it around
loaded that it bothered my drivin’. No,
sir. I just smashed him a few with
this monkey wrench. The first swipe
made him drop the knife. I guess
mebbe I broke his arm.”

  “To a hospital, in the name of the
saints !” protested Tomas. “This incar-
nate devil has murdered me!”

  ‘T don’t know what he’s sayin’,” said
Blossom earnestly, “but I’m awful glad
you’ve come. Gosh, I be’n scared! I
ain’t no rough character, you know. I
never fight. I don’t even know how."

CHAPTER XXI.

TWO SURPRISES.

  At ten o’clock the following morning
Braxton shouted “Come!” to the knock
at his door, and Payne entered. Waite
had not left the room since he entered
it after midnight. It had been agreed,
before he went to bed, that he had best
remain in seclusion; it would not do
for him to be seen at large by Mexicans
who might be aware of his supposed
arrest the evening before. He had
eaten breakfast in his room, had cele-
brated the day by removing his beard
and saluting as an old friend his clean-
shaven face in the mirror, and was im-
patiently awaiting some report from the
activities of his associates.

  “Everything is going great!” declared
Payne at once. “Ramos has come
through with a confession that backs up
Azcona’s, and there’ll be more before
night. There isn’t a thing to keep you
here; you can get out on an evening
train.”

  “It would be bad if I had to come
back for the trials,” said Braxton.

  “No fear of that. Neither you nor
I will be needed. Until then the Mex-
icans who know you will suppose you
are awaiting trial in some other prison,
or perhaps out on bail. When the trials

come off I will have Marsh start a ru-
mor that certain New York financial
interests put enough pressure on Wash-
ington to get you released.”

  “I suppose, after I left you last night,
Marsh gave copies of all those tele-
grams in the safe to the different tele-
graph companies ?”

  “Sure! Not one of those messages
could be sent now, even if it were filed,
and even if one of them happened to
get by I imagine the bad hombres to
the south of us are having their hands
too full to-day to pay much attention
to it. I heard from Dalton a little while
ago; he is going to meet us here as
soon as he gets time. I gathered from
his laconic remarks that his boys and
the sheriffs down below are gathering
in one magnificent harvest.”

  Payne took from his pocket a plain,
unaddressed envelope.

  “Here is a letter for you,” he said.
“Came in my mail from the chief this
morning.”

  Waite opened it. The note was in
the chief’s handwriting, but bore neither
address nor date, and the three initials
that were signed to it were the same
three—none of them an initial of the
chief’s name—that had appeared at the
bottom of the radiogram Waite had re-
ceived at sea, instructing him to for-
gather immediately with Cameron in
New York. “Excuse me,” he said to
Payne, and read:

  My Dear Friend: I have just returned
from a little trip with a quite well-known
gentleman, who has asked me to write you
expressing his personal appreciation of
services rendered in connection with a cer-
tain note of which he has seen a copy. He
wants me to say to you that as soon as you
have returned from your present visit to
the Southwest he would like me to bring
you to his home, in order that he may thank
you in person.

  It will interest you to know that the note
to which I refer was along lines similar to a
former one that was to have been carried to
the same parties several years ago, but the
delivery of which was prevented by a seri-
A FOU^RFOlfD GAME

89

ous accident to the messenger. The plan
which it proposed was a very interesting
one, but became useless once we were
known to be aware of it. And I can inform
you that word already has been unofficially
communicated to certain energetic little peo-
ple that we know the contents of the mes-
sage, and the plan that was afoot has been
thereby ruined.

  I hope to see you as soon as your present
business is completed.

  He handed the letter to Payne.
“ ‘Along lines similar to a former note
that was to have been carried to the
same parties several years ago/ ”
quoted Payne, when he had read it
twice. “Similar, that is to say, to the
message Don Gustavo was about to take
as special ambassador to Tokyo when
Huerta put an end to that by killing
him. And we’ve put Japan wise, un-
officially, to the fact that we are onto
the game. Well, I can readily see how
that would ruin the whole scheme, as
the chief says. Japan had to make the
first move, and it had to look innocent.
She cannot make it now that she under-
stands the United States will know ex-
actly what it means. And the part that
Germany was invited to take cannot be
done unless Japan has first started
things. So it looks, thanks be, as
though the whole business were pretty
well blown up.”

  “The chief seems sure of it, and he
naturally is in touch with the state de-
partment,” said Waite.

  Captain Bob Dalton knocked and en-
tered. There was a satisfied smile on
his tanned face, and his eyes glinted
with cold jubilation.

  “Remember what I said a couple o’
nights ago about laigs and arms stickin’
out of the windows of country jails?”
he inquired, as he shut the door. “I
reckon from what reports I’m gettin’
they’ve done got to that stage already.
I guess before night they’ll be figurin’
on buildin’ additions. It’s shore some
round-up!”

  “It seems too bad we had to leave

you and Marsh to do all this work,”
said Braxton. “That’s the penalty of
hiving to keep our identity secret. We
start lots of things, but we can’t be
present at the finish.”

  “As far as I’m concerned, you needn’t
worry about its bein’ too bad,” ex-
claimed the Ranger. “I certainly do
appreciate you fellers invitin’ me to sit
into the game with you that-a-way.
Nothin’ could have given me greater
pleasure.”

  Waite took a train that night for the
North. In order to avoid possible iden-
tification at the railroad station he had
himself driven by automobile to New
Braunfels—the next good-sized station
north of San Antonio—and boarded it
there. Payne, by the chief’s orders,
was to remain in San Antonio to
secretly oversee the continuing round-
up.

  He had plenty of time, before he
reached Washington, to review in his
mind that last meeting with Esther
Lynde, which the excitement of swift-
moving events had temporarily pushed
into the background. The wound, he
found, was very fresh and sore. Why,
when he had met the woman that he
knew to be the only woman, had fate
played him so scurvy a trick ? He tried
to be philosophical, but philosophy does
not come easy at twenty-nine. This
bitterness of spirit dampened the ela-
tion he otherwise would have felt over
the successful completion of his two
latest tasks, and it was in no especially
cheerful frame of mind that he arrived
in Washington and found word await-
ing him at his hotel that the chief had
made an appointment for them to call
at the White House that noon.

  The president was gravely cordial,
and expressed a sincere appreciation of
his services, congratulating both him
and the nation that he had done his
share to prevent a situation that in time
might have developed a desperate crisis.
W'hen Braxton and the chief came out
90

THE ‘POPULAR MAGAZINE

upon the avenue, Waite was glowing
with satisfaction and justifiable pride.

  As they passed through the corridors
of the building in which are the offices
of the service, there was a woman in
the hallway ahead of them. She turned
a corner and passed out of sight with-
out looking back almost at the moment
Waite saw her, but there was no mis-
taking that figure and carriage. Brax-
ton grasped the chief’s arm.

  “Did you notice that young woman ?”
he asked. “The one who went to the
right ?”

  “I saw there was one. I can’t say
I observed her very closely.”

  “Chief,” said Waite earnestly, “have
her watched. Immediately. This prob-
ably means some leak right here in the
office. Her name is Lynde, and she
is a mighty competent German secret
agent. I wonder how^ she got here so
soon; I thoHght I left her in San An-
tonio. She must have started for here
about the same time I did by a different
road.”

  The chief unlocked a door, and they
passed into his private office without
going through the outer room. As the
chief closed the door he asked: “What
is her name, did you say?”

  ‘Lynde. Esther Lynde.”

  The chief had his finger on a push
button.. An attendant opened the door
from the outer office.

  “Fairbanks,” said the chief, “there is
a lady in the building named Lynde—t
Miss Esther Lynde. I think she went
into Mr. Harrison’s room. Bring her
here at once, please.”

  “Really—I—I don’t want to inter-
fere, but—really—she’s too clever—al-
together too clever—for you to learn
her business by putting it up to her
sharp like this,” Waite protested. “And,
chief—as a personal favor—I—I’ve met
Miss Lynde. Don’t be too hard on
her.”

  “We’ll see,” replied the chief shortly.
He waved his hand toward a chair, and

began to study an accumulation of mem-
oranda on his desk. Braxton sat down.
Not more than three minutes elapsed
and the door opened. “Miss Lynde,
sir,” announced Fairbanks, and Esther
stepped into the room. As she caught
sight of Waite, who had risen, her face
was a study in conflicting emotions, sur-
prise predominating. “Why—I didn’t
know they brought you here!” she ex-
claimed. “I thought you were in-”

  The chief, sitting at his desk, inter-
rupted her. “Do you know this man ?”
he asked sharply.

  “Yes, sir.”

  “Who is he?”

  She hesitated, and when she replied
it was in a low voice, as though she
were reluctant: “He is Waite Braxton,
a representative of the Universal Oil
Company.” Her voice fell still lower:
“And—a member of the conspiracy to
bring about the uprising in south
Texas.”

  “Willing to get Americans killed to
help along a financial game, eh?” said
the chief most surprisingly. “Almost
as bad as being a traitor?”

  The girl looked helplessly at Waite,
and back to the chief. “That is true,”
she almost whispered. “But—he must
have been terribly tempted. I feel sure
if you could take that into consideration
■—could be as merciful as possible, un-
der the circumstances-”

  Bratton’s jaw had dropped at the
chief’s words, and for a moment he was
speechless. Now he stammered: “Why

—how—you don't-” But the chief

motioned him to silence, and there was
an odd expression on his face as he
said: -

  “That’s very kind of you, Miss
Lynde. You will be glad to know that
Mr. Braxton, just before you came in,
asked me not to be any harder on you
than I had to be.”

  It was the girl’s turn to look blank.
“Hard on me?" she repeated.

  “Exactly. It seems you are a very
A FOUCRFOUD GAME

91

dangerous German spy.” The chief
sprang to his feet briskly and addressed
them both, and he was smiling. “I
guess it is time one set of incognitos
in this office got stretched a little,” he
said. “Miss Lynde, valued member of
the department, let me present Mr.
Braxton, equally valued member.”

 “You a-” Both of them said it

in chorus, and stopped. “But-”

Again they spoke the same word to-
gether. Then they stared at one an-
other like a pair of newly met Dromios.
And then suddenly they laughed.

  “Sit down, both of you!” said the
chief, resuming his chair. “There are
quite a number of things you ought to
enjoy talking over together, and as I
haven’t seen either of you for two
months you can save my time by telling
me certain things in each other’s pres-
ence. For instance, how did it happen
that you both got copies of the cipher
message to Japan? You,” to Braxton,
“sent me one copy by Williams the
night before you left for France, and
you,” to Miss Lynde, “sent me exactly
the same cipher by Carson on exactly
the same train.”

  Braxton was the first to answer.

“Well, I’ll be blessed! I-” He

grinned at the thought. “I stole it
from Miss Lynde.” To her look of
mystification he added: “I had the en-
velope opened and its contents copied
between the time we arrived in New
York and the time I had to meet you
at the Van Wouter.” Then his mind
flew back to the first time he had seen
the cipher in her possession, and the
smile left his face. “But you? How
did you get those papers from Calderon
—and when ?”

  “I didn’t get them from Calderon,”
she replied. “I didn’t even know Cal-
deron had them—until afterward. Mv
work in Mexico City was to keep track
of German activities; I’ve been on that
sort of duty ever since I entered the
service two years ago. My education

in Germany especially fits me for it, I
suppose.”

  “But you had those papers when you
came down frorrw the third floor of the
Presidente that night, just after Cal-
deron was killed. I saw them. The
corner showed in your bodice.”

  “Goodness, that was careless!” ex-
claimed the girl. “But the whole thing
was terribly upsetting. I never' was
more shaken in all my life.”

  “Let’s hear about it,” suggested the
chief.

  “When you learned that Captain von
Arnoldt was on his way to Mexico City
and sent me to keep track of him,” she
said, “we got rooms in the same hotel
as he. It wasn’t possible to get them
on the same floor at that time; Captain
von Arnoldt was on the fourth floor
and the Carsons and I were on the
third.”

  “Excuse me,” interrupted Braxton,
“but are the Carsons also-”

  “Yes. That is to say, they are at-
tached to me when I am at work. They
are really my cousins—quite distant
ones. They don’t have much w*rk to
do except make my presence on a case
plausible and keep their own counsel,
and they do both perfectly well.

  “That night in the Presidente I was
nearly through dressing when the page
brought up Mr. Braxton’s card,” she
continued, addressing the chief. “We
had become acquainted that afternoon;
he rescued me from a nasty little street
riot. I sent word I would be down in
a few minutes and finished dressing.
Then I turned off the electric light in
my room and stepped to the door. Evi-
dently I had neglected to close it when
the page brought up the card; it stood
open the tiniest crack—perhaps an inch.

  “Outside the door was a balcony that
encircles the patio. There are seats
around the sides, between the doors of
the rooms—seats with movable leather
cushions. The lights were on over the
92

THE ‘POVULA'ii MAGAZINE

balcony. Of course I could see what
was going on there, while a person out-
side, my room being dark, would not
even notice my door was ajar.

  “I had reached the door, and was
just on the point of opening it, when
a door in the wall at right angles to
mine opened and a man came out
quickly and shut it behind him. He was
crouched and hurrying, as though there
were something back in the room from
which he wanted to escape. I saw then
that it was the Japanese elevator man.
There was no reason why he should
be coming out of a guest’s room, and
where at first I had seen him by acci-
dent, from that moment I had my eye
to that crack in the door, watching him.

  “He made two soft-footed leaps to-
ward the railing about the patio, and
looked cautiously over. Then, tiptoe-
ing very carefully, he set out to walk
around toward the stairs. He had some-
thing in his hand—something white. At
this moment Cousin Mary came to her
door, took hold of the knob and it
sounded as though she were coming out.
She told me afterward that she had
started to do so and had gone back to
wait because Cousin Thomas wasn’t
quite ready. At any rate, she didn’t
open the door.

  “At the sound the Jap turned and
ran directly toward me. I suppose he
thought he was going to be discovered,
and made up his mind not to have the
cipher in his possession if he should
be arrested. He came to the wall seat,
not two yards from where I stood,
tucked the white package under a
cushion, turned like lightning, and ran
to the stairs and up them two steps at
a time. The moment he had disap-
peared I stepped out and got the en-
velope—on general principles; mysteri-
ous papers in Japanese hands might
prove worth having. Then I saw there
were fresh stains on it—bloodstains. I
realized something serious had hap-
pened behind the door of room No. 81.

All the more reason to expect the en-
velope might be important.

  “With the possibility of some crime
so near me, it was advisable that I
get off that floor just as quickly as I
could. I didn’t dare take the time to
go back to my room to hide the en-
velope, and I feared a search of all the
rooms, anyway. So I called to Cousin
Mary that I had gone on without them,
and hurried down the stairs. That ex-
plains how nervous I was when Mr.
Payne announced that Colonel Calderon
had been murdered. I saw the Japa-
nese again when the police were ques-
tioning him; he had plunged his hands
into grease to hide the stains that must
have been on them. I imagine he went
back to recover his hidden papers later,
and found them gone.

  “After you and Mr. Payne had left
that night, I opened the envelope and
found it contained what was apparently
some sort of national cipher. I burned
the envelope, of course. The next
morning Captain von Arnoldt told me
he had decided to sail for New York.
So I came with him—until the British
took him off the ship—and brought the
papers with me.”

  “But why did you intrust them to
me?” Braxton asked.

  “Because I was nervous that night.
Von Arnoldt had lost his papers, and I
felt as though some one were watching
me. You were strong and competent,
and would not be suspected of having
them, and I felt I could trust you.
Didn’t I explain all that to you when
I asked you to take them? Well, I
found a message in New York from the
chief, sending me on an errand to Mon-
treal, so I sent them over by Cousin
Thomas. Then I went from Montreal
direct to San Antonio, and I’ve never
heard yet what they were. Was it an
important cipher?” she asked the chief.

  “So important that Braxton went
from here to Mexico City especially to
get it at any cost, and the Japanese
A FOURFOLD GAME

93

secret service, learning somehow that
Calderon had been bribed to make a
copy, killed him to keep the message
from reaching us. I told the president
two people were responsible for our
securing the note. He thanked Braxton
this noon; I have an appointment for
him to thank you to-morrow at eleven.”

 “Was your mother German—and
were you born in Berlin?” asked Brax-
ton.

  “My mother’s grandfather fought in
the Revolution,” she smiled. “But the
rest of it was almost true. Berlin—
Massachusetts—is only about fifteen
miles from Worcester, and I was born
in Worcester.”

  “You went to San. Antonio, then,

  “Get acquainted with German secret-
service men—or rather one very popu-
lar young German secret-service man.
I thought I never would get him to tell
me, much as he likes the flattering at-
tention of young women. It took a
terrible lot of anti-Allies talk, I can
assure you. He wasn’t really back of
the uprising, of course; just encour-
aged it as a matter of general policy.
I telegraphed the chief what they were
planning—but I forget; you were on
that, of course.”

  “You both seem to have got the facts
regarding it at just about the same
time,” remarked the chief. “The tele-
gram saying Braxton had uncovered
the scheme reached here a little before
midnight one- night, and yours, Miss
Lynde, about four hours later.”

  He rose, and his face was severe,
although one who knew him unusually
well might have discovered the trace of
a twinkle in his eyes. “There is one
thing neither of you has explained,” he
said. “And I’m afraid it is going to
prove pretty hard to do so.”

  “What is it?” they both asked to-
gether.

  “How-” He spoke impressively.

“How does it happen that in all your
reports to this office neither of you
found it necessary to mention the per-
nicious activities of the other? I do
not recall that either of you has even
written the other’s name.”

  Waite felt the color rising to his
cheeks. He glanced sidewise at the
girl; her face, too, was flushing.

  The whir of an electric buzzer proved
a welcome diversion. “Excuse me a
minute,” said the chief. “I’ll be back
shortly.”

  They had risen to their feet. She
was slowly polishing a corner of the
chief’s desk with the end of one middle
finger, as though a little spot there
needed to be dusted. Her eyes were
following the motion of her hand.

  “If I had only known!” he breathed.

  “I almost told you—that night on the
boat when I gave you the papers—at
the door of my stateroom,” she said.
“I don’t know what came over me that
night; it was all I could do to keep my
secret!”

  “Look up a minute! What color are
they?” asked Waite.

  She raised her eyes, and what she
saw in his ma«le her drop them again.
“What color are—what?” she asked
faintly.

  “Sometimes they seem blue and some-
times gray, and sometimes they are like
pansies. Which is their real color ?
Now that we can be—friends again I
have to now. I have to, Esther.”

  Her reply seemed quite irrelevant.
“I like you a lot better without those
horrid whiskers,” she said.

  A moment or two later the chief
opened the door and stood on the
threshold. For just one second he
scanned them through his spectacles;
then, smiling to himself, he turned,
went out again, and closed the door
softly. They neither saw nor heard
him.
Bonita

By Henry Herbert Knibbs

   Author of “ Sunny Mateel, ” “ The Amazing Tenderfoot, ” Etc.

                                         *

   A tale of Overland Red in the lusty days of free range and unfenced
activities. Romance transports him from middle age to the anticipation of
youth; and as he sleeps in the saddle and dreams, there comes to him on
the swift and silent wings of memory the unforgetable adventure of Bonita’s
Christmas.

IN his younger days, Overland Red
was a bit quicker on the trigger
and a bit slower to condemn ques-
tionable exploits than in later
years, when experience had mellowed
him and time had broadened him both
in body and vision, tingeing his curly
red hair with a few silvery reminders
of erstwhile toil and stress in the out-
lands.

  Even after he had ceased to pack
two guns and ride the high trails, many
said he was still a fighter, but his close
friends knew him for a man of peace
and illimitable pleasantry. His once
keen, almost acrid, wit had softened to
a broad and benevolent humor. And
as often as hot, when riding to town
from the Moonstone Rancho, he chose
the shady side of the trail and rode
slowly, living over again the vivid ro-
mance of his youth, dreaming reincar-
nated daydreams, his physical being
subconsciously alert, but his mental vi-
sion lost in far reaches of hill and
valley, canon and mesa.

  The chance coyote limned sharply
on the hilltop sky line no longer evoked
that lightning turn of the wrist and
the peremptory whang of his .45; jack
rabbits leaped away at the clatter of
his pony’s feet, frequently turning to

sit up and gaze at the placid figure rid-
ing the faint horizon trails and the
misty hills of his earlier meanderings.

  Overland Red had become a well-
to-do and law-abiding citizen, free-
handed, hearty, and a stickler for the
proprieties—as observed on a cattle
ranch. He still carried a service-worn
revolver in a shoulder holster, and still
wore chaps when riding—habits he
could not overcome, despite the times
and the manners. The casual observer
would have taken him for a wealthy
cattleman of most ordinary proclivi-
ties, never dreaming that the big, jo-
vial rider was the once-renowned Red
Jack Summers of the lusty days of free
range and unfenced activities.

  Romance occasionally tugged at his
heartstrings. At such times his keen
blue eyes would twinkle as he reached
for tobacco and papers to roll a ciga-
rette leisurely with one. hand and
dream, perchance, of a Southern mesa
sprinkled with an unexpected powder-
ing of snow, and of a Christmas Day
cherished as a vivid spot in the rather
bleak monotony of an Arizona winter.

  The December breeze was cool and
welcome. His pony moved at an easy
running walk that wore down the long,
<BONIT/i

95

winding miles to the far-seen valley.
Red rode, with one hand on the fork
of the saddle, as comfortably as
though he had been seated in a slowly
moving rocking-chair. A rabbit shot
from a clump of grease wood. The
horse, usually dependable, snorted and
reared. Red swayed to the leap and
grinned. Then he brushed his hand
across his eyes, felt for tobacco and
papers, and rolled a cigarette. They
entered a notch in the hills. The high
avails of Moonstone Canon shadowed
pony and rider. The air grew chill.
The wind, dying away in the silent,
rock-strewn canon, no longer stirred
little whiffs of dust at each step of
the horse. Overland Red glanced at
the sky and nodded at its peculiar dun-
gray coloring. “Snow,” he muttered.
Yet there had been no snow on the
Moonstone for many years.

  The pony slowed to a careful walk.
The canon cleft narrowed to a strip
of hazy blue. Overland closed his eyes
that the memory of a past incident
might take clearer outline.

  That his horse should turn and plod
up a barren, sandy trail to a mesa never
mapped within the confines of Califor-
nia did not surprise him. It was an
Arizona mesa, strewn with ragged
tufa and dotted with bunch grass.
Buttes of extravagant shapes and sizes
reared their wind-worn citadels against
the far horizon. The air was no longer
the balmy breath of California, but the
keen, thin air of the high mesas. Glanc-
ing down, he was not astonished to ob-
serve that he now wore white Angora
chaps; that his horse was not the big
bay of the Moonstone Rancho, but an
active, quick-stepping pinto that tossed
its head as the foam flecks danced in
the sunlit air. Overland’s right hand
went to his hip and touched a “quick-
draw” holster. He smiled. “Ought to
be another,” he said in his dream. And
most casually he glanced at his left
hip, from which hung another gun.

Romance had transported him from
middle age to the anticipation of youth.
He was curious to learn whether or
not the adventure which he knew must
follow would keep accurate pace with
his dream memory of it. And even as
he slept in the saddle and dreamed—
in the brief few minutes in which his
pony worked cautiously down the rag-
ged canon trail—there came to him on
the swift and silent wings of memory
the unforgetable adventure of Bonita’s
Christmas.

  Six feet of sinewy endurance; a face
lean, keen, and strong, tanned to saddle
color; curly red hair, clipped close—
vivid against the wide, rolling brim of
a new Stetson; a flaunting, dark-blue
neckerchief, and, dominating all, the
glance of clear blue eyes, alert and
mirroring a rich vitality—Red Jack
Summers, at twenty-two, was nothing
if not colorful. His poise was the
poise of one never anticipating action
but always ready for it. He rode
loosely and easily. The pinto cayuse
flashed from side to side as he loped
through the low chaparral of the mesa.
Silver gleamed on bit and bridle rein.
Starred conchas twinkled on saddle
and tapaderos. Tied to the saddle was
a gay-colored serape that swept the
pony’s flanks.

  The little cow horse swung tirelessly
toward the distant rim of the western
hills. Sixty miles away, lost in the
far horizon, the town of Perral lay
somewhere in that blue monotony of
haze-blurred ranges. Sixty miles of
sunlit silence. Plenty of time for a
man to think uninterruptedly.

  Overland hung the reins on the sad-
dle horn, and, reaching back, untied
the serape. From its fold he drew a
handful of color, a vivid silken shawl
of black barred with crimson and gold.
He crushed the fabric in his gloved
hand and released it, allowing it to
float and flicker bravely in the breeze.
96

THE <PO<PULR<R MAGAZINE

An end of the floating color brushed
his lips and he smiled. A flame of red
ran to his temples. Even in the empty
expanse he felt ashamed of what he
considered a display of sentiment, for
as the shawl had touched his face he
kissed it. Slowly he rolled the waver-
ing silk in the serape and retired it.

  Meanwhile, the pinto loped steadily.
He knew his destination and concen-
trated upon it. Mile after mile strung
out behind him, yet in the unmarked
emptiness the horse seemed to be lop-
ing upon a giant treadmill that turned
slowly beneath his hoofs. The hills
were less hazy, but appeared to be no
nearer. Red Jack Summers drifted
into a speculative soliloquy and talked
—presumably to the pony:

  “Now, a fella can’t get away from
hisself nohow. Or mebby from the
other fella what's watchin’ him day and
night. Some folks call the other fella
‘God.’ Mebby they’re right. For, sure
enough, the other fella keeps the books
and don’t miss nothin’.” He gathered
up the reins and stood in the stirrups,
gazing at the far hills. “And Lone-
some Land is the last place to ride—
if you’re aimin’ to get away from com-
p’ny. It’s like a hoss. Travelin’ sin-
gle, he thinks too much, and sometimes
reckons he’s gettin’ tired. Put him
along with another hoss or two, and
he’ll go lively to the finish. There’s
sure more inside of a man than he
reckons on. And that other fella that
whispers, ‘Do so!’ or ‘Don’t do such!’
sure has a big job on his hands—spe-
cially with me. Now, I had to jump
three different towns for killin’—in
straight gun fight—clean ! Why ?
’Cause the other fella inside of me kep’
a-tellin’ me there’d be more killin’ if
I stayed. Was I scared of that? Nope,
I reckon not. But I sure was scared
of what the other fella could tell me
nights—when I got to thinkin’ of kill-
in’ I could 'a’ got along without. They
sure is somethin’ runnin’ things—and

folks. Only folks is mostly ornery and
not willin’ to be run. Now, a fella
what’s sometimes got to kill to live is
in bad with hisself. And here I be,
fannin’ it lively right into Perral, know-
in’ I ain’t got no business there, ’less I
go heeled and keep my gloves off both
hands. The folks has took to callin’
me ‘Red,’ and it ain’t all ’cause I got
that kind of hair, either. But I reckon
I’ll let them worry—not me.”

  He sat back against the cantle and
eased'his pony down a sandy slope.
“The Bar-O trail runs in here some-
wheres. We’re makin’ right good time,
Sarko.”

  The pony mechanically lengthened
out to a lope again. Occupied with his
soliloquy, Overland failed to notice a.
rider who loped along a trail converg-
ing toward his own. At the angle
where the trails met, he pulled up and
turned. The man riding the big black
gelding spurred up and drew along-
side. Overland’s eyes hardened. He
was angry with himself for having al-
lowed any rider to approach so close
without having seen him. Moreover,
he knew this rider, and the rider knew
him. And Bonita, the velvet-eyed Mex-
ican girl of Perral, knewr them both.
Overland nodded. “Mornin’—stran-
ger.”

  The other’s .eyes closed to aggressive
slits. “Wrhy, mornin’, buckaroo! Rid-
in’ my way?”

  “Nope. Think too much of my hoss
to ride your way. But I aim to ride
the same trail.”

  “Uh-uh! I hear Perral’s got a new
sheriff/’

  “And you ^-ridin’ that way! Well,
now!”

  “Sun ain’t botherin’ yo’re eyes any?”

  “Nope. But sometimes I get care-
less about lettin’ strangers get close up.
But the Bar-O trail never worried me
none.”

  The other grinned. “Yo’re a good
talker, Red. So’s most preachers.”
<BONITA

97

  Overland ignored the taunt. Veiled
by the seemingly innocent remark was
the inference that he said more than
he was willing to back up with action.
Yet he felt that he had given the Bar-O
rider a fair excuse to declare himself.
An old hatred for the other burned
up in Overland’s eyes, but the word
“preacher” had given a twist to his
thoughts. He smiled broadly. “You
said it, Simms. Reckon you ain’t for-
gettin’ that to-morrow’s Christmas.,
eh?”

  “Same as you. Thought I’d fan it
over to town and see some friends. I
got friends in Perral.”

  “So? Well, you need ’em—every-
where.”

  Simms jerked his pony back. Red
Jack Summers also pulled up. The
men faced each other. Red smiled.
“Go get it! I’ll allow to give you time
to get your gun loose, and then I’ll get
you—and you know it.”

  Simms blinked as Red pulled tobacco
and papers from his pocket and rolled
a cigarette—with his right hand. This
was an open challenge, and an insult.
But Simms knew his man. He reined
round and spurred his horse.

  “Hey, Simmy! To-morrow’s Christ-
mas. What’s your hurry?”

  Red’s voice was jovial, his face se-
rene. “And that’s the answer,” he said,
as the Bar-O rider swung his quirt.
“He allows to get me some day—and
he gets a lovely chance right here. But
he goes and gets mad—which is plumb
wrong for a gunman. And now he’s
takin’ it out on that hoss of his. Funny
how some folks got to get mad afore
they can kill.”

  The Bar-O rider glanced back. Over-
land made no attempt to overtake him,
but rode at an easy lope until Simms’
pony was a dancing dot on the horizon.

That Simms would be first to greet
Bonita troubled Red not a bit. “Like
takin’ a chaser afore the drink,” he
told his pony. “Simmy is the chaser
7Rp

this trip—and the real thing, which is
me, comes later.”

  As the hills grew bolder, Red no-
ticed that the northern sky was over-
cast—yellowish-gray where it had been
clear blue. He nodded to himself and
urged his pony.

  Noon found him munching cold meat
and bread. The horse, unsaddled and
dragging a rope, nibbled at the bunch
grass. Red determined to give his
horse every chance. There was a new
sheriff in Perral, and Red had yet to
learn just what kind of man the new
sheriff was.

  The sun burned down to the west-
ern hills. The pony quickened its
stride as the town loomed through the
afterglow of sunset. A turn in the
road, and Red saw Simms’ horse tied
to the hitching rail of the Shell-out
Saloon. He rode past, glancing at the
swing doors. At the livery stable he
dismounted and fed and watered his
pony himself. Then he left him, sad-
dled and bridled* clinked across the
street, and entered the sheriff’s office
breezily. To-morrow would be Christ-
mas Day. Red earnestly desired to
keep the peace that he might fully enjoy
the society of the velvet-eyed Bonita.
There would be feasting and dancing.
Then he wished to ask a momentous
question of the girl, and, despite his
fondness for excitement, he did not
wish to celebrate his proposal with un-
necessary vehemence. “Christmas ain’t
the Fourth of July nohow,” he told
himself.

  The sheriff greeted him, stepped to
a back room and brought out a bottle
and glasses. Overland grinned. Evi-
dently this new sheriff was a man of
sense and' sympathy.

  “Well, just one—for luck,” said
Overland, tipping his glass. “And, say,
sheriff, what’s the prospects of my
strollin’ around this here sky town
without havin’ trouble? Reckon you
know how things set here with me.”
98

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

  “Glad you spoke of it, Summers.”

  “I reckon Simms has been talkin’.”
“Yes, he rode in a few hours back.
Tells me I could expect you. He’s talk-
in’ now, over to the Shell Out. He’s
mentionin’ your name frequent.”'
“Uh-uh? Well, I’m right sorry.”
“So am I. To-morrow’s Christmas.
What do you say to leavin’ your guns
with me?”

 Overland pondered. Finally he
spoke: “Nope, sheriff, it can’t be did.
'Cause why? Well, folks would say I
was dodgin’ chances. But I’ll hang ’em
up with you if you’ll get Simmy to do
likewise.”

  “Simms is drunk. If you say the
word, I’ll jug him.”

  “Nope, I don’t say her. I come
peaceful and not wantin’ trouble. But
I ain’t hidin’ out.”

  The sheriff, a much older man than
Red, smiled knowingly. He appre-
ciated the other’s attitude; knew him
for a man of absolute courage; and,
moreover, the name of Bonita, min-
gled with the town gossip of both
Simms and Red Summers, influenced
the sheriff to use all the tact he pos-
sessed in keeping the men separated.
He knew that Red had enemies in town,
and few friends. He surmised that in
the event of a quarrel Simms would
have many partisans eager for an ex-
cuse to kill the two-gun man. He knew
also that Red Summers would exact a
heavy toll before he was finally sub-
dued or killed. “The dance tunes up
at eight,” he said suddenly.

  “All right, sheriff. I’ll sure turn
these here over to you afore I hit the
floor.” And he touched his holsters.
“I’ll be ramblin’ down to the Shell Out.
Nope! Thanks, but I ain’t drinkin’—-
this journey.”

  Sheriff Scott watched the young man
swing down the road and enter the sa-
loon. Then Scott rose, and, stepping
out, locked the door of his office. He
hesitated, glancing up and down the

street. Then . he trudged toward the
western end of the town, where the
Mexican adobes lay dotted against the
hillside.

  He entered Bonita’s home and asked
to see her. She came, radiant, smil-
ing, but her smile faded as she recog-
nized the sheriff. Scott, toying with
his sombrero, spoke to her in Mexican.
It required all the resources of his lim-
ited vocabulary to explain the situa-
tion to her—and especially his respon-
sibility. Bonita, naturally flattered by
his appeal, was at first inclined to make
light of the matter. But the sturdy sin-
cerity of the sheriff finally won her to
consider his plan. Watching her eyes,
he launched his final argument: “If
they mix, senorita, they’ll sure be two
funerals—puttin’ it mild. And you
can save ’em both”—and he laughed
—“and take your choice later. I reckon
a live husband is better than a dead
lover, any time or place. Mebby they’ll
be a dance over to the Encinetas to-
morrow.”

  Bonita laughed. “Si! My cousin,
he make the grand baile. I go!”

  Scott wiped his forehead. The ses-
sion had been warm, from his side of
it. He sighed heavily as he rose. With
Bonita absent at the Encinetas Rancho,
Christmas in Perral might still be a
day of unruffled gayety. And Bonita’s
mo’st natural coquetry led her to hasten
that she might arrive at her cousin’s
rancho in time for the Christmas jol-
lity.

 Red Jack Summers had sense
enough to know that he acted rashly
in entering the Shell-out Saloon. But
that peculiar pride of the man who
packs two guns would not let him do
otherwise. In Arizona, in those days,
one gun was as much a part of a
man’s habiliments as his hat. Two
guns, however, were a silent and open
challenge. They advertised the gun-
man, even as the battered ears adver-
tise the pugilist.
‘BONITA

99

 Simms was at the bar when Red
entered. It is an almost invariable rule
that a contemplated challenge between
men of the outlands is preceded by an
invitation to drink. Red, being the
later arrival, was invited by Simms to
have something. He declined the bot-
tle pushed toward him, but accepted a
cigar. The crowd in the room were
most naturally surprised. The accept-
ance of a cigaf under the circumstances
was significant. The gunman was not
taking any chances. Simms argued
that Red was afraid to drink. This
idea grew as he consumed more liquor.
Overland chatted with the townsmen
and ranchers and ignored Simms, who
stuck close to the bar. Presently the
Bar-O man stepped up. to Red, whose
back was turned, and touched his
shoulder. Red turned slowly, smiling.
Simms stiffened. “Want to sell that
cayuse of yourn?” he queried.

  “Nope. I got use for him.”

  “Oh, all right. I was lookin’ for a
plumb gentle hoss to give to a lady—>
one what is old and safe.”

  “Uh-uh! Well, that’s the kind of
a lady to give a hoss to, Simmy. He’d
sure git used right.”

  The bartender, from his vantage
ground of safety, laughed. Several
spectators wanted to laugh, but re-
frained. Simms scowled. ,“You kin
talk better with your mouth than you
kin with yore, hands, hombre.”

  Overland ignored the animus of this
arid impeachment. He turned and
asked the assembled company to name
their individual tastes. Their tastes
were peculiarly similar, Again Red
took a cigar. Then, with deliberate
movement, he unbuckled his guns and
passed them oVer the bar. “I come
peaceful,” he said, and, turning, strode
from the saloon.

  “He’s shore tied Simmy’s hands,”
said a lounger to a companion.

  “Which is luck for Simms,” was the
retort.

  Red strolled down the street, entered
the stable, and secured his gift for
Bonita. He passed on down to the
end of the town and stopped at an
adobe. The door was opened by a
plump Mexican woman, who greeted
him cordially. He entered and glanced
round. Evidently Bonita was attiring
herself for the dance. She was not
there to welcome him. The Mexican
woman made coffee and tortillas. Red
maintained a questioning silence as he
ate. Then he rolled a cigarette and
gave his parcel to the senora. “For
Bonita,” he said.

  “Si, senor. Bonita, she mak’ pasear
le tiempo to zat—what you say—Enci-
netas Rancho. Beeg dance, senor. She
ees com’ back poco tiempo—manana.
Si.”

  “So? Muchas gracias, senora. I
reckon I’ll fan it over that way. Simms
and me was expectin’ to go—but I
don’t see him around here.”

  “He ess come—and he go.”

  “Oh, so he sized up the layout?
Well, adios, senora. See you later.”
Red departed. His genial smile was
gone. His stride quickened as he
neared the Shell Out. Pushing through
the swing doors, he asked for his guns.
Simms, half drunk, laughed. “Gettin’
his nerve back,” he remarked.

  Red heard, and the bronze of his
cheeks deepened. He buckled on his
guns and -walked up to Simms. Those
leaning along the bar moved away
gently. “I’m givin’ you one more
chanct, Simmy,” he said, and, turning
his back square on the other, marched
out.

  The trail to the Encinetas Rancho
lay north of the town along the foot-
hills. Red rode at a lope, occasionally
disciplining the active pinto, who
seemed disposed to swing toward the
home trail. A star pricked the velvet
wall of the night—then another and
another. A faint breeze out of the
north fluttered the scarf at Red’s
100

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

throat. He knew that Bonita’s cousin
lived at the Encinetas, and the thought
did not please him. The cousin was a
lithe, handsome Mexican, known as a
good rider and a man of courage. The
Encinetas Rancho was a well-to-do
homestead. Aside from the horse he
rode and the guns he packed, Red pos-
sessed nothing save a reputation. His
reputatien varied as an earning power
according to the peace or stress of the
times and his habitat. He had often
pictured Bonita as the angel of a peace-
ful existence wherein figured a home-
stead and cattle of his own. He be-
lieved that with her as his woman, his
days of wandering would cease. Yet
when free from her presence, her vi-
vacity, and dusky beauty, he had mis-
givings. He was yet too young to
thoroughly know himself—a veritable
Ulysses of the outlands, seeking ad-
venture and excitement as a subcon-
scious outlet for his vigorous vitality
and his love for the romance which he
lived, yet knew it not.

  Such thoughts as these occupied him
as he rode. The breeze increased to a
low-voiced wind that spun stray clumps
of tumbleweed across his trail. The
air grew chill—indeed, too chill for the
season. Slowly the light of the stars
dimmed as a yellowish haze blanketed
the north. A cold, keen flake settled
on his cheek. He brushed it away,
gazing at the sky. Again he felt the
sting of a snowflake, and another and
another. A mile farther, and he shook
a tiny rift of snow from a crease in
his gauntlet. Around and about him
the earth grew gray and then blank
white.

  Suddenly he reined up and glanced
back. He could see nothing; but his
horse sniffed the thin air and rolled a
startled eye. From behind him came
the muffled pound of a running horse.
He drew his pony across the trail and
waited. Gazing back into the night,
he fumbled with his gloves. When the

dim outline of a raider appeared, Red
was barehanded. Even as the running
horse swerved and passed him, he
knew that it was Simms, although the
other bent low in the saddle, heading
into the storm like a running moose,
looking neither to the right nor left.

  “But he sure seen me,” said Red.
“And he’s sure aimin’ to kill that good
hoss of hisn.”

  That Simms had passed him did not
bother Red in the least. But the fact
that he had ignored him in passing
wrought upon his slow-burning hatred
for the other. He drew on his gaunt-
lets and spoke to his horse. “Looks
like I got to do it,” he murmured.
“And to-morrow is Christmas.”

  The idea of turning back never oc-
curred to him. He felt so absolutely
sure that Bonita was his for the ask-
ing that Simms seemed rather more of
a joke than otherwise. He was filled
with that perilous optimism of men of
his type, masterful, courageous to a
fault, and buoyed up by the natural
egoism of abundant health.

  Through the glimmer of snow came
the slow sun. He knew that he must
be close to the Encinetas.

  Against the hills, in an arroyo, stood
the ranch buildings, strange in their
blanket of white. Even as Red shook
off the numbness of the night’s ride,
he beheld two figures coming tow7ard
him. He reined up. It was Simms
and the girl. Red’s face went white,
and then flamed. Huddled on her
pony, Bonita rode close to Simms. As
they neared the solitary horseman, she
put her hand on Simms’ arm. He
turned to her and laughed, jerking his
thumb toward Red.

  Like a statue, Red sat his horse, gaz-
ing at them. They passed him, neither
glancing his way. He reined his horse
toward the rancho, rode up, and dis-
mounted. Despite the bitterness in his
heart, he had a thought for the pony,
which he fed and watered. Then he
<B0NITA

IOI

knocked at the door and was admitted
by Bonita’s cousin.

  The dance was over. Wickcr-cov-
ered wine jugs littered the room. Here
lay a sombrero, and here a quirt, or
gun. The cousin greeted him unstead-
ily, gestured toward the table, and,
throwing out his hands as though to
explain his inability to entertain, sham-
bled to a bedroom. Red surveyed the
premises thoughtfully, nodded, and
helped himself to wine.

  Simms was asleep in the adobe in
Perrai when Red returned to that town.
It was the day after Christmas. The
streets were deserted. Puddles of
melted snow lay in the hollows of the
road. The air was keen with the tang
of the northern hills. Tying his horse
at the Shell Out, Red marched up the
street. As he passed the sheriff’s of-
fice, the sheriff nodded from the win-
dow, rose, and came out. “Goin’ back
home?” he asked pleasantly.

  “Yep. But I got some business here
first.”

  “They’re married,” said the sheriff.

  Red nodded. The sheriff scratched
his head as the other passed on down
the street. “I reckon he don’t kill a
married man,” he muttered.

  Bonita saw Red coming, and she
awakened Simms, who sat up and ran
his fingers through his rumpled hair.
She gestured toward a back room, but
Simms shook his head. “It’s got to
come—and I got to see it through,” he
said, reaching for his gun and jerking
it from the holster. “Lemme do the
talkin’.”

  The girl clung to him. He shook
her off and strode to the door as Red
knocked.

  “Mornin’, folks,” said Red genially.
“I heard the glad news, and I comes
to congratulate the lady.”

  Simms gazed with blurred eyes at
the rugged form before him. “Got a
present,” said Red; and, thrusting

Simms aside, he entered the room. The
senora, standing in the bedroom door-
way, began to. chatter in Mexican. Red
waved her a greeting and asked for
his parcel. She brought it timidly.
“For you,” said Red, and he untied the
package and presented the gay silken
shawl to Bonita. “And here’s hopin’
you’ll have all the good luck to spare.”
Then he turned to Simms. “H om-
bre, I could ’a’ killed you twict and '
got away with it easy. Folks here
knows you give me plenty excuse. But

somethin’-”

  Bonita, to the surprise of those pres-
ent, suddenly buried her face in her
hands and sobbed.

  “Cheer up, lady. It might be worse.

I was mistook—that’s all.”

  And he turned and passed through
the low doorway. The girl ran to the
door. “Jack! Jack!”'she called. But
he strode on, head up and eyes fixed
on the east.

  She turned on Simms. “You say to
me he was drunk—in thees Perral—dat

he don’ come-”

  “That’s all right, Bonita. I got you.”

  As Overland Red reached for the
reins of his pony, a mist blurred his
eyes. Slowly the pony faded and he
was facing the little country post office
of Moonstone. Av thin film of snow
lay on the ground. The postmaster,
glancing up, came to the door.
“Howdy, Mr. Summers! Got a skid
of mail for you. What do you know
about snow in this country?”

  Overland grinned. “Thought I felt
a change in the canon. First snow I
ever seen this far down the hills.”

 The postmaster nodded. As Red
shook the snow from his gloves and
swung off his horse, a squat figure
wrapped in a faded serape passed him
and entered the post office. The post-
master followed her in. Overland sat
gazing at the doorway. When the
woman came out, he noticed that artrnnd
102

THE cPO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

her thick neck was twisted the faded
strands of a once brilliant scarlet-and-
black shawl. He stiffened and brushed
his hand across his eyes. Then he dis-
mounted and swung into the post office.
A bulk of letters and parcels occupied
his attention as he sorted and arranged
them. Presently he glanced up. “Who
was the Chola woman what just left?”
“Her? Oh, that’s the wife of the
new section foreman. Come in to get
some grub for Christmas. Broke, and
asking for credit, but I hear her man
is no good. Some says he used to
punch cattle over in Arizona before he
come here. Liquor has got him, I take
it.”

  “Uh-uh! What’s his name?”
  “Simms.”

  “Any family?”

  “Ain’t his woman enough family?
Yep, got a whole string of kids from
knee high to man size. Whole outfit’s
no good, from what I see.”

 “So? Wanted grub—for Christ-
mas, eh?”

  “Yep. I’d like to trust ’em, but you
know how it is.”

 Overland nodded thoughtfully.
“Yes, I know. I been broke myself.
Just put up, say, ten of sugar, ten of
apricots, a sack of flour, side of bacon,
couple of cans of bakin’ powder, two
bits’ worth of chilis, a couple pounds
of butter, five pounds of them fancy

cookies-”

  “Yes, sir. And what else?”

  “Oh, tie the stuff up in one of them
there red blankets. When you git it
roped, send it over to the section boss
with the compliments of Jack Sum-
mers. Or—hold on! Send it over to
Mrs. Simms, same way.”

  “Yes, Mr. Summers. Is that all?”
“Let’s see. You might put up a
couple of pounds of candy for the kids.
That’s all.”

  The postmaster smiled. “Always
heard that the old-timers was the
freest-handed gents a-going. I guess

this stuff will come handy. But I guess
that ole Chola dame ain’t starving.
She’s as big as a box car, just rolling
in fat—and that homely!”

  “That what?”

 “Er—homely. Didn’t you see-”

  “Never mind that. And lemme tell
you somethin’: Don’t get to judgin’
folks by what you see outside. What
folks is is sometimes a long ride from
what they was. And just to make it
interestin’ and Christmaslike, put up,
pound for pound, another order of
stuff like I said—and charge it to your-
self.”

  “For them?”

  “For them. It’ll do you good. It
done me good already. And lemme tell
you—it ain’t like it used to be in the
ole days. But if you want to do busi-
ness with the Moonstone Rancho right
regular, don’t go to speakin’ careless
about anything wearin’ skirts. Sabe?”

 “I-- Why—are they friends of

yours ?”

  “Nope—neither of ’em. But this
here snow kind of set me to thinkin’.
No use talkin’, but a touch of snow
puts some edge to that Christmas feel-
in’. Go out and make a few snowballs
and throw ’em at yourself, compadre.”
The postmaster laughed nervously.
“All right, Mr. Summers. And I’ll say
the stuff is from you?”

  “Well—hold on ! You needn’t to say
it’s from anybody. Just see that they
git it—pronto !”

  “And ain’t I the ole fool?” queried
Overland of himself, as he rode home-
ward. “I come dost to gettin’ mad
when I made Jones ante up—but it
won’t hurt him any. Reckon it was
the scarf that done it. And that used
to be Bonita. Gosh-a-mighty, but the
other fella what is watchin’ inside sure
knows his business! If I had the nerve
to think that the old Marster takes any
notice of us humans a little bit, I’d say
the other fella was Him. I dunno.”
It’s Bad Luck

By H. C. Witwer
Author of “Pretty Soft, ” “ Once Too Often, ” Etc.

44Any time you dump over the salt you want to make that a perfect day! You
want to get to the office in time, have both ears wide open when the boss calls*
pass op the pinochle tourney at the corner ale parlor, and stay in with the wife

SAY! Did you ever see a guy in
a restaurant stop packin’ in the
eats for a minute, look around
like he was figurin’ on runnin’
out on the waiter, and then flip some-
thin’ over his left shoulder?

  Know what he was doin’? He was
hurlin’ a little salt over his south arm
because he’d just spilled some of it on
the tablecloth!

  What d’ye mean he’s nutty ? He’s
caref ul, that’s all!

  Listen! Any time you dump over
the salt you want to make that a per-
fect day. You want to get to the office
on time, have both ears wide open when
the boss calls, pass up the pinochle
tourney at the corner ale parlor, and
stay in with the wife! You know, ever
since Cain and Abel got in that melee
over a dame or the box score or what-
ever it was—spillin’ salt has been bad
luck. It means before the day is over
somebody is goin’ to speak harshly to
you.

  I’ll lay seven to ten right now that’s
what started the fracas in Europe. One
of them king guys probably knocked
over the salt shaker while he was tryin’
to reach across the table in front of
his wife for the mustard—and zowie!
They’re off!

  I ain’t exactly what you could call
superstitious. Of course I know that
findin’ a pin is good luck and laughin’
in a graveyard is bad, cornin’ back for

 somethin’ you forgot is disappointment
 and an itchin’ hand’s a sign of money.
 I believe in them things like everybody
 else does because I never seen none of
 them signs fail. Know what I mean ?
 They’re right in there hittin’ one thou-
 sand in the old sure-thing league all
 day long. And then there’s a few more
 like openin’ an umbrella in the house,
 gettin’ out of bed on the left side,
 laughin’ before breakfast, and puttin’
 on the left shoe first. You can always
 figure that them things means bad luck
 is cornin’ to spend the week-end with
 you.

   But, as I say, I ain’t superstitious.

’Know what I mean? I don’t believe
in dreams or nothin’ like that—unless
I dream of fire, and of course that
means hasty news, or if I dream of
bein’ bit by a snake it’s a cinch some
friend is goin’ .to stick one over on me
—and there’s a few others. But, you
know, they’re the real thing—none of
that superstition stuff; get me ?

   I been lookin’ after box fighters for
 a long time—there’s only one guy I
 know that’s been in the game any
 longer, and he’s the bird I’m goin’ to
 tell you about. I think he was in
 David’s corner when the boy knocked
 out that big bruiser, Goliath. If you
 get this guy when he’s right and ask
 him, he’ll admit it. When I knew him,
 though, he was a fighter and a good
 one at that; if he hadn’t been I wouldn’t
104

THE tPOPULACR MAGAZINE

have known him. I handled him for
about a year, and durin’ that time I
got the full course on this superstition
thing.

  He was old Steve H. Superstition
himself, that guy was. Every little
thing that happened had a special
meanin’ to him; yes, and if nothin’ hap-
pened, that meant somethin’, too. You
couldn’t stop this guy when it come to
believin' in signs; he knew ’em all and
he lived by ’em. Of course he was just
a poor, ignorant simp, because every-
body knows there’s nothin’ to that stuff.
Unless like now laughin’ in a graveyard
and whistlin’ in a theater, which, of
course, is bad luck. But I never fell
for this superstition thing myself.

  I’m goin’ to call this fellow Kid
Worth, because he’s still around the
corners here, and what’s the use of
knockin’ ? Anyhow, a name don’t mean
nothin’, unless it happens to have thir-
teen letters in it, and that’s bad-

But to get back to this superstition
thing. I ran across the Kid out in
Denver. I won’t tell you what year
it was, because as long as I can hide
my age what’s the use of me makin’
you think I was on hand at the Battle
of Gettysburg? Now, the Kid is dif-
ferent; he likes to seem'old. He’s'the
funniest guy I ever met. He’d sooner
be called pop than handsome, and when
people ask him is it true Washington
carried a cane and does he remember
in which hand, he throws out his chest
like a department-store carriage caller.

  The day I met him we fought a one-
round quarrel in our citizens’ clothes
and on the main promenade of Denver.
It was stopped by the police after I
had outpointed him a mile. On the
level, when the traffic cop run up I
had the Kid holdin’ on and lookin’
around for a referee so he could claim
a foul and have the thing ended.

  The brawl started like this: I’m
walkin’ down the street in one of them
rainstorms - that make you think the

angels is stagin’ a swimmin’ tourney
and somebody has ripped the plumbin’
out of the sky for a joke. The water
is cornin’ down in seventy-gallon lots,
and there’s a wind blowin’ that makes
it some trick to keep on your feet. I’m
there with an umbrella, and I’m try in’
to stop it from becomin’ a cane as the
breeze is twistin’ the cloth away from
the framework. I’m gettin’ the breaks
and holdin’ it together for about three
blocks when I see a guy come through
the doors of a restaurant like he’s goin’
for a doctor. He was a good, speedy
guy, but the waiter probably thought
he was holdin’ back, because he sprinted
up behind him and drop-kicked him
into the gutter.

  I walk over to the victim and help
pull him to his feet, gettin’ practically
no help from him. He was short and
chunky, and looked more like a
drowned rat than anything else.

  “What was that guy tryin’ for—a
field goal?” I asks him, noddin’ back
to the restaurant.

  He looks at me, and says, down in
his shoes somewheres, speakin’ confi-
dential to himself:

  “I never seen it fail!”

  “Never seen wrhat fail?” I inquires.
Instead of answerin’ me, he takes a
flash at the sky, and remarks:

  “I knew it would happen!”

  “That makes you win your bet, then,
don’t it?” I says, thinkin’ I’ll fall right
in with him and be as nutty as he is.

  Then he seems to realize he ain’t
alone. He looks me over very careful,
like he was goin’ to buy me or some-
thin’, and then he edges in under the
umbrella.

  “I guess you think I’m crazy,” he
begins, winnin’ his guess. “But you
look like a regular guy, so I’ll give you
the works. D’ye know why I got eased
out of that joint just now? I spilled
some salt!”

  “Did you spill it all?” I says.

  “Wait a minute!” he interrupts.
IT’S	LUCK

105

“There ain’t no laughs in this. You
know what .spillin’ salt means, don’t
you?”

  “I never been in that beanery my-
self/’ I says, “but-”

  “I see,” he butts in again. “You
don’t know nothin’; that is, nothin’
about the different signs. It’s probably
a good thing you met me at that. When-
ever you accidentally spill salt it means
you’re goin’ to have a fight.”

  “What kind of a joint is that?” I
says, lookin’ back at the restaurant.

“Who-”

  ‘‘Will you let me tell this?” he breaks

in.

  “Shoot!” I tells him. “Let me have
it. But let’s get away from the wet.
Get under no more than half of this
umbrella, and I’ll take you to my hotel.
I got some old scenery up there that
might fit you in places. Or would you
like to go back and finish that lover’s
quarrel you and that waiter had ?”
“No,” he says, cornin’ in out of the
rain and shakin’ the water off his coat.
“No—I don’t want no part of that
waiter! He ain’t to blame, anyhow;
he couldn’t help doin’ what he did. I
started it by spillin’ that salt.”

  “What do they do to you in there,”
I asks him, “if you tip over the sugar
—shoot you?”

  “Nope,” he jcome back, as serious as
a life-insurance doctor. “Sugar don’t
mean nothin’. But salt does. Any time
you spill salt you’re goin’ to have a
fight, unless”—he stops right in the rain
and points his finger at me—“unless you
throw some over your left shoulder
right away.”

  “Suppose,” I asks him, “suppose, in-
stead of spillin’ salt, you drop a little
beef stew on the floor by mistake. D’ye
let some of that go over your left shoul-
der, too?”

  “You better let me tell you this,” he
says; “it’ll do you a lot of good. I’m
in that joint, eatin’ a steak, see? Well,
a swell-lookin’ dame breezes in and

  draws a position right across from me.
Honest, she was a knock-out, and nat-
urally I’m gettin’ an eyeful. I’m puttin’
some salt on the meat just as I turn
around, and, instead of hittin’ the plate,
I let a few grains go on the floor. You
can figure how I felt when I seen that.
I knew right away I’m goin’ to get into
some kind of a jam before the meal is
over. Of course the only thing to do
then was to throw some salt over my
left shoulder to stop the cornin’ mix-up.
So I pick up the little trick bottle they
got this stuff in and shake it over my
left shoulder just as the‘waiter is passin’
the table. He was a tramp at duckin’,
and some »f it hit him in the eye.”
“D’ye mean to tell me,” I says, “that
guy thro wed you out on ypur ear just
because a little^salt hit him?”

  “Well, you see,” he explains, “when
the salt hit him it was in the shaker! I
had got a little butter on my thumb, and
the thing slipped. This bottle was
heavy, and when it took him in the eye
he went down and for a minute he was
as cold as a winter mornin’. When he
comes to life he makes a rally, and—
well, you saw where I finished.”

  I’m still laughin’ at this when we turn
a corner and come to a store with a
big awnin’ in front of it, and there’s a
lot of citizens standin’ there out of the
rain. The Kid grabs my arm and stops
me just as we’re goin’ past.

  “Put that umbrella down!” he says.
“Don’t you know you can’t go under
an awnin’ with an umbrella up?”

  “Why not?” I asks him.

  “I’ll bet your first name is Stupid,”
he says, “and I know why they called
you that, too. Don’t you know that
raisin’ an umbrella under an awnin’ is
a certain sign of disappointment?”
“Oh, lay off that stuff!” I comes
back, gettin’ sore. “Your salt story was
all right, but the umbrella thing is more
than I can take. Come on !”

  With that I grab him by the collar
and shove him along under the awnin’.
106

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

He makes a wild grab for the catch oil
the umbrella, so’s he can lower the
thing, and misses it; but he don’t miss
me! I got it on the nose, and went
back on my heels. That was enough
for me—to think that this guy would
slam me after I rescued him! So, with-
out waitin’ for him to figure out any-
thing else that was bad luck, I crossed
my right on his chin.

  I guess the waiter and him must have
belonged to the same lodge at that, be-
cause he let the biscuit shooter bounce
him without a come-back. But writh me
it’s different. He puts his head down
and comes in with both hands. I drop
the umbrella, and in a minute we were
slammin' each other to a fare-you-well.
The bunch that was standin’ under the
awnin’, out of the rain, lost interest in
the weather and crowded around to
watch the battle. The Kid’s defense
was about like Belgium’s, and in a
couple of minutes I was hittin’ him
every place that showed and it looked
like I would make him quit in a round.
I uppercut him, and he goes down on
his knees, and then somebody that prob-
ably was bettin’ he would stay the limit
runs for a cop. When the gendarme
comes up the Kid is takin’ a long count
and a guy in back of him is callin’ him
a yellow dog in one breath and pleadin’
with him to get up and mix it in the
next. I heard afterward he lost a buck
on the Kid.

  The cop looks us over and decides to
take us both to the cooler for stagin’
a mill without a license, and in another
few minutes we’re in one of them little
trick jitney patrols, on our merry way
to what looks like six months’ hard,
indoor trainin’.

  The Kid is siftin' away up in front
on the wagon; I’m next to him, and
there’s the cop on the end. We ain’t
got even a prospect of gettin’ away.
While I’m thinkin’ up some new jokes
to tell the sergeant, so’s I can get to a
telephone and try for some bail when

  this joy ride winds up, the Kid jumps
up all of a sudden, dives past me, and
over the cop’s legs. This here constable
knew more than what was the capital
of the United States because, without
even leavin’ his seat, he winds up and
lets his club go at the Kid. He put a
lot of stuff on that slice of wood, and
I never seen no better control in my
life—he was certainly in mid-season
form. The club takes the Kid on the
back as he straightens up, and down
he goes again. It was the third time
he had taken a dive that mornin’; he
reminded me of a seal.

  The cop reaches over and picks the
Kid up.

  “I telephoned in to the sergeant,” he
remarks, slammin’ him into the seat,
“that I'm bringin’ down two guys.
That’s how many I’m goin’ to have
when I get there. Do you make me ?
If you or this other tramp try any more
get-aways, I’ll bend a gun over your
bean!”

  I eased back farther in my seat.

  “Old pal,” I says to the cop, “I ain’t
a quitter. No matter what this guy
does you can count on me to stick to
the party to the last bell.”

  The Kid looks up and snarls at the
cop:

  “Take your hands off me, will you!
I ain’t tryin’ to leave; I.seen a pin on
the floor of the wagon, and I picked it
up. That’s the first good luck I had
in a week, and I ain’t goin’ to let it get
away from me.”

  “What d’ye mean good luck?” says
the cop.

  The Kid looks at me as much as to
say: “Get this poor, ignorant boob!

  “Why, you poor simp !” he sneers at
the cop. “Listen! ‘See a pin and pick
it up and all that day you’ll have good
luck.’ ”

  That was too much for me.

  “Ha! Ha!” I hollers. “Here’s the
next verse: If you spill salt, don’t stop
to cry, but pop the waiter in the eye!”
IT'S	LUCK

107

  “What are you guys ?” the cop wants
to know. “Nutty?”

  “You may think it’s funny,” says the
Kid, siftin' back in his seat and turnin’
to me, “but if you hadn’t put that um-
brella up under the awnin’ we wouldn’t
be in this jam.”

  “Well, we’re in it all right,” I an-
swers, as the wagon draws up outside'
the local Bastile, “and I hope that pin
you found is goin’ good to-day, because
if that’s good luck we’re goin’ to need
it.”

  When we^get inside, the copper leads
us through four halls, six rooms, and
down a couple of stairways.

  “Where are we goin’ now, captain?”
I asks the cop, as he keeps on weavin’
through this mystic maze and draggin’
us after him,

  “To see the sergeant,” he says.

  “Has he got much of a start on us?”
pipes the Kid, puffin’ up another stair-
way.

  “You better save that comedy for
the warden,” says the cop. “I don’t
think you’ll be so noisy after a few
weeks in the coop.”

  “I don’t see no cells here,” the Kid
whispers to me.

  “They don’t need none,” I says, “be-
cause once you get inside here you
might as well have drawed life from
the judge. If a pitcher had the twists
and curves this place has, the club
owners would be fightin’ for him in the
streets. I’ll bet the painters that fixed
this joint up when it was built is still
wanderin’ around here lookin’ for an
out.”

  Further discussion, as we say at the
hotel, was cut off by us bein’ finally
dragged in before friend sergeant. This
guy was sittin’ at a desk that looked
more like an altar than anything else.
There was a candle at each end, with
a green globe over it, and a plate of
flowers in the middle. The sergeant
was there with a foot or so of hair on
his chin instead of his head, and I’ll

bet he was breakin’ up kids’ crap games
at the inauguration of Washington. He
looks at us while the cop leans over
the trick desk and ruins our reputations,
and, from the sergeant’s face, that cop-
per must have claimed we burned the
orphan asylum. Finally he motions for
me to step to the rail.

  “Slip me that pin,” I whispers to the
Kid; “it may get us off with ten years.”
“It won’t do you no good,” he whis-
pers back, shakin’ his head, “because
I found it. You got to find your own
pin.”

  “But I can’t go lookin’ for one now,”
I shot in his ear, while the sergeant is
rappin’ for me to come hither, as they

say. “Hurry up and-”

  “You don’t never want to look for
one,” he comes back. “You got to find
it accidental or it’s no good.”

  I would have slammed him then and
there, but that’s what they had pinched
us for, so I laid off and stepped up
before the sergeant. Before he could
get set I had cut loose with the first
page of a plea that would have took
the boys out of the trenches, as Henry
Ford says. I guess it was because we
had the pin in the party, because, after
he had bawled us both out, the sergeant
turns us loose. The cop looked like
his flat had just burned up; I never
seen anybody so sore on another guy
for bein’ a success as that copper was
on me.

  The pin is still workin’ good, and we
luck our way back through them rooms
and halls, and pretty soon we’re outside
in the rain again. Then I find out I
have left the umbrella leanin’ up against
the sergeant’s throne.

  “Wait a minute!” I tells the Kid.
<‘I,11 be right back.”

  He grabs me by the shoulders.
  “Where are you goin’ ?” he says.

  “I left the umbrella in there,” I an-
swers, “and I’m goin’ back to get it.
I’ll bet the sergeant and his trained cop
are matchin’ pennies for it now.”
108

THE cPOcPULA<R MAGAZINE

  “You’re goin’ back!” yells the Kid,
glarin’ at me. “What’s the matter with'
you? Don’t you know that to go back
after you started from a place is sure
disappointment ?”

  “Say! Look here, friend,” I says, “I
don’t want to go to the mat with you
no more to-day, but if you don’t stop

spoilin’ my afternoon I-”

  “I don’t know how you been gettin’
by since they dropped you from school,”
he butts in, like he’s disgusted with
me, “for you are about the most stupid
guy I ever saw. You seen what took
place when I spilled that salt, you no-
ticed what happened when you put that
umbrella up under the awnin’, and you
watched that pin I found keep us from
bein’ railroaded to jail. Yet you want
to go back after that umbrella when
you know it means we’ll have more
bad luck.”

  “Well, what’s the matter with your
pin now?” I says, tryin’ to humor him.
“What’s the matter with that? Has

it laid down on you or-”

“Never mind about the pin,” he shuts
me off; “that’s got to last'us all day.”
“Fine!” I comes back. “Gimme it
and I’ll hold it in my hand while I’m
askin’ for the umbrella.”

  He don’t say nothin’ for a minute,
but stands there frownin’ in the rain.
Then he says, kinda slow and doubtful,
like he’s givin’ himself the worst of it:
“It might work at that; go ahead, take
a chance. But be careful and don’t pass
between two people on the way in or
you’ll jinx us for fair.”

  Say! He passed over that pin like
it was set with four-carat diamonds!

  I got the umbrella all right, and when
I come out again the Kid is standin’,
with his eyes shut, mumblin’ to him-
self, and people are bumpin’ into him
and apologizing thinkin’ him blind.

  “What’s the matter now?” I asks
him, when he don’t pay no attention to
me. “Have you got somethin’ in your
eye?”

  He shakes his head quick for me to

keep quiet. Seein’ his lips movin’, I
lean over and hear: “Ninety-six, nine-
ty-seven, ninety-eight, ninety-nine, a
hundred.”

  Then he opens his eyes.

  “I just seen a load of hay pass while
you was in there,” he explains, “so of
course I had to count a hundred and
make a wish.”

  “What did you wish?” I says. “That
you wasn’t crazy ?”

  “I wished I could get a fight in this
town; that’s what I wished,” he says,
“although I shouldn’t have told you.
I’m liable not to get it now.”

  “You wished you could get a fight!”
I yells. “What d’ye mean you wished?
You ain’t got no kick cornin’ so far
to-day, have you ? As far as I’ve seen
that’s all about all you’ve done. You’re
what they call a glutton for punishment,
ain’t you?”

  “As usual,” he says, “you don’t get
me at all. I might as well tell you
now that I’m the lightweight champion
of Redville, North Dakota. Some day
I’m gonna be lightweight champion of
the world and points north. I come
on here to get a fight, and my manager
run out on me. He got sore because I
wouldn’t fight a guy that was the sev-
enth son of a seventh son. Y"ou know
what a chance you got of beatin’ them
guys, don’t you?”

  “I don’t blame your manager for
leavin’ you flat,” I tells him. “He’s
probably gone to look for some pins,
and he’s afraid to come back after
he started because it’s disappointment.
Now listen to me i I guess that pin
you found is in there tryin’ at that, be-
cause I happen to be a manager. There
is just an outside chance that we can
both have some good luck. If I get
you a fight, will you be ready to box
whoever I sign you with?”

  “If you don’t do it on a Friday,
yes,” he says. “I never start nothin'
on Friday because it’s bad-”
IT’S	LUCK

109

  “All right,” I shuts him off. “Come
on up to the hotel and we’ll fix up a
contract.”

  We don’t pass no more awnin’s on
the way to the hotel, and we get there
without meetin’ any more signs of good
or bad luck. I start up to the desk to
register this bird when all of a sudden
he stops dead.

  “Let’s get out of here right away,”
he whispers. “Quick!”

  “Heh?” I says, starin’ at him. He’s
tremblin’ like a guy under a cold
shower.

  “Come on, will you!” he goes on,
pullin’ at my sleeve. “Do you want us
to be jinxed for the rest of the week?
Look at that guy standin’ back of the
desk!”

  “What’s the matter with him?” I
asks. “That's the clerk; he looks hu-
man to me, an-”

  . “He’s cross-eyed, you boob!” hisses
the Kid. “If he looks at us, we’re
through.”

  Say, this bird was beginnin’ to get
on my nerves! Know what I mean ?
I grabs him, threw him into the ele-
vator, and jumps in after him.

  “Sixth floor!” I yells to the chauffeur.
“Let’s go!”

  And we went.

  WThen I get the Kid safe in my room
I make him sign a contract callin’ for
a forty-per-cent cut of his income for
the next twelve months. All I got to
do is see that he makes it. Then I
lock him in and stand outside the door.

  “I’ll call for you in a couple of
hours,” I tells him through the keyhole.
“I’m afraid if you go walkin’ around,
Pawnee Bill will cop you away from
me. I’m goin’ out and get you a fight,
and if I find any pins I’ll bring ’em back
and we’ll split ’em between us.”

  “Be sure the point is turned away
from you before you pick them pins
up,” he yells after me as I get in the
elevator, “because if they ain’t it means
a broken friendship.”

  He was poor, eh ?

  I had a few dollars in my left shoe,
and I took them out so’s they’d be ready
to work for me; then I got busy. I
went out to Herman Doyle’s place first.
Herman had a road house away out on
the edge of the town, where about a
dozen fighters were trainin’, and after
half an hour’s elocution I get permis-
sion to bring my find out there to work.
Then I go to the newspapers and give
the Kid a record that if he had made
it there would be crowds followin’ him
in the streets. I got one more call to
make, and that’s on Jake McCoy, who’s
got a stable of hams that start nearly
every night and run second every time
they fight. The champion of the lot
had once gone four rounds shadow
boxin’ with himself, and then he saw
one of his own swings in the mirror,
forgot himself, and took a dive. You
know how hard it is to get rid of a
habit. The colors of the outfit should
have been yellow.

  I picked out the worst one of the
troupe and match him with the Kid.
We get on in a preliminary bout the
next week, and the Kid stops this tramp
with a punch. The next week we fight
another one and win in three rounds.
Then we get a star bout with a guy
called the California Cyclone.

  I found out how he come by that
name in the first round, when he jumps
from his chair, tears across the ring,
and floors the Kid with a left hook to
the jaw. The Kid stayed down so long
I thought he had got stuck to the can-
vas, but he got up before the referee,
who stuttered, reached ten. The Cy-
clone bounced him twice more before
the bell rang and stopped the massacre,
and the crowd was in hysterics with
joy. WThen the Kid comes to his cor-
ner he motions for me to lean over.

  “I’m goin’ to have trouble with this
guy," he says. “He’s lucky. He’s got
a mole on his right shoulder.”

  “Yes,” I comes back, swingin’ the
iio

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

towel over him, “and he’ll probably hit
you with it in a minute. He’s slammed
you with everything now but the bucket.
What do you care what he’s got ?
We’ll stake him to the mole. I got a
wart on my nose and you got .a hay-
maker in your right hand. Go on, get
mad now, and start somethin’!”

  The Kid takes a long drink from
the water bottle, and shakes his head.

  “I wish I had seen that mole or
known somethin’ about it before this
fight,” he says. “I’d have had more
sense than to meet this guy. You know
yourself what a mole on your right
■ shoulder means, and-”

   Bang! goes the bell.

   The Kid stalls around the ring, and
the Cyclone starts right in to end the
thing, I guess his mole was tryin’, all
right, because in a minute he’s got the
Kid in a bad way again and rockin’
like a ship in distress. He took three
wallops at the Cyclone and missed him
from here to Peoria, and after that he
just kept close and hung on until the
crowd run out of things to call him.
He just did last out that round, and
when he gets in the corner he looked
ready to call it a day. While we’re
workin’ over him he turns to me and
says:

  “If you only looked that guy over
before you signed me up; but, no! You
go right ahead and- Aha!”

   He stops all of a sudden, elbows me
away, and looks at the floor.

   “Gimme that hair!” he yells.

   I look down, and sure enough there’s
a hair lay in’ in a crack of the floor.
I bend down and pick it up.

   “Is it red?” hollers the Kid.

   It was black, but I got a quick flash.

   “It is,” I says.

   He leans back and laughs out of his
battered face.

   “That settles it,” he grins. “This
guy will be soft for me novo. I got
him faded and jinxed his mole. If you
find a red hair, it always means-”

  The bell cuts him off, and he’s in
the middle of the ring waitin’ for the
Cyclone. He don’t have to wait long,
because the Cyclone took a runnin’
start and just simply threw a right
swing at the Kid’s jaw; but the Kid
laughs out loud and stabs out with his
left like a bullet, takin’ the other guy
on the chin and sendin’ him back on
his heels. The surprised look on the
Cyclone’s face was funnier than any-
thing you ever seen in the movies. He
didn’t get no time to figure it out,
though, because the Kid is on top of
him like a tiger, shootin’ out lefts and
rights like they was cornin’ from a
machine gun. The Cj'done reels
around the ring, tryin’ to clinch, but
you try to throw your arms around a
buzz saw and you’ll get an idea of what
he was up against. The crowd has the
tip-off, and they’re on each other’s feet,
screamin' for a knock-out. They got
their wish when the Kid jabs the Cy-
clone’s arms away from his face and
hooks him with his right.

  This here Cyclone was just cornin’
to life when we left the clubhouse.

  Well, we win a half a dozen more
quarrels, and then we get an offer to
fight the lightweight champion ten
rounds in New York. It was to be our
first start in the big league, and it meant
about ten weeks of hard trainin’, so we
just move up to Herman Doyle’s road
house and I hire three or four good
boys to help ready the Kid.

  The first day he shows up at the
camp he’s got a black cat under his
arm which he claims followed him out
from the hotel, and which he swears
is a sure sign of good luck. The next
day he blows in with a hop-toad, two
beetles, and a rabbit’s hind foot. Cou-
ple of days more he fails to appear at
all, and I go all over Denver lookin’
for him. I finally bring up at one
of them high-class junk shops, where
they sell you anything from Napoleon’s
nail file to a piece of Noah’s ark. I
IT'S <B/1<D LUCK

ill

hear the Kid’s voice through the door
just as I was goin’ past.

  “Gimme a dollar’s worth of them
Brazilian lucky beans,” he’s sayin’, “and
I guess you better wrap up that leop-
ard’s eye, too. Then I’ll take that thing

you hang around your neck and-”

  I hurries inside the store, and there’s
the Kid with about a dozen clerks
around him, pushin’ and shovin’ each
other aside, while he is lookin’ over all
this what—not, as they say. When he
sees me he yells:

  “Hey! Come on out in the back
yard! They got a lucky wishin’ well

here and-”

  “Have you quit the fight game ?” I
asks him, shovin’ my way through the
clerks.

  “Heh?” he says. “Why—what’s the
matter ?”

  “I was just wonderin',” I tells him,
“whether you was figurin’ on havin’ that
cat and the beetles and the hop-toad
fight the champion instead of you.
What d’ye mean by runnin’ out on me
like this? I got a lot of guys up at the
camp waitin’ for you to start trainin’
and payin’ them five bucks a day, while
you’re goin’ around shoppin’ for magic
rings and stuff like that.”

  “Ain’t it a whole lot better,” he says,
“if I have a layout like this for good
luck ? How can this guy beat me when
I got all this stuff try in’ for me? You
take one of these Brazilian lucky beans,
for instance, and put it in your left
ear while you’re fightin’, and nobody

  I seen the clerks hidin’ their faces
behind their hands like they just
thought of somethin’ funny, but is too
polite to laugh out loud.

  Well, I finally drag him away and
get him out to the camp, where the
first thing he does is to fix up a. room
with this junk. The whole gang out
there is wise to him, and one of the
handlers buys a paper of pins and
sprinkles them all over the floor, so’s

the Kid can find them. Another one
leaves a horseshoe outside his dressin’-
room door, and a panhandler offers to
show him a nest of four-leaf clovers
for five bucks. With all that I keep
him workin’ hard, though, and finally
we start for New York.

  The first night we’re on the train the
Kid wakes me up ‘‘about twelve, and
when I look over the edge of the berth
there he is all dressed and with his suit
case in his hand.

  “Hurry up and get your clothes on,”
he whispers. “We got to get right off
this train.”

  “Don’t it stop at New York?” I asks
him, sittin’ up and rubbin’ my eyes.

  “Don’t gimme an argument!” he
says. “It may never reach New York.
This train is doomed!”

  “What d’ye mean doomed?” I asks
him, reachin’ for my shirt.

  “What do I mean?” he shoots in my
ear. “I’ll tell you what I mean. The
number of the engine is 1313, the con-
ductor is cross-eyed, they throwed my
black cat off the baggage car because
they claim he bit somebody, a guy is
shavin’ in the next stateroom, and he
breaks a mirror, and the left side of my
nose has been itcliin’ for a half hour.
Ain’t that enough ?”

  “Plenty,” I says. “It’s a wonder they
let them take this train out. Still, they
got couplin’ pins on all the cars, and
maybe you coirid slip out over the
tender and give the engineer a handful
of Brazilian beans and one of. them
beetles.”

  “All right,” he pipes, droppin’ the
curtain of the berth. “You can take
a chance, but not me! I’m goin’ to get
away from here myself.”

  I grab my overcoat and put it on over
my pajamas. Then I swing down from
the berth and run up the aisle after
the Kid.

  “Hey, wait a minute!” I yells after
him, as he tries to open the vestibule
door. “You can wait till we make the
112

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

next town, can’t you? What are you
goin’ to do? This thing is doin’ sixty
miles an hour now!”

  “I don’t think this train will get to
no more towns,” he comes back. “It’s
only dumb luck it got this far. I ain’t
goin’ to stand here riskin’ my life argy-
ing with you. I’m goin’ to get off be-
fore it’s too late.”

  And he makes another break for the
door.

  I grabs hold of him and yells for
the porter. People commences to stick
their heads out through the curtains
of their berths and ask us do we think
we’re home and why don’t they keep
the rummies in the srnokin’ car. The
porter comes runnin’ in with the cross-
eyed conductor.

  “What’s the matter with you guys?”
growls the porter.

  “Just a minute!” I says, turnin’ to
the conductor and holdin’ on to the
Kid. “What’s the next station ?”
“WTe’re roundin’ the Horseshoe Curve
now,” he answers, lookin’ at his watch,
“and we’re due at Clover Crossin’ at
four-eleven—that’s just about forty-
four minutes from now.”

  “Horseshoe Curve, Clover, four-
eleven-forty-four !” I yells at the Kid.
“Can you beat that combination?”

  “I can’t,” he admits, “and that’s good
enough for me. I’ll stay.”

  He throws his suit case up in the
berth and goes back to bed.

  The next day I hunt all over the train
for him at breakfast, and I can’t find
him. Not only that, nobody has seen
him, and I come near passin’ away then
and there. He’s gone to the dinin’
car and spilled some salt, I tells my-
self, and, rather than take a chance on
what’s goin’ to happen; he’s left the
train. I go through the dinin’ car for
the third time and see a little door up
at the far end I hadn’t noticed before,
so on the off chance I go through it.
The first thing I see te my fighter.

  “You got to take that ladder away
from there or I’ll knock you,” he’s
sayin’. “You don’t think I’m going to
walk under it, do you ?”

  The cook is on the other side of him
and the ladder, and he’s got a stew pot
in his hand.

  “Ah can’t move that there ladder,
boss,” he says. “It’s against the rules.
You-all will have to crawl under it if
you want to git out. I done tole you

when--”

  “Don’t gimme no argyment!” yells
the Kid. “Drop that pot and take this
ladder away from there so’s I can get

out or-”

  “What’s the excitement?” I says, but-
tin’ in at this point.

  “So you finally showed up, eh?”
snarls the Kid, turnin’ around on me.
“Weil, it’s about time. I’m in that car
there, packin’ in the eats, and one of
them waiters brings me a cup of coffee
with tzvo spoons in it. I ain’t quite sure
what that means, but I know it ain’t
nothin’ good. Naturally I wallop him,
and he runs in here to get his gang
or somethin’, and when I follow him
in this guy puts up that ladder in back
of me, and the only way I can get out
of here now is to walk under it. You
know what that means. Can you pic-
ture me walkin’ under a ladder and
bringin’ all that bad luck on my head?”
“Can’t you move that ladder?” I says
to the cook, who’s watchin’ for a chance
to bean the Kid with the stew pot.

  “You heard what Ah said!” he comes
back, takin’ a fresh hold on the weapon.
“That there ladder is put there to keep
passengers out from the kitchen, and
it’s against the rules to move it. If
your friend here feels like riskin’ his
life, let him git sassy, that’s all!”

  “Do you make that?” yells the Kid,
dancin’ up and down on the other side
of the ladder. “He ain’t going to move
it. Why don’t you wallop him? You
can’t miss him from there.”

  “You best not take your fr’en’s ad-
IT'S <BA<D LUCK

113

vice too serious, white man,” butts in
the cook, grabbin’ up a plate with his
other hand. “Ah ain’t no Jess Wil-
lard, but Ah must say Ah can protect
mahself if need be.”

  “I'll go get you a beetle,” I tells the
Kid, backin’ away, “and you can take
that and the leopard’s eye you bought
in Denver and. hold one in each hand.
Then you can walk under the ladder
and it will be all right.”

  "Just then another dinge steps out
from behind the stove, and as soon as
the Kid sees him he lets out a yell.

  “That’s the guy that give me the cof-
fee !” he hollers, and takes a punch at
him.

  I grab the cook’s arms before he can
get set with the stew pot, and the other
dinge goes back of the stove again, with
nothin’ but the top of his head showin’.

  “Gimme a chance, gennlemen,” he
says. “Ah ain’t no fighter. Ah ain’t
nothin’ but a waiter, thass me! Ah
only showed mahself from this yere
trench because Ah thought Ah heard
somethin’ about a leopard’s eye.”

 “You did,” I says, “and-”

  ‘Well, sah,” he cuts in, cornin’ half-
way out from behind the stove, “if you
gennlemen would like somethin’ for
good luck that’s got a leopard’s eye left
at the post, Ah got it. This yere charm
will keep off smallpox, landlords, di-
vorce, fire, and all the evils of the bar-
barous time. It’s sure* to bring good

luck to the wearer and bearer and-”

  “What is it?” asks the Kid. He’s
no more interested in it than an under-
taker is in death.

  “Right yere, sah,” says the waiter,
reachin’ in his pocket and pullin’ out
a little roll of tissue paper. He unrolls
it, and a thing that looks like a coffee
bean rolls out in his hand.

 “There we are!” he says. “The
greatest charm that was ever worn by
human man! A - genuine muskrat’s
tooth
8B p

  “Let’s see it,” says the Kid, reachin’
out his "hand.

  The waiter passes it over, and the
Kid takes it like it’s a thousand-dollar
bill. He looks it over carefully, and
then turns to the waiter.

  “Is this a sure-enough charm for
good luck?” he asks him.

  “They tell me Washington wore one
of them things around his neck when
lie was runnin’ for president,” comes
back the dinge. “Yes, sah, if that there
don’t bring you good luck, you can get
your money back at any time. Tes’ ask
for Sam,”

  “What d’ye want for it?” says the
Kid.

  “Well, sah,” the waiter tells him, "Ah
ain’t money mad, an Ah’li be reasona-
ble. Ah done paid eight dollars for
that there charm in San Antone, and
the next mornin’ Ah gets mah salary
raised. But as long as you-all has been
so nice to me on this trip Ah’ll let it
go for a five-dollar note.”

  The Kid is reachin’ in his pocket
when I figured it was about time to
horn in.

  “Here!” I says to the waiter. “We’ll
give' you a quarter for the thing if
you’ll take the ladder away so this guy
can get out.”

  “A quarter!” he yells. “Wrhy, Ah
wouldn’t sell nothin’ for two bits. Ah

can borrow two bits and-”

  “Give it back,” I tells the Kid, “and
I’ll call the conductor.”

  The cook loses interest in the deal
and turns to the stove.

  “Am I goin’ to git a chance to cook
somethin’ here this mornin’ ?” he says.

“This here ain’t no salesroom and-”

  “Gimme the two bits, boss,” says the
waiter, “and if your fr’en’ will keep his
hands where they won’t do me no harm,
I’ll move that ladder.”

  I take the Kid out and keep him
where I can see him without a field
glass until we get to New York.

  The night of the battle we start
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

downtown in an auto, and in the back
we got the Kid’s entire layout of
charms. There’s the leopard’s eye, the
two beetles, the hop-toad, the muskrat’s
tooth, the rabbit’s foot, the Brazilian
lucky beans, and another black cat the
Kid had picked up on the street. He
met a hunchback bootblack at the rail-
road station, and he’s got him along,
too. Every now and then he turns back
and looks at the menagerie in the back
of the car and says: “I don’t see how
I can lose !”

  From the mob outside the clubhouse
it looks like everybody in the State will
be at the ringside, and as we’re fightin’
on a percentage it seemed like we’re
goin’ to get bean money for a year.
I’m feelin’ pretty good myself, but the
Kid looks about as happy as a guy with
a jumpin’ toothache in front of a closed
drug store. I catch him shakin’ his head
and mutterin’ to himself as we start
upstairs for the dressin’ room.

  “What’s the matter now ?” I asks
him. “You look like a hired pallbearer.
You can stall this guy off for ten rounds
and you got a good chance of bouncin’
him. You know what that means.”
“Did you notice it, too?” he says.
“What ?” I asks.

  “The cops around the outside of the
club,” he answers. “You seen them
bulls keepin’ the crowd back, didn’t
you? They was six on one side and
seven on the other. I counted ’em.”
“Well, what of it?”. I says. “That’s
enough, ain’t it?”

  “What of it?” he hollers, stoppin’
dead on the stairs. “Seven and six is
thirteen, ain’t it ? That’s fine stuff to
run into right off the reel, ain’t it? I’ll
bet it’ll be my luck to draw a cross-eyed
referee!”

  “Well, you got all your charms and
stuff with you, what d’ye care ?” I
comes back. “If you got them good-
luck things all ribbed up and readied,
and they don’t lay down on you, you
ain’t got nothin’ to worry about, have

you? Let them pull a cross-eyed ref-
eree. As long as he can count he can
have chicken pox and it won’t bother
me.”

  “Why should it bother you ?” he says.
“You’re goin’ to be outside the ring,
ain’t you? I’ll bet if he does do any
countin’, he’ll be standin’ over me when
he starts. I wouldn’t be surprised at
nothin’ the way they’re breakin’ for me
now.”

  I finally force him upstairs to the
dressin’ room and get him inside.
There’s another room right next to it,
and in a few minutes we hear somebody
movin5 around in there. Whoever it
was was feelin’ pretty good, because
he starts to whistle a lively tune.

  The Kid is gettin’ into his ring togs,
and at the very first note he stops short
and drops the bandages on the floor.

  “D’ye hear that?” he says to me.

  “Sure,” I tells him. “Go ahead and
get ready. That’s only one of the pre-
liminary boys who’s goin’ to fight a
set-up probably and-”

  “That’s got to be stopped right
away!” snarls the Kid. “The idea of
a guy whistlin’ in a dressin’ room; he
must be nutty. They’ll probably be a
fire here to-night after that. Hey!
Lay off that mockin’-bird thing in
there, will you ?” he yells over the
transom.

  The guy on the other side stops for
a minute, and then goes on whistlin’
a little louder than before. We hear
his friends in there laughin’.

  “Can you beat that?” the Kid wants
to know, slammin’ his fist down on the
table. “That tramp in there probably
don’t know that whistlin’ in a dressin’
room is the worst thing anybody can
do. That’ll bring bad luck quicker than
anything. Stop that whistlin’!” he
breaks off, and yells over the transom
again.

  The guy in the next room misses a
note long enough to laugh, and then he
goes right on where he left off.
IT’S <BA<D LUCK

115

  “Are you goin’ to stand for that?”
bellows the Kid, turnin’ on me. “That
guy will just about jinx me out of this
fight. Go in there and choke him, will
you ?”

  “Aw, come on, Kid!” I says. “Let
the boy alone. Get ready—and let him
whistle if he wants to; he may have
just got married or turned down by his
girl or somethin’. We got a date out-
side in a couple-”

  The guy next door starts some fancy
notes, and opens up with a little more
stuff in his whistle.

  “Hey, cut that out!” shrieks the Kid,
dancin’ around and poundin’ on the
wall.

  “Pull in your ears, stupid,” yells back
the guy on the other side, “and you
won’t hear it.”

  It was about the first time I ever seen
the Kid ravin’ mad. He flings his shoes
on the floor, and before anybody can
grab him he’s out the door and in the
next room.

  “Go get him quick!” yells Spider
Riley, one of the handlers. “He’ll go
in there and beat that boob up, and
we’ll all get in Dutch.”

  I was thinkin’ the same thing myself,
so I jump for the door and dashes for
the next room just as a guy I recog-
nize as one of the club managers comes
runnin’ up. From the noise that come
over the transom you’d think it was a
battle royal between wild cats.

  “Are you ready?” says the manager.
“The referee’s been in- the ring for ten
minutes, and the crowd is yellin’ mur-
der. What are- Hey, what’s

cornin’ off in there?”

  “Nothin’,” I says, tryin’ to stall him
away. “Where’s the champion ?”

  “Heh ?” he says, cornin’ up. “Why,

he’s in that room there and-”

  “Good night!” I yells, and shoves in
the door with my shoulders.

  The first thing I seen is what looks
like a race riot. Two guys are standin’

head to head in the middle of the room,
sluggin’ each other, and six others are
tryin’ to pull them apart and gettin’
the worst of it. One of the gladiators
suddenly jumps away and swings his
left from the floor. It takes the other
battler over the heart, and he went
down so hard I figured he’d wind up
in the basement.

   I didn’t need but one flash to see that
he was two things—out cold and Kid
Worth!

   “All right; I’m ready,” sings out the
champion, blowin’ his nose and startin’
for the club manager, who looks like
he’s got an attack of heart trouble.

   The guy that run the club tried three
times to talk, but nothin’ come out of
his mouth but funny little noises. It
was so quiet you could have heard a
gnat cough.

   “I'll be down in three minutes,” goes
on the champ, lookin’ from one to the
other of us and reachin’ for his shoes.

   “Don’t hurry, you big stiff!” shrieks
the club manager all at once. “That
guy you just put away is the bird you
were goin’ to fight to-night. What
were you doin’, rehearsin’ up here?”
“That other guy is a great actor if
they was!” pipes some guy, lookin’
down at the Kid, still cold on the floor.

  The champion collapses in a chair,
and I run over and lift up the Kid’s
head just as he opens his eyes.

  “You wouldn’t listen to me!” I yells
in his ear. “You big ham—that guy
you mixed with was the champion!”
“What?” he sa}Ts, sittin’ up. “Well,
what d’ye know about that ?”

  “What do I know about it?” I hol-
lers. “We come all the way to New
York to fight this guy, there’s eight
million people outside waitin’, and he
knocks you cold in the dressin’ room!

Why, you-”

  “Didn’t I tell you that bum would
jinx us by whistlin’ up here?” he says,
sittin’ up straight. “Didn’t I?”
The Phantom U-Boat

BEING THE PERSONAL NARRATIVE OF A MODERN PIRATE WHO
BECOMES OWNER OF A MONSTER SUBMERSIBLE

Transcribed and Edited by ROY NORTON
Author of “A Caravan of Mystery“The Plunderer,” Etc.

SYNOPSIS OP OPENING CHAPTERS

     Sea rover, adventurer marine engineer, it was a gift of good fortune when the Sea Fox was
sighted by Thomas Harding. He had been shipwrecked with Jack Masters and some of the crew of
the ill-fated Marion, and they were in a bad plight when the Sea Fox was discovered. It was a
huge submarine cast upon the shore of Iceland—a submersible of advanced type and splendid equip-
ment. Her crew of Germans had, through some chemical accident, been asphyxiated. Harding and
Masters, together with their rough and motley companions of the Marion, bury the German victims,
and bt^gin to experiment on the undersea boat. Both Masters and Harding are clever at machinery
and know a lot about navigation. Between them they get the U-boat in working shape. Their fellow
castaways enter the plan eagerly, and they man the submarine. The object is to salvage the Sea Foxt
offering it to the German government. With this purpose in mind they set out for the neutral port
of Bergen, Norway, where they hope to open profitable negotiations with the Imperial government.

(la Four Parts—Part Two)

CHAPTER V.

I DOUBT very much if the original
crew of the Sea Fox was any bet-
ter than the one that drove her
eastward by night and day without
cessation. I strengthened my hold on it
by degrees, hammered it into shape with
words—not blows—and drilled it to a
state of automatic perfection. I gave
the men, individually and collectively,
my reason for this, telling them that
nothing but accuracy of discipline could
bring our venture to anything like suc-
cess, and impressed each man with his
individual responsibility. There was but
one case of anything bordering on in-
subordination, and that, after all, was
nothing more than a case of disrespect
for Jack. We were, as usual, running
completely light at the time when I

heard a sudden shout, and a man ran
from below to the deck. Through the
grease on his face I could see marks of
conflict as I looked down at him from
the superstructure bridge. Hot after
-him poured a half dozen men, who
swarmed upon him and struck and
pommeled before I could interfere. I
jumped down to the deck and thrust
them aside, but not quickly enough to
save him from two or three heavy kicks
after he had fallen.

  “Stop! What does this mean?” I
demanded angrily, and the man’s assail-
ants fell back and respectfully saluted.

   “Beggin’ your pardon, sir,” replied
one of the men, stepping in front of
the others, “this swab shot his mouth
off when he came off watch about Mr.
Masters. We’re the police committee,

This story began in the December 7th POPULAR.
THE ^PHANTOM U-BOAT

117

andv we’re punishin’ him good and
plenty.”

  “Police committee! What do you
mean by that?” I asked, somewhat puz-
zled.

  "Well, sir,” the man said, “when you
and Mr. Masters let us in on this job
and acted so fair with all of us we
elected both you and him officers.
Then we got together and agreed that
we’d crucify any sea lawyer or lubber
that shirked or shot his mouth. This
man here-”

  “That will do,” I interrupted, and
for a moment was thoughtful. A blind
man could have seen that the men of
the crew themselves were the most ef-
fective instrument I could have for dis-
cipline, and yet to have the crew actu-
ally taking into its' own hands all right
of trial and punishment might lead to
rather serious results. I helped the
fallen man to his feet, while thinking
what I had best say.

  “Men,” I said, “I’m much obliged to
all of you for a loyalty and support
that I hadn’t quite expected. But I do
think that it would be a lot better if
the police committee was to report its
findings to me before acting on them.
How docs that strike you ?”

  By this time the deck was pretty well
filled with nearly the entire crew. I
caught sight of Jack’s head sticking
up through the hatch, and he grinned
and winked cheerfully, as if appreciat-
ing my dilemma.

  “But suppose you decided, sir, that
whoever we sit on ought to get it?”
queried the leader.

  “Then I should have the right to say
how he should be punished, and your
committee could carry it out.”

  “That’s all right, sir, but m&ybe
you’d not give it to the swab hard
enough,” objected the spokesman.

  “Hard enough? ■ We can’t afford to
have a man thumped and kicked till
he can’t work, can we ?” I demanded.
“We’re short-handed as it is, and if a

man goes to the sick bay it means more
work for the others, doesn’t it?”

  The committee scratched its head
and cogitated, and there were sundry
nods of approval from other heads of
the crew who clustered in the back-
ground.

  “Then how in the devil are you go-
ing to punish a guy that cuts up nasty?”
asked another member of the commit-
tee.

  “That’s easy enough,” I declared,
with inspiration. “We’ll log him after
the committee has reported what he
did, and how seriously he has offended,
and none but a good-conduct man gets
his full share of what we get out of
it in the end. The fines imposed shall
be taken out of the offender’s cut and
divided up with the others.”

  I waited for them to talk it over,
and encouraged them to do so. It was
almost amusing to see how seriously
they mumbled and whispered and
wagged heads. And then they agreed.

  “How much do you fine Bill?” de-
manded the leader, pointing at the first
culprit aboard ship.

  “Nothing. He has been punished
enough by your way, if Mr. Masters
is satisfied,” I said.

  Jack’s voice came from the hatch-
way, and he climbed out.

   “Oh, it’s all right as far as I’m con-
cerned,” he declared. “Bill’s not a bad
•fellow. We all get hot sometimes.
If I’d known about this police-com-
mittee business, I’d have fought for
Bill ”

  I never saw such open-mouthed as-
tonishment as was indicated by the
faces of that crew, and particularly by
the man Bill, who, for a moment,
gasped, fidgeted, and then advanced
straight across the intervening space
and stuck a grimy 'fist, with an open
palm, toward Jack.

   “Mr. Masters, sir,” he blurted out,
“I got just what was coming to me—
part of it! I’d like to have j^ou either
THE <P0<PULJ1<R. MAGAZINE

take my hand or slug me, and I don’t
care much which it is, so long as you
take my hand afterward. I’ve been

a-” And I can scarcely repeat all

the choice epithets he applied to him-
self.

  Jack cut them short by taking his
hand and giving it a good, firm clasp.

  “That’s all right, Bill,” he said,
rather short of words himself. “It’s
off the log with me. You’re all right.
You’re a good man, and I’m for you.
If ever you get a kick coming over
anything I say hereafter, you come
straight to me and talk it out. We’re .
both men, aren’t we? I’m no better
than you, but I’ve got to have things
done my way if they’re to be done right.
You see that, don’t you?”

  Bill, ruffian that he was, almost
blubbered as he took the proffered hand
and turned away. He took refuge by
turning to the police committee and
saying: “You chaps did just right. It
was coming to me. And I’ll say this,
that if any of you fellows think I’m
not talking on the dead level, let him
watch me from now on. Mr. Masters
is white—clean through and through.
That goes for mine after this!”

  My crew forgot discipline and com-
mittees, and cheered loudly. I had to
permit it and take refuge by a curt
order as I climbed back to the tiny
bridge and Jack disappeared like a jack-
in-the-box down the hatch. And thus»
ended the first and last work the police
committee were ever called upon to do
as far as my knowledge goes, although
it was whispered to me that on two or
three other occasions they tried men,
so strict became their sense of disci-
pline and their anxiety to support
authority.

  The days • passed easily enough in a
rather uneventful round. I made it a
rule to dive at least once a day and run
submerged for an hour to thoroughly
accustom the crew to that phase of
our work, but as far as heavy weather

was concerned there were days when
there was not sea enough to make the
tiny bridge on the superstructure vary
or roll to a half degree, and when the
Diesels could work straight through
a fifty-hour stretch piling up power
in the accumulators or secondary bat-
teries. We had so thoroughly over-
come all difficulties with the storage
system that it proved flawless, and yet
we were in no haste and did not force
the Swimmer to speed. We passed the
distant coast of Iceland in all its bleak
dreariness, and were well down toward
the Faroe Islands before we sighted a
craft of any description, and here we
sustained a warning of certain dangers
of carelessness in this wise:

  Both Jack and I and a young fellow
called Williams, but speedily known as
“Wires,” had utilized all our spare
time learning telegraphy. Williams had
been an amateur telegrapher on land,
and had shown such quickness of per-
ception that we had resolved to make
a first-class wireless operator of him
and had relieved him from all other
duty. Now the submarine wireless in-
stallment on the Swimmer was con-
nected with antennae under water, but
Wires became so fascinated with his
study that, being a rather ingenuous
sort of youngster, he asked and gained
permission to rig a wireless above the
bridge also for experimental work.
From this we proved that we had a
mean range of fully three hundred
miles by checking up against the wire-
less station at Iceland, and also that
our system was an improvement on
any that we knew, inasmuch as we could
receive and probably send with equal
facility while submerged or awash. We
could prove the former, but evidently
Wires was eager to test the latter ques-
tion, and did so without asking permis-
sion.

  The result was that after we had
passed the Faroes he intercepted a mes-
sage one day, and promptly cut in with
THE PHANTOM U-<BOfLT

119

“Who are you ?” The reply was, “Who
are you ?” W hereupon Wires, in a
spirit of hilarity, promptly answered,
“Submarine U 34.” And after a time
was asked: “Where are you now?"

  Jubilating over the fact that he had
been able to send a real wireless mes-
sage and take a reply, Wires proceeded
to say that we were off the coast of
Cuba and gave a random longitude and
latitude that was intended to be pal-
pably fictitious, but here enters the
freaks of the subconscious mind, in-
asmuch as Wires, in making that ran-
dom guess, had no idea that he was
giving what had been our approximate
position 011 the day previous, the figures
of which had clung to his subconscious
memory.

  At three o’clock in the afternoon, the
time I deemed most convenient for my
daily study of wireless, I went below
and found Wires with the receivers at
his ears and relieved him, intending to
throw in the practice short circuit and
work with myself to accustom my ears
to deciphering the sound. Before I
could effect this my ears apprised me
of the fact that some one was within
reach, and I caught, slowly and pains-
takingly hammered out, as if address-
ing an amateur, “Stop kidding. You
say you are off Cuba, but position given
shows you off Faroes. How about it?”

  I jerked the receivers from my ears
and stared at Wires, who, caught in his
mistake, promptly turned red and stam-
mered. I went after him, and he con-
fessed.

  I am afraid that for a few minutes
I was so angry that I said several
things to him that were not entirely
necessary, winding up with: “And so,
you see, Williams, you put the whole
British fleet 011 the alert, and if we get
overhauled and sunk, you are to blame.
Also you make it about ten times as
hard for us to run into Bergen without
attracting attention. All through your
confounded stupidity!”

  He looked so contrite and hurt that
as I replaced the receivers and listened,
I had time to think it over. The ship,
whoever she was, continued to repeat
her message with persistency, proving
that she hoped to get us to betray our-
selves by further communication. I did
not answer, and, to tell the plain truth,
was rather complimenting myself 011
the fact that I had progressed this far
with my own studies. It struck me
that if I, a mature man approaching
young middle age, should be so grati-
fied by that knowledge, Wires, being
scarcely more than a boy and aged
about twenty, could not be expected to
exercise the caution and judgment of
an older head.

  I gave him a kindly talk, explaining
the dangers brought about by his care-
lessness, and ordered him to stick to
his post for fifteen hours as a penance,
and, considerably perturbed, went on
deck and gave orders for a stricter
watch, on the ground that we knew
that we were within wireless touch of
some ship. I new that the boy would
not answer any other call, and it was
well that he did not, because for more
than six straight hours his communi-
cant kept trying to evoke a reply from
him, even by going to the point of ridi-
cule and abuse. On his reporting this,
I that night doubled the watch on the
bridge, and Jack worked the Diesels
overtime to charge our storage to its
full capacity that we might be prepared
for all* emergencies. We slowed down
to make certain of this, barely preserv-
ing headway, and it proved well that we
did, for just at dawn I was called and
notified that a ship had been sighted
off to the west-southwest.

  I had gone to sleep fully dressed, and
ran to the bridge. There was no doubt
that she was a cruiser, and, a few min-
utes later, we made out that she was
accompanied by at least two destroyers.
You may believe me that I knew the
efficiency and alertness of the British
120

THE <PO<PULACR, MAGAZINE

navy too well to take any chances. All
that most of those commanders need is
a smell in the morning air to set them
off like hounds on the scent, and quite
frequently they bring their game to bag.

  I sprang the emergency call, and, in-
side of very few minutes, the bridge
deck was cleared, ventilators all closed,
and the conning hatch whirling down
into its socket. We made a pretty good
record of submerging on that nice morn-
ing, and also made our longest run
thus far in full submergence and at
full speed. I did not come up until
dusk, and then did so very cautiously
while standing with my eyes glued to
the periscope in the control cabin. It
is a very uncomfortable thrill until one
gets hardened to it, that waiting for the
first peep through a periscope when
danger is around. In that respect a
submarine or submersible is helpless,
inasmuch as she may come up within
a comparatively short distance of an
enemy that may have, by luck or chance,
already located her by the telltale swirl
of the waters, and be waiting to pounce
upon and override her. The Swimmer,
as is now quite widely known, was ar-
mored heavily enough to withstand
even the fire of a 3.5 gun; but sup-
pose that a heavier gun was in waiting
or that a destroyer, with its reenforced
ram, should be on watch ? I know
some authorities claim that there are
submarines that can submerge to a
depth of sixty feet in sixty seconds,
but—“I'm from Missouri,” and know
that we couldn’t, and I consider that I
have commanded as fine a submarine
as ever went to sea. Also I knew an-
other thing, that, with our displace-
ment, despite our huge bulk and armor,
we could be run down, though in that
running both a destroyer and ourselves
might be sent to the bottom for a longer
stay than I cared to make.

  On this occasion, however, the sea
was untenanted when we emerged; but
W'ires had completely robbed us of our

sense of security, and from then on
all of us were keyed up to the pitch.
Perhaps the lad did us a good turn,
after all.

  It was on a night of brilliant moon,
when the lazy swell had been broken
by a nor’-nor’west wind into whitecaps
which raced, yellow-crested, across the
seas, that Tinker had me called for our
first sight of a Norwegian beacon. We
decided to lay to until morning, and
floated quietly on the waves, although
off in the distance we could make out
dimly the shapes of warships and the
lights of neutral ships. At dawn I sent
for Olaf, and he took my glasses and
stared long and steadily before giving
an opinion.

  “Bergen,” he said, wasting no words.

  “Then,” said I, “if you are still con-
fident that you can take us in, and that
this is as good a time as any, we shall
dive.”

  He considered for a minute, and
then suggested: “I think it safest for
us to dive and run in to a point about
five miles up the fiord, then lay there
on the bottom until night. What time
do we have the moon, sir ?”

  “By ten o’clock.”

  “I can bring her in to the place where
I think we should go better by moon-
light.”

  “Then here goes,” I said, signaling
for all hands to stand by.

  We drove and ran by compass slowly
and at such a depth that we could be
certain of safety until long after we
had passed beneath the watching ships
at the harbor; ran so quietly that our
screws could scarcely betray us, though
some of the lurking watchmen might
have submarine microphones adjusted
to their ears, and at last, when Olaf
gave the signal, settled down to rest
and put out our automatic anchors.
Save for a diminished watch, all hands
slept as we lay there on the bottom of
the sea, surrounded by cold blue waters
and warmed by electric radiators. The
THE <PHANTOM U^OAT

121

ships that, twenty fathoms above, swept
over us, Were of no more concern than
the fish that doubtless nosed our steel
hull curiously and swam away when
there was nothing more to learn.

CHAPTER VI.

  When we emerged, at a few minutes
past ten o’clock, nothing inimical could
be observed through the periscope, nor
through the ports of the conning tower,
which we left closed, inasmuch as we
proposed to make this last and most
dangerous lap of our long journey
awash. Far away, on the edge of the
steep eastern cliffs, the yellow rim of
the moon was heralded by a spot of
increasing light, bringing all that
towering range into silhouette. There
was something very subduing in the
still beauty of the night through which
we must venture.

  I called Olaf into the conning tower
that, like the tower of all submarines,
is scarcely commodious for one man,
and myself took charge of the innumer-
able recording instruments, telegraphs,
telltales, and emergency levers with
which, in case of crisis, I could open
the ballast tanks and submerge.

  “We must come across and under
that high point there, sir,” Olaf said,
pointing, and there was nothing in his
voice to indicate the strain of nervous
tensity that I myself sustained. “We
must go up that side, close to the
shadow of the shore. If we don’t, the
moon will show us up at the next turn-
ing.”

  I gave the signals, and we crept at a
snail’s pace across the fiord, but even
then it appeared to me from the aft
ports that we were kicking up a terrible
fuss and a wake that should betray us
to any chance watcher. For an instant
I feared my pilot had lost his head, for
he seemed intent on ramming the base
of the cliff before he called a change
of course when he was a stone’s throw

from their black bases. I had no fear
of the water on that side, inasmuch
as the charts had proved to me that
the greatest battleship ever built could
safely have sailed at the very base line;
but I was fearful that Olaf might have
forgotten some of his youthful-knowl-
edge of locality, or that we might meet
some boat downward bound. I ex-
pressed some of this latter fear to my
pilot, who turned toward me and
grinned in the half light.

  “If we do,” he said, “they will be
just as anxious as we are to keep from
being seen! unless it’s a coast-guarder,
and they are most likely to be met
higher up.”

  His confidence was so sure that I
began to enjoy this voyage in the
shadows, which, when the moon came
higher, was of marvelous beauty. I did
not know it then, but we were traveling
up an estuary that in peace times had
been the delight of those who toured to
the out-of-the-way places on that coast.
Sometimes we ran straight and true for
miles, then came to abrupt bends and
turns where, up to the last instant, no
way seemed open. We would drive at
what appeared to be an impenetrable
wall, the very end of the fiord, to find
another way opened as if by magic,
and a moonlit stretch of serenity,
broidered with light and shadow.

  “Times have changed none,” my pilot
said, as if to himself. “Had we come
along here at, say two o’clock in the
morning, the patrol boat might be out,
if it happened to be her night of the
week. As it is, we are alone.”

  After a considerable journey, he sud-
denly turned and said: “I think we had
best stop, sir.”

  I rang down, and waited for his fur-
ther instructions.

  “It is safe for us to come clear up
now, and I will handle her from the
roof bridge.”

  I doubted the wisdom of this, but
I2'2

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

could, perforce, do nothing but trust
to his sagacity. I emptied the tanks,
and, when the long back of the Sea
Fox, with its stripped deck, shining and
moist, was clear, we opened the ports,
the conning-tower hatch, and rigged the
extra steering wheel and signals on the
roof navigating bridge. Olaf took the
wheel in his own hands, and again we
moved forward, but at a higher rate of
speed until we had crossed the fiord,
skirted the moonlit bank for a time, and
then he signaled for slow speed, and
we began to crawl. We entered a nar-
row branch of the fiord, where the
walls were so close that they seemed
sliding past the sides of the Sea Fox
while she stood still. We twisted,
turned/and wriggled our way, to come,
at last, to a tiny bay, and there, in the
moonlight, could be seen a small wharf,
and a score of houses—barely more
than stone huts-—-perched on. a narrow
beach at the very foot of high cliffs.

  “We must have a boat, sir,” said my
pilot, relinquishing the wheel.

  I did not question, but ordered one
of the collapsibles out, and waited for
his next wish.

  “And if you could come along, sir,
we could pull her in ourselves and—
see what we can find out. If there are
any of the old ones left-”

  For the first time he was betraying
doubt. I slipped my pistol into my
pocket before I entered the boat with
him, and privately told Jack and Tinker
to be prepared for any emergency and
to keep a close lookout for shore sig-
nals.

  To all outward appearance the vil-
lage was asleep, or deserted, when we
landed on the creaking wharf, that I
noticed was without lights of any kind.
We crossed this ancient structure to
the shale of the beach, our feet crash-
ing and clumping and the echoes com-
ing back like musketry from the cliffs
behind. Olaf advanced unhesitatingly
toward one of the largest houses vis-

ible, and thumped vigorously on the
door.

  “My cousin,” he explained to me, be-
tween thumps, and then, getting no re-
sponse, called a name and a sentence
in his own tongue. Instantly a voice
answered from inside, asked a ques-
tion, and I heard Olaf pronounce his
own name and some other explanation.

  The door came open a crack; a man,
bearded like a viking, held a candle
toward Olaf, who grinned and sub-
mitted to the scrutiny; and then the
door was widely opened, the viking
dropped the candle on the table, and
he and Olaf kissed cheeks in true Norse
family fashion; from another room
two other men came, who greeted
him, and these were followed by two
women, who shrank back and hesitated
when they saw that Olaf was accom-
panied by a stranger. They all shook
hands with me in a rather bashful way,
one of the women brought out a jug
and some thick glasses, and we sat
down. Being unable to take any part
in the conversation, I could but watch
(their faces and listen to their exclama-
tions of astonishment and curiosity as
Olaf evidently recited his tale. Fre-
quently they looked at me with glances
of respect, so I presume that Olaf did
me a little more than justice. Once
they put out the light lest a stray gleam
shine outward, and all went outside,
where Olaf pointed out the shape of
the Sea Fox, lying dimly visible in the
inlet. I observed with satisfaction from
her outline that apparently the entire
crew were on deck and w'atching the
shore. There was further talk, and I
was beginning to be a trifle bored by
my position when Olaf suddenly turned
to me apd said, in English: “As I
understand it, sir, you want to get to
Bergen ?”

  “Yes, and without attracting any at-
tention, if I can avoid it.”

  He translated, and there was much
more talk.
THE PHANTOM U-<BOAT

123

  “When?" asked Olaf.

  “The sooner the better.”

  “All right. To-night, then,” he said;
but that was sooner than I had ex-
pected. I debated mentally whether I
could make all necessary arrangements
before asking at what hour Olaf pro-
posed to start. There was another long
conversation, and then he turned and
outlined a plan.

  “We can do it in two ways, so that
you will not attract attention. One
would be to go now and slip down with
the early tide, as we did, landing at a
place we know, from where we could
walk into the town by a country road.
The other would be to go boldly, in the
daylight, on my cousin’s fish boat; but
if you did that, it would be better for
you to go dressed as a fisherman.”

  I had no objections to that, and
said so.

  “My cousin’s boat has auxiliary
power,” Olaf went on. “She has a
heavy oil-burning engine. Very heavy,
in fact, for a fishing boat.” He grinned
and gave a solemn wink, that I did not
fail to catch. “My cousin is a very
thrifty man. When the fish are not
running, he trades up and down the
fiord and gathers pickled fish and coun-
try produce in exchange for the little
stock he buys from Bergen merchants,
and also”—and again he winked that
mirthless wink—“some certain other
things that our countrymen like to trade
for.”

  He stopped and scowled thoughtfully
at the candle and added: “As far as
our own people go, they ask no ques-
tions. And, when we get to Bergen,
you might be a deaf-and-dumb man and
I can do the talking. My cousin says
that Bergen has become so important
since the war broke out that the Ger-
man government has a sort of special
consul here, with a lot more authority

than they usually have, because-”

He abruptly stopped, and, I think, asked
permission from his cousin to tell the

reason why, and also reassured him
that I would prove worthy of confi-
dence.

  “Because,” he said, again turning to
me as if he had not hesitated, “there
are many things happening here of
which the Norwegian government is
not aware, such as supplying certain
German submarines with supplies!”

  I was inclined to believe that this
was highly in our favor. It indicated
that whoever the German consul might
be, he was a man of more than ordinary
authority, and was kept pretty well in-
formed of the movements of sub-
marines on thkt coast, at least. He
would, therefore, be the ideal man with
whom to deal. The more I thought
over it the more elated I became. I
gave a prompt decision,

  “That being the case, Olaf,” I said,
“we will go down in the daylight to-
morrow morning. As far as I can see,
the only authorities we have to fear
are the Norwegian ones. We would
undoubtedly be classed as a German
war vessel, and seized and interned
until the conclusion of the war, which
will not satisfy our purpose at all.”

  “Quite true, sir,” he assented, and
translated what I had said to his
cousin, who nodded a vigorous con-
firmation.

  A half hour later, after some further
planning, Olaf and I pulled off to the
Sea Fox in his cousin’s boat, and with
our own in tow. I informed Jack of
the plans made, and the collapsible was
pulled on board. That there might be
no chance of our being caught napping
by government patrols, it was decided
that the Sea Fox must submerge and
rest on the bottom until the next mid-
night, when, if she saw a light displayed
in the house I had visited, he was to
know that we had not returned, and
should then submerge again until the
midnight following. Olaf and I then
rowed back to the wharf in his cousin’s
skiff and stood in the shadows of a
124

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

pile of nested boats until we saw the
Sea Fox disappear from sight. I was
given the spare room in the house, and
was now so certain that our adventure
was going well that I slept until aroused
for a homely toilet and a hearty meal.
Clad in a rather smelly fisherman’s out-
fit furnished by my host, I went with
him down to a heavy but businesslike
boat, where I went aboard. I found
Olaf there, whispering mysteriously to
two other men who made up the crew,
and who gave me a wide-eyed stare of
inspection, and touched their caps.

  I had thought the distance much
longer than it was until we dropped
noisily down the fiord, propelled by
our engines. I did not until then ap-
preciate how difficult had been Olaf’s
task of piloting in the night, and how
many curves he had taken to keep in
shadow and avoid chance of detection.
Nor had I appreciated the natural
beauties of that wonderful, mountain-
embraced strip of steel-blue water. The
time passed very quickly, and, long be-
fore I had expected it, we churned
round a sweeping curve and came to
the busy docks, where at least a score
of boats similar to ours were discharg-
ing fish and produce. Our arrival at-
tracted no attention whatever beyond
the friendly shouts of those who knew
our skipper and his crew. Ostensibly
he had come to Bergen to lay in some
trading supplies for an upward trip;
so we speedily left the boat in charge
of her two .men, and sauntered up
through the quaint old streets of the
city. I could readily believe from what
I saw of the water front, and the gen-
eral air of industry, that it was the most
important commercial seaport on the
west coast of Norway, and I under-
stood, too, from the number of men in
uniform I saw on the streets, that the
garrison maintained at the cape forti-
fications had been augmented now that
this country had prepared to defend its
neutrality.

  Our skipper stopped in a hallway and
held a mumbling talk with Olaf, who
said: “My cousin thinks it best that he
does not go with us to the German con-
sulate. Men who go there are some-
times watched—particularly if the Nor-
wegian coast guards are not fond of
them!”

  "Good/'’ I replied. “We can find it.
You know where to meet him when we
are through with our business?”

  That point arranged, we separated,
and Olaf and I made inquiries to find
the consulate. We found it in the resi-
dential district, where a very fine house,
surrounded . by exquisite gardens, be-
tokened the presence of some German
official of far more importance than one
might have expected in such a post, al-
though Bergen has between seventy-five
and a hundred thousand inhabitants.
From the fiagstaff in front fluttered
the Prussian eagles, and, on entering,
we saw that a- portion of the spacious
lower floor had been turned into a
series of offices.

  There were at least a dozen attend-
ants, clerks, and secretaries, as well as
two door tenders, whose civilian clothes
could not conceal the patent fact that
they were well-drilled and well-set-up
soldiers of the kaiser’s army. They
barred our way and asked if we had
an appointment. The fact that I an-
swered them in German, however,
caused them to show us a little more
consideration. I did not ask to see the
consul, knowing that to do so would
probably delay us. All I wished was
to get past the door. We were finally
sent into a waiting room, where, for
a long time, we watched others' come
and go before a clerk came out and
asked us our business.

  For a few minutes it seemed to me
that this haughty youngster might pre-
vent us from seeing any one but him-
self.

  “His excellency has no time to waste
on fishermen,” he declared petulantly,
THB PHANTOM U-<BOAT

125

and this time I adopted the right atti-
tude with him. I laid my hand on his
shoulder until the fingers sunk in, and
commanded him.

  “You go in at once,” I said, with
my face less than a foot from his, “and
tell his excellency, and no one else, that
there are two men here who wish to
see him on business of the highest and
most confidential nature, and that they
decline to give their names. Now go!”

  I gave him a shove that threw him
halfway toward the door, and, by my
very lack of respect for him, I presume,
convinced him that we were certainly
something more than fishermen, despite
our garb. I have observed this trucu-
lence toward inferiors and cringing
toward superiors to be a characteristic
of not only a certain type of Americans,
but also prevalent among Germans. In
any case, a bold front is the one to
assume, as was proven by the rather
prompt return of my young man who,
in a very subdued manner, informed us
that we could see the consul within a
very few minutes. Eventually we were
conducted through one large office
where two men wrote rapidly, through
a little antechamber, and then into the
august presence of the consul himself.
He sat with military stiffness in his
chair, and, though surrounded with a
warmth of luxury, was himself as cold
as a piece of Trondhjem ice. He bored
us through with that unblinking, blank
stare that is carefully drilled into a
Prussian officer and expresses neither
fearlessness of soul nor complacent
self-confidence. To some it is embar-
rassing; but I was not in the least dis-
concerted, and, I fancy, gave him a
little better than he sent, inasmuch as
his pale eyes finally, flickered and
veiled themselves.

  “What is it you wish?” he demanded,
without show of courtesy, and, some-
what to Olaf’s perturbation, I think, I
calmly, indeed, almost ostentatiously,
got a chair for myself and dropped my

rough cap on the floor before reply-
ing.

  “We came here to ask what salvage
your government would pay for the
submarine boat called the Sea Fox,” I
said bluntly.

  The effect was peculiar. Mask it as
he tried to, I saw the consul betray a
most puzzling and intense interest. His
hands suddenly tightened over the
arms of his chair, and his head jerked
forward a trifle, while his eyes opened
wider, and this time were not blank.

  “I have never heard of such a boat,”
he declared, after apparently thinking
over the nature of his reply before
speaking, and I knew then and there
that he lied. “The boats of his im-
perial majesty are invariably known by
class letters and numbers,” he con-
cluded.

  “Not when they are experimental
boats of such formidable and unknown
qualities as to necessitate the"' utmost
secrecy on their initial trips,” I as-
serted.

  For a full minute he shifted his eyes
to the window and stared out over
the garden. A minute is a long time
in which to sit and think. I did1 some
of it myself, and concluded that I had
best be on guard; that I had stumbled
into something whose importance was
so highly esteemed and carefully
guarded by the German government
that it might prove a dangerous secret;
that this was no case involving a mere
negotiation for salvage, a dickering for
the highest price, and a surrender of
the vessel that we shipwrecked men
had recovered, improved, and brought
to this neutral port.

  “What do you know about the Sea
Fox?” demanded the consul, so quickly,
as he abruptly swung his eyes on me
again, that I was convinced he had
hoped to take me off guard.

  “But you have assured me there is
no such German boat,” I parried, and
126

THE cPOcPULA<R MAGAZINE

lie flushed, knowing that I had called
his attempt.

  His eyes dropped? and he put a none
too steady hand out and toyed with a
tiny paper cutter in the shape of a
Prussion sword that lay on his polished
desk.

  '‘That is scarcely an answer to my
question,” he said.

  “Nor have you answered the first
one I formulated,” I retorted. “I
asked you what your government
would pay for the salvage of its sub-
marine experimental boat called the
Sea Fox." I laid emphasis on my
words, and paused to let them sink in,
and then added: “The boat to be deliv-
ered into your hands, at—at a stipu-
lated place within reason.”

  It was his turn to smile at me, a
mere flicker of his eyes. He had
caught my one stammering hesitancy.

  “Well, suppose we will say, for argu-
ment’s sake, you have her here-”

  “I have not said so,” I interjected.
“I asked what salvage would be paid
for her at a stipulated place.”

  “Which indicates that you have her
111 seaworthy condition,” he said. And
now I knew more than ever that I w*as
dealing with a cool, dangerous man,
whose brain was not of the lagging
order.

  “You cannot expect me to guarantee
her seaworthiness,” I said. “All that
your government can reasonably ask,
or do, is to state what price it will pay
for the Sea Fox, landed at a point
within reason, which predicates the
possibility that she is seaworthy.”

  I think perhaps the consul concluded
that his task might not prove so easy,
for again he gazed abstractedly out of
the window for a long time, and then,
as if to render me more nervous by the
wait, got up and walked to it, and im-
politely turned his back on us. He
walked deliberately back, leaned across
his desk, and, almost glaring at me,

snapped out: “You are an English-
man !”

  “I am not!” I retorted, with equal
vehemence. “I am an American.”
Instantly he came back at me in flaw-
less English: “Have you anything to
prove that assertion ?”

  In English I replied; but he had me
at a disadvantage, inasmuch as I had
no proof whatever of my nationality:
“One does not have to prove his na-
tionality when he submits a proposition
to salvage.”

  “You are no fisherman, regardless of
your clothes,” he added, still speaking
English. It was weak.

  “Of course I am not,” I retorted.
“The exigencies of my situation make
it necessary for me to observe secrecy
in any negotiation I may undertake.
Would you prefer that I come here
with a silk hat and a trumpeter, shout-
ing aloud through the streets that I was
on my way to return to Germany the
submarine on which she had experi-
mented, and that might prove to pos-
sess unprecedented powers ?”

  “And if you are a sailor,” he de-
clared, after he had recovered from
that jolt, “you are not a common one,
but a man of an educated and trained
mind.”

  I did not reply, preferring to leave
him questioning. With a rare change,
that proved him to have been schooled
in the German style of diplomacy, he
suddenly altered all his tactics, and
leaned back and laughed with a gr.eat
assumption of heartiness. I might
have been deceived had he assumed this
role in the first instance; but he was
too late.

  “Of course I know something about
a boat called the Sea Fox,” he said.
“But it is not always wise to say too
much until one is certain to whom one
talks. Is it? Eh? But you speak a
very fine German, friend. For a time
you almost fooled me.”
THE ‘PHANTOM U-<BOAT	127

  “I won an honor in my class,” I
stated, which was but the truth.

  “A very good German, indeed.
Come, let us get down to brass tacks,
as some of your countrymen used to
say when I was—attached to Washing-
ton. Where is the Sea Fox, where did
you find her, where is her crew, and
exactly in what condition is she?”

  “I am glad to hear you admit there
is such a boat,” I answered, readily
enough. “I found her off the coast of
Iceland, with her dead crew aboard.
What do you think she would be able
to do if perfected?” I concluded with
a burst of vanity that I now regret, but
.it was not for myself that it was voiced,
but more that credit should be given
Jack Masters and the scientist-engineer
Wirtz, who had solved the problem of
modern storage batteries.

  “What can you make her do ?” he
countered so quickly that I was again
on guard.

  “What salvage rs she worth to you,
in gold, if she can do all she was be-
lieved capable of doing?” I asked,
avoiding the giving of information as
readily as he.

  He swung his massive head toward
Olaf, who was still standing helplessly,
and listening with open mouth.

  “Wouldn’t you like to sit down?” the
consul asked, in friendly manner, as if
for the first time aware that Olaf was
still standing. Instantly Olaf touched
his forelock with a man-o’-war’s man’s
salute and said: “Thank you, sir.”

  “I suppose you are a partner in this
enterprise, are you not?” asked the
consul, eying Olaf steadily.

  “Whatever the captain says is good
enough for me, sir; I can’t interfere,
sir,” and he spoke it all with that devil-
ish cockney accent of the East End of
London, where he had learned the
tongue!

  “What part of America do you come
from?” asked the consul, with a great
pretense of politeness, and poor Olaf,

who dared not admit that he was still
a Norwegian subject, stammered, pit-
fully mumbled something about New
York, and twisted his cap.

  I began to see the trend of the con-
sul’s question, and was annoyed with
myself for letting Olaf come with me;
but it had seemed necessary. I stopped
this line of question by interrupting.

  “It seems to me,” I said, “that the
question of nationality or who, or what
we are, does not at all enter into this.
I insist that we are here to make a
fair-and-square offer of salvaging the
submarine Sea Fox, and should like to
know what the German government is
prepared to offer.”

  “My dear captain,” suavely replied
the consul—and I took note of the way
he emphasized the title—“it is very
essential to my government to know
where you have the Sea Fox, and in
what condition you propose to turn her
over to my government’s representa-
tives. If she is seaworthy, and in good
condition, it would be far better for
you to turn her over to a German crew
that I might possibly provide, and ac-
company her to Swinemiinde, on the
Baltic, where you could make the best
of terms.”

  “No,” I said flatly, “I decline to con-
sider that proposition. We deal here.
Why not make us an offer?”

  He considered that for a long time,
and, as if the problem were one requir-
ing careful action, fell to walking al-
most absent-mindedly backward and
forward in his room. That he did con-
sider the question important was estab-
lished by the fact that when a secretary
tapped on the door and opened it,
thrusting in a cropped blond head, the
consul brusquely swept him away with
his hand and a curt order that he was
not to be disturbed. I watched his
peregrinations, hoping from some word
or movement to gather together the
causes of his reluctance; to know what
he was striving for, to see how strong
128

THE VOW LAV MAGAZINE

a hand he played. I saw him lift his
head and move a little faster, as if he
had come to a determination, and then
he stopped and faced me, and held out
his hand with that same pretense of
frank friendliness.

  “This is a matter that I shall have
to take up with Berlin,” he said. “For
I am, after all, but a consul—a mere
consul—in this place. I have not much
authority of my own. It is a naval
matter, of course, and—where did you
say the Sea Fox is now ?”

  “I did not say,” I responded, accept-
ing his hand and ignoring the fact that
it was about, as warm and friendly as
a shark’s tail. “I asked what price

would-”

  “Yes, yes! I’ll ask and find out
about that,” he said, as if I had not
just again declined to answer his ques-
tion. “I’ll communicate at once. Could
you call here—say—to-morrow, at this
same hour?”

  He consulted his watch slowly and
steadfastly, as if it required a mental
calculation to compute the time of day,
and, when I said “Yes,” promptly
made a memorandum on a tablet that
lay on his desk.

  “Very well,” he said, smiling and
straightening his shoulders, as if more
accustomed to uniformed collars than
loose civilian garb; “I shall see that

you are admitted at once, Captain-”

  “Roberts,” said I, preserving my
identity.

 He made another memorandum of
the fictitious name I had given him,
and, with a very strained graciousness
and air of friendliness, bowed us to the
door.

CHAPTER VII.

  We found Olaf’s cousin in the rear
end of a water-front inn, and I was
impressed by the manner of his finding.
Olaf came in and mumbled something
to the proprietor, who, clad in an apron
that had some time been white, was

serving drinks to numerous men of the
sailor type, and I saw the proprietor
cast a scrutinizing glance at me before
he disappeared in the rear. A little
later he appeared.in the dark passage-
way, and, still out of sight of the men
at the tables, nodded to Olaf and made
a gesture.

  “We are to wait here,” mumbled
Olaf, and proceeded to buy some
drinks. We sat at a table to drink
them, and watched the patrons of the
place, most of whom appeared to be
mere idlers, until Olaf’s cousin ap-
peared and led the way into the street.

  His boat, the Norskman, had been
burdened with several bales and boxes
during our absence.

  “Trading goods!” explained Olaf,
with that same surreptitious wink that
was so eloquent.

  I thought it best not to appear too
curious, so said nothing during the
homeward journey. The fiord in day-
light appeared almost populous. There
was a constant stream of small craft
ascending, and descending, up to the
point where we turned off for our own
inlet, but when we entered it we were
at once in a lonely little water of our
own. It was a veritable retreat. I
wondered, as we passed over the spot
Where the Sea Fox lay at rest on the
bottom, if Jack and the crew were
asleep, or if they listened to the sound
of our screw above them.

  We were waiting on the end of the
wharf at midnight, when we saw the
first disturbance of the water begin,
then the swirl and curl, as first the
periscope and then the top of the con-
ning tower lifted out of the water, like
some sea monster come from the depths
to stare about. We were aboard within
a few minutes, and telling Jack and the
crew of what had taken place.

 There was vast disappointment
aboard the boat that our deal had not
come to a speedier conclusion, and it
was voiced, although respectfully
THE ‘PHANTOM U-BOAT

129

enough to avoid offense. I sympathized
with all of them, for, if any one be-
lieves that a submarine, no matter how
luxurious and commodious, can be
other than a steel prison when men are
confined to it for weeks, he has never
been aboard one. And here our fel-
lows were not only debarred from
going on land, to move freely, but
compelled to remain submerged about
twenty-two hours out of twenty-four,
and therefore cut off from the open
air. Worst of all, the negotiations
might last a full week longer.

  The crew fell to talking among
themselves as they lounged about the
deck and looked longingly at the moon-
lit shores; and Jack, Olaf, Scruggs,
Tinker, and I were going over the situ-
ation, when the Norwegian gave a start
and pointed down toward the entrance
to the little harbor. A boat was com-
ing in, much to our alarm. I was about
to call the crew to quarters, when Olaf
laid a hand on my arm.

  “It’s all right,” he said.. “That’s my
cousin’s boat; but something has gone
wrong with him.”

  “Gone wrong?”

  “Yes, sir. The fact is—I don’t know
as I should tell it, but you may as well
know—he started out a while ago to
supply a German boat with fuel and
supplies.”

  “Then that means-” I started to

say, but saw Olaf shake his head du-
biously. The boat came steadily up
until she was almost abreast of us, and
then Olaf hailed in a voice that was
softened to a mere call. His cousin
answered, and the engines stopped.
The way of the boat brought her to
within a few yards of our own, where
she lay on the still water. They talked
for a minute, and Olaf turned to us.

  “My cousin has had a narrow es-
cape. Government patrol boats are out
down toward the mouth of the fiord.
Had he not been warned by a boatman
he keeps down there for such emer-
9B p

gency, he would have blundered into
them. It’s hard luck, all right. If the
patrol happened to come here at any
time and catch his boat loaded to the
gunnels with that kind of stuff, it would

be-” He snapped his fingers and

shook his head to indicate calamity.

  “Hang it all!” I exclaimed to Jack.
“He’s been mighty decent to us. Here’s
a way where we can play even. We
can take his cargo and pay for it out
of the ship’s money. The consul can
have no kick coming merely because
we bought supplies. In fact, if we come
to terms, he might be thankful to us
for turning her over in full form, and
pay more salvage for that very reason.
Eh?”

  “Sure as you’re a foot high!” my
partner answered. “Let’s take ’em!”

  “It would be a big help to him if you
did,” asserted Olaf, who had been lis-
tening with some eagerness.

  “Then tell him we will take all he
has at the prices he would have been
paid by the German commander,” I
said, and Olaf translated the message
across the water.

  The estuary was so still that we
actually moored the boats together for
the transfer, and the smuggler was the
first to come aboard and shake our
hands. He babbled in his own tongue.

  “My cousin says he is grateful—that
he is already suspected, and therefore
likely to be watched—that for you to
take his cargo makes it certain he will
not be caught—that he thinks it best to
work fast,” Olaf translated, in jerky
sentences; and I lost no time in giving
the necessary orders. All of us fell to
and worked with a rush, and it was a
pretty sight. Most of the men were
stripped to the waists as they warmed
up, and the moonlight shone on their
sweating backs and quickly moving
muscles as they brought barrels aboard,
attached them to the intakes, pulled
empties away, and stove in their heads
that they might be weighted and sunk,
L30

THE cPOcPULAcR MAGAZINE

or carried boxes of provisions below,
through the forward hatchway. There
was not a supply in the lot that had
not been specially packed to fit the re-
quirements of a submarine, whose hatch
space is necessarily limited.

  I will admit that the prices I had to
pay were pretty steep, but I have not
the least doubt that they were exactly
the ones that Olaf’s cousin would have
received had he delivered his goods to
their intended purchaser. Moreover, I
did not particularly care if he did make
a big profit, because the German gov-
ernment should and must pay.

  We stood on the deck in the moon-
light, and Olaf’s cousin was preparing
to cast off. My men, who had re-
clothed themselves, stood watching him
enviously, when I recalled how hard
they had worked and how obedient and
willing they had proved themselves.

  Impulsively I called to Olaf’s skip-
per cousin to hold a moment, and then
spoke to Jack:

  “Say, it looks pretty tough to keep
all the men here this way. Why can’t
we give some of them shore leave?
What do you think?”

  “I think it’s a good idea,” he said
promptly. “There’s no use in all of us
being cooped up there on the bottom
day after day for perhaps a week or
ten days. Tinker and I can submerge
her and bring her to the surface again
just as well as fifty men could. But do
you think we dare let ’em loose ?”
“Not here, in a little place like this,”
I said; “but maybe we could arrange
it with the skipper.”

  I called Olaf, and told him what we
proposed to do, and he held a long
conversation with his cousin.

  “My cousin says that if they can be
depended on, he will take them ashore,
stow them away below early in the
morning, run down to a place we know
where they can be landed, and they can
walk to Bergen. Then he can pick

them up in the evening, and bring them
back.”

  “Good. Tell him I will pay what is
right,” I said, and Olaf patiently trans-
lated.

  I called the crew up abaft the super-
structure and laid it down to them.

  “If you men could give your abso-
lute word of honor that you’ll stay
dead-cold sober, and keep your mouths
shut, I will arrange for a day on shore,”
I began, and they threatened to forget
the necessities for silence and break
into a cheer, but I checked them.

  “For Heaven’s sake, don’t yell!” I
commanded. “We can’t afford to take
any chances whatsoever until we’re in
the clear again! That’s why I insist
that if you do go ashore to-morrow no
man is to take a drink. He might
talk too much.”

  “That’s quite right, captain!” as-
serted Scruggs. “And the police com-
mittee will see to it that no man does,
if you give us shore leave. How about
it, boys?”

  Their protestations lacked nothing of
fervency.

  “Then get below and clean up,” I
said. “Look as decent as you can.
You’re supposed to be merchant sailors
off some Yankee smoke boat.”

  Olaf talked with his cousin again,
and the latter said he would return in
two hours, when he thought it would
be best to start; but he was puzzled
how the boat could submerge with but
two men aboard when told that this
was the number to remain. Olaf ex-
plained, but the skipper shook his head
stolidly.

  “How much does she draw?” he
asked, and I told Olaf her depth when
on the surface.

  More talk followed, and Olaf said:
“He says why not take her to a place
he knows—a grotto—and let her stay
there? She will be safe, and he trusts
that the two men left will not touch
anything they find there.”
THE PHANTOM U-'BOAT

131

  Full of sympathy for'Jack and Tin-
ker, I assured him that the boat was
better on the surface than resting on
the bottom of the sea, and also that it
gave the Sea Fox s. chance to remain
open during the day. Another long
conversation ensued, that was partici-
pated in by the members of the skip-
per’s crew, and a watch was frequently
consulted. I began to wonder what the
hitch was, before Olaf explained:

  “The place they go to is deep enough
at any time, but only a small boat can
come out at low tide. I can take you in
at any time, and you can come up in-
side, but he wants the men to agree
that they will forget all about it after
they leave here. You see, it’s not
known by anybody but a very few men
of this village. They don’t tell their
wives, even. My cousin and his crew'
say you have proved to be white men,
and they trust you, but they don’t want
any one to know about this place.”

  I took my usual recourse, and talked
to the crew. I think I had a blunt elo-
quence that night when I gave them a
man’s talk on being loyal and square to
any one who was loyal and square to
them. And it worked. They gave a
few more words in attestation than I
can tell you. The skipper of the smug-
gler stood behind Olaf at the wheel,
and his vessel slowly followed astern
when we turned on the power, and ran
farther up the inlet, until it narrowed
to a point where the rays of the moon
barely penetrated. The skipper said
something to Olaf at a moment when
it appeared to me we were about to
butt our nose into the cliff, and Olaf
signaled to stop the engines. We
drifted slowly toward the glistening
face of the cliff before we came to a
full stop, and the Sea Fox lost way.

  “We shall have to submerge to about
eight fathoms, sir,” Olaf said, and I
gave the order, taking a chance on
his proven skill.

  Then for a minute we went slowly

ahead. Once I heard her rub, and I
think, from the vehement remarks they
interchanged in their native tongue,
that Olaf and the skipper were both
annoyed and frightened, and then,
slowly, we emerged and lay quietly on
the surface. I looked about. It was
darker than black velvet. The moon’s
rays no longer cleared the blackness.
Olaf picked" up an electric torch from
a convenient shelf, and we opened the
conning-tower hatch,- and climbed on
deck. He waved it aloft, and I saw
that we were in an immense cavern,
whose roof gave back stray reflections,
where surface moisture had crept
through fissures.

  “Over there,” said Olaf, pointing
with his torch, “we pass out.”

  He extinguished the torch, and, even
as I looked, I saw a boat silhouetted
against a bright spot in the background,
its rowers stooping low to avoid the
rocky roof. The torch flared again,
and the rowers came alongside. The
crew came tumbling up from below,
and took turns in being transported to
the smuggler’s boat outside, where, out
on a lark, they stowed themselves away
like sardines in a tin. I left on the
last trip and felt sorry for Jack and
Tinker, who were doomed to spend the
day in idleness.

  Most of us napped on the way down
to the place where we were to be
landed, and there again we came to a
trial, for we had to scale a cleft in the
rock to a little, wooded plateau, after
which, we were assured, there would
be some more climbing, that would
bring us out on top, barely three miles
from the outskirts of Bergen.

  With the seaman’s habit of catching
naps when possible, we all tumbled to
the patch of grass in the copse and
slept. The sun was high when the first
man aroused, and, with Olaf in the
lead, we resumed our march. We made
our way, in groups, but keeping sight
of one another, to the smuggler’s inn,
132

THE tPOVULAtR MAGAZINE

where we took up nearly all the land-
lord’s dining room, and had a very late
breakfast. I felt liberal now that we
were so near to real money, and in-
vited all hands to be there at three
o’clock in the afternoon for a dinner
at my expense, so confident was I of
forthcoming success. I felt as if we
were about to separate and scatter out
to the seven seas after our common
vicissitudes; that the end of our adven-
ture was in sight; that my command of
the Sea Fox, with its attendant respon-
sibilities, was almost terminated. I
was actually saddened by the thought
when Olaf and I bade the crew good-by
and hastened away to the consulate.

  This time there was no difficulty in
reaching his excellency. We were im-
mediately ushered in, to receive a
cordial greeting. He shook hands with
each of us, as if we had become friends.
He was urbane and smiling.

  “I am sorry,” he said, after his greet-
ing, ‘‘that I have had no reply to my
queries, save an acknowledgment of re-
ceipt, and the assurance that we shall
be able to quote figures late this eve-
ning.” He threw his heavy, white
hands upward in a gesture of annoy-
ance. “War time renders it difficult
for all of us. It takes hours to get a
reply that in ordinary moments would
be answered by a prompt ‘Yes’ or
‘No.’ I am sure you appreciate the
difficulties, captain.”

  He swept away any lingering distrust
I had by his sheer loquacity and friend-
liness. He pulled open a cabinet at the
side of the room and tendered a drink,
asking us to name our choice.

  “What’s yours—or, ‘What’ll you
have?’” he asked, with a laugh, and
added gayly: “You see, I did not neg-
lect my study of your colloquialisms
while resident in your magnificent
country. Sometimes I sigh for those
old days when I was so much younger,
and regarded Washington as my home.
Ah, you Americans are a wonderful

people. Your great men are so frank,
so outspoken, so sincere. European
diplomacy strikes one as foolishly ob-
scure, and needless, after one becomes
acquainted with your blunt, straight-
forward methods. You do not drink?
Very well, you can do me the favor of
smoking. I am rather proud of my
cigars. They are the best I have ever
smoked. Fine, as you say in America !”

 He offered us an open box of
Havana cigars; and, somehow, I had a
flash of real intelligence that made me
pause to digest it.

  W"hy was it that his excellency, the
consul of his imperial majesty of
Greater Germany smoked cigarettes,
handed us an unbroken box of Havana
cigars, lighted one himself, and then
carelessly threw it aside and lighted a
cigarette? Somehow it seemed like the
action of a man who was dissembling.
And why this outburst of camaraderie
without cause ? A salvage operation
does not imply a mushroom friendship,
and I judged by his cold attitude on
our first audience that he was hardly
the man to become cordial in one meet-
ing. He smiled with his lips, and not
with his pale eyes, that were always
hard and bright. The smile did not ex-
tend above the corners of his lips and
nostrils. Moreover, there was about
him a nervousness of enterprise that
had not been apparent on our previous
visit. He consulted a desk pad, on
which were scribbled appointments,
excused himself, as if perplexed by one
of them, and passed into another room.
I wondered why he had not summoned
one of his numerous secretaries if he
wished information, and looked at
Olaf, who was staring absently at the
window. The wait was extended, and
I got to my feet and looked idly out of
the consulate window on the garden be-
low, trying to resolve into something
cohesive the little discrepancies that
had, perhaps oversuspiciously, regis-
tered in my mind.
THE PHANTOM U-<BOAT

133

  When I looked around, Olaf was
standing beside the desk, calmly
going through some papers in a desk
basket on the consul’s desk. I had not
time to reprimand him, for we heard
voices outside, and were seated .when
the consul returned.

  “I find,” he said, “that I have ap-
pointments until my dinner hour, cap-
tain, and guests to dinner. It is awk-
ward. 'Very awkward! For I suppose
I shall have to act as entertainer for at
least an hour or so after the conclusion
of our meal. Doubtless you are eager
to get the matter of the Sea Fox set-
tled immediately. I know how you
Americans hustle, you see. Of course
you are stopping here, in the city?”
The flash of his eyes told me that he
had resorted to his old shallow attempt
at surprise.

  “Of course,” I answered. “Where
else, pray? The interior of Norway
has few hotels.”

  “Then would it be asking too much
of you to return here at—say—ten
o’clock this evening? That makes it
certain that I shall have received a
reply to my very urgent inquiries.”
“Ten o’clock it is,” I said, arising,
and again he conducted us to the door.

  We trudged a long way down the
street and came to the business section
before either of us spoke. Olaf broke
my chain of thought by suddenly stop-
ping and looking at me with his lazy
blue eyes, that somehow no longer
looked so stupid to me as they had
prior to our last few days’ association.
I was learning that under this mask of
stolidity was a keen mind.

  “Well, what do you think of him?”
he asked.

 “I scarcely know. He has done
nothing that was unreasonable, and yet
—little things! Trifles. Why?”

  “I’ve thought the same,” he said
quietly. “That man’s up to some game.
Why ten o’clock to-night? That’s a
late hour for a big German official,

when he might as well have said: ‘Come
to-morrow, because I may not have an
answer until late.’ ”

. “That is true,” I admitted. “And,
yet, this is no ordinary transaction. In
the first place, he knows our demand
is going to be large. Next, he wants
to know exactly what we have to de-
liver, and in what condition, and where.
Next, I’ve an idea that he wishes to get
credit from his kaiser for an exceed-
ingly adroit piece of work, because
William Hohenzollern is liberal in re-
warding those who serve him well.
And, last of all, neither the consul nor
the German government desire any-
thing so much as secrecy regarding
their possession of such a boat as they
think the Sea Fox might prove to be.
In keeping that secret is their strength,
inasmuch as they propose to make sub-
marines their chief naval aim, and can-
not hope to conquer at sea unless their
submarines prove capable of handling
the British navy. They know that they
haven’t a dog’s chance at sea unless the
submarine does make good, because,
argue as any one will, it’s a dead open-
and-shut fact that Britain does rule the
seas, has the best navy in the-world,
and,more trained and competent sailors
than any other nation can possibly
have in less than twenty years’ hard
work.”

  I had been arguing to myself, try-
ing to bring my own conjectures to a
head through the sound of my own
voice; mumbling my words there, at a
street corner, while busy men passed
to and fro.

  “They’ve got to have that sub-
marine,” I said, when my companion
did not immediately respond. “And
they’ve got to pay our price.”

  “But suppose they won’t pay until
they get possession of the boat?” Olaf
insisted, in his slow cockney drawl.

  “Then they shan’t have her until they
put the money up in the hands of some
third party,” I said.
134

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

  Olaf shook his head and stared ab-
sently at the pavement. I saw that he
was opposed to any condition but cash
in hand.

 “You don’t trust the consul?” I
asked.

  ‘‘No, I don’t! He’s too smooth. He’s
up to something.”

  I laughed derisively.

  “He doesn’t dare attempt anything
irregular,” I declared. “We are big
enough to hold our own. We’ve got
the whip hand of it. He will probably
try to get something for nothing, but
we can beat him at his own game. I
don’t trust him, either; but he has got
to come to our terms.”

  Olaf still shook his head, then con-
sulted a battered old silver watch, and
said he thought it was time for us to
have that dinner with our crew. I
was neither depressed nor in high fettle
when we resumed our walk to the
smuggler’s inn. In fact, I was absorbed
in thinking over what sum I could rea-
sonably declare my minimum.

  W'e found the crew waiting for us,
and they were duly sober. I was rather
proud of those chaps and the way they
kept their pledges. I bought the din-
ner from the ship’s funds, and it wasn’t
a bad one, either, save that the light
German claret was our strongest liba-
tion. I told them that I would meet
them at the inn that evening at some
time between eleven o’clock and mid-
night, and that they were to wait for
me, and then asked Olaf to go with me
to purchase a list of articles that Jack
had asked me to get. Out in the street
he turned back, saying that he had for-
gotten to tell the men that if any of
them needed an interpreter he would
get them a safe man from the inn.

 “Go ahead,” I said. • “That is
thoughtful of you, all right. They
should have somebody they can trust to
pilot them round. I’ll pay for it.”

  And he hastened back into the low-
ceilinged, dingy, oak-beamed room

where he had dined. I began to be
restless before he appeared, but he was
filled with apologies. He said he had
arranged for a man to go with them
and show them the sights, and diverted
my thought by calling attention to some
of the strange sights that can be seen
in that Far Northern city. He borrowed
money from me to buy a magazine gun,
saying that he had long wished to make
a present to his cousin. I offered him
one I had in my pocket, that I had
found in the Sea Fox’s cabin, but he
scorned it because it was slightly rusty.

  “No, when I make a present to my
cousin,” he said, “it must be no second-
hand thing.”

  And, smiling at his stubbornness, I
watched him buy an expensive pistol
and some cartridges, wondering, in the
meantime, how much the skipper-smug-
gler would appreciate such a weapon,
and whether he might ever have occa-
sion to use it. He bought a small elec-
tric torch for his own use and thrust it
into his hip pocket. He bought sweets
that he munched in the streets, and a

concertina, that he tested with much

 J i

skill and carried around with him un-
der his arm. Evidently he was enjoy-
ing himself. But, despite our dallying,
we rang the consul’s bell at exactly ten
o’clock, and were immediately received.

CHAPTER VIII.

 The room was very brilliantly
lighted. One caught such strong re-
flections from the glass chandelier
above the consul’s desk that each
article upon the latter lay as upon a
mirror of black. 'The heavy curtains
had been carefully drawn over the two
windows in the apartment and over
the French doors leading to the gar-
den. The place impressed one with
somber elegance and—conspiracies.

  The consul beckoned us to chairs;
but Olaf, blundering and awkward,
did not take the one pointed out to
THE ‘PHANTOM U-<BOAT

135

him, but crossed to another, in front
of one of the windows, sat heavily
down on it, first hung his cap ,on the
back, then, as if ashamed of this dis-
courtesy, removed it, carefully rubbed
off the chair standard as if to free it
from contamination, and put his cap
on the floo.r. The consul smiled a trifle
beneath his upturned mustache, and
addressed himself to me after he had
dropped into the big, ornate chair be-
hind the desk.

  “Well, what price have you decided
would be fair for the Sea Fox, delivered
to us here, or at a place we may name
conveniently near here?”

  We Americans have the reputation
abroad of being rather keen when it
comes to bargaining; but I don’t think
that ordinarily I am. If the submarine
had been mine, individually, I should
have probably named a ridiculously
moderate price, but the fact that Jack
Masters and all that crew had so
blindly trusted me and left affairs in
my personal care, made me a bit of
a booster. Also I knew that we had
perfected her, which was worth con-
siderable, and, furthermore, she was
more valuable to Germany, in her fight,
than any naval implement in her pos-
session. The combination made me
bold.

  “We regard her as worth just five
hundred thousand dollars in American
gold,” I said quietly.

  The consul’s eyes grew round, he
elevated his eyebrows, pursed his lips
as if to whistle, and then leaned his
head back from his stiff, rigid shoul-
ders and laughed.

  “Did you say five hundred thousand,
or five thousand ?” he inquired, with
mock politeness.

  Very calmly I repeated the figures.

  “And I suppose,” he said dryly,
“that you wouldn’t take a cent less ?”

  His manner was as annoying to me
as any manner could have been. He
was not only patronizing, but jeering.

He was not only jeering, but he was
totally insincere.

  “Not a cent less.”

  “And I suppose, also, that you can
deliver her here, if I ask it, in perfect
running order ?”

  It was on the very tip of my tongue
to say “Yes,” but he spoiled it by add-
ing : “With her original crew intact,
eh? And any experimental defects of
construction she might have had com-
pletely remedied? Also with a guaran-
tee that she is the original Sea Fox?”

  I did not answer. I was amazed
by his attitude. I could not in the least
conjecture what he was aiming at.

  “You choose to make a joke of
this,” I said coldly. “But you are mak-
ing a grave mistake, I assure you. You
are not dealing with intellectual 'crip-
ples. We care for neither your jokes
nor your patronage. Personally I have
no wish to prolong this affair. Why
don’t you say what you are prepared
to offer? You doubtless know by this
time where the Sea Fox was built,
what it was hoped she could do, and
what she originally cost, don’t you ?”
“Do you?” he asked, stiffening in
his chair and dropping his air of good
nature.

  “Some of it—yes.”

  “And you would like, Captain Rob-
erts, to know the rest of it, wouldn't
you ? That part that you don’t know ?”
“I should be interested, certainly.”
His eyes suddenly narrowed and
flashed. His hair, close-cropped and
gray, appeared to bristle. His body
tensed in the chair, and he brought a
fist banging down on the top of the
mahogany desk with such force that
the bronze inkstand and ornaments
thereon rattled.

  “You English are fools!” he roared.
“You never can understand that the
German is so superior to you in in-
tellect that he laughs at you—derides
you—and is only amused by your silly
blunders. You thought you could
136

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

come here and get information. Bah!
Look at this!”

  He jerked a consular telegraphic
form from his desk, transmitted in
code, and with a copy of the meaning
attached. He handed it to me, and I
read:

  Sea Fox proved failure. Undoubtedly
sunk in North Sea maiden trip. Collapsible
bearing her name and sailors’ belongings
found, together with one body of crew. How
did spies learn of her importance ? Get in-
formation at all cost.

  “If I could prove to you-”

  “You can prove nothing!” he thun-
dered. “You can ask no questions!
You must and shall answer my ques-
tions, and if you don’t I shall not hesi-
tate to use force—you -- English

swine !”

  Now, I have never been accustomed
to submit to abuse. I’d rather fight
and lose than submit to it. Also, al-
though I can ordinarily control my tem-
per, there are times when I cannot.
To sit tamely and have this big,
egotistical bluffer jump on me that way
and attempt to shut me up like an im-
pertinent schoolboy dressed down by
his teacher was a little too much.

  “I’m neither English, nor a fool!”
I retorted hotly. “I’m not a spy nor
a pretender of any sort. You will al-
low me to say, whether you wish it or
not, that you yourself are one of the
biggest asses I have ever had the mis-
fortune to meet. I’ve known many in-
telligent Germans, highly intelligent,
and I’m amazed that your government
should have selected so stupid a fel-
low as yourself to represent them.
You’ll make me do something? Rats!
You can’t make me do anything I
don’t wish to. Try it on, and then,
after you get as much sense thumped
into your thick skull as an American
schoolboy has, we’ll resume our talk
about salvage.”

I had said more than I intended to,
being rather intoxicated and elated by

the play of his features. I never saw
a man so astonished, so shocked, so
paralyzed by the unexpected. He went
white, red, and purple. He gurgled,
stammered, puffed, and spouted, but
some slight touch of sanity returned
to him, some hesitancy of caution and
cunning.

  “Can you prove that you are an
American ?” he demanded.

  “I don’t have to, to you,” I replied;
and then he laid his hand on the table.

  “You’ll have to before you go,” he
announced. “You are on German soil
when you are in this consulate. I ac-
cuse you and your confederate of
being English spies, and shall hold you
until I am convinced to the contrary.”

  “If you try that on, you will prove
yourself a bigger fool than I took you
to be, which will be going1 consider-
ably,” I said.

  He accepted my challenge with sur-
prising agility, considering his age and
size. He appeared to leap from his
chair without using his legs, and, be-
fore either Olaf or I could intervene,
had reached and jerked a bell cord by
the side of the mantelpiece. Instantly
the two doors of the apartment opened,
and four men with sabers rushed in.

  I knew at once that we were in for
a fight, and, furthermore, that his ex-
cellency proposed that it should be a
noiseless one, because otherwise his
underlings would have been armed
with better weapons.

  But his men were not afraid. I give
them credit for that. Nor was he
without the same sort of courage that
makes a bull try to butt a locomotive
off the track; for, before they were
well in the room, I had my gun pointed
at his abdomen, and threatened: “If
you undertake to stir this mess up, it’s
a cinch there will be one dead man in
this room, and that will be you. On
the first move they make I’ll let you
have it, as sure as you’re a pig-headed
slob ! That goes !”
THE PHANTOM U-&OAT

137

  I said he was brave. He shouted
in German: “Don’t mind me, men!
Seize him!”

  His men shut the doors behind them
and started forward. My finger,
quite willing and determined, was al-
ready pressing the trigger that would
have certainly meant his death, when
the big French doors came open with
a smash, thrusting the curtains aside,
and, pell-mell, itching for a fight, and
recklessly intent on rescuing Olaf and
me, the crew of the Sea Fox charged
into the room. It was over in a mo-
ment. Olaf seemed to be in command,
and shouted hoarse orders. A chair
came crashing down on the consul’s
head, felling him to the floor. His
soldiers went down, and would have
been kicked and beaten to death, I am
sure, had I not with difficulty dragged
my crew away.

  “Sorry, - captain,” said Olaf, in his
cockney-chopped sentences, “but we
talked it over and thought it best to
keep an eye on this bloke. You trusted
him, sir, but I didn’t take it for mine.
The torch through the window was the
signal that we needed help.”

  I knew then why he had bought both
gun and torch, but it was a sorry mess.
All chance of a deal with the govern-
ment represented so stupidly by his ex-
cellency was gone. For a moment I
thought that he also was; for he lay
where he had fallen, with a rather
nasty scalp wound, and very still, his
arms outflung and his dress-shirt front
liberally stained an ugly color. I
feared each instant to hear servants
battering at the door, and the fact that
none did leads me to believe that his
excellency had cleared them off for the
evening lest his work assume too ugly
a character. However, we took no
chances.

  “Boost up on one another’s shoul-
ders and cut these bell cords carefully,”
I ordered. “Look sharp there, some of
you, and gag these gentlemen.”

  In a jiffy the bell cords were down,
all five of the defeated well bound, and
we were ready to clear. I took a last
look at the consul. His eyes fluttered
open, and, if the baron could have car-
ried out what he threatened by their
expression, my shrift would have been
extremely short.

  “Clear out, men,” I said sharply, and
then, as an afterthought, I scooped all
the papers from the baron’s confiden-
tial tray, thrust them in my pocket,
switched off the lights, and ran out
into the shrubbery. I had no further
idea at the time than that of furnish-
ing the consul further ground for be-
lieving that I was, in truth, a British
spy. The theft of the papers might
help to throw him off the real scent,
a vital hope with me now that it was
certain we had a powerful enemy
against us.

  “We must get back aboard the Sea
Fox and clear out of this at once,”
I said to my men when we were out-
side the consulate grounds. “Lead the
way, Olaf, and all of you scatter out
until we get clear of the town, so we
shan’t attract attention. We’ll join up
outside the place. But keep moving!”

  Olaf, Scruggs, and I took the ad-
vance, and it was very fortunate for
us that Olaf knew the district so
thoroughly, for he led us over a route
so direct, though obscure, that within
a few minutes we were clear of the
last house, and waiting for the others
to close vp. I took cotmt and found
that all were there before we moved on.

  “Well, boys,” I said, crestfallen and
disappointed by my failure, “I’ve
balled the whole thing up ! The deal is
off as far as salvage is concerned.”

  “And it wasn’t his fault, either. I
know. I was there. We were dealing
with a swine, who started to play
crooked from the minute we first met
him. I’m still for the captain!” Olaf
exploded, and gestured as if to de-
fend me.
138

THE <POcPULJlcR MAGAZINE

  “Good for you, lad. But you don’t
have to tell us anything about the skip-
per ! His word still goes for us,”
Scruggs exclaimed.

  “And if it had not been for Olaf,” I
added, “we’d have been trapped like a
pair of weasels.”

  “That’s just what he was afraid of,
sir, when he came back to the restau-
rant and told us, after you left. He
told us how to get there, and that we
was to be there at ten sharp, and to
keep quiet unless we saw a flaslj^from
a window. We didn’t want you to
come to no harm, sir, because there
ain’t one of us that don't say that
you’ve treated us white, clean through!”
exclaimed another.

  There was a rumble of approval,
mixed with some rather profane em-
phasis, from which sounded Scruggs’
voice, saying: “And if the captain
didn’t pull it off, nobody could.”

  Somehow the unqualified and un-
hesitating support of these chaps did
more to buck me up, as I stood there
in the gloom, a very disappointed and
discouraged man, than anything else
could have done. I couldn’t put it in
words; but what I did try to say, and
couldn’t, they seemed to understand, I
got away from a very awTkward and
embarrassing situation by emphasizing
the necessity for haste. Bergen had
me terrified. It had been a port of
hope that failed. There was no tell-
ing how much the consul knew, how
soon the hue and cry would start after
us, nor what charges he would bring
against Olaf and me to get us help-
lessly in his power. Aside from mo-
tives of revenge, he could scarcely let
us get away and keep face with his
home office. He would leave no effort
undone to apprehend us, I was con-
vinced.

  We hastened forward silently, and
in single file, over a hill path. Sounds
wrere magnified, and sight was magni-
fied. Away below us I heard the clear-

ing blasts of a steamer, hoarse and
heavy—some ship sailing away from
this spot that to me was unlucky. I
envied her commander, and, looking
back over my shoulder saw the lights
of Bergen laid out in long lines, the
riding lights in the harbor, and far, far
away, the beacon leading to the cape.

 I trudged along with my angry
thoughts and discouragement. I
thought how’ disappointed Jack would
be when I came trailing back with a
story of defeat, like a whipped hound
with his tail between his legs. Here
was an end to all his dreams that he
had confided to me—dreams that re-
quired money for their realization.

  He had more dreams than I, and
better ones; for there was a woman in
them, friends in them whom he wished
to assist, his own inventions to be
worked to fruitfulness. Mine were—
well—of no similar consequence; be-
cause there was no time limit fixed for
their realization. Why, there was
scarcely a man of the crew that had
not indulged in air castles, and told,
with seaman’s candor, of what he pro-
posed to make his future. Oddly
enough, those born in cities craved
farms, and those born on farms craved
all sorts of ridiculous city enterprises.
I heard a lot from that little navigating
bridge in the calm nights when we were
running on the surface and headed for
Bergen, that had become a Bagdad
where dwelt a caliph wise and generous
who would freely bestow fortune. I
was pretty bitter, I can tell you!

  We scrambled down the steep paths
of the cliff to the copse where we had
slept that morning, through it, and
down the cleft, and found Olaf’s
cousin waiting. He was excited and
distressed. He poured forth a mum-
bled, rapidly told tale to Olaf, who
turned to me.

  “Captain,” he said, “the consul has
had us followed. Probably yesterday,
when we were there. I don’t know
HE PHANTOM U-ftOAT

139

what charge he laid, but to-day there
w'as a government patrol boat in the
inlet, and its men came to my cousin’s
house and asked many questions. They
asked if two men were stopping with
him, and described us. He told them
‘No,’ but they were not satisfied until
they had gone down and found his
boat moored to the wharf, and they
went over her from stem to stem.
Then they searched his house and the
outbuildings. My cousin asked what
the two men were wanted for, and was
told there was a charge made against
them, made by the German consul.
They asked my cousin if he had not
brought them up the fiord in his boat
last night, and fortunately he said
‘Yes,’ and that he had taken us as pas-
sengers and landed us at Bjornsen’s
Point; that he knew nothing 'more;
that we had paid him for the passage,
and that he had asked no questions.
They went away as if they were not
quite satisfied.”

  “Humph! His excellency was play-
ing a stronger and more skillful hand
than I thought him capable of! Was
taking no chances at either end. Is it
safe for your cousin to take us back?”
Olaf grinned and glanced at his kins-
man, who was stolidly watching us.

  “YoU can bet he plays safe. Wait
till I ask him.”

  They exchanged a few sentences,
and Olaf transmitted: “He came down
here in broad daylight and saw the
patrol boat at Bjornsen’s Point. To
show that he had nothing to be afraid
of, he pulled up alongside and pointed
out the path he saw us take—or said
he saw us take. Then he sat and
smoked a while and talked with the
men aboard, and came on down here.
But that’s not all. Before he left the
inlet he made arrangements of the sort
that those smugglers up there can
make, which is that if it’s unsafe for
us to run in there to-night, we will have
to land somewhere else.”

  “Old chap seems to be a bit of a fixer
himself,” grunted Scruggs, who had
been listening.

  “And he says we had best get aboard
at once,” added Olaf.

  We tumbled into the boat and stowed
ourselves into the bottom. She swung
out into the fiord and began thrashing
upward at what I took to be a pretty
stiff turn of speed for such a craft. We
were still in the main fiord and* at
least two miles from the inlet, I should
say, when the skipper, who had the
wheel, suddenly let rip what sounded
to me like a good Norwegian oath, and
motioned the engines down. At the
same time he swung her hard over, and
I heard Olaf say, as to himself: “Twin
lights ! Something urgent up!”

  We came to a stop within two or
three yards of the shore, and a man’s
voice hailed cautiously. I think ' he
must have asked for a line, because
the man for’ard promptly threw one,
and we were slowly pulled to shore.
Olaf, the skipper, and two men on the
beach talked rapidly for a moment,
then Olaf called me, in a quiet voice,
as if fearing to be overheard at a dis-
tance, and said: “All out, captain,
please, and—hurry !”

  We scrambled ashore, and the last
man had to leap because Olaf’s cousin
had already started his engines and was
swinging away toward the middle of
the fiord, and the broadest moonlight,
as if courting inquiry.

  “A government patrol boat, one of'
the big ones, with a dozen men aboard,
is laid squarely across the entrance to
the arm,” Olaf said. “They have been
there since dusk. They are—what’s
that?” he interrupted himself, at a
sound coming up the fiord.

  WTe heard the barking explosions of
a high-power craft, striking, rever-
berating, and echoing from the cliffs
as if not one, but a flotilla of boats,
was tearing up the fiord from Bergen
at- full speed.
140

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

 “Take cover, men, quickly!” I
shouted. “Out of sight with you!”

  In a moment it would have been al-
most impossible for any one to sus-
pect that a human being was anywhere
near. The echoes from the walls in-
creased to machine-gun volume, and
suddenly, around a bend, a long ray of
white light shot shoreward to the oppo-
site side, then swept back and flashed
coldly over our hiding place, flickered
against the clump of firs, then shifted
direct ahead and pinned itself on the
craft we had so lately abandoned. It
was for all the world like a moving
picture, and we could distinctly see
Olaf's cousin calmly lounging over his
wheel and smoking. Then we made
the outline of a long, high-powered
craft, and could see the huge wave cur-
ling forward, to be spread in other
waves in her wake. In the moonlight
the crests behind appeared to be chas-
ing her angrily, and intent on capture.
We heard a loud command, and saw
Olaf’s cousin phlegmatically stop his
engines. And, as suddenly, the pur-
suer reversed, stopped her racing head-
way, came alongside, and her engines
were also stopped. The stillness fol-
lowing the last of the echoes was thick
enough to cut. The water carried her
commander's voice as only water can
carry sound. Olaf mumbled a steady
translation:

 “You are the Norskman, aren’t
you ?”

  “Yes. What do you want?”

  “This is coast-service boat C-n, on
his majesty’s service. You must an-
swer my questions. Who have you on
board there ?”

  “No one but myself and the regu-
lar crew,” Olaf’s cousin promptly re-
plied.

“You are the man who took two men
to Bjornsen’s Point yesterday, aren’t
you? Or, that is—you said you did?”
“Well, if I said so, lieutenant, I did,”
Olaf’s cousin somewhat hotly replied.

  “Then where are they now ?” de-
manded the officer.

  “How should I know ? I said I
landed them yesterday at the Point.
WThy? What about them? Are they
wanted ?”

  “Yes, for being dangerous British
spies who to-night broke into the Ger-
man consulate, tried to murder the con-
sul, stole all his papers, and got away.
There was a gang of men with them,

and- We’ve got to come aboard

and search you!”

  “You’re welcome,” replied the skip-
per, and then, jocosely: “Put out some
fenders, so you won’t scar my paint!”
Remembering the dingy black sides
of the Norskman, I could appreciate
the joke. The boats drew closer to-
gether, and we saw men scramble
aboard'the smuggler. We could no
longer hear their conversation.

  “They are searching her,” muttered
Olaf. “And they certainly think it
pretty important to nab us. They
wouldn’t have sent what I know is one
of the fastest boats in the harbor if

  “We’ve played in luck, anyhow,” I
interrupted. “It might be that some
of the consul’s servants returned very
soon after we left. Then, of course,
all he had to do was to telephone an
alarm to set them on us. If they are
there to-morrow——”

  “To-morrow?” Olaf rolled over on
his side and faced me.

  “We can’t wait till to-morrow, cap-
tain. They have been anxious to catch
my cousin napping for a long time,
now. The guard won’t be taken off
that arm until every house, every
cranny, every foot of that cove has
been searched. And if they find the
entrance to the grotto at low tide—
well, it’s prison for my cousin, and if
the Sea Fox isn’t out, it’s ten to one
she gets caught! There’s a pretty pow-
erful gun aboard that last patrol—and
THE PHANTOM U^OAT

141

-” He turned back to get a view

of it, and called my attention.

  The patrol boat and the smuggler,
side by side, has started their engines
and were going away, together—up the
fiord.

  “Detained him!” I exclaimed.

  “Just that,” Olaf said quietly.

  I got on my knees and watched the
tw'o boats out of sight, and was much
distressed.

  “We must hurry, now,” Olaf said
resignedly. “I doubt if we can make
it over the top and down to the mouth
of the grotto before the tide turns, as
it is.”

  In a sudden burst of annoyance I
called the men to listen, and put it up
to them straight. “Boys,” I said, in
conclusion, “I don’t know how you
feel about it, but, as for me, I’m in
favor of getting back there at once, and,
while we’ve got time to work, cleaning
out all the smuggling evidence there is
in the grotto. We can’t afford to let a
fellow that has got himself in danger
by helping us go to jail because we
didn’t help him.”

  There was no disagreement in their
assent, and we almost ran up the steep
hillside. At times we had to climb, and
any lot of men in less fit physical con-
dition would have found the pace im-
possible. We had no breath for words.
We scrambled and climbed upward and
slipped and slid downward until we
came to a rocky jut some seven or eight
feet above the water’s edge, and were
told by Olaf that this was the arm of
the fiord.

  “Right down there, at that little black
spot,” he said, pointing, “is all that is
left of the opening to the grotto. It
will be closed in a half hour or less.
Any one who wants to get in will have
to swim. The tide is with him.”

  “Good!” I declared. “All of you
that can swim or dive, say so.”

  There was but one man, Scruggs,

who could do neither, and yet he
wished to take his chances with the
rest.

  “I can take him on my back, sir,”
Olaf said.

  “Then you two go first,” I ordered; ■
and they slid into the water.

  The crew followed them. I went
last, and, when I struck the entrance,
bumped my head before I had gone
five feet, then turned on my back, to
get my lips up to the air, and finally
had to dive blindly, thrusting forward
to feel my way, and wondering if my
lungs would crack from pressure be-
fore I could find an opening. I am
more than an average swimmer, but I
knew what it was, that night, to fear
drowning. I came bang up against
something harder and smoother than
rock walls, and my heart gave a leap,
for I knew it was the hull of the Sea
Fox. I rose to the surface, and for
several seconds fought for breath. I
must have turned out of my course and
swam many yards farther than neces-
sary to reach this point; for already I
could see, by the light of a lantern, the
crew on the beach of the cave, some
distance away. Olaf was talking to
them as I struck bottom, and, dripping
like a water spaniel, joined them. We
took count. All were there.

  Just as I was about to swim off to
the submarine, to climb aboard and
arouse Jack and Tinker, a light was
switched on in her conning tower and
a head appeared.

  “Thought I recognized your voice,
Tom,” Jack called out. “Been listen-
ing here for ten minutes to try to find
what was up.”

  “Ask him, please, sir, to turn on the
searchlights and throw them this way,”
Olaf suggested; and in a few minutes
the cavern was filled with light.

  I stared around me, but could see
nothing beyond a small nest of dories
just above the water’s edge. The two
smugglers who had led us over the
THE <P0<9ULA<R MAGAZINE

142

hills and had been talking to Olaf,
quickly got some lanterns from places
where t-hey were concealed and led the
way to a second grotto. It had casks
of spirits and of perfumes, bales of
silk ana merchandise, and all sorts of
odd parcels, none of which bore a rev-
enue stamp. I was doubtful about
some of the casks passing through the
Sea Fox’s hatches, but, fortunately,
she had decks and hatches more or less
on the Lake plan of construction, and
in but one or two cases was it neces-
sary to broach a package to stow its
contents. We worked with a will, and
it was, to say the least, a picturesque
scene, like an old painting of buccaneer
days. The smugglers planned to trans-
port the entire lot of contraband to an-
other hiding place, some few miles up
the main fiord, provided we could
effect this worthy task.

  All hands were aboard, and we sub-
merged. Then came the trying,
strained time when, with Olaf at the
wheel, and the smugglers to assist him,
we backed slowly out of the grotto
at a fair depth for a distance, took a
greater depth, swung cautiously
round, and moved forward. We had
not even scraped a side, so thorough
was the knowledge of the Norse
sailors as to depths and directions in
(hat arm of the fiord. We must have
been thirty fathoms down at the point
where we passed under the patrol boats
that had been sent to apprehend us
and the Norskman.

  We halted at a place indicated by
Olaf’s friends, and cautiously came to
the surface until the periscope exposed
our situation. We were fortunate to
find no craft in sight, and now ran for
a while awash, and standing by to sub-
merge in case of danger. The signals
to slow down, then to come fully to
the surface, then to stop the motors,
were gratefully received, and I felt the
air through the open ports and hatches
and climbed up to see where we were.

  We were actually alongside a wharf,
and several fishing boats were fore and
aft of us, their masts rocking in the
swell caused by our arrival, for all the
world like agitated fowls.

 One of Olaf’s countrymen ran
heavily up the beach to a house, and,
before we could get half the contra-
band out of the Sea Fox to the wharf
there were a dozen men to assist us.
A cask or bale could scarcely touch the
stringers before it was being hurried
away from our sight. Two rowboats
had pulled out immediately and were
on watch, above and below the place
where we were, to give the alarm in
case any craft appeared. It was like
clockwork, and our part was accom-
plished in a surprisingly short time.
We bade hurried good-bys, sent many
messages to Olaf’s cousin, and were
again submerged and headed down-
stream before Olaf spoke.

  “Well, sir, you have saved my cousin.
They can get no proof against him
now. Thank you, sir !”

  “You mean he saved us,” I retorted.
“That is, so far!”

  He seemed to consider my reply for
a moment before he replied: “We shall
get clear the fiord, at any rate. I
can take her out to sea, all right. And
after that—it’s up to you, sir.”

  His phlegm and imperturbability were
admirable. There was neither dis-
couragement nor regret in his tone,
although he knew, as well as I did, how
badly our first venture had failed, and
how badly we were beaten. He may
have conjectured my predicament, for
I knew not which way to turn, once^
we were in the open sea. It seemed
a grotesque situation for a ship’s mas-
ter to be in. Here we were, practically
owners of the most marvelous craft
the world had ever known, manned by
a crew that was as competent for its
work as any crew that ever went to
sea, fully supplied with everything we
required, thanks to Olaf’s cousin, and
THE PHANTOM U-<BOAT

143

yet burdened with something that we
must sell if we were to ever profit. In
sheer desperation and inability to de-
cide, I gave the course when we were
clear of the cape with its fortifications,
and the course was to be off into the
unfrequented wTaters of the North. Sea
routine was on again, and the watches

set. We were heading to the waters
of Nowhere for a breathing space in
which to consider and lay new plans.
We were not as well advanced as on
the day we turned our bow toward Ber-
gen, for now we had made an im-
placable enem^ out of our natural
market.

TO BE CONTINUED IN THE JANUARY 7TH ISSUE.

Able Seaman Pegg

By Berton Braley

        A BLE SEAMAN PEGG is an ordinary jacky,

’Full of health and vigor, as a jacky ought to be;

          Servant of his Uncle Sam, not anybody’s lackey,

            Slave of regulations, yet a spirit bold and free.

          Broad across the shoulders, with a chest that’s like a horse’s,

           Neck that’s like a column and an arm that’s like a leg;

          Proud that he’s a member of the country's naval forces—

           That’s the dope on Able Seaman Pegg.

          Able Seaman Pegg in his locker has a letter

           Written by Josephus, and it tells him “Attaboy!”

          (Saw a woman drowning and he risked his life to get her;

           When it comes to danger, Pegg is anything but coy.)

          Does he prize that missive? Well, there’s not a chance to doubt it,
           Yet if you would see it you must go to him and beg;

          Keeps it under cover and he never talks about it—■

           'Aw, it’s nuthin’ much,” says Seaman Pegg.

          Able Seaman Pegg wouldn’t take a prize for beauty;

            He’s no little angel, and he has his fling ashore,

          Yet he comes back steady-eyed, ready for his duty,

           Gunnery or holystone or any other chore;

          Full of pep and ginger as a brother of St. Vitus,

When it’s fight or frolic he is game to shake a leg.

         Say, it's good to know we have—should some nation fight us—
           Fifty thousand more like Seaman Pegg!
One Christmas

By Bertrand W. Sinclair
Author of “ Landlubber's Luck11 The Fiddling KidEtc.

    By no means a typical Sinclair story. Something quite different. It’s
about a man who worked surrounded by money, continually under its in-
fluence; money in a sense was the keynote of his existence. Because he
pondered too long on the possibilities that lay in the dollars he almost
missed a merry Christmas.

CHARLIE BROADSTONE spent
six hours each working day of
the week within an inclosure of
bronze latticework with money
in bills and gold and silver all about
him. It was there in bulky packets and
slender, in rolls and piles, in drawers
and racks and pigeonholes. He was No.
i paying teller in the Citizen’s National
Bank in a western Illinois town—which,
for reference purposes, may be known
as Cornville. An alias does not come
amiss now and then to even the most
respectable of towns.

  Broadstone had practically grown up
in that neighborhood. He was thirty,
and the Citizen’s National had absorbed
him at the impressionable age of nine-
teen. In analytical moments he some-
times reflected that the bank had a
mortgage on his future.

  But that thought did not disturb him.
In fact, a good many thoughts which
have caused other men much uneasi-
ness had never troubled him—up to a
certain point. He worked surrounded
by money. All his calculations bore
upon money. He was continually un-
der the influence of money; its power,
its visible tokens were forever pass-
ing through his nimble fingers in gold

and in printed certificates. Money, in
a sense, was the keynote of his exist-
ence, money in its various forms of in-
terest and principal, of discount and
loan and overdraft and advance.

  Yet it had always failed to impress
him as being of such tremendous sig-
nificance ; such vital significance as it
seemed to hold for many of those who
daily passed and repassed his wicket.
Broadstone’s attitude toward money, in
so far as he was consciously aware of
an attitude, was of its being so much
material to work with, material of a
certain intrinsic value, a necessary part
of the machinery of commerce and ex-
change. He had ambitions, too. He
would not have been paying teller in
the Citizen’s National at thirty if he
had lacked the spur of ambition. But
he had never looked upon money, upon
the folds and packets and piles of cur-
rency that he handled every day in his
bronze cage, with the hungry eye and
itching finger of acquisitiveness—not
until he met Ada Storr.

  Ada was a home product, like himself,
only of different strata. That is, she
had been prior to their acquaintance.
But economic pressure in one of its
various manifestations had played hob
ONE CHRISTMAS

145

with Ada’s prospects. Otherwise
Charlie Broadstone would scarcely
have had the pleasure of gradually
passing with her from acquaintance to
a state of feeling that commonly afflicts
young people when they reach a certain
degree of intimacy.

  They had reached the point of plan-
ning to'be married when his salary jus-
tified such a move. One would natu-
rally suppose that the salary of a bank
teller—even the teller in an institution
of no greater scope than the Citizen’s
National of Cornville—would be suffi-
cient for matrimonial purposes. Yet
Charlie Broadstone could never quite
see Miss Storr properly fitted in the set-
ting his hundred dollars a month could
provide.

  Ada's father had come a financial
cropper some two years earlier, so com-
plete and final a crash that he could
not bear contemplation of the ruins—
and so blew out his brains. Where-
upon Miss Storr was swiftly deprived
of comparative affluence, found herself
compelled to forego a lot of things
which she had always taken as a mat-
ter of course. This unpleasant circum-
stance put her all out of joint with the
social circle in which she had carelessly
gyrated when her father was a prosper-
ous merchant.

  Being a young woman of some spirit,
she did not dissolve in tears and de-
spair. Pride spurred her to action.
Through the kindly offices of a friend
she eventually secured a position which
kept her fed and clothed after a
fashion.

  But she never ceased to chafe over
things she could not help. She con-
tinued to crave all sorts of things which
were now beyond her reach. She en-
vied the women who could dress well.
She hungered for luxury as a cat hun-
gers for milk. It made her discon-
tented, spoiled the taste of the simple
pleasures that did come her way. The
manner of her upbringing had spoiled

  10B p

her for the sort of life she had to lead.
A certain standard of living, once ac-
quired, is hard to let go. She wanted
a great many things she could see no
way of getting by her own unaided
efforts. Marriage, she was quite
worldly-wise enough to know, offered
the only possible solution. But none
of the young men numbered among her
acquaintance were overburdened with
either cash or prospects.

  Charlie Broadstone was the likeliest
of the lot. To do Ada justice, she had
a genuine affection for Broadstone, a
feeling entirely apart from any consid-
eration of expediency. If he had been
a grocery clerk at fifteen dollars per,
she might have cared just as much for
him—but she would never have thought
of marrying him. Even after they
were definitely engaged, their marriage
was a distant possibility, contingent
upon a substantial increase in his salary.
That very uncertainty had a profound
psychological effect upon Broadstone
himself.

  It never struck him that his pretty,
intelligent fiancee laid more stress on
financial ways and means than anything
else. So far as his future was con-
cerned, he could gauge it accurately
enough. It had taken him a year of
apprenticeship and ten years of con-
stant application to work up to a hun-
dred dollars a month. It would take
him another ten years to double that.
By the time he was forty-five—barring
accidents, sickness, and so on—he
would be in line for more rapid pro-
motion, bigger money. He was fairly
certain of that. He knew his business,
knew how to make himself valuable.

  But the prospect of a decent salary
and position by middle age did not
solve his present problem, and it was
a problem he wanted solved. The
mating instinct had overwhelmed him.
When that emotional state sweeps a
man, he finds small solace in what is
slated to happen ten or fifteen years
146

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

ahead. He is wrapped in the now, his
soul on fire with it.

  So that Charlie Broadstone, while he
was gloriously happy in his love so long
as he could shut everything else out of
his mind, was beating his head against
a wall of adamantine facts a good deal
of the time. They couldn’t marry and
maintain a home on what he got now.
Ada said so, and, when Broadstone re-
duced it to cold figures, he regretfully
agreed. They covered sheets of paper
with lists of rent and fuel, groceries
and light, incidentals. They had to
dress. They could never quite get a
margin on the right side. It simply
couldn’t be done on a hundred dollars
a month. It could be done in one way
only—they could marry and keep on
working, and board. But that outraged
Broadstone’s ideal. He wanted a home;
he wanted his wife to be mistress in
her own house. But he did not see how
it could be done.

  He knew other fellows who had mar-
ried on a salary equivalent to his.
Some of them seemed to be contented
enough. But .there were some whose
menage affected him like a nightmare,
worry and bills and children were
chronic. Even those who appeared
contented enough weren’t getting on.
His own case, he always said to him-
self, was different. Ada was different.
She had been used to better things.
She was entitled to better things. That
was how she affected him. He even
felt a queer, chesty glow that a girl like
her should love him. Broadstone didn’t
rate himself highly. He didn’t know
what a steady, clean-cut, likable sort
of a fellow other people generally took
him to be. The monthly and yearly
routine of bank work doesn’t tend to
give a man an inflated opinion of him-
self-—he has to struggle too hard and
too long for every inch of ground he
gains.

  And so, from a calm indifference to
the currency he handled every day—a

tithe of which would have made every
one of his little air castles take substan-
tial form—Broadstone began to hate
the sight of it, of the money in bank
notes and coin that surrounded him—■
to hate it, and resent its insolent flaunt-
ing, to want it himself. Yet he did not
dream of appropriating it to his own
uses. It was still a part of the financial
machinery with which he worked, the
tools of his craft, so to speak. Only
he saw now more clearly what there
was about it that brought a gleam to
the eyes of those who sometimes gazed
through his wicket. It was eminently
desirable, indispensable even, a mighty
lever in a man’s hand.

  Ada Storr furnished him with a new
angle of vision in this particular. They
were sitting, one evening, on the
veranda of the house where she
boarded. The arc lights that flashed
along the main streets radiated in all
directions from the upstanding bulk of
the Citizen’s National. The bank
loomed over the town just as it loomed
over Broadstone’s career.

  “It’s a shame that you handle thou-
sands of dollars every day and can’t
have a few hundred when we need it
so badly,” she murmured. “Can’t you
loot the safe, Charlie?”

  He laughed a trifle nervously. It
jolted him, that remark.

  “I suppose I could,” he observed
dryly. “Only looting it and getting
away with the loot are two different
matters.”

  “I would, if I had a chance,” she said
snappishly. “I think a man who robs
a bank should be highly commended.
Banks are inhuman, anyway. Look
what they did to dad. They picked his
bones like a lot of hungry dogs.” ,

  There was a measure of truth in this,
as Broadstone knew. Storr, senior, had
got into deep water, and the banks, the
Citizen’s National included, took ad-
vantage of his situation. That sort of
thing, however, had always appeared
ONE CHRISTMAS

147

to Charlie Broadstone as the logical
outcome of poor business judgment—
on the other fellow’s part. It was a
sort of business ethic that was current.
The bank, a sort of soulless, disem-
bodied business force, could con-
sistently do things that in an individual
would seem terribly harsh, even vin-
dictive. That his own bank had
profited largely by Storr’s ruin had
been a mere incident. It did not seem
so purely incidental now. Why, it was
the same as taking her money.

  He thought about that the next day
a good many times as he paid out
sheafs of currency. His fingers went
about their ordinary duties with me-
chanical precision, but his mind ran on
money—the bank’s money—which he
was handling as a grocer handles beans
and coffee. Here were thousands upon
thousands in gold and silver and notes
working away silently, creating daify,
yes, hourly, new wealth for men who
already had more than they needed.
He . recollected that Mr. Murdock-
Smythe, the chief stockholder, had that
very week bought a new limousine;
that Beardsley, the president, had
a hundred-thousand-dollar house in
course of construction. He could name
a lengthy list of stockholders taking
big dividends as a matter of course.
Yet he, a ten-year’ slave of this wealth-
creating machine, could not command
sufficient pay to give decent surround-
ings to the daughter of a man this very
machine had helped despoil.

  A swift surge of vindictive feeling
swept him. He hated the Citizen’s Na-
tional. Hated it the more because it
loomed over him arrogant and power-
ful, rich, impervious to any assault he
could make upon it, a veritable Colos-
sus embodied in granite and marble,
stuffed and garnished with gold.

  Would it be a crime to rob that
smooth-working, inexorable money
mill? No, he said bitterly. Only, it
couldn’t be done.

  He took it for. granted that no ap-
propriation of bank funds was ever
successfully accomplished—save by the
board of directors! Still, he began to
speculate idly on how it might be done.
That money spread yearning arms to
him, touched him deeply with its po-
tential power to solve all sorts of diffi-
culties. He nursed a vision of Ada
Storr beautifully gowned, a warm,
human jewel in the kind of setting
gold would provide. When he thought
of her, he could almost discount com-
plete defiance of equity, of the law, as
well as his personal code of honor.
There were other phases of even suc-
cessful embezzlement which he could
not discount, because his imagination
could not visualize'" to him clearly the
state and condition of being a fugitive.

  This train of thought, once set in mo-
tion, would not be derailed. It kept
running in his mind during his off
hours, tantalized him sometimes in his
dreams, troubling him most of all when
he stood within his bronze lattice cage
and tens and twenties and hundred-dol-
lar bills passed into their respective as-
sortments through his deft, trained fin-
gers.

  He went out for a walk with Ada
Storr one Sunday afternoon late in
October. He was rather silent, pre-
occupied. They traversed several
blocks^ of street and entered a small
park, lying a few squares from the
business heart of the town. The grass
there was dry, withered. The leaves
were drifting here and there, a yellow
litter on the turf. The trees were grow-
ing gaunt of limb, standing about like
denuded skeletons, since the autumn
winds stripped them of their foliage.

  “What a dismal place this is getting
to be,” the girl complained. “If we
could just be transported to a Florida
beach—or somewhere.5'

  Broadstone mumbled some monosyl-
labic response. She glanced up at his
face.
148

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

  “What are you thinking about so
hard, Charlie ?” she asked.

  “Money,” he said briefly.

  “The one thing we need and haven’t
got,” she said pensively. “And can’t
get."

  “I could have got a fair-sized bundle
yesterday,” he drawled, trying to make
his tone seem jocular. “I could have
walked out of the bank with forty
thousand dollars. I had it in my keep-
ing for some little time. None of it
would have been missed before Mon-
day. I could have been two thousand
miles away by then.”

 “Forty thousand dollars.” She
seemed to let the words slip caressingly
off her tongue. “We could do a lot
with forty thousand dollars. But then,
of course, they’d catch you. They al-
ways do, don’t they ?”

  “Nearly always,” he admitted.

  They walked on a little way silently.
“Why don’t you devise some way of
doing it so that you couldn’t be de-
tected?” she said, at last. “It’s no
crime to rob a bank—if you can get
away with it.”

  “Would you take a chance with a
man who appropriated funds like that,
Ada ?” he asked, very soberly.

  She looked at him sidelong, her fin-
gers tightening on his arm, thrilling him
with the quick intensity of the pres-
sure.

  “Fd take a chance on you," she whis-
pered. “Could you do it?”

  “Yes,” he answered bluntly. “I've
figured out how it could be done—suc-
cessfully. A man in my position—you
know—has opportunities. Suppose I
did? I’d have to be very sure of you.
You might develop a conscience.”

  “I ? About an institution that helped
ruin my father?” she declared scorn-
fully. “No. I’m not afraid of tainted
money. If we had it, enough to live as
we want to live, I don't think I’d worry
about how we came by it. I notice
other people don’t. No, I haven’t any

conscience about money. The lack of
it hurts me more directly. It drives me
wild if I want to spend one miserable
dollar, because I have to scrimp and
save for a week to make up. But it
would be terribly risky for you,
wouldn’t it, Charlie? Where would
you go and how would you manage—■
afterward ?”

  “I have a plan—I’ve thought it all
out,” he said, under his breath. “But
I’d have to be sure of you, Ada—very
sure.”

  “You can be, Charlie,” she said
eagerly. “I’ll go anywhere, any time ;
do anything you ask. Anything that
promises the least chance of bettering
ourselves. Oh, you don’t know how
sick I’m getting of this. Every one I
used to know has drawn into their
shells. Without money we’re less than
nothing. I work—I’ve worked steadily
nearly two years. How long have you
given all your time and thought for just
about the barest sort of living? And
there’s nothing else ahead of us. We
just exist. If we married on your
salary, it would be the same; scrimp-
ing along, eternally managing, trying
to make something out of nothing,
counting nickels till we’re gray, being
respectable and dull and sordid. Life
like that isn’t worth living.”

  She looked up at him with a gleam
of admiration in her dark-blue eyes.

  “I didn’t think you were bold enough
to even consider a stroke like that,
Charlie,” she went on. “I didn’t. Do
I surprise you by my readiness to—to
grasp the idea? It’ll be risky?”

  “Rather,” he said. “Very risky. One
can’t make omelets without breaking
eggs. It can be done. In fact, those
things are easy enough to do. The risk
is afterward—getting caught. The
Banker’s Association never lets up on
a defaulter. Still—I don’t mean to be
caught. I’ve been thinking. I’m tired
of the treadmill, the lack of oppor-
tunity, You don’t know how tired.
ONE CHRISTMAS

149

I've asked for a raise, and they just
put me off. And. I want you, Ada.
I’m sick of waiting and waiting. I
want you to have a chance to live de-
cently, to be something more than a
mere penny-counting housekeeper for
me. I want to be something more than
a mere minor, money-reckoning ma-
chine for other people. Nothing but
money will get us anywhere. There’s
only one w^ay for me to get money.
And the only difference between my
method and the business method! is that
my way will be abrupt and illegal,
where theirs is devious and within laws
that have been made to fit their ends.
Will you do exactly what I tell you,
act absolutely as I may find it neces-
sary for you to act, Ada?”

  They had reached a comparatively
secluded portion of the park, made so
by a thick, semi-wild growth of low
thicket. They were hidden from all the
surrounding rows of houses. The girl
put her arms around his neck, kissed
him passionately.

. “Absolutely,” she whispered. “Try
me and see. You know I love you,
Charlie. I’ll play the game with you.
I don’t care whether it would stand
ethical consideration or not.”

  “All right,” he muttered recklessly.
“I’ll do it. I can.”

  She kissed him again.

  “When ?” she asked breathlessly.
“And how?”

  '‘There’!! be a considerable wait,” he
said grimly. “I’m not going to make
any false motions. I know the ropes,
you see. The best time will be at
Christmas—less than three months. As
to how, I don’t think I’ll tell even you
that; not now, at any rate. When I’m
ready, I’ll make a clean-up. -That’s
all. I have a plan in mind that will put
any pursuit all up in the air. When
the time comes I’ll coach you wrhere
you must go and what you must do.
We will, of course, have to get clean
out of this country. Other bank de-

faulters have made errors I don’t intend
to make.”

   They moved along. Debouching
 from the park, Ada’s fingers released
 that clinging grip on his arm.

   “Won’t it be fine, Charlie?” she
 mused. “A new country; you and I
 together; money in our pockets.”

   Broadstone nodded. His expression
 did not perceptibly change. And he
 scarcely spoke a dozen sentences as
 they walked to Ada Storr’s boarding
 place. She had promised to play the
 piano for some aspiring vocalist at
 four-thirty.

   Broadstone left her at the door.
 When he set off down the street, he
 walked slowly for half a dozen blocks,
 an absently thoughtful look upon his
 face.

    Then all at once he squared his shoul-
 ders defiantly, and drew a long breath,
 like a man who has definitely accepted
 some sort of challenge.

II.

   After all, it was remarkably simple.

   The moment for which Charlie
 Broadstone had patiently waited and
 planned wTith an eye to every contin-
 gency came on a Friday afternoon, at
 closing time. Saturday was Christmas.
 The Citizen’s National would stand
 hushed and inactive behind its locked
 doors until Monday morning. He
 would not be there on- Monday. But
 his absence was properly provided for.
 He had deliberately foregone his an-
 nual vacation in September so that he
 could ask for the Christmas wreek off.
 It had been eas}r to secure that privi-
 lege.

    He felt reasonably sure that the real
 reason of his absence would not be
 discovered until his return was due. At
 the worst, he could positively count on
 three days’ start. Enough—^with his
 course as laid out. He did not delude
 - himself with the idea that he could get
150

THE VOVULficR MAGAZINE

easily and quietly out of reach. He did
not nurse any false sense of security.
He knew that every step he took would
ultimately be traced—but only to a cer-
tain point. He proposed to leave a
tolerably plain trail just so far, then
Vanish completely into thin air. He
meant to give the inevitable pursuit a
genuine start in the wrong direction,
not so much with the purpose of elud-
ing it, as of baffling it altogether. He
had worked out every detail of this
to a nicety. He felt very sanguine.

  And so, two hours after the bank
closed its doors for the day, Charlie
Broadstone walked down the broad
granite steps, between the polished
marble pillars of the facade, with thirty
thousand dollars of the Citizen’s Na-
tional funds concealed about his per-
son.

  A ledger keeper and one of the other
tellers came out with him. The other
teller boarded in the same house,
roomed across the hall from Broad-
stone. They walked home together.
Broadstone had his grip packed. He
was ready as soon as he changed his
clothes. An hour later, shortly before
the dinner bell rang, he rapped at his
fellow teller’s door, wished him the joys
of the season, gave him a cigar, and,
suit case in hand, went off downstairs,
whistling.

  As he strode down the street which
led to the station, he found himself all
at once coping with a peculiar sense of
unreality. He could not rid himself of
the feeling that he was, after all, simply
on a week’s vacation, that the New
Year would find him traversing the
same street, nodding to people he knew,
as he was doing now on every block,
that he would be returning to the in-
terminable round in his bronze cage.
Only the cold finger of his reason
pointed out that if he ever walked that
street again it would be as a prisoner,
a fugitive returning in the toils of the
law. He shuddered involuntarily when

he remembered that the county jail and
courthouse lay at otie end of that long
avenue, the railway station at the other.

  He quickened his steps a little. The
packages of bills, stowed in various
pockets, became swiftly a well-nigh in-
tolerable burden. The people he met
seemed to look at him with more than
ordinary keenness. That, he said to
himself testily, were nerves, imagina-
tion running amuck. But it disturbed
him.

  Another unreckoned factor disturbed
him also. Now that the thing was done,
now that it was too late to reconsider,
to draw back, he looked about him at
this place where he had spent all his
years since boyhood, with a sort of
numbed regret at leaving it in such a
fashion. There had been a fresh fall
of snow that afternoon. Night had
come with a clearing sky. The stars
gleamed in a sky brilliant with frost,
vieing with the long rows of arcs that
marked every street bisecting the main
thoroughfare. All the shops blazed
with light, festooned with evergreens
from distant woods, gay with bunting
and colored lanterns, thronged with
purchasing, laughing folk.

  To-morrow there would be sundry
small packages, containing simple gifts,
arriving at his rooms. People would
be dropping in or calling him over the
phone to wish him a Merry Christmas.
At the Christmas dinner, which had be-
come an annual function with the un-
married members of the bank staff, the
fellows would be saying: “Well, Charlie
Broadstone’s sure missing something
to-night,” just as they always said
about an absent member. Yes, there
were many things it cost him a pang
to leave. He knew that now, won-
dered why he had never felt that way
about it before, why the place and the
people thereof should suddenly have
become such an important factor, why
he should recall friendships that he
valued, good opinions he esteemed.
ONE CHRISTMAS

151

When he turned on the coach step for
a backward glance at the streets, it
seemed incredible that he should never
come back again, that in a week or less
he would be the scandalized talk of
the town, an embezzler, a thief!

  He shivered again. When he found
a seat in the coach, and sat down, there
was a thin film of sweat gathering on
his temples.

  He had a ticket to a town which in-
deed lacked little of being a city, some
seventy miles distant. Ada Storr was
waiting for him there. It was part of
his plan that they should divide the
loot, and, while she took refuge upon
the Pacific coast, he should put his
pursuit-misleading scheme into effect.
Ultimately he would make his way to
a distant point in northwestern Canada,
and, when he was settled there, she
would join him. It had all been
weighed and worked out in his mind,
with every care for details.

  That was Broadstone’s trouble, a
mind for details, and the imagination
which would not permit one to escape
him once his mind began to concentrate
upon any given problem. Now that
the last irrevocable step was taken, a
new angle of vision seemed to have
been bestowed upon him, in which a
variety of distressing details, all related
to the environment from which he was
lawlessly departing, nagged at him in-
sistently.

  But the thing was now an accom-
plished fact. By an effort he shook
off the retrospective mood, tried to
dwell on what lay ahead, in sheer self-
defense against those too vivid back-
ward glimpses which assailed him in a
manner he had failed to anticipate. He
had expected to leave that all behind
gladly—in a glow of reckless self-satis-
faction—to go away with the feeling
that thirty thousand dollars and Ada
Storr was a dual prize worth going any
length to secure.

  He reached his destination in about

three hours. He walked a certain dis-
tance uptown, mingling with a festive
crowd bent on Cnristmas shopping.
Turning into a cross street, two blocks
westward along this brought him to a
hotel. He registered under an assumed
name, was assigned a room.

  A casual glance over the previous
day’s arrivals on the register told
Broadstone all he desired to know. Ada
Storr was there, likewise under an as-
sumed name, according to-their mutual
plan. A bell boy showed him to his
room. Ten minutes later, noting that
the hallways were clear, he mounted
to the next floor, and tapped at the
door of No. 210. It opened at his sig-
nal, and he slipped in.

  The thought struck him disagreeably
that already his every movement was
becoming furtive. For a criminal,
Broadstone was handicapped with too
ready a spirit of self-consciousness.
He had never been aware of it until
now. He had not expected to be har-
assed by a sense of guilt, to come
under the shadow of constant appre-
hension, of a dumb, useless regret.

  Some similar psychological change
seemed to have overtaken Ada Storr.
Broadstone saw that almost as soon as
he entered the room. She closed the
door quickly behind him. The win-
dow shades were drawn. Her nor-
mally exuberant expression had
changed to strained soberness. But
there was something else behind that
tenseness, a subtle something that
Broadstone could not name—not at
first. She kissed him, clung to him as
if he were some sort of refuge. There
was nothing lacking in the warm eager-
ness with which she flew to his arms.
They stood holding each other close
for a minute. Then, with a sigh, the
girl’s arms relaxed. She sank into a
chair, brushing back a vagrant lock of
her thick blond hair with a weary mo-
tion. Broadstone seated himself facing
her. Her eyes, purple-black in the
152

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

glow of the chandelier, never left his
face.

  “Did you,” she asked, in a strained
whisper, “did you-”

  “Yes,” he answered, in the same
hushed, furtive tone. “I got thirty
thousand dollars.”

  She hid her face in her hands.
Broadstone scarcely seemed to notice
her action. He plunged his hand into
an inner pocket and took out a thick
sheaf of United States gold certificates,
drew a like packet from another place
about his person. They were all in bills
of large denomination.

  “Here’s some of it,” he said. “Money
to burn. More money than I could get
hold of in thirty years of salary earn-
ing.”

  There was no life in his tone, no
note of achievement. He made the
statement as if it were a rather com-
monplace and uninteresting fact.

  He looked up from the packages of
bank notes and saw that Ada Storr was
crying. He stared with troubled eyes
at the quiver of her shoulders, the
silent heave of her breast, the clenched
hands pressed tight to her mouth.

  He moved his chair over and put his
arms about her.

  “Why, Ada,” he said. “I thought
you’d be glad. What’s the matter?
Are you afraid? There’s nothing to
be afraid of. Not yet, at least.”

  She struggled with herself for a min-
ute or so. When she regained a meas-
ure of composure, she drew his face
down and kissed it tenderly. Then she
began to speak.

  “I’m not afraid,” she said. “Not in
the way you mean. I’m—I’m simply—
oh, I don’t know how to put it. Since
I came here yesterday, and sat here,
waiting for you, I’ve done nothing but
think, think till my head is spinning.
Out of it all, two or three things seem
to stand very clear. I’ve been a fool
—worse than a fool—and my folly has
got you in a position that gets more

terrifying the more I look at it.
Charlie, Charlie, I wish you hadn’t
taken that money. I wish we didn’t
have to run away. I wish—oh, my

dear, I wish-

  Something choked her, and she laid
her tear-wet face against his coat, and
her fingers shut down on his arms with
a convulsive grip.

  Broadstone gulped.

  “Funny,” he said hoarsely, “I've been
wishing that myself. Yes, I might as
well admit that when I looked back at
that old burg to-night and thought of
what they’d be saying in a week or two,
why money, no amount of money,
seemed such a vitally important thing.”
“It isn’t,” she whispered plaintively.
“It isn’t. I never knew it before. You
know I love you, Charlie. I’d go any-
where, do anything, to prove that. But
I couldn’t foresee this. I’ve resented
being poor, rebelled against lack of
money. I’ve never tried to make the
best of anything. I’ve been whining
for things that require money. I’ve
been so selfishly envious, and I’ve
harped on it so much that it’s poisoned
your mind as wTell as my own. This
thing, which seems so terrible now, is
all my fault. And you’ll be punished
for it. You’ve uprooted your whole
life. After a while—even if the law
never touches you—you’ll hate me for
that. We’ve made a ghastly mistake.
If we realize it now, what will it be like
after a while?”

  Broadstone stroked her hair for a
minute, staring soberly at the opposite
wall.

  “What’ll we do, Ada ?” he said pres-
ently. “We’ve got to make our choice
in an hour. I can make a go of what
I've started out to do. I feel sure of
that. I don’t think I’ll ever be caught.

On the other hand-”■

   “Yes,” she filled in the pause.

  “On the other hand, if I could get
back to where I was as little as five
hours ago,” he said wistfully, “I’d feel
ONE CHRISTMAS

153

like a man who has rolled a mountain
off his back. I don’t know why, ex-
actly. It’s just a feeling. I planned
this thing deliberately enough. But now
I’ve done it, it doesn’t sit well on my
stomach. I wasn’t cut out to be a
thief.”

  The girl shuddered.

  "Let’s go back, Charlie,” she whis-
pered. “Couldn’t you get that money
back into the bank before it’s missed?”
Broadstone thought a minute.

  “I might,” he said gravely.

  “Do then,” she urged. “You don’t
want it. I don’t want it. Why, I’d
rather face anything than the price
we’d have to pay for that money.
We’ve been a pair of fools. Let’s stop
before our folly ruins us completely.”
“And suppose I fail?” he continued
quietly. "It won’t be so easy to return
that money as it was to take it. I’d
be kicked out of the bank at the very
least, if they find out what I’ve tried
to do. I’d be an empty-handed failure,
with a black mark against me.”

  “Not to me you won’t,” she said, and
her arms tightened about him. “I’ve
had my little lesson, and it’s burned in
deep. If you are lucky, you can put
back that money, and we’ll draw a fresh
breath and go on with our eyes open
to a few realities that I, at least, have
not been able to see before. If not—
well, we’ll have each other. We can
manage somehow.”

  “All right,” he said, with a sudden,
almost incredible, sense of relief.
“Let’s go back. Let’s take the next
train back.”

III.

  It lacked a little of midnight when
their train flashed out of a belt of low
timber and .gave them a glimpse of the
town lights, with the outstanding bulk
of the Citizen’s National limned sharp
against the sky with rows of incan-
descent lamps, a riot of illumination re-
served for special occasions. Five min-

utes later they were hurrying from the
depot to catch a street car, encounter-
ing, on the way, a few belated shop-
pers who knew them both. These flung
a cheery greeting as they passed.

  The girl’s hand stole into Broad-
stone’s when they sank into a seat.

  “If we could only have seen it so
clearly before,” she whispered. “After
all, this place is home. There’s a lot
here that we didn’t realize, Charlie.
I’ve been so selfish and blind and every-
thing—a thoroughly discontented pen-
dulum. And I infected you with my
madness. I don’t see how you can for-
give me, Charlie.”

  “I was just as much to blame as
you,” he muttered. "I didn’t have to
do this crazy thing. I should have
known I couldn’t do a thing like that
and be able to look myself in the face
again. Still, a man can kid himself
into almost anything if he broods over
it long enough. I lost sight of every-
thing but that insane craving for a
bunch of money. Until I actually had
it in my possession I didn’t seem to
have any clear idea of what taking it
in that way really meant. I suppose
that’s what they mean by a man’s moral
vision getting out of focus.”

  “If you can just put it back,” she
whispered uneasily, “and remember it
as a bad dream.”

  “I think I can,” he replie'd.

  They did not speak again until they
were on the steps of Ada’s boarding
house. They lingered a minute in the
frosty winter night, looking at each
other with the tenderness of mutual
understanding.

  “You’ll let me know as soon—as
soon-——”

  He nodded.

  “If things go wrong, at least I’ll
know I tried to make it right,” he said
huskily.

  “If they go wrong,” she returned
softly, “we’ll manage somehow—the
two of us—together.”
154	THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

  “You’re a brick, Ada/’ he said.

  Then he kissed her and walked rap-
idly up the street, the hard-packed snow
creaking under his feet.

  He gained his room without encoun-
tering any one, and went to bed, with
the packets of bills tucked safely under
his mattress. But he did not sleep. His
mind was too preternaturally active, his
nerves too terribly taut. The more he
thought about it the more sickening
the reaction grew. That money burned
him with its nearness. The sense of
wrongful possession made him cringe.
Over and over he repeated to himself
that he must have been completely mad.
And from that his mind would fly
to the means of restoring the stolen
money to the vault of the Citizen’s Na-
tional without betraying himself. That
done, he could breathe freely again—
and not till then.

  He fell into a period of troubled doz-
ing at last, and waked from one o£
these short stretches of slumber to find
the dawn of Christmas Day at hand.

  “Peace on earth, good will to men—-
oh, Lord!” he groaned. “Everybody
else will be celebrating, and I’ll be
sweating blood till Monday morning.”

  That thirty thousand dollars rode
him like some horrid nightmare. He
sensed disastrous possibilities of losing
it, or a part of it. He dared not leave
that pile of currency in his room. He
was equally reluctant to stir abroad
with it on his person. So he did not
get up, even when the bell rang for a
late breakfast.

  But he could not spend all of the
next twenty-four hours within the four
walls of his room. He would gladly
have done so, if, in his hypersensitive
state of mind, he had not feared that
might cause comment, suspicion. So
he mastered the blue funk that was
overcoming him, dressed, and spent the
time between that and dinner listening
to some of his fellow boarders enthuse

over a Christmas Eve dance they had
attended. Broadstone casually ac-
counted for his speedy return by say-
ing he had been disappointed in his
arrangements, not without a keen sense
of the subtle irony of this statement.
He had to make some sort of explana-
tion, because in that house, where he
had sojourned nearly four years, they
were like a family, with a brotherly
and sisterly interest, not to say in-
quisitiveness, 'in each other’s affairs.

  He was thankful that he did not have
to take his Christmas dinner with the
members of the bank staff. The board-
ing-house dinner was an ample, old-
fashioned affair that would have been
wholly enjoyable if Broadstone’s mind
had been at ease. He could not help
a lot of dumb regrets, nor stave off
recurring inward tremors. His will
was never quite powerful enough to
shut off sight of the precipice along
which he strode.

  But the day somehow came to an
end.

  After his coffee and rolls, next morn-
ing, he set out for the bank. Every
nerve in his body seemed under a pain-
ful tension when he passed up those
polished granite steps. Outwardly he
wore a purely casual air, his habitual
pleasant smile. He did not allow the
hunted, harassed feeling to show in his
demeanor. A psychologist, observing
him critically, might have guessed
something amiss. But the staff of the
Citizen’s National was not given to
psychological study—save in the case
of applicants for advances upon doubt-
ful paper or undue extension of credit.
Broadstone was like Caesar’s wife,
wholly above suspicion. His fellow
workers had too many pressing tasks
ahead of them for more than a belated
Christmas greeting.

  To the cashier he made the same ex-
planation he gave at his boarding place.

  “Thank the Lord,” that gentleman
exclaimed, “I won’t have to make any
ONE CHRISTMAS

155

shifts! We could use more help this
week, at that.”

  So now, for Broadstone, the su-
preme moment was at hand. The vault
was opened. His usual routine pres-
ently took him there. He emerged
from the vault, returned to his bronze
lattice cage with his day’s cash. He
could feel upon his body a clammy
sweat slowly gathering. The reaction
made him dizzy. The packets of gold
certificate rested now in approximately
the position from which they had
originally been abstracted. Broad-
stone’s accounts had in nowise been
tampered with. From every angle he
was now absolutely secure.

  Fortune had favored him in the be-
ginning. Her smile seemed still to rest
upon him benignantly in the conclu-
sion of this extraordinary undertak-
ing.

  He found his hands tremulous and
uncertain as he set about arranging for
the work that would fall upon him with
the opening of the bank’s doors. But,
to offset that minor physical disturb-
ance, he felt something of that same
profound, soul-satisfying relief which
must attend a man who receives an un-
conditional pardon when his feet are
already on the scaffold.

  Broadstone went home to lunch.
Going to his room after the meal, he

found upon his dresser, where a maid
had laid them after the postman’s
morning round, three or four letters.
One envelope bore the imprint of the
Citizen’s National Bank. He turned it
over uneasily, wondering what it might
contain, and noticed that the postmark
bore the date of Saturday, Christmas
Eve. He tore it open at last. With
an odd flutter of his pulse he read:

  Dear Mr. Broadstone : In appreciation of
ten years’ faithful and efficient service we
take great pleasure in announcing that after
January ist your salary will be at the rate
of eighteen hundred dollars ($1,800) per
annum.

  Wishing you a Merry Xmas and a Happy
New Year, we remain, cordially yours,

The Citizen’s National Bank,

Jas. Beardsley, Pres. & Man. Dir.

  Broadstone sat on the edge of his
bed, gazing at the typewritten lines,
reading them over and over. He could
scarcely credit it, but there the thing
stood in black and white before him.

 “That’s a nundred and fifty a
month,” he muttered. “A fifty-per-cent
raise. And I—oh, I guess Pm about
the luckiest guy in this town to-day.”

 Then he clapped on his cap and
rushed downstairs and went striding
hurriedly along the street, to use up
the remaining fifteen minutes of his
noon hour in carrying the double tid-
ings of gladness to Ada Storr.

       MR. FLANNERY FINDS HIMSELF
JOSEPH M. FLANNERY, the radium king, who is more than six feet tall,
J has a diaphragm like a flour barrel and is possessed of the energy of a fully
developed locomotive, was invited to lunch on one occasion with six Philadelphia
millionaires. The talk turned to health, poor health, and many of the ills that the
flesh is heir to.

     The millionaires, according to their stories, had suffered greatly. Their talk
touched on torpid livers, weak lungs, the thyroid gland, lymphatic glands, the
clavicle, the popliteal space, the gastrocnemius, the great trochanter, the ventricles
of the heart, and so on.

    Finally the medical atmosphere became too pronounced for Flannery.

    ‘Gentlemen,” he said solemnly, “I realize my mistake. I thought I had
come to a luncheon; but, to my amazement, I find myself at an organ recital.”
Virus X

By Robert Welles Ritchie

Author of Stalemate, ’’ “His Master's Voice,” Etc'.

The mast valued member of Raoul Flack's interesting company of
international crooks finds a rich field for his endeavors in the per-
son of a millionaire whose life was one long battle with germs

THE big man with the mink-lined
overcoat snowplowed his way
through the corridors of the As-
surance Building, choked with
the noon rush for the downtown, hasty-
stoking restaurants. His shoulders,
wide, competent, aggressive, clove a
way for him with little respect for
the comfort of others making for the
wide battery of doors at the Broadway
exit. There was about him that self-
centered concentration of purpose and
air of genteel bullying which fatuous
Manhattan accepts as sure index of
power and success. The veiled glare
of latent hostility in his eyes, outshoot
of close-barbered chin—even the pursy
upholstery of his pink cheeks—all these
incidentals of the purely physical cried
“Way!” for the progress of the mas-
terful one.

  He came to one of the d<>ors, which
swung inward on massive hinges, and
for the fraction of a second he hesi-
tated. Then one gloveless hand
dropped into a pocket of his overcoat
and produced a handkerchief. The
square of fine linen was spread be-
tween pudgy fingers as a veil, and thus,
with the handkerchief protecting bare
flesh from contamination by the metal
of the door handle, the square-shoul-
dered one made his exit into the hurly-
burly of North America’s most petted
thoroughfare. As his hand fell away

from the door handle the handkerchief
was allowed to flutter away unheeded
on the stiff February wind. A “new-
sie” caught the fluttering white bit and
came galloping after the one who had
dropped it, the fascinating picture of
a dime or a quarter filling his mental
retina.

  “Your hank, mister.” He ran along-
side and held it up before the eyes of
the man in the mink-lined coat.

  The man cursed. “Take it away!”
came the growl, and the boy faded,
abashed, into the crowd.

  Of the scores who followed the big
man through the doors, but one, aside
from the newsboy, noted the incident
of the protective handkerchief—that
one a man in whom perception of un-
considered things was developed to a
passion, and to professional acuteness
passing the ordinary. The fine, dark
eyes of Gaspard Detournelles—hard
drawn, they were, under downward-
pointing brows a little like a fox’s—
viewed all the world of men as a covert
wherein fat game might be flushed at
the least expected moment. Therefore
they were preternaturally acquisitive.
And they read significance in the most
commonplace incident overlooked by
the herd. So in this instance of the
quick requisition of the handkerchief
to protect a fat hand from effluvium
of the masses corroding the handle of

This series began in the November 7th POPULAR.
vmus x

157

the door, the eyes of Detournelles read
a hint sufficiently diverting. So divert-
ing, in fact, as to swing him away from
a quondam business engagement and
set him to following a wide brown
strip of mink fur through the press
on the sidewalk.

  Trailing was absurdly simple; he had
but to follow the wake of outraged cit-
izens left behind that blocky dread-
naught of a man who elbowed and
chivvied his course like an all-big-gun
fighting machine on trial triangle. A
traffic policeman riding herd on the
stampede of automobiles up and down
the high-walled canon, held up a thun-
dering motor truck to permit the gen-
tleman’s passing; a street sweeper
raised a blunt hand to the vizor of his
helmet. For both public servants re-
ward was a gruff “How-yuh ?” suffi-
ciently compensating to judge from
their beaming smiles. The object of
these attentions turned down a side
street and into the ornate entrance of
a pay-all-you-have restaurant—one of
those establishments with painted pea-
cocks on the walls, wherein the price
of viands is set by the number of golden
eyes in the peacocks’ tails. Detour-
nelles, following at a discreet distance,
came up to the piratical haunt of the
hat boy just as the object of his inter-
est was divested of his hat and over-
coat and had turned into the blue-tiled
washroom. As casually as he could,
Detournelles followed. He was just
in time to see an obsequious Greek tip
Over the edge of one of the basins a
bottle of disinfectant, widely adver-
tised in the subway placards. A little
spurt of the cleansing fluid into the
contents of the bowl satisfied the blocky
gentleman; he laved his hands and
cleansed them on a towel which the
Greek whipped out of an oiled paper
jacket.

  A dollar bill in the hand of the head
waiter secured for Detournelles the
dining place he desired; it was just in-

side an alcove and at a point of van-
tage whence the fastidious one he had
followed could be observed from an
angle wholly unobtrusive. The acquis-
itive eyes of the trailer were all alight
now with interest and nimble specula-
tion. His relish was, up to the present
moment, purely - a detached one—the
enthusiasm of a connoisseur in human
foibles for a new find. But behind the
surface interest that predatory instinct
which made Gaspard Detournelles the
most valued member of Raoul Flack’s
interesting company of international
crooks—known to the Paris Surete as
the Incomparables—-had already begun
to function. His imagination could
leap a long way ahead of simple cir-
cumstance and frame eventualities and
possibilities for profit along the oblique
lines of the Incomparables’ professional
activities.

  So Detournelles studied the broad
shoulders and half profile of the mas-
terful citizen, a few tables removed,
with a double interest.

  That the object of his scrutiny was
petted of the whole Mazarin manage-
ment was sufficiently patent; also that
the Cafe Mazarin was more than will-
ing to bend its discipline and culinary
custom to the curious whims of its
wealthy patron. It was the first dep-
uty head waiter himself who bent a
slavish ear to take the great man’s or-
der ; another menial, whose touring car
could not have been less than a twin
six, brought the silver splendor of cas-
seroled meat and mushrooms sous
cloche. The rolls, so Detournelles
noted, were each incased in oiled-paper
pajamas, though no such delicacy was
practiced at other tables. The waiter
did not menace the cleanliness of the
cutlery by removing it from the tray
with his own hands, but held the server
so that the diner himself could lift
knife, fork, and spoon collection to the
damask. All this regimen was done
so as a matter of course as to carry to
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

the observer conviction of its having
become custom.

  One preliminary to the meal rang a
deep note in Detournelles’ penetration.
Before he had touched a mouthful of
the food ranged before him the ex-
quisite cleansed knife, fork, and spoons
by fire. One by one he held the sev-
eral accessories in the flame of the al-
cohol lamp beneath the chafing dish,
turning them over and over, and finally
dipping the heated service implements
in a glass of ice water. Then followed
discussion of the viands with gusto born
of confidence. lie ate largely and with
the same imperious air that marked his
breasting of the crowd. Detournelles
had to extend his meal with a liqueur
and cigar in order to remain until the
other had finished. With almost no
finesse he followed his quarry back
through Broadway and up the vaulting
elevator to a high level of the Assur-
ance Building. The door behind which
the trailed one disappeared was one of
an extensive suite and bore on its
ground-glass panel this legend: “T.
Stacey Crump, Industrials.” Within
fifteen minutes Bradstreet’s, the City
Directory, and Social Register had
yielded Detournelles much information
concerning T. Stacey Crump. What
Bradstreet’s asserted the Directory of
Directors affirmed with emphasis—he
was one of the biggest fish in all the
Wall Street pool. The Social Regis-
ter added its discriminating voice as to
Mr. Crump’s connections with the Shal-
lowbrook Hunt, his town house, and
Adirondack lodge. Each of the mute
character witnesses brought a deeper
gleam to the eyes of Detournelles.

  At exactly noon next day the French-
man was at the Broadway corner of
the Cafe Mazarin, eagerly scanning the
street in the direction of the Assurance
Building. When he saw a mink-lined
overcoat breasting the tide he hurried
into the domain of the peacocks, and,
by virtue of a tip, secured a table a

little to one side and in front of the
one reserved for Crump. He was giv-
ing his order when the magnate ap-
peared from the washroom and took
his seat. Detournelles was so placed
that he could not see the object of his
manueverings, but knew that he could
be seen of him.

  The waiter brought rolls to place be-
side the silver service. Detournelles
gave them one scornful glance, then
turned and fixed the menial with a cold
eye.

  “That vou should think I would eat
these !” he sharply exclaimed. “Bah !
Little nests of disease! At once bring
me rolls with protective jackets or I
shall seek the management.”

  Overcome with the surprise of the
attack, the waiter stumbled away, to
return in a few minutes with pajama-
clad rolls such as the fastidious Crump
enjoyed. Detournelles removed one
from it’s envelope and examined it crit-
ically before proceeding to break off an
end to butter. When his meat order
came, and with it knives and forks, he
gravely inaugurated a most surprising
campaign of preparation.

  First, from a pocket of his jacket,
he produced a miniature atomizer,
spraying alcohol. He set fire to the tip
of the jet, and in the thin fan of blue
flame thus kindled passed back and
forth the blades of the knives and tines
of the forks. He heard the clatter of
a fork dropped on a plate at Crump’s
table, followed by a startled grunt of
surprise. Other eyes than the waiter’s
were on him, Detournelles knew by this
token. When the table service had all
been sterilized in the alcohol flame he
brought from the breast pocket of his
coat a small vial of colorless fluid—
high-proof cognac it was—poured, a
film of this over the heaped-up viands
on his plate, and applied a match. A
veil of blue flame skipped like marsh
gas over joint and vegetables, then
passed to nothingness.
VI<RUS X

159

  With a conscious air of satisfaction,
Detournelles ate his meal, topping off
with liqueur and cigar. But before he
would put the tip of the perfecto be-
tween his lips he wet it with the liquid
from the vial. He smoked at his ease,
never turning his head by so much as
an inch, though he could feel the gim-
leting of Crump’s eyes between his
shoulders.

  Before the first ash was sped a heavy
figure appeared by his side and a throaty
voice hailed him:

  “Excuse me, but may I sit down and
talk with you for a while? You and I
have a good deal in common.” De-
tournelles looked lazily up to Crump’s
face, and, somewhat distantly, indi-
cated with a wave of his hand the op-
posite empty chair. The financier
dropped heavily to his seat, fumbled
with a cardcase, and finally managed
to snare one of his cards between pudgy
fingers. This he passed to Detournelles
with a formal bow. The latter eyed
the engraved script, then with a slight
accentuation of his French mode of
speech : “And for what, M’sieu Crump,
this honor?”

  Crump, put temporarily at a disad-
vantage by the coolness of his recep-
tion, cleared his throat noisily.

  “Well, fact is, Mr.—ah—Mr.-”

Detournelles made no move to supply
his name. “Fact is, I couldn’t help
noticing your—hum—precautions you,
took about your eating. That’s a sort
of hobby of mine—germ protection,
you know. More than a hobby I guess
I might as well admit. Fm a nut about
it.” Detournelles lifted his eyebrows
ever so slightly at the slang phrase, and
the pink deepened in the other’s super-
latively healthy cheeks. He forged on
doggedly:

  “I said I couldn’t help noticing your
little precautions—and they interested
me a whole lot. You seem to have it
all over me for science—in the way
you go about sterilizing. Maybe you

wouldn’t mind telling me what that
preparation is you put on your food to
burn off surface germs from the air.
A mighty necessary thing, that; but I
never knew how to do it.”

  Detournelles had allowed his frigid-
ity to thaw materially during the other’s
halting speech. Now he beamed upon
Crump, as one enthusiast upon another.
He brought out his cardcase and passed
across the table a cardboard neatly en-
graved :

CHEV. GASPARD DETOURNELLES,
VISCOUNT ALLAIRE,

Institut Bacteriologique.

Directeur.	Paris.

  “We are, then, fellow soldiers in the
army of preservation, M’sieu Crump,”
Detournelles hailed, with a gesture of
the hands essentially Gallic. “How
well met in this so-strange country,
where men know not the first principles
of bacteriological defense—-and die so
miserably by the tens of thousands.

You are the first-” He left the

sentence pregnant because unfinished.

  Crump was delighted. His native
pugnacity and denial of convention car-
ried him at a bound over all the reserve
of this courteous stranger who made
the battle against the unseen myriads
of the air one of scientific management
instead of the hit-or-miss provision
Crump had seized upon. The nameless
fear which rode at the financier’s elbow
day and night—which in his chimera
of dread made even his pink cheeks
and superlative vitality mockeries in the
face of insidious decay—this found sol-
ace in a lucky meeting such as the
present one. He unburdened himself
without reserve.

 “Why, Chevalier-” Crump’s en-
vious democracy hit upon that handle
with avidity. “Why, chevalier, I even
leave my shoes in a pan of B. O. dis-
infectant overnight, and when I’m in
a strange hotel I won’t step out of my
bed, without night slippers—burn ’em,
160

THE cPO<PULJ2(R MAGAZINE

too, rather than put ’em in my trunk
when I’m leaving. I won’t have a
servant who’s got the least trace of
dandruff. And I use up about a gross
of handkerchiefs a month opening
doors in public places with them—
cheaper than throwing away gloves.
Never wear gloves, anyway, since I read
how a man got rabies through a pair
of dogskin gloves. Of course, my lady
wife says I’m crazy—not crazy enough
to kiss her, you bet, and I’ve had to
fire every stenographer I’ve had when
she gets a cold and sneezes into her
notebooks; and there’s considerable ex-
pense in having my whole suite of
offices washed with B. O. once a week.
But—I keep my health, and that’s the
main thing.”

  The director of the Institut Bac-
teriologique listened with warm cour-
tesy to the financier’s recital of his
many precautions. But he was evasive
under direct questioning concerning his
own system of defense against the ever-
present germ, particularly as to the
mission of the Parisian institute ever
which he had charge. “Some day,” he
vouched tantalizingly, as they rose to
go; ‘'some day perhaps we can inter-
est you in our system of permanent
self-sterilization, which covers every
point of defense except against the
zymogenic bacteria. No, no, m’sieu,
not a word; this is a happy meeting
and we will not intrude business. At

another time, perhaps-”

  Detournelles was adamant against the
big man’s importunities for an imme-
diate continuance of •the chance ac-
quaintance. Very skillfully he left im-
planted in Crump’s mind overweening
curiosity and the desire to pursue far-
ther the mastering passion of protec-
tion under the tutelage of the scientist
from the institut.

  “Right soon, M’sieu Crump, when I
find the time in my so-pressing duties,
I will meet you here for luncheon,”
was Detournelles’ parting promise.

“Let Us hope nothing—no triumph of
the enemy—will prevent.”

II.

  It was ten days after the encounter
in the Mazarin that Detournelles kept
a dinner engagement with T. Stacey
Crump, which he had reluctantly per-
mitted to be forced upon him at a sec-
ond meeting over the table in the down-
town restaurant. The meal was served
with all the quiet niceties that make
the Salamis Club a place of comforts.
For Crump the softly shaded candles
on the table but lit the way to a larger
and more wonderful prospect, for the
director of the Institut Bacteriologique
had promised that this night he would
take his host for a visit of inspection
to the branch of the Paris laboratory
which he recently had opened in New
York—“a small and modest beginning
of our work in America, but an out-
post, my dear M’sieu Crump, of our
army of preservation over there.”

  For Gaspard Detournelles, as for his
precious associates in Raoul Flack’s
little company of expert criminals,
these ten days between meetings with
the financier had been crammed with
high-tension activity. Not the least
portion of this period of preparation
had been spent by Detournelles among
the dry-as-dust accumulation of tomes
in that obscure room of the great li-
brary on Fifth Avenue which has
“Pathology” inscribed over its door.
The nimble wits of the man had leaped
to the exigencies of the occasion, and
from the many scientific works he
skimmed he had culled an engaging line
of patter. This he doled out to his din-
ner companion in homeopathic doses—
a word here, a phrase there. Before
the cigars were finished and Crump’s
limousine trundled up to the club door
Detournelles had more than ever es-
tablished himself in character.

It was on the Frenchman’s sugges-
VI^US X

161

tion, artfully put, that the auto depos-
ited them at a corner of the broad ave-
nue flanking Central Park on the west;
they would have a brief walk in the
park, dear M’sieu Crump and himself
would, so as to fill their lungs with
the fresh night air after the confine-
ment of the limousine. Detournelles
had no wish that the location of the
institut should be known to any other
than the big man, his companion.
Crump did not even notice the illumi-
nated sign at the corner of the street
down which they turned after five min-
utes' brisk walk under the gaunt limbs
of the park’s winter wilderness.

  One of a long row of brownstone
fronts, all similar in design, was their
destination. A girl in nurse’s starched
cap and apron—a girl with a sweet, de-
mure beauty of level eyes and broad
brow—opened the door at Detournelles’
ring. “Ah, Mamselle Nan,” the
Frenchman murmured, “the reception
room for this gentleman, please, and
request Doctor Flack’s attendance there
if he is not engaged.” Saying which,
he bowed his apology and disappeared
down the dim hall.

  Without a...word, Nan Madden—the
Nan Madden of the studio and the
phonograph plot that came so near ruin-
ing the great tenor, Engwald—led the
short way to a room on the right of
the hall, and, at the door, bowed the
visitor in with a curt little nod, wholly
impersonal. The door closed behind
Crump. He was alone in the strangest
room he had ever seen. Bare it was
to the limit of monkishness, and more
than monastic the severity of the few
pieces of furniture therein. Walls were
shining white, reflecting dazzlingly the
cold light from the incandescent cluster
depending from the ceiling. Instead of
the property sofa, center table, and
leather-backed chairs of the usual
physician’s consultation room, here
were only a settee and two chairs, all
of steel even to the thin mesh webbed

  nB p

  across seat and back—steel painted an
uncompromising and ultra-sterilized
white. White, too, was the floor cover-
ing of some rubberoid substance.

  But compelling focus of attention
was the glistening steel boiler head of
some strangely fashioned engine, which
stood on spindling steel legs in a cor-
ner. Somewhere within its mysterious
vitals hidden fires, whether of electric-
ity or alcohol, were burning; a sighing
murmur and whispering of imprisoned
steam came intermittently from secret
vents, and out of a thin tube rising
above the boiler was disseminated a
grayish vapor. It must have been the
vapor that filled the room with that
pungent, medicinally clean odor.

  Crump had come to Detournelles’
“outpost of preservation” with imagina-
tion fired and every faculty of his
chronic aberration on the qui vive. But
this startling engineer of germ destruc-
tion—this white and steel room with
the lisping whisper of medicated steam
making its dead walls vocal—he was
hardly prepared for such extremity of
precaution. Alone as he was, all the
delicious dread that assails the neophyte
in the anteroom of the lodge was his.
A great sense of peace also settled over
him; here was one place in all New
York where the ever-present germ
could not get at him.

  The big man of Wall Street had only
the vapor generator for companion dur-
ing ten pregnant minutes—so nicely did
Raoul Flack time the necessities of
psychological reaction. Then the door
opened and two spectral figures en-
tered. Both wore the gaberdine of the
operating room, dropping below their
knees and hooding their heads; their
faces were partially masked by stiff
gauze respirators. It was Detournelles
who raised a rubber-gloved hand and
unmasked himself, his companion—a
diminutive figure somehow conveying
the aspect of age even through the
gaberdine—following suit.
162

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

  “Pardon the delay, M’sieu Crump,”
Detournelles purred. “A little visit to
our patients in company with Doctor
Flack here. Doctor Flack, my good
friend, M’sieu T. Stacey Crump, of
whose great name in the field of finance
you will hear when you have been
longer in this country.”

  Crump rose and extended his hand.
The face he saw under the sagging edge
of the cowl was one to remember long.
Just two deep-set and age-old eyes in
the hollows of shadowed sockets,
scraggy cheek bones, and a mouth that
was a blue-white line; that was the face.
The eyes dominated every other fea-
ture, they were so cold and absolute;
knowledge seemed to be stored in the
depths of their irises like treasure in
steel-ribbed vaults. Doctor Flack ac-
knowledged the introduction with pro-
fessional curtness.

  “M’sieu Crump is one who in his
own way—maybe a somewhat imper-
fect way, but nevertheless praiseworthy
—has been trying to avoid the perils
of the unseen enemy,” Detournelles was
saying. “I have consented to bring him
to our little isle of safety here, my dear
doctor, that he may see how far science
has progressed along the lines of his
endeavor. Will you be good enough to
explain our method?”

  They seated themselves on the steel-
woven mesh, the Phantom pushed back
the cowl from his surprising head of
dead-white hair, and began, in mark-
edly imperfect English, an exposition
of the Detournelles system of immuni-
zation against all virulent bacteria save
the zymogenic—naive exception ! He
told of the inoculation with Virus X
—that remarkable blanket policy against
the risks of voracious animalcuke from
anthrax to yellow jack; of the period
of inculbation spent necessarily in com-
plete quiet; the rise in temperature ac-
companied by occasional delusional
symptoms, and the final rapid convales-
cence, out of which the patient emerged

a veritable Samson in the germ world.
During Flack’s disclosures Detournelles,
with an air of translating the profundi-
ties for layman’s comprehension, threw
in a word here and there. In the end
Crump persuaded himself that he un-
derstood thoroughly.

  “And now, M’sieu Crump, for the
visual demonstration—so far as circum-
stances permit,” Detournelles mur-
mured, and he led the way out of the
room and up a flight of stairs. Crump
followed, trembling with eagerness for
the final revelation. They passed down
a dark hall toward a distant square of
light shining out against an opposite
wall. In this block of radiance they
stopped. Crump saw that it came
through a square panel of plate glass
set in a closed door. He dared look
through.

  What he saw was sufficiently impres-
sive : a bare, white-walled room such
as the one they had just quitted and
made dazzling by the cold light of in-
candescents. On an iron cot, against
the far wall opposite the panel, lay the
passive form of a man, head bandaged
in white. A hooded figure in white
gaberdine was just turning away from
the cot as Crump looked through the
glass. She saw the faces at the panel,
and nodded brightly. It was “Mam-
selle Nan,” the pretty nurse who had
admitted the visitor at the front door.

  “Ah,” breathed Detournelles, as the
girl inside made some quick gesture
with her hand, “she says temperature is
down, doctor. Which is as should be.
We do not take you into this room, my
dear M’sieu Crump, for a simple rea-
son. It is our desire to protect our
patients as greatly as possible against
outside contamination during the period
of incubation. We ourselves and the
nurse go in only when absolutely nec-
essary, and then only after complete
sterilization. The sterilizer you will
see in the corner, M’sieu Crump”—he
pointed to a vapor engine similar to
VI<RUS X

163

the one in the reception room below-—
“that makes of this room a veritable
germ desert. No spirilla live in its at-
mosphere.”

  “Is it painful, this period of incu-
bation after inoculation with Virus
X?” Crump whispered.

  “Pah!” snorted Doctor Flack. “A
fever for a few days, the—the—what
you call it?—night horse—nightmare,
perhaps one or a few. And then—the
resistant man!”

  Crump made his decision on the way
downstairs to the reception room; it
was made quickly, as were all his de-
cisions.

  “I want to come here and take your
treatment,” he announced. “When can
I come and how long will it take?”
Doctor Flack humped his shoulders
doubtfully, and looked to Detournelles
as if passing judgment on the accept-
ance of Crump’s offer up to higher
authority. The latter smiled dryly.

  “We are not at all sure we desire
you for a patient, M’sieu Crump/’ De-
tournelles said. “You are a man—how
shall I call it?—masterful. You would
not be amenable to necessary discipline.
Moreover, because of professional rea-
sons, we desire to work ever so quietly
in this our beginning in America. You
would have to come to us secretly; not
even your closest associate could know
of your coming; not even your wife.
So jealous are we of the robber physi-
cians who will pattern after our proc-
esses so soon as they learn them. So,
you see our position/’

  Detournelles played his card
shrewdly, knowing that the least sign
of opposition would but whet the de-
termination of this two-handed juggler
of the financial balls to have his way.
Slowly the director of the Institut Bac-
teriologique yielded under pressure,
giving a point reluctantly and combat-
ing another with vim. At last Crump
triumphed.

   “I’ll be here at nine to-morrow night,

without baggage, as you say,” he af-
firmed, as he rose to go. “And I’ll
bring a certified check in blank, at your
suggestion; we can decide on the figure
to fill in any time—and it’ll be a big
one, I’ll promise you that.”

  “My children,” said Raoul Flack, the
Phantom, when they were all gathered
about a bottle of excellent vintage—
even the “patient,” who was Henri, the
diamond setter, there with his swathed
head and nightgown—“my children, I
am inclined to agree with M’sieu
Crump's statement that the figure on
that certified check will be a large one.”

III.

  Boylan—Roger Boylan, the detective
without frills—was called into the case
of the disappearance of T. Stacey
Crump through the intervention of his
good friend, Edgerton Miles, stock-
broker, for whom he had once solved
the mystery of the substituted sapphire
collarr. This was three days after
Crump had left his home on upper Mad-
ison Avenue on a night after dinner,
telling his wife he was going to the
Salamis Club to keep a business ap-
pointment with a customer. Crump had
stepped out of his front door and out
of the world as completely as if by
some magic the force of gravity had
been cut from under his feet and he
had soared into stellar space to become
a two-hundred-and-fifty-pound comet.

  It was in Miles’ office Boylan met
Mrs. Crump for a preliminary consulta-
tion. To Miles as a close friend and
business associate of her husband the
distracted lady of the missing financier
had gone in her extremity. The calling
in of the detective had followed. Boy-
lan came to the meeting in his rosy-
cheeked and square-toed simplicity,
from the flat top of his brown derby to
the sleasy strings of his bulldogs every
inch a master plumber or Ward captain
-—anything but the confidential solver
164

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

of society’s delicate problems. The
slightly overdressed and delicately florid
widow in posse made no effort to con-
ceal the disappointment of her anticipa-
tions. She bored Boylan through and
through with the stabbing of her gold-
mounted monocle, injuring the victim
not a whit.

  Miles took upon himself the task of
outlining the facts of Crump’s disap-
pearance ; the jovial giant took occasion
more than once during the recital to
slip in a ponderous wink unobserved by
Mrs. Crump, as if to say that he, the
wise one, could reveal privately a great
deal appertaining to the mystery, Boy-
lan listened with his round head cocked
on one side in his characteristic, bird-
like posture of alert receptivity.

  “You say your husband took no bag-
gage with him, Mrs. Crump—sent none
away from the house in advance of his
disappearance?” the detective asked,
when he had all of Miles’ facts.

  “Not even his bedroom slippers,” the
lady answered definitively, “and that
shows he wasn’t planning to be away
from home, for without his bedroom
slippers he’s helpless as a turtle on its
back.”

  “Helpless?” Boylan echoed.

  “Positively! T. Stacey won’t get out
of a strange bed without slipping his
feet into bedroom slippers so as not to
pick up germs off an unknown carpet.”
Again the illuminating wink from
Miles, semaphored from behind Mrs.
Crump’s shoulder.

  “I suppose—um—Mr. Crump left his
business affairs in proper shape?” Boy-
lan hazarded.

  “So far as they affect me, yes,” said
the lady, with a significant tightening
of the lips. “I know nothing about his
business except the regular payment of
my income.”

  Boylan seemed lost in thought for a
minute or more, then put a question
with a shading of deference in his
voice:

  “Mr. Crump—has he any hobbies,
any peculiarities of thought or conduct
that might bear on this case?” Mrs.
Crump bridled at the instant.

  “Peculiarities ? I should say as
much! For one, he hasn’t kissed me in
twelve years, and I’d call that a peculi-
arity. He’s afraid I’d poison him with
some germ. He won’t sit down in a
chair a caller has used until it’s dusted
and fumigated. He makes the second
maid wash Titbits—that’s my Per-
sian—once a day in B. O. And every
servant in the house must wear rubber
gloves except in their sleep.”

  When she had taken her leave, Miles
rejoined Boylan, his face all broken
into humorous wrinkles.

  “Germs in the germea!” he boomed.
“That’s what’s the matter with friend
Crump, and it seems to have sort o’
struck in on his lady’s wifely affection,
as it were. But, seriously, Crump is
the shrewdest trader south of Maiden
Lane and balanced like a top except on
this one subject of the little wigglers
in the air and water and food. You
don’t suppose little wigglers have any-
thing to do with his disappearance?”

  “Not unless- By the way, does

this Crump talk to anybody about his
dread of germs? Would he be likely
to fall in the way of some faker who’d
scare him to death for money?”

  “Tries his best to conceal his bug
from his associates,” Miles assured.
“Eats alone at the Cafe Mazarin, so’s
nobody’ll see him toast his table tools
in the chafing-dish flame. Won’t drink
at a bar because he refuses to swallow
anything that’s had ice in it or near it.
That’s how he dodges publicity on the
nut stuff.”

  “Looks to me as if we’d find T.
Stacey Crump dangling somewhere on
the tail feathers of a large he-bacillus
just the same,” Boylan mused. “You’ll
hear from me—when there’s something
to hear.”

  He went from Miles’ office to
VI<RUS X

165

Crump's, in the Assurance Building.
Patience was with Roger Boylan no
more a virtue than breathing; it was
obvious. Late that night he came upon
the first clew to the disappearance of
T. Stacey Crump. That was after he
had sat for five hours, going over a
bale of waste paper, the collections of
all the wastebaskets of the Assurance
Building for a week; dusty incandes-
cents in the vaults of the sub-sub base-
ment gave his only light. The clew
was an engraved card, bearing this
legend:

CHEV. GASPARD DETOURNELLES,
VISCOUNT ALLAIRE,

Institut Bactefiologique.

Direcreur.	Paris.

  Boylan read the card twice over, and
a cherubic smile creased the dust
streaks on his face.

  ‘‘On the tail feathers of a bacillus,”
he whispered; “a regular bad bacillus.”

IV.

  T. Stacey Crump eased his two hun-
dred and fifty pounds of superlatively
vital bone and sinew between sheets,
and offered his plump, pink arm to the
ministrations of Doctor Flack. The lat-
ter was swathed in his cowled gaber-
dine; from the shadow about his face
his inscrutable eyes appeared to glow
with a light all their own. Behind him
hovered Detournelles and Nan Mad-
den, the pretty nurse, both similarly
garbed in grave cerements. The
woman held a metal tray, from which
came the limpid glow of lights on some
liquid in a glass receiver and the sharp
sheen of metal instruments. Flack
turned to the tray, dipped gauze in
the liquid, and thoroughly sponged a
surface of several square inches on
Crump’s arm. Then he straightened-
up, lifted a silver-and-glass hypodermic
needle from the tray, and, holding it
up to the cluster of incandescents in

the ceiling, observed it with a critical,
professional air.

  “M’sieu is quite sure he wishes to
proceed with the inoculation?” These
were the first words spoken in almost
ten minutes of quiet; they were given
with the gravity of a death sentence.

  “Sure; but don’t make such a funeral
of it, doc,” Crump answered, with
forced levity. Nevertheless, one cor-
ner of his mouth sagged under a sharp
tug of fear, and his eyes roved from
shrouded face' to shrouded face.

  Flack lifted from the tray a test tube,
stoppled with a dab of cotton, removed
the woolly plug, and inserted the hypo-
dermic needle in the thick yellow fluid,
which half filled the glass tube. As
he drew back the plunger Crump’s eyes
followed the flow of the viscid stuff up
into the glass barrel of the instrument.
Almost before he was prepared for it,
Flack had pinched a roll of flesh in
Crump’s arm, and he felt the stab of
a sharp point. He grunted.

  “You now have in your veins some-
thing over three millions of active ba-
cilli,” the Phantom was saying in a
voice dry as the rustling of dead leaves.
“In an hour—perhaps two—the phe-
nomenon of symptoms makes itself to
appear; a temperature rising, headache,
perhaps unpleasant visions. But be un-
disturbed. That is as nothing. Above
all things, M’sieu Crump, quiet—quiet!
Do not rise from your bed. The touch
of your bare feet on the floor—ah, that
would be unfortunate!”

  “But don’t I get a pair of bedroom
slippers?” Crump whined.

  “Decidedly not,” was the Phantom’s
answer, and without another word the
three sheeted figures passed out of the
glass-paneled door. Crump was alone.

  He lay for a long time, his eyes on
the three cold bulbs of light against the
shining white ceiling. Every mental
faculty was concentrated on a little
burning spot on his left arm—the place
where the needle had pricked. ’
166

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

  His mind came back to the glazed
walls of the room, roved over them in-
curiously. Now he was conscious of
the presence of that engine—a lisp-
ing sigh and whisper, bubbling, bub-
bling interminably. By turning his
head sharply he could see the thing over
in a corner—the polished steel belly of
its boiler and the prim tube rising over
all to spout gray vapor. The smell of
its disgorgings was abominable, even
though germ fatal. Crttmp wondered
if there was a chance of suffocation;
where ventilation of the room was pro-
vided—he saw no openings in the walls
and sealed windows.

  By and by another sound slowly
forced its way through the bubbling
of the vapor engine with quiet insist-
ence. He was several minutes identi-
fying it; finally recognized it as a
clock’s ticking.

  How long since the injection of the
Virus X? Was it an hour? No, it
couldn’t be all of that. But-

  Thereafter hardly five minutes
passed without a painful sighting of
the clock face by the patient. He
counted the ticks—sixty to the minute,
three hundred every five minutes. That
W'ould be three thousand six hundred
in an hour. The doc had said that in
an hour, or maybe two, something
would begin to happen—fever, head-
ache-

  Crump counted his pulse, finger on
wrist. He wished he remembered what
was the normal pulse; knew once, but
had forgotten. Seventy something,
wasn’t it ? Well, his wTas going strong
at eighty-two. And wasn’t his fore-
head growing hot ? It sure was—and
clammy like the walls with the drops
of moisture on them. Huh! Those
three million germs were getting in
their work.

  Then came the headache. Just a dull
sort of uncomfortable feeling at first,
but growing into a pound-pound-
pound, like steam riveters at work——•

  Downstairs, in the basement dining
room of the house, Raoul Flack, the
Phantom, was compounding a salad for
the midnight meal. About the table
were Detournelles, Henri, the diamond
setter, and Nan Madden. The girl
alone seemed to lack the zest of gayety
that held the others to quip and laugh-
ter. Perhaps she was too recently come
as a recruit for the Incomparables from
the world of dubious probity that had
been hers. The Phantom balanced a
cruet of olive oil over a spoon, and let
the thick, yellow liquor flow out.

  “Behold, my children,” he chuckled,
“the all-powerful Virus X, which we
are about to take rashly into our stom-
achs and the effects of which our guest
upstairs is now doubtless enjoying. Ah,
my children, the psychology of sugges-
tion is a most fascinating study! Had
I used plain water, instead of olive
oil, in the hypodermic the effect would
have been the same: rise in tempera-
ture after one hour, headache—and
visions. Yes, yes; when we have fin-
ished our little dejeuner we will have
to arrange for the visions. They are
most important.”

V.

 Some time—Crump did not know
when, nor care, for his headache was
raging—the three bulbs of light on the
ceiling flicked out. The room was sooty
black; not a ray of light anywhere. In
the dark the whisper of the sterilizing
engine grew slowly to the roar of a
freight train; that clock overhead was
a pile driver, smashing on metal^-capped
timbers. But time ceased with the dy-
ing of the light; no longer could he
screw his head around and trace the
jump of the minute hand from station
to station. The throbbing in his brain
came to be synchronized with the ham-
mering of the clock—bang—bang—
bang, sixty times to the minute, three
hundred in five minutes.

  Maybe his brain had become a clock!
VI<RUS X

167

  If he could only shut off that infernal
engine and save himself from stran-
gling in its fumes! Supposing some-
thing should go wrong with it and it
should race? Then the breath would
be shut out of him slowly—slowly.
Why didn’t they have a bell rigged up
by the bed so he could summon that
little cockroach of a doctor? In the
name of all reason why hadn’t they left
him a pair of bedroom slippers so he
could step to the door—if he could find
it in the dark—and yell for somebody
to come? By George, he’d go bare-
footed. Wasn’t the floor sufficiently
sterilized?

  Crump had the covers off and one
foot halfway to the floor when he noted
a slow change in the sooty composition
of the dark. It grew imperceptibly
lighter there in the middle of the floor,
between the cot and where he thought
the door was—grew lighter, but whence
came the dissolving of the dark the
man in bed could not tell. He could
only say that there was a growing patch
of light on the floor and a correspond-
ing one, equally strong, on the ceiling
above. Now it was light as a star, now
had almost the strength of the moon.
The patient noted that this was a
cloudy, smoky sort of light, as if it
were alive within itself. He sat up
in bed, the better to see this curious
thing.

  A cry like a tortured animal’s leaped
from his lips. It bespoke the very
abasement of fear. Pie fell back, but
was dragged up, elbow to pillow, again
by the hypnotism of horror.

  The light was alive—alive with writh-
ing, spinning bacilli!

  That floor, to which he had nearly
set his bared feet, was become a ver-
itable serpent’s nest of loathsome,
yeasty things. And the ceiling above
crawled with them. All vague and dim
of outline they were, but endowed with
prodigious life.

  Blind blobs of jelly squirmed and
twisted through the pale medium of
light. Single, sausage-shaped things
darted hither and thither by the pro-
pulsion of two finlike hairs streaming
from their balloon bodies. Circular
disks, with horrid darker cores for eyes,
revolved about one another in a mad,
senseless convulsion. Bodies severed
themselves and became two sentient
things, each following a different
course, in the winking of an eye.

  Years of ghastly existence passed,
broken, to be sure, by the most casual
sanity. Figures in white came and
stood by his bed, ministered to him,
gave him food. They laughed off his
stuttered tales of the dance of the ba-
cilli—said it was the fever that brought
these horrors. In one lucid moment
he was propped up in bed and a pen
put in his hand. Dazedly he signed his
name where directed. He signed “T.
Stacey Crump” to a certified check for
fifty thousand dollars. Then he was
left alone—utterly alone in an echoing
house.

  Methodical as the rounds of clock
hands, and as sure, was Roger Boylan’s
pursuit of the trail opened by the dis-
covery of that bit of pasteboard in the
waste bins of the Assurance Building.
First he visited a physician, and from
him gleaned information concerning
that particular phobia—rare enough in
medical jurisprudence—which drives its
victims to the elaborate precautions that
were Crump’s. The doctor gave the
detective a list of the supply houses in
the Greater City which furnish labora-
tory equipment and the paraphernalia
of scientific study in the field of bac-
teriology. A round of these establish-
ments was fruitless. None had sold
orders to one answering the descrip-
tion of Detournelles, well enough
known to the detective through his
former meetings with the master crook.
A chance word spoken offhand by one
168

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

of the dealers sent Boylan to Phila-
delphia.

  There, on the third day of his chase,
he found a firm that had sold to De-
tournelles a bill of hospital equipment
—sterilizing engines, rubberoid floor-
ing, steel chairs, et cetera. The goods
had been billed direct to an address
on West Ninety-third Street, New
York. Also the purchaser had taken
away with him a most extraordinary
cinema film, showing various animal-
culae microscopically enlarged.

  Edgerton Miles, following a tele-
gram received from Boylan late that
afternoon, was waiting the detective’s
arrival at the Pennsylvania Station at
eight o’clock that night. With him was
a Doctor Throop, the Crump family
physician. This provision was also on
Boylan’s orders.

  “A taxi!” was Boylan’s command
when they had met outside the train
gate. “It may be a question of minutes
to save a man’s reason.” No more
could Miles draw from the chubby lit-
tle man in the dark beside him during
all the mad ride up to the residence
section off the park. When they
alighted before a dark house and en-
countered a locked front door, Boylan
stood not on the order of his progress,
but pried open the door with a short-
handled jimmy.

  Then the groping through deserted
hallways, up a black stairway, and in
the direction of a strange, moaning
chatter. Boylan’s pocket flash showed
the round button of an electric connec-
tion by the side of a door, half paneled
in glass. He switched the button.
Lights flashed in the room beyond the
glass.

  “You go in alone, doctor,” Boylan
whispered, with a catch in his breath;
he had seen the figure stretched on the
cot there, its starting eyes. “We’ll be

in the room below this if you need any
help.”

  Then he led the stupefied Miles
downstairs and into a bare room di-
rectly underneath the one from which
smothered animal cries were sounding.
The incandescents, switched into bril-
liancy, revealed the devilish enginery of
the chamber.

  In the middle of the room a cinema
projector stood straddling on its tripod,
a strip of black film still in place before
the dead lamp, and its lens tilted
sharply upward. Both men followed
with their eyes the direction of the
pointing barrel. They saw, flush with
the plaster of the ceiling, a plate of
glass three feet wide and running half
the full length of the floor above.
Through its vitreous under surface the
observers could see the dull frosting of
the plate exposed in the room above—
a surface which would catch and hold,
as a screen, the figures thrown upward
through the lens.

  “This is a deadly weapon,” Boylan
gritted, his round face suddenly flushed
with passion. “With it our friend, the.
Phantom, and his pack of devils at-
tempted murder—the murder of a
man’s reason. I suppose they’ve got
away with his money. All we’ve done
is to save his life—and, I hope, his
mind.”

  Later, when an ambulance came from
St. Luke’s, and, almost at the same
time, Mrs. Crump, in her limousine,
Doctor Throop hurried to Boylan’s side
in the hallway below.

  “Take that woman away!” he com-
manded in a whisper. “She must not
see.”

  “What’ll I tell her?” Boylan urged.

  “Tell her what’s true, praise God!
Say he’ll live and possess his reason,
but that the way back will be long—
long.”

    The next story in this series—entitled “ The Black Angora Rabbit”—will appear
in the New Year POPULAR, on sale January 7th.
BROTHERHOOD

WISDOM and Wealth, Ignorance and Poverty, met at the manger cradle
the first Christmas, to adore the Child whose divine mission was to be
the merging of these opposites into brotherhood. It is worthy of note
that the Messiah chose Ignorance and Poverty for his sphere of
spiritual leavening, and among lowly laborers toiled at his superhuman task.
Surely, out of Labor is born universal brotherhood, and the workers of the world
possess that sympathy, steadfastness, and unity engendered by common experi-
ence and fate, which knits the souls of men. Now, also out of Labor is prom-
ised a renaissance of simple Christianity that shall have nothing to do with creeds
and doctrines and magnificent cathedrals, nor with any hierarchy of saints and
prelates, but shall follow the humble example of Jesus of Nazareth, who was
content with the wayside, the seashore, or the house of a neighbor as a place
to preach the fatherhood of God and the brotherhood of man.

    Orthodox Christianity has become complex and exceeding rich in the past
nineteen hundred Christmases, and while its influence for good upon humanity
remains peerless, yet in this one vital principle has it been discovered wanting:
It has failed to make real brothers of men. Nowhere are the classes of rich and
poor more sharply defined and divided than in the Church dedicated to the
worship of the Creator and the equality of the human soul. Wealth sits in its
pew, hearkens perfunctorily to Holy Writ, donates generously to church charities,
and feels its duty done. Poverty either does not go to church at all, or, at best,
goes to obtain material help in the spirit of mock humility or secret resentment.
Labor, as represented by the men of factories, foundries, mines, railroads, and
kindred industries, has practically severed itself from the outward forms of re-
ligion, until the complaint of a multitude of preachers echoes with one accord:
“We have not a single workingman in our congregations!” And one of the most
apposite-explanations of the situation was in the foolish boast of a congress of
churchmen, not many years ago, that they had in their respective folds ningty-
five per cent of our richest citizens. One would suppose it were ideal that the
Church and Wealth affiliate, but Labor regards the combination as one of
mutual benefit rather than one of sacrifice and unselfish devotion.

    America is not alone by any means in this marked division of Wealth and
170

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

Labor in the Church. Charles Booth, in his exhaustive analysis of religious
London, came to the discouraging conclusion that “the great masses of the people
remain apart from all forms of religious communion.” France has exhibited the
same phenomenon, the workmen in general frankly allied against the clergy and
the established Church, and the overthrow of clerical power in that country is a
matter of comparatively recent history. Germany, according to authoritative
report, is not any better off, with less than two per cent of the working classes
attending churches. A similar condition is witnessed in other European countries.

    With such premises, we need not inquire what is wrong. It does not call
for a Ifeniel to read the handwriting on the wall. The laborer and the poor
man object to the rich arid mighty taking possession of the Church and controlling
its offices. They have found no brotherhood in organized religion, in the Chris-
tianity whose chief tenet is brotherly love; and in their revolt against the Church
as an institution of the rich and powerful they have organized bodies of their
own, usually of the fraternal class. Hence the rise of socialism, trade unionism
—for individualism in the Church bred individualism in economics—the Salva-
tion Army, and hundreds of cooperative and friendly societies. Some of these
organizations opposed religion and deliberately scorned any recognition of the
spiritual side of humanity. For instance, socialism was altogether atheistic at
first, Karl Marx, its founder, declaring: “The idea of God must be destroyed.”
But latterly it has been observed that Christianity, as exemplified by Christ, and
not by the Church, has been affecting the ranks of socialism, especially in Eng-
land; and continental leaders of the type of the late Jean Jaures and Emile Van-
dervelde went so far as to openly acknowledge the Power behind Nature and
beyond Death.

    It is in England, however, that there has developed what promises to be the
greatest application of Christianity in modern days outside the Church, in the
form of a Brotherhood Movement which is embracing the laborer and the lowly-
of every condition and kind. Founded ten years ago by an earnest group of Eng-
lishmen, headed by the Reverend Doctor F. B. Meyer and William Ward, this
Brotherhood Movement has grown to more than half a million members in
Great Britain alone, while in Canada and the United States the number of
adherents increases every year. In France and Belgium the movement has taken
a strong hold, at one meeting in the former country an English apostle being
wildly cheered when he quoted the Sermon on the Mount. Australia, South
Africa, New Zealand, and even Germany have been proselytized by the Brother-
hood with astonishing success. Workers everywhere have opened their arms to
the propaganda. The principles and aims of the Brotherhood Movement are con-
tained in this summary:

    1.	To lead men and women into the Kingdom of God.

    2.	To win the people for Jesus Christ.

    3.	To unite men in brotherhoods of mutual help.

    4.	To encourage social study and enforce the duties of Christian citizenship.

    Many philosophers and sociologists have expressed amazement at the rise

and extraordinary impetus of this movement born of Labor. Professor Atn-
mundsen, of the Copenhagen University, said: “Socialism has far outrun in its
spirit of enthusiasm the materialism that was once its professed creed. Here we
have labor leaders, mostly socialists, preaching Christianity!” Another learned
observer exclaimed: “The labor movement has raised up active forces which
CAUGHT IN THE NET

171

seem destined to save the working classes of Europe from materialism and
atheism.” J, Keir Hardie, often called the Father of the Labor Party in
Great Britain, expressed himself in the following words: “The rich and com-
fortable classes have annexed Jesus and perverted His gospel. And yet- He
belongs to us in a special degree, and the Brotherhood Movement is tending to
restore Jesus to His rightful place as the Friend and Savior of the poor.”

    War may have temporarily checked this great surge of religious feeling
among the workers, but there is every evidence of its vitality still in the ranks
of citizens and soldiers; and those o.f the Brotherhood have been heard to pity
their German confreres, and to plan comfort and succor for them when the
present holocaust is over. Verily, a new and glorious chapter of spiritual history
is to be entered and lived after the Juggernaut of Mars has passed over humanity,
this time forever.

THE GOVERNMENT'S UNUSED TREASURES

IF the owner of some rare pictures invited us to visit his gallery, but offered
us no means of entrance save down the chimney, it is not likely we should
risk our necks to see his property. We should doubtless find some more
accommodating gallery in which to appease our art hunger. And we should
consider it rather silly of him to scold us for not seeing his pictures first.

    However, this has been our attitude toward our National Park picture
galleries. Travelers who have literally been down the chimney in their efforts
to penetrate the fortresses wherein is hidden America's most splendid scenery,
tell us that Europe has nothing to surpass our own scenic glories, and cannot
equal them in variety. This information always raises the cry, “See America
First.” We should see America first, and, without doubt, we would see America
first if it were possible for the ordinary tourist—seventy-five per cent of whom
are impeded with petticoats—to journey to it. But the Alps, with a splendidly
built motor road or footpath leading to every gorge and grotto, are much more
accessible to Americans than our own Rocky Mountain wonderland, undeveloped
as it is by roads and trails.

    Of all our national parks, the Yellowstone is most accessible, one-fourth
of its area having been developed by wagon roads and trails. But according to
Enos A. Mills, our greatest authority on mountain parks, not over five per cent
of any others can be visited by tourists. This is very poor business for Uncle
Sam, considering the fact that before the outbreak of the European war, seven
hundred million dollars was being spent annually by American travelers abroad.
Were our own scenery more get-at-able, a round number of these travel millions
would be spent at home.

    Congress took a step in this direction when, during the last session, it passed
the national park service bill. This bill provides that our sixteen parks and
twenty-two national monuments shall be developed by scenic roads—a scenic
road is not built to cover the least distance, but the most scenery, between two
points—and hotels. These hotels are to be of three classes, the high-priced lux-
urious, the popular priced, and the simple shelter, it being Uncle Sam's courageous
hope to suit all the people all the time. In order that his visitors may observe
intelligently, Uncle Sam is writing not only guide books, but bulletins on the
trees and flowers and rocks of these regions. For entertaining qualities, the
172

THE 'POPULAR MAGAZINE

information in these pamphlets equal the intrigues of a best seller. Considering
the fact that the Rocky Mountain National Park, established in 1915, and with
its area only one-fifth developed by roads, had eighty thousand visitors the
past summer, the indications are that when the government gets its picture
gallery opened up, America wil rival Switzerland in the tourist business.

RHEIMS

AS you turn the corner and come on it, your first feeling is: “But it is still
standing.” You say to yourself: “People have exaggerated. The struc-
tural parts are all there. The walls are firm, the stone roof punctured,
but still strong. The arches meet, the buttresses are stanch to receive
th^ thrust. People can go on worshiping there for six centuries to come. The
shrine of France is undefiled.”

     But when you pass a space of time with it, and the eye picks up details, you
come away knowing that a quite final indignity has been done to one of the love-
liest buildings in the world. For a cathedral is not a barracks, which meets every
test if it holds together and keeps out rain water. The cathedral was the dwell-
ing place of beauty, and that final touch which made Rheims has been burned
away. The beauty that lay across its west front, and glowed in its rose window,
is gone. The glory of Rheims was in the perfection of an infinite number of
details—a perfect portal, the untarnished lacew7ork of the stone tracery. It is as
if vitriol had been thrown in the face of a beautiful woman. She still lives on.
Her face is still a face, able to function. But the final grace of expression has
been marred. And she no longer answers to something which we went through
the world seeking. It is so at Rheims. The incomparable has been reduced to
the level of a relic. Half the rose window was shattered, and the fragments
fell to the stone floor. The other half is punctured, hangs loosely, and falls each
day in little pieces.

     The sacristan picks up the glass from the floor. The officer with the writer
stooped and picked up a rectangular fragment and gave it to the sacristan, who
later sold it to us. He carries a pocket full of bits—blue and red. Only a few
•visitors come through now, for the cathedral is only a kilometer from the nearest
trench. “About one visitor a fortnight from the outside wrorld,” said the officer.
But some day they will come by the thousand. Then glass from the rose window
of Rheims will be sold at a high price. The sacristan will do a Mayflower busi-
ness, and one trusts that his integrity will hold, and that no factory will spring
up in a side street to. manufacture the peerless red and blue glass of Rheims.

     “You should have seen it at sunset in the old days,” said the officer, as he
pointed to the ragged window.

     Outside the marred cathedral rides the equestrian statue of Joan of Arc,
fair and free, untouched by any of the shells that fell through all that area.
Sea Plunder

By Henry de Vere Stacpoole
Author of '‘‘‘The Gold Trail“The Buccaneers,” Etc.

IV.—AVALON BAY

AVALON BAY, on the east of
Santa Catalina Island, clips be-
tween its two horns a little sea-
side town unique of its kind.
Billy Harman had described it to Cap-
tain Blood as a place where you saw
girls bathing in Paris hats. However
that may be, you see stranger things
than this at Avalon.

  It is the head center of the big-game
fisheries of the California coast. Men
come here from all parts of America
and Europe to kill tarpon and yellow-
tail and black sea bass, to say nothing
of shark, which is reckoned now as a
game fish. Trippers come from Los
Angeles to go round in glass-bottomed
boats and inspect the sea gardens, and
bank presidents, Steel Trust men, and
millionaires of every brand come for
their health.

  You will see monstrous shark gal-
lowsed on the beach and three-hundred-
pound bass being photographed side by
side with their captors, and you will
have the fact borne in on you that the
biggest fish that haunt the sea can be
caught and held and brought to gaff
with a rod weighing only a few ounces
and a twenty-strand line that a child
could snap.

  Every one talks fish at Avalon, from
the boatmen who run the gasoline
launches to the latest-arrived man with
a nerve breakdown who has come from
the wheat pit or Wall Street to rest
himself by killing sharks or fighting

tuna, every one. Here you are esti-
mated not by the size of your bank
balance, but by the size of your catch.
Not by your social position, but by
your position in sport, and here the
magic blue or red button of the Tuna
Club is a decoration more prized than
any foreign order done in diamonds.

  Colonel Culpepper and his daughter,
Rose, were 'staying at Avalon just at
the time the Yan Shan business oc-
curred on San Juan. . The colonel
hailed from the Middle West and had
a wide reputation on .account of his
luck and his millions. Rose had a
reputation of her own; she was reck-
oned the prettiest girl wherever she
went, and just now she was the pretti-
est girl in Avalon.

  This morning, just after dawn, Miss
Culpepper was standing in the veranda
of the Metropole Hotel, where the
darkies were dusting mats and putting
the cane chairs in order. Avalon was
still half in shadow, but a gorgeous
morning hinted of itself in the blue sky
overhead and the touch of dusk-blue
sea visible from the veranda. The girl
had come down undecided as to
whether she would go on the water or
for a ramble inland, but the peep of
blue sea decided her. It was irresisti-
ble, and, leaving the hotel, she came
toward the beach.

  No one was out yet. In half an
hour or less the place would be alive
with boatmen, but in this moment of

This series began in the November 7th POPULAR.
174

THE VOtPULJlV MAGAZINE

enchantment not a soul was to be seen
either on the premises of the Tuna
Club or on the little plage or on the
shingle, where the small waves were
breaking, crystal clear, in the first rays
of the sun.

  She came to a balk of timber lying
close to the water’s edge, stood by it
for a moment, and then sat down, nurs-
ing her knees and contemplating the
scene before her—the sun-smitten sea
looking fresh, as though this were the
first morning that had ever shone on
the world, the white gulls flying against
the blue of the sky, the gasoline
launches and sailing boats anchored
out from the shore and only waiting
the boatmen, the gaffers, the men with
rods, and the resumption of the eternal
business—Fish.

  The sight of them raised no desire
in the mind of the gazer; she was tired
of fish. A lover of the sea, a fearless
sailor and able to handle a boat as well
as man, she was still weary of the
eternal subject of weights and meas-
ures ; she had lived in an atmosphere
of fish for a month, and, not being
much of a fisherwoman, she was be-
ginning to want a change, or, at all
events, some new excitement. She was
to get it.

  A crunching of the shingle behind her
made her turn. It was Aransas Joe,
the first boatman out that morning,
moving like a seal to the sea and laden
with a huge can of bait, a spare spar,
two sculls, and a gaff.

  Anything more unlovely than Aran-
sas Joe in contrast with the fair morn-
ing and the fresh figure of the girl,
it would be hard to imagine. Wall-
eyed, weather-stained, fish-scaled, and
moving like a plantigrade, he was a
living epitome of longshore life and
an object lesson in what it can do for
a man.

  Joe never went fishing; the beach
was his home, and sculling fishermen

to their yawls his business. The Cul-
peppers were well known to him.

  “Joe,” said the girl, “you’re just the
person I want. Come and row me out
to our yawl.”

  “Where’s your gaffer an’ your en-
gine man?” asked Joe.

  “I don’t want them. I can look after
the engine myself. I’m not going fish-
ing‘”

  "Not goin’ fishin’,” said Joe, putting
down his can of bait and shifting the
spar to his left shoulder; “not goin’
fishin’! Then what d’you want doin’
with the yawl ?”

  “I want to go for a sail—I mean a
spin. Go on, hurry up and get the
dinghy down.”

  Joe relieved himself of the spar,
dropped the gaff by the bait tin, and
scratched his head. It was his method
of thinking.

  Unable to scratch up any formulable
objection to the idea of a person taking
a'fishing yawl out for pleasure and not
for fish, yet realizing the absurdity of
it, he was dumb. Then, with the sculls
under his arm, he made for a dinghy
beached near the water edge, threw the
sculls in, and dragged the little boat
down till she was half afloat. The girl
got in, and he pushed off.

  The Sun fish v/as the name of the
Culpeppers’ yawl, a handy little craft
rigged with a Buffalo engine so fixed
that one could attend to it and steer
at the same time.

  “Mind you, and keep clear of the
kelp,” said Joe, as the girl stepped from
the dinghy to the larger craft, “if you
don’t want your propeller tangled up.”
He helped her to haul the anchor in,
got into the dinghy, and shoved off.

  “I’ll be back about eight or nine/’ she
called after him.

  “I’ll be on the lookout for you/’ re-
plied he.

  Then. Miss Culpepper found herself
in the delightful position of being ab-
solutely alone and her own mistress,
SEA <PLUN<DE<R

175

captain and crew of a craft that moved
at the turning of a lever, and able to
go where she pleased. She had often
been out with her father, but never
alone like this, and the responsible-irre-
sponsible sensation was a new delight
in life which, until now, she had never
even imagined.

  She started the engine, and the Sun-
fish began tt> glide ahead, clearing the
fleet of little boats anchored out and
rocking them with her wash; then, in
a grand curve, she came round the
south horn of the bay opening the coast
of the island and the southern sea blue
as lazulite and speckless to the far
horizon.

  “This is good,” said Miss Culpepper
to herself; “almost as good as being a
sea gull.”

  Sea gulls raced her, jeered at her,
showed themselves to her, now honey
yellow against the sun, now snowflake
white w'ith the sun against them, and
then left her, quarreling away down
the wind in search of something more
profitable.

  She passed little bays where the sea
sang on beaches ^)f pebble, and deep-
cut canons rose-tinted and showing the
green of fern and the ash green of
snake cactus and prickly pear. Sea
lions sunning themselves on a rock held
her eye for a moment, and then, round-
ing the south end of the island, a puff
of westerly wind all the way from
China blew in her face, and the vision
of the great Pacific opened before her,
with the peaks of San Clemente show-
ing on the horizon twenty-four miles
away to the southwest.

  Not a ship was to be seen, with the
exception of a little schooner to south-
ward. She showed bare sticks, and
Miss Culpepper, not knowing the depth
of the water just there, judged her to
be at anchor.

  Here,’ clear of the island barrier, the
vast and endless swell of the Pacific
made itself felt, lifting the Sunfish with

a buoyant and balloonlike motion.
Steering the swift-running boat across
these gentle vales and meadows of
ocean was yet another delight, and the
flying fish, bright like frosted silver,
with black, sightless eyes, chased her
now, flittering into the water ahead of
the boat like shaftless arrowheads shot
after her by some invisible marksman.

  The great kelp beds oiled the sea to
the northward, and, remembering Joe’s
advice, but not wishing to return yet
a while, the girl shifted the helm
slightly, heading more for the south-
ward and making a beam sea of the
swell. This brought the schooner in
sight.

  It was now a little after seven, and
the appetite that waits upon good diges-
tion, youth, and perfect health began to
remind Miss Culpepper of the break-
fast room at the Metropole, the snow-
white tables, the attentive waiters. She
glanced at her gold wrist watch, glanced
round at Santa Catalina, that seemed
a tremendous distance away, and put
the helm hard astarboard.

  She had not noticed during the last
half minute or so that the engine
seemed tired and irritable. The sud-
den shift of helm seemed to upset its
temper still more, and then, all of a
sudden, its noise stopped and the pro-
peller ceased to revolve.

  Miss Culpepper, perhaps for the first
time in her life, knew the meaning of
the word “silence.” The silence that
spreads from the Horn to the Yukon,
from Mexico to Hongkong, held off up
to this by the beat of the propeller and
the pur. of the engine, closed in on her,
broken only by the faint ripple of the
bow wash as the way fell off the boat.

  She guessed at once what was the
matter, and confirmed her suspicions
by examining the gasoline gauge. The
tank was empty. Aransas Joe, whose
duty it was, had forgotten to fill it up
the night before.

  Of all breakdowns this was the worst,
176

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

but she did not grumble; the spirit that
had raised Million Dollar Culpepper
from nothing to affluence was not want-
ing in his daughter.

  She said, “Bother!” glanced at Santa
Catalina, glanced at the schooner, and
then, stepping the mast of the yawl,
shook out her sail to the wind. She
was steering for the schooner. It was
near, the island was far, and she reck-
oned on getting something to eat to
stay her on the long sail back; also,
somehow, the sudden longing for the
sight of a human face and the sound
of a human voice in that awful lone-
liness on w7hose fringe she had intruded
had fallen upon her. There were sure
to be sailormen of some sort upon the
schooner, and where there were sailor-
men there was sure to be food of some
sort.

  But there was no one to be seen upon
the deck, and, as she drew closer, the
atmosphere of forsakenness around the
little craft became ever apparent. As
she drew closer still she let go the sheet
and furled the sail. So cleverly had
she judged'the distance that the boat
had just way enough on to bring it
rubbing against the schooner’s star-
board side. She had cast out the port
fenders, and, standing at the bow with
the boat hook, she clutched onto the
after channels, tied up, and then, stand-
ing on the yawl’s gunwale, and, with
an agility none the less marked be-
cause nobody was looking, scrambled
on board. She had not time to more
than glance at the empty and desolate
deck, for scarcely had her foot touched
the planking when noises came from
below. There were people evidently
in the cabin and they were shouting.

  Then she saw that the cabin hatch
was closed, and, not pausing to con-
sider what she might be letting out,
the girl mastered the working of the
hatch fastening, undid it, and stepped
aside.

  The fore end of a sailorman emerged,

a broad-faced, blue-eyed individual
blinking against the sunlight. He
scrambled on deck, and was followed
by another, dark, better looking, and
younger.

  Not a word did these people utter
as they stood taking in everything
round them from the horizon to the
girl.

  Then the first described’brought his
eyes to rest on the girl.

  “Well, I’m darned!” said he.

II.

  Let me interpolate now Mr. Har-
man’s part of the story in his own
words.

  “W7hen Cap Ginnell bottled me and
Blood in the cabin of the Heart of
Irelandsaid he, “we did a bit of
shoutin’ and then fell quiet. There
ain’t no use in shoutin’ against a two-
inch thick cabin hatch overlaid with
iron platin’. He’d made that hatch on
purpose for the bottling of parties;
must have, by the way it worked and
by the armamints on it.

  “You may say we were mugs to let
ourselves be bottled like that. We
were. Y’ see, we hadn’t thought it
over. We hadn’t thought it would pay
Ginnell to abandon the Heart for a
derelick schooner better found and up
to her hatches with a cargo of cham-
pagne, or we wouldn’t have let him
fool us down into the cabin like we
did and then clap the hatch on us.
Leavin* alone the better exchange, we
hadn’t thought it would be nuts to him
to do us in the eye. Mugs we were,
and mugs we found ourselves, sittin’
on the cabin table and listenin’ to the
blighter clearin’ the crew off. There
weren’t no chance of any help from
them. Chows they were, earin’ for
nothin’ s’long as their chests an’ opium
pipes was safe.

  “The skylight overhead was no use
for more’n a cat to crawl through, if
SE/J CPLUN(DECR	177

it’d been open, which it wasn’t, more’n
an inch, and fastened from the deck
side. Portholes! God bless you, them
scuttles wasn’t big enough for a cat’s
face to fit in.

  “I says to Blood: ‘Listen to the
blighters ! Oh, say, can’t we do nuthin’,
sittin’ here on our beam ends? Ain’t
you got nuthin’ in your head ? Ain’t
you got a match in your pocket to fire
the tub and be done with it ?’

  “ ‘It’ll be lucky for us/ says Blood,
‘if Cap Ginnell doesn’t fire her before
he leaves her/ With that, I didn’t think
anythin’ more about matches. No, sir!
For ha’f an hour after the last boat-
load of Chows and their dunnage was
off the ship and away I was sniffin’ like
a dog at the hatch cover for the smell
of smoke, and prayin’ to the A’mighty
between sniffs.

  “After that we rousted round to see
how we were fixed up for provisions
and water. We found grub enough for
a month, and in one of the bunks a
breaker ha’f filled with water. Now
that breaker must have been put there
for us by Ginnell before we left the
Heart to ’xamine the derelick schooner.
He must have fixed in his mind to do
us in and change ship right from the
first. I remarks on this to Blood, and
then we starts a hunt for tools to cut
our way out of there, findin’ nuthin’
serviceable but cutlery ware an’ a cork-
screw. Two prong forks and knives
wore thin with usin’ weren’t what we
were searchin’ for; a burglar’s jimmy,
blastin’ powder, and a drill was more
in our line, but there weren’t any, so
we just set to with the knives, cuttin’
and scrubbin’ at the tender parts of the
hatch, more like tryin’ to tickle a girl
with iron stays on her than any useful
work, for the plates on that hatch
would ’a’ given sniff to the plates on
a battleship, till I give over and just
sat down on the floor cursin’ Schwab
and the Steel Trusts and Carnegie and
Ginnell and the chap that had forged
12B p

them plates from the tip of his ham-
mer to the toe of his boots. ‘Oh, why
the blazes/ says I, ‘weren’t we born
rats ! There’s some sense in rats; rats
would be out and on deck, while here’s
two chaps with five fingers on each fist
and men’s brains in their heads bottled
and done for, scratchin’ like blind kit-
tens shet up in a box, and all along
of puttin’ their trust in a swab they
ought to have scragged when they had
the chanst.’

  “ ‘Oh, shet your head!’ says Blood.

  “ ‘Shet yours,’ says I. ‘I'm speakin’
for both of us; it’s joining in with that
skrimshanker’s done us. Bad comp’ny,
neither more nor neither less, and I’m
blowed if I don’t quit such and their
likes and turn Baptis’ minister if I ever
lay leg ashore again.’ Yes, that’s what
I says to Cap Blood; I was that het up
I laid for everythin’ in sight. Then I
goes on at him for the little we’d done,
forgettin’ it was the tools were at fault.
‘W’hat’s the use/ says I, ‘tinkerin’ away
at that hatch? You might as well be
puttin’ a blister on a bald head, hopin’
to raise hair. Here we are, and here
we stick/ I says, ‘till Providence lets
us out.’

  “The words were scarce out of my
head when he whips out Ginnell’s gun,
which he was carryin’ in his pocket and
hadn’t remembered till then. I thought
he was goin’ to lay for me, till he points
the mouth of it at the hatch and lets
blaze. There were three ca’tridges in
the thing, and 'he fires the three, and
when I’d got back my hearing and the
smoke had cleared a bit there was the
hatch starin’ at us unrattled, with three
spelters of lead markin’ it like beauty
spots over the three dimples left by the
bullets.

  “All the same, the firin’ done us good
—sort of cleared the air like a thunder-
storm—and I began to remember I’d
got a mouth on me and a pipe in my
pocket. We lit up and sat dowm, him
on the last step of the companionway
178

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

and me on the table side, and then we
began to figure on what hand Provi-
dence was like to take in the business.

  “I says to him: 'There’s nothin’ but
Providence left, barrin’ them old knives
and that corkscrew, and they’re out of
count. We’re driftin’ on the Kuro
Shiwo current, aimin’ right for the
Horn, you may say, but there’s the kelp
beds, and they’re pretty sure to hold
us a bit. They’re south of us, and
Santa Catlina’s east of them, with lots
of fishin’ boats sure to be out, and it’s
on the cards that some of them jays
will spot us. “Derelick” is writ all over
us—bare sticks and nothin’ on deck,
and sluin’ about to the current like
a drunk goin’ home in the mornin’.’

  “The cap he cocks his eye up at the
telltale compass fixed on the beam over-
head of him. It cheered him up a bit
with its deviations, and he allowed
there might be somethin’ in the Provi-
dence business if the kelp beds only
held good.

  “ 'Failin’ them,’ he says, ‘it’s the
Horn and a clear sea all the way to it,
with the chance of bein’ passed be day
or rammed at night by some rotten
freighter. I don’t know much about
Providence,’ he says, ‘but if you give
me the choice between the two, I’ll take
the kelp beds.’

  “Blood hadn’t no more feelin’s for
religion in him than a turkey. He was
a book-read man, and I’ve took notice
that nothin’ shakes a sailorman in his
foundations s’ much as messin’ with"
books.

  “I don’t say my own religious feelin’s
run equal, but they gets me by the
scruff after a jag and rubs me nose in
it, and they lays for me when I’m lonely,
times, with no money or the chanst of
it in sight; times, they’ve near caught
me and made good on the clutch, so’s
that if I’m not bangin’ a drum in the
Sa’vation Army at this present minit
it’s only be the mercy of Providence.

I’ve had close shaves, bein’ a man of
natural feelin’s, of all the traps laid
for such, but Blood he held his own
course, and not bein’ able to see that
the kelp beds might have been put there
by Providence to hold us a bit—which
they were—and give us a chanst of
bein’ overhauled before makin’ a long
board for the Horn and sure damna-
tion, I didn’t set out to ’lighten him.

  “Well, folks, that day passed some-
how or nuther, us talcin’ spells at the
hatch to put in the time. Blood he
found a spare ca’tridge of Ginnell’s, and
the thought came to him to scrape a
hole at the foot of the hatch cover and
use the ca’tridge for a blastin’ charge.
The corkscrew came in handy for this,
and toward night he’d got the thing
fixed. ‘Now,’ says he, 'you’ll see some-
thin’!’ And he up with the revolver
and hit the ca’tridge a belt with the
butt end, and the durned thing back-
fires and near blew his head off.

  “After that we lit the cabin lamp
and had supper and went asleep, and
early next mornin’ I was woke by the
noise of a boat cornin’ alongside. I sat
up and shook Blood, and we listened.

  “Then we began to shout and bang
on the hatch, and all at once the fasten-
ing went, and all at once the sun blazed
on us, and next minit I was on deck,
with Blood after, me. Now what d’you
think had let us out ? I’ll give you
twenty shots and lay you a dollar you
don’t hit the bull’s-eye. A girl! That’s
what had let us but. Dressed in white,
she wyere, with a panama on her head
and a gold . watch on her wrist and
white shoes on her feet and a smile
on her face like the sun dazzle on
water. And pretty! Well, I guess I’m
no beauty-show judge, and my eyes
had lit on nothin’ prettier than Ginnell
since leavin’ Frisco, so I may have been
out of my reckonin’ on points of beauty,
but she were pretty. Lord love me,
I never want to see nothin’ prettier!
I let out an oath, I was that shook
SEA <PLUN<DE<R.

179

up at the sight of her, and Blood he
hit me a drive in the back that nigh
sent me into her arms, and then we
settled down and explained matters.

  "She was out from Avalon in a mo-
tor boat, and she’d run short of spirit
and sailed up to us, thinkin’ we were
at anchor. Providence! I should
think so! Providence and the kelp beds,
for only for them we’d have been
twenty miles to the s’uth’ard, driftin’
to Hades like hutched badgers on a
mill stream. We told her how Ginnell
had fixed us, and she told us how the
gasoline had fixed her. ' ‘And now/
says she, ‘will you give me a biskit, for
I’m hungry and I wants to get back
to Avalon, where my poppa is waitin’
for me, and he’ll be gettin’ narvous,’
she says.

  “ ‘Lord love you,’ says I, ‘and how
do you propose to get back?’

  “For the wTind had fallen a dead
ca’m, and right to Catalina and ever
to San Clemente the sea lay like plate
glass, with the Kuro Shiwo flowin’ un-
der like a blue satin snake.

  “She bit on her lip, but she was all
sand, that girl—Culpepper wrere her
name—and not a word did she say for
a minit. Then she says, aimin’ to be
cheerful: ‘Well, I suppose,’ says she,
‘we’ll just have to stay at anchor here
till they fetch me or the wind comes/
“ ‘Anchor!’ said I. ‘Why, Lord bless
you, there’s a mile-deep water under
us! We’re driftin’.’

  “ ‘Driftin’!’ she cries. ‘And where
are we driftin’ to?’

  “That fetched me, and I was hangin’
in irons when Blood chipped in and
cheered her up with^lies and told me
to stay with her whiles he went down
below and got some breakfast ready,
and then I was left alone with her,
trustin’ in Providence she wouldn’t ask
no more questions as to where w'e were
driftin’ to.

She sat on the cargo hatch whiles

I filled a pipe, lookin’ round about her
like a cat in a new house, and then
she got mighty chummy. I don’t know
how she worked it, but in ten minits
she’d got all about myself out of me
and all about Ginnell and Blood and
the Yan Shan and the dollars we’d
missed; she’d learned that I never was
married and who w'as me father and
why I went to sea at first start. Right
down to the color of me first pair of
pants she had it all out of me. She
was a sure-enough lady, but I reckon
she missed her vocation in not bein’ a
bilge pump. Then she heaves a sigh
at the sound of ham frying down be-
low, and hoped that breakfast was near
ready, and right on her words Blood
hailed us from below.

  “He’d opened the skylight wide and
knocked the stuffiness out of the cabin,
and down we sat at the table with fried
ham and ship’s bread and coffee before
us.

  “I’d never set at table with the likes
of her before, but if every real lady’s
cut on her bias, I wouldn’t mind settin’
at table with one every day in me life.
There was only two knives left whole
after our practice on the hatch with
them. Blood and she had the whole
ones, and I made out with a stump,
but she didn’t mind nor take notice.
She was talkin’ away all the time she
was stuffin’ herself, pitchin’ into Cap
Ginnell just like one of us. Oh, I
guess if she’d been a man she’d have
swore worth listenin’ to; she had the
turn of the tongue for the work, and
what she said about Ginnell might have
been said in chapel without makin’ par-
ties raise a hair, but I reckon it’d have
raised blisters on the soul of Pat Gin-
nell if he’d been by to hear and if he’d
a soul to blister, which he hasn’t.”

  Mr. Harman relit his pipe, and
seemed for a moment absorbed in con-
templation of Miss Culpepper and her
possibilities as a plain speaker; then
he resumed:
180

THE <PO(PULA‘R MAGAZINE

  “She made us tell her all over again
about the Yan Shan business and the
dollars, and she allowed we were down
on our luck, and she put her finger on
the spot. Said she: ‘You fell through
by not goin’ on treatin’ Ginnell as you
begun treatin’ him. If he was bad
enough to be used that way, he wasn’t
even good enough for you to make
friends with.’ Them wasn’t her words,
but it was her meanin’.

  “Then we left her to make her t’ilet
with Blood’s comb and brush, tellin’
her she could have the cabin to herself
as long as she was aboard, and, ten
minutes after, she was on deck again,
bright as a new pin, and scarce had
she stuck her head into the sun than
Blood, who was aft, dealin’ with some
old truck, shouts: ‘Here’s the wind!’

  “It was coming up from s’uth’ard
like a field of blue barley, and I took
the wheel, and Blood and her ran to
the halyards. She hauled like a good
un, and the old Heart sniffed and shook
at the breeze, and I tell you it livened
me up again to feel the kick of the
wheel. We’d got the motor boat
streamed astern on a line, and then I
gave the old Heart the helm, and round
she came, so that in a minit we were
headin’ for Santa Catalina hull down
on the horizon and only her spars
showin’, so to speak. I thought that
girl would ’a’ gone mad. Not at the
chanst of gettin’ back, but just from
the pleasure of feelin’ herself on a live
ship and helpin’ to handle her. I let
her have the wheel, and she steered
good, and all the time Santa Catalina
was liftin’, and now we could see with
the glass that the water all round the
south end was thick with boats.

  “ ‘They’re huntin’ for me/ said she.
‘I guess poppa is in one of them boats,’
she says, ‘and won’t he be surprised
when he finds I ain’t drowned? Your
fortunes is made,’ says she, ‘for pop
owns the ha’f of Minneapolis, and I
guess he’ll give you ha’f of what he

owns. You wait till you hear the yarn
I’ll sling him- Here they come!’

  “They sighted us, and ha’f a hun-
dred gasoline launches were nose end
on for us, fanning out like a regatta,
and in the leadin’ launch sat an old
chap with white w'hiskers and a fifty-
dollar panama on his head.

  “ ‘That’s pop,’ she said.

  “He were, and we hove to, whiles
he came climbin’ on board like a turkle,
one leg over the bulwarks and one arm
round her neck, and then up went a
halalujah chorus from that crowd of
craft round us, women wavin’ handker-
chiefs and blowin’ their noses and blub-
bing nuff to make a camel sick.

  “Then he and she went, down to the
cabin to make explanashions, and the
parties in the boats tried to board us,
till I threatened them with a boat hook
and' made them fend off while we got
way on the Heart.

  “When we were near into Avalon
Bay, the Culps came on deck, and old
man Culpepper took off his hat to me
and Blood and made us a speech, sayin’
we’d lifted weights off his heart, and
all such.

  “‘Never mind,’ says Blood, ‘we
haven’t done nothin’. Put it all down
to Providence,’ says he, ‘for if we saved
her she saved us, and I ain’t used to
bein’ thanked for nothin’.’

  “But, Lord bless you, you might as
well have tried to stop the Mississippi
in flood as that old party when he’d
got his thank gates up. He said we
were an honor to merchant seamen,
which we weren’t, and the great Amer-
ican nation—and Blood black Irish and
me Welsh, with an uncle that was a
Dutchman—and then I’m blest if he
didn’t burst into po’try about the flag
that waves over us all.

  “It began to look like ten thousand
dollars in gold coin for each of us, and
more than like it when we’d dropped
anchor in the bay and he told us to
come ashore with him.
SB A CPLUN<DE<H

181

  “Now I don’t know how longshore
folk* have such sharp noses, but I do
know them longshore boatmen on Ava-
lon Beach seemed to know by the cut
of the Heart and us we weren't no
simple seamen, with flags wavin’ over
us and an honor to our what-you-call-
it navy. They sniffed at us by some
instinct or other, more special a wall-
eyed kangaroo by the name of Aran-
sas Jim, I think it were.

  “Said nothin’ much, seein’ old man
Culp was disembarkin’ us with an arm
round each of our necks, so to say, but
we took up their looks, and I’d to lay
pretty strong holts on myself or I’d
have biffed the blighters, lot o’ screw-
neck mongrels, so’s their mothers
wouldn’t have known which was which
when sortin’ the manglin’.

  “Now you listen to what happened
then. Culp he took us up to a big
hotel, where niggers served us with a
feed in a room by ourselves. Cham-
pagne they give us, and all sorts of
truck I’d never set eyes on before. And
when it was over in came old man
Culp, with an envelope in his* hand
which he gives to Blood.

  “ ‘Just a few dollars for you and
your mate/ says he, ‘and you have my
regards always.’

  “The girl she came in and near kissed
us, and off we went with big cigars
in our mouths, feelin’ we were made
men. The longshoremen were still on
the beach scratchin’ the fleas off them-

  *Allow me to assure the “longshore boat-
men” on Avalon Beach that my opinion of
them is not that expressed hereafter by Mr.
Harman.—Author.

selves and talkin’, I expec’, of the next
millionaire they could rob by pretendin’
to be fishermen. Blood he picked up
a pebble on the shingle and put it in
his pocket, and when the' longshore
louts saw us cornin’, smokin’ cigars and
walkin’ arrogant, they made sure old
man Culp had given us ha’f a million,
and they looked it. All them noses
of theirs weren’t turned up just now.
They saw dollars cornin’ and hoped for
a share.

  “ ‘Here, you chap,’ says Blood to
Aransas Jim or Aransas Joe or which-
ever was his name, ‘help us to push
our boat off and I’ll make it worth
your while.’ The chap does, and wades
after us, when we were afloat, for his
dues. He held out his hand, and Blood
he clapped the pebble into it, and off
we shot with them nelaballoing after
us.

  “Much we cared.

  “On board the Heart, we tumbled
down to the cabin to ’xamine our luck.
Blood takes the envelope from his
pocket, slits it open, and takes cut a
little check that was in it. How much
for, d’you think? Five thousand dol-
lars? No, it weren’t.

  “Twenty dollars was writ on it.
Twenty dollars, no cents.

  “ ‘Say, Blood,’ says I to him, ‘you’ve
got the pebble this time.’

  “Blood he folded the check up and
lit his pipe with it. Then he says,
talkin’ in a satisfied manner’s if to him-
self :

  “ ‘It were worth it/

  “That’s all he said. And, cornin’ to
think of it now meself, it were.”

  The book-length novel for January 7th POPULAR

THE SHERIFF OF1 SACATONE

 By Frederick R. Bechdolt

  If you want action, read this. A story of the passing

  of the bad man
Rimrock Jones

By Dane Coolidge
Author of “Pecos Dalhart, Rustler“Hidden Water,” Etc.

SYNOPSIS OP PRECEDING CHAPTERS

    Small wonder that Rimrock Jones was disillusioned with humanity, for the very town of Gansight
itself owed him its existence, yet the element that considered itself exclusive frowned upon him and
his wild ways. They did not stop to consider that Rimrock put the town on the map, and had been
duped and robbed legally by old McBain and L. W. Lockhart. Now, undismayed at his hard luck,
Rimrock was again prospecting out in the Tecolote hills, and felt sure he had struck it rich. People
laughed at him and his claims. When he tried to borrow money to work his mine he found his friends
scoffing as usual. However, the little typist for McBain, Miss Mary Fortune, a stranger in Gunsight,
told him she would give him her savings, some four hundred dollars, provided Rimrock would give her
shares in his mine. So delighted was he that he swore he’d give her half. Then for a long time
Mary heard nothing from him. Even when he came to town he neglected to look her up. She was
nettled, but kept her own counsel. Meanwhile, Rimrock had done his best with the loaned money, but it
was insufficient. One day, through a trick, he manages to get two thousand dollars from the banker
Lockhart. Rimrock thereupon vanishes East. He goes to New York and interests capital in his
Tecolote property, and returns flamboyant and apparently rich. Gunsight sits up and takes notice.
Rimrock remembers all his friends generously. He visits Miss Fortune and offers her thousands of
dollars for her share in his Tecolote copper. But she is firm in her demand to remain a stockholder
and take her regular profits. Rimrock is annoyed and angry at her stubborn stand, though he admires
her spirit. At length, he agrees to her course, and signs an agreement. Troubles pursue Rimrock.
He cannot understand Mary. She is elusive. His proposal of marriage she turns down. McBain
tries to jump Rimrock’s new property after fresh warning from the owner, and Rimrock kills him.
Put in jail, Rimrock refuses to retain a lawyer, and is vindicated by the jury on his own showing.
Mary and other of his friends urge him to relocate the dubious claim to his mine, but Rimrock
scoffs at their advice. Though Mary wont promise her cooperation in management of the property
against her principles, Rimrock insists on making her a director in the company. Whitney Stoddard,
the New York capitalist behind the Tecolote development, begins his ciever maneuvering. One of his
minions, a Mrs. Hardesty, comes to Gunsight. She is beautiful and fascinating, and soon has Rimrock in
her toils. Mary, disgusted at the affair, leaves town without word. Keeping up her game, Mrs. Hardesty
lures Rimrock to New York, where he promptly bursts into a bloom of folly and stock speculation.

(A Five-Part Story—Part Four)

CHAPTER XIX.

WHERE ALL MEN MEET.

WHEN Rimrock had caught the
first train for New York, he
had thought it was to seek
out Mary Fortune—to kneel
at her feet and tell her humbly that
he knew he had done her wrong—
but as the months went by, and his de-
tectives reported no progress, he forgot
his early resolve. The rush and excite-

 ment of that great gambling game that
 goes on in the Stock Exchange, the
 plunges on copper, and the rushes for
 cover, all the give and take of the great
 chase; it picked him up as a great,
 flowing stream floats a leaf and hurries
 it along, and Gunsight and Tecolote
 and the girl he had known there seemed
 far away, like a dream.

  He was learning the game from the
gamblers about him, all the ins and
outs of the Street; the names and

    This story began in the November 7th POPULAR.
<RIM<ROCK JONES

183

methods of all the great leaders, and
how they had won their success; and,
also, bold gambler that he was, he was
starting on a career of his own. In
days gone by, at roulette or faro or in
frontier poker games, he had learned
to play with big chances against him,
and, compared to them, Wall Street
was safe. The money that he staked
was less than six months’ earnings of
his share of the Tecolote Mine; and
from the brief notes of L. W., who was
acting as his agent, there was more of
it piling up. So he played it care-
lessly, like the plunger he was, and for-
tune—and Mrs. Hardesty—smiled.

  He won, on the Street; and, though
the stakes were not specified, he seemed
to be winning with her. It was a ques-
tion with him whether a woman of her
kind ever thought of such a thing as
marriage. She had money of her own,
and all that money could buy; and her
freedom, whatever that was. In this
new world about him, all the terms of
life seemed changed and transposed
and vague, and he never quite knew
what she meant. Every word that she
said when they discussed life and love
seemed capable of a double intent, and
whether by freedom she meant to yield
or to escape was something he had
never made out. All he knew was that
at times she seemed to beckon him on,
and at others to fend him away. She
was fickle as fortune which, as he
plunged and covered, sometimes smiled
and again wore a frown.

  But it was sparkling and stimulating
as the champagne he now drank, this
new life, with its win and lose, and he
played his stakes with the stoical re-
pose of a savage, the delighted abandon
of a boy. His broker was always Buck-
bee, that gay, laughing Beau Brummel,
who had given him his first start in the
world. It was Buckbee who had met
him when he first came to the Wal-
dorf, with his assays and his samples
of ore, and, after much telephoning and

importuning and haggling, had arranged
for his interview with Stoddard. That
interview had resulted in Rimrock’s
first clash with Stoddard, and he had
hated him ever since; for a man who
would demand a controlling interest in
a mine for simply lending his name was
certainly one who was fully capable of
grabbing the rest if he could. So Rim-
rock had fought him; but for Buck-
bee, the broker, he had nothing but the
best of good will.

  To be sure, Buckbee worked for
Stoddard—that was plainly made evi-
dent at the time they had made the first
deal—but he was open-hearted and
honest and generous with his tips, and
Rimrock found they were good. Buck-
bee even went farther; he arranged
credit for Rimrock at one of the big-
gest banks, and when, in his plunges, he
was caught short of funds, the bank
made him loans on his note. They took
no chances, for he was rated at mil-
lions as half owner of the Tecolote
Mine, but it helped out mightily as he
extended his operations and found his
margins threatened. But all this buy-
ing and selling of stocks, the establish-
ment of his credit, and the trying out
of his strength, it was all preliminary to
that great contest to come, when he
would come out into the open against
Stoddard.

  Whitney Stoddard was a man rated
high up in the millions, but he was
fallible, like the rest. His wealth, com-
pared to Rimrock’s, was as a hundred
dollars to one, but it was spread out a
hundred times as far; and with his
next dividend, which was due in De-
cember, Rimrock would have nearly a
million in cash. To Stoddard, at the
same time, there would come nearly
the same amount of money, but it
would be gone within a few days.
There were obligations to be met, as
Rimrock well knew, that would absorb
his great profits and more. The Tec-
olote Mine, before it began to pay, had
184

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

cost several million dollars in dead
work. That money had been borrowed,
and while Rimrock took in velvet,
Stoddard was obligated to pay his
debts.

  Several months went by, and, patient
Indian that he was, Rimrock still fol-
lowed on Stoddard’s trail. He looked
up his connections with the Transcon-
tinental Railroad, and there he made
his first strike. Although he molded
the policies of that great corporation,
and seemed endowed with unlimited
power, his actual holdings in the stock
of the company were almost ridicu-
lously small. Yet he took advantage of
his dominating position and the influ-
ence it gave him with the directors to
make such coups as he had made with
the Tecolote, building the branch line
which had given value to his mine. As
a business proposition, it was a good
investment for the company, but who
was it that reaped the big profits? By
the investment of less than three mil-
lion dollars—which he had borrowed
as he went along—Whitney Stoddard
had, acquired practically a half interest
in a property which he valued at a
hundred millions. And now he was
bucking the Hackmeisters!

  The thought of this man, who had
Come up from nothing, and was even
yet barely on his feet, deliberately at-
tempting to break the great copper
combine, was hardly credible to Rim-
rock. He marveled now at the pre-
sumption of Stoddard in offering him
fifty millions for his half and the con-
trol of the mine. From what he could
gather, Stoddard had never possessed
fifty million, nor did he possess it then.
He was trading on his name and trav-
eling on a shoe string; quite the com-
mon thing, in New York. But Rimrock
knew as well as he knew anything that
a man like Stoddard was dangerous.
As sure as the time came, by some hook
or crook, he would beat him out of his
mine. The thing to do was to beat him

to it—to raid his newly acquired Nav-
ajoa stocks, and then pinch him until
he let go of Tecolote. But it must be
done secretly, not a word to anybody,
not even to Buckbee or Mrs. Hardesty.
They were friends of Stoddard’s as
well as his—it was safest to work alone.

  So, while outwardly the same good-
hearted plunger, Rimrock began his
campaign of revenge. It opened with a
series of secret orders to outside
brokers that he knew, and soon, by
selling Navajoa short, he had ham-
mered the asking price down. Then
he bought it in, a little at a time, until
the market began to rise; and then, vin-
dictively, he slaughtered it again and
gathered in more at the bottom. Not
for nothing had he listened to Mrs.
Hardesty and Buckbee, and learned
how the market riggers wrorked, but
neither to her nor to Buckbee did he
so much as hint of his purpose. His
day would come when the Tecolote div-
idend was voted, when he got his mil-
lion-dollar check; and the only thing
that could keep him from a notable re-
venge wras some slip-up in connection
with the dividend.

  In the continued absence of Mary
Fortune, with her third and decisive
vote, it would be necessary for Rim-
rock to agree with Stoddard, to the ex-
tent of dividing their profits. Not a
great ways to go, even for men who
were sworn enemies, and Stoddard cer-
tainly needed the money. He needed it
badly, much worse than Rimrock, and
would need it from time to time; yet,
until Rimrock actually got his hands on
the money, it was essential to conceal
his plans. For a shrewd man like Stod-
dard, if he got an inkling of his pur-
pose, was perfectly capable of tying up
their profits and of stopping his credit
at the bank. It was dangerous ground,
and Rimrock trod it warily, buying
Navajoa in the most roundabout ways;
yet month after month increased his
holdings, until his credit at the bank
<RIM<ROCK JONES

185

was stretched. If they asked for col-
lateral, he could turn over his Navajoa,
although that would tip off his hand;
but his note was still good, and he went
in deeper as the date of the annual
meeting drew near.

  There came a time when Buckbee
asked shrewd questions, and Mrs.
Hardesty took him playfully to task;
but he carried it off by wise nods and
smiles, and the statement that he knew
something good. He was learning the
game, and, to cover up his tracks, he
joined the mad whirl of social life. In
place of his black sombrero and the
high-heeled boots that had given him
his entree in New York, he appeared
one evening in a top hat and dress suit,
with diamonds glittering down the
front of his shirt. It was a new plunge
for him, but Buckbee supplied the tailor
and Mrs. Hardesty launched his debut.

  She had almost adopted him, this
baffling, “free” woman, and yet she
still had her reserves. She went with
him everywhere, but the recherche sup-
pers were almost a thing of the past.
It was the opera now, and the gayest
restaurants, and dinners where they
met distinguished guests; but at the en-
trance of the St. Cyngia, when the
graven-faced doorman opened the door
to let her pass, she had acquired a way
of giving Rimrock her hand without
asking if he wouldn’t come in. She
played him warily, for his nature was
impetuous, and might easily lead him
too far; but the time came at last when
she found him recalcitrant and in-
surgent against her will.

  It was at the opera, where, amid jew-
eled women, and men in immaculate at-
tire, they had sat through a long and
rather tedious evening, during which
Mrs. Hardesty had swept the boxes
with her lorgnette. Something that she
saw there had made her nervous, and
once in the cloakroom she delayed.
Rimrock waited impatiently, and when
at last she joined him, he forced his

way aggressively into the slow-moving
crowd, and they were swept 011 down
the broad marble stairs. Once a part
of that throng, there was no escaping
its surge, and yet, as they drifted with
the rest, two great columns of human--
ity flowing together like twin brooks
that join in a river below, she clutched
his arm and started back; but the crowd
swept her inexorably on. Then Rim-
rock caught her glance—it was flash-
ing across the foyer to the stream on
the other side. He followed it in-
stinctively, and there, tripping grace-
fully down the stairway as he had seen
her once before at Gunsight, was Mary
Fortune, his girl!

  Yes, his girl! Rimrock knew it in-
stantly, the girl h€ had always loved.
The One Woman he could love forever,
if fate would but give him the chance.
He started forward, but a hand re-
strained him; it was Mrs. Hardesty at
his side.

  “Where are you going?” she asked,
and the slim, jeweled fingers closed
down on his hand like a vise.

  “Let me go!” muttered Rimrock, as
he struggled against her; but she jerked
him back to her side.

  “Don’t you dare to humiliate me I’’
she hissed into his ear. “Don’t you
dare to leave me—for her!”

 “It’s Mary!” mumbled Rimrock,
without taking his eyes from her, and
Mrs. Hardesty tightened her grasp.

  “If you do, I’ll kill you!” she added
dangerously; but Rimrock gave no
heed. He had forgotten all about her;
forgotten she was there, the dead
weight that was holding him back; all
he saw was Mary, more radiant than
ever, moving toward him down the
stairs. She was dressed in soft white,
and her glorious brown hair, that had
before been brushed down beneath its
clasp, was fluffed out now in all its
beauty; and she talked and laughed as
she came. At her side was an elderly,
186

THE VOVULfitR MAGAZINE

distinguished gentleman, who listened
with an indulgent smile—and then they
wrere engulfed in the crowd. The mass
of humanity that had swept them down
the stairway closed in and swallowed
them up.

  She was gone—but she was there—
right there through the crowd—and
Rimrock started toward her. Mrs.
Hardesty followed, dragged on by main
strength, and then resolutely she set
her feet. The outraged escorts of
jostled ladies formed a solid phalanx
against him, and Rimrock wheeled im-
patiently.

  “Let go of my arm!” he commanded
savagely, and then he met her eyes. If
he had doubted before the nature of the
tiger woman, he could read it now at
a glance. She was choking with anger,
and her thin, even teeth were bared as
she hissed out her breath; and then she
spoke very quietly.

  “If you are a gentleman,” she said
in his ear, “you will not fail to escort
me home. Otherwise-”

  She stopped, but the roll of her eyes
conveyed a threat that went beyond
words. She was a tigress, after all, a
woman of dark passions and uncon-
trolled anger, a woman who, beneath
her languid grace, had the strength and
the courage to strike. And now, as she
faced him, the mill race of people
surged against them, and carried them
on. They moved with the crowd, there
was no escape, and she lashed him with
bitter words. He listened, unchastened,
his head held high, his eyes still seeking
for Mary; and as they plunged into the
opposing currents of the street, he met
her, face to face.

  The distinguished man was talking
now, and Mary was listening to what
he said; yet her eyes, that were accus-
tomed to read from the lips, were now
free to look about. ' A swift, unbidden
gladness leaped up into them at first,
as she recognized Rimrock in the

crowd; and then, quick as lightning, she
saw the other woman, and the glad look
went out of her eyes. They flared up
suddenly with the old anger and re-
sentment, and as quickly took on a
distant stare. Then they turned to her
escort, and, as Rimrock ,was shoved
past them, he heard her answer him
pleasantly. It was just a word, only
a fraction of a word, and then Mrs.
Hardesty broke in. What she said fell
again upon unheeding ears, but Rim-
rock knew it was harsh. Harsh and
threatening, and yet with an undertone
of passion that thrilled him against his
will.

  He found himself in a gliding auto
with the street lights twinkling past,
and there he came out of his dream.

  “What’s the matter with you?” he
asked at last, as he discovered her still
talking on, and she burst into hysterical
tears.

  “What’s the matter!” she echoed.
“Why, can’t you see ? I’m in love with
you—that’s what’s the matter! Oh, I
hate that woman! She’s a cruel thing
—didn’t you see the way she looked at
me? But I’ll pay her back, I’ll get even
with her yet! Ah, how I hate the sight
of her!”

  She fell to weeping, and Rimrock,
silenced, drew away and left her alone.
Then the automobile stopped, and
through the glass they could see the im-
posing entrance of the St. Cyngia. The
chauffeur reached back and threw open
the door, and Rimrock leaped quickly
out, but Mrs. Hardesty did not follow.
She sat in the half darkness, compos-
ing her hair, and working swiftly to
cover the traces of tears; and when she
stepped out, she was calm.

  “Excuse me,” she whispered, as he
led her toward the door, “I didn’t mean
what I said. But I do love you, Rim-
rock, in spite of myself, and—won’t
you come in for a moment?”

  They stood by the entrance, and the
<RIM<ROCK JONES

187

sphinxlike doorman opened the door to
let them pass. Outside it was cold, and
from the portals there came forth a
breath of warm air, but for the first
time Rimrock held back.

  “No, thank you very much/’ he said,-
bowing formally, and turned quickly
back toward the car. She watched him
a moment, then drew her cloak about
her and hurried in swiftly through the
door.

CHAPTER XX.

  A LETTER FROM THE SECRETARY.

  As Mrs. I-Iardesty guessed, Rimrock
was hurrying away in order to follow
Mary Fortune, and, as Rimrock
guessed, she had invited him in to keep
him from doing just that. She failed,
for once, and it hurt her pride; but
Rimrock failed as well. After a swift
spin through the streets he returned
to his hotel and called up his detective
in a rage.

  “Say, what kind of an agency are
you running, anyhow ?” he demanded
when he got his man. “Ain’t you been
working ten months to find Mary For-
tune? Well, I met her to-night on the
street. What’s that you say? There’s
three million people! Well, I don’t
care if there’s six—I want you to find
that girl! No, stop her nothing! You
lay a hand on her and I’ll come down
to your office and kill you. Just tell
me where she is and keep an eye 011
her, and I don’t care what you charge.
And paste this in your hat—if you
don’t find that girl, you’ll have to sue
for your pay!”

  The agency had to sue—for, ten days
later, Rimrock received a letter from
her hand. It was mailed from Gun-
sight, Arizona, and was strictly busi-
ness throughout. It was, in fact, the
legal thirty days’ notice of the annual
meeting of the company

in the town of Gunsight, county of Geroni-
mo, Territory of Arizona, on Tuesday, the

twenty-second day of December, to transact
the following business, viz:

  1—to	elect a Board of Directors.

  2—to	transact any other business that may
properly come before the meeting.

  Rimrock read it over, and his cour-
age failed him—after all, he was afraid
to face her. He did not flatter him-
self that she hated him; she despised
him, and on account of Mrs. Hardesty.
How, then, could he hasten back to
Gunsight and beg for a chance to ex-
plain? She had fled from his presence
ten months before, on the day after
Mrs. Hardesty came, and, ten months
later, when she met him by accident,
he was with Mrs. Hardesty again. As
far as he knew, Mrs. Hardesty was a
perfect lady. She went out everywhere
and was received even by millionaires
on terms of perfect equality—and
yet Mary Fortune scorned her, and
would not even argue the matter.
Rimrock decided to use “the inclosed
proxy.”

 He made it out in the name o£L. W.
Lockhart, and returned it by the fol-
lowing mail, and then he called up the
detective agency and told them to go
ahead and sue. He told them further
that he was willing to bet that Stod-
dard knew where she was all the time,
and if they were still working for him,
as he strongly suspected, they could tell
him she was back in Gunsight. Rim-
rock hung up there and fell to pacing
the floor, and for the first time the busy
city looked gray. It looked drab and
dirty, and he thought longingly of the
desert with its miles and miles of clean
sand. He thought of his mine and how7
he had fought for it, and of all his
friends in the straggling town; of old
Juan and L. W. and hearty Old Has-
sayamp with his laugh and his Texas
yupe. And of Mary Fortune, the typ-
ist, as he had known her at first—but
now she was sending letters like this:

  Dear Sir : You are hereby notified that
the regular annual meeting of the stock-
188

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

holders of the Tecolote Mining' Company
will be held at the offices of the company,
in the Tecolote Hotel, et cetera, et cetera.

  Rimrock threw down the letter and
cursed himself heartily for a fool, a
chump, and a blackguard. With a girl
like that, and standing all she had from
him, to lose her over Mrs. Hardesty!
Who w7as Mrs. Hardesty? And why
had she gone to Gunsight and fetched
him back to New York? Was it be-
cause he was crazy that he had the
idea that she was an agent, somehow,
of Stoddard? That two thousand
shares of Tecolote stock that she had
assured him Stoddard had sold her,
wasn’t it part of their scheme to lure
him away and break up his friendship
Math Mary? Because if Mrs. Hardesty
had it she had never produced it, and
there was no record of the transfer
on the books. Rimrock brought down
his fist, and swore a great oath never
to see the woman again. From the
day he met her his troubles had begun
—and now she claimed she loved him!

  Rimrock curled his lip at the very
thought of any New York woman in
love. There was only one woman who
knew what the word meant, and she was
in, Gunsight, Arizona. He picked up
her letter and scanned it again, but his
eyes had not learned to look for love.
Even the dryest formula, sent from one
to another, may spell out that magic
word; may spell it unconsciously and
against the will, if the heart but rules
the hand. Mary Fortune had told him
in that briefest of messages that she
was back in Gunsight again; and, fur-
thermore, if he wished to see her, he
could do so in thirty days. It told
him, in fact, that while their personal
relations had been terminated by his
own unconsidered acts; as fellow stock-
holders, perhaps even as partners, they
might meet and work together again.
But Rimrock was dense; his keen eyes
could not see it, nor his torn heart find
the peace that he sought. Like a

wounded animal he turned on his en-
emy and fought Stoddard to keep down
the pain. And, back at Gunsight, try-
ing to forget her hate, Mary Fortune
fought her battle alone.

 There was great excitement—it
amounted almost to a panic—when
Mary Fortune stepped in on Jepson.
During her unexplained absence he had
naturally taken charge of things, with
L. W., of course, to advise, and to
facilitate business he had moved into
the main oflice, wiiere he could work
with the records at hand. Then, as
months went by and neither she nor
Rimrock came back to assert their
authority, he had rearranged the offices
and moved her records away. Behind
the main office, with its plate-glass
windows and imposing furniture and
front, there were two smaller rooms—
the directors’ meeting place and an-
other, now filled with Mary’s records.
A clerk, who did not even know who
she was, sat at his ease behind her fine
desk, and back in the directors’ room,
with its convenient table, L. W. and
Jepson were in conference. She could
see them plainly through the half-
opened door, leaning back and smok-
ing their cigars, and in that first brief
interval before they caught sight of
her she sensed that something was
wrong.

  ■Of course there were apologies, and
Jepson insisted upon moving out or
giving her any room she chose, but
Mary assured him she had not come
back permanently and the smaller room
would do just as well. Then she set
about writing the notices of the annual
meeting, which had to be sent out by
her hand, and Jepson recovered from
his fright. Perhaps he recovered too
much, for Mary Fortune had intuitions,
and she remembered that first glimpse
of L, W. As the agent of Rimrock
and his legal representative, it was de-
sirable, of course, to be friends; but
Jepson, it was well known, was the
<RIM<ROCK JONES

189

agent of Stoddard, and Stoddard was
after their mine. Therefore it ill be-
came Lockhart, with one treachery
against him, to be found smoking so
comfortably with Jepson.

  So astonished and stunned had she.
been by the changes and the sudden
suspicions that arose that Mary at first,
had stood startled and silent, and Jep-
son had raised his voice. At this he
remembered that she had gone East
for an operation to help restore her
hearing, and, seeing her now so unre-
sponsive, he immediately assumed the
worst. So he shouted his explanations,
and Mary, flushing, informed him that
she could hear very well.

  “Oh, I beg your pardon,” he apolo-
gized abjectly, but she noticed that he
kept on shouting. And then, in a flash
of sudden resentment, she bit her lips
and let him shout. If he still wished
to think that she was deaf as a post,
she would not correct him again. Per-
haps, if her suspicions should prove
to be justified, it would help her to dis-
cover his plans.

  In her room that evening, Mary
brought from her trunk the ear phone
she had cast aside. She had packed it
away with a sigh of relief and yet a
lingering fear for the future, and al-
ready she was -putting it on. At the
back of the transmitter there was a
mechanical device which regulated the
intensity of the sound. When she set-
tled the clasp across her head and hung
the phone over her ear she set it at nor-
mal, and then advanced the dial until
she could hear the faintest noise. The
roar of the lobby, drifting in through
the transom, became separated into its
various sounds. She could hear men
talking and outbursts of laughter and
the scrape of moving chairs. The mur-
mur of conversation in the adjoining
room became a spat between husband
and wife, and, ashamed of her eaves-
dropping, she put down the instrument
and looked about, half afraid.

  As the doctor, through his stetho-
scope, can hear the inrush of air as it
is drawn into his patient's lungs, or
the surge of blood as it is pumped
through the heart- with every telltale
gurgle of the valves, so with that pow-
erful instrument she could hear through
walls and know what was being said.
It was a wonderful advantage to have
over these men if she discovered that
there was treachery afoot, and the fol-
lowing morning, to test it out, she wore
her phone to the office.

  “Mr. Jepson,” she said, as he rose
nervously to meet her, “I’d like to bring
my books down to date. Of course it is
mostly a matter of form, or I couldn’t
have been gone for so long, but I want
to look over the records of the office
and make out my annual report.”

  “Why, certainly,” responded Jepson,
still speaking very clearly and assum-
ing his most placating smile. “I’d be
glad to have you check up. With Mr.
Jones away I've been so pressed by
work I hardly know where we are.
Just make yourself at home, and any-
thing I can do for you please feel free
to let me know.”

  She thanked him politely, and then,
as she ran through the files, she ab-
sently removed her ear phone.

  “Just hold out that report of the
mining experts,” she heard Jepson re-
mark to his clerk, and in an instant her
suspicions were confirmed. He had
had experts at work, making a report
on their property, but he wished to
withhold it from her. That report
was doubtless for W'hitney H. Stod-
dard, the only man that Jepson really
served, the man who actually controlled
their mine. But she worked on, un-
heeding, and presently, from across the
room, she heard him speak again. His
voice was low, but the painful opera-
tions, the tedious treatments she had
endured, had sharpened her hearing un-
til she caught every word except the
mumbled assent of the clerk.
190

THE VOPULA<R MAGAZINE

  "And tell Mr. Lockhart I’ll arrange
about that rebate. The check will go
directly to him.”

  He went on then with some hurried
directions about the different accounts
to be changed, and then, without
troubling to shout at her again, he
turned and slipped away. She had
found him out, then, the very first day
—Mr. Jepson had an understanding
with L. W.! She retired to her room
to think it over, and then went sys-
tematically to work on the books, but
these seemed scrupulously correct. The
influence of Stoddard, that apostle of
thoroughness, was apparent throughout
the office, for Jepson well knew that the
day was coming when he must render
an accounting to his master. The books
were correct, yet she could hardly be-
lieve the marvelous production they re-
corded. Her share alone—a poor one
per cent of all that enormous profit—
would keep her in comfort for the rest
of her life; she need never work again.

  But as the days went by, and the
yearly profit was reduced to dollars and
cents, as she looked over the statement
from L. W.’s bank and saw the mcney
piling up to their credit, the first thrill
of joy gave way to fear—of Stoddard
and what he might do. With interests
so vast lying unprotected what could
restrain his ruthless hand ? And yet
there was Rimrock, wrecking his life
in New York and letting her watch
their mine alone! A wave of resent-
ment rose up at the thought—it was
the old hatred that she tried to fight
down—and she clasped her hands and
gazed straight ahead as she beheld in
a vision the woman! A lank rag of a
woman, a Kipling’s vampire, who lived
by the blood of strong men! And to
think that she should have fastened on
Rimrock, who was once so faithful and
true!

  For the thousandth time there rose
up in her mind the old Rimrock as she

had seen him first—a lean, sunburned
man on a buckskin horse, with a pistol
slung at his hip; a desert miner, clean,
laughing, eager, following on after his
dream of riches. But now, soft and
fat, in top hat and diamonds, swagger-
ing past with that woman on his arm!
It would be a blessing for them both
if Stoddard would jump the mine and
put them back where they were before
■—he a hardy prospector, and she a poor
typist with a dream! But the dream
was gone, destroyed forever, and all
she could do was to fight on.

  As she waited for his letter from
day to day, Mary Fortune thought in-
cessantly of Rimrock. She went out to
the mine and gazed at the great work-
ings where men appeared no larger than
ants. She watched the ore being
scooped up with steam shovels and
dropped, load by load, into cars; she
saw it crushed and pulverized and
washed and the concentrates dumped
into more cars; and then the endless
chain of copper going out and the train-
loads of supplies coming in. It was
his, if he would come to it. Every man
would obey him, his orders could tear
down a mountain, and yet he chose to
grow fat and sordid; he preferred that
woman to her!

  She fought against it, but the anger
still raged that had driven her fleeing
from New York. How could she en-
dure it, to meet him again? And yet
she hoped he would come. She hated
him, but still she waited, and at last his
letter came. She tore it open and drew
out his proxy, and then, in the quiet of
her office, she sat silent, while the let-
ter lay trembling in her hands. This
was his answer to her, who had en-
dured so much for him, his answer to
her invitation to come. He inclosed his
proxy for L. W.

  She began on a letter, full of pas-
sionate reproaches, and tore it up in a
rage. Then she wrote another, and tore
it up, and burst into a storm of tears.
<RIM<ROCK JONES

191

She rose lip at last, and, dry-eyed and
quiet, typed a note and sent it away.
It was a formal receipt for his proxy
for Lockhart and was signed: “Mary
R. Fortune, Secretary."

CHAPTER XXI.

THE SECOND ANNUAL. MEETING.

  The second annual meeting of the
Tecolote stockholders found Whitney
H. Stoddard in the chair. Henry Rim-
rock Jones was too busy on the stock
market to permit of his getting away.
He was perfecting a plan where, by
throwing in all his money and all he
could borrow at the bank, he hoped to
wrest from Stoddard his control of
Navajoa, besides dealing a blow to his
pride. But Whitney H. Stoddard, be-
sides running a railroad and a few sub-
sidiary companies as well, was not so
busy; he had plenty of time to come
to Gunsight and to lay out a carefully
planned program. As his suppositious
friend, the mysterious Mrs. Hardesty,
had remarked once upon a time: He
was a very thorough man and very suc-
cessful.

  He greeted Mary warmly, and in a
brief, personal chat flattered her im-
mensely by forgetting that she was deaf.
He also found time to express his grat-
ification that she had approved his idea
of a temperance camp. In the election
that followed, the inciflmbent directors
were unanimously reelected, where-
upon, having performed their sole func-
tion as stockholders, they adjourned
and immediately reconvened as direc-
tors. In marked contrast to the last,
this meeting of the directors was char-
acterized by the utmost harmony; only
L. W. seemed ill at ease. He had
avoided Mary since the day she came
back, and even yet seemed to evade
her eye, but the reason for that ap-
peared in time.

  After the usual reports of the sec-
retary and treasurer, showing a con-

dition of prosperity that made even
Stoddard’s eyes gleam, Mr. Jepson pre-
sented his report. It was a bulky af-
fair, full of technical statistics and elab-
orate estimates of cost, but there was
a recommendation at the end.

  “The report of our treasurer,” said
Jepson in closing, “shows a net profit
of several million dollars, but I wish
to point out our losses. Chief of these
is the enormous wastage which comes
from shipping our concentrates. There
is no doubt in my mind that the Tec-
olote properties contain an inexhaustible
supply of ore, nor that that ore, if
economically handled, will pay an in-
creasing profit. The principal charges,
outside the operating expenses, have
been freight and the smelting of our
concentrates. As you doubtless know,
the long haul to El Paso, and the smel-
ter charges at that end, have materially
reduced our net profits. The greater
part of this loss is preventable, and
I therefore recommend that the com-
pany construct its own smelter.”

  He went on with estimates of costs
and the estimated saving per ton, but
Mary allowed her attention to stray.
She was thinking of Rimrock Jones,
and she was watching Rimrock’s proxy.
Like a criminal on trial, L. W. sat
glowering, his dead cigar still in his
teeth, and before the end of the report
was reached the sweat was beading his
face.

  “Well, I, for one,” began Stoddard
diplomatically, “most heartily approve
of this plan. It will necessitate, of
course, a postponement of profits, but
I think we can all stand that. I there-
fore suggest that we apply this year's
profits to the immediate construction of
a smelter, and, if I hear a motion, we
will consider the question of passing
the annual dividend.”

  He paused, and as Mary went on
with her writing a dead silence fell
upon the room. L. W. glanced at Jep-
192

THE cPOcPULA<R MAGAZINE

son and then at Stoddard, and at last
he cleared his throat.

  “Well, Mr. President,” he said half-
heartedly, “this is a new proposition to
me. I regret very much that Mr. Jones
isn’t here, but—well, I make a mo-
tion that we build the smelter and pass
the annual dividend.”

  He spoke with an effort, his eyes on
the table, and at the end he sank back
in his chair.

  “Did you get that, Miss Fortune?”
asked Stoddard solicitously, and Mary
nodded her head.

  “Yes, I second the motion,” she an-
swered sweetly, and an electric thrill
passed round the room. It had not
been expected by the most optimistic
that the vote would be unanimous.

  “All in favor say ‘Aye!’ ” spoke up
Stoddard sharply, but L. W. had sprung
to his feet.

  “Mr. President!” he began, suddenly
panting with excitement, and Stoddard
fixed him with his steely eyes.

  “Very well, Mr. Lockhart,” he re-
sponded curtly, “what is it you wish
to say?”

  “Why, I—I didn’t know/’ began L.
W. haltingly, “that she was going to
vote—that way.”

  “Well, you know it now,” answered
Stoddard- freezingly. “Does that con-
clude your remarks ?”

  “Oh, no!” burst out L. W., his drawn
face twitching. “I—in that case, I
change my vote. I don’t think Mr.

Jones-”

  “You haven’t voted yet,” corrected
Stoddard shortly. “All in favor please
say ‘Aye!’ ”

  “Aye !” said Mary, and as Stoddard
echoed it he cast a sneering glance at
L. W.

  “Do I understand, Mr. Lockhart,” he
inquired pointedly, “that you wish to go
on record as voting ‘No?’ ”

  “Yes, put it down ‘No!’” directed
L. W. feverishly. “I don’t approve of
this at all. Rimrock needs the money;

he wrote me particularly. I wouldn’t
put him out for the world.” He
straightened the stoop from his long,
bent back, and his eyes opened up ap-
pealingly. “Put me down for a ‘No,’ ”
he repeated wildly. “He’ll kill me for
this! I wouldn’t cross that boy for
anything in the world; he’s the best
friend a man ever had. But put me
down ‘No’-—you will, won’t you, miss?

I don’t want Rimrock to know.”

  “Mr. Lockhart votes ‘No,’ ” broke in
Stoddard peremptorily. “The ‘Ayes’
have it, and the motion is carried. Is
there any other business ?”

■	His cold, incisive words seemed al-
most to stab, but L. W. still swayed on
his feet.

  “I’d like to explain,” he went on
brokenly. “I never go back on a
friend. But Rimrock, he’s wasting his
money back there—I thought it would
be a kindness.”

  “Yes, yes, Mr, Lockhart,” interrupted
Stoddard impatiently, “we all know the
goodness of your heart. Do I hear a
motion to adjourn?”

  He shifted his keen, commanding
eyes to Mary, who nodded her head in
return. She was watching L. W. as
he stood there sweating, with the an-
guish of that Judaslike thought. He
had betrayed his friend, he had sold
him for gold, and already he was sorry.

  “Second the motion,” said Stoddard.
“All in favor say ‘Aye!’ The meeting
stands adjourned.”

  He rose up quickly, and, gathering
up his papers, abruptly left the room.
Jepson followed as quickly, and L. W.,
still talking, found himself alone with
the girl. She was gazing at him
strangely, and as he paused inquiringly
she went over and held out her hand.

  “I understand, Mr. Lockhart,” she
said, smiling comfortingly. “I under-
stand just how you feel. It was a kind-
ness—I felt so myself—and that’s why
I voted as I did.”
CR1M<R0CK JONES

193

  The staring eyes of L. W. suddenly
focused, and then he seized her hand.

  “God bless you!” he cried, crushing
her fingers in his grip. ‘'You’ll make
it right on the books? God bless you,
then; I wouldn’t sell out that boy for
all the money in the world.”

  He broke off suddenly and dashed
from the room, while Mary gazed pen-
sively after him. She, too, in a way,
had betrayed, her friend, but she had
not done it for gold.

  As secretary of the company - and
the board of directors it devolved upon
Mary Fortune to notify Rimrock of
the passed dividend. She knew as well
as L. W. knew that it would be a bitter
blow to him, but she felt no pity or
regret. The money that would other-
wise be wasted in New York would be
diverted to the construction of the
smelter, and if he found the loss a hard-
ship, he had only himself to thank. She
went into her office and shut the door,
but, simple as the letter seemed, she wTas
unable to put it on paper. Three times
she tried, but at each attempt her
pent-up anger burst forth, and the cold-
est and most businesslike words she
could summon seemed packed with hate
and resentment. She gave up at last,
and was sitting listlessly when she
heard voices in the outer room. It
was Jepson and Stoddard, and as she
listened closer she could make out what
they said.

  “I’ve got a report here,” said the
voice of Jepson, “that I’d like to show
you—alone.”

  There was an impatient slamming of
desk drawers, and then the clerk spoke
up—the young man who had taken
Mary’s place:

  “That report of the experts? I put
it in here. You remember, on account
of Miss Fortune.”

  “Oh, yes,” answered Jepson. “And,
by the way, where is she?”

  And then suddenly his voice was
dropped. Mary reached for her ear
13B p •

  phone, and slipped it on and listened to
  catch every word. If Jepson saw fit
  to practice deceit, she had no compunc-
  tion in listening in.

    “Well, that’s all right,” he was say-
  ing. “She .can’t hear what we say.
  You go on out for your lunch.”

    There was a scuffling of feet, and
 then, still talking, Jepson led the way
 to the directors’ room.

   “Yes, she reads your lips; she’s
 really quite clever at it. That’s her
 running the typewriter now.”

   He shut the door, and for several
 minutes Mary played a tattoo on her
 machine. Then she keyed down
 quietly, and, setting her transmitter at
 its maxirrium, she turned it toward the
 wall.

    “This is that report,” the voice of
  , Jepson was saying,, “that you spoke to
  me about in the spring. It gives the
  geology of the whole Tecolote proper-
  ties by the very best experts in the
  field—three independent reports, made
  in advance of litigation, and each comes
  to the same conclusion. If we accept
  the ore body as a single low-grade de-
  posit, instead of a series of high-grade
  parallel veins—and each of these ex-
  perts does—the crest of that dome, the
  Old Juan claim, is the apex of the
  whole. In other words, according to
  the apex law, the possession of the Old
  Juan claim will give us indisputable
  right to the whole property. You can
  look over that yourself.”

    There was a period of silence, broken
  only by the rattling of Mary Fortune’s
  machine, and then they began again.

   “Very well,” said Stoddard, “this
 seems satisfactory. Now what about
 this L. W. Lockhart? In our meeting
 this morning he showed such a con-
 temptible weakness that- Now,

  Jepson, that was very careless of you!
  Why didn’t you find out before that
  fiasco how Miss Fortune intended to
  vote? It must have been perfectly evi-
  dent to her, from the way Mr. Lock-
194

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

hart talked, that he had been—well,
overpersuaded, to say the least. It was
very awkward, and if I hadn’t rushed
it she might have reconsidered her vote.
But never mind that—I suppose you
did your best. Now who is to relocate
this claim?”

  “Well, that’s the question,” began
Jepson. “There’s a man here named

Bray that used to keep a saloon-”

  “No, no!” broke in Stoddard. “No
disreputable characters! Now Jepson,
this is up to you! You’re the only man

we can trust in an extremity-”

  “Positively—no!” exclaimed Jepson
firmly. “I absolutely refuse to touch
it. I’ll arrange the preliminaries, but
after it’s started you must look to your
attorneys for the rest.”

  “Oh, nonsense!” cried Stoddard.
“Isn't it perfectly legal? Won’t the
claim be open to location? Well, then,
why this sudden resort to evasion and
hairsplitting, and all over a mere de-
tail ?”

  “I have told you before,” answered
Jepson impatiently, “that it’s against
the ethics of my profession. I am a
mining engineer, and if you want this

claim jumped-”

  “Oh, yes, yes! We won’t argue the
matter. Who is this Mr. Bray?”

  “He’s a man with nerve—about the
only one in the country that will stand
up to Rimrock Jones. It seems that
Jones won his saloon away from him
and gave it to one of his friends. Some
gambling feud they’ve had on for years,
but now Mr. Bray is broke. I haven’t
sounded him, but for a thousand dol-
lars-”

  “Five hundred!”

  “Now, Mr. Stoddard,” burst out Jep-
son complainingly, “you don’t under-
stand the gravity of this case. Do you
realize that already one man has been
killed in trying to jump that claim?
And Rimrock Jones has made the threat
openly that he will kill any man that
does it.”

  “He’s a blusterer—a braggart—a
criminal through and through. Well,
make it a thousand dollars. Now one
thing more—is there any chance that
Mr. Lockhart may still break up all
our plans? As I understand it, Jones
gave him his orders to see that the
assessment work was done. There are
still nine days before the first of Jan-
uary, and it struck me that he was re-
penting of his bargain. You must
watch him carefully—he doesn’t seem
trustworthy—and positively we must
have no slip-up now. Does he actually
know that this work has been neglected
-—and that, if not performed, it will in-
validate the claim?”

  “Yes, he knows it,” answered Jepson
wearily. “I’ve been stuffing money into
his bank until he has over a million in
deposits, and still the old screw isn’t
satisfied. He’s crazy over money—aiid
yet he’s just as crazy over standing
Ai with Jones. You don’t realize, Mr.
Stoddard, what a strain I’ve been under
in trying to make that man run true.”
“Well, give him anything. We must
win at all hazards before this thing
gets back to Jones. Wre have cut off
his money by the construction of this
smelter, but that can’t be done again,
and, once he begins to accumulate his
profits, we’ll find him a dangerous man.
But we have passed this dividend, and
before I get through with him he’ll be
stripped of every dollar he has won.
I’m going to break that man, Jepson,
if only as an example to these upstarts
who are hounding Navajoa. I’ve got
him by the heels, and—but never mind
that; let’s see if our plans are air-
tight. Now, this man Lockhart!”

  “He’s drunk!” answered Jepson.
“I’ll arrange it to keep him soaked.”
“Very well. Now Bray !”

  “He’s drinking, too. I’ll wait till the
last day, and probably send him out
with a guard.”

  “Yes, make sure of that. Better send
two guards. They can sign their names
<RIM<ROCK JONES

195

as witnesses, in case Bray should leave
the Territory. And now, this girl!”
went on Stoddard, lowering his voice
instinctively. “Is she really as deaf
as she seems ? Remember, you can
never depend on a woman!”

  “Yes, she’s deaf,” replied Jepson.
“And you don’t need to worry—she
hates Rimrock Jones like poison. Did
you notice the way she passed that div-
idend, to cut off his supply of slush ?
Just as sweet and smiling! When they
take it like that—well, we can forget
about her!”

  •He paused, and in the silence a type-
writer began to clack with a fierce, stac-
cato note. It was Mary Fortune,
writing her letter to Rimrock Jones.

CHAPTER XXII.

A FOOL.

 The big day came for which Rim-
rock had waited—the day when he
could strike his first blow. In his room
at the Waldorf he had installed special
telephone connections, with a clerk to
answer his calls, and close by the table,
where he could follow his campaign,
a stock ticker stamped away at its tape.
It was the morning of the twenty-chird
of December, and he had wired L. W.
for his money. All was ready now for
the first raid on Navajoa, and he went
down to see Buckbee, the broker.

 “Mr. Buckbee,” he said, when he
had him by himself, “I just want to find
where you’re at. You introduced me
to Stoddard, and, as it turned out, we
all of us made on the deal. But here’s
the question: If it came to a show-
down, would you be for Stoddard or
me ?”

 “Why, my dear friend Rimrock,”
answered Buckbee jovially, “I’m afraid
you don’t get me right. That little deal
with Stoddard was strictly on the side ;
my business 'is to buy and sell stock.
An order from you will look just as
good to me as one from Whitney H.

Stoddard, and it will be executed just
as carefully. But if it’s Navajoa you
have on your mind, my advice is pos-
itively to lay off. I’ll buy or sell as
much Navajoa as you want for the reg-
ular brokerage fee, but get this straight
—when you go up against Stoddard
you stand to lose your whole roll. Now
shoot, and I give you my word of honor
to execute your-orders to the letter.”

  “All right,” said Rimrock. “Sell ten
thousand shares short. Dump ’em over
—I want Navajoa to go down.”

  “It’ll go down,” answered Buckbee,
as he scribbled out the order. “At what
point do you want me to buy ?”

  “Don’t want to buy,” replied Rim-
rock grimly, and Buckbee shook his
head.

  “All right, my boy,” he said debo-
nairly. “There’ll be wild doings this
day in Navajoa. But it’s people like
you that make the likes of me rich,
so divvel another word will I say.”

  Rimrock returned to his roofn and
sat watching the tape as the ticker
champed it out, and soon he saw Nav-
ajoa. It had been quoted at thirty-
two and a half, but this sale was made
at thirty. He watched it decline to
twenty-eight and twenty-five, and soon
it was down to twenty. He called up
Buckbee.

  “Sell ten thousand more!” he or-
dered, and Buckbee went on with the
slaughter.

  Navajoa went down to eighteen and
sixteen, and then it jumped back to
twenty. Big buying developed, but still
Rimrock sold short, and again Navajoa
slumped. At the end of the day it stood
at twenty, and he prepared for the next
step in his campaign. He had beaten
Navajoa down to nearly half its former
price and without parting with a single
share. He had at that moment, in stock
bought and paid for, enough to cover
all his short selling—this raid was to
call out more. When stock is going
up the people cling to it, but when it
196

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

drops they rush to sell. Already he
could see the small sales of the pikers
as they were shaken down for their
shares. The next thing to do, as he
had learned the game, was to buy in,
and then hammer it again.

  On the twenty-fourth, the day before
Christmas, he bought till he could buy
no more, and still the price stayed down.
It was the holidays slump, so the
brokers said, but it suited him to a
nicety. The next day was Christmas,
and he wired once more for his money,
for L. W. had not answered his first
telegram, and then he went out with
the boys. Since his break with Mrs.
Hardesty he had taken to dodging into
the bar, where he would be safe from
her subtle advances, but on Christmas
Eve he went too far. They all went
too far in the matter of drinking, but
Rimrock went too far with Buckbee.
He told him just exactly what he in-
tended to do to Stoddard, which was
indiscreet, to say the least. But Buck-
bee, who was likewise in an expansive
mood, told in turn everything he knew,
and the following day, as Rimrock
thought it over, he wondered if he had
not been wrong.

  Buckbee had assured him that the
stock on the market represented less
than half of the Navajoa capitalization,
and if that was the case it wras hope-
less. of course, to try to break Stod-
dard’s control. But, strictly as a friend
and for old time’s sake, Buckbee had
offered to sell Rimrock’s stock at a
profit; he had even gone further and
promised to pass it on to Stoddard, who
was in the market to protect his hold-
ings. At twenty-four, which was where
it was selling, Rimrock would clean up
a tidy sum, and every cent of that ab-
solute velvet would come out of Stod-
dard’s pocket. It was a great tempta-
tion, but as Rimrock sobered he remem-
bered that it was a fight to a finish.
He had set out to break Whitney Stod-
dard.

  The next morning at ten he sat at
his desk, waiting expectantly for the
Stock Exchange to open. It was to
have been his big day when, with over
a million dollars from his dividends,
he had intended to buy in Navajoa. But
there was one thing that left him un-
easy; his money had not come. If it
had been sent by registered mail, the
Christmas glut would easily account for
the delay, but three telegrams had re-
mained also unanswered. He pondered
for a minute whether to wire to Mary
or not, and then the telephone rang.

  “Hello,” said a voice, “this is Buck-
bee speaking. What do you think about
the proposition I made?”

  “WTiat proposition?” demanded Rim-
rock, and then he grunted intolerantly
as Buckbee renewed his offer for the
stocks. “You must be drunk!” he said
at the end, and a merry laugh came
back over the phone.

  “No, all joking aside—I’m sober now.
What do you say to twenty-four?”
“Too little!” bluffed Rimrock. “I
want at least thirty.”

  “Will you take that ?”

  “No!” replied Rimrock. “Nor thirty-
five. I’m in the market to buy!”

  “Well, how much do you want,
then?” began Buckbee eagerly. “It’s all
the same to me. As long as it moves
and I get my commission I don’t care
who buys the stock. But I’ll tell you
one thing—you’ll have to put up more
margin if you start to bidding it up.
Twenty per cent, at the least, and if
it goes above thirty I’ll demand a full
fifty per cent. You want to remember,
old scout, that every time you buy on
a margin the bank puts up the rest,
and if that stock goes down they’ll
call your loan and you’re legally liable
for the loss. You’ll have to step lively
•if you buck Whitney H. Stoddard; he’s
liable to smash the price down to noth-
ing.”

  “I’ll show him!” gritted Rimrock.
“But I’ll call up that bank first and
<RIM<ROCI<: JONES

137

find out just how far I can go. A man
like me, worth fifty millions at least

        J5

  “Ye-es!” jeered Buckbee, and as the
broker hung up, Rimrock called the
president of the bank. It took time to
get him, but when Rimrock stated his
case he promised an immediate report.
The answer came within half an hour
—he could borrow up to five hundred
thousand.

  “All right,” said Rimrock, and, call-
ing up Buckbee, he told him to go ahead
and buy.

  “How much?” inquired Buckbee.

“Buy all you can get,” answered Rim-
rock briefly, and hurried off to the bank.

  “Now about this loan,” said the pres-
ident pleasantly. “I find wre have al-
ready given you money on your note
up to nearly the entire five hundred
thousand. Of course there’s no ques-
tion of your ability to pay, but wouldn’t
it be more businesslike if you could put
up a little collateral ?”

  “For instance?” said Rimrock, and
at the note of antagonism the president
was quick to explain.

  “Of course you understand,” he went
on cordially, “you are good, as far as
I’m concerned. But wre have such
troublesome things as bank examiners,
and the lawr is very strict. In fact, a
loan of half a million dollars on the
unindorsed note of one man-—”

 “How much do you want?” asked
Rimrock, and fetched out a great sheaf
of Navajoa.

 “Well—not Navajoa,” said the
banker uneasily. “We have quite a lot
of that already, on brokers’ loans. Mr.
Buckbee, you know. But if you would
just put up, say two thousand shares
of Tecolote-”

  “No!”

  “We could loan you up to two mil-
lion.”

  The president paused and glanced at
him mildly, but Rimrock had thrown
down his stock.

  “No,” he said, “you can take this
Navajoa or I’ll quit and go somewhere
else. I wouldn’t put up a single share
of Tecolote if you’d give me your whole
danged bank!”

  “Very well,” said the president, with
a fleeting smile, “we’ll accept your Nav-
ajoa. My secretary will arrange it—
but mind this is on a call loan! Give
him credit for five hundred more,” he
added, and the clerk showed Rimrock
out.

  There are certain formalities that the
richest must observe before they can
borrow1, half a million, and it was nearly
noon before Rimrock was free and on
his way to the hotel. He was just leap-
ing out of his taxicab when he saw Mrs.
Hardesty reeling toward him.

  “Oh, Rimrock!” she gasped. “I’ve
had such a blow. Won’t you take me
back to my rooms ? Oh, I can’t explain
it, but Whitney H. Stoddard is trying
to force me to give up my stock. That

Tecolote stock-”

  “Here, get into this taxi!” said Rim-
rock on the instant. “Now where do
you want to go?”

  “To the St. Cyngia, on Ninety-fifth
Street—and hurry !” she -commanded,
and the chauffeur slammed the door.

  “Now what’s the matter?” demanded
Rimrock hurriedly. “I haven’t got a
minute to spare. Did you notice Nav-
ajoa ? Well, I’ve got a buy order in

  “Oh, no! I’ve seen nothing—not
since he sent me that message! It
seems he’s back in town.”

 “Who? Whitney Stoddard? Well,
let me get out then; I’ve got to get
back to that tape!”

  “Oh, no!” she murmured, sinking
against him with a shudder. “Don’t
go and leave me alone. I need your
help, Rimrock. My whole fortune is
involved. It’s either that or give back
the stock.”

 “What stock?” asked Rimrock.
“That twTo thousand Tecolote? Well,
198

THE <P0<PULJ1<R MAGAZINE

you just give that to me! Have you
really got it, or are you just stalling?
Let me look at it, and I’ll see you
through hell!”

  “It’s in my apartment,” she answered
weakly. “I’ll show it to you when we
are there. Ah, Rimrock, something
told me you would come to save me.
But—oh, I’m ready to fall!”

  She dropped against him, and the
startled Rimrock took her quickly
within his arm. They rode on swiftly,
and as she lay panting on his breast she
told him the story of her misfortune.

  “I don’t deserve it,” she said, “to
have you help me, because I started to
do you a wrong. I didn't know you
then, nor your generous heart—and so
I made the agreement with Stoddard.
I was to go to Gunsight and get ac-
quainted with you and get you to come
back to New York—and for that I was
to receive two thousand shares of Tec-
olote stock. Oh, not as a present—I’d
never think of that—but far below what
they are worth. It would take all the
money I had in the world just to make
a part payment on the stock. But I
knew how wonderfully valuable they
were, and so I took the chance.”

  She sighed and leaned against him
closer, while Rimrock listened eagerly
for the rest.

  “Can you understand now why I’ve
seemed worried and anxious and why
I’ve concealed my affairs? I went there
and met you, but when I refused to
betray you I found I was caught in a
trap. Whitney Stoddard is hounding
you in every possible way to make you
give up your mine, and after I refused
to give back my stock he set out de-
liberately to ruin me.”

  She shuddered and lay silent, and
Rimrock moved uneasily.

  “What was it he wanted you to do?”
he asked at last, and she tore herself
swiftly away.

  “I can’t tell you—here. But come up

to my rooms. I defied him, but I did
it for you.”

  She fell quickly to rearranging her
hair and hat in preparation for the
short dash past the doorman, and at the
end she looked at him and smiled.

  “I knew you would come,” she said,
and as he helped her out he thrilled
to the touch of her hand. At odd times
before she had seemed old and blase,
but now she was young and all alive.
He dismissed the taxi without a thought
of his business, and they hurried up
to her apartments. She let herself in,
and as she locked the door behind them
she reached up and took his big hat.

  “You must stay a while,” she said.
“The servants are gone and I have no
one to protect me if they come to serve
the papers. Just start the fire—and if
any one knocks don’t let them break
down the door.”

  She smiled again, and a sudden gid-
diness seemed to blind Rimrock and
make him doubt where he was. He
looked about at the silken rugs and the
luxurious hangings on the walls, and
wondered if it was the same place as
before. Even when he lit the laid fire
and sank down on a divan he still felt
the sweet confusion of a dream, and
then she came back, suddenly trans-
formed by a soft house gown, and
looked him questioningly in the face.

  “Can you guess,” she asked, as she
sat down beside him, “what it was that
he wanted me to do? No, not to be-
tray you or get possession of your
stock. All he asked was that I should
marry you.”

  “Marry me!” exclaimed Rimrock,
and his keen, staring eyes suddenly nar-
rowed as she bowed her head.

  “Yes, marry you,” she said. “That
was what made it so hard. Did you
notice, when I stopped inviting you
here? I was afraid, my Rimrock; I
was afraid I might forget and—marry
you. That was the one spot where
Stoddard’s plan failed; he forgot that
<RIMcROCK JONES

199

I might fall in love. I loved you, Rim-
rock, loved you too much to marry you,
and so I broke up all his plans. If
I had married you, don’t you see how
easy it would have been fdr me to get
hold of your stock? And that girl t>ut
there—the one I don’t like—she would
have thrown her vote to Stoddard.
That alone would give him control;
they would have fifty per cent of the
stock.”

  “No, they wouldn’t,” corrected Rim-
rock, “not if you’ve got that two thou-
sand. That would give us fifty-one
per cent!”

  A shadow of annoyance passed over
her face, as if some part of her plan
had gone wrong, and then her eyes took
on a fire.

  " ‘Us?’ ” she said. “Would you have
married me, Rimrock ? But surely not
for the stock! Oh, I wish sometimes

-” She stopped abruptly, and

looked at him strangely, and then she
hurried on. “Ah, no,” she sighed, “that
can never be—you are in love with that
other woman—out there. When you
met her at the opera you forgot all
about me. You went off and left me
alone. If Whitney H. Stoddard had
called me up. then!” Her eyes flashed
dangerously, and she looked away, at
which Rimrock glanced quickly at his
watch.

  “By—grab!” he exclaimed, half ris-
ing to his feet. “Do you know it’s half
past twelve? Say, where’s your tele-
phone? I’ve got a deal on in Navajoa
and I’ve just got to find out where I
am.”

  She rose up suddenly, and turned to
face him with a look of queenly scorn.

  “I have no telephone!” she answered
evenly. “And if I did have, I would
not lend it to you. You’re just like
the rest of these men, I see. You think
in terms of stocks. I should have done
as Stoddard said, and paid you back
for your rudeness. Do you know, Mr.
Jones, that you think more of money

than of anything else in the world? Are
you aware of the fact that all the love
and devotion that any poor woman
might bestow would be wholly wasted.,
and worse than wasted, on a miserable
stock gambler like you? Ah, I was a
fool!” she burst out, stamping her foot
in a passion, and then she sank back
on the divan and wept.

  Rimrock stood and gazed at her, then
glanced absently at his watch and
looked about, shamefaced, for a phone.
But in that elegant apartment, with its
rich furnishings and tapestries, there
wras no place for a crude, commercial
telephone, and the door to the inner
room was closed. He turned toward
the outer door, for his business was
urgent, but she had carried off the key.
He stirred uneasily, and a shrewd doubt
assailed him, for her weeping seemed
all at once sophisticated and forced, and
at the movement she raised her head.
One look and she had cast herself upon
him and twined her arms about his neck,

  “I can’t help it! I can’t help it!” she
sobbed convulsively, and drew down his
head and kissed him. “I can’t help it!”
she whispered. “I love you, Rimrock;
I can’t bear to let you go!”

  She clung to him passionately, and
with tremulous laughter tugged to draw
him back to the divan, but Rimrock
stood upright and stubborn. He put
away the hands that still clung and
petted and gazed fiercely into her eyes.
And the woman faced him—without a
tear on her cheek for all the false weep-
ing she had done.

  “How’s this?” he said, and as she
sensed his suspicion she jerked back in
sudden defiance.

  “A stock jobber!” she mocked. “All
you think of is money. The love of
a woman is nothing to you!”

  “Aw, cut out that talk!” commanded
Rimrock brutally. “Some women are
stock jobbers, too. And, speaking of
stock, just give me a look at those two
thousand shares of Tecolote.”
200

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

  A sullen, sulky pout distorted her
mouth, and she made a face like a will-
ful girl.

  “You’d snatch them,” she said, “and
run away and leave me. And then what
would I say to Stoddard?”

  “Are you working for him?” he asked
directly, and she threw out her arms
in a pet.

  “No! I wish I were, but it’s too late
now. I might have made money, but
as it is I stand to lose everything.”
“Oh, you stand to lose everything,
do you? Well, say, that reminds me,
I guess I stand about the same.”

  He picked up his hat and started for
the door, but she caught him by the
arm.

  “You’re going to that woman!” she
said vindictively. “Perhaps I can tell
you something about her. Well, I can!”
she declared. “And I can prove it, too.
I can prove it by my Tecolote stock.”
“You haven’t got any stock,” an-
swered Rimrock roughly. But he
stopped, and she drew back and smiled.

  “Oh!” she said, as she noted his in-
terest. “You’re beginning to believe
me now. Well, I can show you by the
indorsement where she sold out to Stod-
dard over a month before I came. She
sold him two thousand shares of Tec-
olote for exactly two million dollars—
and that’s why she left when I came.
She was afraid you would find her out.
But you, you poor fool, you thought
she was perfect, and had left because
her feelings were hurt. But she
couldn’t fool me; I could read her like
a book, and I’ll tell you what she had
done.”

  “You’ll do nothing of the kind!”
broke in Rimrock savagely. “You’ll go
and get me that stock. I won’t believe

a word you say-”

  “What will you give me if I do?”
she demanded coquettishly, at the same
time backing away.

  “I’ll give you a nice, sweet kiss,” an-
swered Rimrock, twisting his mouth to
a sinister smile. “And if you don’t

  “Ah, will you?” she cried as she
started toward him, and then she
danced mockingly away.

  “You can keep it for her!” she flung
back bitterly and passed out through
the inner door.

  Like a lion held in leash, Rimrock
paced up and down, and then he lis-
tened through the door. All was silent,
and with a sudden premonition he laid
a quick- hand on the knob. The door
was locked against him! He listened
again, then spoke through the keyhole,
then raised his voice to a roar. The
next moment he set his great shoulder
to the panel, then drew back and lis-
tened again. A distant sound, like a
door softly closing, caught his ear and
all was still. He hurled himself with
desperate vehemence against the door
So treacherously locked, and with a
crash it leaped from its hinges, and he
stumbled into the room. From where
he stood Rimrock looked about in a
daze, for the room was stripped and
bare. The table, the furnishings, all
that had made it so intimate when he
had dined with the tiger lady before,
all were gone, and with the bareness
there came a chill and the certainty that
he had been betrayed. He turned and
rushed to the outer entrance, but as
he laid violent hands on that door it
opened of itself, and with such unex-
pected suddenness that he fell backward
on the floor. He rose up, cursing, for
something told him whose hand had un-
locked that door, but she was gone and
all that remained was a scribbled card
in the hall.

  “Kiss your money good-by’' was
written on its face, and on the back:

   “I hate a fool.”

TO BE CONCLUDED IN JANUARY 7TH ISSUE.
The Bell

By Arthur Stringer
Author of ilThe Gun-Runner, ” ‘ ‘ 'J'ke. Hammer of God, ” Etc.

   'One man brings another four hundred miles to answer the question
Thomas Bailey Aldrich once asked about a certain situation for a story:
“What would happen If you knew you were the last human being alive in
the world and you were sitting alone in your study, and suddenly your
doorbell rang?”

DO you happen to know just why
you’re here ?” asked Ryckman,
as I stepped into the waiting
motor car.

  “Because you sent for me,” was my
deliberate retort. I stared about the
lonely little station half buried in snow.

  Ryckman cranked the car, shook the
snow from the lap robe that had been
covering his radiator, and crowded in
beside me. We backed about, swung
into the frozen road, and crawled south-
ward across a country blue gray with
wintry twilight.

  “You’ve been wondering why I did
send for you, of course,” said Ryckman,
as he pushed the lap robe over across
my knees. “And, now you’re here, I’ll
explain it. You see, you could never
make it clear in a telegram.”

  “Why not?” I asked.

  “Buchner,” Ryckman said, after a
silence, “do you remember what
Thomas Bailey Aldrich once asked
about a' certain situation for a story ?
What would happen if you knew you
were the last human being alive in the
world and you were sitting alone in
your study, and suddenly your doorbell
rang?”

  I turned and stared at Ryckman as
he bent over his wheel.

  “Did you bring me all the way up
here to answer that question?” I de-
manded.

  “Yes,” was his answer.

  Ryckman had always been odd, but
I had never thought of him as insane.
That he was not without temperament
had been made plain to me seven long
years before, when I first became his
attorney. We had then stopped by in-
junction one of his own plays because
a Broadway manager had grabbed a
third-act ending. And since then we
had been through most of the small
legal skirmishes which every successful
author, I suppose, has to face.

  Yet success had not greatly added
to Ryckman’s eccentricities. He had al-
ways loved solitude, I knew, when
struggling with a new drama, and this
was largely based on the fact that he
composed viva voce, striding up and
down his study and shouting his big-
scene speeches to a waiting stenogra-
pher. So I had not been surprised when
he wrote me that winter, saying he had
snatched up a huge old country house
on Lake Erie and was leaving the city
to give three months of hard work to
the new Frohman comedy.

  But I was not willing to swallow four
hundred miles in an overheated sleeper
202

THE cPOcPULflcR MAGAZINE

 and accept a spoiled Christmas holiday
 as the negligible whim of a tempera-
 mental playmonger.

  So I looked at the capped and muf-
flered Ryckman for some time, trying
to sweep back the wave of anger which
was inundating my weary body.

  “So, I’ve been brought here on the
matter of a doorbell?” I inquired, with
ironic placidity.

  “Precisely,” said Ryckman.

  “On the matter of your doorbell,
which somebody has been making so
bold as to ring?” I went on.

  “Exactly,” said the man at my side,

  “But, my dear Ryckman,” I retorted,
 exasperated by the theatricality of his
 attitude, “the situation seems rather
 without point in this case, because you
 do not happen to be the last human be-
 ing alive in the world.”

  “That’s where you’re wrong,” he
quickly amended. ■ “I am the only hu-
man being alive in the world!”

  “Oh, are you ?” I echoed, steeling my-
 self for some confession of incipient
 paranoia. It was clear, I told myself,
 that the man had been overworking.

  “I mean I’m the only human being
left in this world of mine up here,”
explained Ryckman.

  “How about Burke?” I asked.

  Burke was Ryckman’s stenographer,
who had been with the playwright, I
knew, for the last three years at least.

  “Burke left three days after my
housekeeper went. He couldn’t stand
it any more than the others could!”

  “Stand what?” I demanded.

  “The bell,” was Ryckman’s answer.

  I tried to be as calm as possible.

  “What did the bell do?” I finally in-
 quired.

  “It rang.”

  Ryckman had uttered this foolish an-
 swer in a quite matter-of-fact tone, but
 for some absurd reason I experienced
 a faint horripilation of the nerves.

  “Bells have a habit of doing that”

  “No, they haven’t,” solemnly and de-

 cisively declared Ryckman. “Not with-
 out some human being first making
 them ring! Not without some earthly
 reason or cause!”

  I could afford to laugh at his solem-
nity.

  “And this is some super-rational bell
that rings of its own sweet will and
givs you goose flesh along your idiotic
young legs just because a couple of
wires have got crossed.”

  He turned to me with a quick and
reproving side glance. I could see his
face, thin and blue with tfoe cold, in
the shadowy half light of the snow-
muffled dusk.

  “There are no wires to get crossed,”
he declared. “It is just a plain bell that
has to be pulled, pulled by some one’s
hand. The only wires that are getting
crossed are the wires in my brain. I
tell you, I can’t stand this thing much
longer. I’ve got to straighten it out
in some way!”

  I sat silent, momentarily disturbed
by the rising note of protest in his voice.
It was clear that the man was not him-
self.

  “Been working hard?” I finally in-
quired.

  “I can’t work,” he cried. “This thing
has got on my nerves and knocked
everything out of my head.”

  “Then why are you staying here'”

  “I want to get to the bottom of it,”
was his answer. “I’ve got to under-
stand it.”

  I thought things over. Then I went
back to the question of the bell.

  “You’re sure it actually rings?” I
asked.

  “As sure of it as I know we’re sitting
in this car.”

  “And without reason?”

  He nodded an affirmative.

“I even lampblacked the pull knob,
hoping to get finger prints, something
to work on. But there was no sign
that a human hand had touched it
Again I felt that small chill along
THE ‘BELL

203

the nerve ends. But I forced a laugh
at the solemnity of his face.

  “And the servants—Burke and others
—what stampeded them?”

  “They knew the bell- rang.”

  “When would it ring?”

  “At night.”

  “And how did they explain it ?”
“They couldn’t explain it. That’s
what stampeded them.”

  “But they must have talked about it.”
“Burke told me they had passed a
story on, from one to the other, about
a woman being killed in the place and
buried under the bricks in the cellar.
Being lowbrows, they accepted the
story—even Burke did, at last, and with
the usual results.”

  “And you yourself ?” I inquired.
Ryckman threw me another quick
side glance.

  “I’m not altogether foolish!” he re-
plied. Then he added, without looking
at me: “And the cellar floor isn’t of
bricks. It’s solid cement.”

  “Any details about that woman ?” I
asked, feeling that the more Ryckman
could externalize the thing, as the
psychopathologists phrase it, the better
it would be for him.

■	“Nothing authentic, naturally. Those
yarns never are authentic. But as far
as I can gather the house was built
about thirty years ago by a retired Lake
captain. He was in middle life then,
and married a young wife. They had
two children. The first, a boy, was del-
icate and afraid of the water. This
used to anger the old captain, who took
the boy out in a boat and threw him
overboard to make him a swimmer.
The shock, or the strain on the boy’s
throat when he screamed, ruptured the
vocal chords. At any rate, according
to the story, it left him a mute. And
the boy’s mother never forgave his
father. They lived under the same
roof, side by side, for two years with-
out speaking. Then the captain disap-

peared. They said he went back to
the Lakes, took up sailing again. Then
he came back one winter and tried to
make up with his wife. She still re-
fused to speak to him. He was drunk,
and turned her out in zero weather.
Three times she came back and rang
the bell. The third time, they say, he
dragged her in and killed her. As a
matter of fact, I suppose, she died of
exposure, or probably was never even
turned out of the house.”

  “And the boy with the ruptured vocal
chords?”

  “He went to Baltimore and had an
operation on his throat and got his
voice back. He and his younger sister
turned the place—they called it Pine
Brae—into a fruit farm. But'old Cap-
tain Hudson’s family disputed the title
and threw it on the market. That’s
how it came into my hands.”

  We had turned off the main road,
and were winding down through a
stretch of heavily wooded hills. We
chugged and stuttered in past two huge
stone gateposts, crawling on second
speed through a spectral-looking or-
chard. Then we took a turn to the left
and skirted a thick tangle of pine trees.
Half hidden in the gloom of these pines
I could make out the still gloomier pile
of the house, without a light or a sign
of life showing from any of its win-
dows. As I sat in the car, while Ryck-
man got out to unlock his garage door,
I could hear the sound of the lake
booming desolately on the ice ridge
along the shore.

  “This is surely a sweet and home-
like corner of the world you’ve bought
yourself,” I told him, with a candor
bom of much weariness of body and
depression of mind.

  “I don’t believe I’ll buy the place,”
he said, as he stood staring into the
gloom of the pines.

  “But you have bought it.”

  “Not altogether,” he afnended.
204

THE <PO<PUL/l<R MAGAZINE

“There’s a disputed title somewhere or
other. That is one of the things you’ve
got to look into for me at the county
seat. I’ve been too busy, and I'm not
much good at that work.”

  Again I detected a flaw in my young
client’s line of talk, but I did not draw
his attention to it.

  “Well, that’s saner work than wait-
ing for bells to ring,” I told him, as I
followed in his steps and circled the
gloomy pile that huddled back among
its gloomy pines. I stood beside him
as he took out a key to unlock the for-
bidding oak door; I could see the faint
glimmer of a polished brass knob. I
reached out and touched it, feeling sure
it was the hand knob of a pull bell.
Then I let my gloved fingers close about
it. The next moment I pulled promptly
and deliberately on the knob.

  From beyond that still unlocked door,
from somewhere deep within the silent
and tomblike house, I could hear the
sudden, brazen clamor of the bell. I
don’t know whether it was the uttter
desolation of the place or my own de-
pressed spjrits or the ghostly nonsense
which Ryckman had been dishing up
to me, but as I heard those muffled
sounds reverberating through the gloom
which I could not decipher I felt a
shiver speed up and down my backbone.

  Ryckman swung about as though he
had been shot.

  “Was that you ?” he gasped, catching
at my arm.

  “Of course it was me,” I retorted.
But I could see that it had given him
a bad turn.

  Again I forced a laugh as I struck
a match for him. He stood there until
it burned out, before he turned again
to unlock the door. Then I struck a
second match. This time I held it close
to the bell knob and looked it over.
Then I stepped in through the opened
door, at Ryckman’s heels, following him
into the silence of the unlighted house.

II.

  I found the interior of Ryckman’s
house much more comfortable than I
had anticipated. And I made the fur-
ther discovery that Ryckman himself
was a much more practical-minded man
than I had thought him. He soon had
a wood fire roaring in the huge fire-
place of the great high-ceilinged hall/
which ran the full length of the house.
Then came a hot supper, of his own
cooking, and coffee and cigars. And
although the wind increased as the night
advanced and the sound of it in the
pine tops was no blither than the boom-
ing of the surf on the ice ridge below
the lake cliffs, I found myself, what
with the hot meal and the lighted lamps
and the open fire and the easy-chairs,
in a much more comfortable frame of
mind.

  The situation, as we smoked and
talked, became a more matter-of-fact
one, and when Ryckman carried a lamp
to the rear end of the wide reception
hall and pointed out the bell which was
given to ringing without earthly reason
or cause, I could even view that bell
with half-amused disdain.

  It was an old-fashioned and very or-
dinary-looking bell, swinging on the end
of a curling steel band wire. When
once set in motion, because of this wire,
it would naturally oscillate for some
length of time. I noticed that it stood
high above the door tops, and could
not be easily interfered with by any
one crossing the back of the hall, which,
Heaven knows, had doors enough stand-
ing on either ^ide of it. I made par-
ticular note of this, for the back end
of the hall was in shadow, far beyond
the radiance of our open fire and the
large reading lamp which stood behind
us; and the deeper the shadows, I knew,
the better the chances for that trickery
of the senses which is all too readily
accepted as the supernatural.

  So fortified, in fact, did I become
THE <BELL

205

in my skepticism that I determined to
cut off all other chances of trickery. I
first insisted on making sure we were
alone in the house. And this we did
by a most thorough and painstaking
search of the place from attic to cellar.
During that search, which was a dismal
and bone-chilling experience, I stitm-
bled on nothing that could be made to
serve as an elucidation of Ryckman’s
tuppeny little mystery. I discovered,
though, that the house was even larger
and drearier than I had first thought it.
I also discovered that the cellar, in
which Ryckman had made preparations
for installing a hot-water furnace, was
a solid-walled, well-floored place in no
way suggestive of the abnormal. The
only feature of that cellar which could
be called in any way irregular was a
door which opened into a passageway
running under the terrace to the east
of the house. But this passage, Ryck-
man explained, had originally connected
with a frame building holding two huge
cider presses, for when the orchards of
Pine Brae were in their prime the
earlier owner had thought to make a
business of champagnizing and aging
native cider for the city market.

  I made it a point to see, however, that
the door of this passage was securely
locked, just as I made it a point to see
that every door and window on the
ground floor could not be tampered with
by a possible intruder. And as for in-
truders, I knew that no one could ap-
proach the house without leaving in the
freshly fallen snow unmistakable marks
of that approach. Yet before we set-
tled ourselves before the open fire again
I obtained a hammer and wood chisel
from the quietly condoning Ryckman.
With these, after some difficulty, I re-
moved an inner board from his front-
door casement, and then a couple of
the floor boards, to make sure, as I had
expected, that the bell wire ran along
to the back of the house under our feet,
and not overhead. Mv first impulse was

quietly to cut this wire. But, on second
thoughts, I surreptitiously loosened the
set screw which held the brass bell pull
in place. Then stepping outside for a
moment on the pretext of making sure
there were no footprints in the freshly
driven snow, I drew the brass knob
from its socket and slipped it into my
pocket.

  When I lighted a fresh cigar in front
of Ryckman’s open fire I was fortified
with the knowledge that no one outside
the house could ever interfere with my
neurasthenic friend’s bell. I nursed the
even more comforting conviction that
for one night at least this sleep-disturb-
ing bell would remain quite normal.
I had to struggle against a tendency,
in fact, to doze off in the very face of
Ryckman’s spasmodic and thin-voiced
talk. I even laughed a little, from the
depths of my chair, when he showed
me the Ross rifle he had brought into
the hall and left leaning there in its
corner, protesting that he always felt
safer with the firearm at his elbow.
Then I stretched myself and told him
that I was tired and thought I’d turn
in.

  He stopped short at these words from
me, and a look of trouble deepened on
his thin and none-too-happy face.

  “I'd rather you’d wait,” he said.

  “Wait for what?” I demanded.

  He moved his head toward the hall
end, where I knew the bell swung on
its spring.

  “But nothing’s going to happen,” I
protested, as I sat watching him stare
into the shadows at the back of the
house. “Nothing can happen !”

  “I want you to wait,” he said, with
a new and more wistful note in his
voice. He was still watching the shad-
owy hall end, but I could see that his
stare was not directed toward the bell
itself.

  “Ryckman,” I suddenly asked him,
“is there anything in this besides the
mere ringing of that bell up there?”
206

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

  “Yes/' he replied, after a pause. But
still he did not look at me. I became
more conscious of a sense of reserva-
tion about the man and everything he
had said to me.

  “What’s the other thing?” I inquired.

  His right hand groped behind him,
feeling for the chair arm. Having found
it, he sank slowly down into its depths.

  “It’s a woman,” he said. And I
caught his vague look of abashment,
his eye flash of mute protest against
possible ridicule, as the strong side light
picked out the shadows on his. lean and
tragic face.

 “You mean you see a woman?” I
asked, struggling to make my tone a
casual one.

  “I tell you, Buchner, I’ve seen her,
as plain as I see that reading lamp. God
only knows where she comes from or
where she goes! But every line of her
face stands out as distinctly as though
it had a stage spotlight on it!”

  “And you want me to sit up for a
thing like that?” I demanded, with a
pretense at disgust.

  “Yes,” he replied quite simply.

III.

  I had been reading on and off for
about an hour when Ryckman got up
from his chair and crossed to the fire-
place. He put on a fresh log, lighted
a cigarette, and stood looking down at
me.

  “I guess it’s no use,” he said, with
a sigh of weariness.

  “Of course it’s no use,” I told him.
“The combination, you see, is broken.
According to the recipe, you have to
be the last man left in the world—at
least, in your world, as you put it. You
have to be alone before you can get
those things to happen—alone and all
ready to let your sense be imposed
upon.”

  He raised a hand and took the ciga-
rette from between his lips. Then he

lifted his head a little, as though to
answer me. But he did not speak for
a moment or two. Instead, he stood
staring off into space.

  “Oh, my God!” he said in a quick
gasp. - And, before I had quite realized
that lie had spoken, the quietness of
the house was shattered by a sudden
tumult of sound.

  It was the bell!

  There, on the wall before us, the bell
had most unmistakably rung. It clam-
ored out through the quietness with a
suddenness that struck on the sense like
a mallet blow. And with it it seemed-
to carry a note of desolation, of vague
misery attempting to articulate itself,
which sent a tingle arrowing up and
down my startled body.

  In a moment I was out of my chair,
running toward the door. Instead of
opening the door, as Ryckman expected
me to do, I dropped on my knees before
the torn-up floor boards. There I thrust
my hand through the opening and
firmly grasped the pull wire. I held it
tight, so that it could not be moved.
But even as I held it motionless the
silence was again shattered by that un-
earthly brazen clamor.

  “It will ring again,” Ryckman ‘was
saying in a voice that sounded as thin
as though it had come to me over a
long-distance wire.

  Neither of us spoke as the third sig-
nal sounded and died away. Then I
ran to where Ryckman stood, with a
scattering of high lights on his mois-
tened forehead. I put my hand on his
arm; I think I must have shaken him.

  “Can you get me another lamp?” I
asked him.

  He did not answer me. But in the
face staring over my shoulder I could
see sudden terror. I could see the lips
become flaccid and the eyes alter and
widen. And I knew that behind me
was a Something which had entered his
line of vision, a Something which it was
my duty to face.
THE 'BELL

207

  I turned slowly about, forlornly
struggling to fortify myself for any-
thing with which I might be confronted.
Then I leaned forward, with one hand
on the chair back, giving vent as I did
so to a little challenging call that was
as foolish and futile as the squeak of
a frightened mouse.

  For there, before our eyes, was a fig-
ure in white, moving across the shad-
owy end of the hall. The figure was
that of a woman still young.

  I stood staring at her face, which
seemed rapt and luminous. I could see
the delicately chiseled nose and the line
of the white cheek that merged into
the slender chin. I could see the mouth,
with the lips slightly parted. And then
I saw something else. It was a trivial
thing, but it drove the cold chill out
of my legs. That apparition which I
had tried to tell myself had been con-
jured up by overtense nerves and too
active imagination had moistened its
lips.

  Even as I stepped forward I heard
Ryckman call out. The next moment
the place was filled with the reverbera-
tions of a quick report. I saw the
vague figure in white wheel halfway
round, throw out an arm, and go down
on the floor. It was only then that I
realized that Ryckman had made use of
his rifle, and it was only then that I
had the intelligence to clear the space
between my chair and the far end of
the hall.

  “Bring the lamp,” I called, “for I
rather think you’ve killed a woman !”

  I was down on my knees before a
tangle of white cotton drapery, pad-
ding foolishly about a warm body which
seemed hopelessly enmeshed in its
swathings. I was exploring and feel-
ing frantically about, trying to find the
bullet wound.

  “It’s there in her shoulder,” said
Ryckman, with a choke in his voice.
I could hear the lamp shade rattle
against its holder in his shaking hand.

  I was clumsily but determinedly cut-
ting away the wet sleeve with my pock-
etknife when the bluest eyes I have
ever looked into opened and stared up
at me and then suddenly closed again.

  “It’s here in the arm,” I cried out
as I got the wet sleeve away. “Fetch
me something for a tourniquet, quick!”

  He was back with enough linen and
lint to outfit a Red Cross camp.

  “I’m better at this than you are,”
he said, as he dropped on his knees
and elbowed me aside. “I want you
to get a doctor.”

  “How?” I demanded.

  “Can you run a car?” He was busy
tightening the tourniquet.

  “No!”

  “Then you’ll have to telephone from
the Tishburn Farm. There’s a rural
line there that connects with Egerton
Corners. Take my fur motor coat.
And follow the trail until you come to
the main road where we turned in.”

  “And then what?” I asked, as I
struggled into the coat.

  “The Tishburns will tell you the rest,’’
he said, without looking up, for he was
busy making a pillow for the tumble-
haired head^so close beside him.

  “But do you know who this woman
is?” I demanded.

  “Yes, I do,” he retorted.

  “Who is she?”

  “She’s the daughter of the man who
built this house.”

IV.

  It was two hours later that the prac-
ticing physician of Egerton Corners
drove up to the Tishburn farmhouse.
He came in a “cutter” that looked about
as big as a conch shell, and drove a
team of spanking bays. He wore a
coonskin hat and a greatcoat of the
same outlandish fur, looking like a
cross between a submarine monster and
an Eskimo in spectacles.

  So I duly said good-by to the Tish-
208

THE cPO<PUL/lcR MAGAZINE

burns—who had all promptly arisen and
dressed and joined me about, their sit-
ting-room “base-burner,” waiting, avid-
eyed, for some inkling as to why a doc-
tor should ‘ be called up at such un-
seemly hours—and climbed in beside
that fur-smothered practitioner, who
further barricaded me beneath a pon-
derous buffalo robe.

  He waved his whip to the cluster of
faces peering from the lighted window,
touched his bays on their steaming
flanks, and chuckled audibly as we
swung down into the Lake Road.

  “Now I understand why you gave
me the message in Latin,” he said from
the depths of his furs, nodding back
toward the crowded casement.

  “It’s the sort of thing one has ^ to
keep quiet,” I explained.

  “Naturally,” he agreed. “But I’d
like a few of the particulars, neverthe-
less.”

  I told him, as briefly as I could, what
had happened that night. He took it
all as a matter of course—that is, with
the one exception of Ryckman.

  “This man, Ryckman, is a bit eccen-
tric, isn’t he?”

  I remembered how I had been el-
bowed aside and dumped out into the
night, to say nothing of being brought
four hundred miles to hear a bell ring.

, “Most eccentric,” I admitted, “for
one so young.”

  “I’ve always thought as much,” said
the man at my side.

  It was my turn to surrender to un-
due curiosity and put a question to
him.

  “Who in the world,” I'casually in-
quired, “could that young woman be?”

  The fur-clad figure tooled his team
in through the broken-down stone gate-
posts of Pine Brae.

  “Oh, that’s old Captain Hudson’s
daughter. She and her brother live
in the cottage just beyond the old or-
chard there.”

  But he would say nothing more.
Ryckman himself, once we were back
in the house, was equally reticent of
speech. He already seemed to look on
me as an outsider, an interloper. When
I told him, a little wearily, that I
thought I’d be going back with the doc-
tor in the morning, he did not even
demur. He merely said it was a nasty
flesh wound, but that the patient was
doing nicely and they would have a
trained nurse there by noon.

  “But how about that bell?” I in-
quired.

  He was carrying towels and hot water
upstairs to the doctor. He stopped only
long enough to regard me with a cold
and unsympathetic eye.

  “How d’you expect me to talk about
bells when I’ve got a sick woman to
look after?” was his quite ungenerous
and altogether unsatisfactory answer.

  It was not until the end of January
that I heard from Ryckman. He had
been busy, he said, installing his hot-
water heating system and finishing up
his Frohman comedy.

  “You will be glad to know,” he con-
tinued, “that Catherine’s arm is quite
healed. She asked me to explain to
you about the bell.

  “They had told her that if the family
could retain possession of Pine Brae
until over the New Year, their legal
claim, in the matter of that disputed
title I told you about, would be un-
assailable. The bell kept ringing be-
cause she had a key to the passageway
and could step into the cellar and pull
the wire overhead when she felt it
would do the most good. She’s a won-
derful girl, Buchner, even though she
did try to frighten me out of a per-
fectly good home and into a psycho-
pathic ward. And it seems only fair
to confide to you, remembering the
generous part you played in it all, that
Catherine and I are to be married the
second week in February.”
1

^^HATEVER we have worth keep-
ing needs care if we are to en-
joy its possession. Books are defaced
and torn, pictures are hidden with
dust, furniture loses its beauty, silver
grows tarnished, through neglect. We
have possessions of an immaterial sort
much more valuable than anything we
can handle or touch. Aspiration, hope,
ideals are all much more necessary to
a sound and happy life than anything
bought with money. They direct the
current of our thought and feeling, give
light and color to an existence that
would be dull and meaningless with-
out them. They may awaken and set
free at rare moments that better genius
that sleeps in every man and that has
been responsible for all great heroism
and achievement.

*	*

        ideals, our conceptions of what
was beautiful or noble or true,
came to us new-wrought and gleam-
ing. Like the picture covered with
dust, they may come to lose their mean-
ing, They need attention if they are
to remain valuable to us. Religion—
every one, whether he knows it or not,
has some sort of religion—may come to
be a meaningless formula; the celebra-
tion of Christmas, which, in spite of
war and suffering, is in the air in all
parts of the world to-day, may de-
velop into a hypocritical and ceremonial
nuisance.

JT is well to remember now the first
impression that Christmas gave us.
Surely there was a time for almost
every one when the words “Merry
Christmas!” meant something more
than a salutation, something really
bright and generous and glowing.
Surely the Christmas trees and presents
of long ago are not quite forgotten.
Surely there was a time when a Christ-
mas dinner was really a great and mem-
orable feast. If we have any such mem-
ories, we know that they are ours, partly
by virtue of one of the oldest and
certainly the most beautiful of human
traditions, and partly through the devo-
tion and unselfishness of those who in
other days were simple and wise enough
to honor the tradition and obey it.

a a

IT is true that those who give us the
most happiness are often beyond the
reach of our gratitude. We owe them
something—but it cannot be paid back.
The most we can do is to do as they
did, and hand the light and blessing
to others, who have come later, and
whom we benefit without hope of re-
ward. After all, is not this a higher
and better form of gratitude? Is it
not the fruit of the seed of Christianity
itself, a natural and spontaneous mani-
festation of that spirit which continu-
ally strives to break down the barriers
of family or race or prejudice and to
build a greater commonwealth of all
  A CHAT WITH YOU—Continued.

mankind ? Is it not a tribute to the
truth and vitality of that spirit that,
in spite of war or disaster, in spite of
shifting philosophies and failing creeds,
Christmas is the one universal holiday
still observed over all the world?

a a

'■jp HE principles of Christianity are
something quite beyond professed
religion or formal creed. To deny their
force and truth to-day, in the presence
of the terrible struggle of a world war,
is easy. So is it easy to deny the fact
that honesty is the best policy in the
face of a successful bank burglary.
Christianity may fail in appearance now
as it has in the past. Like all great
truths, it needs time and breadth of
application to prove its veracity. If
there were only one believer in the doc-
trines of unselfishness, forgiveness, and
consideration in the world, he would
scarce live a day. The wider spread
the application of the idea, the truer it
becomes. For centuries the charm, the
artistic and spiritual beauty of the
spirit kept it alive. The time is com-
ing when it will shine forth as a living,
practical truth, even in the literal sense.
Thousands died for it, protesting to the
last the greatness and truth of the con-
ception. Now it becomes evident that
it is more than a help to a noble death ;
it is the finest and happiest way to live.

a a

WE. like Christmas best because it
is the most significant of Chris-
tian holidays. A celebration of the
awakening of nature from the death-
like sleep of winter, long antedated our
Easter, and is as old as Thor and Odin
themselves. They had temples and re-

ligious services long before Abraham
founded his race. Ra and Osiris, Zeus
and Apollo, sun gods and earth divini-
ties have been prayed to and sung to
from time immemorial, and some of
our meaningless customs date back to
such misty days. The little tassels on
the umbrella that always get in the way
were originally acorns. Acorns come
from the oak, and the oak was sacred
to Zeus, who threw the thunderbolts,
so they were a great protection in a
thunderstorm. Christmas, however, is
a newer idea. The thought of “good
will to all mankind” is so new that we
are still struggling with the conception.
We can't, of course, live up to it or feel
it all year, just yet. But for one day
we ought to do it and have a good time
doing it, too.

if a

JS it practical to interrupt our daily
business, to decorate house and hall
with evergreens, to give to those from
whom we expect nothing? If we go
through it as an empty form, it is mean-
ingless and worse than impractical,
for the . word without the spirit is a
mockery. If we can remember our own
happiness, if we can still feel the glow
of gratitude, we do well to try to con-
vey it to others. We are helping to
keep bright and inviolate one of the
good gifts that, once received, none but
our'selves can ever deprive us of.

  Three wise men came out of the east
to Bethlehem. And they brought with
them gifts—gold, frankincense, and
myrrh. Perhaps the symbolism of the
gifts was the best proof of the wisdom
and prescience of the magi. And per-
haps we are wisest when we bring gifts
at Christmas time.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

Is Your Brother a Shooter?

fIVE him a Christmas token that
will last — one that will recall
memories of the giver long after
the holidays are past, surprise him.

                  GIVE HIM A

                HAND TRAP

                   The Du Pont Hand Trap is a gift that every
               man and every shooter will appreciate. It’s a real
               machine, hand operated and simple, that throws
               all kinds of targets—high, low, fast, slow—from 25
               to 75 yards—the choice is up to you. The machine,
               not your arm, does the work. Great sport and fine
               shooting practice for both beginners and experts.

                       Costs $4.00 at your sporting-goods dealer’s. If
                       he can’t supply you, we will send it direct, post-
                       paid, anywhere in the U. S. on receipt of price.

E. I. DU PONT DE NEMOURS & COMPANY

WILMINGTON	DELAWARE

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
ENTER TRAPSHOOTING.

JUST at this time when trapshooting is
enjoying the full flush of popularity,
and the other outdoor sports are either fast
waning or have entered into their long
winter season of hibernation, perhaps a
few figures relative to the clay-pigeon
sport may be interesting.

  It may not be generally known, but there
is about $20,000,000 invested in the sport.

  There are approximately 500,000 trap-
shooters in the country to-day, 12,000 of
which number competed in registered tour-
naments in 1916.

  There are 4,108 active gun clubs in ex-
istence. 737 of these were organized in
1916.

  It is estimated that $4,000,000 is spent
annually for targets and shells, and close
to another $2,000,000 is spent by trap-
shooters for car fare, hotel bills, and other
incidentals.

« «

LICENSE FEES.

nPHERE is only one State in the Union
that does not now require a non-
resident to have a license. That State is
Arkansas.

  There are only four States in the Union
now that do not require a resident to pur-
chase a hunter’s license. Those States are
Maine, Virginia, North Carolina, and Mis-
sissippi.

  Every province in Canada requires both
the resident and the nonresident to have a
hunter’s license.

  For a record for you to keep we publish
the nonresident fee in every State in the
Union and every province in Canada.

  Maine, $5-$i5; New Hampshire, $15;
Massachusetts, $10; Connecticut, $10;

Rhode Island, $10; Vermont, $10; New
York, $20; New Jersey, $10; Delaware,
$10.50; Pennsylvania, $10; Maryland,
$2.75^25; Virginia, $10; North Carolina,
$10; West Virginia, $16; Tennessee, $10;
Kentucky, $15; South Carolina, $15; Geor-
gia, $15; Florida, $15 ; Alabama, $15 ; Mis-
sissippi, $20; Louisiana, $15; Arkansas,
none; Missouri, $25 ; Illinois, $10; Indiana,
$15; Ohio, $15; Michigan, $io-$25; Wis-
consin, $io-$25 ; Minnesota, $io-$25 ; Iowa,
$10; North Dakota, $25; South Dakota,
$i5-$25; Nebraska, $10; Kansas, $15;
Oklahoma, $15; Texas, $15; Montana,
$io-$25; Wyoming, $5~$25; Colorado, $1-
$10; New Mexico, $io-$25; Idaho, $5~$25 ;
Utah, $5; Arizona, $io-$25; Washington,
$5-$io; Oregon, 10; Nevada, $10; Cali-
fornia, $10.

  New Brunswick, $i0-$50; Quebec, $10-
$25; Ontario, $25^50; Manitoba, $i5-$5o;
Saskatchewan, $io-$5o; Alberta, $5-^25;
British Columbia, $5-$ioo.

  Where there is more than one amount
stated it shows the scale from small game
to the largest game, the maximum amount
including all game that is in season at the
time the license is issued.

THE NAVY RECORD.

T'RAPSHOOTING on United States

*	warships has been a popular form of
amusement for some time, and as a result
several of the officers have become experts.

  Paymaster F. R. Holt, U. S. S. Louisi-
ana, recently set up a mark that is likely to
stand for some time. The paymaster broke
97 targets out of a possible 100. This is
mighty fine shooting, and establishes a rec-
ord in the navy which, to our knowledge,
has never been equaled or surpassed.
       The first steamboat, the Clermont, built by Robert Fulton,
       was running on the Hudson when the Hartford» Fire
       Insurance Company of Hartford, Conn., began writing fire
       insurance in 1810. Throughout the entire history of steam
       navigation, from Fulton’s crude experiment to the great
       super-dreadnaught California with its turbine-electric drive,
       there has been an equally remarkable insurance development
       toward the present comprehensive

INSURANCE Service

OF THE

TWO HARTFORDS

       The Hartford Fire Insurance Company and the Hartford Accident and
       Indemnity Company write practically every form of insurance except life in-
       surance. For over a century Hartford losses have been fairly and promptly
       paid. The Hartford has helped rebuild New York, Boston, Charleston,

         Chicago, San Francisco and all American cities that have been visited by con-
         flagrations, Are you fully insured? Look over the list below and check
         the forms of insurance which interest you. Ask your agent or broker to get
         you a Hartford policy, or write to us and we will tell you the name and address
         of an agent who can give you rates and particulars.

The Hartford Fire Insurance Co.
The Hartford Accident and
Indemnity Co.

Hartford Fire Insurance Company. (Service Department U12), 125 Trumbull Street, Hartford, Conn.

Gentlemen: Please send information on the kind of insurance checked and name of Hartford agent to the name and
address written on margin of this mupon.

Druggijts’ Liability
Public Liability
Landlords' Liability
Fidelity and Surety Bonds
Golfers’

Lire Stock

Race and Show Horse
Dairy Herds

_ Fire              1 Motor Cycle            _J Accident and Health       
  Rent                Tractor                     Burglary and Theft      
  Use and Occupancy   Merchandise in Transit      Plate Glass             
  Sprinkler Leakage   Mail Package                Workmen’s Compensation  
  Explosion           Registered Mail             Employers’ Liability    
  Tornado             Samples and Baggage         Elevator Liability      
  Hail                Art Exhibitors         ---• Teams Liability         
  Automobile        _ Marine Insurance            Doctors’ Liability      

   liieyre comfortable
   that’s why they're
   sensible.

      BLEND

Cameron & Cameron Co.

      RICHMOND, VA.

LlOCfTT a MY CBS TOBACCO CO..SUCCESSOR.