                 / 13 CTs. N

                   STREET SMITH
                   , PUBLICATION .

BIG, CLEAN STORIES
OF OUTDOOR LIFE
L. L. COOKE, Chief En-
gineer, who has trained
thousands of men for Big-
Pay Jobs in Electricity.

  This Big New
  Electrical Book

FREE!

The 1926 Edition of my
big book — "The Vital
Facts about Electricity. ”
is just off the press! Clip
coupon now for VOUIi
copy — it'9 FREE! 112
actual pictures of Elec-
tricity at work—dozens of
success stories-what you
can do in this Big - Pay
Profession—you’ll find it
all in my up-to-the-minute
electrical book. Send for
it today!

vrrftmcrs

   about

ELrawcnv

Thousands

ofCOOKJZ
‘IrainedMen
Sam —

155oo to

t $10000

5\VONDfRFUL
    WORKING
    OUTFITS*

 Given without)
 extra charge!^^-

 The 'Cooke 'Trained Man, is the 'BigPay'Man!

 $I*C a “I make overS500 amo. Your
 _ ", ad started me to success."
 Week A. Schreck, Phoenix, Ariz.
 gnn(%, Paw“l now make 8 times

      /O roj1 what ! earned when I
 Increase enrolled. I used to pet $50
 *	a month; now it’s SiOO.”

 —Carroll Moeschler, Chaska, Minn.

          ©et Ready NOW
          for a Big Pay Job
          In Electricity-”Be an

Eiectrical Expert

I Will Train You AT HOME
In Your Spare Time

                                Don’t you keep on working for only $25 or $35 a week. Get into Elec-
                     tricity. Thousands of Cooke Trained Men who knew nothing about
                     . .	it a short time ago are now earning $70 to $200 a week as Electrical

 $9,000 Auto Electricity payg Experts—and they don’t work half as hard as you do. Why stick to
 a vM. (Yre over$9000avear’ your smaI1 Pay iob? Why stick to a line of work thatoffers nochance
 a a ear 5g -gn enroUe/ fo; —no promotion—no big pay? Get into the world’s greatest business.

I’ll show you how to do it. Get ready for the

 this training on his advice.

 Electricity needs you.
 big pay job now.

 Electrical Experts Are In Big Demand

 Even ordinary electricians—the “screw driver” kind—
 are making big money, but trained men—Electrical Ex-
 perts who get the top salaries—are needed more now
 than ever before. Thousands of Cooke Trained Men
 easily earn $3,500 to $10,000 a year. That’s the kind of a
 job you want—where you can plan and boss and super-
 vise the work of others or go into business for yourself.
 Get started towards one of these big-pay jobs now.
 Learn to earn $70 to $200 a week—you can do it with
 Cooke Training—recommended by more than ten thou-
 sand successful graduates. Just mail the coupon below.
 Employment Service —No Extra Charge
 1 will train you for a big-pay job and then help you get
 it without extra charge. Hundreds of employers look
 to me for the electrical men they hire.. Last year I placcd
 over one thousand men at big raises in pay. Hundreds
 of others were promoted by their employers through
 the help of my Vocational Service and other hundreds
 went into business for themselves with the help of my
 Special Business Training. Mail coupon for big free
 book which contains
 this service and 14
 other features,
 many of which can’t
 be had anywhere elso.

                          Age or Lack oE
                           Experience
                           Bars No One

                                  Yon don’t need ex-
                                  perience. You don’t
                                  ha
                                  man

 have to be even a high school graduate. As Chief En-
 gineer of this big 2 million dollar institution which does
 a General Consulting Engineering Business besides op-
 erating one of worltPs greatest Training Schools, I know
 just what training you need to make a success in elec-
 tricity. Let me give you that training with my simpli-
 fied complete home course — the world famous “Cooke

 Training”—built on my own 20 years of engineering
 experience with the help of nearly 50 other engineers.
 Learn to earn $70 to.$200 a week; only spare time heeded.

 ave to be a College
 ian. You don’t

My Training Pays for Itself

 You can start earning extra money a few weeks after
 you start my training. I {five you special instruction
 for doing simple electrical jobs in your spare time—
 show you how to get these jobs and tell you what to
 charge. Many of my students make as high as $25 a
 week extra this way while studying. My course more
 than pays its own way.

Your Satisfaction Guaranteed
I am so sure I can make you a big success in Electricity,

 just like I have done for the men whose pictures you see hero
 and thousands of o.hers who now boost my training, that 1 will
 “ "	signed, money-back guar-

 guaranteo your satisfaction with a
 antco bond. If my training doesn't

                                satisfy you after you have
                                _’ou pay me.
                                guarantee.

Get Started Now — Mail Coupon

 Get my big free book — “The Vital Facts about Elec-
 tricity. Head about the success of hundreds of other men—
 men who recommend this training and whose names and ad-
 dresses aro given in my book. Get the real dope about your
 opportunities in Electricity, See how easy it is to get started on
 the road to jobs that pay S70 to $200 a week. Don t deny your-
 self this chance to make big money. Get the facta now—Mail

               Cojpon at once for facts and my guarantee.

      L. L. COOKE, Chief Engineer,

CHICAGO ENGINEERING WORKS, Inc
Dept. 7A
2150 Lawrence Ave.,

         Chicago, Illinois #	-...................—......

                                               ^ Send me at once, without obligation, your
                                            * * big illustrated book and complete details of
                                            * your Home Study Course in Electricity, including
                                            your outfit and employment service offers.

L. L. COOKE, Chief Engineer,
CHICAGO ENGINEERING WORKS,
Dept. 7 A

 2150 Lawrence Ave., Chicago, Illinois

 Name .

 Address.

 Occupation.
A I) VER 71 SIN G SE C '17 ON

HAVE YOU
ITS SECRET?

It’s something that cannot be put
down, black on white; you cannot
touch it, it’s hard to analyze. And yet
everyone recognizes it when he sees it.

“It” is that thing which gives you
self-confidence, wins instant friend-
ship, leads to sure success. “It” is
charm.

Here’s a book that discloses many
of the secrets of charm, of the art of
gracious living.

“The Book of Etiquette”

By LAURA ALSTON BROWN

  It’s the one indispensable etiquette book for busy men and women
who realize the importance of correctness in business, social and private
life. For every activity, from christening parties to conduct in public, this
exceptional book acts as your counselor and friend. It is the last word
in the building up of a personality that will have about it that mysterious
quality that we know as charm.

Some of the subjects it deals with are:

Announcing the Engagement—Outfitting the Bride—Wedding Invitations—

Celebrating the Wedding—Entertaining—Calling Customs—Introductions—
Visiting Cards—Traveling—Cultivating Personality.

PRICE ONE DOLLAR

  Ask your dealer for " 1 HE BOOK OF ETIQUETTE” to-day or send one
dollar to the publishers.

STREET & SMITH CORP., 79 Seventh Ave., New York

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisement?
Western Story Magazine

              EVERY WEEK

Vol. LXI	Contents for June 5, 1926	No. 2

                    TWO NOVELETTES
That’s Funny! . .	F. R. Buckley ... 1

       (A Peg Leg Garfield Story)

When Chucklin’ Kid Didn’t Chuckle . W. D. Hoffman . . 53

                     TWO SERIALS

Trail of the Stone-that-shines	. Peter Henry Morland. . 30

      A Six-part Story Pari Two

Homely Hunter of Ghost River . . Clem Yore .... 69

      A Four-part Story—Part Four

                      FIVE SHORT STORIES

Greener Than Spruce . . . Herbert Farris . .	.91

The Bridge Across the Canyon . . Austin Hall .	.	.101

Old Bill Rebels .... Frank Richardson Pierce	. 113

Just a Cow Horse .... Ray Humphreys .	.	.119

Teeth of the Desert. . . Kenneth Gilbert .	.	.127

                     TWO ARTICLES

Your Dog ..... David Post .	.	.100

       (The Welsh Springer)

Pioneer Towns of the West	. Erie Wilson . . .110

       (Trinidad)

                    MISCELLANEOUS

Wild Animals of North America (The Fisher) 29 The Sands of Time . . . . .112

Rivals Peg Leg Garfield	.	. 52 Navajos Protest Payment for Bridge Building I 12

Coloradans Opposed to rerpetual (_>razing	„

    Permits ...... 68 Bear Tail Makes Big Medicine . . .118

Noted Indian Scout Passes On .	.99 Wealthy Indian Spendthrifts . . .126

                   DEPARTMENTS

The Round-up .... The Editor	.	.	.134

The Hollow Tree . . . Helen Rivers	.	.	.137

Where to Go and How to Get There . John North .	.	.	. 1 40

Missing . . . . . . . .	.	.	.142

Publication issued every week liy Street & Smith Corporation. 79-89 Seventh Avenue. New York City. Ormond G.
Smith. President; George C. Smith, Vice President and Treasurer; George C. Smith Jr.. Vice President; Ormond V.
Gould, Secretary. Copyright, 1926, by Street Smith Corporation, New York. Copyright, 1928, by Street & Smith
Corporation, Great Britain. All Rights Reserved. Publishers everywhere are cautioned against using any of the
contents of this magazine either wholly or in part. Entered as Second-class Matter. September 4, 1917, at the Post
Office at New York, N. Y., under Act of Congress of March 3, 1879. Canadian Subscription, $7.50. Foreign, $8.50.
WARNING—Do not subscribe through agents unknown to you. Complaints are daily made by persons thus victimized.
IMPORTANT—Authors, agents, and publishers are requested to note that this corporation does not hold itself respon-
sible for loss of unsolicited manuscripts while at this office or in transit; and that It cannot, undertake to hold
uncalled-for manuscripts for a longer period than siS months. Jf the return of manuscript is expected, postage
should be inclosed.

YEARLY SUBSCRIPTION, $6.00	SINGLE COPIES, 15 CEIVTS
ADVERTISING SECTION

One Dollar

  Like Finding Money

Thousands upon thousands
of men buy Topkis and say
it is like finding money.

  These are men who once paid
high prices for underwear.

   They wanted fine fabrics. Soft
to the touch, yet durable and
long wearing.

  They wanted a garment cut
on generous lines — plenty of
freedom for action.

  They wanted workmanship:
the niceties of finish that add so
much to comfort.

   Then, at last, they found it
all in Topkis—the union suit for
One Dollar. Ask your dealer!

Athletic

Men’sUnionSuus,$1.00.
Men’s Shirts and Draw-
ers, Boys' Union Suits
and Children’s Waist
Union Suits, 75c each.
In Canada,Men’s Union
Suits, $1.50.

Write for free illustrated
booklet.

AT THE TOP OF UNDERWEAR FAME STANDS THE TOPKIS NAME

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements
ADVERTISING SECTION

GOOD READING

BY

 CHARLES HOUSTON

  “We novelists are the showmen of
life,” said a famous English writer
once, putting in other words Shake-
speare’s comment on holding the mirror
up to nature; and to be sure it is the
writing people who show us how thrill-
ing a thing life can be. They can come
with their little words on paper into
our commonplace surroundings and
change drab existence into glorious ad-
venture. They can take us away with
them on desperate affairs, send us to
face the most overwhelming odds, give
us romance within book covers that
transforms all our workaday world.

  It is sheer nonsense to say that we
Americans are not romantic, that we
spend all our time in pursuit of the
almighty dollar. As a matter of fact,
we ar the most romantic of all peo-
ples on the face of the earth to-day.
Compared with us, most Europeans are
a skeptical, cold, materialistic breed. It
may be because we are younger than
Europe, because it is still possible for
us to cherish the illusions of youth.

  Whatever the cause, it is true that we
sit at the feet of our story-tellers and
listen to their romancing, just as little
children gather round some beloved
maker of magic.

  This is nothing to be ashamed of.
We have our achievements in the world
of material things. We are unsurpassed
in the matter of industry, of organiza-
tion, of invention. Ours is the right,
then, to dream a little, if we will, to
find in good fiction escape from modern
struggle and strife.

  To meet the need that is in all of
us for romance, a great publishing house
has called on the best of the fiction writ-
ers of the day, giving them free play
to let their fancy wander, asking that
they tell us stories that will hold us
in their spell.

  Here are reviewed some of the most
recent books which that house has pub-
lished. They are books about the great
West, books of mystery, fine, clean love
stories. They are Chelsea House books,
your guarantee of good reading. The
four mentioned here may be had from
any reputable bookseller in your neigh-
borhood. Ask your dealer or write to
Chelsea House, 79 Seventh Avenue,
New York, for a complete list of these
books.

XT 7 and a of the White Sage, by Roy Ul-
rich. Price 75 cents. Published by
Chelsea House, 79 Seventh Avenue, New York
City.

Continued on 2nd page following

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements
ADVERTISING SECTION

 Shanghaied!

  Certain big business interests wanted
Sid Livingston out of the way for a while.
That was how he came to be shang-
haied on board the clipper-built schooner,
Colleen Bawn, for a voyage to the Pribilof
Islands, in Bering Sea.

  As you follow Sid Livingston in his
adventures, you have the sense of being at
sea; you live with the scoundrelly crew of
the Colleen Bawn; the tang of the ocean
brine is in your nostrils; the spindrift
lashes your face; you feel the heave and
surge of the deck beneath your feet.
You participate in Livingston’s desperate
perils and his attempt at escape—one of
the most dramatic episodes in sea fiction.

The Cruise

of the

ColleenBawn

Frank
Carruth ers

   Author o7^

*Terror I^s/ond*

Glorious Adventure

fills the pages of “The Cruise of the Colleen
Bawn”—adventure that will make the blood
run fast and cause the pulse to quicken, that
will set the nerves atingle.

Readers who like a good sea yarn will be
delighted with this work of Frank Carruthers.
It has all the thrill of an old-time pirate
romance, with the novelty of being laid at
the present time. The story is filled with
drama, action, and tense situations. Men
are tested by the sea as by no other element.
In its grip, weaklings rise to the heights of
heroism, while physical giants quail before
its terrors. Frank Carruthers has made a fine
contribution to the literature of the sea in
writing “The Cruise of the Colleen Baiun.”

A VIVID TALE THAT WILL LIVE IN THE MEMORY LONG
AFTER THE BOOK HAS BEEN LAID ASIDE

$2.00 NET. AT YOUR BOOKSELLER’S

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements
ADVERTISING SECTION

 Into a boarding house, where young Dan
Chadwick was dreaming dreams of high ad-
venture, walked a beautiful girl—a stranger to
Dan, though she said she knew him.

  Before they had spoken together for five
minutes, she offered Dan a job that carried
with it a retaining fee of §25,000 a year and
all the adventure he wanted. Then, before he
could catch his breath, she bluntly informed
him that part of the job was to marry her.

  Mr. Ulrich in this fast-moving story whirls
his readers . into one amazing situation after
another. If you like books with real pace
and go to them, “Wanda of the White Sage”
was written for you. It is a love and adven-
ture story of the finest type, one that I have
no hesitancy in recommending to the most
“choosy” of my readers.

7V/Tr. Chang of Scotland Yard, by A. E.

     Apple. Price 75 cents. Published by
Chelsea House, 79 Seventh Avenue, New York
City.

  “A murder without a motive is the height of
stupidity,” thus spoke the remarkable Mr.
Chang when finally his pursuers caught up
with him. But there were many real motives
(behind certain of the strange deeds of Mr.
Chang that were far from stupid. The story
of the unraveling of these motives that set into
action this debonair, quick-thinking Oriental is
a fascinating one. How well Mr. Apple tells
it! He leads you on from one exciting scene
to another in masterly style. He makes you
hate and admire and almost respect his out-
standing character. For those whose appetite
for detective stories has become a bit jaded, I
recommend “Mr. Chang of Scotland Yard” as
a first-class fillip.

Dack of Beyond, an Adventure Story, by
Ethel Smith Dorrance and James French
Dorrance. Price 75 cents. Published by Chel-
sea House, 79 Seventh Avenue, New York
City.

 Do you know what a “chechahco” is? Not
to keep you in suspense, it is the Yukon ex-
pression for tenderfoot; and Doctor Kirkland
and his daughter were all of that. Otherwise,
they would never have insisted on pushing on
to Back of Beyond Valley in the middle of
a raging Yukon winter. No one could dissuade
them, however, and the adventures that befell
them make a thrilling story of the great North,
the sort of yarn that you like to read stretched
out in comfort away from the heat of an ap-
proaching summer. The book is the tale of as
intricate a crime as ever the Canadian Mounted
were called on to solve. How well they did
the job is for you to say. I think you will
agree at the end that here is a smashing and
unusual story of real folks in a real situation.

f I ,'he Wagon Boss, a Western Story, by
Emart Kinsburn. Price 75 cents. Pub-
lished by Chelsea House, 79 Seventh Avenue,
New York City.

 Those who have read Emart Kinsburn’s
“Boss of Camp Four” will remember a cer-
tain delightful character in that book called
Chet Fanning. Those who have never met
Chet now have the chance to see him in very
lively action. There’s a conspiracy to ruin
Chet's boss, the famous “Spookmule” Paxton,
and Chet goes right after the conspirators.
The result is a book that once more gives life
and color to the picturesque scenes of the con-
struction camps of the West. An unforgetable
yarn that should be in your library.

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements
ADVERTISING SECTION

the materials for a complete home

 direct from the manufacturer and save four
 profits, on lumber, millwork, hardware, labor.

 Price includes all lumber cut to fit; highest grade interior

 woodwork, siding, flooring, windows, doors, glass, paint,
 hardware, nails, lath, roofing, with complete instructions
 and drawings. Freight paid to your station. Permanent
 Homes—NOT PORTABLE. Many styles of year'round dwell-
 ings, summer cottages and garages to choose from. Write
 nearest mill today for FREE Money-Saving Catalog No. 212.

THE ALADDIN CO., Sft&ASft

 Wilmington! North Carolina; Portland, Oregoni Toronto, Ontario

practical

^	H I 8	fn 19 wppUs. Mnasiva flip

Ml"

                                         To the
                                         Great
                                         . Shops
                                         ofCoyne

...... .. ical course

                      In 12 weeks. Massive electrical
                      equipment.

Learn Electricity

       Enter anytime. Special limited offer. Auto and
  Radio Courses FREE. Send for big free catalog NowI
  COYNE ELECTRICAL SCHOOL-Dapt. *1*1
  1300 - 1310 West Harrison Street. Chicago, Illinois

FAT

GET RID
  OF YOUR

Free Trial Treatment

 Sent on request. Ask for my "pay-when-reduced”
 offer. I have successfully reduced thousands of per-
 sona without starvation diet or burdensome exercise,
 often at a rapid rate. Let mo send you proof at my
 expense.

Dr. R. NEWMAN, Licensed Physician

State of New York, 286 Fifth Avenue. N. Y., Desk M

 BLACKHEADS'ECZEMA

PIMPLES

 Your Skin Gan Be Quickly Cleared of!

 Pimples, Blackheads, Acne Eruptions on
 the face or body, Barbers Itch, Eczema,
 Enlarged Pores and Oily or Shiny Skin.

 m m-tr- Write today for my FREE BOOKLET,
 IrnCC "A Clear-Tone Skin.” tolling how 1
 - *	cured myself after beinpr afflicted 15 years.

  $1000 Cash says I can clear your shin of the above blemishes.

 E.S.GIVENS, 113 Chemical Bids., Kansas City,Mo.

Tire

AGENTS

WANTED

 Useand Introduce MELLINGER CORD TIRES

 15 OOO M,LES guaranteed

.	Lowest Wholesale Prices___

 in America. Shipped prepaid on approval. Make
 big money all or part time. No capital or ex-
 perience. Sample sections furnished.

YOUR TIRES FREES “S?

 for valuable FREE BOOK; tells how thousands have
 gone into biir business. SPECIAL AGENTS' OFFER. Whole-
 sale Prices and FKEE SAMPLE KIT. Write nearest address.

MELLINGER TIRE & RUBBER CO.	_

 Dept. 437, Kansas City, Mo., Dept. 437, Philadelphia, ■■
 Pa., Dept. 437, Oakland, Calif. WRITE NEAREST OFFICE

  “Four Raises in
  Two Years”

 “And it hasn’t been hard to get them, either. Why, it
 seems only yesterday that I was wondering if I would
 ever make as much as $45 a week. And now I’m
 making $75.

   “Tom Dawson was speaking about it today. ‘Gee,’ he
 said, ‘I wish I had started studying with the 1. C. S.
 when you did. Here I am plugging away at the same
 old job and the same old salary while you’ve gone ’way
 up. I bet you’re making twice as much as I am. And
 to think that two years ago we were working side by side.’

   “I told him it wasn't too late if he would only make
 the 6tart and he said he was going to send in one of
 those I. C. S. coupons right away.

    “I hope he does, because an I. C. S. course is the very
 thing he needs to get out of the rut. I wouldn’t be
 making anywhere near $75 a week if I hadn’t started
 to study just when I did.”

    How much longer are you going to wait before you take the step
 that will bring you advancement and more money? To earn more
 you’ve got to learn more. nd to learn more you’ve got to study
 In that hour after supper that most men throw away.

    One hour a day, spent with the International Correspondence
 Schools in the quirt of your own home, will prepare you for the
 position you want in the work you like best. Tut it up to us to
 prove it.

Mail the Coupon for Free Booklet

INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

 Box 2100, Scranton, l-enna.

 Without cost or obligation, please tell me how I can qualify for
 »e position or in the subject before which I have marked an X:
 BUSINESS TRAINING COURSES

                                    □ Salesmanship
                                    Advertising
                                    Better Letters

 ]Business Management
 ] Industrial Management
 ] Personnel Organization
 ] Traffic Management
 JBuslness Law
 1 Banking and Banking Law
 jAccountancy (including C.P.A.)
 1 Nicholson Cost Accounting
 j Bookkeeping
 ] Private Secretary
 J Spanish	□ Frcnch

   Sliow Card Lettering
   Stenography and Typing
   Business English
   Civil Service
   Bailway Mail Clerk
   Common School Subjects
   _ High School Subjects
   D Illustrating □ Cartooning

 TECHNICAL AND INDUSTRIAL COURSES

 ] Electrical Engineering
 ] Electric Lighting
 ] Mechanical Engineer
 iMechanlcal Draftsman
 J Machine Shop Practice
 j Railroad Positions
 JGas Engine Operating
 ] Civil Engineer
 j Surveying and Mapping
 J Metallurgy
 ] Steam Engineering
 lEadio

 Architect
 Architects' Blueprints
 Contractor and Builder
 Architectural Draftsman
 Concrete Builder
 Structural Engineer
 Chemistry □ Pharmacy
 Automobile Work
 Airplane Engines
 Navigation

 Agriculture and Poultry
 Mathematics

 Name.....

 Street

 Address..

 3-6-24

 City-

 State.

Occupation............................................................................................

  Persons residing in Canada should send this coupon to the Jnterna-
  tional Correspondence Schools Canadian, Limited, Montreal, Canada.

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements
ADVERTISING SECTION

Classified Advertising

Agents and Help Wanted

LIGHTNING STBANGE BATTERY
Compound. Charges discharged batteries
Instantly. Eliminates old method entirely.
Gallon free to agents. Lightning Co., St.
Paul, Minn.

 EARN $10 DAILY silvering mirrors, plat-
ing, refinlshing metalware, headlights, chan-
deliers, bedsteads. Outfits furnished. Decie
Laboratories, 1135 Broadway, New York.

 AGENTS—WBITE FOR FREE Samples.
Sell Madison "Better-Made” Shirts for
large Manufacturer direct to wearer. No
capital or experience required. B?*ny earn
$100 weekly and bonus. Madison Mfgrs.,
664 Broadway, New York.

  WE START YO'' if, BUSINESS, fur-
nishing everything; jen and women $30 to
$100 weekly operating our "Specialty Candy
Factories" anywhere. Booklet free. W.
Hillyer Ragsdale, Drawer 29, East Orange,
N. J.

  AGENTS, our new Household Cleaning
Device washes and dries windows, sweeps,
cleans walls, scrubs, mops. Costs less than
brooms. Over half profit. Write Harper
Brush Works, 201 3rd Street, Fairfield,
Iowa.

 AGENTS—$G0-$125 A WEEK. Free
samples. Gold letters for stores and office
windows. Metallic Letter Co., 428 N. Clark,

Chicago.

 BIG MONEY, FAST SALES: everyone
buys gold initials for their auto. Make
$1.44 on $1.50 sale. Ten orders daily easy.
Samples free. World Monogram, Dept. 12,
Newark, N. J.

  AGENTS—$75 to $150 Weekly to Intro-
duce "Chieftain” 3 for $1.95 Guaranteed
Tailored Shirts. Samples and full working
outfit free. Your Pay Daily. Cincinnati Shirt
Company, Secy. 1926. Cincinnati, Ohio.

  BIG PAY TO AGENTS selling Mother
Hubbard food specialties and extensive line
of other rapid repeaters. Mother Hubbard
Co., 558 Congress, Chicago.

 BIG MONEY AND FAST SALES. Every
owner buys gold initials for his auto. You
charge $1.50, make $1.35. Ten orders daily
easy. Write for particulars and free sam-
ples. American Monogram Co., Dept. 170,
East Orange. N. J.

  $2.00 AN HOUR FOR SPECIAL ADVER-
tising work among local families. Excep-
tional opportunity; pay starts immediately.
American Products Company. 6131 American
Bldg., Cincinnati, O.

Please mention

Agents and Help Wanted—Continued

  ONE CENT I POST CARD BRINGS free
solid gold stud offer to agents. Rajah
Raynbo Gem deceives experts. Raynbo Gems,
Dept. F 29, Salisbury, N. C.

WE START YOU WITHOUT A DOLLAR.
Soaps, Extracts. Perfumes, Toilet Goods.
Experience unnecessary Carnation Co.,
Dept. 2860, St. Louis, Mo.

MAKE MONEY silvering mirrors, reflnish-
ing auto headlights, tableware; metal plat-
ing. bedsteads, chandeliers. Outfits fur-
nished. In ernational Laboratories, Dept.
70, 309 Fifth Ave., New York.

$5 TO $15 DAILY (Sworn Proof) Intro-
ducing Macochee Guaranteed Hosiery. Must
wear or replaced free. No capital or ex-
perience required. You simply write orders.
We deliver and collect. Your Pay Daily,
monthly bonus besides. Macochee Textile
Company, Card 4506, Cincinnati, Ohio.

NEW WONDERFUL SELLER. Cost 10c.
profit $1.40, monograming autos. Lifetime
opportunity. Free samples. Monogram Co.,
B 149, Worcester, Mass.

Help Wanted—Male

ALL Men, Women, Boys, Girls, 17 to 65
willing to accept Government Positions
$117-$250, traveling or stationary, write
Mr. Ozment, 308. St. Louis, Mo., immedi-
ately.

$115-$400 MONTHLY PAID—Ry. Station
office positions. Free passes, experience un-
necessary. Write Baker, Supt. (ABM), Star
Bldg., St. Louis, Mo.

ESTABLISH YOURSELF—AT HOME—
As a Photographic Expert. Make $75 a
week while learning. Write at once for
Temporary Offer. International Studios,
Dept. 1404, 3601 Michigan Ave., Chicago.

EARN $110 to $250 monthly, expenses
paid as Railway Traffic Inspector. We se-
cure position for you after completion of 3
months’ home-study course or money re-
funded. Excellent opportunity. Write for
Free Booklet, CM-28, Stand. Business
Training Inst., Buffalo, N. Y.

MEN 18 UP. Railway Mail Clerks.
$1,900 year. Sample coaching free. Write
immediately. Franklin Institute, Dept. R2,
Rochester, N. Y.

MEN-WOMEN 18-55 Make secret inves-
tigations, reports, must be good listeners,
talkers won't do. Experience unnecessary.
Write Lugwig, 436 Wcstover, Kansas City,
Mo.

 this magazine when answering

help Wanted—Female

  $6-$18 A DOZEN decorating pillow top* at
home, experience unnecessary; particular*
for stamp. Tapestry Paint Co.. 110 L»-
Grange, Ind.

Farm Lands

 HERE'S YOUR LAND! $10 down and
$10 a month buys 20 acres of my best land
in Cent. Mich, for $400, or 10 acres for
$250. Write at once for free 48-page pic-
ture book. G. W. Swigart, X1265 1st Nat'l
Bank Bldg., Chicago.

Patents and Lawyers

 PATENTS. Send sketch or model for
preliminary examination. Booklet free.
Highest references. Rest results. Prompt-
ness assured. Watson E. Coleman. Patent
Lawyer, 644 G St., Washington, D. C.

 INTENTIONS COMMERCIALIZED.
Patented or unpatented. Write Adam
Fisher Mfg. Co.. 223. Enright. St. Louli,

Mo.

 PATENTS—Write for free Guide Books
and "Record of Invention Blank” before
disclosing inventions. Send model or sketch
of invention for Inspection and Instructions
Free. Terms reasonable. Victor J. Evans
Co., 767 Ninth, Washington, D. C.

 INVENTORS—Write for our guide book.
"How to Get Your Patent," and evidence of
invention blank. Send model or sketch for
Inspection and Instructions Free. Term*
reasonable. Randolph & Co., Dept. 412.
Washington, D. C.

 PATENT-SENSE—Valuable book (free)
for inventors seeking largest deserved prof-
its. Writo Lacey & Lacey, 719 F St.,
Washington, D. C. Established 1869.

Detectives Wanted

 MEN—Experience unnecessary; travel;
make secrct investigations; reports; salarie*;
expenses. Write American Foreign Detec-
tive Agency, 114, St. Louis, Mo.

 DETECTIVES EARN BIG MONEY.
Travel. Excellent opportunity. Experience
unnecessary. Write, George Wagner, former
Government Detective, 1968 Broadway,

New York.

advertisements
ADVERTISING SECTION

Sssspeed!—

The “Spectacular
Kid’s” Middle Name

He came a’galloping clown into the
Smith River County, this kid with a
killer’s reputation. And at his coming,
men trembled, for he was known the
West over for his sheer bravado.

Robert J. Horton tells the story of
this fascinating character in his book,
“The Spectacular Kid,” a rattling
Western yarn, told by a veteran who
knows how to make his readers sit up
breathless.

This is one of a number of treats
that are in store for you when you
follow the crowds that are buying
books with the “CH” mark on their
jackets.

Tales of the West, of Love and
Mystery and Adventures on sea and
land—you can have them now, fresh
from the pens of your favorites whom
you have followed in this magazine.
They are real books too—no reprints
of old-timers but new books bound in
cloth, with handsome stamping and
jackets and all for 75 cents. Ask your
bookseller to show you some of the
books listed below—

The Brand of

OTHER “CH” TITLES

THE LUCK OF BLIND GULCH........Joseph Montague

BLACK STAR’S RETURN............Johnston McCulley

THE GOLDEN TEMPTATION............Victor Thorne

BLACKIE AND RED....................David Manning

SOUTH OF FIFTY-THREE................Jack Bechdolt

THE WOMAN IN 919..............John Paul Seabrooke

MR. CLACK WORTHY..............Christopher B. Booth

THE WAGON BOSS....................Kmart Kinsburn

BACK OF BEYOND

Ethel Smith Dorrance and James French Dorrance

MR. CHANG OF SCOTLAND YARD......A. E. Apple

WANDA OF THE WHITE SAGE............Boy Ulrich

miSCA HOUSE

I I; v:' : :■( i. ■'V

        jii.__NEW YORK CITY

75c	75c

.Money-Malting
   Tools

 W' Tothose^
 ' who enroll in\
 tear future—took

 of any extra costy
 ^whatever. Also.a/
 jNdraftingr tablel/i
 S^Ac* now!

 CHIEF DRAFTSMAN DOBE.Div. Al-43
 1951 Lawrence Avenue
 Chicago

 Special Tool

  Offer

 Send me FREE and
 POSTPAID Successful Drafts-
 manship Book and material telling
 all about your home course, terms, etc.

Name......................................................................Age..

Address.......................................

P. O.............................................State.

I need YOU with 100 firms
BEGGING ME to send
them more DRAFTSMEN.

 Many offer to take BEGINNERS,
 at $50 a WEEK. Graduates can
 start at $90 and $100! GET BUSY!

   Draftingis the BIG field, men. Every Industry you
 can name BEGINS with the draftsman. Without me-
 chanical drawings—by the thousands—every shop in
 the land would be STOPPED.

   In fact, it is the SERIOUS SHORTAGE of draftsmen
 that brings this offer: I will furnish allinstruments,sup-
 plies, even tot he table, to those who start now/

DAY AC YOU	Don't give me the ex-

■	I	■ W WV cuse that you have no
ready money for this golden opportunity. I am not so
interested in cash; I want your application. 1 want at
least 200 men to start right now. I want them ready to
recommend by Spring I We will get a flood of letters
saying "send us draftsmen,” from every sort of indus-
trial and engineering concern, and we must make good.

    The first week's pay envelope of many a Dobe-trained
 draftsman has held enough to cover the entire cost of
 the course! Most students learn evenings, keeping on
 with their old work until ready to step into somebody's
 drafting room. The first month equips you to take on
 simple drafting jobs on the side. It helps you learn; I
 gladly permit this.

 Well-Paid Positions Every Way YouTurn

   A draftsman soon forgets the days when he used to
 wonder where to get a job. Instead, he asks “What line
 of work interests me most?" And "What part of the
 country suits me best?'' Twenty of my graduates went
 to Florida this year; three are in Japan; last month one
 wrote me from Ceylon. And I wish we had the count of
 how many Dobe draftsmen have become chiefs!

    Positions loom up almost as soon as you are enrolled
 In a Dobe class! We receive requests daily for junior
 men—for men only partly through our course. “We’ll
 take a beginner,” some concerns write us, "so long as he
 Isa Dobe-trained man and has begun right!' ’

 ■T’fC C fiCV amJ Interesting to learn drafting.

 ■	■ ^	■ For drafting isn't "drawing”! You
 don’t need any “talent.” A draftsman uses tools for
 every line and every curve. You couldn’t make them
 crooked if you tried! That’a why draftingis so easily
 learned—and so interesting. For you do everything by
 rule. So, I guarantee to make anyone a finished drafts-
 man; if you can read and write, you can learn this line.
 One of my students is 51 years old; another is just
 seventeen. But they'll all be making a grown-up salary
 by Springl

 WARNINfil The special offer of tools Is for
 linniilliUi immediate action. Don't expect
 me to hold it open indefinitely. Clip the coupon now
 for free book:

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements
ADVERTISING SECTION

 AINSLEE’S

A MAGAZINE OF DISTINGUISHED FICTION

Will offer in its

JULY NUMBER

Ann Veronica	A Serial Novel	by H. G. Wells

The Affair of the Mulhaven Baby A Novelette by M. Nightingale
The Curse of Eve	A Short Story	by Conan Doyle

The Stranger	A Short Story	by Katherine Mansfield

Lenten Loves	A Short Story	by Henri Murger

That Sort of Thing A Short Story by JD. Beresford
Two Hearts That Beat As One A Short Story by Frank Norris
The Gift of the Emperor A Short Story by E. W. Hornung
Pariah Fairy	A Short Story	by Arthur Mills

And

Another Anonymous Classic In

The Book Lovers’ Tournament

A contest addressed to people of discriminating taste and wide reading

The July issue of

AINSLEE’S MAGAZINE

On the News Stands June Fifteenth

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements
ADVERTISING SECTION

 The Love ol a
 Modern Crusoe

   You remember “Robinson Crusoe”—how
   you sat up nights with that great book, held
   by the romance in its pages. And perhaps
   you are thinking that you never can recap-
   ture its thrills.

    Well, there is a book about two castaways
    on a Pacific island and the strange adven-
    tures that befell them, that in one way isn’t
    a bit like “Robinson Crusoe,” but in another,
    casts the same glamorous spell over its read-
    ers. It is

Terror
Island

By

Frank Carruthers

   Ask your dealer for “Terror Island” to-
   day, and at the same time ask to see the other
   Chelsea House publications that are doing
   so much to give fiction lovers the clean,
   crisp stories of adventure and romance that
   are dear to their hearts.

$2.00 net

at your bookseller’s

niELSM MOUSE

I

                   [70-89 SEVENTH	r

                          * NE.W YORK CITY

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements

   21 Jewel * Extra thin

Studebaker

The Insured Watch.

 Direct
 from the
 Maker

OENT FOR.

down;

Only $1.00! The balance
in easy monthly payments.
You get the famous Studebaker
21 Jewel Watch—Insured for a
lifetime: a choice of 60 new Art
Beauty Cases; 8 adjustments, in-
cludingheat, cold.isochronism and
5 positions—direct from the maker
: lowest prices ever named on
equal quality.

Write today for FREE BOOK
of Advance Watch Styles.

Watch Chain FREE!

 For a limited time we are offering a beautiful
 Watch Chain FREE. Write now while offer lasts.

Mail Coupon for FREE Book

 Send at once and get a copy of this book—FREE!
 See the newest, beautiful, advance styles in
 Studebaker Art Beauty Cases and Dials. Read how
 you can buy a 21 Jewel Studebaker Insured Watch
 direct from the maker—save big money—and pay
 for it on easy monthly payments.

               for our free book. It will post you
 ** *	on watch styles and watch values.

 Send coupon at once. Get Free Chain offer today
 while it lasts.

STUDEBAKER WATCH CO.

Dept. M30 South Bend, Indiana

Canadian Address: Windsor, Ontario

["studebaker watch CO.

      Dept. M30 South Bend, Indiana

 Please send me your Free Book of Advance Watch I
 Styles and particulars of your 11.00 down offer.

 Name ■

 Address .
 City....
ADVERTISING SECTION

 Did you wear one?

 Did your buddy wear one?

TIN HATS

A story of “Over There” and “Over Here”
  See

  '{fpojmlar/i(h(fq^ine

               for June 20th

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements
ADVERTISING SECTION

Big Men

and

Big Books

If it’s action you want, the thrilling
stories of brave-hearted deeds, then ask
your bookseller to show you the fine,
cloth-covered books that bear the “CH”
mark on their handsome jackets. “CH”
books cost only 75 cents apiece.

There’s something doing all the while
in a “CH” book. These books which
have never before been published were
written for men who love the sweep of
the great West, the mysteries of big
cities, the conquest of man over his en-
vironment. Ask your bookseller to show
you these latest titles—

The Brand of
a Good Book

New

Books

THE WOMAN IN 919..................John Paul Seabrooke

SOUTH OF FIFTY-THREE..................Jack Bechdolt

THE WAGON BOSS........................Emart Klnsburn

MR. CLACK WORTHY..................Christopher B. Booth

BLACK IE AND RED........................David Manning

75c

Per Copy

HBLISHERn

TQ-SQ .UFVF.NTH AVE.S^

79-89 SEVENTH AVE.
NEW YORK CITY

Adjusted to the
Second
Adjusted to
Temperature

Adjusted to
Isochronism
Adjusted to Positions
SI Ruby and

  Sapphire Jewell
3$ Tear Gold
Strata Case

WONDERFUL QUALITY
AND STYLE

    HERE 13 a masterpiece— beautiful, yet so
    accurate and so perfectly adjusted to all
    possible conditions that the men’s watch
    is in use on practically every vessel of the U.S.
    Navy. The Burlington line is complete—the
    above model men’s watch — charming wrist
    watches for the ladies—the new rectangular
    •trap watches so much in vogue for the men—
    the “New Bulldog” for heavy service—in fact,
    a watch for every need and in a variety of
    designs and styles to suit the most exacting.

21 JEWEL BURLINGTON

     Nothing less than 2.1 Ruby and Sapphire Jewels
     would be worthy of this aristocrat among men’s
     watches—and yet the Burlington is sold to you
     at a price much lower than that of other high
     grade watches. To appreciate the Burlington you
     must see it. Every watch is sent on approval—
     with no obligation to buy unless yon are delighted.

ROCK-BOTTOM PRICES

    You make easy monthly payments at our rock-
    bottom price. Write for our beautiful Burlington
    Book. It is sent free and shows in colors the
    most complete assortment of watch styles and
    exquisite designs ever brought together under
    one cover. It also tells how to avoid pur-
    chasing over-priced watches.

WRITE Mail the coupon for our Burling-

- ton Book. No matter what your

     occupation or taste may be, you cannot fail to
     find in this beautiful free book a watch especially
     suited to you. Write TODAY!

......................

; sPgSS? co............

• book _____("'Jthout	-1 ‘nnipep.

 13

book on	oh,iS*tion andT	***”•)

 Address

- - - - --V« ........................ ...........

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements
ADVERTISING SECTION

liras purchased from us give real
vr.lua In service and mlleoge. ETor
years these Vulkote tires have been
Bold to Chicago Motorists who da-
innnd mlleaKe of Brst-clasa tires and

                      Bet it. So can you, besides look at
                      10 money you can save.

                      These tlreaara Goodyear. Goodrich*
 Firestone, U. 9. and other Standard makes. All used, but
 scientifically treated by onr Vulkota process m our own plant
 and should alva thousands of miles of service. ORDER
 QUICK before the"* sensational tire prices advance.

Lowest Prices—Morm Mlleago

         Tires Naw Tubai
30x3 $3.25 $1.45
30x3 1-2 3.25 1.58
32x3 1-2 3.85 X.8S
31x4as orel 4.00 2.00

» tn m

Tlraa Naw Tub** _

34x4 $4.75 $2.50 ■

32x4 1-2 5.00 2.7S ■

..........«» M a i

   Balloon*—All Sixo*—Wrlto For Price*	■

 ■	ABSOLUTELY NO RISK	■

    ■	SEND ONLY St for each tira or tube ordered. Balance 0.0.	■

    _ D. express or parcel post, 6 per cent discount for cash. NO	_

    ■	RISK. If any tire fails to eive satisfactory service, you will	■
    m find our adjustments absolutely fair. SPECIAL PRICES	■

    " TODEALER3. Rush Your Order Today.

   ■	VICTORY TIRE CQ.t 2131 S. Wabaah Avaiw* ■

  _ f Dept. 112_'_CHICAGO. ILUN0I1 ■ ■

 Picture=Play Magazine

The Best Magazine of
the Screen

 Price, 25 Cents Per Copy

 High Prices Paid
 for Old Books!!

  We are in the market to buy first
  editions and old books of the follow-
  ing authors. THE BOOKS MUST
  BE IN FINE CONDITION!

     Herman Melville, Edgar Allan Poe,
  Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Na-
  thaniel Hawthorne. Walt Whitman,
  James Fenimore Cooper. Oliver Wen-
  dell Holmes. James Russell Lowell.

     When Writing Please Describe the
  Books, Giving Date and Place of Pub-
  lication.

PHOENIX BOOK SHOP

  21 East 61*t St.,	New York City

   Go to the West!

   But if you can’t go to the
West, or if you do go to the
West, read

 True

Western

 Stories

   It tells you just what the
West is like. Its departments
tell you just where to go, just
how to get there, and just
what it will be like when you
arrive. These departments
also put you in touch with
others, not only in the West,
but all over the world, who
are interested in the open life,
in all things pertaining to the
great outdoors.

   Most important of all, True
Western Stories is filled
with illustrations and stirring
stories which truly depict the
wonderland of the world.

  True Western Stories
is published monthly.

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements
ADVERTISING SECTION

SEA
PICTURES

REPRODUCTIONS IN FULL
COLOR FROM THE ORIGINAL
PAINTINGS BY WELL-KNOWN
ARTISTS WHICH WERE USED
FOR COVER DESIGNS ON THE

Sea Stories

Magazine

Printed on Fine Paper and Without Let-
tering. Suitable for Framing.

Price, 25 cents each or 85 cents
for the set of four. Postpaid.

79 Seventh Ave.,

THIS SHIP. THE BENI. F. PACKARD IS ONE OF THE
SET OF FOUR DIFFERENT SEA PICTURES.

New York

 Size of pictures, 7 x 10 Inches.
 Printed on paper, si20 9 x 12.

  Yonr choice of the World's heat
  typewriters — Undorwood, Rem-
  ission, Oliver —fall size, lat»
  model, completely rebuilt end
  rennishad brand new. Prices
  ■mnaboa down to half. Act quick.

*2 and it’s your

  rTnnt sond;

  Complete FI

Actual photographs _________________________________

  ©Tory dotail of our direct-to-you amall-payment plan. Write now for
  tnmondous saving. No obligation whatever. Still time if you act now.

 International Typewriter Exchange

 ■08-183 W. Lake Street. Department 683, Chicago. (I.

 Hare Yon
 Ever Read

 Picture-Play Magazine?

      PRICE, 25 CENTS

 Bubbling: Over
 With Screen Newt

Make $2.50 an Hour

YOUR PROFITS IN ADVANCE

           STAY-PREST TROUSER PRESSER
           sells quick—everywhere. Thousands
           In use. Salesmen and saleswomen
           cleaning up. Sells on eight-minute
           demonstration. Reasonable pricc. 40%
           clear profit for you. You take orders.

                Wo deliver.

          Wonderful New Invention

              Puts perfect crease in trousers.

            Takes out wrinkles and baggy _
            knees. Easy to use—takes less than a minute.
            Folds into small size. Finely finished. Looks
            rich. Saves clothes and tailor bills. Every man
            wants one or two.

          Make Big Profits—Others Do

               Jack Ames made $24.00 in four	hours. Randle

               sold twenty-five the first day.	Mary Roberta

              made S10.00 in one evening.	Others making

               good in full or spare timo. So	can you.

 FOUR PATENTS FREE
 The Gctgey-Jung Co.. Dept. G-117, G. & J. Bldg., Cincinnati, O.

 Write us quick for free sample
 offer and full details.

Want $1900 To Commence?

      RAILWAY MAIL
  MEN-BOYS 18 UP.

Steady Work.	No Layoffs.

Paid Vacations.	^

 Common Education Sufficient.

CLERKS

     , FRANKLIN INSTITUTE,

     x	Dept. S 269, Rochester. N. Y.

       / Sirs: Rush to me without charge, (1) Sarn-
  ©' pie Railway Postal Clerk Examination ques-
  y tions and free sample coaching: (2) List of

Travel- See Your Country.

Many U. S. Government Jobs Opto to Women
     MAIL COUPON ,
     IMMEDIATELY

/

/ Name

 other U. S. government Jobs open to men and
 women.

 Address

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements
ADVERTISING SECTION

Spring final examiaatio

          Course: Bathing II (.Morning & Evening)

          INSTRUCTOR'S NOTE: This examination is conducted under the
          honor system and answers may be written in the bathroom.

n

X If you waste 5 to 10 minutes in
the morning chasing an elusive cake
of sinker-soap along the tub-bottom,
what happens to a soft-boiled egg
for breakfast?

^2 One man sings while he bathes;
another sputters in wrath. What soap
does each use, and why?

3 Of the 5 5 good reasons for using
Ivory Soap in the bath, which comes
next in importance after "It floats"?

■4 Bathers for nearly lifty years have
compared Ivory lather to (a) clouds,
(b) foam, (r) whipped cream. Can
you think of a better comparison?
(A correct answer to this question
insures a passing mark in the exam-
ination.)

5 If an airplane travels at the rate
of 3 miles per minute, how much
faster does Ivory lather rinse off?

PROCTER & GAMBLE

99%0%pure IVORY SOAP It Floats

                                       Jg uou. do ncrf oion- a.
                                       Ca&L ofi SotfUfr Scop,
                                       anx tn. cuJi ^cua.
                                       ■un^t to hunxl ycu. Am.
                                       ■p.tAA<rtuz£ caJtx c£
                                       StWUs

© 1926, by The Procter
& Gamble Co., Cincinnati

 s y j.

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements
Western Story

  Magazine

      EVERY WEEK
Vol. LXI	JUNE 5, 1926	No. 2

Tfiat’s Funny!

APeJ* le$ Garf ield Story by F.R.Bisckley

                           Author of “Peg Leg Fills the Jail,” etc.

CHAPTER I.

A GOOD LAUGH.

OR about three calendar
weeks, circumstances had
allowed me to revel in
the opinion which I
should like to hold per-
manently. It is—that
after eight years in the Texas Rangers,
followed by fifty as a sheriff, not to
mention various long terms as pro-
prietor of a general store, registrar of
births and deaths, station master, tele-
graph operator, freight agent and news-
paper correspondent at Three Pines, a
man becomes sort of vaccinated against

unpleasant surprise. I don't mean that
unpleasant events will cease to happen
to him, even after he has accumulated
seventy-eight years and a wooden leg.
It is merely that, having heretofore
been hit by every weapon in Fate’s
armory, he will be more or less used
to whatever she hits him with next. Of
course, such an idea is the bunk of
apple sauce, to say nothing of banana
oil. At the same time, I keep going
back to it occasionally, regardless of the
fact that it has always proved to be
the forerunner of some trouble hitherto
unknown in my experience.

Witness the afternoon on which I
start the herewith narrative. Sitting on
2

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

the porch of my International Em-
porium and Sheriff’s Office, smoking a
cigarette, and surveying the landscape,
I had run over in my mind all the
possibilities of dirty work for the im-
mediate future including the likelihood
of my going bankrupt, at last. There
could be an outbreak of rustling just
when I was due for one of my rheu-
matic attacks; Jake Henson might
quit the deputy-sheriff job as he’d re-
cently threatened to do; et cetera, et
cetera. I had come to the conclusion
that, while any of these things might
happen, neither they, nor anything else
I could imagine, were capable of giving
me that nasty feeling of shock, of hav-
ing been taken unawares, which is the
most unpleasant feature of man's battle
with civilization.

  Secure in this conviction, and a little
chilly at the approach of evening, I
had retired to the interior of my store.
I was using the counter as a reading
desk, in perusing the mun to odd vol-
ume of my encyclopedia, when a
shadow fell across the sunset light from
the doorway and then shut the light
rather completely off my book.

  Since there is a small window behind
the counter, I moved the volume and,
never for an instant doubting that this
visitor was a cow-puncher desiring to
swell his charge account with a can of
pears, a bottle of ginger ale, or some
such merchandise, I finished the article
on the nervous system before giving
the newcomer my attention. This took
about fifteen or twenty minutes, it being
a lamentable fact that the older a jasper
grows in an administrative office like
mine, the more he has to bust the book
of etiquette in the eye if he is to main-
tain discipline in his bailiwick without
too much .shooting.

  Well, finally I looked across the
counter, and what did I behold? Was
it “Pie-face” Lammermoor, Tom Lear,
Marty O’Donnell, “Two-toes” Trotter,
“Pee-wee” Nicholson, “Won’t-wash”

Walter Cowen, “Excuse-me" Bradley,
or any of the other fifty or sixty guys
I might reasonably have expected :o
see?

  No! Instead of any of these suffi-
ciently disgusting objects, my gaze came
to rest upon a tall, rangy jasper who.
though handsome, appeared to have
been run over by a stampede of two
thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight
cattle and who, in point of clothes,
wore positively no more than one shoe
and a shoulder holster. What inter-
ested and dismayed me more than any-
thing, however, was the fact that, in
spite of his condition and the way I
had accidentally treated him. this here
stranger was smiling with all his muti-
lated features. Indeed, he looked as
though it wouldn’t take much tickling
to make him burst forth into a loud
laugh.

  Taking one thing with another, I per-
ceived that he was certainly the victim
of some crime requiring my attention;
so I reached for my star, hat, and gun
belt before indulging in any idle chat.
Having got which appurtenances prop-
erly attached, I said briefly:

  “Well, and what happened to you?”
Honest, I thought he was going to
burst forth into yells of merriment; and
from what I came to know of him later,
I believe it was only the expression in
my eye that held him back.

  “I fell off the bluff,” he replied,
chuckling. “ ‘Dismal’ Danny Driggs is

what they call me, on account-”

  What did I care for his nickname,
or the reasons for it?

  “Fell off the bluff?” I asked, wonder-
ing whether his method of annoying me
was by turning out to be a lunatic.
“Fell off what bluff?”

  “Well, I’ve only seen one,” said he,
“and you can bet I wish I hadn’t

seen-”

  “You mean to tell me that you tum-
bled over the edge of that split rock
near Gold Creek?”
THAT’S FUNNY!

3

  “Well, it certainly was a rock and

it sure-”

  “Well, why didn’t you go to Gold
Creek for your medical attention,
then ? That’s only a quarter of a mile,
and you must have walked nearly ten
to get here."

  At this, he burst into a string of
chuckles. “By Gosh, is that a fact?”
he inquired. “Isn't that just my luck.
Honest, that’s a scream! There was
I, all bruised up and tired out and full
of bits of the Spanish bayonet I fell
on, startin’ out along the railway track
in the wrong direction, an’ walking—
tee-hee! Haw! Ha-ha! Ho-ho-ho-

ho-ho! I—tee-hee! Ha-ha-”

  “Why didn’t you look in the other
direction, anyway?” I demanded, feel-
ing surer and surer that Doc Brewer
would have to come over and ask this
guy how many blue beans made three.
“You can see Gold Creek from that
rock!”

  He stopped laughing, of which I was
glad.

  “Well, you see. with these guys shoot-
ing at me,” he said. “I didn’t seem to
have much time to look around. I
just beat it down the railroad tracks.

and it seems now that I—tee-hee-”

  “What were thev shooting at you for?

Who-”

  “That’s funny, too. I was sittin’
there laughin’ over a comic strip an’
positively payin’ no attention to any-
body or anythin’, when suddenly one
of these guys comes an’ shakes me by
the shoulder an’ says: Tf you are a
deaf and dummy, you put ’em up, too!’
He shoves a great big .45 gun under
my nose. Naturally, being startled, I
jumped up and pasted him one in the
jaw. Well, at that, naturally all these
buddies of his commenced shootin’, an’
1 didn’t dare fire back for fear of hit-
tin’ some of the women. Finally I

jumped through the window-”

  By this time, my brain was beginning
to spin around on its axis so fast that

I was getting seasick. Windows and
women and funny papers and split rocks
and mutilation and mirth—they were
beginning to make me feel I also was
crazy, “Shut up!” I interrupted, in-
serting my fingers in my ears. And
when he had ceased talking, I asked:
“Who were these guys?”

  “How should I know?” asks the vic-
tim. “fm only just arrived here from

Nev-”

  “What did they look like, then?’*
  “Well, all I could see beyond their

masks-”

  “Masks?” I demanded, with a con-
siderable sinking of the heart. “What
were they wearing masks for?”

  “It’s quite the usual thing, when hold-
ing up a train,” replied my informant,
patting his face back into position.

  I was all out of shrieks, so I just
stared at his still smiling visage and,
in a feeble voice, inquired what train
had been held up, and where.

  “It was the ten forty from Long-
horn City,” said Dismal Danny, “an’
so far as I had time to notice, it stopped
about a hundred yards the other side
of this here split rock I fell off. Yeah.
I’m sure about that, because it seemed
two hundred and fifty years before I
got to the edge of the precipice, and
what seems two hundred and fifty years
when you’re being shot at is just about
twenty-five seconds, and twenty-five
seconds is just about my time for the
hundred.”

  Well, I heaved a sigh of relief, and
at once got a better opinion of the
man’s mental condition. If he could
bring me such good news as this—
namely, that the robbery hadn’t taken
place in my county at all but where
it would annoy Ben Pokeson—obvi-
ously, he couldn’t be entirely off his
rocker. Nothing could have been more
rational, in fact, than the way he said
he was tired, reasoning out that a good
remedy would be to sit down, or that
his firmness in insisting that he should
4

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

pay for the bread, cheese, eggs, canned
meat, peaches, sarsaparilla, coffee, and
medical supplies which I now expended
upon him, He was accustomed, it
seemed, to carry his roll in the nose
of his holster. His beautiful considera-
tion for the women and children in the
train having prevented him from shoot-
ing, had preserved his fortune of eleven
dollars from being, lost.

  “As for the clothes,” he said, while
I got him the usual overalls and so on
out of stock, “I can’t pay you now,
but the minute I’ve got a job, I’ll be
over.”

  “One moment,” I said, taking the
phone and calling old Simon Bridges
of the Diamond B. “Yeah—Bill Gar-
field. Want to speak to Simon. Oh,
hello, Alice. Yeah, your pa. Thanks.”

  Turning to the young man, I asked:
“Have you ever punched cattle be-
fore?”

  His mouth wras full, but he nodded
and made a sound like “Montana.” So
that was all right.

  “Oh, Simon? Well, listen. I've got
that new man for you, just the very
one you were lookin’ for. He’s right
here—only got into Three Pines to-
day. He’s a bit battered, but nothing—
no, he hasn’t got a horse. Yeah, if
you want to send Alice with the buck-
board. Say, bud”—I turned to Dismal
Danny—“are you ready to take a job
to-night, Diamond B, old friend of
mine, forty and found?”

  “Boofleitch!” he answered; which I
translated as meaning that I might bet
my life on it.

  “All right,” I told Simon, “he’s
hired. Say, about my commission—
never mind it, old friend. Just give
Alice seventeen dollars and a quarter
for the clothes I’ve sold him, and you
may deduct the amount from his wages.
Don’t mention it. Pleasure. Good
night.”

  Feeling pleased with life in general
and leaving the receiver off the hook,

so that Ben Pokeson wouldn't be able
to call up and demand my help in the
catching of his train robbers, I stumped
over and sat down near the young new-
comer.

  “You haven’t been punching cows
lately, however,” said I, having noticed
that the remaining boot he had worn
on arrival was hobnailed and lacked
a high heel.

  “No. Matter of fact,” he answered,
gathering up a last handful of crumbs
and eating ’em, “I’ve been home-stead-
ing. Got the land hunger an’ tried to
eat the State of Nevada.’’

  “And it gave you indigestion,” I told
him, having heard the same story be-
fore.

  Well, would you believe it, he lay
back in his chair and chuckled! “Hon-
est, it was too funny,” said this peculiar
guy. “You know, I worked like-a dog
for two years, gettin’ the land fit to
plant. An’ then when I’d planted it
twice over, owin* to not havin’ known
how to do it the first time, the jack
rabbits got away with the crop before
it was two inches high out of the
ground. The calm way they’d walk
up an’ eat themselves fat—I nearly died
laughing.”

  While I stared at him wfth my eyes
popping, he chuckled some more. I
never saw such a guy. And he wasn’t
being brave, either, with this amuse-
ment over his own misfortunes. He
simply couldn’t help it.

  “Well, after I’d spent about two hun-
dred bucks on traps an’ poison an’ am-
munition, gettin’ rid of the jacks, an’
planted the whole layout over again,”
he w'ent on in a rollicking manner,
“what do you think happened, then?
Honest, it sounds too funny to he true,
but I swear I tell you no lie. Tfiere
wasn’t a drop of rain all summer, an'
every blade of everything I had planted
burned up to a crisp!”

  I couldn’t sit there dumb as a jug.
and the way he was smiling didn’t in-
THAT'S FUNNY!

5

vite an\- condolences, so I took a chance
and gave a titter.

  “He-he-hee!” I giggled insincerely.

  He laid his hand on my knee. “Yeah,
but wait a minute,” he said eagerly.
“I got right to work with a couple of
borrowed mules—I'd filed on the flood
waters already—and I got to work, all
alone except for the broomies. I built
a dam fifty yards long, six feet thick,
an’ about ten feet high; all stone, mor-
tared, an' put together as nice as you
please. Took me eight months, workin’
fourteen hours a day. Well, what do
you think happened then ?”

  Well, gents, I couldn't titter any
more; I just sat and looked at him.

  “After I’d got all my crops in an'
cornin’ up grand, there was a fierce
rainstorm in the mountains, an’ the
floods came down like old boots, an’
the dog-gone dam gave about four
cracks an’ a pop, an’ away she went,
lettiir the water loose to wash all my
seed away! After all my trouble—I’d
actually laid stones by lantern light!
Gosh, when I imagine what my face
must ’a’ looked like, I could split my
sides. Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Oh-ho-ho-ho-
ho-ho ! Wooooof ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!”

  The point I wish to make is that he
wasn’t faking all this cachinnation. In
fact, after he’d kept this particular
burst up for about twelve minutes, he
was evidently in great pain with his*
ribs and the muscles of his face. The
only effect of my efforts to sober him
by rapping his knuckles with the stove
poker was to increase the spasms, owing
to my accidentally missing him once
and hitting my own thumb.

  After a little, I retired to the porch
and spent my time pitying him and
looking for the Diamond B buckboard.
It didn’t come for twenty minutes more,
by which time Dismal Danny had kind
of got over his amusement.

  Alice Bridges entered the Emporium
just in time to interrupt his laughable
account of how he sold his homestead

to a neighbor for two hundred bucks,
of which he actually got fifty.

 “Good-by—and thanks, Mr. Gar-
field,” said Mr. Driggs, after I had per-
formed the necessary introductions, and
Alice had remarked that she had to
hurry back home. “Anything I can
ever do for you in return, why let me
know/’

  Miss Bridges having given me the
seventeen .dollars and twenty-five cents,
I felt inspired to put forth merely my
standard request to new arrivals.

  “Be a good boy, and don’t give me
any official trouble,” I begged of him.

  “On the contrary. I’ll save you some,
if I can.” said he prophetically. With
these blessed words he shoved off, leav-
ing me alone and somewhat apprehen-
sive.

  I couldn’t figure out, at first, what
gave me this feeling of approaching
trouble, but at last the explanation be-
gan to dawn. Old Simon Bridges was
a nice old guy in many ways, though
foolish in many others. But on one
point he was as fixed as death 011 a
dead Indian.

  He wasn’t going to have his little
Alice pulling off any of these here
ranch romances, and wedding one of
the help. He had decided and an-
nounced that she was to marry a ranch
owner like her pa, and he stood ready
to enforce this rule with anything up
to a shotgun.

  Whereas I now realized that, though
Alice Bridges was herself a merry soul,
ready both to take part in any diver-
sion that was going, and to invent oc-
casions for mirth herself—her appear-
ance and my introduction of her to
Mr. Dismal Danny Driggs, had been
the signal for that gentleman to can his
perennial smile and adopt the facial ex-
pression of a calf with the indigestion.
Which obviously indicated—now I had
time to think about it—the beginning
of love.

  I didn’t sleep that night.
6

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

CHAPTER II.

A LITTLE SUNSTROKE.

TP PIE next afternoon., hot though the
day turned out to be, badly as my
store stock, freight receipts, and vital
statistics needed arrangement, and
threatening as had become the rheu-
matic twinges in my various working
parts, my fears forced me to put on
my working clothes, my peg leg with
the iron ferule, saddle up, and go over
to Bridges’. Had Simon been a Texan
born and bred, or this new hand of
his one of those young men that seem
to be manufactured by the dozen lot
and supplied through a mail-order
house, I might have taken my precau-
tionary measures by telephone. But
considering that the old man had spent
most of his life ranching in Oregon,
where things are different, while the
new employee had a habit of pasting
folks in the jaw while they held re-
volver muzzles under his nose, I thought
it advisable to have a few explanatory
words with both Simon and Dismal
Danny, each in the presence of the
other.

  This was not to be; first because,
when I reached the Diamond B, the
new hand was out somewhere on the
range; and secondly because, according
to “Si” Bridges, nothing needed ex-
planation on either side, except Bridges’
astonishing good luck in hiring such a
mixture of all the virtues.

  “I can’t thank you enough, Bill,”
said Simon, patting me on the back un-
til we stood in a cloud of dust. “If
I wasn’t well acquainted with your
sturdy independence of spirit, I should
ask you to accept a ten-dollar bill as a
recognition of your finding Danny for
me. But as it is,” he went on hastily,
“I can only express my gratitude. Hon-
est, I didn’t know there were any
punchers like him, outside of Oregon.
What you figure needs explaining about
him, is more than I can tell.”

  “Well,” said I, “he kind of laughs
a lot, for one thing.”

  “Is that a drawback?” protested old
Bridges, too wrapped up in his sub-
ject even to notice that we were stand-
ing in the full glare of the sun, and
me with my throat as dry as a lime-
burner’s wig. “Bill, if you’d had as
much experience as I have with punch-
ers who look down their noses if you
ask ’em to do some little extra thing,
such as riding over to Longhorn City
in an evening, or getting up an hour
or two early to dig a drainage ditch
that’s badly needed, you’d appreciate
having a guy around that grinned a
bit. He——”

  “Another thing,” I interrupted, look-
ing yearningly at the veranda where
Alice was rocking in a wicker chair and
drinking iced lemonade through a
straw, “I forgot to mention to him your
ideas about—er—your opinions con-
cerning—aw-’ ’

  “Not another word,” says Simon,
nodding and winking at me mysteri-
ously. “I understand. But he’s not
the kind of jasper to spend his time
dangling after the boss’ daughter when
he ain’t wanted. Alice is a sensible
girl, and what’s more to the point, Bill
—well, we’ll see about that in time.
All I’ll say now is, that Driggs is the
kind of puncher that makes a man
change his opinions about punchers.
Imagine a new hand turnin’ up an’
before he’s been here twenty minutes,
fixin’ to save me hundreds an’ hundreds
of dollars on ditch diggin’ alone.”
“How?”

  “Dynamite,” said Simon, “used in a
way I never heard of, though he says
it’s well known. Then again, you know
as well as anybody how I been laughed
at for tryin’ to protect my cattle against
this here hollow-horn disease.”

  He had indeed, there being, as every-
body knows, no such disease in exist-
ence. Up in the Northwest, cattle quite
commonly get their horns frozen dur-
Til ATS FUNNY!

7

mg the winter and shed them in the
spring—these relics being taken by
folks that don’t even know all horns
are hollow, as a symptom of some new
scourge. In Texas, where we don't go
in much for ten-below-zero weather, of
course the evidence is lacking, except
when a beef breaks a horn off in a
fight. And you can bet your life that
the Diamond B men weren’t in the
habit of reporting any of these dejected
members that they did happen to find,
however strict old Bridges' orders on
the . subject might be. Naturally
enough, they didn’t want to go scour-
ing the range on a false alarm, roping
perfectly peppy cows and giving ’em
pills or what not.

  ‘‘W ell," continued the poor old en-
thusiast, “this boy didn’t laugh at me—
no. sir! He knew too much. Seen
the ravages of the plague himself, work-
in' cows up in Montana. He says to
me. he says-"

  “Here he comes now. if I'm not mis-
taken.” I interrupted, still with one eye
on the veranda.

  After a moment, however, the optic
which was fixed upon the approaching
Mr. Driggs hogged all my attention
and drew its brother to join it; so obvi-
ously did his method of riding indicate
something radically wrong. It was, as
I have remarked, a hot day. Neverthe-
less, Dismal Danny had come into sight,
plying his spurs in an effort to reach
the ranch house sooner than possible.
T ie looked so desperate, and the clouds
of dust around him was so big, that
for a second or two, T absent-mindedly
thought of Indians.

  At a range of about fifty yards, he
saw us, wrenched his pony to the left
so hard that its rear legs absolutely
slipped and, as he galloped down on us,
raised his left arm, brandishing some-
thing in the air. I couldn’t see what
it was, and neither could Bridges, un-
til. having done a flying dismount—
after which his poor horse lay down

and rolled—the messenger flung the ob-
ject at our feet. Then we perceived
that if you talk of the devil, he certainly
will appear. The trophy was rlone
other than a steer’s horn, evidently’de-
tached from the animal’s head akid,
naturally, hollow all the way up.

 “I—found it—other side—Blue
Creek,” gasped Dismal Danny Driggs.

  Simon, staring at this sign of death
to his herds and ruination for himself,
gave what I can only describe as a
bass shriek. I myself should have re-
garded this as sufficient reaction to the
news, but Mr. Bridges didn’t stop there.
I must explain at this point, that he
is a gentleman bountifully equipped by
nature with white hair and whiskers.
He is the only person I ever met whose
hair would literally stand on end. In
the days before those “Scary Mary”
toys came into the market, and when
all of us boys around Three Pines were
younger and less dignified, we used to
have a lot of fun with Simon, telling
him some frightful news, such as that
the country was going dry. and watch-
ing his thatch defy the force of gravity.
He used not to have any whiskers in
those days, and 1 have got to confess
that the stunt he now pulled off with
their assistance, nearly keeled me over,
hardened as [ was.

  His hair started to stand up from the
crown of his head forward—that was all
right, and I regarded the phenomenon
with interest, but without surprise.
When, however, his goatee arose and
stuck out like a bowsprit, and his side
whiskers raised themselves into a posi-
tion that would have got him first prize
at a Persian cat show, even I had to
grin. As for Dismal Danny Driggs, he
gazed at his employer for some seconds
as though hypnotized, gave a kind of
choking sound, fell flat down on the
grass, and literally began to writhe.

  “The sun’s been too much for the
poor lad,” said Bridges, in a dazed
tone. “You look after him, Bill. Take
WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

him into the house. I've gotta--Hi,

you-all in the bunk house! You,
‘Reddy!’ You, Jones! What do you
think you’re doin’, you bow-legged lot
of food destroyers?”

  Naturally enough, the spectacle of
Danny’s flying arrival had wakened the
six or seven punchers that were off
duty, and they were now standing in
the doorway of the house. Old Simon
advanced toward them at a run, wring-
ing his hands and calling them names.

  “Get your horses!” he cried, jump-
ing back and forth in his indecision as
to whether to punch them all first, or
get the veterinary supplies and hit them
afterward. “You, Trotter—fork your
mule and beat it over to Longhorn City
for Doc Smith! O’Donnell—ride
around and get every hand on the place,
an’ tell ’em to meet me at Blue Creek!
Hop to it, you lot of paralytics,

  Honestly, he held me fascinated for
three minutes, at the end of which time
there was nothing to be seen of him
but a dust cloud, rapidly receding to the
south with five men, while Two-toes
and Marty O’Donnell receded with
equal rapidity to the north and east.
The thermometer was at a hundred in
the shade; the atmosphere had been
made a good deal warmer by the re-
marks of the boys as they saddled up.
Nevertheless, I stood there like an as-
bestos statue, until Dismal Danny
Driggs began to make gasping noises
and to tap me 011 the ankle.

  “Help me—into—house,” said he
faintly. “I’ll fry-—if I—stay here.”

  The way he’d laughed had probably
jarred all his pores open; so I picked
him up and commenced to assist him
toward the bunk house. In the door-
way sat Tom Lear, exempted from duty
by a sprained ankle, but obviously ready
to murder Mr. Driggs for old sakes’
sake. The body would, no doubt, have
been a nice present for the rest of the
boys on their return; but it was not

so to be. Before we were halfway
there, Mr. Driggs still making small
gurgles and snorting noises as I shoved
him along, there was a rustle of silks.
Alice came flying off the porch.

  “Where are you taking him?” she
demanded. “He’s to come into the
house. He can lie down on daddy’s
bed. I’m so sorry. It’s perfectly ter-
rible. Oh dear, how do you feel now,
Mr. Driggs?”

  If he had, as I confidently expected,
greeted this inquiry with a shriek of
laughter, this story would come to an
end right here. I was sure that, after
the way old Simon had affected him,
the mere sight of a member of the same-
family would be enough to touch him
off again. However, there descended
upon Dismal Danny’s features that
sweetly solemn expression which had
kept me awake all night.

  “I feel—weak, Miss Bridges,” said
he in a faltering voice. Immediately
she took him under the other arm, and
Tom Lear literally got up and danced
on his sprained leg. “I feel—kind of
—weak and sick.”

  “I don’t wonder,” said Alice. “Look
out for that gopher hole. Lean right
on me. Mr. Garfield, would you mind
running ahead and asking Maria to feel
under the bookcase in the living room,
and get out the bottle she’ll find there?
There’s just one drink left. Lean heav-
ily on me, Mr. Driggs; do, please.”
“There’s nothing so bad for sun-
stroke,” I said, “as alcohol.”

  Danny turned a real vicious eye on
me. “I don’t believe this is the sun,”
he gasped pitifully. “I think—it’s just
—exhaustion.”

  “Hurry, hurry!” cried Alice, as the
poor invalid tripped on a blade of grass
and staggered hither and yon.

  Weil, that was that. And there was
a lot more to it besides, such as Dismal
Danny’s being commanded—after he
had lain down for fifteen minutes—to
take the easiest chair on the porch,
THAT’S FUNNY!

9

and to ask for more ice in his lemonade
any time he felt it getting too warm.

  I don’t propose to go into the horrors
of what he got away with, myself, be-
cause it might be thought that I was
prejudiced on account of having been
made to play gooseberry and thus com-
pelled to start for home long before I
was ready. Instead, let me describe
Tom Lear’s view of the afternoon’s in-
cidents, as evidenced by his actions.

  Concerning this, I will state that,
when I dropped into the bunk house
en route for my nag, Mr. Lear was not
in the doorway, not sitting on a chair,
not even upon the floor. He had, in
fact, taken off all his clothes and gone
to bed; furthermore piling himself up
with blankets—despite the temperature
—until nothing was visible of him but
his nose.

  “Go away!” he mumbled, upon hear-
ing my footstep. “Go away, Bill Gar-
field ! It’s no use!”

  “Poor boy! I sympathized with him.

  “What’s no use ?” I asked, in the tone
I generally keep for the very best local
funerals.

  “It’s no use your cornin’ around,”
shrieked Tom Lear, flinging oft' the cov-
ers and sitting up in a high state of
rage and perspiration, “lookin’ the way
you do, with your sideburns and your
benevolent expression, an’ tryin’ to
make me believe you’re Santa Claus!”

  At this, his strength seemed to leave
him, and he sank down on his elbow,
gazing at me in a haggard manner.

  “There ain’t none,” said Tom hol-
lowly.

CHAPTER III.

“good-by !”

P\ESPITE cow-punchers’ reputation
for changing their minds every five
minutes, the prevailing opinion of Tom
Lear and the whole Diamond B bunch
when they came over to my store two
days later, to spend Saturday afternoon
eating canned fruit, was that Kris

Kringle was dead. Dismal Danny
Driggs had murdered him.

 “Though whatever anybody ever
called him ‘Dismal’ for,” said McTav-
ish Graham, who is a Scotsman and
very literal minded, “I dunno. He re-
minds me more of a laughing jackass
than anything else.”

  “You’ve got no kick cornin’,” said
Tom Lear. “He got the saddle on your
hawse for you this mornin’, when you
couldn't do it yourself. Now-”

  “ ’T’wasn’t my hawse—it was that
new mustang Bridges got the. other
day,” shouted Graham in a voice that
made me reach for the stove poker; “A
wild, ragin’ man-killer. An’ if he did
get the saddle on him, what did he
do when the nag gave me a little spill?
Why, he leaned up against the corral
railin’ an’ laughed at me until I darn
near went up an’ punched him in the
jaw.”

  “Well, why didn’t you?” I inquired,
knowing that nothing saves so much
ammunition as a good fist fight.

  “I would of,” said McTavish, look-
ing kind of hot and uncomfortable,
“only that—er—only that-”

  “You didn’t dare,” said Two-toes
Trotter, who doesn’t love Graham too
much.

  “Ouch!” yelled the insulted party,
suddenly putting all the fingers of his
right hand into his mouth.

  After which, tossing the poker lightly
from hand to hand to show my agility
with it in case everybody hadn’t seen
me swipe Graham over the knuckles, I
myself took charge of the meeting.

  “With your permission, gents,” I in-
formed the assembly, “we will totally
refrain from rising and hurling our-
selves at each other’s throats, not so
much on account of the possible damage
to our persons, which are of no value
to anybody, but out of consideration for
the furnishings of this International
Emporium and Sheriff’s Office, which
belong to W. Garfield, a just man but
10

WLSiERN STORY MAGAZINE

a stern one. Instead, we will behave
like little gentlemen, and if we have
any accusations against our absent
friend D. Driggs, Esquire, we will
cough them up in auntie’s hand.
What’s he ever done to you, for in-
stance, you Marty O’Donnell?”

  “Didn't he get us all sent out ridin’
around in a blast furnace two days
ago?” demanded Marty, dropping a
whole apricot on the floor and getting
so hot under the collar that he forgot
to pick it up again.

  “He did indeed,” said I, “but that’s
ancient history. If you were goin’ to
kill him for that, why didn’t you do it
right away?”

  “Well-” replied Marty, trying to

hide considerable embarrassment behind

a new apricot, “I—er-”

  Evidently, Mr. Driggs was appearing
even more of a bear cat, on closer ac-
quaintance, than he had seemed to me.
I was just rejoicing in this, because it
made my chances of having to step in
and protect him so much the less, when
a sinister voice from a corner broke up
the happy dream.

  “Why should we slaughter the gig-
glin’ hyena,” growled Pie-face Lamrner-
moor, “when we can get it done
for us?”

  “Ssssssh!” whispered a dozen other
citizens.

  One of the things which has kept me
alive up to the present date in spite of
my early birth on July 14, 1847, is my
remarkable ability to take a hint, how-
ever small. “So,” I inquired, bringing
the stove poker to rest—save for a slight
shaking movement—in my right hand.
“And who, if I may make so bold as to
put such a question, is the obligin’
thug in the case?”

  “Suppose you mind your own busi-
ness!” said Two-toes Trotter, putting
all his knuckles where I couldn’t get at
them, but entirely forgetting his knee-
caps. “Oh, curse your silly soul, Bill
Garfield, you’ve crippled me!”

  “Only for the moment,” I reassured
him, taking a firm grip of Pie-face’s
left ear. “Now, come, Mr, Lammer-
moor. Just the name of the gentleman
that’s to deal with Mr. Driggs for you.
Tf you want to add the date and place
of the proposed felony, of course, I’ll
stop twisting even sooner. But don't,”
I added, using .the poker a little, “try
to bite my wrist, please.”

  “It’s Aubrey Bleachmantle!” shrieked
Pie-face suddenly. “This afternoon—

at the Diamond B. Oh, Bill-”

  Pie didn’t need to plead with me; as-
tonishment had forced me to relinquish
my grasp.

  “Do you mean to tell me,” said I,
surveying the whole gang, much to their
discomfiture, “that a son of the Bleach-
mantle family, a disrespected ranch
owner in his own right, is thinking of
so far demeaning himself as to fight
with a mere cow hand ? It cannot was !”
“Oh, can’t it?” answered McTavish
Graham. “Well, unless I miss my guess,
it not only can was, but by this time it
probably has should! What the blazes
do you expect, when a big fightin’ guy
like Bleachmantle has been hangin’
around a girl for three months, and then
finds her ridin’ around an’ siftin' on
the porch an’ so on with a guy that
hasn't been in the country more’n five
or ten minutes? I wouldn’t be sur-
prised if he dotted old Bridges one in
the snoot, either, first sayin’ nobody had
a chance but a ranch owner, an’ then

the next thing you know-”

  “Well, I should be surprised,” I in-
formed him, putting on my gun belt,
star, and hat as usual, “very much sur-
prised and pained and angry, if any-
body has so far forgotten himself as
to dot anybody on the nose without my
permission. Come on. Take your cans
along with you and hurry to get out-
side.”

  “Where are you goin\ Bill ?” A wail
arose.

  “The Diamond B.”
THAT'S FUNNY!

11

  “But you yourself asked us why we
hadn't pasted him one!"

  “Quite—when you had reason to.
Bleachmantle’s got no reason to, except
that Miss Bridges don't like him any
more, seemingly, an’ for .my part. I
don’t see how she could ever have
seemed to, a great hulking bully like
that. He aims to pick a fight, and a
picked fight generally means a gun
light, an gun fights are my meat. Out-
side, now. an’ let me get this door
locked.”

  “We’ll go over to Timsy Geogehan’s,
then/' said Tom Lear sulkily.

  Since it is no use to mention my busi-
ness rivals to me when I am on the
path of duty, and since I knew that
Timsy wouldn’t charge more than a
dollar’s worth of fruit per man per
afternoon. I brightly told them to go
ahead. Then I mounted Tony and
started for the Bridges’ ranch.

  Of my journey over there. I will
merely report that the day was even
hotter and dustier than Thursday had
been. My arrival is sufficiently de-
scribed by the statement that no mur-
ders had yet occurred, though it didn’t
require any psychic gifts to see several
floating around in the atmosphere.
Bleachmantle and Dismal Danny Driggs
and Alice and old Simon Bridges were
all 011 the porch, and ever)' one was
glad to see me except Bleachmantle.
As to their states of mind. T would
state that Bleachmantle was obviously
ready to bite holes in corrugated iron
roofing; Alice and her father were so
nervous that they had respectively gone
pale and started to play snowstorms
with bits of paper. Dismal Danny was
perfectly, perfectly calm, though not
grinning as usual.

  “It’s a pity,” said Bleachmantle, after
some idle conversation between the five
of us, “that your face is all plowed up
by that nasty purple scar. Mr. Driggs.
You’d be real pretty, if it wasn't for
that.”

  I hadn’t noticed the scar when
Danny had called at my store, owing
to his having so many other brighter
colored and newer than the one to which
Bleachmantle alluded. However, I no-
ticed it now—a sort of two-inch dent
over his left eye.

  “Driggs is the name," said Danny
mildly. “D for dumb-bell, Mr. Bleach-
mantle. Yeah, that scar does sort of
wreck my beauty. Funny coincidence
—it was a criminal that made it, only
he didn’t have time to make any re-
marks about its appearance.”

 “Did you—did you—arrest him?”
stammered Alice, trying to stall off
calamity.

  “No, miss,” said Danny.

 “Oh, he—er—he—er-”

  “Got away?” sneered Bleachmantle.

  “No. miss,” said Danny, addressing
himself entirely to the starter of the
question, and letting the thing go at
that.

  I found out later that he’d served
two years as deputy to old “Eat-’em-
alive” Watkins, near Bishop City, and
only left because Watty couldn’t stand
being laughed at when shot.

  After this, there was kind of a sick-
ening silence which was frazzling even
my nerves, and which was evidently re-
ducing Alice Bridges and her pa to a
condition of positive idiocy. Neither
Simon nor Danny had a gun on,
whereas a bulge under Bleachmantle’s
left arm announced that he had one
anyhow; and while T was plentifully
armed, the veranda provided nothing
under which the noncombatants could
crawl.

  “Let's go for a walk!” cried Alice
suddenly, thus proving her state of mind
to be far nearer lunacy than I had
thought.

  With the bright idea of cooling us
off by means of a stroll through the
one-hundred-and-ten degree sunshine,
she jumped up from her chair. Her
leap was kind of unstudied and hasty,
12

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

not to say careless, the result being that
she caught some tuck, frill, fold, plait,
ruffle, hem, gusset or gather of her
dress on a curlicue of the chair, and
ripped the whole back panel out of the
thing, from her neck to her knees.
Luckily, she had her back to her pa
and me, who have both been married
men with grown-up daughters, even if
I haven’t seen mine for thirty-eight
years. The accident seemed to embar-
rass her a whole lot, nevertheless. She
backed off the porch into the house
with a face as red as a barn, and we
heard her go rushing upstairs to put
something else 011. Then, without a
moment’s warning, Dismal Danny
Driggs grabbed hold of a veranda pil-
lar and began to laugh.

  I thought I’d heard him throw off
a chuckle or two before that time. Now
I realized that, comparatively speaking,
I’d never met him except when he was
sunk in the lowest depths of gloom. I
figure that on this occasion he was made
worse by the nervous strain he’d been
standing all afternoon, and also by the
ghastly efforts he was making to hold
himself in. Every once in a while,
noticing Simon and Bleachmantle and
me looking at him disapprovingly—and
also knowing that Alice's room had a
window right above the porch roof—
the poor fellow would clap one of his
hands across his mouth and hold it there
with the other until the pressure became
too great. Then he’d blow up with a
yell you could hear in Salt Lake City,
Utah. There wasn’t any doubt that he
wanted to stop laughing. I distinctly
saw him pull a pin out of his lapel,
and sink it in his leg to a depth of
half an inch. But it was no good, this
here sense of humor of his was too
strong for him. Finally, he gave up
all attempts at control, and just hung
to the porch railing, bellowing his head
off.

  Father!” cried Alice from the head
of the stairs inside.

  It has always been my personal rule,
when hearing a woman use that exact
tone, to start singing “I Want to Be
Happy” at the top of my voice—and
go visit some other section of the
county. Old Simon couldn’t very well
do that, having no official business else-
where. So he ducked humbly through
the entrance door.

  After a little while, he came out,
looking palish and with his hair about
half elevated. He hummed and hawed
in the doorway for about thirty sec-
onds ; then . he walked over and laid
his hand on Danny’s shoulder.

  “I’m sorry, my boy,” he said affec-
tionately, “but—er—but—my daughter
—aw—my daughter—er—she—m’m

  “Probably has a headache,” suggested
Bleachmantle nastily, as if it was only
to be expected after the bombardment.
“Well, as for me, I’ll push off.

Good-”

  “No!” said old Bridges. “Not you,
Bleachmantle. Please stay. I want you
to join us—me—in a cup of tea.”

  Did any reader ever witness the spec-
tacle of a man looking perfectly heart-
broken, and at the same time giggling
and chuckling to such an extent that he
couldn’t speak ? I never had, up to then,
and if asked I would have bet next
year’s reward money to a Jefferson
Davis nickel, that the feat could not
be accomplished. However, it can, so
if anybody offers to lay money, don’t
take it. Dismal Danny Driggs pulled
off the double event with ease. I may
say in passing, that I never want to
see it done again. Though accustomed
to sad events, such as hangings and the
arrest of gentlemen with large families.
I haven’t been so harrowed up in a long
time as I was by the sight of that poor
boy. His afternoon ruined, all his
hopes nipped in the bud, and his rival
watching him, he went to the deserted
bunk house, still gurgling and holding
his ribs as he walked
THAT’S FUNNY!

13

  “Will you—er—will you stay for tea,
too. Bill?” asked old Bridges, evidently
craving company.

  “I thank you, no. I never drink
anything stronger than whisky in the
afternoon, and besides,” I continued,
turning my back to Bleachmantle and
using my lowest tone, “it seems to me
you might have done a bit more plead-
ing for that boy, if you’re as stuck on
his abilities as all that."

  “I did, Bill,” said the poor guy,
wringing his hands and drawing up his
lip in dislike of Bleachmantle, "but
she-”

  “And anyhow,” I concluded, hearing
Bleachmantle’s triumphant footsteps at
my back, “all I disturbed myself for
was to see no—that nothing occurred
around these parts, as you might say.
The cause of anything that might have
occurred being now removed, I will go
home and take my harness off. Good
afternoon, Simon; say the same to Alice,
will ya? Good afternoon, Mr. Bleach-
mantle. ”

  This is not the place to detail my
griefs against this latter gentleman.
Suffice it to say that in my opinion, as
in that of most other inhabitants of
Three Pines, he is a pale-pink son of a
gun. Accordingly, he doesn’t like me,
either personally or officially.

  “By,” he answered with his back to
me.

  “Good-by'what ?” I queried, having a
reputation to maintain.

  Do you know, he swung around as
though intending to be even ruder.
Only something seemed to check him
and change his mind; I can’t think
what—unless it was the gun I happened
to be holding in my hand.

  “Good-by,” said Bleachmantle, star-
ing at this.

  “And the rest?”

  “Garfield!”

  “But didn’t I say Mister Bleach-
mantle ?”

  “Mister Garfield, then!”

  “And the whole lot, in a nice polite
voice?”

  “Good-by, Mr. Garfield.”

  “Splendid!’’ said I, replacing my gun
as Alice suddenly appeared in the door-
way.

  “Well, good afternoon, Miss Bridges.
Good luck!”

  And so I went home.

CHAPTER IV.

A PJCNIC.

pOR the next five days, that is until
the following Thursday, I enjoyed
peace and quiet, enlivened only by a
rather acrid correspondence with Ben
Pokeson concerning train robbers. It
appeared, from Ben's remarks by tele-
phone, telegraph, and picture post card,
illustrating the Longhorn City Free
Library, that though No. 18 had been
tickled practically within the Gold
Creek city limits on the occasion of
Danny Driggs’ adventure, the ticklers
hadn’t seen fit to await Ben’s arrival or
give him a decent chance of meeting
them subsequently. They had, in fact,
taken to the Hurst County Hills, among
which Ben, being somewhat of a fat-
head despite his remarkable talents in
a free-for-all, had been totally unable
to find them.

  It was his view that, under the cir-
cumstances, it was my duty to raise a
posse, replacing the one that had called
him names and gone home. I should
place myself, rheumatism and all, at the
head of this organization; in short,
muck in and do his job for him. When
I remarked that I didn’t myself per-
sonally just seem to figure the thing out
exactly that way, his behavior and his
language over the phone became per-
fectly scandalous. Finally I had to
send Jake Henson, my deputy, over to
Gold Creek, either to conciliate Mr.
Pokeson or knock his block off, but in
any case to put a stop to his custom
14

WESTERN STGRY MAGAZINE

of calling me up at three a. m. and in-
sisting me.

  Jake returned at eleven o’clock
Thursday morning, having succeeded by
the second method. “However,” said
he. sitting down on the counter and
drinking ginger ale, “it seems to me that
we’d better be throwing one of our ex-
tra eyes around our own county about
now, Bill.”

 “Why?”

  “Well, you remember that general-
alarm sheet we got from Idaho a month
since—the one we laughed over, be-
cause there was no photographs of the
wanted guys, no finger prints, and no
description except of their clothes:”
“I’ve got it tacked up in the kitchen.”
I told him. “to remind me that hope
springs eternal in the human chest.
What of it?”

  “Well, of course it’s just a chance,”
said Jake, taking a long drag at his
cigarette, “but Ben Pokeson had that
sheet laid out on his office table when
I dropped in. and he seemed all-fired
anxious I shouldn’t get a slant at it."
“Why so?”

  “Five thousand reward for two of
the guys, and one thousand each for
two others. Murder and robbing the
mails. And what I could gather in Gold
Creek sort of tallied with what the
sheet said, Bill. Trainmen seemed to
remember two strange guys ridin’ back
an’ forth on No. 18, a week before she
was held up. This bunch is supposed
to spy out the land very thoroughly be-
fore actin’, which is why they ain’t ever
been caught. Then again, they were
masked from hat to chin—holes cut in
the handkerchiefs—an’ they wore gloves
so their hands couldn’t be recognized.
The Idaho sheet mentions that, too.
An’-”

  “Well?” I groaned. “What are we
goin’ to do, then?”

  Jake looked down his nose. “I fig-
ure this ticklin’ of No. 18 was just a
tryout of local conditions,” said he.

“The sheet says they’ve done similar
before. What they're aiter’s most
likely the pay car for the construction
works at Dead Man's Gulch.”

  “Shut up!” I told him. “The walls
have ears.”

 “Well, anyhow,” said Jake, “I
thought it wouldn't do any harm to
sort of absent myself from your side,
Bill, and more or less mooch around,
lookin’ for strangers with a taste for
train ridin’ hither' an’ von. ITow about
it?”

  “Fine!” I exclaimed.

  “You meanwhile stayin’ here,” added
Jake, getting off the counter and wiping
his mouth, “giving your well-known im-
personation of a genteel old gentleman
who really has no suspicions of any-
body.”

  “ ’Tis well.”

  “Then pip-pip,” said my deputy, leav-
ing. “Take care of the rheumatics,
Bill.”

  It was a warm day again, and all this
consideration on Jake’s part had filled
me with loving kindness toward my fel-
low man. Otherwise, having promised
to watch my health at all costs, I should
not have acted as I did half an hour
later, when a horse came to a disgusted
halt outside the store, and the miser-
able-looking figure of old Simon
Bridges entered, dressed in its best
clothes.

  “Hello, Bill,” said Simon, sort of
shrinking.

  “Well?” said I briefly, being still
disgusted at his actions the Saturday
before.

  “I want a dozen cans of sardines,
please, Bill,” Mr. Bridges suggested,
“an’—an’ a little sympathy, for Pete’s
sake.”

  “What for ?” I demanded, though in-
wardly sorry for the guy.

  “My daughter’s goin’ to marry that
Bleachmantle.” Simon moaned. “Bill,
he sat on my porch last night till all
hours, flatly tellin’ me that if I thought
THAT'S FUNNY!

15

there was such a disease as hollow

horn, I was a-”

  “Your family affairs don’t interest
me,” I told him, “since it became obvi-
ous that your daughter runs ’em. I
asked you what you wanted the sar-
dines for, so I can know whether to
give you the small silvery morsels of
deliciousness at fifteen cents, or the big
he-man’s fish, price a quarter."

  “I dunno. They’re for a picnic," said
Simon, abandoning all pretense of man-
hood, and burying his face in his
hands, “at which I’m listed to get up an’
tell the assembled punchers about
Alice's engagement. Look at my fancy
vest if you don’t believe me."

  I stared at his bowed head for some
seconds.

  “Will Danny Driggs be present?” I
inquired.

  “No,” replied the anguished father.
“All the other boys got the day off and
an invitation to the picnic, except him.
He’s out somewhere diggin’ ditches this
patent way of his, the poor boy! Oh.
dear! Oh, dear!”

  I slapped down twelve cans of the
largest sprats in stock and. in silence,
took three dollars out of five.

  “Anything more?”

  “Bill!" exclaimed old Simon in a
heartfelt manner.

 “What now?”

  “Bill!”

  “Yeah?”

  “Bill,” he repeated for the third
time, “don’t let me down. You had
a mother once, and if you weren’t bald,
you’d have snowy locks like mine. Bill,
don’t leave me alone with a daughter
that’s goin’ to marry a whangdoodle,
with the whangdoodle aforesaid, an’
with a lot of holiday-makin’ help that
knows T’ve had somethin’ put over
011 me.”

  “What can I do about it?”

  “You can put a coat on,” said the
poor parent, pawing my sleeve des-
perately. “an’ I’ll put the saddle on your

hawse for you. Bill, an’ shine your boots
up for you. An’ then you can come
on over an’ sort of hold my hand at the
picnic.”

  “No!”

  “Bill!”

  “No!”

  Because I am a poor, old, good-na-
tured fool, I went and stayed, although
I found the picnic being held in the
absolute dampest, most rheumatic part
of the Diamond B, a kind of rich green
basin on the shores of Blue Creek. It
was always flooded in the wintertime,
and in the summer gave off what you
might call a cold steam. But it had
picturesque trees around it, and Alice
had never had a day’s sickness in her
life, so that was the spot selected.
Simon and I came into it without at-
tracting any attention, save a dirty look
from Bleachmantle, and seated our-
selves 011 two live-oak stumps, while
Alice and some eighteen helpers, each
possessing two left hands, got busy lay-
ing the cloth.

  Simon regarded this much as I have
seen guys watch other guys putting up
gallows. “They’re gonna start eatin’
now,” said he hoarsely, “an’ it’s after
the sardine course that I’ve got to do my
bit. Bill, do you think, it’d be any use
pretendin’ that I’m not her father at
all, an’ that you are, me havin’ adopted
her to cheer up the lonely ranch, an’
you make the. speech ?”

  Evidently, the guy was losing his
grip, not to say his reason.

  “Brace up,” said I sternly. “Look
around you. Stop perspiring. This is
your ranch. These trees, that creek,
this swamp we’re sittin’ in, are all your

property. You-”

  “I’m goin’ to have it drained, if
Driggs’ll stay with me after this,” said
Simon, striving gallantly to follow my
lead and get his feet down to earth.
“Honest, Bill, the way that boy digs

ditches-”

 “What’s his method ?” T asked
16

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

brightly, seeing his eyes begin to giaze
again.

  “Why, he takes a crowbar, first hav-
in’ laid out the line of where he wants
the ditch,” said Simon, “an’ he goes all
along this line makin’ holes about eight-
een inches deep, an’ about two feet
apart, or it might be three, or some-
thing. Then he puts a chunk of dyna-
mite in each hole without any fuse to
it, an’ tamps the earth down thoroughly.
Then he lays out the line of where he
wants the ditch to go an’ he takes a

crowbar an’ he-”

  “What, again?” I asked.

  Simon passed his hand over his brow.
“Excuse me,” he said, “I don’t feel so
good. No, after he’s got all the holes
filled with dynamite, he goes off to the
end of the line an’ fires the last stick
in the usual way. That sets off the one
next to it, and that one fires the next,
an’ so on all down the line.”

  “Dad!” called Alice from the center
of the valley.

  “Yes, my dear?”

  “All ready! Come and sit down!”
Needless to say, I would sooner have
remained on that comparatively dry
stump, even at the cost of missing the
indigestibles, but I couldn’t resist old
Bridges’ piteous look as he obeyed. 1
stumped over, my peg leg sinking deep
into the soft earth at every step, and
took my place beside him.

  We were just like one big, blithering
family. Alice had brought out the big-
gest tablecloth from the ranch house
and laid it on a nice level spot. The
party was seated around it about six
to a side, Alice and Bleachmantle op-
posite from Simon and me. From the
way merry badinage flew hither and
yon, you’d have sworn those punchers
were delighted to find themselves ac-
tually eating in the open air. The first
thing on the bill was salted nuts, which
neither Simon nor me could touch, our
teeth being too far apart; the second
was ham sandwiches, which might have

been useful for looking at eclipses
through, but which were incapable of
supplying nutriment in lots of less than
one thousand. The third item was dev-
iled eggs, and I can only say that
Simon’s language must have made ’em
feel at home, his doctor having forbid-
den him pepper, and Alice having de-
prived him of his lunch that day,
probably to make his voice clearer. The
sardines were due to come next, but
neither of us was going to eat them;
I—because I knew how long they’d been
in stock, and Simon—-because I nudged
him.

  Meanwhile, ginger ale was passed in
foaming beakers. To see the assem-
blage quaffing, and calling out “Skoll!”
“Santy“Saluda!” “Prosit!” and
all those sacred words over a mess like
that made me feel worse than the eggs
had.

  “Bill!” said Simon in a low tone,
balancing his glass on his palm and
watching Alice start to serve the fatal
fish.

  “Yeah?”

  “Sssssh. Could you do with a stick
in this?”

  “A what?” asked I, joy making me
incredulous.

  “A bone,” said Mr. Bridges.” A
fish. Two fingers of Bourbon. I’ve
got a flask.”

  I put my glass down where he could
reach it conveniently, pulled up the
tablecloth before me so as to form some
kind of protection from spies on one
side, leaned forward to block off in-
quisitiveness from the other, and told
my dear old friend not to waste time on
foolish talk, but to go ahead and pour.

  He was just reaching for his hip
pocket, when, having eaten her first
sardine, Alice spoke:

  “Father!”

  The poor guy paused in midreach,
paralyzed. “Yes, darling?” said he, in
a feeble voice.

  The girl made no further speech but
THAT'S FUNNY!

17.

confined herself to a motion of the
hand. The motion was upward, and
the order it conveyed was that Simon
should forthright rise to his feet and
announce.

  “Hooray!’' said Tom Lear, sticking
a sandwich in his mouth like a pirate’s
dagger, and starting the applause.
“Fpeef f’om Mifter Vrizhest Fpeef!
Fpeef!”

  “Speech!” yelled all the other asses.

  Slowly and wearily, the wretched gen-
tleman hoisted himself into a perpen-
dicular situation. “Gents,” said he—
and stopped.

  Of course, he aimed to go on again;
the stop was merely temporary, his emo-
tions having proved too much for him,
or his Adam's apple having come loose
and dropped into his lungs, or some
such thing. What I want to point out
is that the accidental stop saved the
day, turned defeat into victory and gen-
erally was a darned good thing for
everybody. This teaches us always to
stop before we say anything and, if
possible, not to start again.

  Simon never started again—at least,
not on the subject of his daughter’s
engagement to Mr. Aubrey Bleachman-
tle. Before he could get his vocal ma-
chinery back into order, something
happened to distract the thoughts of
all present from such worldlinesses as
marrying and giving in marriage. I
will not ask the reader to guess what
it was, because though I was right on
the spot, and more or less thinking
about such matters, it was some frac-
tions of a second before I myself could
diagnose what was happening.

CHAPTER V.

THE INTERRUPTION.

rPHE demonstration started with a
most peculiar muffled thump some
distance away—a half mile at least, as
it turned out, over the lip of the valley
and behind several thickets of trees.

Following the thump there was a sharp
popping noise, several times repeated;
then a couple more thuds, slighter than
the first; then a sort of heavy, tearing
sound, which appeared to be getting
nearer and nearer.

  Simon was already on his feet, of
course. At this, according to my rule
when startled, I scrambled up myself.
Side by side, we turned and looked to-
ward the source of these peculiar noises
and within the space of ten seconds
witnessed a sight more peculiar than
the sounds. Simon’s hair abandoned
all pretense of dignity and stood bolt
upright instantly. I felt my own heart
bump, for lo and behold, over the lip
of the valley with a loud roar, there
shot a three-foot wide furrow in the
green grass; which furrow extended it-
self, as though driven by an invisible
express plow, straight toward the spot
where the picnic cloth was laid.

  “Look out!” I cried, leaping about
six yards sidewise.

  “I'd scarcely uttered the words when
cloth, food, ginger ale, and everything
shot up into the air. Clods of turf
also ascended; so did rocks, hats, gun
belts that had been laid aside, coats,
neckerchiefs, and all sorts of personal
property. Where these articles had
been, there yawned before our aston-
ished eyes a trench about two feet deep,
extending to the edge of Blue Creek.

  “Dynamite!” shrieked old Simon
Bridges, in a high, hysterical voice.

  And at that moment, Danny Driggs
rode cheerfully into the valley to see
whether his drainage ditch had dug it-
self all right. Of course, the boy was
perfectly innocent; he had discussed the
drainage of that very spot with Simon
several days before. Not being invited
to the party, he hadn’t been told where
it was to be held.

  Being a sane, sensible sort of lad
when not laughing, I don’t suppose he’d
ever thought that folks might go ahead
and eat in a marsh, no matter how green
18

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

its grass was, or how tall its trees.
He had spent all morning boring his
crowbar holes and putting in his dyna-
mite ; he’d gone off and had his lunch,
and then he’d returned and touched off
the end stick as per schedule. If in the
meantime somebody had gone and
camped right on his blasting line, it
was no fault of his.

  I could see this quite clearly; but
then. I hadn't happened to be standing
in a miscellaneous shower of foodstuffs,
the way old Simon Bridges had. If
there is one thing that makes for hasty
injustice more than another, it is the
receipt of a can or two of sardines and
tomato sauce right on top of the head.
Various other members of the betrothal
party had got in the way of the falling
viands, but Simon, as if to make up
for his failure to eat. had come out
'way ahead of everybody else. There
was a long, lithe pickled cucumber
perched behind his right ear like a pen.
The concussion had smashed his pocket
flask, so that he smelled like a barroom.
A pound or so of deviled eggs had been
plastered on his waistcoat like a bouquet
of dahlias; his hair was full of tomatoes,
and his face was one solid mass of fish
scales, while a sardine’s backbone
drooped gracefully over his right eye.
It was impossible that within three sec-
onds of the catastrophe, he should have
had time to take a complete inventory
of how foolish he looked, but he was
as mad as he could be. anyhow. In
fact, when Danny Driggs arrived and
dismounted before him. he gave the only
perfect imitation of a cougar I have
ever really heard from any human
throat.

  “I’m—I’m terribly sorry.” said Dis-
mal Dannv, opening his mouth slightly
and sinking his fine white teeth into his
lower lip.

  “Sorry?” screamed old Simon, satis-
fied with the correctness of his cougar
call. “Sorry?”

  It was a great mistake for Danny

to have tried to answer, because he had
to stop biting his lip,

  “Yes,” said he—and gave a chuckle.

  He made a brave attempt to chew
himself some more, but by this time,
his mouth was wide open, and try as he
would, he couldn’t get it shut. He
started to laugh; he commenced to bel-
low'; he howled, and he roared. And
in the middle of that circle of his
would-be murderers, he continued to
laugh, bellow, howl, and roar until 'Sir.
Aubrey Bleachmantle. tearing off an
oath which I personally didn’t consider
nice with a lady present, walked over
and gave him a forceful and resound-
ing kick.

  “Take that,” said Mr. Bleachmantle.
“you blank, blank, giggling asterisk,
you.”

  Even so, Dismal Danny's convulsions
didn't entirely come to an end. He
turned deadly white and he stopped
laughing in the proper sense of the
word, But as he turned to face Bleach-
mantle. he was still making queer
sounds, and his shoulders were shaking.

  “You and your blankety dynamite,
you fool!” cried out Aubrey, getting his
feet ready for an encore."

  “Don’t you—do that—again,” gasped
Dismal Danny.

  “No? And why not, huh?”

  “Because I’ll kill you stone dead if
you do!” Mr. Driggs chortled. “Ladies
or no ladies present—tee-hee! Ho-
hoo!”

  Instantly, a revolver appeared in
Bleachmantle’s hand, which was very
bad form, first because nobody had
made as though to pull on him; sec-
ondly because he must have sat down
to table armed, which isn’t done by
gentlemen. I was getting ready to shoot
him neatly through the wrist the mo-
ment he carried out his evident intention
of kicking Danny again at the gun’s
point, but I was saved the trouble.

  Alice Bridges suddenly sprang for-
ward, smacked her almost-affianced a
THAT'S FUNNY!

19

ringer on each cheek, tore the gun out
of his hand, and, before anybody really
knew what had happened, flung the
weapon into the creek.

  “There, you miserable cowardly
bully!” she exclaimed, turning white
and red by turns. “Now turn around
and get out of here, and never let me
see your face again. That’s the way
you act when you think you're top dog,
is it? Get out! You gun-toting black-
guard, get out!”

 “Alice-” began Bleachmantle,

looking fairly sick.

  “Get out!" ordered the girl, obviously
looking around for a quirt.

  The gentleman seemed to think it
might be well to obey her. It was as
well, too, because I stood ready to ar-
rest him for the unwarranted display
of a deadly weapon and to hold him
at least four days without bail—the
place of detention being the Three Pines
railroad tool house, which lacks cush-
ions. This solace was denied me. Pie
knew only too well when he was licked.
With a speaking glance at Simon, who
was too furious to notice it, he left
the circle, got his horse from behind
a copse, and rode away.

  “And now,” cried old Bridges as
though suddenly uncorked, “you get
your nag, young man, and get out like-
wise.’’

  “Father!” cried Alice, stamping her
foot. “It was only an accident; it
wasn’t Mr. Driggs’ fault.”

  “Was it an accident he stood there
and screamed with laughter at me—his
boss—his employer?” shouted Simon,
tearing the sprat's backbone off his eye-
brow and hurling it on the ground.
“Was that an accident?”

  “You know he can't help his sense of
humor,” cried the girl. “You saw what
happened when 1 tore my dress the

other day, and-”

 “Nemmine what happened! Nem-
mine the other day! Let him take his
hawse and get off my land while he’s

safe! I don’t want any killin’ or any
unpleasantness whatever. Let him get
out quick.”

  “Father!” Her tone was the identi-
cal one that had subdued the old man
on many a previous occasion, but this
time he was impervious to anything
short of more dynamite.

  “Silence, girl!” he commanded, ac-
tually as though he expected to be
obeyed. “You, feller, take your hawse
in place of any salary I owe you, an’
be out of here before I count ten, oi-
l'll have you thrown off. One, two,

three-”

  He’d have had a job of getting the
throwing done, unless he was ready to
do it himself, because by the time he’d
got as far as five, all the surrounding
punchers had sort of slipped away into
the bushes, where they appeared to be
lying down and trying to look like dead
leaves. But his bluff wasn’t called.

  “Thank you, Miss Alice,” said Dis-
mal Danny, looking at her sadly, “but
never mind. I'll go. Hope I'll see you
again soon.”

  “I think she said 'yes,’ but I can’t be
sure, on account of old Simon’s having
abandoned his counting to cry:

  “You try it. that’s all! Get out, I
tell you! Get out!”

  “All right,” said Mr. Driggs, still
gazing at Miss Bridges.

  With that, as they say in the movies,
he swung lightly to the saddle of his
faithful pinto and took his lonely trail
toward the setting sun,

  Plowever, he never got there, being
overtaken by night, a cold wind, a rain-
storm, and other vagaries of the Texas
climate just when he was in sight of
the illuminated windows of Tanglefoot
Ranch, of which he had never heard.

  The real name of the place was not
Tanglefoot Ranch at all, but the Hog-
pen O, meaning Quinlan—old Thaddeus
M. Quinlan, its owner. The nickname
merely referred to the .fact that every
square foot of the several thousand
20

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

acres was overgrown with loco weed,
cactus, and similar evidences of ne-
glect, coyly mingled with wire from
the fallen fences.

  Thaddeus, in addition to being a mil-
lionaire several times over owing to his
purchase of oil-bearing cattle lands in
Sonora, was what might be called eccen-
tric. He had quarreled with everybody
in the neighborhood, including his mil-
lionaire son, now living in Chicago.
For the last ten years he had lived all
alone on this beautiful ranch of his,
refusing either to raise beeves himself
or to sell the land to somebody that
would. Once, when asked why he paid
taxes on half a county since half an
acre was more than he needed to live
on, he had replied that some day he
might feel like taking a long horseback
ride or something and he could do it
on his own land.

  That was the kind of hairpin im-
personated by T. M. Quinlan, Esquire.
I don’t suppose that, until Dismal
Danny Driggs knocked on his front
door, he had had a visitor in ten years,
barring book agents new to the terri-
tory. It was so long since I!d heard
of the old man or thought of him either,
that, when Danny mentioned his name
on the Tuesday following the picnic,
it took me several seconds to recollect
any such person. I must admit, how-
ever, that my mind was somewhat dis-
tracted at the time by the acute rheu-
matism which confined me to my chair,
and by speculations as to what Danny
might be doing, all dolled up in a swal-
lowtail coat and desirous of buying a
ticket to Lone Star.

  “Mr. Quinlan lent it to me,” said1 the
transmogrified exile. “He said it would
make a better impression at the bank.”

  “What,” I inquired of him, “are you
aiming to do with a bank, anyhow?”

  “Ah, that,” said Danny, taking oft
the swallowtail, folding it neatly, and
sitting down near me, “is a long story,
Mr. Garfield, which, with your permis-

sion, I will narrate while I massage your
aching joints. I’ve got fifteen minutes
before train time. I should have
thought your deputy might have
dropped in to help you.”

  “He’s out on—er—business,” said I,
wondering whether Jake had caught
the train robbers or whether they had
caught him. “But if you insist on being
so kind, there’s a bottle of Bortlecog’s
Royal Indian Anti-pain Specific on the
second shelf up. That’s it. Aaaaaaah!’’
“That’s right—just lie back and
luxuriate,” said Dismal Danny, with a
tenderness I should never have ex-
pected from anybody capable of his
laugh. “Well, Mr. Garfield, no doubt
you’ve been wondering where I’ve been
at these last few days. I half figured
you’d be dragging the local rivers for
my corpse an’ I don’t mind admittin'
I was in a low frame of mind when I
left the Diamond B that day.”

  The memory of that wet grass made
me groan.

  “Yeah,” said Dismal Dan soothingly,
“that’s just how I felt until about eleven
o’clock that same night, ridin’ all the
time without earin’ where I got to.
Then I found myself all hungry an’
wet an’ cold, an’ the hawse likewise,
just as a lighted window appeared on
the horizon. Well, Mr. Garfield, I
made a line for that window, an’ I
knocked on the door, an’ when this
Mr. Thaddeus Quinlan opened it for
me I asked him if he could oblige a
poor wanderer with some coffee and a
place to sleep.

  “Well, Mr. Garfield, what do you
think happened next? The old gentle-
man says: ‘Come in,’ kind of sulkylike.
And right then and there, while I stood
in the middle of his livin’ room and
dripped, he looked me in the middle of
the eyeball and says: ‘It seems that once
upon a time there were two Irishmen,

named Pat and Mike-’ If you’ll

believe me, before he put the coffee on
or asked me to run my nag into the
THAT’S FUNNY!

21

corral, he went ahead and told me that
joke about the two harps that got on
the train.”

 “I know—I know !” I protested.
"Don’t tell me that chestnut again.”

  “It is kind of ancient,” said Dismal
Danny, “but do you know, Mr. Gar-
field, the idea of him startin’ off to tell
stories under the circumstances, me
soaked to the skin an’ shiverin’, an’ a
total stranger, it struck me so funny
that I had to laugh. I didn’t want to,
especially in view of the misfortunes
it brought down upon me in the past,
but I couldn’t help it. I just stood there
an’ shrieked. The old jasper stared
at me so kind of astonished and pleased,
that he made me laugh harder than
before. Finally, he got sort of worried
and told me to stop it, but I couldn’t.
Then he seemed to get an idea I was
kiddin’ him, an’ made as though to turn
me out into the night. But you know
how I am when I’m started.”

  “You bet I do.”

  “Well,” said Dismal Danny, sort of
calmed down by my tone of voice, “to
make a long story short, me and the
old gentleman got real chummy before
the night was over. We had a fire built
up, an’ my pony was filled with oats,
an’ we had five or six pots of coffee
and some egg sandwiches, an’ in the
intervals of humor, we talked about
pretty near everything under the sun,
includin’ my griefs over at the Dia-
mond B. I never knew a guy so sym-
pathetic. Finally, as we were goin’ to
bed, he laid his hand on my shoulder,
and he says:

  “ ‘My boy, the first thing for you to
do is to get to see that girl—quick.
If she thinks you’re obeyin’ her fath-
er’s order to stay away, she’ll never
forgive you.’ So, to make a long story
short, Mr. Garfield, I rode over the
next night about twelve thirty or one,
an’ threw gravel on Alice’s window un-
til she opened it, and we had a nice
little talk. Though T wished she hadn’t

been so high up in the air. I had to
talk kind of loud, and that woke up her
dad.”

  “What happened?” I demanded.
“Why, nothing,” said Dismal Danny,
“except that he thought I was some-
where I wasn’t an’ fired both barrels of
a ten-bore into his chicken coop. Hon-
est, Bill, I was sorry, considerin’ the
pride he takes in them blue-ribbon birds,
but as I rode away, I had to laugh.”
“I’ll bet you did. Well, what next?”
“Well, Alice had told me, before this
here unpleasant interruption, that the
peg her pa was hangin’ all this wrath
an’ tarnation on, was my bein’ a plain
common or ordinary cow hand. She
said he refused to admit that he hadn’t
liked the sardines, but that he’d always

said his girl should marry-”

  “It’s true, too.”

  “Yeah. Well, of course Mr. Quinlan
was sittin’ up when I got back, an’ he
wanted to know all about what had hap-
pened. When I told him, addin’ this
about Mr. Bridges’ alleged objection to
me, what do you think he up and said?”
“Probably Tag, you’re it,’ ” I re-
plied, having no taste for conundrums.

  “No,” said Dismal Danny, “he just
looked at me and he said: ‘Well, if
that’s all that’s bitin’ the old fool, we’ll
soon make a ranch owner out of you.
You just give me ten thousand bucks,
an’ I’ll give you title to this place, an’
you can pay me the rest as you
earn it.’ ”

  “Whaaat ?” I cried, waking up sud-
denly, for the Hogpen Q. on such terms
as that, was a gift for the gods.

  “Yeah,” said Dismal Danny, “that’s
what I said, too. Then I remembered
that I didn’t have any ten thousand, or
any means of gettin’ it. So I told him,
but he says, ‘Oh, tush! any banker in
Lone Star will lend you the money
when he knows what you’re goin’ to
get with it. Run into town to-morrow,
dressed up like a scarecrow in some oi’
my go-to-meetin’ clothes. They’ll
22

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

slather money on you.’ “Well. Bill—
Mr. Garfield—that’s where I’m goin’
now. An’ if I’m not mistaken, there’s
the train, whistlin’ for Geogehan's
crossing.”

  “B-b-b-but,” I stammered, kind of
dazed by this story, “what’s gonna be-
come of old Thaddeus ?•’’

  “Why, he’s goin’ to live with his son
in Chicago,” replied Mr. Driggs, putting
on his coat. “He said the boy’d been
writin’ him to conic for a long time past,
but that he’d got kind of soured on hu-
manity on account of never meetin’
anybody with a sense of humor. He
mentioned you, Mr. Garfield, sayin’ that
you’d fired a revolver at him in 1907.
for askin’ you that wheeze about what
animal is it that starts on four legs,
continues on two, and ends up on
three.”

  “It may be so,” I muttered, having
been sixty in the year mentioned, and
sensitive on the subject. “But say, lis-
ten, Danny-”

  “■Yes?” said he, taking his ticket from
the rack, paying for it. and giving him-
self change.

  “Have you ever had any doings with
bankers?”

 “No, but-”

  “Well, { have an’ I want to tell you
somethin', boy. You don’t want to
reckon a banker as an ordinary human
bein’. They’re different. You mark my
words, even if you do miss the train.
This unfortunate habit of yours, now—
laughin’. You’ve got by with it pretty
well around here, because most of us
crack an occasional chuckle ourselves,
an' we know what it feels like. But
you try it on a banker, an’ you’re goin’
to get into trouble. Bankers never
laugh. Anybody above the rank of
cashier caught smilin’ durin’ business
hours is at once arrested on suspicion
of embezzlement, an’ the bank is closed
by order of the State inspector. Are
you listenin’ to me' Now, you’ve got

the bang-tailed coat. Mind you live up
to it.”

  “But how?” gasped the applicant for
a loan, staring at me in horror.

  “If you can’t do anythin’ else.” I
said, as the train clanked into the sta-
tion and stopped, “pretend that whoever
it is you love best is dead, dead, dead,
an’ that you’re wearin’ the coat to her
funeral.”

  He turned white as a ghost but said
he would do just that. Then he bolted
from the store and just swung aboard
the last car as it departed.

CHAPTER VI.

ON THE TRAIN.

I REGRET very much that, not hav-
ing been in Laredo that day, I can’t
give an eyewitness’ account of what
happened. I aim to do the next best
thing, however, by quoting verbatim
from the Lone Star Longhorn:

MADMAN RUNS AMUCK IN

FINANCIAL INSTITUTION

Cow-puncher Crowns Crowley, Kicks
Klingenthal, and Wallops
Williams

Fire Brigade Out

  Main Street, corner of Stockade, was the
scene, Tuesday afternoon, of a disgraceful
fracas as a result of which Mr. Samuel Crow-
ley, genial President of the Hoof and Horn
Third National Bank, city, is confined at his
home with a severe headache; J. D. Williams,
able paying teller of the same well-known
institution, is at work suffering from bites:
James “Bull” Klingenthal, the stalwart door-
keeper of the bank, is exhibiting to his in-
timate friends a large bruise of blue-green
coloration, four and a quarter inches in diam-
eter, and seventeen other citizens are nursing
cuts, scratches, and lacerations.

  A statement issued by the bank recounts
that about 1.30 p. m„ shortly after Mr. Crow-
ley had returned from his lunch, his office
was entered by a tall and powerfully built
individual wearing an old-fashioned swallow-
tail coat, but marked by his bowlegs as a
cowman. He had a scar over one eye and
was noticeable for his expression of extreme
THAT'S FUNNY!

23

melancholy. Seating himself at Mr. Crow-
ley’s desk and introducing himself by a name
which the genial president permitted to slip
his mind in the ensuing excitement, the stran-
ger asked for a loan of ten thousand dollars,
stating that if convenient he would take the
money with him at once. Questioned further
by Mr. Crowley, who at once began to en-
tertain suspicions of the visitor’s sanity, the
man told a confused story about the purchase
of a ranch in Hurst County; and stated that
if Mr. Crowley would have the cash brought
at once, he would be able to catch the two
twenty train home.

  Convinced by this time that he had to do
with a dangerous maniac, the courageous finan-
cier pretended to be in deep thought, and, as
is his habit during periods of perplexity, be-
gan to draw his right forefinger across the
bridge of his nose as though playing the vio-
lin. A fewr seconds later, he observed that
the stranger was apparently on the verge of
a burst of unreasonable laughter; but before
he could say anything to take advantage of
this condition, the man laid his head down
upon Mr. Crowley’s genuine mahogany desk
and commenced to weep.

  Keeping his head in spite of these remark-
able events, the local financial genius pressed
the . push button connecting him with the
bank's watchman, James Bull Klingenthal, and
upon arrival of this well-known and justly
popular and respected officer, indicated that
the unwelcome visitor should- be thrown out.
However, by this time the maniac had recov-
ered from his emotional crisis, and when Mr.
Klingenthal inserted hands in his coat collar
and waist band as a means of inducing him
to leave, he turned and administered a severe
kick to the officer, causing the latter to fall
down.

  Turning to Mr. Crowley, the madman then
commenced a speech to the effect that he
would take his custom to another bank, but,
noticing that the president had drawn a twenty-
five caliber automatic pistol from his desk
drawer, he instantly sprang forward and struck
him over the head with a plate-glass fountain-
pen stand, as advertised on page 7 of this
week’s Longhorn, which had been presented to
Mr. Crowley by a maiden aunt the previous
Christmas. Falling on the floor, the genial
financier attracted the attention of Paying
Teller Williams and twelve or fourteen de-
positors who happened to be in the bank at
the time. All rushed gallantly at the stranger,
who was now standing in the middle of the
office, breathing heavily through his nose. No
detailed account is available of the melee
which followed; but according to the statement
of Elmer Ivrack, 24, 409 Eighth Street, city,

when picked up on the other side of the road
suffering from nasal hemorrhage and shock,
the stranger’s method of dealing with his ad-
versaries was to pick them up and pelt one
with the other.

  After some minutes of this, a telephone
call was sent in for the fire brigade, this call
being passed through the city exchange at
2.11 by Operator Dorothy Hatchberry, who, as
many of our readers will remember, won the
first prize for local beauty at the recent live-
stock show. The gallant boys in buttons had
scarcely received the call to duty before they
arrived at the bank building with hose ready
for immediate action, but by this time the
pugnacious stranger had left the bank and
made good his escape. He has not yet been
apprehended, though when seen by a Longhorn
representative yesterday, Sam Bonney, city
marshal, stated that he was in possession of
a clew.

  Before returning to its barracks, the fire
brigade gave an exhibition of its prowess
with the hand engine, the maximum length of
jet attained being 188 feet 6V2 inches.

  Well, the “mysterious stranger’’ had
made good his escape by the very sim-
ple process of rushing down to the
depot and boarding the two twenty
train, which he’d told that bank presi-
dent he wanted to catch in the first
place. He got in to Three Pines on
this train at 4.34 p. m., according to
schedule, and-

  Now Fm up a creek again; for the
reason that a long lifetime of collecting,
giving, and acting upon evidence has
made me wary of stating anything I
didn’t actually witness myself. Being,
of course, pinned by rheumatism in my
chair at Three Pines while Dismal
Danny was on the two twenty from
Lone Star, I wasn’t present during
most of the next and concluding act
of this drama. I guess it will be neces-
sary to carry on the yarn by writing
here what Danny told me later.

  This same two twenty—but on Sat-
urdays only, whereas this was Tues-
day—had the honor of hauling the pay
car to the Dead Man’s Gulch construc-
tion workers. On other days, such as
this, it consisted of one locomotive, one
tender, one baggage car, and about three
24

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

day coaches; and it stopped at every
place imaginable by the mind of man.
Even I, never in any hurry to get to
Lone Star when I have to go there, or
back to Three Pines either—I really
find that train almost too much for my
nerves.

  As the Lone Star Longhorn has so
clearly hinted, Danny Driggs didn’t
have time to do any shopping for books,
or even to buy a magazine from the
butcher, who knows better than to ac-
company the train. So naturally, with
all this excitement and disappointment
fresh in his mind the boy began to
fidget. According to his own statement,
he held out pretty good until the train
had been on its way half an hour, cov-
ering twelve miles and making seven
stops, most of them seemingly in the
midst of the boundless prairie; then
he had a drink of water. He put the
window down; then he put it up again;
tried the blind in several different posi-
tions; changed his seat; started con-
versation with some guy, and finally
started to walk up and down the train
from one end to the other. Dismal
Danny was wondering how they let a
homicidal lunatic like Crowley be presi-
dent of a bank, and brooding over the
problem of saving ten thousand bills out
of a maximum earning capacity of forty
a month.

  Lie was wrestling with this question
in a corner of one of the vestibules,
when he observed that he wasn’t alone
in the corridor-walker's club. Two
other jaspers were tramping around,
scowling at the scenery as it crawled
past, asking the conductor the names
of the various stops and how far to
the next, examining the air-brake
valves, et cetera, et cetera, as though
similarly bored to death.

  It struck Danny that a little con-
versation might be good for the current
ailment. When one of these individ-
uals approached where he was standing
.le piped up and observed that the

weather looked like continuing fine,
provided that it didn’t rain. It was a
harmless remark, as anybody can see,
and one that has frequently led to the
most pleaasant of relations, as well as
marriage.

  The jasper addressed, however, didn’t
seem to care for it. According to Dan
he said something that might have been
yes, no, or words even more impolite,
and at once walked right away to the
other end of the car. As for the other
guy, Mr. Driggs took one good slant
at him and decided jiot even to try the
opening of negotiations. Like so many
of the folks one sees on accommodation
trains, the man looked like he’d been
born with a grievance against humanity.
Unlike most, he also looked ready and
able to work the grievance off on any
sample of the race that peeped. Dan
looked at the fellow with respect but
without eagerness; as he stated to me,
he was feeling kind of low in his mind,
and besides, he had had enough fighting
for one day.

  Of course, it had to be this identical
savage-looking person, specially selected
from among the two hundred and
thirty-five men. women, children, and
dogs on that train, who while walking
through Danny's vestibule should catch
his foot on the flexible metal strip be-
tween cars, make a wild grab at the
air, and fall down on the steel floor.
In falling he brought his right eye vio-
lently into contact with the toe of Mr.
Driggs’ boot, which seemed to improve
neither his appearance nor his temper.
The effect of this latter was in fact so
bad, that for some seconds after get-
ting to his feet, the injured guy stood
perfectly speechless, glaring at Danny
with one eye while he held the other
tenderly with his hand. It was obvious
that he wanted to pin blame for this
outrage on somebody other than him-
self, and after an interval of silence, he
got to work doing it.

  “What the blazes do you think you’re
Til ATS FUNNY!

25

playin’ at,” be demanded, in a loud,
hoarse voice, “puttin’ your feet where
I’m liable to bump into ’em and fall ?
Huh ?”

  “Agh?” gasped Danny, slightly taken
aback.

  “You heard what I said,” said the
gentleman, taking the hand down from
his eye and rolling it up into a knobby
fist. “What you mean-”

  Mr. Driggs was all for peace, being
low in his mind and no hog for per-
sonal combat. But the question of what
soft answer to return was taken out
of his hands, because at this point he
felt himself starting to laugh. He de-
scribed the sensation as resembling the
rising of an elevator in the throat, and
says that in this particular case, what
touched him off was the thought of
this great two-hundred-pound jasper
crawling cautiously around floors, look-
ing for a boot to knock his eye
against.

  Dismal Danny gave one long hoot
and, at the same instant, had the good
sense to move sidewise. Thus the fist
of the jasper with the grievance, in-
stead of knocking the laugh back where
it came from, merely thudded harm-
lessly against the wall of the car—
harmlessly to Danny, that is. This
seemed to cause the peevish citizen both
pain and annoyance. The other surly
guy, having heard the disturbance, was
running down the car crying: “Hey,
lay off that stuff, Jim, you dog-gone
fool!” But his plea was of no avail.
Jim gave a low roar and launched him-
self at Mr. Driggs; whereupon Danny
found no course open to him but the
hitting of Jim on the jawbone, and the
lifting of him to the other side of the
coach.

  This punch missed the button. The
fallen James drew a large Colt from
his jacket pocket and, without troubling
to rise or even roll over, fired three
shots at Danny’s calves, none of which
took effect. This was luckv, because

it is not to be supposed that with even
one .45 bullet in the leg, my young
friend would have taken the pleasure
he now did in jumping upward and on-
ward and landing with both his feet
in the firer’s middle,

  Danny supposed, and rightly, that
this- would be the end of Jim for the
time being. Fie also supposed, wrongly,
that it was the end of the fight. But
on turning around, he found that the
other jasper, who the instant before had
been counseling peace and quietness,
was now himself in possession of a gun,
and acting as though he intended to
shoot Mr. Driggs in the back! Only
the poor lad’s swinging around so sud-
denly and getting a good kick home on
the man’s kneecap, made the shot go
wide. It smashed a glass window, val-
ued by the railroad company at four
dollars and thirty-five cents. Before
another could follow it, the gun bad
been pretty completely confiscated and
thrown through the broken pane onto
the tracks.

  Arthur, his new jasper, was a much
better fist fighter than Jim had ever
been; also cooler, and in possession of
both his eyes. Within fifteen seconds,
he had turned this into a real advantage
by closing one of Danny’s eyes, after
successively pasting him one on each
cheekbone, another flush on the end of
the nose, and two roosters to the lower
ribs. Staggering back from these lat-
ter, Danny tripped on the fallen James;
went to his knees, and was only brought
back to life and love by the realization
that this wasn’t any exhibition bout,
but a regular scrap in which the loser
was extremely liable to be knifed, shot,
or strangled to death. This, I need
scarcely say, is not usual in Texas any
more, especially in Three Pines County,
of which I have the honor to be sheriff,
and through whose peaceful pastures
the train was now tearing at fourteen
miles an hour, while the engineer blew
his whistle loudly for the police.
26

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

CHAPTER VII.

THE PRISONER.

IT'S funny, you know, but after it

  was all over, I remembered hearing
those whistles and paying no attention
to them, so interesting was the conver-
sation of Alice Bridges, and so sooth-
ing the effect of her rubbing my wrists
with Anti-pain Specific. As a general
thing, l'adies don’t much care for this
great medicine, perhaps owing to its
ability to raise blisters on skins not
used to it. including those of horses;
but on hearing that Dismal Danny
Driggs had anointed me with the stuff.
Alice could not be prevented from do-
ing likewise.

  “Do you think he’ll be back on the
two twenty, by any chance. Uncle Bill?”
asked the girl, abandoning all pretense
of having come over to see me, and
bending my little finger double in her
eagerness.

  “Tush, tush, girl,” I told her in-
dulgently when the excitement had died
down, “you little know the ways of
high finance. Probably he won’t be
back for days. Do you think people
walk into banks and walk out again tak-
ing what they happen to need along
with them in a truck? Not so. Far
from it.”

  “Well. I did think so.” replied Alice
defiantly.

  “You are but a child." I murmured,
drifting pleasantly toward dreamland.

  “Well, child or no child. I’ll bet I
know more about banks than Danny
Driggs does.” she said. “I don’t be-
lieve he’s ever been in one before to-
day. Oh, dear, I do hope he doesn’t
get into any trouble, just when I’ve got
such wonderful news for him!"

  “He won’t get into, any trouble,” I
said soothingly, and in the complete
confidence that I was telling her the
truth. “Certainly he won’t get into any
trouble. What trouble is there he could
get into?”

  “I don’t know,” said Alice.

  “Well, then,” I asked, settling myself
comfortably for massage of the left
wrist, “what’s the good news?”

  She chuckled.

  “Father’s back.”

  “Back? Has he been away?”

  “No. When I say back.” remarked
Alice judicially, “I mean back under."
I had to open one eye. “Under?”
“Under here,” said the innocent girl,
exhibiting a very pretty pink thumb.
“You know he got out. Uncle Bill, and
acted perfectly awful, ft was two days
before he would even stop talking when
I told him to. It was only this morn-
ing that I made him say that Danny
could come up and visit at the ranch
house whenever he feels like it—that’s
the good news. But even so, he sticks
to saying we can’t be married until
Danny’s owner of a ranch, and I don't
believe I can get him to change his
mind.”

  “I should hope not.” said I, being in
the father class myself, to put it mildly.
“And if you do, I’ll ride over and
change it back for him. The idea!"

  There was a silence, while she gently
rubbed Bortlecog's into my trigger
finger.

  “Well,” she said softly at last. “!
hope Danny gets the ten thousand dol-
lars soon.”

  Simultaneously, the two twenty got
into the station—which is immediately
in back of my store, there being no
other buildings within miles—and hon-
estly, I don't see how we could have
failed to hear her coming three quarters
of a mile away. The engine was blow-
ing its whistle fit to wake the dead;
every passenger, that could shout, was
doing it. and those that couldn’t were
having a nice long scream. Car doors
were banging, windows were being let
down, and over the whole racket the
voice of “Bud” Blenkinsop, the con-
ductor, was roaring for me to come out
and do my duty.
THAT'S FUNNY!

27

  “Can't !” I roared back. “Bring it in
to me!”

  Bud’s a nice boy, and he knows me,
in addition to being an acquaintance.
So he obeyed, though the job was evi-
dently distasteful to him. For some
reason, though he has been 011 the local
line for years, he still thinks punc-
tuality is a virtue, and whenever the
two twenty is late, he takes it as a
personal insult. Nevertheless, he very
properly escorted whatever it was, that
he had in his charge, to the middle of
my store floor, stood it there right end
up, and gave me the necessary particu-
lars about it. On examining it care-
fully, I perceived it to be Dismal Danny
Driggs.

 “Prisoner for you,” said Bud.
“Double murder. Well, we’re three
minutes late now. Good-by.”

  Just as he hurried out, the sharp eyes
of love made out what I’d discovered
some thirty seconds before, and Alice
Bridges gave a piercing shriek.

  “Danny!” she cried, hurling herself
upon it.

  He extended his arms and gathered
her to him. I don’t know where she
found a dry spot to kiss, or whether
there was one; anyhow, they seemed to
me to go ahead and kiss each other for
the better part of five minutes. It got
perfectly monotonous, and you can bet
I was glad when finally Mr. Driggs
disengaged himself.

  “And now,” said he, “it’s time for
you to run along home. No place for
little girls. I’ve got a couple of men
outside that are much worse chewed
than I am, an’ I don’t want you to see
such things. I’m responsible for you
from now on, you know, sweetheart.
You must.do as I say.”

  “Y-y-yes, Danny,” said old man
Bridges’ boss. “B-b-but—did you get
the ten thousand?”

  The poor kids! He’d been so sure
of getting it, and she’d been so sure he
would. I tell you, when I saw him

swallow a lump in his throat before
answering, by golfy, I had one with
him!

  “N-no,” replied Danny, “not exactly.
But it’ll be all right.”

  “And now you’re arrested!” she
wailed.

  “It was sellf-defense,” said Danny,
“and besides, Alice, I told you to go.
I’ll be right over and see you as soon
as I can. Now, it’s all right. Just
get your pony and be oft'. And don’t
look behind the store.”

  She shuddered. “I’ll bet they de-
served all they got—and more!” she
cried fiercely—at me, mind you.

  “Never you mind about that,” said
Danny, leading her to the door and’
kissing her again. “It’ll be all right,
and the first thing you know we’ll be
all cozy in the Hogpen Q, raisin’ prize
Herefords or somep’n. Good-by.”
“Good-by!”

  “Good-by!”

  “Good-by!”

  Finally they got through with it, and
Mr. Driggs got down to the serious
business of his interview with me.
“Well?” I asked him sternly.
“Well,” said Danny, kind of breath-
lessly. “It ain’t a double murder, at
all events. They ain’t dead. And if

they had of been-”

  “Bring ’em in,” said I.

  He looked at me much in the fashion of
a naughty schoolboy and obeyed. First
he went out and brought in one gentle-
man and laid him on the floor; and then
he went out and brought in the other
gentleman, and laid him on the floor.
“Is this all?” I inquired.

  “Yes, Mr.-Garfield.”

  “Then explain,” said I, leaning back
and closing my eyes.

  Of course, I haven’t any right to hold
inquests and preliminary examinations
of criminals and so on, but I generally
hold ’em for all that, and they have
saved me a lot of grief. Look at this
one, for instance. I ought to have
28

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

locked Danny in the tool shed on the
conductor’s complaint and given the
victims free board and medical atten-
tion until they could appear against him
themselves.

  Ha-ha!

  He had scarcely mentioned the jasp-
ers’ interest in the vacuum valves be-
fore I got an inkling of something
wrong; it grew stronger at the descrip-
tion of the gun pulling; and when he
chanced to tell me how the second guy
had shouted to the other to lay off,
I took the liberty of interrupting his
narrative.

  “Did you leave any pockets on these
gentlemen?” I asked, without opening
my eyes.

  “What do you think I was doing?”
he demanded quite hotly. “Robbing
them ?”

  “If so,” said I, disregarding his im-
petuosity, “would you be so extremely
obliging as to look through the pockets
in question, reporting to me the nature
of any objects found?”

  “You want me to frisk them?”
“Even so.” And I heard him fum-
bling.

  “Here’s a jaekknife,” said he, “and
a packet of tobacco and two folders
of brown papers and a silver watch.

Here’s a notebook-”

  “Ah, yes,” said I. “And what’s in
the notebook?”

  “Papers,” said he. “Time-table of
the railroad. Somebody’s marked the
two twenty in pencil, and written ‘Sat’
by it. Here’s a map.”

  “We grow "warm,” said I. “What’s
the map of?”

  “Looks like—-yes, by gum, it’s right
around here. Here’s Lone Star marked,
an’ here’s Three Pines, with a star by
it-”

  “That’s me,” I informed him.
  “What is?”

  “The star. I wear one.”

  There was silence while he thought
this over; then he went on in a kind

of awed voice: “The map ends at a
place marked DMG. What’s that?”
“Dead Man’s Gulch.”

  After this, I paused, and let the sus-
pense ferment a bit. as it were. “Dead
Man’s Gulch,” I added pleasantly, “is
the destination of the pay car.”

  There was another silence, after
which he suddenly took such a grip of
my most inflamed knee that I had to
yell. Being averse to the waste of
breath, I put the yell to a good use.

  “Go into the kitchen, you dog-gone
mass of mud and muscles,” I shrieked,
“and read the poster that’s stuck up
on the wall!”

  I heard him lumber across the floor
and shove the door open, also noticing
the alteration of his breathing as he
read the concluding lines of the poster,
stating the amount of the reward and
where to apply for it. Then I took a
firm grip of both arms of my chair,
thanked Heaven I hadn’t had new glass
put in the windows yet, and waited for
him to start laughing.

  Honest, the situation was such that
I could almost have given a gurgle
myself. Here was this nice boy, after
all the troubles he’d had, apparently
landed in one afternoon with two reg-
ular knockouts—a failure to raise the
money he needed so badly, and an ar-
rest for assault and mayhem. And
here it was turning out that the very
thing that had set all his troubles on
him—this here unbridled laughter—had
caused him to earn the money outright
by bringing to justice the very train
robbers that had chased him off No. 18
in the beginning! Whether they’d rec-
ognized him, and that was why Jim
Champollion wanted to lay him out, or
whether it was just pure accident, I
never got to know. Whichever it was,
I expected some little old burst of jubi-
lation and merry laughter, believe me.

  Seconds passed, and there was no
howl of mirth from the kitchen; more
seconds passed. Dismal Danny’s foot-
THAT'S FUNNY!

steps returned and stopped by my chair;
there were still 110 chortles. Finally I
opened my eyes—to find him standing
there staring down at the two uncon-
scious bandits. He wasn’t unconscious
himself, of course; but aside from that,
there wasn’t much to choose between
his condition and his adversaries’.

  “You think they’re the two five-thou-
sand-dollar ones?” asked Danny slowly.

  “No harm in hopin’ so, anyway,” I
told him cheerfully.

  As it turned out, they actually were
—mail robbers and murderers several
times over.

  Still he didn’t burst forth into one
of his well-known explosions, though

the facts of the case were quite as well
known to him as to me, and better. He
didn’t give a chuckle, even. And when
at last he did make a sound, can you
imagine what it was?

  Standing there triumphant and vic-
torious with the Hogpen Q as good as
his, worth a quarter of a million if a
penny; with Alice Bridges as good as
his, likewise, and worth a whole lot
more than any ranch that ever was;
and with all the amusing circumstances
that had made them his, fresh in his
humorous mind, he looked down at the
faces of the fellows whose capture had
brought him all these things, and said:

  “Poor guys!”

WILD ANIMALS OF NORTH AMERICA
The Fisher

T'HE swift and agile tisher or pekan is a deadly foe to fish, toads, frogs,
snakes, birds, and small forest creatures such as rabbits and chipmunks.
He is very much at home in trees and leaps nimbly from one to another to
capture squirrels; he will even pursue and kill his relative, the marten.

     A fisher has the characteristic long body and short legs of the weasel family
to which he belongs. His coat varies in color from dark brown to black.
Sometimes there will be gray or grayish-white markings on the animal’s head,
neck and underparts.

    Although he is so fond of trees that he usually has his den in a hollow
one, the fisher likes to roam through dense forests near the water or, especially
in winter, along wooded ridges. He will hunt out traps and eat both bait and
captured animal. And despite the quills of the porcupine he does not hesitate
to attack this animal, which he finds very palatable.

    Like that of most wild animals, the range of the fisher is no longer so
extensive as once it w7as, but he may still be found in the mountains of New
York State, Vermont, and Maine, westward from Maine and southern Labrador
to the Pacific coast, and north to the Great Slave Lake.

    The young of the fisher, which as a rule numbers two or three, are born
in spring, and early in life begin to accompany their mother in her perambulations,
depending on her protection until they are almost adult. A large-sized pekan
will sometimes weigh eighteen or twenty pounds and be from three to three and
a half feet long, but the average animal is much smaller than this
^ Peter Henry Morland

Author of “The White Cheyenneetc.

Synopsis of Preceding Chapters

HUE to being ruined at the race track, Dick Rutherford, The Colonel, leaves Virginia to seek his
fortunes in the West. He breaks his engagement to Martha Farnsworth, though both still love
each other, and takes leave of his slaves with misery in his heart.

    With him on the overland-horseback tour is Christy Deever, a twelve-year-old boy. whose knowl-
edge of horses and loyalty has endeared him to the young colonel.

    After their encounter with hears, the boy feels the presence of some unseen person. A rifle
shot eventually proclaims the presence of an Indian at whom The Colonel shoots.

CHAPTER VII.

A GREAT IDEA.

HAD loaded my own rifle
again, by this time, but I
didn't want to waste any
time punching holes in
desert air while there was
such a marksman as The
Colonel along. I swung my gray mare.
Kitty, alongside his horse and passed
him my loaded gun, while I took his
emptied one. He gave me a nod, and
we drove in at that Indian from differ-
ent sides.

  The Indian was hurt by the bullet,
and more than half stunned by the fall
from his horse. He had hardly done
rolling head over heels when we were
it him, and I suppose that his head

must have been spinning like a top.
But he wasn’t ready to call quits. Plis
rifle was lost in the grass; so he had
pulled out a knife and staggering
around on his hurt leg, he waved the
knife and seemed ready to fight until
he dropped.

  If I had been The Colonel, I should
have fired the loaded rifle into the ras-
cal. but The Colonel’s way was not
mine. When he came up close to the
Indian he leveled his rifle; then he
waited until the redskin’s head had
cleared enough to understand what was
happening. That required only a mo-
ment. Then the brave drew himself up
to his height and resigned himself. It
was plain that he expected to have the
shot sent home through his heart or
his brain.
TRAIL OF THE STONE-THAT-SHINES

31

  “Plenty of nerve, eh?" said The
Colonel.

  “He shot at us from behind,” said
I. “And what wrong had we ever done
him?"

  "How do we know what other whites
have done to him, however?" asked
The Colonel. “And these fellows put
us all under one blanket, as I under-
stand it. Make a sign to him to put
down that knife and surrender.”

  I did it as clearly as I could after
which the redskir shook his head so
that a ripple ran down through his long
hair. By gesture he told us that if
he gave up his knife and surrendered,
we would promptly cut his throat. At
this, The Colonel tapped his rifle sig-
nificantly. and the Indian nodded, as
much as to say: “I am at your mercy.
I deserve nothing else. I expect noth-
ing else!”

  “What am I to do with the fool?"
asked The Colonel, greatly exasperated.
“He won’t surrender, and I can’t
butcher him like this!"

  “Put a slug of lead through his
head,” I suggested. “That would be
the best way for everybody, Colonel.
It’s what he has coming to him!”

  “I don't want to appear on the plains
as a destroyer,” said The Colonel.
“Besides, what would we get out of
this man? Nothing, Christy. Not even
information, because we couldn’t talk
to him in his language.”

  “Very well,” said I, “it looks as
though he’ll bleed to death.”

  The Colonel was a great deal moved.
“Curse him!” said he. “lie’ll stand
there like a Roman and die. Won’t
trust himself to us and won’t surren-
der. Christy, we can’t go through with
this. He’s human under his red skin,
after all! Open up the pack and get
some bandages.”

  I did it, and The Colonel made me
open a roll of cloth and show the brave
how it would be used to wrap around
his leg and stanch the crimson flow.

Then Mr. Rutherford drew back,
waved to the copper-faced man, and
started off across the plains in our ori-
ginal direction. I was too staggered to
even argue about the thing. All I could
say was that he had now a double rea-
son for wanting to trail us and kill us.

  “If he were a wolf and not a man,"
said The Colonel, “he might do as you
say, but they’re human, these people.
I have always found that a ‘bad’ dog
has been made bad by stupid treatment.
And a ‘bad’ horse is generally owned
by a brute or a fool. Give them half
a chance and they turn out well. And
so, Christy, we’re going to give this
Indian his chance.”

  “You’re giving him two chances,”
said I, “and I suppose he’ll have both
of them hanging at his belt before an-
other day has gone by.”

  The Colonel laughed at this, but he
wouldn’t change his mind and, as we
jogged along through the wilderness, I
began to wonder what would come of
us—a boy of twelve and a madman like
The Colonel, thrown out on the prairies
together!

  He said to me a little later: “Now
that we’re getting well into the Indian
country, we have to decide what we’re
to do, Christy.”

  I admitted that that was true and 1
said that I had been wondering for a
long time just what his plans were. He
took my breath by replying:

  “Plans? Haven’t a plan in the world,
my boy. Not a plan in the world. I
know what I have to do, but I haven’t
the slightest idea of how to go about
it. You understand why I’m out here.
Christy?”

  “I know that you have to make
enough money to go back and marry
Miss Farnsworth,” said I.

  “Exactly,” responded The Colonel.
“That’s what I have to do. And 1
know that in a borderland like this,
there is always a good chance for a
fellow with a few wits and steady
32

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

nerves. My wits aren’t the best in the
world, Christy, but my nerves are spe-
cially healthy. So here we are. Only
I began to wish that some money-mak-
ing opportunities would show them-
selves ! Martha can’t wait for me for-
ever !”

  I have written down these words, I
believe, exactly as he uttered them, and
I believe that this speech should be
carved into stone, to stand as an im-
perishable monument of thoughtless-
ness. Idiots and madmen may have
done such things, but I don’t think that
any other human with brains ever took
a two-thousand-mile journey with no
better idea of what he would do at the
end of it. For my part, I would not
walk across a street without a clearer
purpose. However, The Colonel was
The Colonel, though it strains even my
credulity, when I reflect on some of the
things which he did and said.

  He watched me with a good deal of
anxiety, saying: “Christy, you don’t
seem to approve!”

  “I was only thinking it over, sir,”
said I.

  “But,” said he, “you must approve,
you know, because you are the practical
head in this party. Would never have
dreamed of starting out to make a for-
tune, Christy, without having you
along to show me how to manage the
thing. You ' must agree with me,
Christy!”

  Well, what could I do? Matter of
fact, I wanted to cry like a nervous girl
but I simply said: “There's a lot of
money out here. There isn’t any doubt
about that. Buffalo hides, and such
things. All we have to do is to get the
hang of the business.”

  “Gold, too,” said The Colonel, “bil-
lions in gold out here in the plains and
the hills. Eh?”

  “I suppose so,” said I.

  “That’s it,” said The Colonel. “Rich
land, too! Could make money, farm-
ing this land, Christy. Take all we

wanted to: inclose a hundred miles
square; raise wheat. Confound it, this
soil can grow such grass that it would
have to do well with wheat! Get
twenty bushels to the acre wiihout any
trouble—twenty bushels to' the acre.
Six hundred and forty acres :o :ke
square mile. Let’s see, that's more than
seven thousand—call it seven thousand
bushels even to the square mile. Say
that we work only a hundred square
miles. A hundred times seven thou-
sand—seven hundred thousand bushels.
Take in more land. Make it an even
million bushels of first-rate wheat every
year. Let’s see—how much money
would that bring in at present prices."

  “A whopping big fortune, sir," said
I. “You’d have to ship that crop out.
though.”

  “Build rafts. Float it down the river.
Right down the river, Christy. That’s
the thing. Wait a minute! Why not
run up some flour mills along some of
the fast streams? Yes, sir, that’s it!”
He clapped his hands together and
could hardly sit on his horse, he was
so excited. “Think of that, Christy!
Gad, but I'm glad that that idea popped
into my mind. Plain inspiration!
We’ll run up the flour naills and grind
our own wheat. Turn out the finest
brand of flour that you ever saw. Old
George knows all about milling flour,
and what do you say that we send for
him ?”

  I didn’t laugh. No. I remembered
that I was out on the prairies with this
man, and I felt a long distance from
laughing, I can tell you.

  “Well, sir,” said I, “you’d have to
fence in your ground first, before you
sent for George.”

  “Why fences?” asked he. “The In-
dians can’t be kept out bv fences!”
“Maybe the buffaloes can’t, either,”
said I. “But we’d have to try.”

  “Buffaloes, of course!” said he.
“Well, I’m glad that I have you along
to remember the little things for me,
TRAIL OF THE STONE-THA T-SHINES

33

Christy! But the fences are fixed.
I’ll build strong fences around the
whole hundred square miles, eh? That’s
the thing for us!”

  “We’ll have to buy the posts and the
boards some other place and ship them
here. That would cost a good many
thousands.” I told him.

  His face fell a good deal. “True,”
said he. “But we’d manage that. Can
you think of anything else?”

  “It would cost a good deal to bring
men out here for farm work. You’d
have to pay them for working on a
farm and fighting Indians, and that sort
of wages comes pretty high, you know!
Then there’d be the cost of buying
plows and harrows and scythes and tim-
ber for barns and seed wheat; and after
that, you can double the price for the
cost of shipping it out here.”

  The Colonel looked so sad that I felt
as though I had stabbed him in the
back.

  “Money is the first necessity,” said
he at last. “One can see that. We’ll
have to rustle about and get us some
money—through the gold mines—buf-
falo robes—or some such thing. When
we’ve made a handsome stake we’ll turn
it all into our land development pro-
ject, eh? Would you agree to that,
Christy?”

  “Certainly, sir,” said I.

  “Looks absolutely feasible to you?”
  “Certainly, sir.”

  “Matter of fact, Christy, it’s a great
idea, and you’ll admit it.”

  “Certainly, sir.”

  “It came on me out of nothing at all.
Plain inspiration,” said The Colonel.
“Write this day down in red, Christy,
because it’s the foundation of our for-
tune! Why, lad, we’ll be so rich that
you’ll never regret the years of your
life that I’ve stolen so selfishly.”
“Stolen, sir?”

  “Do you think that I’m not aware,
every moment,” went on The Colonel,
“that these are years when you ought

to be in school? But here I keep you
slaving for me. I am ashamed, Christy!
Bitterly ashamed! But from the day
that I took you by the neck, and you
ran a knife into me—from that day,
my dear lad, I knew that I would have
to buckle you to me with hoops of
steel! I knew that you had the stuff
of which the poet spoke, if only I could
bring it to light. And I have brought
it to light, Christy—so much that I keep
putting off the day when I must let
you go!”

CHAPTER VIII.

IN EXCHANGE.

AT a time like that, it was foolish to
argue with him, because when he
had fixed his mind on a subject, noth-
ing would put him off. No one could
explain matters or alter his ideas. I
could not say that I hadn’t the least
wish to let him go to school—that
I didn’t have the money to go to
school, unless he sent me—that simply
to live with him was a grand education
—that he had found me a little gutter
rat and made me into a self-respecting
youngster. I couldn’t say any of those
things, because he had his head firmly
fixed among the clouds. So I made no
attempt—and he went 011 working him-
self into a fine misery until evening,
when we found a little creek and
camped 011 the bank of it, building our
fire down close to the water, where the
blaze of it couldn’t be seen at any dis-
tance.

  After supper, I sat at my watch and
enjoyed the crispness, of the pure prai-
rie air and listened to the wind humming
through the grasses on the plains, the
water at my feet bubbling and singing.
It was all too pleasant. I remember
putting my head on my knees for a mo-
ment, to close my eyes and rest them
a breathing space.

  When I looked up, the fire was almost
out, and I was stiff from my cramped
position. Besides, I was no longer sit-
34

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

ting alone at that fire. There was a
shadow on the farther side of it, and
now that my wits all rushed back upon
me, I reached for the rifle with a gasp.
For it was an Indian, hooded in a buf-
falo robe, and looking at me with a
face of stone. Nothing stirred about
him except the feathers in his hair,
bending a little in the breeze.

  I thought, as first, that his calm was
caused by one of two things: Either
a dozen other braves had surrounded
us and we were in their hands, or else
this fellow had already cut the throat
of The Colonel and made no account of
a boy like me.

  Turning my head, I gave one swift
glance at The Colonel. No. there he
was with his fine face faintly lighted
from the fire, sleeping with a smile, like
a child. When I looked back to the
Indian, he raised a hand from beneath
his robe and greeted me with a “How!”
—so soft that it could not possibly
reach the ears of The Colonel and dis-
turb his sleep.

  I was badly shaken as to nerves, I
can tell you! I managed to raise my
own hand and whisper: “How!” in
return—since that seemed to be the po-
lite thing in the best Indian circles, for
the moment. Then I pushed a bit of
brush onto the fire, and as the flames
leaped, I saw that this chap out of the
night was none other than the very
brave who had attempted to take our
scalps that same day.

  He saw that I was filled with wonder,
and he smiled a little at me. Then he
laid a finger on his lips and pointed to
The Colonel, as much as to say that he
would explain everything if he could,
but not when his voice might awaken
the white man. His smile had a strange
effect upon me, because his features
did not seem made for gentle expres-
sion.

  But however much he did not wish
to disturb The Colonel, I distinctly felt
that this was a time when my com-

panion should be alert. All seemed
well, but there might be mischief which
a boy’s mind could not understand. So
I spoke a word that brought Mr. Ruth-
erford to his feet.

 You will understand that The
Colonel was generally so very well
poised and at ease that one rarely saw
him startled beyond control, and I
hoped that the sight of the brave might
shock him half as much as it had
shocked me. Well, it was another dis-
appointment for me. As he had said
earlier in that same day. his nerves
were fairly strong, and you would have
thought that the warrior was an old
friend whom he really expected to find
beside his fire when he opened his eyes.

  He stepped forward with his hand
extended, saying: “Friend!” A man
from Mars could have understood that
word from the gesture and the smile
that went along with it. And the brave
took the hand of The Colonel with such
energy that I could see the long muscles
quiver and jump along his arm. And
how his eyes flashed!

  This red warrior was no ordinary
man. For, copper skin or white skin,
there are degrees of manhood, and this
fellow was a hero among his kind and
a person of importance, as any one
could tell with half an eye. He had a
collar of grizzly-bear claws, and I had
seen enough of those huge brutes to
respect a fighter who decorated himself
with such gear. His clothes were of
the finest deerskin, fringed as fine as
silk at the leg and arm seams, and the
bead work on his moccasins alone must
have cost the labor of a woman through
a whole winter season. His horse,
which was now in the background, was
one of the usual dumpy, hairy beasts
which the Indians rode, though it might
have possessed extraordinary qualities,
for all that we could tell. In addition,
there was his rifle, which was new and
of a good make. What was more, it
was well-kept. And this was an ex-
TRAIL OF THE STONE-THAT-SHINES

35

traordinary feature with an Indian, as
even such greenhorns as we could tell.

  However, in spite of such dignity as
this man possessed, it warmed my
heart to see the way in which he con-
ducted himself around The Colonel.
In the first place, he caught the word
“Friend.” and kept on repeating it over
and over again, hitting a little bit closer
to the correct pronunciation eacli time.
When he had managed that, all the
while smiling and nodding at the big
white man, lie got busy in another way.

  He went down the edge of the stream
to the pony which he had been riding,
and he came back carrying the saddle
which was an extraordinarily good one.
Out of the saddlebags he brought a
shirt which he had apparently taken
along with him to make himself gaudy
in case of a great occasion arriving
while he was wandering across the prai-
rie. He had some other trinkets, to-
gether with a hatchet with an edge as
murderously sharp as a razor, an old-
fashioned double-barreled pistol which
had a rusted lock that could not pos-
sibly be fired, but which he handled
with the greatest reverence and fear,
and an excellent hunting knife.

  All of this stuff he laid out before us,
first throwing plenty of fresh brush on
our fire, so that we could have suffi-
cient light to know what he was doing.
And if he was a bit grandiloquent in
this, he could be forgiven. For at the
root of his nature, every Indian is half
a child.

  This was not all. When he had gath-
ered everything he possessed, except for
a little rope which was twisted around
the head of his pony, he stripped him-
self of all of his finery. By this time
he had reduced himself to the horse,
the rope, and a little pouchlike affair
made of the skin of a rabbit, and which
we were too ignorant to know was his
medicine bag.

Here he rested content, but not un-
til he had made gestures to show that

he would have given the horse to us,
also, except that he had a long distance
to go to his home, and his leg was
crippled with a wound. However, the
rest went to The Colonel, with the
blessings of the donor, so far as we
could make out.

  I kept waiting for The Colonel to
gather in this loot. It was a great thing
to see him standing up there, the mo?t
magnificent man that ever walked this
earth, as far as my eyes have ever seen.
He had his arms folded and his big head
thrown back a little. His face was
quite impassive, except for a little glint
at the corners of his eyes by which I
knew that he was tremendously pleased.
Well he might be, I thought, for here
was almost enough stuff to open a
museum. He could go back East and
travel with lectures on this one batch,
if he wanted to, and make a great deal
more money than he was ever apt to
gather by his visionary Western farm.

  However, I was wrong again. He
was a confounded man to decipher.
Usually he jumped the way that I
didn’t expect. He waited until the
brave was finished and was about to
leave us. Then The Colonel picked up
the saddle and carried it to the side of
the pony. After that, he fetched the
stuff that went into the saddlebags.
Finally, he pointed to the clothes of the
red man and indicated that the night
was cold. More- than that, he in-
dicated the fire, the water flowing-
gleaming by our little camp, the tall,
romantic banks of the stream, the
darkness of the night, and the glitter of
the stars beyond. And having included
the whole universe in his meaning, he
took the hand of the redskin and re-
peated the word: “Friend!” And hts
gesture waved away the rest of creation
and made it of infinitely less value.

  I can feel in my old heart now a,!';
echo, as it were, of the thrill of excite-
ment that jumped in me at that mo-
ment. The Indian could barely contain
36

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

himself; there were bright tears in his
eyes. His whole body trembled, and
his broad breast rose and fell as though
he were in pain.

  So far as he was concerned, as the
bowlers say, it was a ten-strike. He
took back his goods and he gave The
Colonel his soul in exchange.

CHAPTER IX.

“friend !”

YOU and I could have given back the
Indian’s loot just as well, but we
could never have done it as The Colonel
did. Before he ended, the material
universe was simply banished, and
nothing but human relations remained
to be worth a candle.

  After that, the warrior sat down by
our fire and we got his name out of
him, which was Sanjakakokah—with a
meaning which we were to learn later.
The Colonel then introduced himself
and me, and when the poor Indian had
tried to stagger through our appella-
tions a few times and failed miserably,
Mr. Rutherford suggested the title of
Colonel for himself, and Christy for
me. He shortened the name of the
brave to Sanja without perceptibly
hurting his feelings.

  We found out next that he was hun-
gry—which we could have guessed by
the flatness of his stomach., without the
gestures by which he indicated that the
sun had gone around the world twice
since he had eaten. The Colonel put
me to work cooking, and for his part,
he looked to the wound of our new
friend. The red man had done a very
poor job in bandaging, and the wound
was very sore and inflamed, but The
Colonel was a past master at first aid,
and he fixed up the hurt as comfortable
as you please in no time at all.

  Then we sat back and watched Sanja
eat, and by the time he had finished,
the sky was beginning to turn gray.
That didn’t bother Sanja. for when his

stomach was filled, he wrapped himself
in his robe and was sound asleep before
you could count ten.

  I whispered to The Colonel and
asked him what the upshot of this
would be. He hardly understood what
I meant, but I told him that this man
was certain to ask us to go along with
him to his tribe, wherever that might
;be, and that then we must accompany
him. The Colonel didn!t like the idea.
He declared that it would spoil every-
thing to make use of Sanja, but that
this little affair should remain simply
a pleasant memory with no other ma-
terial results.

  That, of course, was what one. could
expect from The Colonel, but I pointed
out that we had no better destination.
If he wanted to make money out of the
prairies, he would have to learn prairie
ways and prairie people, and that this
was a Heaven-given opportunity for us.
Finally, he agreed with me, though I
had a hard time of it convincing him.
In the end, he decided that we would
surely accept the invitation, if we got
one.

  The sun was well up, by this time,
and Sanja suddenly stood up and
stretched. The air was icy cold, and
the black water of the creek in the
shadow looked just a bit icier, but that
didn’t deter Sanja. He stripped off
his clothes, tied up his long black hair
in a handy knot—ridiculously as a
white woman might have done—and
then dived into that stream, bandaged
leg, and all.

  He disappeared while we stood shiv-
ering, and he came up halfway across
the stream with a shout. Then he
turned and came back toward us,
frolicking like a child in that cold bath.
When he had had enough of it, he
climbed out, whipped the water from
his body, and dressed for the ride. As
for his wounded leg, you would have
thought that he had never had any
trouble with it in ‘his life, and The
TRAIL OF THE STONE-THA T-SHINES

3?

Colonel had to force him to stop for a
new bandage.

  After that came the thing which I
had foretold. He rode out a little in
front of us, and with many gestures
persuaded us to ride, repeating:
“Friend! Friend!” He indicated a
great number of people, as much as
to say that he would take us to a
place where every one would be a friend
to us.

  “You are a rascally little prophet,”
said The Colonel to me. with a smile,
“and I suppose that we’ll really have to
go along to make this fine fellow
happy.”

  So off we went, and there was a load
off my mind. For I felt that now we
were about to make a beginning of
some sort and with The Colonel’s tal-
ents, if he wished to make money, he
would soon succeed with half a chance
to work his way on the prairies. We
went along at a good clip. I think we
were traveling for a matter of four
or five days before we came in sight
of the Indian town. The Colonel was
much impressed. He pointed out to me
that civilized men would not wander
this distance from their homes, through
hostile country, equipped with only a
rifle and a horse to make their living
as they went along, and I presume that
he was right. Here was Sanjakakokah
cruising about on the plains a hundred
and fifty miles from his base of supplies,
but simply hungering for any sort of
adventure, and most of all for scalps.

  There couldn’t have been a better
way to learn the Indian language.
Sanja was perfectly willing to try to
speak our tongue, but we insisted on
being pupils while he was the teacher.
As a teacher, he was the best in the
world. His gravity was so colossal that
nothing could shake it for an instant,
and our most ridiculous attempts to
pronounce after him some of his gut-
turals and consonantal sounds never
made him so much as smile. He was

always encouraging us and telling us
that we spoke so well he could hardly
believe that this was the first time. In
fact, he was a prime good fellow, this
Sanja.

  Fie was hungry to talk, and. we were
hungry to talk. He had a thousand
things to say, and we had talked to no
one except ourselves for weeks to-
gether. So we chattered away all day
long as we crossed the prairie, whiie
Sanja enlarged our vocabularies by
leaps and bounds. I was never able,
in after years, to make such progress
with an Indian tongue. But then our
minds were fresh. The first writing
of the prairies was inscribed upon us
by Sanjo, as upon a slate, and we really
made a remarkable bit of progress.

  We learned that Sanja was a Man-
dan; that his nation had once been
great in war and in numbers, and that!
they were still as brave as any people
on ithe plains. Their enemies—who
were all the other neighboring red-
skins—were constantly pressing back
the Mandans and thinning their ranks,
until finally the Mandans were no
longer of a sufficient strength to rove
across the prairies, with men, women,
and children on the march. They
could only send out small war parties,
or single scouts like himself, to do what
deeds came in their way.

  In the meantime, the rest of the na-
tion was cooped up in a little city which
the}'- had built on the edge of a cliff
beside the river, where the water and
the rock covered two sides of their
homes, and a strong wall guarded the
rest. Here, constantly on their guard,
like a cornered wolf which the dogs
dare not close on, they kept the Sioux
and the rest of the prairie dwellers at
a safe distance. They planted corn—
he showed us a handful of the dried
seed, much smaller than any corn which
I had seen before—and they gathered
berries, sallying out to hunt buffalo,
when chance brought a herd within
38

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

striking distance of their town. On the
whole they lived very happily, though
it was plain that Sanjakakokah yearned
to be out with his men ranging across
the plains as free as any Sioux chief
to hunt down enemies and increase the
number of scalps that hung in his
tepee.

  He talked to us about many other
things, too, and as our vocabularies
swelled, we could understand most of
what he said, though in a fragmentary'
way. It seems that he had seen us a
full three or four days before he had
finally attacked us. And the second day
of his trailing of us, he had almost tried
his hand in picking me off when I
lagged behind, in the hope that at the
sound of the shot, the big white man
might come hurrying back and be a vic-
tim to a second bullet. That was the
day, indeed, when I had received the
fright. We questioned him closely. He
swore that I could not have seen him.
Therefore it must have been a pure
matter of telepathy, though not a very
strained one, I suppose.

  We asked Sanja why he had planned
to attack men who had done him no
harm, and his answer was beautifully
illuminating to people who were not yet
accustomed to the Indian manner of
thought. A long time before—how
many years we could not find out, since
Indians are apt to be a bit inexact in
their chronology—five Mandans were
paddling a big canoe down the river
when a sudden burst of rifle fire from
the bank filled the craft with dead and
wounded. A party of whites—rascals,
no doubt, of the blackest kind—had
taken the Mandans by surprise. But
one of the party, a cousin of Sanja-
kakokah’s, had managed to dive over-
board and swim to the farther shore
in spite of a bullet through his body.
He reached the Mandan town and gave
an account of everything that had hap-
pened, before he died. Therefore, as
Sanja cheerfully told us, since that

moment he had known that it was his
duty to send to the happy hunting
grounds every white man who fell into
his hands. This he had done to the
best of his ability, having accumulated
two handsome scalps, as he assured us.

  Before he had finished this narra-
tive, I looked upon him as merely a
cheerful murderer, but The Colonel
seemed to have no such feeling toward
him. He regarded Sanjakakokah with
a calm smile and told him that he un-
derstood the exact feeling of the chief.

  This was not all. Sanja went on to
declare that he had hoped with all his
heart to take both our scalps, and that
he had followed us for many days, full
of this desire. He apologized for his
lack of success and he assured The
Colonel that ordinarily he would not
have delayed so long had it not been
that the Great Spirit who governs all
things had held back his hand against
his own will.

  Of course, that was simply another
way of saying th'at he had never been
able to come upon an opportunity which
exactly fitted his sense of safety. How-
ever, The Colonel seemed to swallow
the entire yarn, and rode on as full of
friendship as ever until, in the dis-
tance, we made out the Mandan village
on the bluff and saw that this stage of
our wanderings had come almost to an
end.

CHAPTER X.

THE VILLAGE.

AX/HEN we stood there on the ‘top of
the rise from which we had our
first view of the Mandan town, San-
jakakokah stopped his pony for a mo-
ment and laughed softly to himself.

  “You are happy, brother,” said The
Colonel.

  “How can I be anything other than
happy?” said the Indian. “I see my
city again. It is the most beautiful and
wonderful city in the world. Other
peoples build their dwellings with the
TRAIL OF THE ST0NE-1 'HAT-SHINES

39

skin of buffalo raised on poles, bux our
houses are so big and so strong that a
hundred men could stand on the top
of one o: them, and yet the house will
not fall down. And the Mandans are
not great in numbers, it is true, but
they are great wits and they are near
to the spirits of the earth and the air."

  I wanted to break out laughing at
this silly speech, but The Colonel gave
tne a side glance that ripped down to
the quick and sobered me thoroughly.

  He said: ‘'Sanja, these things that
you tell me come from the mouth of
a man who speaks the truth. But I
wish to know more. I have heard that
the Dakotas and the Pawnees and the
Cheyennes are very great nations."

  I repeat the answer of Sanjakakokah
a> nearly as we could make it out, from
our imperfect knowledge of the lan-
guage at that time.

  He said: “It is very true that the
Dakotas. Pawnees, and Cheyennes are
great peoples. And the Comanches in
the south are wonderful with their
horses. The Crows are a mighty
people, also. Their beautiful hair hangs
to the ground, and the tips of it trail
when a chief walks out. All of these
are brave and wise nations. They are
no braver in battle than the Mandans.
For the Mandans will not become
slaves. We will not join one of the
great tribes and become swallowed up
in their numbers, because we are proud.

  “I shall tell you the reason of our
pride. When the first man was made,
and the first woman, they were Man-
dans. All the other nations of the In-
dians came from that first Mandan.
And he had a son who had a black
skin. That son was the father of all
the negroes. He had another son with
a pale skin, and that son was the father
of all the white men in the world.
Therefore, because we were the first
people in the world, you will see that
we could not let ourselves be taken into
another tribe and lose our names. Be-

cause the Great Spirit would be angry
with us."

  The Colonel listened to all this non-
sense with a face as grave as though
he were hearing the gospel preached.
But he said at last: “I have heard
that the Pawnees also say that they
were the first people to be made, and
the Dakotas say the same thing. Do
they not claim it, Sanja?”

  Sanja nodded and smiled with some
contempt. “These peoples,” said he,
“because they have many braves on the
warpath, and because they take many
scalps, also flatter themselves with lies
as you say. But I shall give you this
proof that the Mandans are the first
people in the world and the nearest to
the spirits of the air and the earth and
the underwater people, also. This is
my proof, which all men know.

  “When the buffalo leave these hills
and pass far away, we might starve for
the lack of meat, because we cannot go
out and hunt at a great distance as the
other nations do, for our enemies would
come on us like rivers in the spring
floods, and wash us away. But since
we cannot chase the buffalo at a dis-
tance. we call them back to us with the
buffalo dance. Sometimes it is very
hard. We must make big medicine,
and I have seen the dance last for fifty
days and nights, but in the end, the
buffalo always come!" He said it with
a childish smile of triumph.

  “It is a great thing.” said The
Colonel. “I know of no other people
who could do such a thing.”

  “But we can do a greater thing than
this," said the Mandan serenely.
"There are times when it does not rain
for many weeks. Then the ground be-
comes dry. See—it is dry now. And
the roots of the corn may wither and
die of thirst. Then one of our young
men goes and stands on the top of a
house and makes his medicine all day,
and if the rain does not come, then the
next day another young man goes to
WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

the roof and makes his medicine. I have
seen this work kept up for twenty days,
but in the end, the medicine of some
one among the young braves is strong
enough. We see a cloud blow in from
the edge of the sky and, after that, the
rain falls, the corn drinks, and the har-
vest is saved. Since the ground is so
dry, it will be strange if they are not
making medicine to 'bring the rain to
us even now!”

  There was a certain amount of very
strong logic in all of this, even though
I had to choke to keep from laughter.
For if people could dance long enough,
the buffalo were sure to return to the
grass which they had left. And if the
young men of the village could make
“medicine” long enough, one day it was
sure to rain. However, even I could
see that it would have been very foolish
to attempt to point this out to the chief.
He was perfectly satisfied with his
reasoning and the reasoning of his
tribe. As for The Colonel, he showed
nothing but interest. He really looked
as though he believed this stuff, and
then we started on toward the town.

  In the swale beneath the village, we
came to the cornfields. There were
half a dozen Indian women and their
daughters laboring, and every stroke of
their hoes, made out of the broad
shoulder bones of buffalo, raised the
dust. They were all white and pow-
dered with the dust, also. When they
saw us they came as fast as they could
run. It was a sight partly horrible and
partly amusing to see one fat old squaw
hobbling along as fast as our horses
trotted, shouting questions at Sanja.
He paid no more, attention to these
women and their girls than he might
have paid to the blowing dust which
they raised. He simply twitched his
horse to a new course, and brought it
into a gallop.

  While we were heading toward the
village, I crowded Kitty close to Sir
Turpin and called quietly to The

Colonel: “Are we going right in with
him now, sir? Wouldn’t it be better
to stay at a little distance and have a
parley with the head chief, before we
go into what may be a trap?”

 “Every man has to take a few
chances,” said The Colonel carelessly.
“So we’ll ride right on in, Christy.
Mind that Sanja doesn’t see you talk-
ing to me like this, or he’ll think that
we don’t trust him. and I wouldn’t hurt
his feelings for the world!”

  So we made our entrance into the
town. We were sighted from the wall
before we got near the gate, and there
was already a fair-sized crowd gathered
as we rode in with Sanjakakokah.
Women and girls and boys rattled
questions at us like hail on a roof as
we pushed our horses through the
gang, but Sanja kept on, now and then
raising his hand and hailing some
friend among the warriors. They stood
here and there, and each of them gave
a start of curiosity when they saw the
two whites. But they wouldn’t demean
themselves by babbling questions like
children.

  I was busy taking stock of this vil-
lage. Certainly Sanja had been right
when he called their dwellings houses,
and not tepees, because these were
great round structures which might
house a dozen families at a time. And
on one of them, just as Sanja had
prophesied, there was a brave making
his medicine to bring the rain. He had
had quite a crowd around him, too, but
they showed him their backs when we
approached. However, this fellow had
worked himself into such a lather that
he did not seem to see us, even when
Sanja stopped and hailed him as The
Beaver and wished him good luck in
his medicine making.

• *

The Beaver went right on. He was
dressed in the white skins of mountain
sheep, fringed with black scalp locks,
a very flashy costume and a fiendishly
hot one, I suppose, for a man standing
TRAIL OF THE STONE-THA T-SHINES

41

on the roof of a house under such a
broiling sun as this was. Heat couldn’t
stop him, however. He had a lance
in one hand and a shield, covered with
gaudy daubs of color, was in the other.
He kept brandishing one or the other
of these at the sky and spouting out a
speech of which we heard a cross sec-
tion. I don’t think that there was
much else to it. He merely stood up
there and repeated the same idea over
and over again, all the long day. And
the only thing that he varied was his
emphasis, which was screaming one
moment and soft as a whisper the next.
While the crowd stood about and drank
this talk down like wine.

  “Sun,” said he, “I am The Beaver.
I must have water to drink and water
to swim in. Therefore, do not dry up
the earth. Do not melt the clouds out
of the sky. I know you, sun! You
are trying to keep back the wind which
is my friend. The kind wind has heard
the voice of my medicine. It is trying
to blow a good rain to us that will turn
the ground to mud and make the river
as yellow as paint. But you, sun, will
not let it. You keep it back with your
heat. However, you will see that the
wind and my medicine are stronger
than you to-day. The rain is coming!
The rain is coming! I can taste it in
my throat; I can smell the big drops
hitting the dust. I hear the corn drink-
ing. My medicine is not a liar. It is
a true medicine, and the rain will come.
Listen to The Beaver, sun. Listen to
me, wind!”

  Very silly stuff, but not so silly to
me, as I sat my horse in the dust cloud
of that street and watched the enthu-
siasm of that fellow on the roof. He
was a grown man, a strapping big one,
too. He had killed his enemies in
battle—witness the scalp locks with
which he decorated his very clothes.
And as I watched him broiling and
shouting and groaning at the sun and
the wind, I began to feel that perhaps

  we had come to a place where men
could hold a conversation with the ele-
ments. I didn’t have long to watch
this scene, for Sanja pressed ahead and
was suddenly mobbed by three women
and a couple of children.

CHAPTER XI.

THE QUAIL.

IT was his family. The three women

  were his wives, and the two children
—a boy and a girl—were his offspring.
He had been away from them more
than two months on his long hunt, and
I know that he must have been wild
to sit down and talk with them. How-
ever, that was exactly what he would
not let himself do.

  His son—eight or nine years old—
came with a flying leap, boosted him-
self, using his father’s foot, and sat
laughing and shouting on the horse in
front of him. It must have made the
heart of Sanja jump. But he merely
took the youngster by the hair of the
head, held him squealing and dangling,
and dropped him into the dust, almost
under the hoofs of my mare. The
mother scooped up her fallen boy with
a scream of fear and shook her fist at
me as I rode past. But that example
was enough to hold the others back.

 Sanja was asking some one if
Ompah, the head chief, was then in the
village. A middle-aged man with a
good deal of dignity listened to this
question, but before he answered it,
he ran his eyes over us. That glance
lingered on me just the split part of a
second—about as long-, say, as it takes
a hunting knife to drive to the handle.
Then his eye wandered on to The
Colonel and began to flame while he
surveyed him. There wasn’t any doubt
about what he would do to us, if he
had the ghost of a ohance. This gloomy
chap answered our guide: “Do you
know where the house of Harratta may
be found? Go there. For Harratta
42

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

has a daughter, The Quail. Harratta
is gone on the warpath, and Ompah
makes himself a fool and a woman,
waiting for Harratta to come back,
that he may ask the girl for his wife.”
“Tell me, Rain-by-night,” said Sanja,
“is it true that Ompah has at last de-
cided to take a wife?”

  “It is true,” said Rain-by-night,
that Ompah will be found making him-
self a thing that even the children in
the city laugh at—waugh!”

  With a grunt of rage and disgust,
he threw an edge of his fine buffalo
robe over his head, as though in mourn-
ing, and strode past us, with a sidewise
thrust from his eyes that glided be-
tween my ribs to my heart, once more.
He was a gloomy fellow, this Rain-by-
night, and I was glad to be away from
him. After he was gone, Sanjaka-
kokah said:

  “This is a thing more wonderful than
the absence of rain from the Mandans.
You have heard what Rain-by-night
told me. Now I tell you that Ompah
is a great chief. There was never a
greater warrior among the Mandans
than this Elk. He had never taken a
wife. He would have nothing to do
with women, and other men’s wives and
daughters cooked for him and made
his clothes and his robes. But he never
had much. He is a poor man except
in horses, of which he has a great herd
for himself. He could have bought the
most beautiful girls in the village to
have for his wives, but he would not
take them. He wanted a life of peace
when he was in the city, he would say,
and he preferred doing his fighting
from the back of a horse and against
an enemy of the whole nation. How-
ever, now it seems that he has lost
his heart. I am sorry for Ompah but
I am glad for the Mandans that we may
have a son to such a great man!”

  It was doubly impressive to hear
such talk about a chief from another
leader of the tribe. As a rule, an In-

dian prefers to talk about himself, and
he can usually manage to expand his
own exploits to a sufficient volume to
fill the ears of every auditor that he
can gather. But when he talks about
another man to praise him, it means
that that other man is big medicine,
you may be sure.

  As we went on down the street, San-
jakakokah told us that The Quail was
the daughter of a hardy old warrior—
Harratta, The Wolf. She was the
prettiest woman that ever was seen on
the prairies, and therefore it might be
that Ompah had never taken a wife be-
fore, because he had not been able to
find one who filled his mind as a man’s
wife should.

  Here we turned through a winding
of the narrow alley, and we saw in
front of us one of the queerest pictures
that I ever hope to see in this world.
In the entrance to a lodge sat an In-
dian girl who was, just as Sanja had
said, the most beautiful thing that ever
stepped upon the prairie. Just in front
of her sat a middle-aged warrior en-
gaged in painting her face. His own
face was made up in a wild combina-
tion of yellows and reds and grisly
blues, so as to make himself attractive
in the eyes of his lady love, I suppose.
And now he was improving The Ouail,
as fast as he could.

  This was the final touch in his work
of decorating her. In the dust beside
him lay three or four lengths of clothes
of various colors which he had evi-
dently tried on .her but had not liked.
The one which he had finally selected
and gathered around her was yellow
with a blue design and border, and
rather a fetching thing, it seemed to
me. He had put her in this. Then
he had put half a dozen necklaces
around her throat. He had' wound
pounds of gaudy beads around her
arms, and he had woven quantities of
the finest feathers into her hair.

  When we came closer and he turned
TRAIL OF THE STQNE-THAT-SHINES

43

his I’ace to us I saw one of the harshest
visages ever created. He could have
posed for the central figure in a child’s
dream of an Indian raid. But this
monster was so far lost in love that he
actually did not see us. We were
simply dim figures moving through the
mist that obsessed him. And he turned
his head back to the girl.

  She. however, took more interest in
us. A white man was a white man,
after all, and I suppose that she had
not happened to come across many
whites like The Colonel. As a matter
of fact, he was almost as much of an
exception among white men as she was
among Indians, but not quite. Because
the daughter of The Wolf was not only
an oddity among Indian women—she
would have been an oddity among any
set of women in the world.

  “Christy,” said The Colonel, “what
a wonderful golden girl she is—if she’d
only wipe the old fool’s paint off her
face!”

  That was the word for her—golden!
I never could find out just what blood
was in her, because I never could learn
any details about her mother. It may
be that The Quail was not of the Man-
dan blood at all, but carried off from
some border town in a raid. It may
be that her mother belonged to the
tribe and had strange blood in her. It
may be that she was simply a freak of
nature, though of course I cannot help
doubting this.

  At any rate, her hair and eyes were
very dark, but they were not black.
They were simply a dusky shade, like
the evening. And her skin was as far
from copper as it was from white. Per-
haps you’ve seen some of the Ma-
donnas which the Italians painted when
they were half mad with color? Well,
this girl was like one of those golden-
skinned Madonnas, except 'that her
color was a bit more shadowy than
anything an Italian would put down on
the canvas. Somewhere I've picked up

the theory that the Indians may be de-
scended from the Chinese, or an ante-
typal race from which both the China-
man and the red man may have evolved.
I never could take much stock in that
theory, although it might do to explain
the unusual complexion of this girl.
She might have been a throwback 'to
a type that was gone an unknown span
of centuries before.

  These big, dusky, almond-shaped
eyes looked at us with as calm a stare
as any barbarian queen could have de-
livered from a throne. Then she de-
liberately wiped the streaks of paint
from her face and gave us our first
chance to really see her. For my part,
I saw enough to understand why
Ompah had lost his wits about her.

  Sanja said: “Go into your house.
Quail. I have to speak to Ompah.”

  “Speak to him, then,” said this im-
pertinent girl. “Or do I make Sanja-
kakokah dumb?”

  There was a great deal about In-
dians and their ways that I did not
know, but T did understand that In-
dian women do what they are told to
do, and it chilled my blood a bit to
hear the girl talk in this manner. Sanja
was so enraged that he even lifted the
whip in his hand as though he was
about to strike her. But I suppose
that the presence of the big chief
stopped him. At any rate, the main
thing was that the girl remained sit-
ting there, staring at The Colonel.

  And The Colonel stared back at her.
In the meantime, Ompah pulled him-
self together a little and stood up, draw-
ing his robe around him—a whale of
a man he was when he stood up. But
his eyes still had a dazed expressior
as he faced us. He asked what it was
that Sanja wanted, and finally he
seemed to make out what had hap-
pened. Sanja was talking four or five
times faster than I could follow with
my abbreviated understanding of thy
Mandan language, at that time. Bui
44

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

I understood enough single words and
gestures to make out that the chief was
telling the great war leader how he had
trailed us and tried to lift our scalps,
and how he had been followed, shot
down, and then turned loose with a
gift by this odd .giant of a white man.

  By degrees, the big chief recovered
from his trance and began to under-
stand, and when he understood and
came wholly to himself, he did all that
we could have asked of him. He came
to The Colonel and shook hands with
him. He said that Sanjakakokah was
his brother, and that having spared the
life of Sanja, we had spared his own.

  Then he led the way to his own
lodge, pointed out that there was va-
cant room around its walls, and begged
us to stay there with him. Here Sanja
put in to the effect that he could not
allow us to go anywhere except to the
house where he himself lived. So that
Ompah could only wind up with offer-
ing us the freedom of the town, so to
speak, and hoping that we would make
them happy by forgetting to leave their
nation. After that, he began picking
up stuff to give us as a present, but
The Colonel managed to extricate us,
and we went off with Sanja sure of one
thing, at least, that with the protection
of the war chief around us, no Mandan
would dare to handle us lightly.

CHAPTER XII.

THE MUSIC OF THE NIGHT.

\JJ7E found ourselves that night in a
great hut with a ■fifty-foot diam-
eter, with a pair of beds assigned to us,
and plenty of time to stare around at
the strange furnishings of that house.
There was a whole circle of these little
bed chambers, each fenced in with elk
and buffalo skins, and in the four or
five foot space between the beds there
stood a post on which the belongings
of the warrior hung his war club, his
ax, his headdress, his spear, his quiver.

bow, and arrows, his strong shield, his
medicine bag, and, top of the post in
every case, the head and horns of a
buffalo with a pendant strip of skin and
the tail sweeping the floor. Those buf-
falo masks stared at me with their hol-
low eyes that night like a circle of
devils.

  For half the night I could not dream
of sleeping. It wasn’t the strange-
ness of the place alone that kept me
awake, but my ears were not yet ac-
customed to the noise of an Indian vil-
lage. I had always imagined Indian
towns as places of majestic silence in
the midst of the prairies, but I was a
thousand times wrong. If there had
been nothing else than the dogs, the
town of the Mandans would have made
a good study for the noises of Hades.
For in every family there seemed to
be a score of wolfish, starving, skulk-
ing brutes, and every now and then a
dog in a far corner of the town would
discover something in the wind, or
scratch up a buried bone, or get into
a fight that would attract the attention
of every other dog in the place. The
whole canine population started with a
yelp and tried to pile over to the cen-
ter of attraction in two jumps. Then
there was a grand turmoil of snarling,
screeching, and howling, as twenty
fights started. But before those fights
were settled, something was sure to
happen in another corner of the camp,
and the whole mob scooted in that di-
rection.

  The dogs were not alone as noise
makers, however. Half a dozen young
men felt inclined to have a concert that
evening, and unluckily they selected the
roof of the house next to ours for their
show. It was a grand affair. Each
of the young men took turns in, sing-
ing the lead. The rest of them sat
about beating drums or rattling bones
and moaning out a burden while the fel-
low who was elected to relieve his
spirits for the time being screeched
TRAIL OF THE ST0NE-THAT-SHINES

45

like a wild cat with a knot tied in its
tail. When his throat began to show
signs of wear—another pair of lungs
of brass took up the good work where
■he left off.

  I kept looking about our own house
ito see how long the grave and staid
■warriors would stand for this non-
sense. but they paid no attention to it
at all. Finally, The Colonel said to
Sanja:

  “The young men have strong voices,
Sanja."

  Sanja looked up and appeared to be
'hearing that vocal maelstrom for the
■first time, saying: “That is White
Buffalo and some of his friends, and
they are singing because they are to
go on the warpath at the first favorable
time of the moon. It is a pleasant thing
to hear the brave young men of the
Mandans telling how they will destroy
their enemies and bring home scalps.”

  Even The Colonel was a bit stag-
gered by this. It sent him off to his
bed, and I retired to mine, as I’ve said
'before, only to lie staring out through
the entrance gap at the leap and glow
of the fire which smoked or burned in
the center of the house. I say smoked
or burned, advisedly. Sometimes the
flames jumped up happily toward the
big hole in the center of the roof which
was supposed to serve as a chimney.
Most of the time it didn’t serve as a
chimney at all; it wasn’t even a par-
tial excuse for one. And when the
wind puffed from a certain quarter,
great white billows of that smoke
rolled down and back and curled into
the obscurest corners of the house—
including my lungs as I lay there
coughing and trying to breathe. It
was not pleasant-smelling smoke, either,
for anything that can be made to burn
is good enough for a Mandan’s fire. I
only thank Heaven that they had not
discovered rubber up to that time!

  After a while, the sextet on the ad-
joining roof got a bit hoarse and went

off to bed. But just as I was begin-
ning to give thanks, a young brave
came walking into our own lodge,
helped himself to a handful of buffalo
meat from the pot that steamed night
and day above the fire, and, when he
had fortified himself with that, broke
into a little impromptu dance, circling
around the room, ihooting and screech-
ing in such a key that a pain settled in
my brain and began to throb with every
beat of my heart. This temporarily in-
sane young man was merely telling how
he had had a good evening gambling,
and how he had won two horses and an
old shirt from Old Pipestem in the
course of the night. He yelled himself
out of the house, at last, and went off
through the town, still whooping it up,
leaving an echo and an ache in my
mind. I actually prayed for the next
dog chorus to begin and drown out the
“song” of this young gambler.

  Now, however, matters quieted down
to such an extent that I could hear the
crying of the baby in our house. You
may have noticed that a baby will
usually make itself heard. Yes, time
and paticnce may be required, but a
baby has oceans of both qualifications,
and a little noise-making art of its own.
I have often looked with wonder at a
baby. It is a standing proof of the
old doctrine that only a poor workman
casts blame upon his tools. For here
is a mite of humanity whose lungs can-
not possibly hold more than a handful
Of air, and yet which can handle that
bit of air so deftly that it rivals the
best and longest-winded piper that ever
called down the eagles in a highland
glen.

  It is not mere volume; it is the way
a baby does it, that counts. First it
establishes a regular rhythm, and that
rhythm of crying sinks in on your brain.
You adjust yourself to the beat of the
tune, as it were, and get your nerves
fortified and composed. But just as
that happens, the baby shifts to an up-
46

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

per register and charges on your atten-
tion with an entirely new harmonic
scheme of things. Take it all in all, a
thunderstorm can be a considerable
disturbance, but 1 would back any
three-months baby against the most
ripping thunder that ever deafened the
mountains and shook loose the upper
pinnacles of rock.

  A thunderstorm has a comparatively
small register. Also, it cannot help
being rather grand and soul expanding.
But the crying of a baby is simply
mean and wicked and acid. It wears
out the heart like water dropping on a
stone.

  Well, as I said before, there was a
crying baby in that lodge. I didn't think
much of it while the sextet was per-
forming on the near-by roofs, or while
the young gambler was telling the
world about his good luck. But after
those disturbances died away and the
camp reverted to the comparative
silence of the dog fights, the snoring
warriors, the talking women, the crack-
ling fires, and the sneezing of smoke-
irritated lungs, the baby began to as-
sert itself. It had simply been getting
in voice during the first part of the
evening. Now it tuned up in earnest
and in another ten minutes. I was sit-
ting up and gasping and wondering
what could be done to keep the poor
mite from choking to death. Or would
it not be wiser to put a merciful end
to its misery?

  Just then the squaw shifted her po-
sition and brought herself into view of
me. She was squatting by the fire
with a year-old boy in her lap. That
youngster was the one who was using
its voice on the rest of the world. It
gave its mother the full benefit of hands
and' feet. It kicked her, beat her,
yanked her hair, and screamed most
loudly when she dared to remove its
grip from her nose, which the boy was
extra fond of pulling. The manner in
which the poor squaw absorbed this

punishment and kept on dandling and
stroking and cooing to the youngster
was an amazing thing. I was twelve,
at that time, but I then made a sur-
mise which I have repeated many times
since—that a mother must be almost
equal parts of fool and saint.

  Presently, a buffalo robe was thrust
aside, and a tall brave appeared.

  “Now,” thought I to myself, "the
boy will get the first spanking of his
young life. How I hope that the strong
right arm of that warrior doesn’t grow
tired too soon!”

  No, I was entirely wrong. This fel-
low who looked ugly enough to
slaughter a.sleeping city, merely squat-
ted on his heels and looked at the little
thing with much painful attention and
affection. He seemed delighted when
the boy stopped crying in order to get
a good hold on his father’s ear with
one hand and whack him in the face
with his other fist.

  “You see,” said this red-skinned
idiot,” that even before he can speak,
my son knows his father, and this
father knows his son. He is hungry.
That is why he makes such noise!”

  He reached into the pot of buffalo
meat and gave the baby a whole hand-
ful. The child had no sooner swal-
lowed it than he piped up again a
little louder than before. But there sat
the pair of them—father and mother—
dandling that devil-inspired youngster
for another hour until it grew tired of
pommeling them, at last, and fell asleep
in the middle of a screech. The mother
was asleep, too—poor tired thing—
with her body sagged against one of
the posts which supported the meat
kettle. But even in her sleep she was
smiling, as though to placate that vei-
ling and wonderful son of hers.

  After that, I managed to get to sleep
in my turn, and I dreamed that I was
an Indian father with a whole flock
of children. It was a rare bad one.
even for a nightmare!
TRAIL OF THE STONE-THAT-SHINES

47

CHAPTER XIII.

A DANDY.

OERHAPS I have allowed you to
have the impression that this was
an exceptional pair of Indian parents,
but they were the ordinary thing among
the Mandans and among all the other
tribes, so far as I was ever able to
learn. A child is considered to have
its own privileges, and these are, first
and foremost, the right to yell when
it feels so inclined. An Indian would
never dream of kicking a dog merely
because it was yelling at the moon.
Neither would he dream of punishing
a child for crying.

  In the morning, I was a bit groggy,
and even the magnificent nerves of The
Colonel seemed to have been a bit-
strained by the ordeal of the night be-
fore—not that I intend to infer that
the day was much quieter. The dogs
were tireless. Day or night made no
difference to them. Their lungs were
simply equal to any and all demands
that could be made upon them. The
children were screeching all day long,
too, and every now and then, one o'f
the braves would be inspired to break
into a dance, for no particular reason,
prancing around in a circle, like a
rooster courting a hen, and yelling or
chanting at the top of his lungs.

  This comparison struck me that
morning—that Indians are like school-
boys who are enjoying a recess. The
difference being that the Indians never
go to school and always are enjoying
the recess.

  Sanja was 011 hand as soon as we
turned out. He showed us the best
way down to the river, where we all
had a swim, and The Colonel did his
shaving in the cold water. That did not
bother him, however, for small matters
never weighted on his spirits. We
climbed back to the plain above in time
to see an odd performance going on
among the hills.

  All the 'boys who were old enough
to run at a decent clip and keep it up
for any time, were drawn out of the
town and split into two parties, with a
wise old warrior ait the head of each
band. They had play bows and rush
arrows, together with wooden knives in
their belts, and each youngster had a
little tuft of dried grass on top of his
head, to represent a scalp lock. After
that, they were led through all manner
of maneuvers. The two warriors got
their bands into good, defensive posi-
tions among the hills, and then they
started the two gangs for one another.

  They went through all the work of
sham attacks and feints and retreats,
setting off the fine points of Indian
tactics and, in the meantime, giving
those boys enough running to kill off
most grown white men. Finally, the
two lines closed; that is to say, they
came to close range and- began to shoot
off their arrows. The moment that an
arrow struck a vital place, the victim
had -to drop “dead,” while the lucky
fellow who had shot the arrow ran up
and “scalped" the dead boy with his
wooden knife. The scalp was the tuft
of dead grass, which was put into the
belt of the victor, and then the young-
ster ran back to help his party as
before.

  I thought, altogether, that it was the
most exhausting game that I could
have imagined, and it made me ache to
think of going through such maneu-
vers. Then, when the battle was ended,
the whole party trooped back into the
town, and we entered with them.

  It was a great sight to see the boys
carry on. They whooped it up for a
while as though they had really done
great things, and what amazed me was
that the grown men stood around and
seemed perfectly serious when they
heard the boys boasting about what
they had done.

  The reason for that seriousness was
partly to encourage the boys to fight.
.48

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

and partly to encourage them to talk.
For an Indian who cannot boast, is not
apt to be much considered. You must
not think that boasting and lying are
practically synonymous among Indians,
as they are among whites. When an
Indian boasts there is always a grain
of truth at the bottom of what he has
to say. The art of the speaker is in
making that grain of truth color all his
chatter. And the art of the listener
is to be able to tell by the color of the
boast the amount of real fact that is
contained in it. So you would see the
older braves listening to .these screech-
ing youngsters in turn, and going from
the windy ones to those who had
actually done something.

  After all, this part of the celebration
was only a “warming up" for what fol-
lowed. The boys who had taken scalps
then stepped forward and began a
scalp dance that was fairly blood-curd-
ling. For half an hour that dance had
the city ringing. Then it subsided. The
excitement vanished completely. But
I could realize in what a manner the
ferocity of these people was trained
and encouraged from their infancy.

  After the games of the boys had
ended, The Colonel and I consulted
about our next best moves, and we had
a considerable talk on the subject.
When he asked my advice I admitted
frankly that I had no idea how we could
get into a prosperous business by the
means of people like these. Neither
had The Colonel a thought of how to
commence. But I felt that this con-
nection we had made with the Mandans
was a foothold of some sort and I sug-
gested that we simply wait here in the
town for a time—until we saw the
Mandans a bit tired of our company,
or until we had a chance to do some-
thing worth while for ourselves.

  He agreed to this, but he seemed
rather anxious. “I dreamed all night
about Martha Farnsworth,” said The
Colonel. “Confound it. Christy. I

haven't sent her a letter for a month
or even for more than that. And it
is a weight on my mind. Suppose that
she gives me up for dead and picks up
another man, like young Gilmore—that
sleek-faced young puppy! I worry
about it. And we have to turn a trick
of some sort. Have to get something
out of this. Money or reputation,
Christy! So look around you and see
what there is ahead of us, will you?
Wake your wits up, Christy. You’re
always able to find something!”

  Sometimes it seemed to me a little
unfair that The Colonel should put
burdens O'f this nature and this weight
on my mind. But I was fairly used to
it. He always came to me when he
was in a corner, and I was accustomed
to thinking for the pair of us. Though
how we were to make capital out of a
lot of poor red-skinned beggars who
had nothing worth while except runt
horses and buffalo skins, I could not
tell.

  We went down the street together,
and Sanja came along with us. He
proposed that it would be a good idea
to go listen to the medicine that was
being made that day to bring the rain.
He said that there was no doubt that
the rain would come. The Mandan
young men alzvays made medicine
which brought the storm clouds, but
this time it seemed an extraordinary
hard job. They had used up a great
many of their young men in a vain
effort, but none had developed a medi-
cine great enough to make any impres-
sion on the sky—strange to say!

  Now he understood that a youthful
brave named Stone-that-shines had that
day taken post 011 the roof of the medi-
cine lodge and he had heard that the
brave was making a really heroic effort
to bring down the rain. So that it
might be worth our while to go listen
to him and give him our good wishes—
and what could foe better than the good
prayers of such a hero as The Colonel ?
TRAIL OF THE STON E-T HAT-SHINES

49

  We went along with Sanja until our
way was blocked by a young man who
rode a horse very slowly before us, and
who seemed to me the most beautiful
picture of an Indian that I had ever
seen or even dreamed of. It was a
piebald horse, in the first place, and a
perfect beauty, with its colors rubbed
up and set off -to perfection. The rider
sat on a saddle of beautifully white
mountain-sheep skins. Saddle and
bridle were a mass of jingling little
brass bells, all burnished until they
shone as brightly as they tinkled. He
had an elaborate headdress of feathers,
and his clothes consisted of a tightly
fitted suit of shining white skins, all
covered with beautiful beadwork. His
long black hair hung down beneath his
stirrups and as he rode along, he cooled
himself by waving a fan of feathers.

  “What great man is this?” asked
The Colonel softly of Sanja.

  “Great man? Great man?” said
Sanjakakokah, his lips curling with dis-
gust. “Ah, my friend, this is no great
man, but a shadow and a disgrace to
the Mandan people. His father was
d worthy man, and my friend. If he
were living now, he would first use his
knife to stab that rascal in the heart
and let the crows eat his flesh. There
is no greatness about him. You see
that he has fine clothes and a pretty
appearance. But that is his whole
work. He does not ride to battle with
the Mandans. He does not work to
gather game for the meat pots. All
that he performs is to make himself
beautiful and to whisper lies to the
women as they are working, so that
they may make beadwork for him and
give him food when he comes begging
like the coward and the villain that
he is!”

  “A dandy!” said The Colonel to me
with a smile. “Nothing to do but to
make himself fine! Oh, Christy, how
I wish that some of the dressy young
men in Virginia could be on hand here

to listen to what Sanjakakokah has to
say of dandies and dandyism! It does
me good to hear him! But there's an-
other dandy on the roof of the medi-
cine lodge!”

   It looked like another beau, as a
 matter of fact. But when we came a
 little closer and mingled with the crowd
 which was listening to the shouting of
 this youth, we could see that there was
 a difference.

   For instance, the burnished necklet
 which he wore was made of the nar-
 row, deadly claws of a mountain lion,
 which this brave must have killed in
 battle. His shield was beautifully
 whitened, to be sure, but it was so pon-
 derously made of the thickest hide of
 the buffalo’s back joined together in
 layers, that it looked capable of turn-
 ing a rifle bullet. And at the end of
 his lance, streamed the scalps of three
 enemies.

   This was very apparently a young
 man, but it was certain that he was
 an important man already, !u spite of
 his youth.

CHAPTER XIV.

THE MEDICTNE BAG.

 rPHIS warrior on the roof of the
 medicine lodge was capering and
 dancing and shouting and crooning a
 good deal as the man of yesterday had
 done. Yet there was a difference which
 struck even inexpert eyes like those of
 The Colonel and myself. This brave
 had made himself fine, because he was
 going to stand the eye of his nation and
 of his God. Furthermore, he knew
 that the corn was dying in the fields
 ' and that a famine might follow. He
 was not only excited, he was desperate,
 and religion seemed to give him a
 drunken enthusiasm.

   He said: “Hear me, wind of the
 southeast; hear me, clouds of mist
 which are filled with cold water in
 rivers; I demand that you hear me and
 I am worthy of being heard. Because
50

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

I stand here to make a sacrifice. Others
have offered you their best buffalo
robes. Others have killed for your
sake their favorite dog. or even their
fastest horse. But 1 shall do some-
thing more than this. Hear me. wind
and cloud, and all my dear people—
unless the rain falls on our city this
day, I shall sacrifice myself! And this
is how the thing shall be done. Unless
the rain fall this day, I shall take off
this shield. I shall throw away my
medicine bag. I shall throw down my
rifle and my spear and my knife. I shall
creep away and never raise my head
where the warriors boast again. I shall
burn my three scalps in honor of the
Great Father And I shall live among
the women and the dogs! This I shall
do unless I draw down the rain. But
I shall draw it down. I feel the cool-
ness of the shadow of the clouds com-
ing upon my heart. Do not fear,
women who hoe the dust of the corn-
field. T shall bring down the cold
showers of the rain this day. Or else
I shall be a sacrifice!”

  This was his speech, repeated over
and over with a very few variations,
throughout the entire day. But his
audience didn’t mind repetition. They
listened with silent enthusiasm and awe.
for the thing which the young Stone-
that-shines was offering to do was a
good deal more than a threat to com-
mit suicide. He declared that he would
condemn himself to' a life among the
women and the dogs, giving up his
standing as a warrior, if he failed to
bring the rain this. day. The danger
in which he stood, from the Indian’s
point of view, was that of a sort of
living death.

  It impressed the Mandans terribly.
They grew positively pale when they
heard of this dreadful sacrifice which
the youngster was offering to make.
Sanja, for instance, could not look on
the picture after a single glance, but
he turned away, saying that it made him

sick and weak to think of such a thing
—and such a useful warrior lost to the
not over-thick ranks of the Mandan
fighters!

  Here there was a general murmur of
applause, for young Stone-that-shines,
in the midst of a frantic capering
across the roof, suddenly opened his
medicine bag and took out its contents.
Now, a medicine bag is a sort of a sec-
ondary soul to an Indian. He first goes
out. when he is on the verge of man-
hood and. sleeping in the midst of the
prairie or on some dangerous buffalo
trail, he dreams of an animal which is
then sacred to him. It may be a mouse
or a beaver or a toad or a rabbit. When
he wakes up from his dream, he kills
the first specimen that he can find of
the creature which had appeared to him
in his sleep, and with its cured skin
he makes his medicine bag. Sometimes
it is a huge affair and great inconveni-
ence for a warrior to carry about with
him. Sometimes it is a tiny skin of a
young frog which can be tucked away
out of sight and never noticed, except
in the most careful search of the per-
son of a fallen warrior.

  Such searches are always made when
a warrior drops a foeman. If he can
come out of battle carrying his own
and his enemy’s medicine bags, it is
not only a curiously interesting battle
trophy but also a double soul equip-
ment, as one might say. It doubles a
man's importance on earth and it
doubles his importance in the shadowy
life hereafter.

  Once a medicine bag is lost or stolen
or taken in battle, it can never be re-
placed. The greatest chief in the
whole tribe would not dare to fabri-
cate a new medicine bag to take the
place of one which had been disposed
of. But if he can lay hands upon the
medicine bag of an enemy, then he is
saved again,-and he is able to lift his
head without shame among his fellows

  I have enlarged on the theme of the
TRAIL OF THE ST ONE - T H A T-SHINES

51

medicine bag so much and so long be-
cause I want it to be understood that
an Indian fighter would almost as soon
open his heart as open his medicine bag
before the eyes of the world. Usually
the bag is stuffed with dead, dried moss,
or some other stuff which is very light,
but gives the bag a living shape. In
addition, it of course holds some mys-
terious element of the spirit world.
That is its great importance!

  However, Stone-that-shines opened
his medicine bag before the entire
crowd, and with a groan of wonder at his
daring courage and recklessness passed
over the host that watched him, he ex-
tended above his head in one hand what
looked to me like a ball of living yellow
fire. It looked like a segment of the
blazing sun itself, which now poured
down from the center of the sky.

  I looked at The Colonel and I saw in
his eyes a faint reflection of that same
yellow fire which blazed in the hand of
the warrior. It was1 perfectly easy to
understand how the brave had acquired
his name. He had actually found a
stone that shone. But my thought was
The Colonel’s thought, and The
Colonel’s thought was mine. Who
could tell if the Indian might not have
discovered some wonderful outcropping
of diamonds on the prairies or among
the hills that bordered it?

  We crowded as close as we could and
strained our eyes, but the instant that
Stone-that-shines had finished prancing
in his first direction along the roof of
the medicine lodge, and had turned
back toward his first position, the blaz-
ing fire died out of the stone which he
held, and all that was bright in it was
a few glittering, dazzling eyes of fire.
Whatever it might be, it was certain
that it was 110 jeWei—no diamond, at
the least!

  The Colonel, having stared his fill at
it, suddenly turned around and drew
me out of the crowd, asking: “Christy,
what can the thing be?”

  “Wouldn’t I give my eyeteeth to have
a look at it?” said I. “But I can’t tell
what it is, any more than you can. It
looked very much like .fire to me, at
first!”

  “Christy,” said he, “you may laugh,
I know, but I tell you that we have our
first sight of the treasure which I’m go-
ing to find and to take back to Virginia
with me, where I’ll marry Martha
Farnsworth, and send you away to
school.”

  He was beginning to have this dream
right out in the middle ol the day,
Which wouldn’t do. It didn’t seem
healthy at all.

  I said: “Colonel, that’s 110 diamond.
Looked to me like a big chunk of glass
—and that’s all!”

  “What?” cried The Colonel. “There
was something that glittered in that
glass, though!”

  “Yes, some sort of coloring,” said I.
“They used to make balls of glass with
sparkling stuff in it, when I was back in
Virginia. You've seen them, too. And
what that brave has in his hand is
simplv a chunk of one of those broken
balls/1 think.”

  This took down The Colonel a good
deal. He complained: “How could
a grown man be such a fool over a piece
of broken glass, Christy? Will you tell
me that?”

  “Why,” I said, “the Indians never go
by the price of a thing. Beads are just
as good to them as emeralds and rubies.
It’s just the first flash of a thing that
counts with them. And so this Stone-
that-shines has turned a little broken
glass into big medicine.”

  “And now,” growled The Colonel,
“he stands on the roof like a perfect
fool and tells the sun to notice the part
of itself which he is holding in his hand.
And he is pointing out to the rest of
the tribe that the bit of sun which he
holds does not burn him, although it is
hot enough to shine. What rot,
Christy! And if there’s nothing in the
52

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

thing, why don't the Mandans make a
laughingstock of him?”

  “Because partly they’re too polite,”
said I, “and partly they really like to
believe in wonderful things.”

  I think that The Colonel's feelings
were really badly hurt because I refused
to allow him to make anything wonder-
ful out of this glittering handful which
Stone-that-shines had in his medicine
bag.

  It was about time for eating, we
thought, so we stepped into the first
lodge that we came to and helped our-
selves from the pot of buffalo meat.
That was the rule for a stranger. It
didn't make much difference whether
he was a guest of one man or of an-
other. As long as he was a friend of
the tribe’s, he could go to any man’s
food supply and take what he wanted—
and welcome, too! The squaws didn’t

and a wrinkled old hag reached into the
meat pot almost elbow deep until she
found a sizable and tender chunk, which
she handed to me.

  I couldn’t refuse. I think that I
would have, if it hadn’t been for The
Colonel’s eye, fixed steadily on me with
a good deal of danger in it. I had to
take that meat and thank the old squaw,
and eat it in front of her eyes. Other-
wise, she would have been insulted,
which would have meant an insult to
the lodge, which would have been an
insult to every warrior living in that
lodge. Which gives you an idea of how
Indian courtesy worked forward and
backward, from- high to low, and big to
little!

  We were getting out of that lodge
when a bit of misfortune came my way
in the shape of a brave who was just
balancing between boyishness and man-
liness, with nothing much to give either
way.

scowl at us for invading their larder.

They came up, grinning, and nodding,

To be continued in the next issue of WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE.

RIVALS PEG-LEG GARFIELD

OILVER BOW COUNTY, MONTANA, has a deputy sheriff who, in some
respects rivals the famous fictional sheriff so well known to readers of
Western Story Magazine as “Peg-leg” Garfield. The Montana peace officer is
Elias Sperling, eighty-six years old, and he is on duty every day in his capacity
as deputy sheriff of Silver Bow County. He does not have the wooden leg and
other properties of the picturesque Peg-leg, but he is every bit as spry in other
ways, notwithstanding his advanced age.

    Mr. Sperling has many interesting reminiscences both of the old and the
new West. He recalls hearing a debate at Buffalo, New York, between Abraham
Lincoln and Stephen A. Douglas, in their political campaign of I860. He turned
to the West in 1872, first going to the western part of Texas, but later making
Montana his objective. lie rhade the trip from Texas to St. Louis partly by
stage and partly by rail. From St. Louis he journeyed by rail to Corrin, Utah,
and from there, he made a long trip by stage to Bozeman, Montana. In those
days, Bozeman was a thriving little town of about a thousand inhabitants, and
the region round about was a mecca for pioneers, cowboys, fortune seekers, and
others attracted by the tales of the wealth that the new country offered.
When OiucMiriId Bite Chndde

§? W, D. Hoffman,

 Author of “Shorty Inherits a Ranche£c.

LTIiOUGH Sam Canutt
would not have won a
movie contract for looks
—his ears stuck out, and
his nose was long; his
hands were huge, and his
feet oversize—in the saddle he was al-
most graceful. His bowlegs fitted his
broncho like a glove, and his short,
wiry little figure swayed with the move-
ment of his mount as though grown
there. Born to the cow country, one
would have told at a glance. Now, as
he rode into Ticote. his face was solemn,
almost sad, save for the droll expres-
sion about the wide mouth,, the only hint
that he was the little puncher from Dry
River known in his own bailiwick as
“Chucklin* Kid.”

A total stranger in Ticote, the wild,
volcanic barrens of northern Arizona,

Chucklin’ Kid Canutt was none the less
the bearer of a letter that would intro-
duce him to Judge Lamison, the Ticote
lawyer, as an individual of importance.
Sam had ridden for ten hours west-
ward from Dry River through sharp-
rock country; he was hungry, and his
mount was tired and footsore. Hence
he looked first after his horse, dis-
mounting at the town corrals, leaving
instructions for feeding. Then he hied
himself into the Chinese restaurant next
door.

  lie ordered a pair of chicken dinners,
radishes, olives, celery, two pieces of
apple pie, and ice cream. For the first-
time in his life he felt rich. But that
did not lighten his blues.

  “I feel discouraged, and me a heir!”
he muttered, settling back in his chair.
“I knowed plumb well T didn’t like
54

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

this country—nothin’ but rocks and
lava! My dream is blasted. Down in
Dry River chey’s at least some grass. I
wouldn’t stick here if I inherited the
whole country, let alone a little thou-
sand-acre ranch of rocks. [ reckon I'm
homesick for the boys!”

  And he was. For a month he had
been in Kansas City settling up his
uncle's estate. He had landed in Dry
River just long enough to cache his
city-visiting dude clothes and start
north to claim his ranch. The letter
he carried was from the legal firm in
Kansas City to Judge Lamison, anent
the cowboy heir and the Bar T Dot
property.

  His spirits rose somewhat as he fin-
ished the meal. He walked out and
up the dusty street to the weather-
beaten building from which hung the
shingle: “Judge T. I. Lamison, Attor-
ney at Lav/.”

  The judge—whose title was purely
honorary—sat at his desk playing soli-
taire ; he was a lanky, alkali-dusty indi-
vidual in faded shirt, suspenders, boots,
and spurs, one who rode daily to and
from his ranch place eighteen miles out
of Ticote. Beneath shaggy, gray brows
a pair of mild-brown eyes twinkled
genially. Chucklin’ Kid Canutt liked
his appearance: he looked honest. Sam
extended the letter and watched the
lawyer's eyes widen as he read it. Judge
Lamison’s gaze swept to the cowboy,
appraising him critically.

  “We-all thought the new owner was
a city man—a tenderfoot.” The judge
scratched his head. “Gil Crawford will
be surprised, so will ‘Bowie’ Kurtz and
the whole Frying Pan outfit.”

  Sam Canutt chuckled. “They the
ones that’s offered me twentv thousand,
ain’t they? Well, I'm goin’ to take it.
sight unseen, without even travelin’ up
to look her over. The stock’s about
worth that, and I wouldn't give a Mex
nickel for this whole blamed so-called
range!”

  The judge smiled. “It’ll save vuii a
mite of trouble to do that, Mr. Canutt
—to sell. I mean!”

 “Yea-uh? Huh? How?” Sam
slowly manufactured a cigarette.

  “It’ll save Gil Crawford and the
syndicate a lot of fuss, forcing you io
sell. That’s what they planned to do.’-
“Yea-uh!” The Chucklin’ Kid's
protruding ears seemed to jerk for-
ward, and his chaps-incased legs
whipped up under the chair. “How
come ?”

  “Syndicate—the Frying Pan—has
been swallowing up everything gradu-
ally. (jot some tough hombres working
for them. Of course, I don’t want to
discourage you—seeing you’re a cow-
man. I had made up my mind to ad-
vise you to sell, thinking you were a
tenderfoot, and would not have a
chance. Even as it is, you’ll have a
hard time bucking the big Frying Pan
outfit. They fought your uncle for
years, drove off his stock, and maver-
icked his calves. Of late years he
stayed away, as you know, leaving a
foreman here named Gillis to run
things—and ‘Cross-eye' Gillis, between
us, is a tool of Gil Crawford and the
syndicate!"

  “Whe-ee!” Sam Canutt whistled,
and a throaty chuckle came from him.
“This is plumb inter-restin’! Glad I
come!" He showed a row of glisten-
ing teeth. “Resume t”

  “Not much to add.” Judge Lamison
shook his head. “They offered the
twenty thousand—not a bad figure—
and i communicated the offer to the
K. C. firm. Bowie Kurtz, Crawford’s
foreman, came down Monday, and
asked me to mention to the new owner
what happened to another stranger. H.
H. Blair, who tried to run cattle up on
the Cougar.”

  The Chucklin’ Kid looked solemn as
an owl. “What happened to Mister
Blair, jedge?”

  “Thev burned him out and ran his
WHEN CHUCKLIN’ KID DIDN’T CHUCKLE

55

beef over the cliffs into Cougar
Canon.”

  "Oh, that all?” remarked Sam dis-
appointedly. “They didn't do him any
bodily harm—personal?”

  “He got out too fast.”

  The Kid breathed a sigh of relief.
“Then they's a chance for me. Yea-uh 1
They'll burn me out—the sin-dy-kate
will and run my beef over them Cougar
cliffs? You mean, jedge, the'y'11 jest
natcherly ruin me, in a business way,
if I don’t sign on the dotted line?”

  “That’s about it—or try to,” the law-
yer affirmed seriously. “You might get
along, being a cowman, if you’d hire a
hundred hands that liked a scrap. Then
it would be doubtful. The Frying Pan
Syndicate has a million behind it.
Crawford, their agent and Kurtz,
foreman, have instructions to bust
all the little outfits. As your at-
torney, I might suggest waiting until
the syndicate makes trouble, then put-
ting Crawford and Kurtz under bond.
But the Frying Pan has money enough
to fight even that. Frankly, I’d advise
you to sell, as I intended to do when
I thought you were a tenderfoot.”

  Chucklin’ Kid Canutt scratched his
curly head. “That shore is inter-restin’.
Here I come up here b’ilin’ mad at this
whole rock-lava country, cussin’ a
region where there wasn’t enough grass
for sheep, decidin’ I’d close the deal
and sting them suckers that offered me
the twenty thousand. It did look most
discouragin’. And now you spring this
promise uh trouble, robbery, arson, and
mebbe murder, temptin’ me to stay right
here where my new ranch is located at!
Dang me, now I gotta stick!” Sam
kicked at his war bag disgustedly.

  Judge Lamison’s jaw fell. “You
mean you’re going to run the ranch
yourself, just because of some of their
threats ?”

  “Uh huh. Jedge, where is this Craw-
ford person, as is agent for said sin-dy-
kate ?”

  “The bank here is his headquarters;
he’s out of town now but will be back
this afternoon, ready to conclude the
deal.”

  “He shore kind of counted on me
sellin’, didn’t he, jedge?”

  “Yes, he did, knowing I would
present the facts—and thinking you an
Eastern dude.”

  The Chucklin’ Kid rolled his big, blue
eyes. “Jedge, if I was a pore, ignorant
tenderfoot, I reckon them butcher birds
would jest about treat me real rough,
wouldn’t they?”

  “They would.”

  “And how do I get over to the Bar
T Dot, my precious new holdin’s?”

  ‘T was to take you over on the two
fifteen train. Your ranch lies west
forty-odd miles. The Santa Fe stop is
Cougar Station.”

  Sam Canutt chuckled. “You wait
here a few minutes, jedge!”

  He hustled out of the office, made for
the general store across the street, went
to the rear of the long storeroom, and
picked out, with some difficulty, a suit
of clothes, salt-and-pepper check mate-
rial ; a summery cream-silk shirt, purple
tie, hose to match, tan oxford shoes,
and a light crush hat—such an outfit
as was infrequently sold to cowboys for
the monthly, pay-day town dance.

  When he eased himself into Judge
Lamison’s office half an hour later, the
judge blinked at him uncertainly.

  “Don’t you know me?” Sam chuckled.
“Yea-uh, I’m him! The new dude
owner of the Bar T Dot!”

  The transformed cow-puncher strut-
ted about the little room, hands thrust
deep into the pockets of his black-and-
gray check trousers. “Pants is about
wide enough, crease and all, to hide my
bandy laigs. Take care of my war
bag, will you?” He gestured to the
corner where he had dropped the bundle
containing his range apparel. “And
look after my hoss.”

  “Gosh-a-me. I didn’t know you!
56	WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

You want me to go with you in that
outfit? Train is due in just forty min-
utes.”

  “No, jedge, I reckon I’d better go
alone. Say, jedge, you’re a stranger
to me—but I reckon I can count on
you.” Chucklin* Kid Canutt’s owlish
eyes were serious. “Ain’t no danger
you're a friend of this here sin-dy-kate
outfit, too—is there?”

  “No danger,” Lamison laughed. “Fact
is, Crawford and I don't hit it. Be-
sides, I’m not employed by 'you, direct,
Mr. Canutt; I’m only an agent for
Laird & Baker, the K. C. firm. If
you're determined to fight Crawford,

more power to you-” lie cut off

short. “There’s Crawford now!”
“Call him right in here, jedge!” Sam
hastily slid into a chair, produced a
“tailor-made” cigarette, lit it, and puffed
tranquilly while the lawyer hurried out.
A moment later, the latter returned with
a tall, lean personage, wearing range
boots and a five-gallon hat. Sam made
quick appraisal of the cattleman-banker
as of the rule-or-ruin type of cow-coun-
try czar, none too scrupulous, not at all
merciful. His crafty, close-set eyes
told that.

  “Mr. Crawford, shake hands with
Air. Canutt, new owner of the Bar T
Dot!”

  A slow grin came to the face of the
syndicate agent as he fixed his gaze on
the nattily attired 'young man and
reached out a gaunt, callous hand.
Crawford was no office capitalist.

  “Mighty glad to meet yuh, Mist’
Canutt. When yuh get in?”

  “Who—me?” " The Chucklin’ Kid
crossed his brightly clad legs, uncrossed
them, flecked the ashes of his snow-
white cigarette with a ladylike twist of
the wrist. “Oh, sir, I jest arrove from
little ole IC. C.!”

  Gil Crawford eyed him amusedly.

Mighty glad yuh’re here,” he said
blithely. “Reckon Laird & Baker com-
municated my offer. Now we can draw

up the papers right here, before the
judge.”

  Sam Canutt’s eyes opened wide.
“But, sir, I ain’t decided to sell,” he
said innocently.

  “What?” The syndicate man laughed
easily, slowly drew up a chair. “Yuh’re
not figuring to operate the Bar T Dot
yuhrself?" His eyes roved over the
dude, from purple tie to socks to
match.

  “Yes, sir, that’s jest about what I
figured I’d do!” The Chucklin’ Kid
reached for the feather duster on Lam-
ison’s desk, brushed the tips of his shin-
ing tan oxfords. “You see, sir,” he
added plaintively, “I want to learn to
be a cowboy.”

 Crawford grinned. “Of course
yuh’re joking, Mist’ Canutt.”

  “If I am, I ain’t heard tell of it.”
There was a long moment of silence,
during which Gil Crawford turned
questioning eyes on the judge. Flis
voice suddenly changed from genial
good nature to tones of silky menace.
“Yes, yuh must be joking, Mist’ Canutt,
assuming to go into the cow business
yuhr own self, being a tenderfoot. Only
reason I can see is that yuh don’t savvy
how rough this country is. Why, yuh
wouldn’t last any longer on Ticote
Range than a celluloid jack rabbit be-
ing chased by an asbestos coyote through
Hades—if yuh’ll excuse me talking
plain.”

  “I’ll excuse you, sir;'if you mean I’m
said jack rabbit and you’re that said

coyote. Now-”

  “Look here, young fellow!” The
range boss thrust his lean, gaunt face
forward, and his small, intent eyes
gleamed with sinister meaning. “Don’t
yuh come any of that city-gangster
stuff on me! Yuh ain’t the usual type
of tenderfoot—-yuh think yuh’re tough,
don’t yuh? Yuh ain’t even educated!
I reckon yuh don’t know yuh’re in
Arizona!” His gaze bored into that of
the Dry River puncher. “If y.uh did,
IVHEN CHUCKLIN’ KID DIDN’T CHUCKLE

57

you’d know who Gil Crawford hap-
pened to be! Now I’ll tell yuh some-
thing!” The syndicate czar tapped the
desk with his oaken-huecl knuckles,

  “I was in Cougar Station this morn-
ing—just rode overland from the Fry-
ing Pan,” he went on slowly. “There’s
a big bunch of rustlers hanging around
in the hills, and from what I heard
over there, they calculate the Bar T Dot
will be easy picking. The fact is, there
are rumors yuhr foreman, Cross-eye
Gillis, is working in cahoots with the
rustlers. Gillis has got yuhr cattle all
bunched on the mesa right over Cougar
Canon. Yuh’re a tenderfoot and
won’t hardly understand; but if I know
anything, the only way you can save
yuhr stock is to take our money now,
and let the Frying Pan punchers take
charge of yuhr herd. Rustlers won’t
dare make a move, with my boys and
‘Bowie’ Kurtz as guardians of the herd.
Do yuh savvy what I’m talking about?”
Chucklin’ Kid Canutt looked decided-
ly sad and downcast. “Oh, sir, you
think the rustlers, whatever they are,
will come down and do something to my
cows if I, being a tenderfoot, go in
there to take charge? And you take
pity on me and want to save my cattle
by buyin’ them out, so’s your boys can
take charge—is that it, Mr. Crawford ?”
“Yuh hit the target, son, with both
barrels.”

  “But them villains wouldn’t do any-
thing mean right. off, sir, immediate,
would they?”

  “Rumors said they would likely strike
to-night, son, while Cross-eye has yuhr
stock bunched. That’s why I wanted
to close this deal now, so I could take
the two fifteen train back and place the
Frying Pan boys on guard.” Gil Craw-
ford rose. “It’s up to yuh, son. Yuh
take the twenty thousand?”

  “You couldn’t make it twenty-five,
Mr. Crawford, could you?” queried
Sam anxiously, lighting a fresh white
smoke.

  “Not a cent over twenty. That price
is liberal. The syndicate ain’t a piker,
son, in buying in what it wants.”

  “No, really, I don’t think I’ll sell
then, sir,” said Sam, rising and running
his hand smoothingly about the crown
of his new light hat. “Somehow I’ve
always wanted to be a cowboy. I’d jest
love to fight rustlers—and everything!”
“Yuh’ll likely have no herd left by
to-morrow, Canutt.”

  “But don’t you think them rustler
fellers would hold off a day, say—if I
should come back to-morrow noon,
ready to close?” Sam chuckled silently
as he met the swiftly narrowing gaze
of the syndicate man.

 “What do yuh mean?” snapped
Crawford. Yuh insinuating I
have anything to do with those rus-
tlers?”

  “Oh, goodness gracious, no, sir! „
Sech a wicked thought never entered
my cranium!” Chucklin* Kid’s ex-
pression was very sad and reproachful.

  “Look here, Canutt. You don’t run
any blazer on Gil Crawford. Sabe?
Now I’ll tell yuh! I’ll send a rider
over there to-night, telling my boys to
guard yuhr herd—this one night. If
yuh think yuh might change yuhr mind

and come back to-morrow-”

  “I’d kinda like your permission to
look over my property—jest once,” said
the tenderfoot meekly, “if you don’t
mind, sir. Then if I decide to sell,
would you have the cash?”

  “I reckon my bank could raise the
money,” asserted the range boss stiffly.
“I’ll give yuh till to-morrow noon—and
then the deal’s off! After that, my boys
won’t protect yuhr stock. Now I got
to be going.” Gil Crawford turned
hastily and strode out to the street.

  Chucklin’ Kid Canutt grinned up at
Judge Lamison. “A nice, perlite way
he has, of tellin’ me he’ll assassinate my
herd, if I don’t take his kind offer!
Now give me some writin’ paper, and
you fix yourself out a power of attor-
58

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

ney." Sam sat down at the desk. He
scribbled hastily and in three minutes
handed the lawyer a sealed envelope.
“Your instructions. Open her to-mor-
row if I don’t get back here before
noon. Now I got to ketch the train.7'

  He straightened his legs, smoothed
his trousers, and struck out toward the
depot, a low adobe building boasting a
lone telegraph operator-ticket agent and
a squint-eyed Indian squaw, who sold
pottery on the rare occasions when
trains stopped on flag. When the two
fifteen departed, Chucklin’ Kid departed
with it. An hour and ten minutes later
he climbed down from the dusty day
coach at Cougar Station, consisting of
one building and many cattle pens and
shipping chutes.

  He walked a few steps, halted, drew
out his snowy silk handkerchief, and
mopped his brow. Then he struck a
pose, gazing about in bewildered fashion
as he had often seen Eastern tourists
do. Mouth agape, he seemed awed at
the queer sights, the odd-looking char-
acters loading cattle on a siding, in flap-
ping bat wing chaps, bearskin, goat-
skin, calfskin. One of these sidled down
from the seat of a buckboard and strode
toward the stranger. This was probably
the puncher who had come ‘to meet
Judge Lamison and the new owner.
He was a study in range ornateness, in
huge green felt hat, robin’s-egg silk
shirt, speckled fawnskin vest, flaming
red neckerchief, gay ribbon ‘‘dust rags”
about the sleeves, and scroll-leather
peaked boots.

  “Name’s ‘Buck’ Hanniford.” The
cowboy surveyed the newcomer with
poker-face composure. “Yuh’re Mis-
ter Canutt. Where’s the jedge?”

  “He was took sick, suddent. sir.” re-
turned Chucklin’ Kid plaintively.

  “I come to drive yuh out.” Buck
Hanniford’s eye roved up and down
the dude’s outfit. He grunted negative-
ly as Sam tendered him a store ciga-
rette.

  “So this is Cougar Crick Range,’'
commented Sam in an awed tone. “The
real West at last; Arizony, cowboys,
cows ’n’ everything! Bad man Bowie
Kurtz and all. Jest like a movie play."

  Buck Hanniford scowled. “Aimin’
to stay here for chuck?” He gestured
to the lone building. “Or go to the
ranch and put on the nose bag?"

  “Give her the gas for the ranch!’
commanded Chucklin' Kid. He climbed
into the warped old buckboard, and the}
were on the way.

  “You calc’late on stayin' on?” asked
Buck.

 “Why not?” •	*

  “Kind of bad country for a short-
horn. Yuh heered tell of Bowie Kurtz,
ain’t yuh?"

  “That’s the guy that runs this cactus
league, ain't he?”

  “He’ll shore make it interestin’ for
yuh, if yuh stay, pilgrim!”

  “His villain act is drivin’ off other
folks’ dairies, I hear.”

  The puncher started slightly. “Jedge
has been tellin’ yuh things, has he?"

  “Oh, no. sir. It was a party named
Gil Crawford. Gil and Bowie was
goin’ to be real meanlike and make me
sell out. Rustlers was hoverin’ around,
threatenin’ to hurt my cows. Gil said
if Bowie's pals didn't defend ’em."

  The Bar T Dot rider laughed softly.
“Time’ll tell. Yuhr cows is bunched
on the mesa right over Cougar Canon,
for yuh to look ’em over. Rustlers has
given out word if yuh decide to stick
yuhr cattle will be stampeded next few
nights.”

  “Why does them rustlers stampede
cows, sir?" asked Sam curiously. “I
alius read they would steal cows "
“That’s how they steal 'em.” said
Hanniford. “Yuh’re due to be eddi-
cated."

  “Oh, that will be grand, sir!” said
the tenderfoot rapturously, and the Bar
T Dot puncher turned quickly and shot
him a look.
WHEN CHUCKLIN’ KID DIDN'T CHUCKLE

59

  “Don’t git fresh, hombre!” said Han-
niford. “Wait till yuh meet yuhr fore-
man; he’ll tell yuh some things."’

  “That’s real encouragin’,” murmured
the Dry River man. “I want to learn
to be a cowboy, which is why I’m goin’
to stick. You look like a real good
one. Do you give lessons?”

  “Yuh’ll git lessons enough,” growled
Buck.

  “I’m hopin’ so.”

  They rode on in silence. After for-
ty-five minutes they readied the old
weather-beaten ranch house, more of a
ruin than a dwelling. A few corrals
and two miserable sheds near a wind-
mill completed the improvements of the
Bar T Dot’s thousand acres of precari-
ous grazing range.

   The place was deserted, save for eight
or nine bronchos in tlie horse corral,
and Ling, the ranch flilnky and cook.
At Sam’s suggestion, Hanniford drove
the buckboard to a rise beyond the
house. “Now,” said the new proprietor,
“which is the boundaries of my hold-
in’s ?”

  The puncher motioned south and
east. “Yuh see the line uh that dry
crick? Well, it jumps from there to
them three buttes southward. Then the
foothills is the boundary, breakin’ into
Cougar Crick again. There’s the boys,
and I reckon chuck is waitin’.”

  Five horsemen had trailed in from
the canon side of the ranch. When
Buck had got back with his passenger
they found supper ready in the dilap-
idated mess hall of the old house. Four
glum and silent hands were seating
themselves around the oilcloth when
Sam’s dude figure loomed in the door-
way. They gave him a single look,
hung their heads down low to their
granite-ware plates, and rudely rammed
their boot heels down on each other’s
toes.

  “Boys,” said Buck Hanniford, sud-
denly cheerful as he strode in, “this is
the new owner, Mister Sam-u-el Canutt

of Missoury—K. C., Missoury. He
calc’lates if this country is wild and
woolly, he has got to be showed! He
wants to take lessons in cowboyin’.
Where’s the boss?” He wheeled quick-
ly, at sound of thudding boots. “Mis-
ter Gillis, shake the hand uh Mister
Canutt, of K. C., Missoury, that’s got
to be showed, that’s decided to stick, and
wants to take lessons in cowboyin’!”
Cross-e'ye Gillis had come to a sud-
den stop. He backed away a step and
rubbed his eyes, “Are yuh joshin’ me?”
he snarled at Hanniford, and strode
quickly forward and pinched the dude’s
arm, then pinched himself.

  Sam Canutt reached out languidly
and yanked the foireman’s long, red
mustache. “Yes, sir,” he said dole-
fully, “we’re all awake. I’m the new
owner. I got to be showed. And I
don’t intend to let go of sech a promisin’
property as this here Bar T Dot, till
I’ve learned to be a cowboy!” He slid
into a chair by the table, spread out his
snowy handkerchief for a napkin, but-
toned his check coat, and sat back erect,
hands folded. “Do you gentlemen esti-
mate I’ll make a success of it?”

  “Oh, yeh. Oh, yeh!” Cross-eye
Gillis, dipped into the seat farthest re-
moved, nudged Buck Hanniford.
“Yuh’ll do elegint.”

  The Bar T Dot bunch ate swiftly, in
silence, save for the continuous smack
of lips, munch of teeth and frequent
growls at the obsequious Chinese cook.
Chucklin’ Kid Canutt caught their fur-
tive exchange of glances with one an-
other, but he tackled the broiled steaks
and fried spuds with solemn earnest-
ness, saying nothing.

  Suddenly Cross-eye Gillis slammed
down his fist and rose. It was a signal
for a general scramble for the rickety
gallery. “We got to hustle,” cried
Gillis, “to show the new proprietor his
herd afore dark!”

  Sam Canutt leisurely lit one of his
tailor-mades, rose, brushed his light
60

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

crush hat with his sleeve, adjusted it on
the back of his head, and followed.

  “Kin you ride a hoss?” cried Gillis,
fixing Sam with a stare that crossed him
botli ways.

  “Oh, yes, sir, I think so, if it’s a
nice tame horse,” asserted the dude
readily. “If you boys will put on the
saddle.”

  “Tliey’s a nice tame anemile already
saddled,” said the foreman, grinning
and raising a hand toward the corral.
He led the way toward the inclosure.
A moment later the riders were swing-
ing up to their own mounts. Two of
the bronchos, Sam noted, bore Frying
Pan brands; the others were labeled
with the Bar T Dot. But the Dry River
puncher was more interested in the
sleepy-looking, hammer-headed pony
that stood tied to the top pole of the
corral, at the lower end, already sad-
dled. Chucklin’ Kid had seen such
sleepy-looking buckers before; he sur-
mised that Cross-eye Gillis had sighted
the buckboard and the new arrival on
the hillside and had got the broncho
rigged, probably with difficulty, for a
special purpose.

  The riders walked their mounts to-
ward the lower end of the corral, while
Gillis motioned to the new owner to
follow. Before the sleepy broncho they
halted.

  “That’s yuhr pony, Mist’ Canutt,”
informed Gillis gravely. “Jest climb
aboard.” He turned his own mount,
and the other riders spread out about
the tame-looking outlaw horse.

  “Are you sure he’s a nice, easy-ridin’
mare?” asked the tenderfoot, approach-
ing the animal timidly.

  “He is,” asserted Cross-eye solemnly.
“Ain’t he the tamest mare on the
ranch ?” He gestured to the hard-faced
crew who were watching the scene with
shifty, averted eyes.

  “He’s as gentle as a kitten,” affirmed
one, “and if yuh listen real dost, yuh
kin hear him pur.”

  “I don’t know whether you boys is
jokin’ me 01* not,” said the new pro-
prietor meekly. “But I don’t guess he
can kick any harder than a Missoury
mule.” He sidled up toward the
broncho, lids narrowing at the wall-
eyed stare of the broomtail. Inten-
tionally he approached from the oft' side.
“Which is the proper stirrup for climb-
in’ up onto these here Western ponies,
anyway ?”

  “Whoa-a there, hombre!” warned the
alarmed Buck Hanniford. “You better
git on his left, becawse even a dead
hoss is techy if yuh fuss with his

right-”

  “Jumpin’ frijoles!” It was the awe-
some yelp of Cross-eye Gillis. The dude
had yanked loose the slip knot of the
tie rope, and with a sudden grotesque
jump, in which he hit and left the
ground like a rubber ball, Sam’s pep-
per-and-salt figure shot upward and
astraddle the prize bucker of the Ticote
Range. His well-pressed trousers
widened and closed like a pair of scis-
sors, and his tan oxford shoes fitted
into the stirrups. Chucklin’ Kid half
closed his eyes and winced; he expected
to be pitched and made ready for the
spill, in the art of which he was adept.
He was bootless and spurless, unpre-
pared to battle a sun-fishing son of a
gun such as he knew the outlay/ to be.
He waited for the inevitable pin wheel
of the broncho's legs and the ferris-
wheel skyrocket of his back.

  Then, while Cross-eye Gillis, Buck
Hanniford, and the Bar T Dot hands
leaned forward in their saddles with
sagging jaws, the outlaw horse trotted
down the line like an old cow, carrying
the strange creature in dude clothes as
though they had been friends for life.
Whether it was the absence of the spur,
or through mere horse amazement at
the audacity of the leap and the queer
looks of the rider, Sam did not know—
or care. He suppressed the chuckle that
welled deep in his throat, shook his
WHEN CHUCKLIN’ KID DIDN’T CHUCKLE

61

shoulders to simulate the jogging of a
green man in the saddle, made sure that
the broncho had no notion to perform;
then drew up and waited for the bunch
who sat glued to their saddles a hun-
drew yards back.

  When Cross-eye Gillis finally jogged
slowly up in the van of the gaping rid-
ers, he swept his hand across his eyes,
squinted painfully in the sunlight at the
meek outlaw sniffing at a wisp of dry
grass, oblivious to the doleful figure
astride him. Gillis’ lips moved, but no
sound came from them. Chucklin’ Kid
Canutt looked surprised.

  “I thought you boys was in a hurry,”
he said. “This here mare is tame and
slow enough ; but he certainly is a faster
pacer than them ponies of yours. Or
was I goin’ the wrong direction?”

  “Yuh was headed correct,” said Gillis
hoarsely, looking from one to the other
of his men.

  “Well, then, let’s hustle, and you ride
alongside of me, Mister Foreman!”
Sam turned his mount and set the
pace, while the amazed Cross-eye loped
at his side, gaze fixed on every move of
horse and man. Presently where the
mesa yucca and Spanish bayonet grew
denser, Cross-eye broke into a slow jog.

  “Mist’ Canutt, was yuh ever c’nnected
with a circus 'or anythin’ like that ?” he
queried.

  “No, sir, I can’t say I ever was,” as-
serted Sam gravely.

  “Yuh never had no dealin’s with han-
dlin’ anemiles—lions, tigers, pant’ers,
and sech?”

  “Only anemiles I mostly ever had
anything to do with was bulls and bears
—playin’ the stocks,” said Sam -humbly.
“Why?”

  “Oh, I was jest wonderin’.”

  They rode west in the face of the
setting sun. “Where is this here Fryin’
Pan Ranch I hear Gil Crawford tellin’
about?” queried Sam after a time.

  Cross-eye Gillis halted. “Yuh was
talkin’ to Gil, eh?” He pointed to the

purple-shadowed foothills. “The Fry-
in’ Pan lays agin’ that granite slope,
where yuh see that patch o’ white.”
The new owner looked puzzled.
“How do cows live on sech a waste
of sand and rock and cactus?” he de-
manded. “This thousand acres ain’t
worth a lot, is it, Mr. Gillis?”

  The foreman laughed. “Yuh kin git
a thousand like it for nothin’ easy.
Yuhr cows is grazed on forest range,
fer a fee, except about two months,
when there is a leetle grass after the?
rains. Yuhr holdin’s is chiefly cattle
and the buildin’s, and yuh’re foolish if
yuh don’t snap up the offer of the
syndicate, pronto, Mist’ Canutt!”

  “But I want to learn to be a cow-
boy,” protested Sam. “I want to learn
to ride on them wild horses you read
about and throw a lariat and shoot a
pistol. Gosh, I wish there really was
rustlers, like Jedge Lamison and Gil
Crawford tells about!”

  “There shore is rustlers, aplenty,”
enlightened Cross-eye. “Right up in
them hills,” gesturing beyond the Fry-
ing Pan. “They’re itchin’ to grab yuhr
herd any minute now !”

  “But Gil Crawford said he’d send a
rider so’s the Fryin’ Pan would guard
my herd. How long would it take a
man to reach here from Ticote?”
“Three hours, takin’ the short cut
through the Cougar Pass.”

  “That’s encouragin’,” affirmed Sam.
“By to-morrow I’ll have all you boys
organized to fight the rustlers myself!”
Cross-eye Gillis swore softly. “Not
me,” he said. “I won’t be led to no
slaughter by no tenderfoot.”

  “Then you’re fired.”

  The foreman gulped. “I don’t mean
I won’t foiler orders, Mist’ Canutt. I
was on’y say in’ you better let a experi-
enced cowman like me, that knows
rustlers, do the guardin’.”

  Cougar Canon was in sight and Cross-
eye swerved over to a little rise.

  “Them is yuhr cattle on the aidge uh
62

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

that mesa,” he informed brusquely.
“Them beef is prime for this range.
See that gray stretch down there ?
That’s where the cliffs lies—where the
rustlers aims to run off yuhr herd.
Most uh the beef would be killed out-
right. I reckon yuh’d lose fifteen thou-
sand dollars, if them thousand-odd head
went over that bluff. Mist’ Canutt.”
“Kind of a mean cuss this rustler
captain and his men. You think they
might be workin’ for Bowie Kurtz and
Gil Crawford of the sin-dy-kate ?”
Gillis stiffened. “Not any! They’re
after the Fryin’ Pan cows, too.’’

  “Kinda funny Gil told me he’d let
the rustlers take my stock if I didn’t
inform him I’d sell by noon to-mor-
row. You know what I think. Mister
Gillis? I got a hunch Gil Crawford
is hirin’ them rustlers!”

  The foreman’s eyes bulged. He
glanced narrowly toward Buck Hanni-
ford. “It’s easy to see yuh’re a tender-
foot.” he growled huskily. “Lookee
there! Fryin’ Pan boys is cornin’ now!”
In the fading daylight a bunch of
seven or eight riders were rounding the
rim of the mesa. They came on. while
the Bar T Dot contingent waited.

  Five minutes later Chucklin’ Kid
Canutt was introduced to the bearded
leader of the Frying Pan punchers,
Bowie Kurtz. Sam marked him down
instantly as a man not to be trusted in
any outfit’s corral. He was broad and
short, shifty-eyed and profane in every
sentence. With amused glances toward
the dude owner of the Bar T Dot. he
talked of signs of rustlers.

  “Don’t swear so cussed much. I don’t
like it. mister!” protested Sam solemn-
lv. “I ain’t used to it. bein’ new to the
West.”

  “Yuh’ll git used to it.” replied Kurtz,
withholding an oath. “Boys, let’s all
turn in fer the night!”

  Chucklin’ Kid meekly followed the
example of the others in dismounting,
asked Buck Hanniford to show him

how to remove bridle and saddle, which
Buck did with cautious movements
about the now placid outlaw horse.
Sam let Cross-eye Gillis help him
spread his bed roll, and was the first
to turn in, under the early stars. The
hour was a ridiculous one for a bunch
of cow-punchers to go to bed. Sam knew,
especially if a raid was expected. He
watched Gillis pass around a bottle, post
two guards, and order no fire, no loud
talking, no poker. 110 lighted cigarettes.

  “We want to ketch ’em red-handed."
explained the foreman.

  “Gimme another lick at that redeye!"
muttered a puncher. “My couridge is
oozin’.” Fie broke into song:

“Yeah, my couridge is oozin’.

I gol to go boozin',

I ought to be snoozin',

This dog-gone battle I'll be sure to be losin’ 1”

  Fie let out a yelp as one of the
squatting punchers hurled a boot.

  When Cross-eye Gillis, Kurtz, and
Hanniford began to talk in whispers—
loud enough for Sam to hear—the Dry
River cowboy chuckled silently. He
suspected what was in store—an intro-
duction to “rustlers.” More than once
in his own speckled career on the range
he had indulged the sport of tender-
foot baiting.

  “They was armed to the teeth," he
overheard Bowie Kurtz declare. “It
was shore lucky fer this here dude that
Gil Crawford sent us waddies out to
guard the herd.”

  “Yuh shore they aim to strike to-
night?” Gillis asked in a hoarse whis-
per.

  “They shore do—but they’s enough
uh us to give ’em all the lead thev kin
tote!”

  Out of one eye Chucklin' Kid watched
their preparations for a surprise recep-
tion of the rustlers. It was significant
that camp had been made a safe dis-
tance from the bedded cattle, where
they would not take flight and go over
WHEN CHUCKLIN’ KID DIDN’T CHUCKLE

63

the cliff. Gil Crawford was not yet
ready to destroy the herd.

  Sam's surmise was accurate to a de-
tail. Around ten o'clock, while guards
stood with six-shooters ready, and while
Cross-eye Gillis, Kurtz, and a dozen
others feigned slumber with loud snores,
one of the guards came running and
shook the Bar T Dot foreman.

  ‘‘They're cornin’!” he exclaimed
huskily.

         ✓

  Gillis and Kurtz were on their feet,
barking orders, shouting loudly: “Sad-
dle up!”

  Suddenly a shot snarled from the

                •s

brush, and a cavalcade of riders bore
down on the camp. Another shot and
another stabbed the darkness with jets
of flame. Yells and yelps of pain
punctuated the tattoo of pistols and
rifles. The Frying Pan and Bar T Dot
punchers made for their horses.
Chucklin’ Kid lay very still; he saw
riders topple backward from their
mounts and groan and lie motionless.
He heard the wild shout of Bowie
Kurtz:

  “Hey, yuh, Canutt! Git onto yuhr
hoss and run fer yuhr life! The rus-
tlers is too many!”

  Cross-eye Gillis and Buck Hanniford
sprinted for the blanket bed of the dude
owner, seized the snoring form, and
shook him. Sam yawned loudly and
opened his eyes. “What’s all the fuss?”
he demanded sleepily.

  “Rustlers! They’re killin’ our men.
Lookit the dead!” Gillis waved an arm.
“Git up and run fer yuhr life! We
halted ’em on the first charge, but they
outnumber us ten to one—and we got
to git!”

  Sam sat up. “You're fired, if you
run, sir!” he cried. “Rally the boys!
Oh, joy, this is glorious—wunderfull
What I was prayin’ for! Real, honest-
to-gracious, skunkin’, sneakin’, robbin’,
murderin’ rustlers. Boys, rally around
your leader! We’ll capture and shoot
and burn and skelp and torture and ex-

terminate these outlaws to a man!”
Chucklin’ Kid pulled 011 his shoes, rose,
stretched his arms, brushed his trousers,
and demanded the location of the at-
tacking army.

  “They’re right over in them shad-
ders!” cried Cross-eye, motioning to a
dark splotch on the sky line, where
horses were faintly visible. “They’re
gittin’ ready to charge ag’in!”

  “Good!” Chucklin' Kid shook his
legs and sauntered forward. “How
many dead on our side?”

  “They must be six-seven.”

  “That ain’t so bad. Will one of you
gentlemen kindly lend me your gun?”
“We need our guns for self-pertec-
tion!” cried the foreman.

  “Gimme your pistol or you’re tired!”
snapped the tenderfoot. He reached
and had the weapon in hand. “Now
get me somethin’ white.”

  “Somethin’ white?” exclaimed Bowie
Kurtz. “What’s that fer?”

  “A flag of truce, sir. Has anybody
got somethin’ white? Oh, well”—
Chucklin’ Kid slowly pulled off his
shirt—“this’ll do!” Pie reached for
Kurtz’s rifle.

  “No, you don’t git that gun,” snarled
the Frying Pan foreman.

  Chucklin’ Kid thrust out his bor-
rowed .45, let the barrel weave reck-
lessly, amateurishly, on the person of
the protesting cowman. Kurtz held out
the rifle hastily.

  Cross-eye Gillis was swearing lustily;
he watched the dude tie the loose arms
of the silk shirt to the muzzle end of
the rifle. “What’s the idee of a flag
o’ truce?” he questioned angrily.

  “To trick ’em! Betray ’em. double
cross ’em! Villains that would shoot
down our men don’t deserve to live!
We’ll bluff ’em into thinkin’ we’re goin’
to hold a parley; then shoot ’em down
in cold blood! You boys jest follow
along!” He strode forward, climbed
onto one of the hastily saddled horses
and loped toward the faintly visible
WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

riders, his cream-colored shirt held aloft
on its rifle mast.

  Sam had not been blind to the swift
departure of one of the punchers a brief
minute before; he had observed the
galloping rider round the bend of a
near-by draw and guessed his purpose
—to notify the others of the syndicate
outfit that the tenderfoot was on the
way, armed with a Colt .45 and a rifle
—and fool enough to use them!

  Shirtless, bare arms bobbing, his un-
dergarment billowing in the wind, the
make-believe tenderfoot increased his
speed, cutting a figure that gave the
staring punchers pause. Dead men
jumped to their feet, gaping at the hazy,
vanishing figure and the fluttering flag
of truce he bore.

  “Well, I’ll be cursed!” blurted out
Bowie Kurtz.

  “And he’s got my six-shooter with
four ca’tridges in her,” growled Cross-
eye Gillis. “He’s fool enough to shoot,
and I sent Buck to warn ’em. They’ll
beat it, shore, and the next best thing
we kin do is to sneak home and go to
bed! Gimme another shot of redeye.”

  “Yuh’ve had too much a’ready!”
Bowie Kurtz assumed charge. “Git
home, the bunch uh yuh!” he snarled.
“I’m goin’ to stick an’ se this thing
through!” He mounted swiftly and
started in pursuit.

  “Ho hum!” Sam Canutt chuckled as
he saw the milling rustlers turn and dart
away in the near shadows. “Now I
got to risk a exhibition of horseman-
ship.”

  He sank the heels of his low oxfords
into the flanks of his mount, knew from
his experience with horses that he was
astride an animal that could run with
the best. From his meager knowledge
of the lay of the country, he guessed
that the fleeing punchers were heading
for the Frying Pan, at the base of the
distant foothills.

  He yanked down the rifle flagstaff,
bent forward, and galloped straight for

them. They were streaking through
the mesquite and cactus of the mesa.
He was gaining. As he neared, he
could see their moving heads as they
turned to watch him, and guessed with
a long-drawn-out chuckle that they were
an amazed and half-scared bunch of
cowboys.

  Looking back, he saw but one rider
in his wake and unerringly surmised
that the rest would not be there when
he returned, dead men .included* Who
was in pursuit, he did not know. The
forward bunch reached a deep arroyo,
were forced to slacken speed to cross
it, and Chucklin’ Kid struck the near
bank in time to sight the colorful Buck
Hanniford among eight others. He
hoisted the rifle flag and yelled shrilly:

  “Halt, you villains, or I’ll wipe out
the bunch!” He sent a .45 ball spin-
ning near the ear of Buck Hanniford.

  The nearest five wheeled and faced
him; four raced madly away, risking
fire. Sam was satisfied at that. “W'hat
are you robbin’, murderin’ cutthroats
runnin’ for ?” he demanded with a show
of anger. “Ain’t you ever heard tell
of a flag of truce?”

  There were low grunts of disgust,
and Buck Hanniford swore softly. “If
yuh’re a tenderfoot, Canutt,” he shot
out suddenly, “where did yuh learn to
ride ?”

  “I ain’t a tenderfoot; you gents have
plumb broke me into ridin’,” returned
Sam cheerfully. “Now who are you
scoundrelly rascals anyway, and what’s
one of my own hired men doin’ here
with a bunch of cow-burglarin’ assassins
like you! I’m a dude from Missoury,
but if you ain’t a bunch of low-down
sin-dy-kate, Fryin’ Pan Range yeggs,
you’ve got to show me!” He turned as
the pursuing horseman drew up sharply,
recognizing the bearded Bowie Kurtz.
“I’m goin’ to practice up bein’ a cow-
boy dead shot right here—now!” He
yanked the six-shooter from his belt.

  “Hey, yuh, Canutt! Put up that gun
WHEN CHUCKLIN’ KID DIDN’T CHUCKLE

65

or I'll drill yuh!” Bowie Kurtz, lung-
ing forward after slipping from the
saddle, halted in his tracks, as the dude’s
Colt belched and a bullet ripped off his
hat. Sam’s shrill words broke the suc-
ceeding stillness.

  “Now, you thievin’ highbinders, ride,
and don't let me ever ketch you tryin’
to burglarize a gentleman’s honest cows
again!'” He sent the three remaining
bullets over the riders’ heads, very
close, and they did not wait. Bowie
Kurtz darted in and seized the empty
gun.

  "Come along, Buck!” he snarled, for
Buck alone had held his ground.
“Lookie here, Canutt! On’y thing
saved yuh from bein’ potted was be-
cause they didn’t dast shoot a tender-
foot! Now I reckon is time to lay our
cyards on the table!” He thrust his
bearded face forward. “We’re the
syndicate. Sabe? And we run this
range. There ain’t any room for the
Bar T Dot, lessen it’s part of the Fryin’
Pan. Understand ?”

  “My goodness!” gasped Chucklin’
Kid. “I’m relieved to know how things
stands. Buckie and Bowie, will you
escort me home ?”

  “I ain’t escortin’ yuh home,” flared
Kurtz. “I’m on’y pausin’ to tell yuh.
Git clear of Ticote Range, pronto, like
Gil Crawford told yuh to. If yuh’re
here to-morrer night, you won’t have
a hoof uh stock left.”

  “That’s too darned bad,” said Sam
sadly. “Rustlers will clean me out to-
morrow night sure, won’t they? Oh,
well—Buck, will you show me how to
get home?”

  “Yeah.” The tall cowboy and
Chucklin’ Kid rode back to the Bar T
Dot. Buck Hanniford waxed confiden-
tial. “I like yuhr style, mister. Say the
word, and I’ll stick with yuh, and he’p
yuh hold yuhr property.”

  “Much obliged,” returned Sam dole-
fully. “I might call on you because
I’m sure goin’ to stick.”

  In the morning at breakfast Sam
found a glum and silent trio of Bar
T Dot employees watching him nar-
rowly. They were uncommunicative
about the raid, all the humor gone out
of them.

  “I thought some of you boys was
dead,” Sam drawled, and no one an-
swered. Cross-eye Gillis was fidgety,
ill-tempered.

  “Who is bringin’ in the dead men?”
pursued Sam. Cross-eye admitted that
the two missing Bar T Dot hands were
out riding herd. “It was jes't Bowie’s
little joke,” he said.

  “You boys meant well, and it was
sure entertainin’,” affirmed Sam.

  “I reckon I got to make a trip over
to the Fryin’ Pan, on business, to see
Bowie about the fence he’s puttin’
around the mesa water hole,” muttered
Cross-eye a little later.

  “They fencin’ a water hole?” de-
manded the tenderfoot quickly—almost
too quickly.

  The foreman started. “Talkin’ about
it,” he evaded.

  “Oh, well. Hurry back; I might
need you.”

  “You goin’ to stick?” Gillis eyed the
dude owner crookedly.

  “You bet. No need for you to tell
Bowie. He knows!”

  The foreman shrugged, mounted, and
rode off. He had not gone far when
Chucklin’ Kid saw the Frying Pan fore-
man loping toward the Bar T Dot. The
two conspirators came together; they
halted, talked a while, then started back
to the Bar T Dot.

  Bowie Kurtz’s bearded countenance
wore a frown as he dismounted before
Sam. He looked at his watch. “Noon
train into Ticote leaves Cougar Station
in a hour and a half,” he said. “Gil
Crawford is expectin’ yuh then.”

  “Let him expect. Deal is off. Noth-
in’ I’m fonder of than this cowboy life,
fightin’ rustlers, and all.”

  Kurtz and Cross-eye Gillis stuck
66

WESTERN STORY- MAGAZINE

around. Sam busied himself within the
old house, moving the rickety remains
of furniture about, arranging an office
room from which to direct the affairs of
the ranch. Kurtz grew more uneasy as
he watched these activities. As train
time neared he could stand it no longer.
“Yuh’re a plumb fool, if yuh don’t take
the syndicate’s twenty thousand, Ca-
nutt! To-night yuh won’t be able to
sell all yuh got left for a thousand!”

  “If your rustlers ain’t any worse than
them last night. I ain’t worryin’ none,”
said Sam, grinning as he called in Buck
Hanniford to help him patch up broken
windows.

  When time for catching the train had
passed, Bowie Kurtz mounted and rode
swiftly south. Cross-eye Gillis con-
tinued to hang around with his men.
As the afternoon wore on. storm clouds
gathered in the northern sky. Sam and
Buck Hanniford chatted as they worked
in the dilapidated old house.

  “Yuh ain’t no tenderfoot,” murmured
Buck finally.

  “No ?”

  “No. What’s yuhr game?”

  “Fightin’ rustlers, I reckon. You
say there’s only one trail to the Bar
T Dot, through the pass?”

  “Yeah.”

  “No more trains in to-day,” mused
the Dry River man. “How’d you like
to make yourself a hundred dollars?”

  “Middlin’!”

  “Ease yourself off to that pass, then,
and if any rider comes through this
afternoon, hog tie him, or hold him
any way you want to. Don’t let Gillis
see you go.”

  It was arranged. Sam busied himself
making plans for permanent occu-
pancy, knowing the cross-eyed foreman
was watching these activities narrowly.
Gillis asked where Buck had gone.

  “Mebbe I sent him to help ride herd,”
replied Sam evasively.

  ‘‘Fryin’ Pan will act swift to-night,”
eaid Cross-eye. “It looks like a norther

was blowin’ up. Couldn’t be a better
night, while them beef is bunched over
Cougar Canon.”

  “Didn’t ever occur to you to move
that herd, did it, Mister Gillis?”
“Nobody give me orders.”

  “You bunched ’em without orders—
unless you got ’em from Kurtz. Oh.
well, get the boys together now, and
we’ll ride over. I’m goin’ to test you
out. See how well you will scrap rus-
tlers. If you don’t fight ’em. you're
fired.”

  The cross-eyed foreman grinned as
though the threat worried him none.
“It’s plumb early yet,” he drawled.

  “Get goin’, sir, immediate!” Chucklin’
Kid was a bit irritable.

  Since the departure of Buck Hanni-
ford he had been doing a lot of serious
thinking. He wished now he had not
sent Buck. He was worried about the
cattle, and his conscience began to trou-
ble him. The meanness of the syndi-
cate hirelings in planning to maim and
destroy the dumb beasts became more
apparent to him. But his own part in
the situation plagued him most.

  He had already sold that herd with
the ranch!

  The instructions to Judge Lamison,
in the sealed envelope, had been ex-
plicit, to close the deal if Sam did not
come back.

  Now Buck Hanniford would halt any
messenger from Gil Crawford bearing
news of the deal, and the destruction
of the herd would go 011 apace. It
would be sweet revenge on the syndi-
cate—but-

  Chucklin’ Kid looked genuinely sad
and downcast as he trudged toward the
corral. As a clean, square-shooting
cowman he must prevent destruction of
the cattle, even if Gil Crawford de-
served to lose them through his own
manipulations. Then, too, Sam wanted
to look more thoroughly into the wa-
ter-hole matter mentioned by Cross-eye
Gillis. Chucklin’ Kid mounted the wall-
WHEN CHUCKLIN’ KID DIDN'T CHUCKLE

67

eyed broncho he had ridden the night
before, and the bunch set oft* for the
mesa and the canon.

  On the way Sam insisted on veering-
southward to look at the earthen
“tanks’’ that had been thrown up
around the water hole. To his amaze-
ment, his practiced eye told him the
origin of the water supply was artesian
—and the spring was on Bar T Dot’s
ground. There was no sign of fenc-
ing, as yet; but all was clear to the
Dry River man. The syndicate desired
that spring, above everything else;
hence the apparently liberal offer for
stock and land.

  The Bar T Dot had been worth dou-
ble the price Judge Lamison had been
authorized to accept!

  Gloomily, Chucklin’ Kid turned back
with Cross-eye Gillis toward the herd.
The two punchers who had been left in
charge had already got the cattle hud-
dled together close to the rim of the
canon, after satisfying their thirst. The
fact was significant.

  The wind rose. The night fell black,
starless, chill, with a hint of snow. Sam
Canutt and his four employees joined
the other two riders at the trench-fire
camp where the mesa fell off into
Cougar Canon.

  Scarcely a word was spoken, for
Chucklin’ Kid was in no mood for
levity. His own reflections had never
been so tinged with melancholy.

  “Gosh, but I feel miser’ble,” he con-
fessed to himself. “Here, Gil Craw-
ford is steppin’ right plumb into his
own trap, with his mean, orn’ry hirelin’s
ready to bust up the herd he's bought
and paid for in cash! And I can’t see
it done, thinkin’ of them pore, crippled
dumb beasts at the bottom uh that
gorge!”

  He stared vacantly into the blackness
beyond the camp fire. “Pm plumb dis-
couraged! Plumb outgeneraled! Jedge
Lamison has sold my inheritance, with
the on’y water hole in fifty mile, and

Gil Crawford and Bowie will be laugh-
in’ up their sleeves at the way they
handled the little tenderfoot Canutt!
And me powerless to see ’em trap them-
selves with their own deviltry! It sure
is sickenin’. I never was so discour-
aged at anythin’.” He squatted on the
ground, heedless of the punchers about
him, and his head sagged low to his
knees.

  “Hey, Canutt!” whispered Cross-eye
Gillis suddenly.

  “-Huh?” Sam looked up listlessly.

  “Rustlers is here! I see ’em in the
mesquite. They got their hosses pick-
eted over yonder.” He gestured ahead.
“xA night like this a waggin’ tail or a
tumbleweed might start the herd to
heavin’!”

  Chucklin’ Kid’s jaw hardened.
“Cross-eye,” he muttered grimly, “you
and Bowie are mean enough to kill and
maim these cattle, to draw your pay
from Gil Crawford, ain’t you?”

  The traitorous foreman stared and
gulped. “I begun to suspect yuhr dude
lingo was all put on, an’ yuh was no
tenderfoot, Canutt! Yuh’re a broncho
peeler! We’ll do what we kin but we
can’t save the herd a night like this.”

  Chucklin’ Kid looked him squarely in
the eye by the firelight. “You’re all
hooked up with this crooked sin-dy-
kate outfit, ain’t yuh, waddy?”

  “Don’t be makin’ charges,” flared
the truculent foreman, “or I’ll drill
yuh!”

  “Jest when?” Sam Canutt pressed
the muzzle of his .45 against Gillis’
middle. “I aim to see you and Bowie
Kurtz and the whole Fryin’ Pan bunch
take charge of this herd, and ride on
the canon side. If there’s a stampede,
the cattle won’t go into that gorge.
Sabe?”

  Gillis’ eyes popped. “I ain’t got any
power to halt Bowie. He’s doin’ this!”

  “Listen to me!” snapped the Dry
River man. “If this herd goes over,
you’re fired! Not by me—you ex-
68

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

pected that! Fired by Bowie and Gil
Crawford.” He sheathed his weapon.
“I sold this bunch of stock and the
ranch to-day—to the sin-dy-l-oate. I
left instructions with Jedge Lamison
to close the deal, if I didn’t corns back!”

  “What!” Gillis staggered sideways.

  “And I sent Buck to the pass to halt
any news of the deal gettin’ through,
so’s you boys could go ahead and pull
this dirty trick. Sabe? But I got cold
feet, account them pore dumb beasts.
Now hustle over and tell Bowie Kurtz
how things stands!”

  Cross-eye Gillis* countenance grew
ghastly in the light of the trench fire.
He suddenly turned, mounted, and rode
through the darkness toward the silent
forms of the waiting Frying Pan con-
spirators.

  Ten minutes later a dozen riders were
on duty along the rim of the canon.
Chucklin’ Kid rode with them through
the night. Others of the syndicate out-
fit went home to bed.

  In the morning at the Bar T Dot
ranch house Buck Hanniford was wait-
ing.

  “I halted two riders,” said the tall
puncher. “I brung ’em along, and
they’re both in there now.” Fie mo-
tioned to the bolted door of a back
room.

  Chucklin’ Kid Canutt unbolted the

door. A sour-faced cowboy admitted
that he was bringing word from Gil
Crawford to Bowie Kurtz that the Bar
T Dot had not been sold,

  “What’s that?” yelled Sam, and his
wide ears jerked forward. “Not sold!”
“Yeah.” The cowboy glared.

  “And what’s your story?” Sam Ca-
nutt whirled on the other prisoner, a
mild-eved youth in his 'teens.

  “Fie locked me in,” exclaimed the boy
heatedly, indicating Planniford, “even
after I told him I was sent to see you.
Judge Lamison told me to deliver this.”
He extended a folded paper. Chuck-
lin’ Kid’s fingers trembled slightly as
he took the sheet; he read the note:

  Dear Mr. Canutt: Anent your instructions
to sell if you didn’t come back, I couldn’t swing
the deal because Crawford was suspicious,
learning you had changed to dude clothes in the
general store. So I followed your orders, in
event I failed, and wired your cowboy friends
in Dry River to take the next train. Regards,

Lamison.

  Chucklin’ Kid Canutt folded the pa-
per and thrust it into his pocket. “Buck,
let’s you and me go drive in that herd!
Now we shore got to stick. But the
boys will be here pronto.” His eyes
twinkled and a chuckle escaped his lips.
“I reckon Cross-eye and Bowie both
stand fired before the day is out for
what they didn’t do to my cows!”

 COLORADANS OPPOSED TO PERPETUAL GRAZING PERMITS
 'T'HE granting of permanent grazing permits on public lands in Colorado is
 opposed by many prominent citizens and organizations in that State. One
 of the most important of these organizations is the Colorado Mountain Club.
 It is pointed out that the granting of such grazing permits would tend to keep
 out homesteaders and delay development in much area of the State, making-
 grazing rights practically superior to forest, water, recreation, hydroelectric and
 wild-life preservation in national forest reservations.
id.. .	A.

. S'"-''' G)r&

 "•' >, * '-.0-,3k_

K7	*

Hffiaely Hunter of GhostRiver

 Clem Yore

                       Author of “ The Ride-emslick Kid," etc.

CHAPTER XV.

THE RACE.

UT on the desert the
mighty silence was broken
only by the thunder of
pounding hoofs—hoofs
that rose and fell with an
unbelievable beat. On
swept the two moving things. A
mounted route guard waved a hat;
another was trying to quiet his nervous
pony as the racers flew by. The pinto
was ahead. Annabel Lee was leading
by three full lengths, and the man on
her back was bending low over his
horse’s neck, taking a backward squint
frequently at the rushing form follow-
ing him.

  The second mile was passed. Anna-
bel Lee was holding her own. On she
galloped like a fantastical creature of
color. Up and down moved her mag-

nificent legs with a steady pound which
took the very heart’s blood out of Buck
Tedford as he watched them. The hills
came. Here was the first test—the
Broken Axle Hills, laden with grease-
wood and covered with mesquite—
through which wound the thin lurid line
of dangling red flannel markers. This
up-and-down going would kill a lung-
weak animal.

  At the very first rise the paint pony
showed her mettle. Over that low slope
she bounded like a deer. The voice of
the man above her was soft and musical
in her ears. These moved back and
forth, as the coaxing tones drove a
sense of comradeship home to the mare.
The crest was topped, and here Con-
nemara Boy drew up on a dead level
with the pinto.

  Homely, his face wet with perspira-
tion, turned, and stared brazenly into
the popping eyes of Buck Tedford.
70

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

 “Have you got me graded?” he
shouted.

  “All the time and all ways!” yelled
Buck. “And the finish of this romp
will be the finish of you.”

  “You think it’s Amarillo for mine,
eh?”

  “Amarillo the devil! It’s in this sand
right here and now!”

  Connemara lurched. There was a jerk
on the bridle rein; then a long-shanked
spur bit into his side. The great racing
machine swung at Annabel Lee while
Buck Tedford’s loaded quirt end came
down on Homely’s neck. But the
enormous, heavily starched collar broke
the force of the blow, and before Ted-
ford could take advantage of half a vic-
tory, Connemara Boy, now furious at
the touch of the spur, was pulling away
from Annabel Lee and running at
tremendous speed for a thick brush
cover.

  Just after Buck had stung the high-
natured horse with the dig of the rowel,
a man appeared on a slight rise directly
ahead.

  Buck Tedford was frantically trying
to control his horse and signal the man
at the same time. Homely watched with
amazement.

  Then came a loud, coarse shout.
“Drop him as he rides by!” The voice
was Buck’s.

  The being now directly ahead stared
into Homely’s face. Homely’s mouth
opened; his jaws sagged, and a
ludicrous stupefaction filled his fea-
tures. Yet in the fleeting look as he
dashed past, Homely knew the man. It
w,as Menifee, and in his hands was held
a carbine.

  jerking Annabel’s head to one side
and dropping his upper body over her
shoulder, he pulled her into a thorn
thicket as a gun cracked and a bullet
whined above him. The spines of the
cacti cut into his flesh, and twice he
was nearly pulled from the saddle; but
he guided the pinto back into the trail

and fled after Connemara Boy with an
even and tremendous gait.

  Now the thoroughbred was out of
sight.

  A small hill crest lay between the
pinto and the larger racer. When this
eminence was reached hlomely caught a
fleeting vision of Buck laying back on
his mount and trying to slow it down.
Then he vanished.

  Buck again appeared—this time be-
side a guard, a mounted man. They
seemed to speak, these two, as they
rode. A dust cloud arose, and when it
settled both men had disappeared.

  “That’s funny,” mused Homely.
“Where’d that second fellow get?”

  Out in a bare spot on the trail and
higher up on the hill Connemara Boy
shot and dissolved into another thicket.

  Then as Homely sped between two
heavy clusters of greasewood there
flashed a sudden, twisting, streak of
white along the earth. The youth
closed his eyes. He knew what that
meant. A rope! A lariat had been
strung across that trial.

  Already he could feel the crashing
impact of the fall, the biting contact
with the earth. But it did not come.
The saddle reared beneath his body,
and a delightful arch came into Annabel
Lee’s neck. He felt the mare’s power-
ful hind quarters gather in a mighty
effort. Then the constant clippety-clap
of those beating hoofs ceased to ring.

  The beat of the feet was broken.
Homely reacted with the swift cunning
of his riding nature. Instantly, he re-
adjusted his position and took the air
with the flying pinto, settling himself
for the shock of those alighting feet.
It came. Annabel Lee resumed her
tireless and road-eating gallop.

  “Thata girl!’’ yelled Homely. “You
sure seen that bear loop, didn’t you,
honey? Now let’s go. There can’t be
no more of ’em!”

  Then he looked back. The rope was
being pulled into a bush, and as it flew
HOMELY HUNTER OF GHOST RIVER

71

along small spirals of dust arose from
the jerking honda at its end. Homely
wiped his face, and a streak of black
grease paint covered his crimson neck-
erchief.

  The thought of how he would look at
the finish brought to his lips a pitiful
smile. Without being conscious of the
act he attempted to cleanse his face of
the black coating which covered it.

  Then somehow he felt the mare set-
tle herself into the long, deep stride
which told of her second phase of rac-
ing. Far ahead, so far, in fact, that
he could only see Buck’s highly colored
shirt, ran the great Connemara. The
timbered hills offered a broken vision
of the road, but the red flannel markers
were so placed that even a child could
have followed the route. Out came the
horse ahead on a treeless tract where
the road circled in a wide arch which
Homely knew to be the last bend 011
the return to the track. Clayton loomed
ahead.

  Annabel Lee was cutting down the
lead of Connemara Boy.

 Ahead of Tedford a horseman
showed who paid no attention to Buck
and his mount, but seemed engrossed in
the vision of the running pinto. This
abstraction evidently intrigued Buck,
for he bent low and took a backward
glance at Homely. When he arose
Hunter saw him gently prod Conne-
mara with a left spur. The act was
electrical in its results. Connemara
leaped, side fell, arose, leaped again
and, then, rearing, attempted to throw
his great bulk backward.

  On ran Annabel Lee. On went the
vague pantomime ahead and every act
of the great descendant of that other
Connemara, that wonderful sire of polo
ponies, brought a tense thrill of delight
to Homely Hunter. He knew what had
happened. Connemara had lost his
temper. He had forgotten to run, was
oblivious to the rushing hoofs back of
him. and was fighting his rider.

  Annabel Lee reached a point not
twenty feet behind Connemara before
the distracted horse settled himself.
The fury of Connemara’s mind gave
way before a stampede of eagerness to
get free from that hurrying sound back
of him. The nobility of his Irish and
American ancestry came with a rush.
And as the mare flashed by Connemara,
he emitted a wild squeal like that of a
maddened mustang stallion.

  Homely sensed what that meant,
knowing that a horse is of a single-track
mind; one emotion at a time is all the
animal is capable of. Now Connemara
was filled with an intense madness to
place his body ahead of that flying thing
before him. His heart was in the work.
His entire anatomy gave over to the
one business before him. Again came
the thud of those great hoofs as Homely
took a new position in his saddle and
laid his head and shoulders along Anna-
bel Lee’s neck.

  His voice murmured crooning words
into the flattened ears of the mare; once
or twice his hand gently tapped in an
affectionate manner the long, slick neck
now wet with perspiration. Somehow
this fondling of the pinto suggested
Mollv Mary—as he had last seen her;
as he had seen her once in that shaft of
silver moonlight in the door of her
father’s house. He saw Molly Mary
in her riding attire, before the scream-
ing people jammed into the grand
stand. Closing his eyes, Homely be-
came another creature and no longer
heard the savage whistle of the wind
past his ears, nor felt the tension of
the mare’s running effort. He only saw
a girl.

  That fancy gave way before a vague
hopelessness. A soddenness of spirit
it was—chill, dank, and weakening;
His heart beat furiously. Some qualitv
went out of his mind. The spirit of the
race was jerked away from his con-
sciousness.

  The rushing road, the wraithlike cacti
72

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

and mesquite and prickly pear ap-
proached him, jeered, pointed with its
suggestive arms, receded, and was gone.
The gray color overhead, the scream of
the wind, the drab and racing earth
under him—all these were, it seemed to
him, accompaniments to some destined
event, soon to occur. And he was rush-
ing into it, blind, dogged, unafraid.

  Unafraid? No, he was afraid! He
didn’t want to lose Molly Mary; he
didn’t want to lose the sight, the sound,
the smell of that marvelous desert.

  But the thing at hand now was to
win with this pinto; this gallant little
animal running free and on its nerve,
alone.

  “Come on, honey!” he screamed into
Annabel Lee’s ears.

  Connemara Boy was heard at his
side. The great nostrils were just out
there and a bit back of him; but the
sound of the horse’s rushing breath held
for Homely a strange and irksome note.
He didn’t glance at Buck; he paid not a
whit of attention to the animal at his
stirrup. He was staring ahead at a
streak of color now dangling in a
vagrant wind, at a rolling line of red—
the little flannel flags which led in a
gentle curve to a great and gaping hole
in a white and high fence. The fair
grounds were almost before him. The
top of the stand was alive with flutter-
ing ribbons of red and white and blue.
Beneath it was a motley of garish
shades—people! The wind was up, and
the streamers and flags and bunting
were calling to him. '

  Connemara Boy moved ahead. An-
nabel Lee showed her first signs of
vexation. But the leather bands which
joined her foaming mouth to Iiomely’s
hands gave forth ever so little pressure,
stilling the eagerness which fled to the
mare’s heart.

  Now Connemara was half a length—
then a full length ahead.

  The gate of the track was jammed
with men. These gave way and a wide

hole appeared and in this the white
posts and top-boards of the track fence.
Homely loosed his grip on the reins and
stroked Annabel’s throat. “Come on,
baby, now’s your time!” As though a
gift of great delight had surged into the
resolute body of the mare, she tore to
the side of Connemara Boy just as
Buck Tedford turned his head and
stared open-mouthed into Homely’s
eyes.

  “Now, Buck,” cried Homely, “here’s
where we begins to ride a horse.”

  The pole arch of the gate flashed
overhead, and both horses tore upon the
track, in as even a position as one could
imagine.

  From the stands came a multitude of
shrieking voices, evoking some strange
and unfathomable sound. The noise
seemed to strike the air a blow and be
hurled back by the somber sky above
in a hideous echo which magnified the
beat of the sound with a deafening
crash..

   The fence posts flashed by like mobile
and living objects.

  Buck stared into Homely’s eyes, but
made no reply to the taunt. Connemara
was forging ahead; now his flaming and
pulsing and rigid nostrils were in front
of the finely shaped head of the mare;
now his shoulder was opposite Annabel
Lee’s muzzle.

  The first section of the grand stand
was approached, and as the horses
rushed into full view of the frenzied
people, the military band burst into a
wild and exultant music. Homely was
riding now so low upon his horse that
he could see her forefeet as they rose
and fell and seemed to touch the earth.
He stared at the flashing boxes; he
peered at the running row of people; he
strained to catch a sight of just one
familiar face. Then he saw Jeffries—
Molly Mary.

   The girl was leaning far over the rail
of her box, her face set in wild and
beautiful excitement. She caught that
HOMELY HUNTER OF GHOST RIVER

73

look. In that vision, blind to her sur-
roundings, her finger tips went to her
lips, and she sent the symbol of a kiss
to him across that dirty, flat surface of
the track.

  Homely was fast approaching the
point of exhaustion; the race was tell-
ing on him; the pound of the saddle,
the tug of the pace, the beat of the
pumping heart, all these had worked at
his vital forces until now he was at the
border land of his endurance. His
face, streaked with black grease and
perspiration, was twisted with exhaus-
tion; his eyes were narrowed and grim
behind puckered and twitching lids, and
his teeth had sunk into his lower lip as
though by this act he was enabled to
hold on.

  But he had to do more than hold on.
That thought boomed in him. The
track had to be circled; the finish was
to be on that streak before him; that
white streak—when it flashed and ap-
peared the second time.

  The thought of Molly Mary’s act
went hurtling into his brain as though a
rocket had burst there and showered
him with sweet and ineffable delights.
She had flung him a kiss! Grimly
Homely drew back his swollen lips and
laughed in answer to the girl’s greeting.
Then he was gone.

  Dixie was being played by the band.

Oh! it’s a way down South in the land of
     cotton.

        Hurrah! Hurrah!

        Lead away! Lead away!

 The maddened music seemed an
exultation, a command. Lead away!

  “Now,” cried Homely, “you’ve got it
all honey!”

  He freed the bridle control and
pressed Annabel Lee’s sides with a
gentle touch of both spurs. A cry hit
the air as the mare leaped even with
Connemara. The quarter-mile mark
flashed like a vague mass of gray into
the receding line of white posts. The
back stretch seemed so close to Homely

that he thought it was racing ahead of
him. Then he entered it; he was count-
ing now.

  Another post went by. A hundred
feet—and the noses of the two horses
were level. Buck tried to swerve Con-
nemara into Annabel Lee, for the mare
was on the rail. But the furious pace
of the great horse permitted no atten-
tion to the tug on the rein. It ran in
great leaps, straight as a die, three feet
off the side of the pinto.

  The riding- position of the two men
was in some respects similar, the only
difference being that Buck leaned down
on the left side of his mount and Home-
ly on the right. As they rode, each man
could stare directly into the face of the
other. Buck was watching Annabel
Lee’s head and stealthily peering for
some leg weakness which would permit
him to lurch his mount against her and
throw her off her stride. Homely
knew what was transpiring in Buck’s
mind and jeered into his face. “She’s
just too much rooster, old hand!” he
cried. “And she’s a-going to win with
daylight between her tail and your
nose.”

  “I’ll kill you for this! As sure as I
meet up with you anywhere, when this
is done, I start smoking you 011 sight!”
shrieked Buck.

  “You’re killed this minute, old centi-
pede!” answered Homely. “You’ve shot
vour bolt and you ain’t got no stinger
left!”

  Then came the straightaway and that
dim, intangible shade across the track.
Buck saw it! Llomely fixed his eyes
upon it. Then Annabel Lee seemed to
inflate, to fill with an abundance of
something which pulsed and upheaved
under the legs of her rider. Homely
caught the red nostrils of Connemara,
saw the horse’s raw and bulging eyes.
Then these were gone. Annabel Lee
was out in front.

 A roar came from the stands.
Homely turned his head and saw Buck
74

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

using the quirt in a cruel and unbeliev-
ably swift punishment. Then he could
no longer sec the horse back of him. It
was two lengths behind. The whip had
jarred Connemara Boy out of the
thought of winning! He became torn
by a frenzy to fight the thing on his
back.

  There, before the maddened people,
the high-strung racer gave as true an
exhibition of resentment as was ever
evidenced by man. He quit, he quit
cold! Annabel Lee, with Homely rid-
ing high, wide, and handsome, and sit-
ting erect and holding with all his
strength to the reins, flashed across the
whitewashed line a winner, by at least
eight lengths.

  The earth seemed to leap, to jump,
to fling itself up at him, as Homely
jogged Annabel down the track, an
eighth, circled her. and rode slowly up
to the judges’ stand.

  Amid a bedlam of sound, he leaned
down and stared into the upturned face
of Molly Mary. He felt hands striking
his back; saw himself surrounded by
mounted men. Old Jeffries was there,
and in his gray eyes a dull and working
smoky fire played. He was watching a
man of medium build walking slowly
across the track. Then came a tall man
and back of him ten other men, the
sheriff, Big Bill Walton and his depu-
ties !

  Homely stepped out of his saddle,
and as he struck the earth, Molly Mary
grasped his hand; one of her arms went
around his waist. “Oh!’’ she gasped.
“Oh, Homely, Homely, it was grand!”

  Somebody was placing something
about Homely’s middle. He abandoned
the beauty of Molly Mary’s eyes to
stare at the grim width of a gun belt.
Quick fingers buckled it.

  “Your gun!” said a voice. Homely
grinned into the face of the foreman of
the Lazy Shield Bar. “We’re kinda
fearin’ trouble!”

  Then came another voice. It was

that of a man of medium build whom
Jeffries had been watching, the
Amarillo deputy sheriff.

  “I arrest you, Homely Hunter,” the
man was saying, “for the murder of the
marshal of Amarillo.”

  “Don’t lay a hand on that boy!”
echoed the dull tones of Hampton Jef-
fries.

  Then up stepped Big Bill Walton, the
sheriff. “That’s right,” he said. “If
you was to start away with this kid,
these people would make sausage out of
you. Get out! Jeffries, I parole
Homely in your custody. Understand ?
You’ll guard him and deliver him to me
upon proper credentials!”

   “I sure will,” answered Jeffries. “But
Texas has got a real scrap on her hands
before she takes this kid. Braid that in
your cigarette,” he added to the officer
from Texas.

  A tall figure strode beside Homely.
A voice said: “And that goes just two
ways, all across the board.”

  Homely swung about and stared into
the working features of Jerry Ouigley.

  “Boy!” was all the old man could
say. “Boy! my boy!”

  Then after a moment's silence Jerry
raised his head and looked with kindly
eyes into the face of Hampton Jeffries.

  “Darn my soul, Jeff,” he cried in a
strange voice, “I’ve been trying to stop
loving you for over thirty years. I’ve
been a very old fool. But this Homely
showed me the way !”

  Jeffries leaped from his horse. And
two old men stood with heads on the
shoulders of each and hands gripping
hands until the knuckles showed white.
Molly Mary turned away, her eyes
swimming tears, her tiny, polished boot
toe digging a hole in the earth.

- “I’ve been the fool, Jerry,” muttered
Jeffries. “But it’s all right right now!
Gosh, I’m tickled, old friend.”

  “Come on!” yelled Big Bill Walton.
“Here comes Buck and his men. If a
gun cracks in this arena, there'll be a
HOMELY HUNTER OF GHOST RlVEli

75

hundred people hurt. Get him out of
here, all you men!”

  Slowly the little cluster of Lazy
Shield Bar cowmen formed a circle
about Annabel Lee, Homely, and the
rest, as slowly working this circle out
of the press of the people, toward the
Jeffries stable at the far end of the
field.

  The band was playing a martial air;
the voice of the announcer was pro-
claiming the opening of the bronc rid-
ing, and out in the open space a cow-
boy clown was provoking the crowd to
a loud mirth by grotesque antics with a
trained mule.

  Buck Tedford took one look at the
slowly moving clot of horsemen, then
turned toward his stable. Connemara
Boy was streaked with lather, trembling
in every fiber. Buck’s men were stupe-
fied.

  Tedford rode slowly away, alone. As
he passed the grand stand a hullaballoo
of catcalls greeted him, then hisses and
jeers. Buck lowered his head and laid
both hands over the horn of his saddle.
When he reached the stable no handler
met him. Silently he unsaddled and
blanketed the racer, washed out its nos-
trils and mouth, and with a halter led it
outside, walking it up and down for the
“cooling out.”

  And as he walked a great tumult
raged in his heart. A grim decision
came to him—murder!

CHAPTER XVI.

A WOULD-BE LYNCHING.

IN the closed surrey. Homely. Jerry
Quigley, Molly Mary, and Jeffries
hurried away from the grounds. As
they were issuing from a side gate,
Fancy Frank and Jim Kearney sig-
naled the driver who stopped the team
as Jeffries stuck out his head.

  “We was a-wanting to sav a word
with Homely, sir/’ said Jim. “The two
of us is friends of his.”

  Homely flung back a curtain. “ You
plumb old worthless hounds, what’s a-
gnawing at you—-gambling? I'll be
downtown directly, as soon as I gets
washed up and my overalls on.”

  “We wasn’t wanting nothing but to
tell you that we seen Smoky Evans
drop a flag on the stand and we figgers
that’s some sort of signal. Was any
roughing handed you on that run out
there ?”

  Homely told of the attempts made on
his life.

  “You get that gossip to the sheriff
right away, Fancy,” ordered Jerry
Ouigley. “and have him pick up Meni-
fee as soon as he comes in out of that
brush. The other fellow I don’t know:
but by the time I gets through with
Menifee, he’ll sure tell all he knows
front, back and sideways.”

  “Where’ll you be, Aristotle,” mocked
Jim Kearney, “in say one, two or three
hours? Howdy, Miss Molly Mary,
won’t you let us slap him down, for a
little while, around five o’clock?”

  “Of course, boys”—she lowered her
voice—“but we’ve got him now, you
know!”

  “And that ain't the first verse,
ma’am.” Kearney laughed. “You ain’t
said the half of it. When it comes to

that, why-”

  Homely closed the curtain. “Drive
on, bo,” he cried, “these hombres ain't
got even a shade of shame.”

 Up at the Golden Sand Hotel,
Homely washed and dressed himself
while Molly Mary, her father, and Jerry
Quigley sat in a room and talked, talked
over topics which were dear to the
hearts of them all.

  When Homely joined them his face
was wreathed in smiles, a great light
dwelt in his eyes. “If I was a angel I
couldn’t feel any happier than I does
a-looking at you old-timers, a-sitting
and a-grinning at each other. And it
she just won’t start a blow-off, I wants
to hear about this here thing, this thing
76

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

what done busted you-all forty ways
from a center,” he said.

  “You tell him, Jerry,” said Jeffries.
“It’s your part Jeff, seein’ as how I
was to blame.”

  “To keep peace in this family,” said
Molly Mary, “I’ll tell it.”

  “No you won’t!” cried Jerry. “I’ll
fill Homely’s ear myself, plumb full,
too. Jeff and me was a-courting the
same gal, a while back, about thirty
years. And what I means is, we was a-
courting her. Well, sir, do you know,
I was that stuck on myself, I done come
to be concluded that she was in love
with me. Then one day Jeff walks up
to me, and he says:

  " ‘Jerry, Molly and me was married,
last night!’

  “‘What?’ I says.

  “ ‘Yep,’ he says, ‘we was double
spliced and now I’ve got her down on
that little bittie ranch of mine a-fixing
up the supper. She wants you to come
over and eat with us.’

  “And then I lost my fool head and
walked away from him. When she
died I wanted to come and say some-
thing to Jeff but by that time I was
pride poisoned and filled full of fiend.
I suffered. I tried to make Jeff mad
all sorts of ways, so’s he’d get to talk-
ing to me and give me a chance. And
so we just dragged and dragged, fur-
ther and further apart like a pair of
locoed mares.”

  “And I,” interpolated Jeffries, “I
tried to hem you up in all Sorts of
cracks so’s you’d go poverty poor and
I could give it all back and show you
which a way I was a-setting in regards
to you.”

  “Yes, and I was low-down skunk
enough to try to break you, too. Why,
just a little while ago a old Mcx—you
know him, Jeff—old Andreo, he told me
a cock-and-bull story about Ghost River
eating a way under them big pine hills
at the bend and cutting a course through
ground what would water all that bot-

tom land of yours, yes, and run over
mine into Mexico. I tried to verify that
yarn in the hope that I could grab that
land and carry you some grief what
would make you bend and break my
way. But it was all in my hate and in
that old greaser’s head.”

  “No, it wasn’t!” cried Homely. “She
sure is gnawing at them rocks. Here’s
the real low-down on that thing.”

  And while Jerry sat in a silent stupe-
faction, Homely told of his discovery.
Jeffries recounted the letter he had re-
ceived, and what he had found out
about it in El Paso. Jerry’s face
blanched; his hands gripped his chair
sides; he seemed to seethe with a vast
and piercing inward emotion. At the
close of the narrative, he looked at his
watch.

  “I’ll be back for dinner,” he an-
nounced. “But right this minute I’ve
got a special thing or two to say to Buck
Tedford and I wants to have it said be-
fore he thinks he can ride back to my
ranch.” He picked up his hat and fled.

  Molly Mary looked from the window.
“They’re bringing in Menifee, dad!”
she cried. “And another man, too. Do
you know him, Homely?5’

  “I can’t identify his face,” said
Homely, “but his nag sure looks like
the bronc I seen just before Annabel
Lee leaped that rope!”

  “There’s your two friends following
along with them,” said Jeffries, indicat-
ing Fancy Frank and Jim Kearney. “I
reckon I better be sitting in on that con-
fab. Them boys will have to have a
place to sleep when they gets through
telling what they know, and I don’t
want that Kearney locked up one single,
little minute, if I can help it. Will you
two be lonesome without me?”

  “Dad!” Molly Mary pouted.

“You better stay here, Colonel.”
Homely laughed. “I sure feels myself
a-slipping, and by the time you gets
back, I’m liable to be all the way gone.”
But Jeffries with a look of utter con-
HOMELY HUNTER OF GHOST RIVER

77

tent had opened the door and walked
from the room.

  What Homely said and what Molly
Mary answered was known only to
themselves and the four rough walls of
the small hotel. Time fled on • winged
feet before they were conscious of a
deep rumble down the street.

  There was something ominous in that
profound tone of animal anger which
filled the air. There was a quality
which hit a peculiarly evil and repulsive
chord. Molly Mary’s face blanched,
and her breath quickened. Then both
of them' rushed to the window.

  “A mob!” exclaimed Molly Mary.
“They’ve got Menifee and that other
man in the lead. Yonder comes dad
and Jerry and Big Bill Walton. Oh,
Homely, they’re going to lynch those
men on that flag pole in front of this
hotel!”

  “I reckon somebody told somebody
what they tried to do to Annabel and
me. Here’s where I get down and talk
some, for them hombres,” replied
Homely, moving toward the door.

  But Molly Mary clung to his arm.
“Don’t go,” .she implored. “I can’t tell
you what it is, but somehow I feel that
you should not go out on the street,
Homely. Please don’t go! You can’t
do a thing; it’s too late!”

  Then a loud voice shouted: “Wait,
you boys! Wait, I tell you!”

  It was Big Bill Walton speaking.
His voice arose out of the crowrd now
gathered about the flag pole in a mighty
tone. It stilled the mutterings of the
crowd; men paused and turned as they
led Menifee and his companion to the
platform.

  Big Bill leaped beside Menifee and
raised a hand. “Boys,” he shouted in
so loud a tone that his words carried all
over the square, “you haven’t heard it
all! And I’m dead sure you ain’t aim-
ing none to pull off just half a job.”

  “Spill it, quick, Bill!” the leader of
the mob cried.

  “These men have confessed that they
tried to kill Homely or cripple Annabel
Lee because of a split they was to get
in the money bet bv Smoky Evans, Ike
Witherspoon, Shorty Fanton, and Buck
Tedford. If you fellows lynch them
here and now, where’s our evidence to
hang a crime on these real bad ones?
I promise you that these men will get
everything that’s coming to them. Let
the law take its course, boys.”

  Molly Mary turned back into the
room. But Homely was gone. Going
to the window she saw him walking
slowly across the street back of the
mob. He elbowed a way to the sheriff,
and she heard his clear and calm drawl
as he stared into Big Biirs eyes.

  “Can I mutter a word or two?” he
asked.

  A bellow of demand arose out of the
crowd.

  “I reckon boys,” said Homely as he
took a place beside Menifee and the
sheriff, “if any man in this here bunch
had oughta have a grudge, it’s me. But
what Big Bill says is dead right. It
wasn’t only to win this race that these
hombres tried to knock me silent out
on that sand! No! It was because of
a killing what come off back in Amaril-
lo. Three men, Ike Witherspoon,
Shorty Fanton, and the marshal of
Amarillo years ago killed my dad. Last
summer I showed up in that town and
rode broncs and generally tried to earn
some easy-hard money. Them three
saw me and planned to put me away as
they did my dad, for they figured I
was down out of Wyoming to get ven-
geance. The marshal led me down a
dark street; he was joined in a quiet
spot by Ike and Shorty, and then he
tried to kill me. But I was too fast
for the three of them. If you boys kills
these men, then I stands trial for that
murder, and Ike and Shorty are the
witnesses what’ll put me away for
keeps. If we can hang this job of to-
day on them, we’ve sure got something
78

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

to say to a Texas jury when they ex-
tradites me.”

  A murmur ran through the crowd.

  “What he says is plumb true,” yelled
Menifee, now nothing but a blanched
and trembling fear-stricken wretch.
“Ike and Shorty said just that much to
me, and Buck was wanting the kid put
away, because Witherspoon is a kin to
him. I’ll sure tell what I knows, if you
give me the chance.”

  Jim Kearney leaped beside Homely.
His face was white, his eyes wild; a
deep, nervous tremor racked his
throat.

  “Homely never shot that marshal!”
he cried. “I shot him from behind a
tree when I seen him about to pull his
gun.”

  Then in a swift narrative he told
of all that he had seen and heard in
Amarillo; of his escape to the North;
of the letter Fancy Frank had sent him
and why he had come to Clayton to be
of service to Homely. Then out of the
hotel window there came a voice.

  The mob swung about as one man
and stared at the pale face of Molly
Mary. Her lips moved; the throng
grew still to catch her words.

  “I know what these men say is true!”
she exclaimed. “I was passing down a
street in Amarillo on my way to the
depot and I came to a place where three
men were surrounding a fourth. One
of the men lit a cigarette, and by its
light I recognized Homely as the man
whose bronc riding I had admired that
same afternoon. I complimented him
on his performance and passed around
the corner. Midway in the block I
heard a shot and an instant later a man
I"know to have been Jim Kearney
passed me on the run. You mustn’t
lynch these prisoners. If you want to
do' a good deed for me and for Homely,
let them live and all of you get out and
find Ike Witherspoon, Shorty, and
Ruck Tedford. Unless something is
done and done quick. Homely will have

to stand trial for a murder he never
committed. Please, boys, please!”

  A silence followed her appeal. Then
the leader of the mob threw the rope
that had been placed about Menifee’s
neck into Big Bill’s hand and, turning
to the crowd, cried, “Boys, I reckon
she’s all right as Big Bill says. What’s
your pleasure?”

  “Get Buck!”

  “Where’s them other birds ?” another
shouted.

  “Let’s go!” cried a third.

  The mob broke into small clusters
and parted sufficiently for the sheriff to
lead his prisoners safely down the
street. As he rounded a corner a man
ran to a hitch pole, leaped upon a horse,
and darted away. The brand on the
hip of that pony Molly Mary recog-
nized as the Two Bar Slash Tum-
bling T.

  Instinctively she knew that the rider
was heading some place to warn the men
whom the mob was now bent 011 cap-
turing. She tried to scream, to catch
the eye or the ear of Homely or her
father; but the turmoil in the street,
the rushing of men here and there, and
the confusion incident to a new design
held the mob in a distraction which pre-
vented her from making her voice
heard. When she saw Jerry Ouigley,
Homely, and Jeffries start for the hotel
she dropped into a chair and gave way
to tears.

  When once more she looked from the
window the street was deserted. Far
away she heard the clatter of many run-
ning horses. The frenzy of a man hunt
sounded in those galloping echoes; the
turmoil of anger was in the sky; the
earth itself gave forth the suggestion
of some dreadful portent. Icy fingers
seemed to chill the heart of the girl,
and as Homely entered the room she
threw herself upon his breast and clung
to him as would a little child.

  “There, now, honey,” he said nerv-
ously, “if it ain’t all right all ways, I
HOMELY HUNTER OF GHOST RIVER

79

don’t know a sure-enough sign of peace.
Why, Molly Mary, trouble has disap-
peared from all of us-all just like a May
morning. We’re going to have rain,
before a great while!”

  Molly Mary raised her face and
smiled through tears.

  “We sure are," commented Jerry. “I
heard a fellow say down the street that
the railroad agent just got a telegram
that it’s raining cats and dogs up in the
Big Yellow Hills. They’ve had three
cloudbursts there already which washed
out two bridges, and the water is head-
ing down Ghost River in a wall eight
feet high. Just look at them clouds a-
rolling this way now.”

  A knock came on the door. When
Jeffries opened it a Mexican boy gave a
letter to him. The missive was ad-
dressed to Homely Hunter. Opening it
.Homely read the contents and with a
laugh handed the letter to Jerry.

  “What is it?” demanded Molly Mary.

  “I reckon you better not know,
honey!” replied Ouigley.

  “If it has to do with Homely I’ve
got a right to know. Homely and I are
to be married. Mister Ouigley!”

  “Then read it yourself.” answered
the old man and gave the letter into the
girl’s hand. “You might as well start
early.”

  Slowly Molly Mary read aloud:

  “Both you and I can’t live in this country
any more. She's too small for the two of us.
Don’t let the sun go down on you in Clayton!
And I don’t mean perhaps. I’ll be in town
and if I sees yoq on the street, I starts shoot-
ing at the first squint.”

  “Who sent that?” inquired Jeffries
incisively.

  “Buck Tedford.” replied Molly
Mary.

  “By this time,” remarked Jerry,
“Buck is sure heading out somewheres
with a real wholesale lot of trouble rid-
ing on his tail. Don’t pay no attention
to that thing, Molly. Let’s go down to
supper!”

CHAPTER XVII.

“don't go!”

'T'HE sun had set, and a wan twilight
was in the air. It had been a “no-
sun” day. Those who feasted at the ex-
pense of the town had now gone home.
Clayton was deserted, save for a few
old men and many eager and anxious
women, a few storekeepers, saloon men,
and loiterers. A wind sobbed; a wind
before rain it was. It echoed in the
hollow spaces between houses, it
boomed in the heart of Molly Mary as
she stood staring at the dim silhouette
of hills where the hurrying posse had
fled on the track of the escaped ruffians.
Out there, where that grotesque mass of
shapes cut the evening glow like a horde
of repulsive beings, more than two hun-
dred of the county’s best horsemen were
searching for Shorty, Ike, Smoky, and
Buck.

  Buck! If that were true! If only
Buck were ahead of that sheriff’s band.
But she felt that he was not. Far oft
she saw a flash, another, then three
more in an unbelievably quick succes-
sion. She knew—Apache fire signs! v
“Dad! Mr. Quigley!” she cried.
“Come here!”

  The men ran to her side and stared
from the window.

  “Watch those signals!” she cried. •
“What are they?”

  “Injun signs! No! my signs,” said
Jerry quickly. “And they reads: We
go south! Meet us!’1

  “Buck?” asked the girl. “Is it
Buck?”

  “No, not Buck,” responded Jerry.
“It’s my guess some hombre’s making
them signs for Buck. He don’t putter
around with his fire like them fellers;
Buck’s hiding out back this way. Maybe
he’s gone up in the cedar brakes back
of town or out in the Broken Axle hills.
But there’s just one sure thing!”
“What?” asked the girl,, staring at
Homely’s face, as he came into the
80

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

 room from a meeting with Fancy Frank
 and Kearney.

   “Them fellers will never get away
 from that posse, now!”

  “Why?”

   “Them’s Rattlesnake Hills, and the
 west side of ’em drops right off into
 Mormon Canon. That means them fel-
 lers is sure enough trapped—rat-
 trapped! What's the matter, honey?"

   Molly Mary was scrutinizing the fea-
 tures of Homely. She did not hear
 Jerry’s anxiety, nor did she feel the
 hand her father laid on her shoulder.
 She was staring at a shallow light in
 Hunter’s eyes, at a peculiar twitch of
 the muscles of his left cheek.

   “Leave us alone, dad,” she said in a
 disconsolate tone. “I want to be alone
 with Flomely.”

   “Come on, Jeff,” said Jerry. “Of
 -course, they wants to be alone. Let’s
 you and me go down the street.”

   “No! Don’t do that,” said Homely
 in an ominous voice. “Don’t either of
 you-all go out of this hotel to-night.”
 “Why?” asked Jeffries.

   “Buck’s in town,” announced Home-
 ly, “and he’s done a considerable
 amount of talking. I reckon he’s leap-
 ing wild with liquor, by this time, too. I
 just wouldn’t give him a chance.”
 “Come on,” said Jerry. “We’ll wait
 for you downstairs, boy,” he added to
 Homely.

   “What’s wrong, dear?” asked Molly
 Mary. “What has happened to make
 your face look like it does?”

  Homely stared at the door as it
 closed after the old men. “My face, my
 face?” he seemed to repeat the words
 like a man in a dream. “Oh, my face!
 Why, sometimes my face gets that a
 way. It’s funny about my face! All
 sqee-geed with ugliness! Is that what
 you mean?”

   “Tell me!” spoke Molly Mary in a
 voice which mocked the beauty of her
 eyes. “Tell me what has happened.”
 “Nothing, except Buck has been

down at the Magpie Saloon and he
makes his brags that he’s a-going to
kill Jerry and me as soon as he sees us.
He blames Jerry for everything that
went wrong with the race. Buck’s hid-
ing out, nobody knows where!”

  “But why don’t some of the men in
town catch him?”

  “There ain’t no men in town, to speak
of, except that deputy from Amarillo,
a few of our hands, and some of
Buck’s old friends. Looks like, now, as
if—as if I gotta leave you!”

  “No!” cried Molly Mary, throwing
her arms about Homely’s neck. “No,
not that, Homely, not that, dear!”
“Why, Molly Mary,” he replied, “you
wouldn’t go for to want me to stay
cooped up like a setting hen when that
fellow’s prowling around and slinging
all kinds of talk about your dad and
me and Jerry, would you?”

  “No, not that way!” she cried,
oblivious to his question. “I don’t want
you on the street to-night. In the
morning, dear, when the sheriff and his
posse come back then we can go out
and ridevhome. Nobody will know!
Nobody would blame you, if you didn’t
go out to-night! Can’t you see that
you’re not expected to hunt down this
man? That’s the sheriff’s duty! No-
body will criticize you; nobody will ever
know!”

 “I’ll know! And you’ll know,
honey!”

  “All I want is you, Iiomely! You! I
don’t care what people say or what they
think. Don’t go; promise me you won’t
go!”

  There was silence—save for the howl
of the rising wind and the hollow echo
of walking feet along the wooden side-
walks. These struck the ears of the
girl with a ghastly resonance. She
turned and stared at the window. Her
lips moved. She seemed to grow livid
and then to utterly blanch under the im-
pelling suggestion of that sound from
the street, that light and catlike tread.
HOMELY HUNTER OF GHOST RIVER

811

  “Promise me, dear!” she repeated
through dry lips.

  “I can’t do that,” he said. “I can’t
do that.”

  “Not for me?”

  “Not for you or for me, either! I
couldn’t do that, Molly Mary. It’s big-
ger than me, this thing!”

  “You mean you want to get even with
Buck? You mean you want to kill a
man and come to me with his blood on
your hands? Is that what you mean?”
The girl had become overwrought,
launching into a tirade of accusation.
“Don’t you know that this is the biggest
instant of my life, my very life? Think
of what it will mean to have murder
and marriage mixed in the very same
day, the same instant! Oh, Homely,
don’t go out, now/’

  She was clutching at him with her
beautiful hands, fondling his cheeks,
stroking his hair, employing a prayer,
an appeal, a beseeching expression that
swept all timidity from her face and
eyes, using in her fingers a soothing
movement which almost unmanned
Hunter. Gently he took her hands and
held them over his heart.

  “Listen, honey,” he said sweetly, and
she closed her eyes at the sound of his
voice, at the rush of anticipation she
felt in his words, “I wouldn’t any more
cause you to worry like you is than I
would think of sinking a knife in your
heart. But this thing—everybody in
town knows that Buck has beat that
posse. He back-tracked Big Bill and
he’s come here to do dirt to Jerry and
me. If I marries you, and God knows
that’s the big minute in my little life,
I’d have to move away. No matter
what else I would do afterwards, this
here country would always remember I
was afraid to walk on the street!
Feared, skecred silly, of just one man
on the street, after dark, too! I
couldn’t hold up my head, and after a
little while this gaunt and ghostly thing
would jump up and come a-tween I and

you. You’d look at me and see me
slinking in this here room, my arms
about you, sniveling like a little pup!
Can’t you see I gotta be true to my
breeding ? I gotta do what a man does,
in a man’s way, when a man’s up agin’
the real thing, in a young country like
this; where’s a fellow’s grit -and his
honor is all that’s left to him to throw
away or hold up, so all men can see it’s
lily white and plumb clean. I gotta
go and meet Fancy Frank and Jimmy.
I told ’em I would.”

  Again came the sound of the walking
feet over the hollow boards. Molly
Mary stared at the window, motioning
with a slight nod that she wanted Home-
ly to see who was making the sound.

  He strode to the window and peered
from it boldly. Below, in the street,
he saw Fancy Frank walking up and
down, glancing this way and that, and
staring occasionally at the entrance to
the hotel. He saw the blanched face of
a woman raised toward the window at
which he stood; he caught a man in a
store door looking hard at Fancy Frank.
Then a vast revulsion swept him.

  All the town was watching that hotel
door, waiting for him to come out;
watching the drama of his courage. His
being seemed to grow numb. Then he
saw Molly Mary’s eyes; she had mis-
understood what was raging in his
heart.

  “It was him?” She stated a fact as
though it were a question. “Wasn’t it
Buck?”

  “No!” he answered sharply. “It’s
Fancy Frank, and he’s waiting out
there, parading up and down and run-
ning a risk of getting pot shot just to
give me a chance. Then I seen a
woman’s face peering from behind a
curtain, and she saw me sneaking a look
out of this window. And another fel-
low in a door was watching, too.
Everybody waiting, honey, and now
I gotta go. Will ya give a fellow a little
kiss just to help him 011 his way?”
82

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

  “If you go out that door, Norman”
—she stumbled over his name, and then
as though in palliation for the affront of
this formal tone she added—“if you go
out that door and leave me to suffer I’ll
never see you again. Never! Do you
understand, Homely?"

  His reply came to her like an echo.
“Then I wants these words to keep a-
ringing in your ears as long as you live,
I couldn't be the sort of man you seem
to see, if I was false to what I thinks
is right. What you sees in me I don’t
know, and I been a-studying about that,
too; but whatever it is. I know it’s
something mighty fine or you wouldn’t
go for to give your dear little self away
to a pack rat like me, unless you seen
me true blue. If I was yellow. I
wouldn’t be fit to be a husband to you,
no, sir! You just remembers that I
love you better’ll my life but I couldn’t
keep off this street one minute, even if
I knew I had to give you up. I ain’t
nothing but what the saddle pounded
into me, and my riding has learned me,
and the wind has drove under my skin.
I’m just as I is and I can’t sneak behind
the prettiest thing in my life to
hide away from the ugliest. I gotta
meet it. Good-by, honey, for a little
while. But don't you worry! I’ll be
back! I just know I’ll be back; I got
that hunch!”

  “Homely!” Molly Mary screamed
and rushing toward the boy raised her
face and met his kiss with her lips.

  And while he held her tightly to his
slender shape he felt her suddenly wilt
in his arms. He withdrew his lips and
saw that she had swooned. Picking her
up he laid her on the bed. loosened the
neck of her waist, raised the window
high, and then hurried downstairs
where he met Jeffries.

  “Molly Mary’s fainted,” he said.
“You and Jerry go 011 up and keep her
quiet. I’ll be back, in a little while, if
I’m coming back. If I don’t, then you-
two always be kind, won’t you?”

  “Boy,” said Jerry stepping to his side,
“look out for a ‘lady-gun’' up Buck’s
sleeve, if you gets right close quarters.
And watch him like a hawk. Watch his
shift. He always moves a leg afore
he pulls a gun.”

  Jeffries held out a hand which Home-
ly grasped fervently and silently. Then
quickly he ran up the stairs.

  “I’m a-going with you,” said Jerry.
“Colonel, you is needed up yonder
right now! And if you wants to tickle
me pink, you go up there and keep her
from worrying. It’ll be all over in a
little while.”

  “You’re a big sorta little fella.
Homely!”

  “You wouldn’t have me do otherwise,
would j a?”

  “I know! You’re just perzactly my
kinda hombre, boy! And all I gotta
say is take care of yourself and shoot
slow and low! Good-by!”

CHAPTER XVIII.

TEN MINUTES TO LIVE.

1V4 EX stood about in the Magpie
Saloon like automatons. They
leaned against the side wall, where both
doors could be readily seen. They
waited; they lounged; they listened!
Back of the bar stood the keeper of the
resort, polishing glasses. Before him
reclined Fancy Frank, Jim Kearney,
and the Texas officer, There was a low
hum of voices in a far corner. The
gambling dev ices were stilled; the gam-
blers sat idly smoking about their tables.

  Then every one became on the alert.
Footsteps grated on the gravel of the
street which was nothing more than a
road. They pounded on the platform
before the saloon.

  The door opened, and in stalked
Homely. His eye's swiftly roamed
every face, and form, beneath that dim-
ly lighted ceiling. And with a smile he
walked firmly to the bar.

“It’s sure my night to buy.” He
HOMELY HUNTER OF GHOST RIVER

83

laughed. “Step up here, all you sand-
eating, cow-chasing, thirst carriers; it’s
my night to spill my money, and the
winner pays ! Everybody’s welcome,
and this mahogany feels like plush.
Come on! A fella would think some-
body had died!”

  Men glanced at men; one laughed,
and then all moved toward the bar.
When the glasses had been filled a gam-
bler proposed a toast.

  “To one sure-enough hard-riding, de-
cent-living, plumb-white cowboy!’'’ he
said. “Let's drink her down!”

  A door was suddenly flung back and,
as all eyes turned at the sound, Buck
was seen standing just inside the room.
He looked like a figure viewed in the
little end of a telescope. Then came
his voice.

  “You-all knows the code of this land,
don’t you?”

  Homely took two steps away from
the men about him. “It’s your move,
fella,” he said sharply, yet with no sign
of anger or rancor in his words.
“Start after your iron!”

  Buck smiled, and that expression be-
came a snarl. “I wasn’t a-meaning just
that, right now,” he said. “I’m a-com-
ing to that. What I means is—the law
of this desert is that when a man drinks
with a man, there won’t be no shooting
under that roof. Now I craves to take
a drink with you, kid, a fare-thee-well
gargle of red-hot licker. Does that
g°?”T

  “You’re as welcome as if you had the
smallpox,” said Homely, smiling.
"Pour your poison. It’s race money
what’s paying for this seance. Drink
hearty and stay a long time!”

  A murmur ran throughout the men.
Fancy Frank and Jim stood away from
the others, and it was noticed that each
of them loosened a belt that held a
gun.

  Buck approached the bar, where
standing room was made for him and,
without a word, filled his glass. This

he lifted and held high, as his eyes
caught and fixed those of Homely.

  “I heard what you spoke, ‘Cincin-
nati,’ ” he said to the gambler who had
proposed the toast. “And I’m sure a-
swallowing this licker on top of them
words. Here’s to a game kid, maybe!’’
Guffawing loudly he put glass to lip,
and the whisky vanished down his
throat in a single gulp. Other men
drank; all but Homely whose lips bare-
ly touched the glass. The saloon man
threw away the whisky.

  “What’s the game?” Hunter ques-
tioned Tedford.

  “I’m a-craving to find out just how
much nerve you’ve got. I’ve drunk
your licker to a toast what I knows to
be a lie,” answered Buck. “I knows
you’re white-livered and low-down.
But I wants all this town to know it.
Here’s my proposition. I’ll be walking
that street out there in just ten min-
utes. Ten minutes, does you hear?
Ten minutes from the time I leave!”
“Go on!” Homely’s face was a sight.
“I ain’t a-missing a word, or flicking a
ear. And what’s more, I’m watching
that little old two-bit derringer you has
got up that leather-vest sleeve. A man
what carries a gun, where crooked gam-
blers carries a cold deck, can’t say noth-
ing what’ll stampede my brains when
it busts into my ears. Ten minutes, is
a long, long time, sometimes. What
about this ten minutes of yours?”

“In ten minutes, if I catches you on
this street, I starts shooting. And you
can do the same! Is that agreeable?”
From that street came the sound of
voices, hushed voices.

  “Friends of yours?” asked Homely,
signifying with a nod that he had heard
the men outside. “Are they waiting
for you?”

  “Yep! Just a few old podners who’ll
see I gets a fair shake on this last lap.
To-morrow’ll be another day, and
maybe then no friends will do me much
good. Now, I hankers for just one
84

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

whizzer with you. If I can’t get that,
I’ll slide up and feed old Jerry what
sure is his right medicine for ditching
me!”

  “I’ll be out in ten minutes,” replied
Homely. “And I’ll have a friend or
two with me just for to match yours.”

  “My friends won’t bother none,” of-
fered Buck. “They’s just old-timers
what believes a grudge ought to be
fought out and not tried out in a court-
room.”

  “This kid will have friends, Buck,”
commented Cincinnati. “Just wrap that
up and remember it. One of you boys
open that door and tell them hombres
outside that when this ten minutes is up
there hadn’t better be no man a-loafing
around this house. This kid gets away
from the Magpie clean, and only one
man takes a shot at him.”

  A faro dealer opened a door and
spoke quietly to a group of men stand-
ing in the shadow of a blacksmith shop.
There came a voice which Fancy Frank
recognized. That voice assured the in-
mates of the Magpie that the men out-
side were there for no other purpose
than to see that Buck was given a
square deal. The door closed.

 “That was ‘Raton Harry’,”
announced Fancy. “And you can tie to
what he says. Set your watch with
that there clock, Buck! We moves
when the time’s up. And she starts
when you shuts that door!

  Buck examined his watch, adjusted
it, replaced it in a pocket, backed toward
the door, and vanished.

  Some one gave vent to a click of
laughter. It sounded like an affront,
and every eye found the offender.

  Jim Kearney dropped an elbow on
the bar and moved a forefinger up and
down the polished mahogany. Fancy
Frank talked in a low tone to Cincinnati.
Men moved away from the little cluster
about Homely, and one or two sat down
and rolled cigarettes. The sound of
the saloon keeper washing glasses rang

with a silvery tone in the room. A
windowpane rattled and the wind
moaned.

  “Old podner,” said Kearney, “I just
wish somehow you’d let me go on with
this thing.”

  Homely heard; the look in his eye
chilled Kearney.

  “Oh, I knows!” exclaimed Jim.
“Jerry told me all about it! Told me
all about it after supper!”

  “About what?” asked Homely ab-
sently.

  “About you and Miss Jeffries. Now
if anything was to happen to you, it’d
well nigh break her heart. Don’t you
think just this once, you could let a
buddy step up and shoot this thing out ?
Them fellers outside would agree to it
and make Buck stand for it—if they
knew about you and this here girl.
Can’t I?”

  Homely waved a negative with his
head. Then he smiled and dropped an
arm about Kearney’s shoulders. “You
knew better’n to ask me that, Jim,” he
drawled. “You old hound, you knew
better’n all that.”

  “I’ll do it, then!” cried Cincinnati.
“You ain’t a-going to run no such risk,
if there’s a girl a-waiting for you. Let
me do this, Homely! I’ll be glad to
turn a trick like this. Why”—the game-
ster smiled with thin, pallid lips, an ex-
quisitely serene light dancing in his eyes
—“doing such a thing as that might
square a lot of mean stuff I’ve slung
about in my life. I’d sure be obliged if
you’d let me take your place. And I’m
right fast, too!”

  “Thank you, old pilgrim,” said
Homely. “But you see, Buck and I just
didn’t like each other from the first time
we met. His hating me ain’t because
I beat him at that race, or because I
wounded his skin. No, sir, it’s deeper’n
all that. When two men hates each
other it’s deeper’n acts and stronger
than motives. It’s bedded down in the
brain and it’s gnawing all the time at
HOMELY HUNTER OF GHOST RIVER

85

a man. Buck’s been mad at me, ever
since I made a monkey outa him, when
he tried to make a fool outa me. Boys,
she's got to go as she lays! Two min-
utes has gone byf

  “Now, if you-all don’t mind, some of
you spills along and sees that I have got
a free street in front of me when the
time’s up. Please, Jimmy, you and
Fancy and Cincinnati, and you, deputy,
too, you fellows amble out and give me
just ten feet clear space in front of this
door. Now T wants to be alone a
while.”

  Men poured from the saloon. The
closing of the doors brought Homely
up with a jerk. Only the ticking clock
could be heard; this, and the faint puf-
fing of a cigarette by the man back of
the bar—the puffing of a cigarette
which had gone out.

  Homely was insensible to what was
going on about him. All he could think
of was the lifeless, colorless, lovely face
of Molly Mary as he had seen it last.
The saloon man spoke to him but he
did not hear.

  The glory of youth was in his eyes.
And melancholy was in his heart—
anguish. That hardened keeper of the
saloon, who had seen death parade be-
fore his eyes many times, who had dealt
death himself, on occasions, now quailed
before the sight of Homely’s face.

  Somehow Hunter radiated some ab-
horrent quality. His shoulders twisted;
his neck cords twitched; his nostrils
whitened; his blue lips drew in at their
corners. He looked like a pilloried
soul, a spirit that was on the rack of
some ugly and evil thought.

  “Have you looked at your gun?”
asked the saloon man.

  “Huh ?” queried Homely rousing and
half pulling his six-gun from its sheath.
“That’s all right.” He smiled. “I was
thinking of something else—somebody
else!”

  His mouth became tasteless. His
forehead worked, and a clammy damp

came upon it which he felt impelled to
wipe away, rub away, cleanse away, as
one would clease off an evil and de-
testable smear. A flush made a pale
crimson take the place of his facial
tan. Then a shiver assailed him, a
shiver which was more of a convulsion
than anything one could have called it.
He had a paroxysm of rebellion, as
though a loathing had flooded his rea-
son.

  “Would a drink steady you?” asked
the bar man.

  “I don’t drink,” replied Homely, “and
I wouldn’t now under no case.”

  “I was glad when you set down that
glass, a while ago,” replied the resort
proprietor. “You’re all right, sticking
sober!”

  A gust of wind drove around a cor-
ner. Both men stared at the lighted
street where the sifting sand, through
the windows, appeared like visible wind.

  “She’s going to bust!” announced the
saloon man. “Rain—and one whale of
a lot of it, too! I knows rain signs.”
“Yep!” answered Homely staring at
the clock. “Them clouds, all day, sure
meant a heap. Five minutes! Ain’t
that what you make it? Five minutes
left?”

  “Five minutes,” the man back of the
bar repeated, as he looked at the time-
piece on the wall. “You got plenty of
time. Now get all set and on your
first sally pass up the street. And get
that wind hitting you slantwise. Don’t
look into it! That is, don’t look it
plumb in the face. The flying sand
might fill your eyes!”

  “I reckon I gotta take the first thing
Buck does to locate him,” replied
Homely. “I gotta let him crack down
first; then build up whatever is on my
mind after that.”

  There was an automatic phonograph
on the bar. One of the old cylinder
kind. “This new,” asked Homely, “this
talking machine? Seen one at Medicine
Bow last year.”
86

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

  “Yep! Operates with a coin in that
there slot. Wanna hear it?”

  Homely grinned. The man dropped
a nickel in the slot, and a loud rasping
issued from the machine—then the
strains of “Open Thy Lattice, Love!”
Homely grew pale and seemed to totter.

  “If I gets mine out there,” he said
weakly, “you look on this here do-ding-
ess, and when you find the name of this
song you write a note to Miss Molly
Mary Jeffries and tell her that you and
I was a-listening to the song just before

I stepped out that door. Tell her-”

  “Wanna write a note?”

  “Nope! Just tell her I was a-think-
ing of her while the music was playing
on. And you tell her, podner, that I
was sure a-hating what I got to do. Tell
her that! I reckon you knows I ain’t a-
shaking just because of what I thinks is
going to hit me, does you? You knows
I ain’t skeered of Buck, don’tcha?”
“Yep! I knows all that but I sure
wishes you’d kinda settle down and not
do so much thinking. It might slow up
your shooting some.”

  Homely straightened, stared at the
clock, and, to the utter amazement of
the saloon man, quieted to a calm which
was as vast a change as his trepidation
had been but a moment before.

  “Adios!” He smiled, hitching up his
belt. “She’s eight minutes, and I reckon
T better be on the move.”

  He pulled open the door and stepped
through it silently. Leisurely he
glanced about him. Not a human being
could he see, nothing but the dim shad-
owy images of building fronts through
the driving mists of the dust. Faintly,
a lighted window caught and held his
vision; then a curtain was pulled, and
the illumination of the window was
flecked away like magic.

  Up the street he walked, slowly, dog-
gedly, his hat brim flattened against the
crown by the savagery of the air; the
driving pellets of grit stinging his face
in smarting jets of pain. The quiet

which dwelt in the body of that howling
air had a loathsome quality about it.
It Was like an omen.

  Now he was in the middle of the
street.

  A beating, powerful gust of wind
hurled the sand into a cloud that rolled
down upon him like some grotesque
monster. Then, as he gained the oppo-
site walk and was heading along it the
dust lifted, was jerked aside as a stage
curtain is parted. Before a lighted
building, he saw Fancy Frank stand-
ing, watch in hand. His voice came.

  “Forty-five seconds!”

  Three menacing words—it was like
the knell of doom. The tones of the
voice held within themselves some note
or quality which Homely did not asso-
ciate with Frank. They seemed foreign
even to any human voice.

  Once more the wind shut out the
vision of Fancy.

  Then against the far swirl of sickish
light at the corner, a shape appeared,
a shambling, gray form like that of a
pictured ghost. It appeared: it van-
ished; it came on and on and on! It
grew at last into the slithering image of
Buck's form. Suddenly it was blotted
out.

  And when the air cleared and a wan.
but penetrative illumination spread
everywhere, from the upflung curtains
in a group of houses, Tedford was no-
where to be seen. Homely strolled on.
His senses were alive! They hurt with
their keenness; they dulled all functions
but the quality of sight and the gnaw
of strain. He became the heir of intui-
tion!

  “Now!” This time Homely recog-
nized Fancy’s voice.

  Something jerked at Homely’s hip
where his ornamental leather belt hung
about his waist. Then before his eyes
a long streak of light flashed out of the
smother of dust and those other lights
cast from the lamps of houses. A bite
of pain followed; it stabbed where the
HOMELY HUNTER OF GHOST RIVER

87

leather belt hung. Homely gritted his
teeth, and his right hand instinctively
jerked at his Colt.

  Even while his fingers pulled the
heavy weapon from its long sheath, a
thumb lifted its immense hammer; the
muzzle tilted and swung to the spot
where the flame had bit into the night.
The men in the shadows watched in a
charmed daze.

  Once more a whining noise went past
Homely’s head. Then his gun spoke,
and a long, wraithlike form leaped out
of the mist and into the shaft of a
struggling light. It was Buck Tedford !
He tottered, caught his legs, stiffened,
and once more fired. But the missile
went wild. Slowly he began to settle,
and even as he fell his gun barked.
Homely spun upon a heel and would
have fallen had not his agile left foot
shot back to an unconscious propping
position.

  But the movement awoke a deathly
agony in his waist; a sharp torture in
the region of his shoulder. Cautiously,
as he felt his faculties slipping from
him, as though each infinitesimal beat
of time were a treasure, he lifted his
gun and steadied it against his thigh.
From this angle, as he saw Buck’s leg
shift on the earth and caught the sheen
of a metal object coming from out the
mist, without obvious aim, he released
the hammer of his gun. He saw Buck’s
form slump as though a log had been
dropped on it, when he fired. Slowly
walking toward the man in the dirt
Homely saw Buck’s fingers twitching,
making ineffectual efforts to grasp the
.45 which lay just beyond their reach.
Then Buck’s shoulder wrenched; a
shiver ran throughout his frame, and
a boot fell flat upon another boot. A
hand was half hidden in a sleeve. For
an instant Hunter stared at the figure
below his eyes. Then he turned about
where he had last seen Fancy.

  “That’s all, I reckon,” he cried. “I
hit the poor devil both times. Now I

guess I’ll be moving up to the hotel.
You boys better get all the names of
any folks what seen this, hadn’t you?
I reckon I’ll have to talk to the law 1”
He was gone!

  Jim Kearney, Fancy Frank, Cincin-
nati, the deputy sheriff from Amarillo,
and a small clot of other men gathered
about Buck Tedford. One of the men
rolled him on his back and silently
pointed to the spots in his shirt which
were now changing from a garish color
to a dull and dirty smudge.

  Cincinnati muttered: “That kid!
Some of you boys out that a way go
and help him along. Look how he’s
dragging that leg!”

  Homely had reached the porch of the
hotel, by the aid of two men, when
Molly Mary flung wide the door and
ran toward him with outstretched arms.

 “My Homely!” she cried. “My
Homely!”

  “I come back like I said I would,
didn’t I, honey?” he gasped.

  Then he fell forward, Molly Mary’s
arms around him, two cowboys tenderly
catching him and breaking the fall. A
great booming rang in his ears, all
sight was blotted out. The last mem-
ory he had was of that creaking,
squawking talking machine grinding
out: “Open Thy Lattice, Love.”
When they carried him to a room a
smile had made a lovely shape out of
his malformed face.

CHAPTER XIX.
all’s well.

DOWN the street Cincinnati was
holding forth in loud harangue to
a mob of women and children, aided in
his narrative by the men who had wit-
nessed the shooting.

  “I reckon,” concluded the gambler,
turning to the sheriff’s man from
Texas, “that what you seen in this
street was pretty much what took place
back in your town when them fellows
88

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

tried to put the kid away. What you
going to try to do, now? Take him
back?”

  “Swell chance!” exclaimed the
deputy. “I seen what he done and I
wants to tell you people here that if it
hadn’t been for a big drop of rain,
Homely would be laying out there in
the dust right now.”

  “A drop of rain?” some one asked.

  “Yes! A big drop of rain. I was
standing in that doorway and not fifteen
feet from Buck when Fancy called
‘Now!’ And I seen Buck lift his gun
what was ready in his hand. Just then
a drop of rain smacked that hand right
where the thumb and forefinger makes
a valley. I seen it shimmer in a ray of
lamplight and I seen Buck wince as
though somebody had hit him from be-
hind. That was the shot that hit Home-
ly in the side. That drop of rain sure
did a big, big trick. And speaking of
rain, here she comes!’’’

  The rain fell in blankets; it filled the
air as the dust had filled the wind.
Then the storm died, and nothing
could be heard but-the pitiless fall of
the large drops hitting the earth like
blows. It dropped all night; it fell all
the early morning; it continued on into
middle afternoon.

  Then it stopped, and into town came
the sheriff and his posse, bringing in
Ike Witherspoon and Shorty as prison-
ers and Smoky Evans’ body. The peo-
ple were mad with joy. The town was
a seething spot of wild, hysterical gos-
sip, and the hotel in which lay Homely
Hunter a center of deepest anxiety.

  Throughout it all Homely Hunter
lay in bed weak from his wounds. And
by the bed sat Molly Mary, sat and
watched and prayed. No persuasion,
advice, or logic could close her eyes in
rest or make her give up that immobile
staring at the face that had now become
beautiful to her.

  Oregon Pete made the first “out-
sider” visit to Homely, and the old

horse trainer gabbled like a child.
Molly Mary had met him in the hall,
telling him that Homely could have a
caller or two, but that the doctor had
instructed her to prevent Hunter from
an excess of conversation. So Oregon
Pete talked in a veritable hysteria.

  “That mare,” he said just before he
left, “Homely, she ran that distance in
fourteen minutes and twelve seconds!
Five watches caught her exact. Now I
can lay down and die. I seen Norfolk,
a four year old, with a hundred pounds
up at Sacramento, California, Septem-
ber 23rd, 1865, do three miles in 5.27^2
and in 5.2934- And I seen Lady St.
Clair to a wagon, pace five miles at
Frisco December 11th, 1874, in 12.5424.
But I’m telling you that with you, at
your weight and that saddle and
blanket, and over this course in this
heat, Annabel Lee can beat any living
horse at that distance and in this alti-
tude and climate. Ain’t it a cryin’
shame ?”

  “Whatta you mean—a shame ?” asked
Homely.

  “That Jerry and Jeffries have buried
the hatchet. That’s the worst blow that
horse racing in the Southwest ever had.
It sure riles me to see them two hob-
nobbing around, makes me sick! Now
I gotta go back to Oregon and spend a
hundred days a year in the rain.”

  “Ah, Pete,” said Homely, smiling,
“that’s all right. It’s a dry spot of rain,
though, plumb full of climate and
health.”

  “Here comes some more. I better be
moving!” said Pete.

  The deputy from Amarillo, Big Bill
Walton, Fancy Frank, Jim Kearney,
and Cincinnati came into the room.
The look on their faces was a marvelous
thing. The solicitude and tenderness
with which they regarded Homely was
as expressive of love as that of any
woman could have been.

  "It might perk you up a bit, podner,”
said Jim, “to listen to what this loafing
HOMELY HUNTER Of GHOST RIVER

89

sheriff man from Texas laid over to tell
you.”

  “You bet I laid over.” The deputy
laughed. “Ike Witherspoon, Shorty
Fanton and Menifee have sure told me
a tale; and I’ve got it down in black and
white.

  “I’m taking Ike and Shorty back
to Amarillo, and on the strength of this
confession we’re all ready to indict
them for the killing of your dad. Ike
and Shorty did the shooting while Jake,
the marshal, lured your dad out on a
lonely road. Menifee tied up all the
missing links in that evidence which
exonerates you and makes Jim’s use of
the gun a righteous act. They’ve
quashed the indictment against you.”
“Flow come them fellers to talk that
a way?” asked Homely.

  “The night we got in with them,”
spoke Big Bill Walton, “a mob of the
boys helped us get that confession. It
was—tell us a story or be fed out to
that mob. I wish you could have seen
them yellow hounds. They couldn’t
spread their talk fast enough.”

  “Did you get Smoky Evans?”

  “Get him?” cried Big Bill. ‘Til say
we got him. One of my deputies
dropped him with a .45-90 when he
started to shoot at me when I walked
forward to put the bracelets on Ike and
Shorty. That saved, some place, a lot
of money.”

  “Sure looks like what that old friend
of mine told me was the plumb truth,”
remarked Homely reminiscently.

  “Braid your loop, cowboy!” Fancy
Frank smiled. “I’ll bite! What did the
old friend say?”

  “You gotta hit the bottom before
you starts to bounce!” replied Homely.

 Then Molly Mary came into the
room. “Boys!” she said kindly, “I
know you-all love Homely; but you
must go, now. tie’s had enough to
make him do a lot of thinking. To-
morrow you can stay a little longer.
In a week he’ll be sitting in a chair.”

  “You see how it is, fellows, don’t
you?” said Homely, smiling. “I gotta
boss now! And it won’t be long afore
I'll be branded and headed into a pew
pen where I’ll say: ‘I do!’ and T will!’
and a long-faced, black-coated trail boss
to heaven will pronounce the sentence
I better start obeying. Good-by and
good luck and for Pete’s sake come
back, all of you.”

  As the men filed from the room.
Homely called the deputy from Ama-
rillo to his bedside. “What will you fel-
lows do with Ike and Shorty?” he
asked.

  “If you wants to push it, we’ll hang
’em!”

  “I don’t want that,” said Homely
seeking Molly Mary’s eyes. “I don’t
want to think of them things when I’m
trying to make this little lady think
that I’m something sane, when I ain’t
nothing but a crazy sorta canary, gone
singing wild with love. Let ’em plead
guilty and take a sentence in the pen.
I won’t be back to your town, man, and
I don’t want no hanging. I wanna for-
get.”

  “If they pleads,” announced the
deputy, “the judge will give them
enough to last this life and lap over a
little on the next.

  Molly Mary’s face beamed. “It’s
because of that quality in Homely that
I love him so,” she said. “Just that
surprising sort of thing.”

  The deputy couldn’t speak.

  When the door was closed, and they
were alone, Molly Mary laid her face
beside Homely’s cheek.

  “Two weeks from to-day and we’ll
show you a sight,” she said.

  “What kinda sight?”

  “Never mind! That’s for you to find
out and think about.”

  “If I could just have you over
yonder, where I could feast my eyes on
you and pinch myself at the same time,
that’s about all the sight I’ll be crav-
ing.”
90

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

  Molly Mary, in mock petulance, arose
from his side and pulled a rocking-chair
before him.

  Softly, quietly, in a bird-twittering
voice she crooned: “Open Thy Lattice,
Love!” Homely closed his eyes. But
at the completion of the ballad, he
opened them and said: “Just afore I

walked out of the Magpie-”

  “Ssssh,” whispered Molly Mary, “go
to sleep! I know all about that. ‘Lanky
Hank.’ the keeper of the Magpie, told
me what you said to him as his old talk-
ing machine was grinding out that tune.
I’ve got the cylinder wrapped up in tis-
sue now. On our wedding day Lanky
is going to present me with the con-
trivance to make the music.”

  “When is this said nuptials?" asked
Homely, laughing.

  “When a certain cowboy can fork his
horse and do a ten-mile ride with me.”
“Oh. oh. honey.” said Homely, “now
watch me get well!”

  The wedding took place on horseback
on the very edge of the precipice which
overlooked the bow in the Letter S
bend of Ghost River. The preacher
was Jimmy Engles, the cowboy minister
from Socorro, who made the trip to the
Lazy Shield Bar in the saddle and was
given a fee which would enable him to
build a church among a tribe of In-
dians where he had long wanted to
settle.

  When the last of the words were
spoken, and the congratulations of the
crowd bad been wildly given, Jeffries
and Jerry moved their ponies to Home-
ly’s side. Jerry said: “Come on, I
wanna show you something.”

  Through the trees went the crowd,
following the bridegroom and the two
old men. Molly Mary and the preacher

riding back of these. When the oppo
site side of the hill was reached Homely
stopped his horse in complete consterna-
tion. There, below him, a wide and
long and shimmering stretch of water
met his gaze.

  “Huh!” he cried. “Who did this?'

  “Old Ghost River must of busted
through this hill that night you wa>
battling against Buck’s .45 bullets." an-
nounced Jerry. “Jim Kearney and
Fancy Frank, riding this way, had to
make a detour of ten miles to get by the
overflow. When the flood passed I and
Jeff, we put a gang of men to work and
dammed up the thing. Inside o: two
months and we’ll have a first-class stor-
age lake and a real cement spillway
Then we’ll let the water out as you
wants it!"

  “As I wants?” queried Homely.
“What’s eating you, Jerry?”

  “Yes, you!” cried Jeffries. “Jerry
and I have thrown our two ranches into
one, and you’re boss from this time on.
You can grow anything on that bottom
now. Even little Homelys!’’

  Homely couldn’t speak. Tear< welled
into his eyes, and turning his horse
about, he motioned Molly Mary to fol-
low him. Behind a clump of juniper
the girl patted his shoulder and restored
his poise.

  A Mexican orchestra burst into
music. There came a rattle of pistol
shots, and then Oregon Pete. Cincin-
nati, Fancy, and Jim Kearney rode up
and escorted Molly Mary and Homely
through the trees to a spot where a
great barbecue was under way.

  “Dog-gone, honey!” cried Homely,
racing away with Molly Mary. ‘‘‘Come
on! Let’s show this crowd! Ir’s just
you and me from this time on! Just
you and me—two against the world!”

THE END.
Greener than Spruce

^Herbert Farris

Author of “Plenty Grub an’ Plenty Goldetc.

AY BE greener men have
hit Alasky—but I doubt
it!”

  The speaker, a rheumy-
eyed, old veteran of the
trails, spoke thus dispar-
agingly of young Harris Benton. The
old-timer’s perpetual “sun-grin” ex-
panded visibly as he watched Benton’s
parka-clad figure disappear around a
bend in the river trail.

  “Wonder how long he’ll last,” the
old fellow speculated, turning to the
group on the river bank. “I’ll bet I’ve
showed him a dozen times how to tie
his snowshoes to his feet, an’ I’ve told
him little things about pitchin’ his tent
and makin’ camp, till I’m black in the
face. It’ll be three-four weeks yet be-
fore mushin’ll be any good, but I’ve
got a right good notion to load up the
old Yukon sled an’ take out after that
young chechahco.”

  “An’ why?”

  The old-timer had paused for that
query. The question certainly gave pith
and point to the clever thing on the

tip of his tongue. The remark would
have lost its savor in the telling; the
retort, however, was pungent.

  “An’ why?” he repeated. “I’ll tell
you for why. I’ve been snow-blind
twice, so my eyes ain’t what they used
to be. Nowadays, when I ain’t wear in’
snow glasses—an’ blast the dang things,
I hate ’em!—I’ve got to keep my eyes
clamped on the spruce.

  “Spruce is dang restful to the eyes.
It’s restful because it’s green, but to
keep on lookin’ at it, a man’s got to
twist his head from one side the river
to the other, an’ there’s times when
I think I’m li’ble to twist my head
plum off—like a screech owl. Now,
instead of takin’ all that trouble, I could
start out an’ foller after this young
Benton. Instead of lookin’ at the
spruce then, I could keep my eyes fas-
tened straight ahead on him. He’s
greener than any spruce that ever
growed.”

  If young Harris Benton could have
heard this sarcastic speech, he would
have been rudely made aware of the
92

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

withering contempt in which he was
held by the general run of Alaskans
with whom he had come in contact.
Had he been aware of the feeling which
existed, he would not have been
offended in the least; he would have
been amused. He was green but, un-
like many greenhorns, he realized the
fact and was anxious to learn. More-
over, he was willing to accept the hard
knocks—a part of the curriculum of
Alaska’s trail school—and come up
smiling. For Harris Benton, although
he was probably the greenest chechahco
in the North, had not been raised a pet.

  At noon, young Benton hauled his
sled to the river bank and, with con-
siderable difficulty, dropped a dead
spruce tree and built a small tea fire.
After his noon meal he unloaded his
Yukon sled, inverted it so that the steel-
shod runners shone like twin mirrors
in the rays of the sun; then—and this
is almost past believing—he proceeded
to smear the steel shoes of the sled run-
ners with lubricating oil.

  The dealer who had sold him the
oil—either unscrupulous or a practical
joker—had seriously informed him that
“greased sled runners makes mighty-
easy slippin’ on the trail.” Harris Ben-
ton had innocently bought five gallons
of the lubricant.

  Where a musher pulls without dogs,
as young Benton was doing, every
pound of excess weight is an additional
check to his progress. And besides the
five gallons of lubricating oil, Harris
Benton was hauling other nonesscntials.
He had more clothing than he really
needed; about twenty pounds of books
and old magazines, and the merchant
from whom he had bought his outfit
had sold him far too many cooking
utensils. Benton’s entire outfit weighed
almost twelve hundred pounds, and,
since at best he could haul but four
hundred pounds on his Yukon sled, he
was relaying. He would haul from
three to four hundred pounds as far

up the river trail as he could possibly
travel in a day, cache his load, and re-
turn to his camp with his empty sled.

 Early in the month of May he
reached the Kentna country. He had
been on the trail four months, and he
had arrived with pick, pan, and shovel,
together with ample food to last him
through the mining season. Also—as
every old-timer in the Kentna country
will testify—he had arrived with the
ambition and energy of a half dozen
men in spite of the grueling work on
the trail.

  Young Benton spent his first week
after arriving at “the cricks,” in build-
ing a cache for his supplies. It was a
simple box affair, built of logs, sup-
ported high in air by four posts. He
was busily stowing his food and other
supplies in the cache, when a voice at
his elbow brought him about with a
start. Looking up from his work, he
saw the old-timer who had offered him
many helpful suggestions back at the
trading post. The old man was survey-
ing him, his small stock of provisions,
and his crude cache, with frank curios-
ity.

  “Well, I see you landed here all
right,” he remarked by way of greet-
ing. “I’m camped just above here on
Penny Ante Crick, an’ I ain't got a
thing to do till the snow goes off, so
I thought I’d mush over an’ see how
you’re gettin’ along. Staked yourself
a claim yet?”

  Benton admitted that he had not. “I
didn’t know it was lawful to stake a
claim unless you discover gold,” he
added.

  “Plenty of ’em stakes first an’ find
the gold afterward—if there's any to
be found.” The old man’s rheumy eyes
were mildly disapproving. “I wouldn’t
worry too much about makin’ my dis-
covery, if I was you. Most any gravel
you find around here carries some gold.
Trouble is to find it in payin’ quanti-
ties. So hurry up an stake yourself
GREENER THAN SPRUCE

93

a claim or two, before some of these
ground hogs comes in on the first boat
this summer an’ grabs it all. Us old-
timers takes just what we can work
to good advantage, but most green-
horns’ll wear out a pair of hobnail
shoes just a-racin’ over the country
stakin’. You’re lucky to be here among
the first, so hurry up an’ get busy.”

  “Thanks for the tip. I’ll-”

  “It’s none of my business,” the old-
timer suddenly interrupted, “but what
in thunder have you brought into the
country in that?”

  Benton had placed his five-gallon can
of lubricating oil near the cache, and
it was that which had elicited the ques-
tion. He was somewhat puzzled.

  “Why, that’s my oil,” he said. “How
do you carry yours?”

  The ancient sour dough had all he
could do to keep a straight face. This
green chechahco had actually brought
kerosene into this wilderness!

  “You won’t have no use for a lamp,”
he said gently. “All summer you can
read fine print right in your tent—any
hour of the night, too. I thought ev’ry-

body knowed-”

  “I have no lamp,” young Benton in-
terrupted impatiently. “I’m green but
I’m not quite a fool—I hope. That
isn’t oil for a lamp; it’s about four gal-
lons of lubricating oil that I had left
over from my winter’s sledding.”

  “I see.” The old man shifted his
weight from one moccasined foot to the
other, swallowing his Adam’s apple
twice before he once more found his
voice. “I understand you but I don’t
know what you mean,” he said. “How
much of this oil did you use an’ how
did you use it?”

  “Well, I used about a gallon.” Young
Benton was looking doubtfully at the
old man. “I think I see what you’re
driving at now. I allowed that store-
keeper to sell me five gallons when one
was all that I needed.”

  The old-timer lifted his tufted eye-

brows. “An’ you got through the win-
ter with one gallon,” he said softly,
wonderingly.

  “’Why, I only used it in the morning
and again at noon. Just when I—but
maybe I didn’t use it often enough.
Still, the sled came along pretty well.”

  The old-timer barked apologetically
in his mittened hand. At last he un-
derstood. It had been so many years
since he had heard of the old joke of
greasing sled runners that he had for-
gotten. But this boy was so very much
in earnest, it wouldn’t do to hurt his
feelings. And besides, it might lead to
serious trouble. This innocent youth
had dragged this worthless stuff over
the trail—pounds and pounds of it.
Murder had been committed for less
than a joke like that!

  “The skinflint sold you too much, all
right,” he said, as he reached down and
thoughtfully “hefted” the can. “But
you’ve got it here—I reckon you might
as well forget it. Anyhow, you won’t
have any more use for it. You’re all
through sleddin’. x\n’ now I’d better
be gettin’ along, if you want anything
this summer, you’ll find me over on
Penny Ante Crick. Number Five Above
Discovery’s the name of my claim.”

  Harris Benton was highly elated
when he next saw the old-timer. Not
only had he staked a claim on what he
called Benton Gulch but he had actu-
ally discovered gold and he had found
it in paying quantities. For a week he
had panned the gravel on Benton Gulch,
and he was now displaying his sample
to the old-timer. The old man listened
attentively to the boy’s story, but did
not enthuse over the sample.

  “You’ve come clean over here to
Penny Ante Crick to show me this, an’
I’m right sorry to have to disappoint
you.” In spite of the old man’s words,
young Benton was grinning cheer fully.
“It takes a whole lot to discourage a
young rooster like you,” he resumed,
“but I’ll soon show you why you’ve
94

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

got to leave that gulch alone. I don’t
doubt what you say. You got the gold
here to prove it. But how’re you goin’
to work the ground? Answer me that.”
Harris Benton still grinned. “I know
why you think I can’t work that
ground,” he said. “It’s what you old-
timers call a dry gulch. I know there
won’t be drinking water there this sum-
mer. What you overlooked is this. By
digging a ditch less than a quarter mile
in length I can get one of the best
sluice heads in this country. Right
over that shoulder at .the head of my

gulch is where I-”

  “T know where you mean, all right,”
interrupted the old-timer. “But have
you talked with Joe Mur try yet?”
“Haven’t even seen him. But why
should I talk to him? What has he
to do with it?”

  “Ev’rything. Joe Murtry owns ev’ry
drop of water in Caribou Crick. He
recorded it last spring a year ago.”
Young Benton was on the point of
interrupting, but the old-timer silenced
him. “Now don’t start to tell me that
ail you’ve got to do is to go over to
Caribou Crick, an’ get Joe Murtry to
.give you the right to take what water
you want, for Joe ain’t that kind. He
ain’t only the luckiest man in Alasky—
he’s the meanest. If he’s worth a dime,
he’s worth a half million right now, but
even so, he wouldn’t give a man day-
light in a dark cellar. You just forget
you ever staked a claim on that little
gulch an’ start out prospectin’ for some-
thing that’ll do you some good.”

  Young Benton thanked the old man
for his advice. “But,” he added, “I’m
not going to start out prospectin’, when
I’ve already discovered gold—unless
I’m forced to do so. I’m going over
to see Murtry at once.”

  “All right; but be ready to run if
he comes at you. He’s the meanest
man in Alasky, bar none. Joe Murtry
never done no man a favor, an’ he never
will. Mark what 1 tell you. son. He’ll

chase you off his ground just as soon
as you show up an’ tell him what you
want. You’re just wastin’ your time.
But, then, that’s the trouble with all
chechahcos; they won’t listen to an old-
timer’s advice.”

  Young Benton went at once to Car-
ibou Creek. In spite of what he
had heard of Joe Murtry, he was
not convinced. There was an abun-
dance of water in Caribou Creek,
and surely 110 man would be
mean enough to refuse to allow the
use of the surplus. This line of rea-
soning gave him great confidence, but
his first glimpse of Murtry caused his
heart to sink.

  Murtry was not tall, but he was as
broad as two average-sized men. Yet
he was not fat. His arms were unusu-
ally long, and, due to a slight stoop to
his powerful shoulders, his huge hands
hung slightly ahead of his knees.
Young Benton looked at him and in-
stantly thought of a gorilla. With two
others, Murtry was setting up a string
of sluice boxes.

  Benton watched them for a time;
twice, without waiting to be asked, he
gave them a hand. Murtry, who had
barely spoken, paused at last and sized
up his caller. What he saw evidently
satisfied him.

  “Want a job?” he asked gruffly. “Pm
taking one of these men upriver to-
morrow, air if you’re lookin’ for work,
you can stay here an’ help Sam. Do
whatever he tells you.”

  Here was a golden opportunity.
Surely if he favored Murtry, he might
expect the big fellow to reciprocate.
“I’m not looking for work for the sea-
son,” he said, “but I’ll be glad to help
out for a few days—if that will do you
any good.”

  Murtry grunted. “All I need,” he
said. “I’ve got a foreman an’ fifteen
men waitin’ for me upriver. They
mush in from the coast—their time
starts the first of June whether they’re
GREENER THAN SPRUCE

95

here or not. Hunderd an' fifty miles
from here. I’m goin’ up in my boat
an’ bring ’em down. You stay an’ help
Sam out till I come back with my men,
an’ I’ll pay you the goin’ wages—ten
bucks an’ grub.”

  Sam soon shuffled off to cook the eve-
ning meal, and Benton decided to say
nothing about his sluice head of water
until after they had eaten. Their pipes
going, he thought it time to broach the
subject.

  “I didn't tell you that I was a neigh-
bor of yours,” he said by way of open-
ing the conversation. “I spent the win-
ter sledding in my outfit.”

  ‘‘That so?” Murtry said with a mild
simulation- of interest. “Where you
camped ?”

  Benton indicated the direction.
“Right over there,” he said, “I’ve named
it Benton Gulch.”

  “You ain't staked that little dry
gulch?”

  "Why, yes. You see, I believe there’s
a little gold there—I don’t know how
much—I’ve already done quite a bit of

panning and I hope to-”

  “You’re a fool!” Murtry interrupted
in a rage. “If you don’t know that I
own ev’ry drop of water in Caribou
Crick, it’s time you was learnin’. How
do you aim to work that gulch without
water ?”

  “That’s what I came over to see you
about,” said Benton. “I heard that it
was your water and I thought that you
would be glad to spare me a sluice
head.” Benton was speaking calmly, in
spite of the other’s belligerent attitude.
“Of course,” he went on, “if the water
in Caribou Crick should run low this
summer or fall, I'd quit taking it out,
but-”

  “You’d quit takin’ it out!” Murtry
cried. “You’re never goin’ to begin
takin’ it out! If yon ever start mon-
keyin’ with Caribou Crick, I’ll drill

you so full of holes you'll look like-”

Murtry’s anger was intensified by his

failure to find the word he was seek-
ing. “Say,” he cried, “you get clean
off this claim! Beat it quick, while
you’re all together!”

  Benton was sitting at the rough table;
he rose slowly. “Why certainly—if it’s
your claim—I’ll leave.” He was speak-
ing hesitantly but he was not afraid of
the glowering bully who had com-
manded him to leave. He was simply
surprised at the man’s unreasonable
anger. “But even if I have no water,
that gulch belongs to me, and I mean
to hold it.”

  “Hold it as long as you want to!”
Murtry was shouting after him. “Hold
it till you get good an’ tired of doing
assessment work on it! Wait a min-
ute till I tell you something you’d just
as well know now as later!” Benton
paused and Murtry continued. “There
ain’t any gold in that gulch, but even if
there was, you’d never get to work it.
I’ve got the water an’ I aim to keep it!”
The old-timer was right. He was
right about everything! He had said
that Joe Murtry was the meanest man
in Alaska: he had said that no matter
how much gold the tiny gulch might
carry, Murtry would never allow it to
be worked. Benton considered the
various things that the old-timer had
told him until he reached his camp in
Benton Gulch. Well, he decided, he
would follow the old man’s advice and
quit the gulch on the following day.

  Benton had been prospecting the
gulch every day for more than a week.
Through force of habit he took his
pick, shovel and gold pan, and went to
work in the narrow cut which he had
been running into a shoulder of the hill
near his tent. He was far from an ex-
pert with the gold pan, but he enjoyed
the beginner’s thrill, which always came
when he “tailed off” the residue in the
pan, and saw the streak of yellow
trickling behind the black sand.

  Young Benton extended his cut three
feet into the hill. He was following
96

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

along the disintegrated slate bed rock;
although he did not realize it, the bed-
rock was totally different. Before it
had been “slick,” now it was rough and
“rotten.”

  He filled his pan with gravel and
carried it to a hole which he had dug
in the gulch’s channel. Now the hole
was filled with water from the melting
snows; in a week, perhaps, it would be
dry. At least the old-timer had said
that it would, and Benton was now a
firm believer in the wisdom of the old
man.

  It is a maxim with old-timers that
“many things are mistaken for gold, but
gold is never mistaken for anything
else.” A greenhorn is often fooled, for
example, by iron pyrites and “cube”
iron, but when he discovers gold, the
real thing, he knows. So it was with
Benton. For a week he had been pan-
ning “pinhead stuff” that would “rat-
tle in the pan.” Now, as he “tailed
off” the pan he had taken from the dis-
integrated bed rock, he saw that a half-
dozen dull-yellow pieces of gold were
in the bottom of the pan. Benton’s old-
timer would have pronounced them
slugs.

  Benton was excited. He held the
slugs in the palm of his hand, while he
attempted to estimate their value. The
smallest of them, he decided, was fully
twice as large as a five-dollar gold piece;
the largest was surely worth more than
twenty dollars. The six slugs would
total almost a hundred dollars. Che-
chahco that he was, Benton still knew
that he had uncovered bonanza dirt.

  Young Benton went again to his cut.
This time he worked feverishly for two
hours. His pay streak was rich, ex-
tremely so, but there was a heavy over-
burden to handle. In other words,
above the pay he had discovered on bed
rock, lay ten, twenty, possibly as much
as fifty feet of muck and gravel. Un-
doubtedly the ground was rich enough
that he could take out hundreds of dol-

lars that summer without water, but if
he could only manage to get that sluice-
head from Caribou Creek, he could
with a pressure hose, run that over-
burden off like so much soup. He must
have that water J But how ?

  At five o’clock next morning young
Benton was seated on the stump of a
spruce where the clear waters of Car-
ibou Creek gushed into the brown
foam-flecked river. He looked at Mur-
try’s river boat which was beached near
by. It rested on two fresh-peeled logs,
and Benton saw that all preparations
had been recently made to launch the
vessel. At six o’clock, Murtry and one
of his men put in an appearance. Ben-
ton had no time to lose; he spoke to
Murtry at once.

  “Murtry,” he said, without rising
from his stump, “I’ve been thinking
the matter over and I wonder if you
would consider selling me a sluice head
of water from Caribou Crick. I’ll pay
you what it is worth.”

  Murtry paid him no attention. He
and his man put their shoulders at the
stern of the boat and skidded the vessel
into the river. Murtry made a line fast
to a convenient “dead man,” while his
man leaped into the stern of the boat
and started the engine. No sooner did
he have the engine purring rhythmically,
than he shut it off.

  “What’s the matter?” Murtry, who
was about to cast off and leap aboard,
made the line fast again. “Anything
wrong with that engine?”

 “No, but-” The man was look-
ing at Murtry in wide-eyed alarm. He
was afraid to tell what was wrong, and
yet he dared not remain silent. “Mr.
Murtry,” he said, speaking swiftly, as
if anxious to break the news as quickly
as possible, “there ain’t a single drop
of engine oil. I spoke to Sam about
it last night after we’d loaded the other
stuff aboard, an’ he said there was plen-
ty of oil here. But I just looked an’
there’s nothin’ but gasoline. There’s
GREENER THAN SPRUCE

97

more gasoline than we need, .but there
ain’t a drop of-”

  “You idiot!” Murtry exclaimed.
‘‘Chase right up to camp an’ get some
out of the cache an’ hurry!”

  Mur try’s man leaped ashore, but
stood hesitantly, shifting his feet as if
in a quandary.

  "Hurry! I don’t want to wait here
all day!”

  “I’ll go look again, but I looked last
evenin’ an’ there wasn't any there. At
least I didn’t see it. That’s why Sam
was so sure there was plenty on the

boat.”

  "Of course it’s there. If you don’t
find it in the cache, look in the tool
shed.”

  At this the man shuffled off. Young
Benton was much pleased at Murtry’s
unexpected delay, but he was some-
what nettled at the manner in which he
had been ignored. He decided to try
again, and this time he would do his
utmost to make Murtry answer him.

  “I suppose you didn’t hear me a bit
ago,” he began, “but-”

  “I heard you the first time,'” Murtry
interrupted with an oath. “Now shut
your yap an’ get out!”

  Benton did not move. Seeing this,
Murtry’s great hamlike hands twisted
about convulsively; his lips drew back
against his uneven teeth, and with an
enraged snarl he quickly rushed at the
5louth.

  “I’ll show you if you move or not!”
he shouted. “Once I get a hold of you,
I’ll-”

  Murtry suddenly brought up with a
sharp exclamation. Ten feet from Ben-
ton, he had stopped with an expresc'on
of bewilderment on his broad face. He
was gazing like a man fascinated into
the barrel of an automatic.

  “I came ready for you,” said young
Benton coolly. “I’m not on your claim
and I don’t see you or anybody else
throwing me off of government land.
And now, you can at least listen to

  what I have to say, even if you don’t
care to-”

  “I’ll listen, you young pup,” Murtry
said, “but there’s a day cornin’. You’ll
wake up some day an’ learn that what
I say goes in this neck of the woods.”

  Murtry advanced a step as he said
this. “And you,” said Benton as he
menaced Murtry with his weapon, “may
never wake up, if you come another
step in this direction. There, that’s bet-
ter,” he went on as Murtry retreated
a step. “From what I’ve been told,
Murtry, you’re a mighty rich man. It
won’t bother you in the least to sell—«
or give me, for that matter—some of
your water. You’ve got your pile made.
Now be decent and give me a chance
to get out of this country with a little
money for all the hardship I’ve gone
through. Will you listen to a sensible
proposition ?”

  “Rave on,” said Murtry sullenly.
“You’ve got me dead to rights. Talk
away if it does you any good, but you’ll
get nothin’ out of me.”

  “I’ll give you a third of all the money
I take out,” said Benton, speaking
slowly and distinctly. “If you’ll give
me the water to work the ground. Is
it a go?”

  Murtry opened his lips as if he in-
tended to reply; then closed them
tightly. A minute passed and he seemed
to reconsider. “You might as well trot
along,” he said contemptuously. “Use
your brains. Why ivould I take a third ?
If there’s any money there, I can have
it all after you starve out; an’ if there
ain’t anything there, what’s the idee of
my takin’ a third!”

  Benton said nothing more. Argu-
ment seemed such a futile thing, so far
as Murtry was concerned. Five min-
utes passed and Murtry’s man appeared
empty handed. His manner was apol-
ogetic.

  “It ain’t there,” he said, whining.
“An’ there ain’t any on the boat. Sam
or some of the other boys must’ve used
98

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

  t all up last fall before the boat was
laid up. I don't know what to do un-
less I mush up there an’ have the boys
come down in a boat or on a raft.”

  For almost a minute, Murtry raved
like a maniac. “An’ ev'ry day that my
men stay up there, it’s costin’ me a
hunderd an’ sixty-five dollars.” Fie
groaned. “Fifteen men at ten a day an’
my foreman at fifteen a day. That’s
what comes of puttin’ a man like you
in charge of my boat. Say, how long
do you think it’d take you to mush up
there ?”

  “A hunderd an’ fifty miles is a good
ways—goin’ through the brush like I’ll
have to do,” the man said. “I’ll do my
best though to make it in ten days.”

  “Sixteen hunderd an’ sixty-five dol-
lars !’* Again Murtry groaned. “An’
maybe a whole lot more—if you don’t
make it in ten days. Well, what are
you standin’ there for? Get a move
on!”

  “Wait just a minute, Mr. Murtry.
I’ve just thought about somethin’ that
may save you a whole lot of money,
an* save me that long trip upriver on
foot. An old-timer over on Penny Ante
Crick has been tellin’ all around that this
young Benton sledded in nearly five
gallons of oil last winter. He was
laughin’ about him usin’ it to grease his
sled runners, an’ he’s got upward of
four gallons of it left. Now, if you
could buy it off him-”

  “Why, of course,” Murtry inter-
rupted briskly. “I heard about it a
month ago. just forgot it.” He turned
to Benton. “How much do you want
for that oil?” he asked in a pleasant
voice.

  Young Benton was thinking fast.
He, too, had forgotten all about the oil
that he had bought to make slippin’
easy. He had considered the stuff
worthless, but now-

  “I’ll tell you, Mr. Murtry,” he said
thoughtfully', “I had a lot of work
sledding that oil in here last winter.

I really hadn't thought about selling it,
but since you need it. and I don’t, I’ll
let you have it.”

  “You mean for nothin’?” Murtry
asked incredulously.

  “Of course not. I mean for a fair
price.”

  Murtry became suspicious. “What
do you call a fair price?” he countered.
“It’s worth nothin’ whatever to you, an’
I'll give you—let’s see, I’ll give you
two dollars a gallon for it. an’ allow
you a dollar a pound for freightin’ it
into the country. Fair enough, ain’t
it?”

  Benton grinned. “That’s one wav of
looking at it,” he said amiably, “but I
really can’t think of letting it go for
what you offer. Two dollars a gallon
is more than the oil is worth, but—
the freighting the stuff into this coun-
try. Man, that was the hardest work
I ever did in my life!”

  “I get you.” Murtry spoke thickly.
“You’ve got me where the wool’s short
an’ you aim to gouge me. All right—
tell you what I’ll do—I’ll give you a
hundred dollars cash on the nail. How
’bout it?”

  “That would be gouging, as you call
it.” Benton seemed to be considering
the matter. “No,” he said at last, “I
can’t take that much money. Four gal-
lons of oil isn’t worth a hundred dol-
lars.”

  “Say, what in thunder are you driv-
in’ at?” Murtry cried angrily. “Are
you tryin’ to kid somebody?”

  “Not at all. You’ve made your offer,
and now I’ll make mine.” Benton spoke
slowly and distinctly. “As you said a
moment ago, that oil is really worth
nothing at all to me, so I'll tell you what
I’ll do. I’ll just give you the oil, pro-
vided that you’ll give me something
that’s worth nothing whatever to you.
In case you don’t know, I mean a sluice
head of water from Caribou Creek.
Are you on?”

  Murtry was thinking hard. There was
GREENER THAN SPRUCE

99

not one chance in a thousand of this
confident youngster finding gold on that
little dry gulch. There was water to
spare, lots of it going to waste, but oil
—there was only four gallons of lubri-
cating oil in the country! With a scowl,
Murtry nodded his head in the affir-
mative.

  It was a month later before the old-
timer visited young Benton on his dry
gulch. Fully a half dozen men were
bustling about on the claim. Benton
himself was closely watching two men
who were holding the nozzle of a pres-
sure hose trained against a bank of
gravel. The old-timer stood aghast un-
til Benton came over to greet him.

  “Well, how in the name of Sam Hill,”
said the old man, “did you ever make a
deal with Joe Murtry to get this wa-
ter!”

  For reply Benton fished a bit of paper

from his pocket, and passed it over.
“Read it,” he said with a grin.

  The old-timer slowly spelled out the
brief document.

  In consideration of four gallons of engine
oil, I hereby agree to sell, assign, and trans-
fer to Harris Benton, a full sluice head of
water to be taken from the waters of Cari-
bou Creek, and I agree to allow hirn or his
agents to go on my claim or claims to dig
the necessary ditch to carry said water.

Joe Murtry.

  “You’re the first man that ever got
the best of Joe Murtry,” gasped the old-
timer. “How in thunder did you do
it?”

  Benton explained.

  “And now,” he went on, “I’ve got
some good miners working for me, but
—you’re an old-timer—do they seem to
be working the ground all right?”

  “Listen, son,” said the old-timer sol-
emnly. “You don’t need the advice of
an old-timer,”

           NOTED INDIAN SCOUT PASSES ON
'T'HERE recently died in Prescott, Arizona, the famous scout, sea captain,
cattleman, Indian fighter, and pioneer, W. H. Wolfe, aged eighty-eight. At
one time in his adventurous career, Wolfe was captain of a large sailing vessel.
Later, he served as Indian scout under General Nelson A. Miles and General
Crook. He was also one of the foremost cattlemen in the early days of Arizona.

    One of his most notable exploits was the saving of the life of Buffalo Bill,
when a desperado tried to shoot the latter in the back with a rifle. Wolfe
kicked the rifle out of the would-be assassin’s hands and floored him with a blow
of his fist.

    Wolfe was born in Detroit in 1838, and left home at the age of fourteen to
be a sailor on the Great Lakes. From there, he went to San Francisco and spent
eight years sailing the Pacific. Abandoning the sea, Wolfe next went to Arizona
to take part in the government’s war against the wily old Indian chieftain,
Geronimo. He acted as a scout in these campaigns. He is said to have built
the first cabin erected on the present site of Fort Apache, in partnership with
another pioneer named Coole. From there, he went, in 1880, to Fort Grant,
where he established the Fashion G cattle ranch, forty miles north of Willcox*.
in Graham County. The drought of 1891 caused him to lose several thousand
head of his cattle, and shortly after this setback, the family moved to Prescott.
Author of “ The Field Spaniel,” etc.

             THE WELSH SPRINGER

length, they should have good bone
and a moderate amount of feather.

  Body—Strong, fairly deep, not long,
and having well-sprung ribs. Length of
body should be in good proportion to
that of leg.

  Loin—Muscular and strong, slightly
arched, well coupled up and knit to-
gether.

  Hind Quarters and Legs—Strong.
The stifles should be moderately bent
but not twisted in or out; hocks well
let down; hind legs should not be
feathered below the hocks.

  Feet—Round, with thick pads.

  Stern—Feathered and set low. It
should be carried with a lively motion
but never above the level of the back.

  Coat—Straight or flat, and thick.

  Color—Red and white, or orange and
white; red and white preferred.

 General Appearance—That of a
strong, merry, active dog, symmetrical
and compact; not stilty but built for
activity and endurance.

  Weight—Between thirty and forty-
two pounds.

  Probably all of you have seen and
many of you have owned dogs of the
breed famous for its tenacity. A forth-
coming issue of Western Story
Magazine will tell you more about
the bulldog.

spaniel is very popu-
in the British Isles, but
ilmost unknown here,
old breed, originating
Wales, the Welsh
nger has demonstrated
its fitness as a bird dog abroad and
probably will be seen at American bench
shows within a few years. It is intelli-
gent, active and thoroughly capable.

  In England the Welsh springer is
judged by the following standard:

  Skull—Moderately long and broad,
slightly rounded, and having a clearly
indicated stop. A short, chubby head
is objectionable.

  Jaws—Straight, square, of medium
length; narrow when looked at from
above. The nostrils should be well de-
veloped, and flesh-colored or dark.

 Eyes—Hazel or dark brown, of
medium size, and intelligent in expres-
sion. They should be neither prominent
nor sunken and they should not show
the haw.

  Ears—Comparatively small, set mod-
erately low, hanging close to the cheeks,
and covered with feather not longer
than the ear.

  Neck—Strong, muscular, with no
throatiness.

  Shoulders—Long and sloping.

 Forelegs—Straight, of medium
^Austin Hall

Author of “A Bear's Catch,” etc.

HEY called him “Johnnie
Crosscut” for short—no
doubt because his real
name was John Crossut.
It may have been because
he was a shake maker
and a past master with a saw. At any
rate, he had an occupation and a temper
that suited the name. Crosscut was a
man who insisted on having his own
way. He didn’t give a whoop for his
old partner or anybody else. For days
the two old partners had lived apart,
except when there was a tree to fall.
Just now old Crosscut was standing
near the edge of a cliff, looking up at
the top of a huge redwood. The tree
was a giant of its kind, fully a thou-
sand years old, standing not more than
twenty feet from the brink of a preci-
pice. That did not matter to old John-
nie Crosscut. “Splitstuff Bill,” his
partner, was standing by his side.
Splitstuff had just taken his second con-
secutive bite of tobacco, and when old
Splitstuff did that the wind was headed
toward an argument.

  “Of all the dang nonsense!” he was
saying. “They ain’t a bit o’ sense in it.
Only because you’re so ornery and stub-
born. That ’ere redwood, Crosscut, is
one of the best shake trees on the claim.
But if we falls her into the canon, they
ain’t no earthly way you kin work her
up, unlessen you get a balloon.”

  Old Johnnie Crosscut was sighting
toward the other side of the canon. A
gray squirrel had run out on the tree
above them and was announcing his de-
fiance. As far as they could see, there
was nothing but the everlasting green
of the redwood forest.

  “Yeah?” he answered. “Mebbe so.
But if you had brains like I got, Split-
stuff, and some of my vision, you’d
know what it was for.”

  It was not the first argument between
the two old men; they had been going
at it for years, until they had reached
the point where neither would tell the
other what he had in mind, and where
each regarded the other as just a little
bit too old to have full possession of
his faculties. They had been partners
102

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

so long that the name of Splitstuff &
Crosscut had become a trade-mark.
They made shakes, and inasmuch as
they always picked the best trees, the
stencil S & C had now become a stand-
ard.

  At first they had had the freedom of
the whole redwoods, but lately there
had come rumors of sawmills; so the
two old men had retired to Long
Canon. There they had purchased two
hundred acres of a Spanish grant, the
said two hundred acres being the finest
stretch of redwoods in the whole belt—
all level and abutting straight out to
the precipitous sides of Long Canon.
There was one tree in particular, the
giant of them all, that stood not twenty
i'eet from the edge of the cliff. From
where it grew, the canon was not more
than two hundred feet across, although
in depth it was close onto a thousand
feet. The claim was shake timber from
beginning to end, and shake timber is
the straightest-grained and the cleanest
on earth.

  All had gone well until the big lum-
ber people had started looking over the
mountains. The first thing that the
timber buyers had spotted was that two-
hundred-acre tract of shake trees. It
was the core of the forest. They had
to have it. They wanted it so bad that
they offered the old men five thousand
dollars for their rights. They might
have bought it at that figure, too, had
they had the foresight to get the two
old men together before making the
offer. That would have been putting
the proposition straight up without
showing preference. Besides, five
thousand was more money than either
man had seen in his lifetime. They
did make the offer to Johnnie Cross-
cut, and the stubby old fellow had
agreed to accept—providing they could
persuade his partner. But old Split-
stuff Billy could not see it. He was
either slighted because he had been the
second to be approached, or else he was

just downright stubborn. Anyway, he
refused to sell.

  “Why, you decrepit old knothole!”
he had cried to his partner. ‘T alius
did say that you was getting feeble. Me
sell? I should say not. All's the mat-
ter with you, Johnnie, is that your brain
is getting soft. It’s our timber, ain’t
it? And it’s mine, just as much as it’s
yourn. If them sawmills is a-coming
in here, they’ll have to have our land
to log this canon, and they'll give twenty
thousand just as quick as they’ll give
five.”

  All of which happened to be true, be-
cause the man who had made the offer
was a speculator and the worst kind of
a rogue. The speculator was planning
to get possession of the land before the
real advance. He knew that the big
lumber interests would pay far more
than twenty thousand. Nevertheless,
his coming had been the cause of the
final split of the S & C shake concern.

  There had been a bitter row. In the
end, old Johnnie Crosscut had picked
up his wedges and saws and saddled his
pony. Then he had moved to the south
end of the claim, where he built his own
cabin and lived by himself. Hence-
forth each man had worked his own
cuts and split his own shakes. They
had only come together when there was
a tree to fall, and they would not have
done that but for the fact that it takes
two good men to lay down a giant red-
wood. That was what had brought
them together to-day.

  Just at daylight old Johnnie Crosscut
had slipped up to Splitstuff Bill’s cabin
and poked his head through the door.
“Come on, you stubborn old donkey,”
he had cried. ‘‘I want you to help me
cut a tree. And you needn't go asking
me a bunch of fool questions about it,
neither.”

  But when they had come to that giant
redwood near the edge of the precipice,
and Johnnie had started sighting the
fall straight across the chasm, old Billy
THE BRIDGE ACROSS THE CANYON

103

had . started to balk. That was when he
had taken the second chew.

  “It will take a balloon to work her
up!” he exclaimed. “Of all the dang
idiotic freaks! Now I know you’re
crazy.”

  Old Johnnie Crosscut was grinning.
It tickled his fancy to think that he
had the other guessing.

  “Yep,” he answered, sighting the tree
and measuring the big trunk, “I’m
crazy, SplitstufF. Crazy just like a fox.
Are you or are you not a-going to help
me cut this tree? I can’t sell the land
without you sign the paper, but I kin
fall any tree that’s on my half. We
agreed to help fall any tree that the
other wanted, didn’t we? It ain’t my
fault that your brain is all frizzled up
and has lost its vision so vou can’t look

                                         ✓

into the future. How about it?”

  A bargain was a bargain, even with
old Billy. He lit his pipe, showing that
he was nervous. After that he tight-
ened his belt and sighted the fall over
the canon.

  “Well/’ he said finally, “the way I
gets it, the distance is about two hun-
dred feet across. This here tree is
about three hundred feet to the tip.
When she falls, she’ll strike on the
other side and snap off like a lead pen-
cil. That is, unlessen you rides her
down one of them big trees on the other
side.

  “You could do that, of course,
only it would bust all the limbs off that
tree over there. That tree belongs to
the lumber people, and they think each
tree is worth about a million dollars—
when they own it.”

  “Yes, and I knows that, too,” an-
swered old Johnnie Crosscut. “But I
don’t aim to murder none of them trees
—not one. I’ll let ’em act as a spring
to break our fall. I don’t aim to bust
nothing. Just the same, I happens to
know that there ain’t two other men in
all Californy who can make that kind
of a fall without bustin’ timber. We

can put in the undercut, then saw her,
and wedge her down. What you say?”

  Now, every craftsman likes to per-
form the supreme stroke of his calling.
And Billy was no exception. If they
could fall that tree without splintering
it, they would have something to crow
about.

  “Well,” he said, stroking his beard
and watching an eagle soar over the
chasm, “we kin try it. But, under-
stand, I ain’t a-goin’ to be responsible
for your fool judgment. Any man who
would want to give away twenty thou-
sand dollars for five ain’t got no sense,
and-”

  At that allusion to the disputed sale,
the argument was on again. It went
on during the whole of the two days
that they were chopping the undercut
and dragging the crosscut. Old Billy
would lean against the saw handle and
look across at his aged partner. He
loved him with all the love of one crony
for another, but it was not in his na-
ture to say it. Johnnie was getting old,
he said to himself, and needed watch-
ing. And, dang his old hide, if he
wanted to live alone, he could do it!

  All the while old Johnnie was grin-
ning to himself. He knew that the
road around the head of Long Canon
took up twelve long miles, and that by
falling this tree he was demonstrating
the best short cut in the mountains.
There was a vast difference between
twelve miles and two hundred feet.
He was going to sell out, and sell out
just as soon as1 he could. Dang a pard-
ner like he had, anyway!

  It took two days to get ready for the
last strokes. On the forenoon of the
third they were all ready for the wedg-
ing. In fact, old Johnnie had just
stooped to pick up the sledge when
some one stepped from the tall ferns
that grew close by. He recognized the
man as the same fellow who had at-
tempted to buy the claim a short time
back. The old man dropped his sledge
104

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

in his surprise; he did not know how
the cantankerous Splitstuff would take
it. Splitstuff had reached into his hip
pocket. But instead of a gun he had
fetched out a plug of tobacco. Old
Johnnie was thankful for that. He saw
the speculator turn white, step back,
and run his hand into his coat pocket;
then he had checked himself. The tree
was ready to fall, but Johnnie knew
that, being a redwood, it would stand
a long while—until it was wedged or
caught by the wind. Old Splitstuff Bill
was biting off a chew.

  ‘‘Well, pardner,” he was saying to the
speculator, “you thought I was reach-
ing for something else, didn’t you?
And I don’t mind telling you that if
you keep on shovin’ into somebody
else’s business, I will reach. And just
to help you with your thinking 111 show
you how T do it.” He passed his hand
across his hip, and a gun barked; then
the gun was back again. “So!” he
said. “And I’ll warn ye that old John-
nie is even a better shot than I am.”

  The city man blanched. He was a
tall man with exceedingly long legs.
His body was small for his height, and
his face was” hawklike. What with his
derby hat, his hook nose, and his black
eyes, he was like a spider. He had
reached for an automatic and had al-
ready drawn out the butt, when he
caught the idea of the demonstration.
He laughed wickedly.

  “Well,” he snapped, “there are two
of us that can play that game. Only
I didn't come up here for anything like
that. I’m an honest business man, Mr.
Splitstuff—not a murderer. I haven’t
got anything to say to you, anyway. I
gave you your chance a while back, and
you refused it. So now I wouldn’t let
you in on it if I could. But Mr. Cross-
cut, here, is different. You can see with
half an eye that he's got brains. He’s
got a good head for business. I want
to see him down at his cabin.”

  It tickled old Johnnie Crosscut to

hear his partner rebuked. In fact, he
had half expected to see old Splitstuff
start shooting. Also, it suited his van-
ity to hear the speculator tell which one
of them had the brains. Perhaps the
city man had thought of a way of get-
ing around his stubborn old partner. A
city man would know all about the
tricks of the law. Yes, he would go
down to the cabin. The tree could wait,
and so could old Splitstuff Bill.

  The speculator looked up at the tree
for a moment, and then started oif in
the direction of Crosscut’s cabin. Five
minutes later he was showing the old
man a piece of paper. He had produced
it from one of many blanks that he had
in his pocket. It was a thirty-day op-
tion on the old man’s share of the land.
It was an important matter, lie said,
and if he could get that option he would
be willing to write out a check for two
hundred dollars. He did not say that
the deal was almost a certainty and
that the big lumber chief was even at
that minute coming into the mountains.
The old man did not understand much
about business; he read the paper over
and over.

  “You mean,” he asked at length, “that
if I sign this here paper you will give
me a check for two hundred dollars?
Flow about my pardner, Bill ?”

  The speculator had pushed his hat to
the back of his head; his eyes were
growing blacker, and his lips were set
—as if he could already see the old man
signing.

  “I mean just that, Crosscut,” he said.
“All you have to do is to sign the pa-
per. I’ll give you a check for two hun-
dred dollars. The paper says that you
agree to sell me your half interest for
two thousand five hundred dollars.
It says that I am paying you two hun-
dred down, and that if I don’t pay the
rest within thirty days, why the money
is yours. It’s yours, anyway, because
when I pay the balance it goes as part
of the purchase price. Savvy ? It’s
THE BRIDGE ACROSS THE CANYON

105

yours, just as soon as it reaches your
hands. Here you are. I got a check
all made out. But first you better sign
the paper. I want to be fair, and that’s
why I'm paying that two hundred. Al-
ways be fair, is my motto. Honesty,
you know. Now, wait a minute. Here
—hello, what’s that?”

  Old Crosscut’s pony was at the feed
rack. Just at that moment she had
taken a notion to nicker. The specu-
lator seemed to have a sudden interest
in horseflesh.

  “Dog-gone, Mr. Crosscut!” he ex-
claimed. “Did you notice that horse?
She can almost talk, can’t she? Never
seen anything like it for a voice. She
seemed to just say, ‘I want some hav.’ ”
The words and the nicker apparently-
reminded the old man that he had not
given his pet her customary bite. He
turned around and trotted her out an
armful of hay. That done, he came
back to sign the paper.

  “Yep,” said the old man. “I clean
forgot her. I alius gives her a nip
every time I comes in, and she knows
it. Ain’t another pony like her for hav-
ing sense. Knows every word I says.
Yessir. And when I whistles she
comes to me just like a dog. S'plit-
stuff Bill, my old pardner, never kept a
horse, but I alius did.”

  The old man had taken everything in
good faith. He did not know that the
stranger had purposely diverted his at-
tention so that he could switch papers.
Neither did he know that the fellow
was a rogue and a master of his kind.
The man said something about ink, and
Johnnie started to find some. His hol-
ster got caught while he squirmed
around, so he took out his gun and
placed it on the table. He found the ink
and the pen in a far corner of the
drawer. The man placed the paper in
front of him. It was the option just
as he had read. The old man signed.
And the moment that he had done so
he learned something. The speculator

had pulled a second sheet from under
the first and had left old Johnnie hold-
ing an unsigned option. The man
straightened up. His evil eyes were
snapping like devils.

  “Thanks, old man.” He laughed.
“This is about the easiest trick that I
ever turned in my life. An option, ha,
ha! And me give you two hundred
dollars? Yeah? Well, old boy, I’ll tell
you what you’ve done. You’ve just
signed me over all your interest in this
here shake claim. The option was
what you was looking at, but what you
was signing is just the same as a deed.”

  He should have known better. But
he was the kind of a man who had to
gloat over an evil act. The gun was
in the center of the table, and he had
no idea that the old man would reach
for it. As it was, the rogue only beat
him by an inch. Old John turned, and
the speculator shot from the pocket of
his coat. Johnnie Crosscut reeled
around and then fell—shot through the
lungs. It had all happened in a sec-
ond, and was not at all in the rogue’s
calculations. For a moment the fellow
stood still,, wondering just what had
happened. Then he stooped over to the
old man’s form.

  “Dead,” he said. “Dead. Well, I
got the deed, anyway. They ain’t
a-going to prove that I killed him.
What I wants now is to get out of here
and get out of here quick. I’ll just take
his horse and ride up around Long
Canon and come out on the other side.
Then I can hit straight for Frisco.”

  Two minutes later he was on Cross-
cut’s horse, riding up the road.- And
he had hardly got out of sight when
the lean form of old Billy Splitstuff
came hobbling down the path that led
to the cabin. The keen ears of the old
woodsman had heard that muffled shot
of the automatic. Had it been an old-
fashioned .45, he would not have
moved. But an automatic! That
meant that the stranger had done the
106

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

shooting. Old Bill came straight down
through the trees. He saw that the
pony was gone, that the door of the
cabin was open, and he saw a man in-
side, stretched out on the floor. With
one leap old Splitstuff had his partner
in his arms.

  “Johnnie, Johnnie !” he cried.
“Crosscut, old pal! You ain’t dead.
Tell me!” To himself he muttered:
“No, he ain’t dead yet. Shot—shot—
let me see—yep, here she is. Thank
■God, she’s high! It’s his lung. But
lots of men have lived through that.
If I can only get him out and to a doc-
tor !

  “But his horse is gone. I suppose
that crook stole the horse and is riding
up the canon. I got to have that horse.
That crook will come down the other
side. I got to get over and beat him to
it. I got to take Johnnie!”

  Suddenly he straightened up and ran
to the door. He looked out and up
at the sky. The cool air of the forest
seemed to tell him what to do. He was
thinking about that tree. All she
needed was wedging—perhaps a few
strokes of the saw. But could he get
her down alone?

  He knew that he could not climb the
steep gorge of the canon in half a day.
If he could drop that tree, he would
make it in an hour. That is—if he
could do it. But first he would have
to take care of old Johnnie. The old
fellow had fallen with his head against
the corner of the stove. He was un-
conscious.

  In five minutes Splitstuff had him
bathed and bandaged. Then he took
him in his arms and started back to the
great redwood. Old Johnnie might
have had some wild notion in his head
when he started falling that tree, but
it was hardly anything like this.

  The first thing was to place his part-
ner’s body on a bed of soft ferns.
Then he picked up some wedges and
began sighting. In a case like this, the

first wedge was very important. He
would have to hit the limbs of the tree
on the opposite bank. Before, it had
been a matter of pride; now it was a
necessity. The tree would have to go
just right or it would snap off.

  He started the first wedge—and
then another. Soon he realized that he
would have to saw. Sawing alone in
a case like that was a terrible job—al-
most impossible. But old Splitstuff was
sawing for a life. He went back to
the wedge, and when he drove it in this
time he got a pop like a rifle shot. The
old tree was sending out its warning.
Another pop and another!

  There followed a half hour of back-
breaking work; three quarters of an
hour! If he did not get it down pretty
soon, the villain would come down from
the head of the canon and escape. Old
Splitstuff could not keep his mind off
that horse. The tree popped and
groaned its death agony. But a red-
wood giant is hard to tip. The old man
put in more wedges.

  The time came when every stroke of
the sledge sent a quiver to the top of
the great monarch. Whang! Whang!
Whang! He was perspiring profusely
and he was getting weak. Time was get-
ting precious. Then—right before his
eyes the wedge was getting loose. The
saw cut had widened. He drove the
wedge in with a mighty stroke. After
that he stepped calmly back and waited.

  A redwood does not go down with a
bang. It starts with a slow hesitation.
The top was just moving, for all the
world as if the tree was taking its last
breath, over—easy—easy, down—down,
first with a soft swish, after that with
the speed of a bullet. Boom ! Crash!
On the other side of the chasm there
was a shower of limbs stripping from
the trees, a crash and a grinding of
splintered fragments. Then there was
a sudden lurch as the tree stopped still.
Old Johnnie had guessed right. The
limbs and the tangle of brush on the
THE BRIDGE ACROSS THE CANYON

107

other side had broken the fall. The
tree was across the canon.

  Now Splitstuff had another job. The
tree was fully twenty feet through. He
had to climb up the butt with old John-
nie on his shoulder. By using a part
of the staging for a ladder he made
it. He was up on the soft red bark.
On his back was his partner, and be-
low him was a dizzy fall of a thousand
feet. His feet sank between the great
seams of red fiber. He was conscious
of but one thing—and one thing only.
He kept repeating over and over:

  “I got to get that horse. I was a
jackass to act like I did. I was a jack-
ass ! Poor old Johnnie. They ain’t
a-going to take him from me. He
ain’t a-going to die. I got to get that
horse.”

  And on his shoulder at that moment
old Johnnie Crosscut was coming to;
he had just opened his eyes. At first
it was all strange to him—like a night-
mare. He could not understand where
he was. Then, like a flood, it all came
back—the land shark, the switching of
the paper, and the shot! For a minute
he was puzzled. He was over a canon
and he was on a tree. Some one was
carrying him. He heard a voice.

  “I was a jackass to act like I did.”
said the voice. “Poor old Johnnie!
They ain’t a-going to take him from
me.”

  That voice was Splitstuff Billy’s.
How Johnnie loved him! It was worth
being shot just to hear the words. “The
durn old rascal!” thought Johnnie to
himself. “Well, mebbe they was two
of them jackasses.”

  That was all. He remembered their
coming among the great limbs and that
terrible gulf below them. After that,
blackness fell again.

  When Splitstuff Billy reached the
other side and climbed out of the tree-
top, Johnnie was unconscious. Old
Billy carried him three hundred feet
farther until he came to the road that

led down from the head of the canon.
It was well sheltered and hidden in the
dense forest. Fie had h»jvplan.

  First he made his partner a bed by
the roadside and looked after his
wounds. Johnnie seemed to be breath-
ing easily. Then he straightened and
started up the road on a run. There
was a chaparral hillside a little way off
and a clump of madrones above the
road. He was going to play highway-
man. The land shark ought to be along
any minute. He chose a spot above a
cut in the road. When the time came,
he would land suddenly and take the
crook by surprise. He felt of his .45.
There was a noise coming a short way
off. Fie planned to step on a fallen
madrone log, flip out kis gun, and wing
his man. Next minute the rider came
into view. Splitstuff waited. He
stepped on the log.

  But something happened. A madrone
is about the slipperiest thing in the
woods; the morning dew was still in
the forest, and the bark was wet. Old
Splitstuff had hardly placed his weight
on the fallen tree when his foot skidded,
and he fell backward. His head struck
the log and he was knocked uncon-
scious. His body started rolling down
the steep bank; a boulder was unlodged
and came after him. Plump! His body
landed in the road. It was followed by
a shower of gravel and boulders. One
of the heavy rocks struck the old man’s
body, rolled over, and passed beyond the
road. The horseman had drawn up.
The speculator knew in an instant what
had happened, that Splitstuff had been
hoping to waylay him. He was wish-
ing that the old man was dead, but he
wanted to be sure.

  “Going to pick me off, eh?” he mut-
tered. “Just a-going to waylay me and
shoot me like a dog. Going to murder
me in cold blood, eh? Well, there’s
two of us in this game now. I might
just as well pass sentence right now,
seeing as how he was going to kill me.
108

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

I’ll just get off and see that a good
job is done. I could use a gun, but that
might look suspicious. So I’ll get down
there and crush his head with a rock.
That will make it look like he got killed
in the slide. The low-down cur! He
wanted to murder me, eh?”

  He slid out of the saddle and started
to pick up a rock. Just having found
one to his liking, he was startled by a
whistle from the road ahead of him.
The whistle was faint; but the mare
had pricked up her ears. She shied to
the opposite side of the road and started
forward. The man dropped the rock.
A feeling of terror ran up his spine.

  “Whoa!” he shouted at the horse.
“Whoa! You brute! Whoa i!’

  Another whistle sounded, this time a
stronger one. The mare had started to
nicker and was running away. With a
curse the long-legged villain started
running to head her off.

  “Whoa!” he yelled. “Whoa!”

  That only seemed to frighten the
(horse. She gathered speed and broke
into a gallop. The man had his gun in
his hand. He was ready for any emer-
gency. But this time his opponent had
the advantage of a fair draw. The land
shark suddenfy stopped in horror. His
blood froze! For there, sitting by the
roadside, was the man whom he had
killed. Old Johnnie Crosscut had
whistled to his horse, and the horse had
come. The old man was holding a
wicked. 45. The speculator whipped his
automatic and let fire. But he was too
late. The .45 belched, and the villain’s
hand dropped at the wrist. With a yell
of terror the tall rogue started to run.
but another shot stopped him. He heard
the voice of Johnnie Crosscut.

  “No, you don’t, dang you!” The old
man’s voice was feeble and it was com-
ing hard, but it was steadied by nerve
and excitement. “No, you don’t. I
seen what you was a-going to do. You
was a-going to crush Splitstuff Billy’s
head with a rock, wasn’t you? Kinda

nice and merciful, ain’t you? And I
suppose you wonder how I got here,
eh? Well, I’ll tell you that right now.
Old Billy carried me over on that tree.
He must have found me where you shot
me. And he must have put my gun back
in my holster. Lucky thing he did.
Then he put down that tree and carried
me across. He must have laid me down
in the road a ways back there and then
went up to wait for you.

  “I was unconscious when he put me
down but it seems that I come to in
time. I was afraid something would
happen, so I dragged myself to this here
tree. I had the gun and I wanted to
help Billy out, if I could. Only he was
too far away. That’s why I whistled.
Didn’t I tell you that that there pony
would come any time I whistled? Yep.
So now you got a sore wrist. And I’m
the boss. And seeing as how I’ve got
the gun and old Billy’s out of commis-
sion, I guess I’ll just have to hold to-
gether until we kin get out. I’ll warn
ye though, that if I feel myself a-slip-
ping, I’m just a-going to plug you and
let you lay. Now then, you kin ketch
that horse. Billy and me has got to
ride somehow, and you kin walk. By
the way, you better hand over that there
little paper. Oh, now 3-ou needn’t get
sore. You don’t want to feel bad just
because you got beat by a couple of old
shake makers like me and Billy. Leave
that part of it until you get down to
the sheriff. Yep. Wait a minute.
Here comes some one up the road.
Mebbe they will give you a hand.”

  A horseman had appeared in the
majestic aisle of redwoods; then another
and another. Before they knew it, the
shake man and the crook were the center
of an interested group of listeners. Old
Johnnie was almost ready to pass into
unconsciousness again; but he managed
to gurgle out his story, pointing to his
wound and the slip of paper as evi-
dence—also to the crumpled form of old
Splitstuff Billy. One of the newcomers
THE BRIDGE ACROSS THE CANYON

109

dismounted and took the old man’s
hand. Another stepped up to the crook.
Johnnie saw the man slip a cord from
his pocket and start binding the land
shark up. Evidently the man was an
officer. The man who was holding John-
nie’s hand was speaking.

  “Well, I guess we got here just in
time, Crosscut. I’m the head of the
new lumber company. My name is
Tompkins, and I was just coming up
here to take a look at your claim. Our
cruisers turned in their report over a
week ago. Evidently this man knew
what they had said and was scheming
to get in ahead of us, and hold us up.
I don’t mind telling you that we are
mightily interested. And if what you
say about this tree is true, your claim is
doubly valuable. I'm going over now
and see the thing for myself.” Then
to one of his companions he said: “Take
care of the old men and see that they
are comfortable. Better take them down
to the company’s hospital. I’ll be back
in a few minutes.”

  When he came back both Billy and
old Johnnie had been loaded on the
horses and were on their way to town.
But the lumber man spoke to his com-
panion.

  “That really was a wonderful piece of
timber falling. It’s a natural bridge.
The best part of it is that there’s a
tree on this side that we can fall along-
side of the other and complete the job.
It will save twelve long miles of hauling.
When we get the other tree down we can
dig under them along the bank and let
them down to the level. Those timbers

will last forever. And really I believe
that shake claim is the best that I’ve
ever seen. It’s worth a fortune in itself.
And that bridge makes it worth just that
much more again. Likewise, I would
dike to engage both of those old men to
take charge of our timber falling. Men
who can handle trees like that are as
scarce as frog’s hair. But I’m almighty
glad that they caught that crook. That
fellow has cost us a pile of money.
Now lie’ll go where he belongs.”

  Two days later the two old men were
sitting in adjoining beds in the hospital.
There was a kind look in their eyes as
they talked. Splitstuff Billy said:
“Honest now, Johnnie. Why did you
cut that durn tree, anyway?”

  The other smoothed out his whiskers
and smiled. So far he had held it a
secret.

  “Why did I fall it?” he answered.
“Why, you durn ole rascal, why do you
suppose? I didn’t have a reason on
earth except to get your goat. I was
just contrary, that’s all. I figgered that
you’d go right up in the air, and that
I’d just make you help me do it, any-
way.”

  There was silence for a minute, and
then old Splitstuff Billy said:

  “Well, that might have been it, but I
don’t know. It was kind of ducky.
Here Tompkins has paid us ten thou-
sand dollars for our bridge and twenty
thousand for our claim. Say, Johnnie,
I just been a-thinking. We been a
couple of durn ole fools. Ain’t we?”
“We sure have,” said Johnnie Cross-
cut.
(Trinidad) Erie Wilson

HE second oldest town in
Colorado is Trinidad,
The early explorers of the
region were Spaniards
and the name of this
pioneer settlement which
means “the trinity” is a heritage from
these adventurers. The first white man
to settle upon the site of this Western
city was John Hatcher, who took up
land for a farm there in 1846. This
hardy pioneer constructed an irrigating
ditch and raised a crop. But the hostile
redskins not only destroyed his grain,
hut succeeded in driving him away from
the valley.

  Other settlers gradually came to the
section, however, and in 1850 Trinidad
was a plaza of widely scattered adobe
huts. In order to reach the place,
travelers were forced to cross a bound-
less region of hills and plains. During
the early days of Western history.
Trinidad was a stopping point for
freighters with mule and ox teams who

Author of “Topeka” etc.

•followed the devious windings of the
old Santa Fe Trail on the long over-
land journey to the New Mexico city.
In 1861 cabins were built in and around
the crude little frontier hamlet, and set-
tlers began to grow crops of hay, grain,
vegetables and fruit.

  Trinidad was incorporated as a city
in 1876, the same year that Colorado
became a State. Three years later, the
first telegraph and railroad entered the
town. Electric street lights were in-
troduced in 1880, and nine years later
a five-story building was erected. In
1903 a street railway appeared, and
from that time on the one-time crude
border settlement has grown steadily.
To-day it is a thriving modern city, with
a population of fifteen thousand, rank-
ing as the fourth city in size in Colo-
rado. It is situated in the extreme
southeastern part of the State, occupy-
ing a hilly site upon both banks of the
Purgatory River. The Sangre de
Cristo Range of the Continental Divide
PIONEER TOWNS OF THE WEST

111

is about forty miles distant, and Pueblo
lies one hundred miles to the north.

  Much of the prosperity of Trinidad
is due to the coal-mining industry.
Adjacent to the city a coal field occupies
a long narrow basin of about two thou-
sand square miles along the foot of the
Rocky Mountains. This region con-
tains the largest deposits of bituminous
coal west of the Missouri River.
Various mines in the section employ
about five thousand men, with a monthly
pay roll of more than five hundred thou-
sand dollars. Stock raising is a thriv-
ing industry in the vicinity, and many
excellent ranches are located in Las
Animas County, of which Trinidad is
the county seat. Agriculture is also ex-
tensively carried on in the land north-
east of this Colorado city, where sev-
eral irrigation canals supply water to
alfalfa fields and crops of various kinds.

  Trinidad enjoys a splendid reputation
as a place of residence. Elevated quite
■some feet above sea level, the cli-
mate is ideal, the summers being bright
and cool, and the autumns sunny and
dry. This Colorado city has well-paved
streets, attractive homes, successful
mercantile establishments, and churches
of almost every denomination. Good
hotels, a large opera house, modern
theaters, and a number of parks and
playgrounds all contribute toward mak-
ing Trinidad a pleasant place to live.
An equestrian statue of Kit Carson, the
famous frontiersman, was erected, after
his death, and stands in the park,
bearing the name of this great West-
erner. The public schools here rank
with the best in the country, and there
is a well-equipped Carnegie library. A
fine country club provides one of the
best golf links in Colorado, and the city
maintains a convenient camping ground
for motor tourists.

  Some of the most beautiful scenery
in the West surrounds Trinidad, which
is in the heart of a picturesque canon
and mountain district. Overlooking the

city at the south stands Fisher’s Peak,
named after a German artillery officer
who commanded a battery in the army
of the West, that camped at its base in
1846. This wonderful mountain rises
to a height of over ten thousand feet
and is one of the'most noted peaks in
the West. To the north of the city is a
huge rock, known as Simpson’s Rest,
There is a story connected with this
picturesque pile, which dates back to
the days when Trinidad was a frontier
settlement. Then it was that a pioneer,
George Simpson by name, was attacked
by hostile redskins. With his family,,
he took refuge on this high rock, estab-
lishing a miniature fortress upon it.
Here he successfully withstood the sav-
age onslaught of the Indians. Later he
expressed a wish that this fortress
should be his last resting place. And
here he sleeps in a grave cut in the vir-
gin rock. Upon the summit of Simp-
son's Rest the city has erected a huge
electrically illuminated sign with the
word "Trinidad” in eight-foot letters.

  Thirty miles away from Trinidad,
over a splendid highway, lies the beauti-
ful Stonewall Gap and Park. The
famous Stonewall is a huge stratum of
rock turned up edgeways, rising some
two hundred feet in the air with a thick-
ness of about twenty-five feet. Through
this peculiar formation which stretches
for miles and miles is the Stonewall
Pass, around which is a forty-acre
park maintained as a free camping
ground for tourists. Another fine scenic
drive out of Trinidad is to the Raton
Pass, a distance of twenty-five miles
away, over a hard-surfaced road. And
easily accessible from Trinidad is the
San Isabel National Forest, which of-
fers unlimited sport to the fisherman,
hunter, and camper.

  Trinidad is located on the National
Old Trail, Santa Fe Trail, Colorado-to-
Gulf and the Plains-Mountains High-
ways. It is served by four railroads.
Trinidad is said to be one of the best-
112

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

lighted cities in America and has won-
derfully pure water which is piped
through a thirty-three-mile pipe line
from the snow-capped mountains of the
Sangre de Cristo Range. The entire
system is municipally owned. The city
is governed by a mayor and a council
composed of ten aldermen. The pres-
ent mayor is the Honorable F. R.

Trinidad are T. W. Henritze, general
manager of the Snodgrass Food Com-
pany and president of the chamber of
commerce; J. C. Hudelson, president of
the First National Bank; F. R. Wood,
president of the Commercial Savings
Bank; Ray Cox, president of the Trini-
dad National Bank; George Hausman,
president of the Hausman Drug Com-
pany ; and H. M. Corning, superintend-
ent of the city schools and president of
the Rotary Club.

Wood, who is' serving a two-year term
of office.

Among the prominent citizens of

In next week’s issue Pueblo, Colorado, will be described.

THE SANDS OF TIME

TN about one hundred and fifty years Alamogordo, New Mexico, will be entirely
covered by sand. Near this famous frontier town, which has been a great
center for famous cattlemen, outlaws, pioneers, and celebrated Southwest charac-
ters, are located the Great White Sands. These consist of pure white, crystallized
gypsum blown from an ancient lake bottom, covering an area of two hundred and
seventy square miles.

    The White Sands are moving toward Alamogordo at the rate of one mile
every twenty years. Old stage roads and cow trails of the eighties and nineties
are now covered fifty feet with white sand. This mobile earth surface is formed
and kept moving by winds that blow always in one direction. And this means
that the small city must within a century and a half disappear or change its
location. Nothing man can do will retard this earth creep, as the dunes are fifty
and seventy-five feet high and the force with which the sand moves is almost
inconceivable.

   NAVAJOS PROTEST PAYMENT FOR BRIDGE BUILDING

A VIGOROUS protest was filed recently with the Senate appropriations com-
mittee by the New Mexico Association on Indian Affairs against the use of
.$106,000 O/f Navajo Indian tribal funds to defray half the cost of building a
bridge across the Colorado River at Lee’s Ferry, Arizona, and one across the
San Juan River at Bloomfield, New Mexico, both being partly off the reservation.
It had been planned to use $106,000 of Navajo tribal funds derived from oil
royalties as part payment for the construction of these bridges. The document
of protest, however, states that the Navajo tribal council made specific objection
to such use of their money, and that the Indian bureau pledged its faith to
have the income spent for agricultural and industrial purposes, irrigation a*d
roads and bridges within the reservation, and for the direct benefit of the
Navajos. They did not want their money spent on State or Federal highways.
It is declared that the proposed bridges are for the benefit of the general
public and that they will be of little or no use to the Indians.
Old BilFRebels

 y Frank Richardson Pierce

                         Author of “Lost Dogetc.

!”

hn Little did not pull
n the lines when he
the command, and
:hances are that Old
would have stopped
anyway. For fifteen years he had
dragged the express wagon down to the
station before train time, waited for
several minutes until the train arrived
and departed, then hauled the usual load
of trunks and suit cases to the various
parts of town. From time to time, op-
position came in in the form of auto
trucks, but for once gasoline and speed
did not triumph over horseflesh. “Old
John” and Old Bill had never lost a
piece of baggage yet, and a few minutes
one way or another counted for little
when measured against reliability.

  “Back up!”

  Old Bill did more than back. He
swung slightly to the left, cramped the
•wheels at the proper angle, then backed
and stopped. John Little wrapped the
lines around the whip he never used
and climbed stiffly down.

  As the train came to a stop he sang
out in a voice somewhat weakened by
time. “Baggage transferred. Baggage?
Baggage? Howdy, Mr. Stanton! Yep,
I’ll get ’em right out. Hello, Joe, how’d
you find things in the city? Yep! I’ll
get them trunks out right away. Bag-
gage transferred! Baggage!”

  When the last arrival had left the
platform John Little found himself sur-
rounded by suit cases, while his right
hand held a number of baggage checks.
He did not consult the station agent
who also had charge of the baggage
room; he merely removed such trunks
and bags from the room as he needed
and handed the checks to the official.
Many of the bags and trunks he recog-
nized without a glance at the names
or initials.

  Old John followed the same routine
to-day, though it was evident his mind
was not on his work. From time to
time he would glance at a beautifully il-
lustrated folder that spoke in glowing
terms of bathing and fishing. Happy
people, mostly beautiful girls were de-
114

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

picted emerging or entering the cool
surf. Some were splashing around
while others were reclining on the sand,
drenched with sun. The only fish,
probably, in the vicinity was attached to
the end of a line which bent a pole at
just the proper angle to simulate reality.
To prove that it was a fish on the end
of the line and not a snag, the fish was
visible. In the distance a sailboat could
be seen heeling over in the brisk breeze.

  Old John knew the folder by heart.
“Yes, sir,” he explained to his various
friends along the way, “it'll be my first
vacation in fifteen years. I was going
to take a vacation fifteen years ago.
Then my horse up and died on me, and
it took all my money to buy Old Bill
here. Since then I’ve salted away some,
not much, but some, and I’ve been too
busy to find time. Me and Bill have
been on the job right steady.”

  Some one asked: “How long will you
be away, John?”

  “I’m taking a real one; I’m going to
be gone three months. I figure a man
should have a little fun, as he goes
along, and not wait until he’s too old
to play. I’m. going to have some of my
fun now. While I’m gone young Eddy
Hillman will look after the business.
He’s home from college and can use the
money. Besides rasslin’ trunks will put
him in good shane to plav football next
fall.”

  There was another question the
townspeople naturally asked. “What
are you going to do with Old Bill?’’

  Old John and Old Bill were always
together, therefore, what was Bill to do
during the period of relaxation?

  “Well, you see Bill is only a horse,
and a horse gets his fun as he goes
along in life. Each night rest, a rest on
Sunday, and his feed right along. It
ain’t like a man who needs a change of
scenery once in a while. Danny Sex-
ton has some cultivating, hauling, and
the like of that to do this summer, and
I figure Old Bill can earn his keep that

way. Next fall we'll be back at the
same old place doing business.”

  It is pretty well settled that animals
possess a certain process by which their
actions are governed. There are those
who claim animals reason and think;
there are others who deny this and in-
sist that every act of an animal is in-
stinctive.

  Old Bili was not particularly con-
cerned over this problem of mankind.
He only knew that the cool winds of
an evening brought with them the scent
of pine trees, falling water, and moun-
tain meadows. For fifteen years he had
turned his eyes toward the mountains
some twenty miles away, and speculated
on what might be there. But the op-
portunity to investigate never came.
His life, it would seem, was to be spent
on the pavements where a horse’s feet
all but burned from contact with the
hot, black asphalt. Flis nostrils were
continually outraged with the heavy
scent of gasoline and burning oil. Ex-
cept on the hottest days the pavements
were hard to his hoofs. Each hoof-
beat was a mild shock. Occasionally
his duties took him down a dirt street,
and when the earth was soft and springy
from a recent rain, trotting was pleas-
ant. But for the most part he knew
only the hot pavements.

  Each day it was the same. Old John
would appear about sunrise and rest his
arms for several moments on the top
rail of the corral; then he would whistle.
Old Bill would lift his head, thrust his
ears forward by way of greeting, then
break into a half trot, half gallop, until
he crossed the intervening distance—
whereupon he would sniff for the lump
of sugar Old John so often brought.
This daily act over with, the horse was
cared for, later hitched up, and driven
slowly to the stand.

  Yes, not only each day was it the
same, but for fifteen years it had been
the same. Then, without warning,
OLD BILL REBELS

115

there came a change. Old Bill respond-
ed to John’s whistle and accepted a
lump of sugar, but the man did nothing
this morning except to toss an armful
of hay into the manger. It was good
hay, but at times Old Bill found it some-
what dusty. He longed for crisp, dewy
grass. Occasionally he got it. Some
passing boy or girl would pull a clump
of grass and feed him, or he would
nibble a stray blade or two when his
duties took him beyond the pavements.

  For several moments Old John con-
templated his faithful horse. Bill’s left
hip sagged badly, due mostly to the way
he was standing; his head dropped a
bit too, John noticed.

  “Bill, you’re getting old,” he said and
seemed surprised at the discovery.
“Some of these days you’ll be dropping
off and some of these days they’ll be
sending flowers to my funeral. Well,
s’long, Bill, see you in the fall.”

  Old John boarded the train and set-
tled back : - his seat, still thinking of
Bill. “Yes, sir, sure as you’re a foot
high, that nag is getting old. Yes, now
that I think of it, he laid right down
on me one day—went to sleep hitched to
the wagon.”

  John was* interested in the scenery for
several hours; then he dozed a bit, after
which he found the diner and ordered a
fine meal. This was a vacation, and no
expense was to be spared. Life was
short at best, he reasoned, and a year
hence he might not be alive to enjoy
a vacation.

  When the train stopped at the beach
he gathered up his bags and stepped out.
A number of taxicab drivers and bag-
gage men nearly mobbed him.

  “That ain’t the way I get business,”
■he grumbled, “attacking people with my
bare hands.”

  He looked about for a horse-drawn
vehicle to carry his bags to the hotel.
There was none, so he submitted to the
sales talk of a taxi driver who had pur-
sued him knowing that eventually he

must weaken and fall. John settled
back and experienced a mild thrill. He
tipped the driver and registered. Later
he bought a newspaper and retired,
reading in bed with a light directly
above his head.

  “Pretty fine,” he muttered, “prettv
fine!”

  The following day he was up before
sunrise. The beach was practically de-
serted, except for an occasional bather.
He walked, worked up an appetite,
later donned a bathing suit, and spent
the day swimming and dozing on the
sand for hours at a time. For the first
time he realized just how tired he was.

  “Fifteen years’ steady work makes it
hard for a man to let down,” he mused
lazily. “This is sure going to make a
new man out of me. Yesterday I fig-
ured Old Bill and I would drop off
about the same time, but now I’ll wear
out a couple more horses. I wonder if
maybe I hadn’t better swap Bill for a
younger horse when I get back. He
sure looked about all in that last day—
good old Bill.” This was followed a
half hour later by, “Good old Bill!”

  Back in the corral Old Bill was realiz-
ing that something was wrong. A day
had passed in idleness, and another day
had dawned without the appearance of
Old John. The sun began to climb, and
about eight o’clock Danny Sexton ap-
peared. He fed and watered Bill; then
disappeared. xAn hour later he re-
turned, climbed on Bill’s back and rode
him into the country for nearly a mile.
Here he stopped at an old barn, har-
nessed the horse, and attached him to a
light cultivator.

  All day long Bill worked, and it was
harder work than he had ever done be-
fore, because it was steadier. In the
express business a horse indulged in rest
periods between trains. But there was
no rest in ranching. Dust came from
the ground under him; dust was shaken
from the trees on either side when his
shoulders touched leaves and branches.
116

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

He frequently cleared his nostrils by
violent snorts.

  That night he was glad to lie down
in his corral. It had been a tough day,
no rest, no sugar. When it was dark a
breeze stole down from the mountains.
It carried the scent of pines, of green
grass, and falling water. Bill sniffed
longingly. Somehow he sensed that
neither the pavements nor the orchards
was the place for a tired horse. Rather
it was up there in those moon-washed
mountains so near, so silent and—so
inviting.

  Danny Sexton arrived earlier the fol-
lowing morning. He had, as he ex-
pressed it, a big day ahead. He was
somewhat impatient with Old Bill.

  “Come along,” he ordered, “speed up
a bit. This is an age of speed.”

  And when Bill, a tide of rebellion ris-
ing within him for the first time in
fifteen years, balked, Danny jerked
twice on the halter rope. The third time
he yanked with all of his weight.

  “Come on, dang yuh!”

  At the same moment Old Bill tossed
his head in defiance. The halter gave
and Danny spilled backwards in the
dust. Almost instantly he was upon his
feet.

  “Why, darn yuh!” he exclaimed, at-
tempting to haze Bill into a corner. Bill
let drive with a pair of clean heels,
snorted, and galloped toward the open
gate. When Danny pursued Bill speed-
ed up.

  “Well, can you beat that? It’s the
first time in years he’s showed any life.
Why, if I’d expected anything like that,
I would have handled him different.”

  For an hour Danny pursued; then he
gave it up. Old Bill had cut through
several orchards, followed a road, and
was now in.the open. An area of sage
stretched before him, and he followed it
for miles. Here and there he found a
blade of grass, but no dust and no hot
pavements. Seven miles from town he
crossed a stream. It was very clear and

cool, running over a gravel bottom. Old
Bill drank leisurely as a man of leisure
might sip wine. From time to time he
looked about as if expecting pursuit.
But Danny Sexton did not show up.

  Bill found shade when it grew hot.
At sundown he turned his nostrils
toward the breeze, laden with the
scent of pine, crisp grass, and falling
water. He did not hurry, but plodded
steadily through the moonlit night.
Presently he began to climb. At first
the grade was gradual; then it became
steeper. He followed a draw for a
while; then worked along a hogback.
First he encountered small timber, then
larger, until at last he topped a ridge
and looked below him, in front of him
and all around him. Ahead he could
see the falls. The way the moon struck,
the water seemed to splash silver about.
The stream eddied a moment in a basin,
before cutting through the center of the
valley and working to the lower levels,
where it formed the river from, which
Bill had drunk earlier in the day. Bill
nibbled a bit at the grass then, tired
from the climb, relaxed.

  Dawn brought the old horse much
that was new to him and nearly every-
thing that he desired. He drank from
the cold stream, ate the crisp grass wet
with dew, and listened to the bird chorus
that seemed to rise with the sun. Dur-
ing the morning he explored a bit, dis-
covered a doe and fawn, and later
climbed a ridge from which he looked
down upon a laboring world. The
valley below was flat and sweltering be-
neath the blaze of the midday sun, the
orchards appeared to be tiny, green
squares. Old Bill knew that horses
were laboring among them, breathing
dust and dirt. Bill kicked up his heels
a bit. then trotted back to the valley.
For hours at a time he contented him-
self with standing in some shady spot
while the cold mountain stream gurgled
about his hoofs. For many years these
same hoofs had trod hot pavements.
OLD BILL REBELS

Bill did not know why, but the gravel
and water felt good to his hoofs.

  Weeks followed, and no one came to
the valley. Then one day a man passed
and, seeing the horse, stopped and tried
to catch him. Bill was not to be caught.
He galloped away with tail up, mane
flying, and nostrils snorting defiance.
Several days later two boys tried to
catch him with even less success. Bill
was living and decided it was worth
while. He did not propose to be caught
and have to spend the summer work-
ing.

  Yet as the days slipped by, Bill missed
something. He did not know just what
it was. It seemed indefinite; yet it was
always there, particularly in the morn-
ing. His life, now that the excitement
of his new situation had worn off, did
not seem complete. Often he stood si-
lently, as if listening or thinking. Per-
haps he was. Certainly man has no way
of definitely determining. Perhaps he
was only waiting for some one he knew
must eventually come. The young
birds living in the trees around the
meadow became grown birds; the fawn
became a spike buck, and Old Bill be-
came Young Bill in actions. He
stampeded in mock fright on the slight-
est occasion, and once or twice he
bucked an imaginary rider from his
back. But always this was followed by
a period of reflection.

  Old John Little, with the spring of
youth in his step, swung aboard the
train. His vacation was over; he was
mighty glad he was going home.

  “I sort of wished I’d brought Old Bill
along,” he muttered. “I’ll be glad to
see the old cuss. A man can’t be around
a horse every day for fifteen years
straight and not miss him. I suppose a
horse might miss a man, too. I hope
they didn’t work him too hard this sum-
mer; he was prettv much all in when I
left.”

  As the train neared home, Old John’s

conscience prodded him slightly. The
right thing would have been to pasture
Bill somewhere for the summer, but he
had not thought of that until now.

  Eddie Hillman was at the train to
take his bags. “Hello, John,” he said.

  Others crowded about with greetings.
They thumped him on the back and said
he was looking great. Pie had not
acquired a coat of tan, for fifteen years
in the sun, delivering baggage, had
tanned him to an extent which no beach
resort could hope to improve.

  “Where’s Bill, Eddie?”

  Eddie grinned. “Bill's gone, John!”
  “Gone?”

  “Yep! Acted something scandalous
the day after you left, tried to kick the
daylights out of things and disappeared.
Danny couldn’t catch him. I guess Old
Bill figured he was due for a vacation,
too. Ain’t been seen around since.”

  “I guess he figured right. I should
have given him a vacation. Well, don’t
any one know where he is?”

  Eddie pointed to a notch in the moun-
tains. “There’s a meadow up there, if
you’ll remember. I saw Bill while I
was up there fishing. Tried to catch
him, but he was wild, and had to give
it up.”

  It was night before Old John reached
the mountains. He camped in a cabin
until dawn, then covered the last mile
to the meadow. It was sunrise when
he stopped and shed the saddle he was
carrying. A small windfall blocked his
path, so he rested his arms on the trunk
and looked across the meadow. There
was Bill eating contentedly. John whis-
tled sharply.

  “Hey, Bill!” he called.

  Bill lifted his head with a jerk, hesi-
tated a moment, then galloped across
the field. This was the thing he had
missed, the morning whistle, and what
came with it. John climbed the wind-
fall and dropped down on the other side.
Then he extended a handful of lump
sugar.
118

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

  “I’m not the same man, Bill, and
you’re not the same horse. You’re
looking great.”

  Old John glanced about the meadow.
“Talk about horse sense, I’m danged if
you didn’t use more of it than I did
when it come to picking a place for a

vacation. Next summer we're coming
up here together. A couple of people
that work together ought to play to-
gether, and you’re just like a person,
Bill.”

  All of which Bill confirmed with an
enthusiastic nod of his head.

BEAR TAIL MAKES BIG MEDICINE

nTHE most imposing figure in the Crow Indian tribe is unquestionably Bear

    Tail, the lone surviving medicine man of the Crow people, living on the
Crow reservation in Montana. He is held in great reverence by his fellow
redskins, especially by the older Indians of the Pryor district. Bear Tail’s
prestige in this quarter arises from an incident that occurred five years ago
when the Indians of Pryor Agency were planning an all-Indian rodeo. There
were two factions interested in the rodeo, and, of course, one of these factions
wanted to dominate the other and control the events. The faction to which
Bear Tail belonged was the weaker and failed to get the better of the various
arguments that arose. After the manner of other races when disgruntled, the
worsted faction decided to ruin the rodeo, rather than have it conducted in
accordance with the ideas of their adversaries.

    They therefore went into conclave with their medicine man, Bear Tail.
Although everything seemed ready on the morning of the day set for the big
show, Bear Tail came forward and warned the camp that there would be no
rodeo. The younger members of the tribe jeered at him and ridiculed his
prophecy.

    When it came near noon, and the active preparations for the rodeo became
manifest, Bear Tail went to his tepee, painted his face with weird designs in
brilliant colors, and covered his body with white clay. He then bade his squaw
cover with mud the entire body of his pony, with the exception of its eyes,
nose, mouth, and ears. He also warned her to make the tepee fast, as a great
storm was coming.

    His next move was to mount his pony and ride through the camp, carrying
his medicine staff and a willow whistle. He blew the whistle and chanted
incantations, accompanied by pleading gestures toward Heaven. It is stated on
good authority that, when Bear Tail left his tepee, the sun was high in the
heavens and that the sky was cloudless. Everything seemed favorable for the
rodeo. Within a quarter of an hour of the time the medicine-making on the
part of Bear Tail was inaugurated, however, gusts of wind were tearing at the
tepees, and in another five minutes, a gale was blowing. It blew harder and
harder until every tepee finally went down and the rain was falling in drenching
sheets. The rodeo did not take place, and as a result, Bear Tail acquired great
prestige as one having unusual influence with the gods who make wind and rain
and thunder, and control the destinies of rodeos.
                                t'H

Just a Cow Horse

  & Hay Humphreys

                Author of “Agent Oliver Learns Injun Lore,” etc.

“Silent Chick”
the Bear Creek
, roped a runty
;an mustang stal-
ed began to make
:law over into a
cow horse, the other ranchers of the
isolated district shrugged and shook
their heads sorrowfully.

  “Why,” said joe Myers, of the Three
Bar, “that pair o’ hard uns is just bound
to kill one another, that’s all. Silent,
he’s as heartless as a stone wall—glum,
sour, an’ mean—an' that runt stallion
has a bad eye his self, to my way o’
think in’.”

  “Yep,” said Floyd Penny regretfully,
“they’re a good match. But I’m bank-
in’ on the stallion. I mentioned to
Silent yesterday that he oughter look

out fer that blue roan, but Silent only
grunts, sayin’ he’ll break him all right
enough. I’m thinkin’ the stallion may
break Silent’s haid fust!”

  While Silent Breen was not particu-
larly popular in the district, because of
his taciturn demeanor, he was, never-
theless, an old-timer and a good cattle-
man. Therefore, he had the district’s
respect, if not love. His neighbors,
looking askance at the blue roan stal-
lion, had warned Silent in just the same
impersonal, spontaneous way in which
they might have warned a tenderfoot
of a coiled rattlesnake. It was simply
duty, in their minds.

  As for Silent—he said nothing.
Whenever any one chanced by his ranch
and stopped to say something deroga-
tory about the mustang stallion, old

 HEN
 Breen,
 rancher
 blue rc
 lion an

 thp nut
120

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

Silent merely grunted or else remarked
that the blue rcan ought to make a good
cow horse, being smart and quick. He
didn’t have any doubt but that he’d
eventually tame the little devil.

  “I guess he’s about right, at that,”
was the way Ralph Fairley eventually
summed it up. “Old Silent is heartless
enough to kill that pore boss, if neces-
sary, an’ when it comes to the devil in
a man and in a beast, I guess the two-
legged devil’ll win out!”

  It seemed so. Before many weeks
Silent began to ride the runty roan stal-
lion habitually, and the mustang ap-
peared to be thoroughly broken. The
range wiseacres shook their heads.

  “Guess a mean man can lick a mean
hoss,” they decided.

  But they were premature in their
judgment, it appeared. Some two
weeks later, “Thad” Salter rode by
Silent’s place and dropped into the
ranch shack, finding food burned to a
crisp on a stove in which the fire had
burned itself out. That was a bad sign.
When he went to the barn he found
two mares in their stalls, stamping and
fretting, and when he loosed them they
headed madly for the water tank.
That was another bad gign. Thad
looked around, put two and two to-
gether, and then ran his pinto two miles
to the Eddie Owens ranch, where he
spread a vague alarm.

  “Hey, Eddie—old Silent’s disap-
peared.” cried Thad, pulling his pinto
up in the Owens yard. “Reckon it was
yesterday, too. Signs at his place. I’ll
bet a dollar, I will, that he’s done fer,
by that roan stallion, somewheres on
the range!”

  “Then thar’s just one thing to Ho,”
said Eddie, making for the corrals.
“I’ll git my boys together—an’ we’ll go
by Frank Campbell’s place an’ rouse
him. Then we’ll spread out—but say,
Thad, better take a fresh hoss!”

  It was almost dusk before the hastily
assembled posse of searchers, after

hours in the saddle, came upon a
huddled form on the open range, in a
clearing just south of Squaw Mountain.
In fact they might have missed the spot
altogether had not the eagle eyes of
Thad Salter espied a saddled horse
there.

  On approach, the horse threw up its
head and snorted a challenge. It was
the runty blue roan mustang, and the
searchers knew that they had found
their man in the crumpled heap that
sprawled on the earth near the nervous
horse.

  “I knowed it,” said Eddie Owens
quietly. “I knowed it would happen;
that stallion has done fer him. Camp-
bell, yuh’re a good shot. I’m thinkin’
yuh’d better-”

  Campbell had already had the same
idea. He raised himself in his stirrups
and whipped out his six-gun, quick as
greased lightning. But the roan stal-
lion was quicker. There was a whir,
and the stallion, running stiff legged,
like a jack rabbit, ducked for a willow
patch. He swerved just as Campbell's
pistol cracked. There was no need for
Campbell to tell the others that he had
missed.

  With the stallion tearing off through
the timber, beyond range now, the men
dismounted to examine the body. But
they got a surprise. The old rancher
was still breathing. They pawed him
over quickly, taking inventory of his in-
juries.

  “One busted arm—forearm, left,”
said Eddie Owens expertly, “an’ two
or three ribs cracked at least. An’ bad
cuts an’ bruises on his haid, an’ ”—
Eddie ripped open Silent’s flannel shirt
—“the same on his chest an’ on his
shoulders.”

  “That stallion throwed him an’ then
stomped on him!” exclaimed Thad
Salter, in a hushed voice.

  “But he’s still livin’, boys,” said
Eddie, looking up. “He’s unconscious,
an’ I’d say he was bad oft*. Thar’s only
JUST A COW HORSE

121

one thing to do—rope him across the
back o’ the easiest pony we got here
an’ lug him into the hospital at Ever-
green, eh?”

  “Yuh’re right. Eddie!’*

  “All right. Ed, reckon that sorrel
mare o’ mine is ’lected. I’ll ride double

with young Geiger, an’-”

  On the way to Evergreen, where a
small hospital afforded Silent his one
chance for life, discussion centered on
the runty roan stallion and it was the
consensus that a bunch should be or-
ganized to go out and “get” the killer.

  “He's saddled an’ bridled,” said
Eddie Owens, “an’ he’s crazy wild in
the timber around Squaw Mountain. I
say let him be; he’ll hang hisself sure
as shootin’. His bridle or the saddle
will catch somewhars on a limb, an’ he’ll
die a harder death than ef he was shot
—good riddance—an’ we don’t need to
hunt him down, either!”

  While Eddie made his prophecy in
good faith, it turned out that he was
wrong. Silent Breen had been in the
hospital only a week, taciturn and un-
communicative as ever, but slowly
pulling out of the shadow of death,
when reports began to come in about
the blue stallion, and they were terrify-
ing reports, too.

  “I seen him on the mesa, about two
miles west o’ Bendemeer,” Bill White
told Eddie Owens, “an* he’s got rid o’
the saddle an’ most all o’ the bridle.
He’s loco, sure as I’m a foot high. I
seen him rush a bunch o’ cattle, charge
down on a young bull, an’ like to kill
him—kickin' an’ bitin’ at him. Then I
rode out, and he beat it pronto!”

  “A killer,” said Eddie judiciously.
“He ain’t loco ; he's just a killer. It’s
in his blood now that he almost done
fer Silent. Some outlaws are like that
—attackin’ man an’ beast without fear
or favor—an’ old Silent tried to gentle
that hoss. Well, we’ll have to go git
him, that’s all. We’ll lose cattle ef we
don’t!”

  However, nothing was done just then.
Tt was some two weeks after that that
young Geiger, who ran a bunch of white
faces on Cub Creek, a tributary to Bear
Creek, came racing into the Owens
ranch to report, more depredations by
the roan killer. Geiger was mad as he
could be.

  “We gotta organize a gang an’ go
hoss huntin’,” he told Eddie excitedly.
“That blue stallion o’ Silent’s is raising
the devil on the range. I went out to
see my stuff this mawnin’ an’ blamed ef
I don’t find one o’ my best yearlin’
steers stretched out daid an’ all kicked
an’ bit to pieces. I thinks it may have
been a duel with a strange bull, but
I looks fer sign an’ sure enough I find
it—it’s hoss sign; small, unshod hoof.
Ef I’m any judge, it’s the killer, the
blue roan stallion that liked to mur-
dered Silent.”

  “Guess yuh’re right,” said Eddie
slowly. “We’ll have to git busy.
Let’s see, to-day’s Friday. How about
startin’ a round-up Monday? That’ll
give us time to get the boys together.
Better tell ’em all to lead a change hoss,
too.”

  “'All right,” said Geiger.

  And so it was all arranged along Bear
Creek. The ranchers were notified by
courier that the district’s only recent
wild horse round-up would take place
the following Monday, object—to rid
the range of that runty roan stallion
that almost killed Silent Breen, and that
was actually slaughtering stock. While
many riders would have scoffed at the
idea of wasting time to get revenge on
the roan for injuring Breen, none of
them hesitated when it came to going
after a stock killer. It was really
money in their pockets to rid the range
of the killer.

  When Monday came it saw a deter-
mined group of riders ready for the
hunt. Every man had an extra horse,
some provisions, and a bed roll. Eddie
Owens was elected leader by acclama-
122

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

tion, and then some time was lost reach-
ing a decision as to where the roan stal-
lion might be looked for first. Some
were for combing the thickets on Squaw
Mountain; others were for sweeping
the Bendemeer Mesa, and still others
were for riding the low meadows along
the creek itself.

  “While I ain’t no fortune teller an’
able to say whar that roan is,” said
Eddie Owens finally, “I’m positive he
ain’t along Bear Creek. That’s whar
the ranches are, an’ from all we know
o’ the brute, he’s afraid o’ humans.
And I don’t think he’s in the timber,
neither. He’s rid o’ his saddle an’ like
as not he lost that in the timber after
a hard struggle—may have been hung
up a day or two, too. No, I’d say look
first on the Bendemeer Mesa. That’s
my vote, boys!”

  Eddie’s vote carried. But at night,
after hard riding and running down
everything that looked, at a distance,
like the stallion, the searchers re-
luctantly turned their tired mounts of
the day loose, to pick their way home.
They’d use the spare horses on the mor-
row and hope to find the roan. They’d
be out of rations the second evening,
and that meant the hunt would have to
be called off for the time being. The
roan seemed to have vanished off the
face of the earth. He was not on the
mesa and he was not in the rich
meadows along the tumbling Bear
Creek.

  “Waal,” said Eddie, at the start of
the second day’s ride, “we’ll make
Squaw Mountain. Campbell, you strike
fer the south slope an’ work to the
west. The boys with me will work the
north slope an’ go east. That way we’ll
cover her. Ef you sight ’im—fire a
volley as signal, an’ we’ll do the same.
An’ look;, fer tracks—that might lead us
right!”

  But the hunt ended the second day
without a glimpse of the roan. The
cowmen went home discouraged.

  For a full month nothing was heard
of the roan. The ranchers began to be-
lieve that he had, at last, hung himself
by the remnants of his bridle, in the
timber, or else that he had left the
range.

  Meanwhile, in the Evergreen hos-
pital, old Silent Breen had won his fight
for life and was rapidly convalescing.
But he was as reticent as ever, and, out-
side of being evidently grateful for any
attention on the part of doctors or
nurses, had nothing to say. A few of
the ranchers from the Bear Creek dis-
trict visited him, but they were received
so coolly that they went away quickly,
without mentioning the roan stallion at
all. They were afraid to bring up that
subject.

  Then, out of a clear sky, the roan
popped up again. He was seen chasing
cattle on Squaw Mountain, and the
ranchers immediately laid plans for an-
other hunt. The plans were rushed par-
ticularly after Thad Salter, who had
been doing considerable snooping
around on his own hook, had brought
in word that the stallion had made his
headquarters in Cup Canon, a blind
arroyo several miles south of Squaw
Mountain. The first hunt had not ex-
tended that far.

  Owens, at this news, announced that
the new hunt would first beat Squaw
Mountain, to scare the crafty mustang
to his retreat, if he were on the moun-
tain, and that then the avengers would
push into Cup Canon, bottling him up
and riding him down until a bullet could
end his career.

  “We’ll make it Wednesday,” said
Owens, “so all the boys can be notified.
No spare hosses this time—just a short,
fast sweep over Squaw Mountain, and
then into Cup Canon. Everybody meet
here early Wednesday mornin’. Start
at eight o’clock!”

  When Wednesday came it found a
goodly bunch of riders at Eddie Owens’,
and the start was made promptly at
JUST A COW HORSE

123

eight o'clock, although not all of the
ranchers had come in by that time.
With instructions to the cook to send
all tardy ones after the main group,
Owens pulled out and made fast time
with his cavalcade to Squaw Mountain.
Then, with much shouting and the oc-
casional pop of a rifle or report of a
six-gun, the riders rolled up and over
the densely wooded mountain, hoping
that the roan, if he were in the timber,
was streaking it for his hide-out in Cup
Canon.

  Whether it was fate that made Floyd
Penny late for the rendezvous at
Owens’, is problematical. But he was
late. The ranch cook obeying instruc-
tions, told Floyd that Owens had said
to follow after, and Floyd wheeled and
was off. But he decided that by cut-
ting down the valley road, past Silent’s
ranch, he could make better time and
save several miles of riding. He took
the short cut, and, much to his surprise,
came upon old Silent leaning on the
gate at his place. Floyd pulled up,
more to give his horse a breathing spell
than to talk to Silent.

  “ ’Lo, Si,” greeted Floyd, “glad to
see yuh back. Didn’t figger yuh’d be
up so soon. Feel all right now?”

  “Tolerable,” replied Silent. “Got
back yisterday. Yuh seem to be in a
big hurry.”

  “Pm late fer that posse o' Eddie
Owens’.” said Floyd, before he thought.
“Pm cuttin’ in now to beat ’em over
Squaw an’ meet ’em at Cup Canon.”

  “Posse?” echoed old Silent eagerly.
“Who they trackin’?”

  The rancher bit his lip, realizing he
had let the cat out of the bag, but he
decided to enlighten the old man—see-
ing there was no reason to believe that
.Silent wouldn't be pleased at the news.

  “Why, ain’t yuh heard,” countered
Floyd, “they’re—we’re huntin’ down
that roan stallion that liked to have did
fer yuh. He’s been killin’ stock. We
got him located now.”

  “Huh!”

  “Gotta be goin’.” said Floyd uneasily.
“S’long!”

  And 011 his ride Penny grunted to
himself. “01’ codger wasn’t much ex-
cited about it, one way or another.
Waal, he’s a heartless ol’ devil. Mebbe
I don’t blame that roan fer tryin’ to kill
him—mebbe-’ ’

  But no sooner had Penny disappeared
down the road than old Silent, although
weak and shaky from his long stay in
bed, galvanized into action. He rushed
to the barn, ignoring the questions of
the hired man who had tended the ranch
in his absence, and there saddled up one
of the ranch mares. Fie was mounted
and off in a minute, but he did not fol-
low Penny. Instead, he forced the
mare through the creek, and the last the
hired man saw of them they were dis-
appearing in the timber beyond. Silent
knew he had no time to lose if he were
to be on the hunt, and he also knew a
shorter cut to Squaw Mountain than
Penny’s route.

  Meanwhile, the ranchers and the
cowboys with Owens had combed
Squaw Mountain quickly and boister-
ously. On the far slope they halted to
rest their horses before plunging into
Cup Canon. The men dismounted,
loosed saddle girths, and lounged
around, resting. At Owens’ suggestion
they lingered so that any stragglers
might catch up with them there.

  “We got the killer bottled in thar,”
said Owens positively. “I’ve got a
strong hunch on that—but that ain’t
sayin’ we can keep him thar long
enough to shoot ’im. He’s a shrewd
devil, that stallion is. -He’s got hidin’
down to a fine art. But my plan to git
him is this: Frank Campbell here, who
is the best shot among us, he’ll wait here
at the mouth o’ the canon—ready to let
go with his rifle. The rest o’ us will go
in, hopin’ to see that roan. Ef we do,
we'll shoot—ef we don’t, an’ the wily
mustang doubles back on us or sneaks
124

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

through our cordon, then Frank will
pick him off here as he tries to dodge
out.”

  “Good ideal*, Eddie!’’

  “That way we can’t miss gettin’
him!”

  As the posse was mounting, prepara-
tory to going in, several late comers
arrived, including Floyd Penny. The
latter told of seeing old Silent Breen at
the Breen place as he passed. Penny
did not add that he had stopped to talk
with the old man, and no one in the
posse thought of asking. At Eddie
Owens’ command the horsemen rode in-
to the canon, leaving Frank Campbell
posted some fifty yards inside the
entrance, rifle alert, ready to pick off
the blue roan if he chanced to break
back for liberty.

  As Cup Canon was some four miles
in length, varying in width from a hun-
dred and fifty feet to a quarter of a
mile, all densely forested, except for
the tiny glacial stream that sifted down
its center, the place was an excellent
hide-out for any animal. Campbell, on
guard at the entrance, did not doubt but
that the smart outlaw, dodging the
riders, might at any moment burst into
view, headed out of the canon. It was
for this reason that Campbell stood
tense, ready to shoot at a moment’s
warning. It would be everlasting dis-
grace for him if he allowed the blue
roan to breeze past him to safety.

  As Campbell waited, however, and
no sound came from the depths of the
canon but the shouting of the riders
who had gone in, he gradually relaxed,
realizing that the stallion must be ahead
of the beaters, or he would have made
a rush for the mouth of the canon be-
fore this. A half hour passed, and
Campbell figured that Owens and his
men must be practically halfway along
the blind canon. Half an hour more,
and they would surely reach the high
cliff barrier at the head of the canon.
There, most likely they would find the

outlaw stallion at bay, with 110 chance
to escape his fate.

  Suddenly, as Campbell waited, eyes
fixed on the canon mouth, he heard a
sound behind him. It was ridiculous to
think that the stallion could have
circled, but Campbell shot a quick look
over his shoulder, to gasp in amaze-
ment. What he saw was not the runty
roan stallion, but a white-faced old man
on a big bay mare.

  It was old Silent Breen, looking like
his own ghost. Campbell turned back
to watch for the stallion, and Silent
dropped off his mare and staggered up
to Campbell, who greeted him cheerily.

  “Got ’im yit?” asked Silent. Camp-
bell shook his head. “No—not yit,” the
rifleman answered. “Apparently the
boys ain’t flushed him out yit, but most

any minnit now, I reckon-”

  Campbell broke off abruptly as the
sounds of thundering hoofs echoed up
the narrow canon. He gripped his rifle
tighter.

  “Now,” he whispered, “that must be

him—now-”

  Then old Silent Breen did a strange
thing. He grnbbed for Campbell’s
poised rifle and seemed about to wrench
it from the rancher’s hands.

  “Here, Campbell,” he cried excitedly,
“lemme have it. I say—lemme have

the rifle. I gotta-”

  Campbell took one look at the old
man’s white face and then, recollecting
that Breen was noted as a dead shot,
surrendered.

  “Sure, I get yuh, Silent,” said Camp-
bell. “Yuh want the revenge, eh?
Waal, yuh can have it. Take the gun
—but be sure yuh put a bullet home.
Be quick. He’ll come roarin’ out o’
that patch o’ brush like a cyclone.
Shoot low an’ ahead o’ him.”

  Crash! Out of the timber, just as
Campbell had predicted, catapulted a
runty blue mustang. He brought up
with a jerk at the unexpected sight of
the two men bottling the canon’s
JUST A COW HORSE

125

entrance, but old Silent Breen was as
quick as the stallion.

  ‘'Here, Bluey—here, boy!” shrilly
called the old man. advancing toward
the quivering animal. “Here yuh are,
Bluey. Don't yuh know me, boy?
Here, here now. That’s a boy. Nice
boy, nice ol’ feller, nice ol‘ Bluey.”

  The stallion, snorting suspiciously,
seemed torn between opposite emotions.
His instinct told him to wheel and run
for it, but his heart urged him to delay.
There was something familiar in the
figure approaching him. something
familiar in the voice.

  “Nice ol’ Bluey—nice boy,” wheedled
the old man, advancing cautiously,
while Campbell watched in dismay.
“Nice feller—that's it, boy, stand still.
Bluey, don’t yuh know me: Good ol’
Bluey, nice Bluey, here, Bluey-”

  The stallion snorted and started to
rear back.

  “Look out, Silent!” cried Campbell,
“lie's a-plannin’ to strike at yuh. Use
that rifle; yuh’re close enough. Pot
him.”

  But for answer Silent dropped the
rifle.

  “Gosh!” cried Campbell, jerking out
his six-gun.

  He raised it—and just as he pulled
the trigger old Silent, seeing Campbell's
moves from the corner of one eye,
plunged in front of the trembling stal-
lion. There was a needlelike stab in
Silent’s left shoulder, and he was
whirled half around. But he staggered
on, whispering soothingly to the fright-
ened horse that seemed on the verge of
bolting. The next minute he had his
arms around the blue roan’s neck and
was clinging there.

  “Don’t shoot. Campbell!” he cried
weakly. “This is my hoss—mine—mine
—an’ nobody can harm him now!"

  And while Campbell stood, open-
mouthed, gaping at the strange sight be-
fore him, the echo of his shot had re-
called the riders from down the canon.

The noise of their coming alarmed the
nervous stallion, but old Silent clung to
his neck desperately.

  “Thar, thar, Bluey, stand still. No-
buddy is goin’ to hurt yuh. Pore fel-
ler, nice Bluey,” soothed Silent.

  And when the gang arrived, fully ex-
pecting to see the blue roan stretched
out in death, they tumbled off their
horses in astonishment as great as was
Campbell’s. There, on the fringe of the
woods, quivered the runt stallion, and
hanging to him, with a wounded shoul-
der, was old Silent Breen.

  The posse passed from awe to dis-
gust.

  “See here, Silent, yuh ol’ fool!” chal-
lenged Eddie Owens. “What do yuh
think yuh’re doin’—trying to commit
suicide ?

  “That stallion Is a killer; he’s been
killin' stock on the ranges—killin’ cattle
—an’ he nigh kilt yuh.”

  “Nigh kilt me?” echoed old Silent
weakly but determinedly. “That’s a
lie! Mebbe yuh think he did it, but he
didn't. That day I was hurt—Bluey
an’ me here was rushed by a bull—
which knocked Bluey down an’ sent me
sprawlin’. Afore I could git up the bull
was on me—stompin’ me down. But
Bluey here—he’s got courage. He
scrambled up an’ charged, plantin’ kicks
on that bull’s ribs an’ haid, savin’ me.
The bull turned on Bluey, but Bluey
was too quick. Las’ I remember, Bluey
was standin’ guard over me an’ the bull
was circlin’, still mad, but scared. It
was Bluey saved me, gents, before yuh
found me on the mesa that day. Yes,
sir!”

  The ranchers’ eyes popped.

  “'Huh—but—but he’s nipped yuh
now, Silent,” cried Eddie Owens.
“Yuhr shoulder-”

  “No.” interposed Frank Campbell,
who had regained his power of speech.
“I did that, Eddie. I shot Silent.
Afore I understood, I shot at the mus-
tang an’ Silent leaped in front to save
126

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

’im. I didn’t know how matters were.
I’m plumb sorry.”

  “Well, I’ll be jiggered!” roared
Owens, laughing in his nervousness.
“Ef this don’t beat all! Guess we all
misjudged that pony; guess we'll have
to pardon him fer killin’ bulls an’ steers
after what that bull did to yuh an’ tried
to do to him. An’—an’—guess we all
misjudged vuh, Silent, thinkin’ yuh was

mean an' heartless just because yuh
didn’t say much. No mean man could
gentle a range stallion like yuh’ve broke
this roan, an’ no heartless man would
’a’ jumped in front o’ a six-gun to save
a hoss like yuh did. Silent, yuh’ll par-
don us?”

  “Pardoned!” said the old man, smil-
ing, as he sunk his tired head against
the throbbing throat of the blue roan.

WEALTHY INDIAN SPENDTHRIFTS

AN instance of what the wealthy Indians are apt to do with the sudden riches
that have come to them of late years from oil leases, is furnished by the
case of an Osage Indian woman who was released from Government guardianship
a little over eighteen months ago and allowed to handle her own affairs. Her
average annual income from oil royalties and bonuses is twelve thousand dollars.
When she was released from government control, all the restricted funds held
to her credit with the exception of the sum of $3,819 were turned over to her.

    A little while ago, she applied to the department of the interior for this
$3,819. At the same time, she filed a statement showing how she had spent
the rest of her money.

    This statement showed that she had expended $1,200 for a fur coat, $3,000
for a diamond ring, $5,000 for an automobile. $7,000 for furniture, $3,100
to pay loans which she had obtained from her mother and sister, $600 for
shipping furniture from Florida to California, $1,500 loaned to her sister, $4,000
as cash payment for a California home, $2,500 for a lot, and $12,000 put
into Florida real estate. The balance of her money was spent for such general
items as clothing, traveling expenses, income taxes, and gifts to her people.
Kenneth Gilbert

    Author of‘‘'Half-a-Step Onwardetc.

ON,” said old Zeb Prentiss
to his younger partner,
Tom Slade, “I’m tellin*
you that I’ve spent forty
years off and on, in the
desert, and I’m learnin'
somethin’ new every day. But one thing
I learned early, and I reckon it’ll always
stay by me. The desert gives you one
chance, and if you're honest and fight
squar’ like a man should, you’ll likely
win. But this little old waste of burned
sand, which has alius seemed to me like
some sleepin’ varmint that’s ready to
rouse up and bite you unaware, hasn’t
one inch of space to spare for a man
that’s weak, physically or morally.”
The valley through which they were
plodding was a deep, elongated hole in
the earth, perhaps a mile wide and sev-
eral miles long. Just now it was burn-
ing dry with the drought that had
gripped the land for several weeks. In
the distance were the cool, snow-cov-

ered peaks of the Little Lost River
Range, and the sight of them was a
mockery to any thirsty traveler.

  Outwardly Prentiss and Slade were
unlike, and a shrewd judge of human
nature would have guessed that the dis-
similarity went deeper. At this mo-
ment, it was more marked than ever.
Zeb Prentiss was an old desert rat,
gaunt, stooped, his whiskers bleached
by many suns almost to the neutral hue
of the desert itself. Yet his squinting
blue eyes were mild and trusting, and
his voice was pitched in a companion-
able key.

  Slade was slender, dark, and impa-
tient of movement. He was given to
scowling much, particularly while old
Zeb babbled on in his garrulous fashion
—it was as though some weighty
problem had fastened to him. Prentiss
had by chance met Slade at Cinnabar
and, lonely for a partner, had prevailed
upon the younger man to go on this
128

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

prospecting trip. Slade scoffed at first,
but later became interested.

  Old Zeb had made good. They had
found gold; not much, it is true—per-
haps fifteen thousand dollars’ worth—
yet it was more than Slade had ever
seen before, much less possessed. When
the old man, with a skill born of long
experience, had located “color,” Slade
excitedly believed they were going to
become rich. Yet the find had proved
to be only a pocket. The discovery
made Slade sulky; he felt, somehow,
that Zeb was at fault. And when the
old man proposed that they “hit for
town” and enjoy their new-found
wealth while it lasted, after the fashion
of the true desert rat, Slade’s irritation
turned to anger. He wanted to stay out
in these hills and seek more gold, but
old Zeb, to whom the search for the
precious metal counted for more than
the actual finding, was satisfied for the
time being. Slade finally agreed to re-
turn to Cinnabar, particularly when it
was pointed out to him that they need-
ed grub, and that they couldn’t continue
for long to “live off the country” by-
shooting game.

  Even now, as they made their way
across this last hot valley, they had
but a few mouthfuls of food between
them. Each cafried a canteen, covered
with brown canvas into which was
ground alkali dust until the cloth had
become a tawny color. The clothing of
both men was powdered with the stuff.

  Slade was no prospector, anyway, and
a month of it in the hills had served to
put an edge on his temper, until he had
moods that were positively murderous.
At this moment, with old Zeb leading
—Slade did not know the trail—the
aged prospector’s bent back seemed a
temptation. Slade allowed his mind to
run free in conjecture as to what would
happen if he should take advantage of
this opportunity. Inside old Zeb’s shirt
was the other half of that gold. And
he, Slade, had the only rifle. Could he

make a convincing explanation to the
people back in Cinnabar as to the reason
why this old prospector hadn’t come
back ? A fall over a cliff might prove a
plausible story. But he couldn’t afford
to display the gold. That would arouse
suspicion. He’d merely have to say that
they had failed, and that old Zeb had
accidentally met death.

  Yet the thought made him shudder.
If there was only some other way!
Maybe he could rob the old man and
set him afoot. The difficulty with that
plan, however, lay in the fact that he,
Slade, didn’t know the trail. Xo, there
was only one way out, if he didn’t want
Prentiss to keep the gold. He plodded
on, still immersed in his thoughts.

  A strange old geezer, this Prentiss.
He had spent most of his life in these
same hills and made pets of wild ani-
mals. What good would money do him,
anyway? He’d be just as happy if he
were broke. No one would really miss
him if he never came back to Cinnabar.

  The trail led past a promontory which
overhung the valley. Here the rocks,
of harder substance, had resisted the
erosion that had gouged out this valley
which had been the course of a long-
vanished stream. From the floor of the
valley to the top of the promontory was
all of two hundred feet. Although its
scored sides were rough with fallen
rock, on the top of the promontory were
clumps of sagebrush, now white with
the alkali dust that had sifted over
everything.

  “Yes, sir, son,” said old Zeb. “She’s
one hot day. I’m goin’ to set me down
for a little spell and rest. We’ll make
t’other end of the valley before sun-
down, and it’s just as well not to go
hazin’ along too fast in this here heat.”

  He seated himself on a rock, wiped
his damp brow, and took a sip of water
from his canteen. Then he calmly
pulled out his pipe, filled it with tobacco
which he whittled from a plug, and
lighted it. Only a desert rat who has
TEETH OF THE DESERT

129

become inured to the terrific heat of the
sand waste?, and who has literally be-
come sun-cured, could have enjoyed it,
as old Zei did. Slade swore a little
under his breath, and took a heavy pull
of water from his canteen. His moodi-
ness had settled upon him like a cloud.

  “Yes. sir, she’s shore a hot country,
son." resumed the old man happily, rub-
bing- the back of his brown, gnarled
hand across his forehead. “Looks jest
the same a? it did when I come here
nigh onto twenty year ago. Don’t
char.ee much, does the desert. Sand
shifts around a little, but, all in all, it
looks jest the same.

  "I used to have a shack back there
in the hills—there’s good water there,
but it's out of our way. It got too lone-
some tor me. Guess if I hadn’t got
tire : : f it I wouldn’t have come out to
civilization, and I wouldn't have run
across you. eh?”

  “3ue=s not," said Slade shortly. He
was thinking of something else just
them his fingers rubbing aimlessly
aeamst the barrel of the rifle, which lay
acr -5 his lap. Old Zeb babbled on, yet
n: v arte then he shot a curious, side-
1 elance at his companion.

  "Left there about two }rears ago. I
hah bts of pets in my time—reckon
I’ve toli you about some of them. I
tamed one of these here little desert
wolves, or thought I did. Anyway, I
rai;e i her from a pup, and she’d hang
around the place pretty close, waitin’ for
me to feed her. I reckon she’s gone
back plumb wild by now. Yes, sir. the
desert is shore a funny place, and it’s
got a way of testin’ a man.”

  He broke oft and wras silent, and
Slade turned to regard him with mild
interest. But the old man was staring
up at the lip of the promontory. He
chuckled a little.

  “I jest caught sight of a wolf or
somethin’ up there,” he announced.
“You wouldn’t think, now, that a wolf
would come down out of the hills this

far, would you? And in daytime, too.
Maybe they prowl down in the valley
at night. There must be suthin’ that
lives in this God-forsaken spot.” • He
was thoughtful for a moment; then
gave a sharp exclamation.

  “By gravy! I wonder if it could
have been that there little wolf I tamed?
Tom-”

  But Slade did not hear. Without ris-
ing he threw up the rifle and fired.

  “I saw it!” he exclaimed. “Right up
there by that clump of sagebrush along-
side that rock. Got it, too, I’ll bet!”
Old Zeb was regarding him with a hurt
expression in his old blue eyes.

  “But why’d you want to shoot,
Tom?” he demanded. “That there lit-
tle animal—whatever it was—wouldn’t
do you any harm!”

  Slade turned on him.

  “What d’you know about it?” he de-
manded. “I’ll shoot every varmint I
see. Don’t need any advice from an old
desert rat, either!”

  For a moment, he regarded old Zeb
truculently. The aged prospector did
not move, but his blue eyes held those
of the other man without flinching. It
was Slade himself who broke the spell.
Whatever thought ran through his
mind as he stood there gripping the
rifle—well, it was not the time.

  “I’m goin’ up there and see if I can
find it,” he decided.

  Old Zeb watched him go, saw him
climb slowly over the rock slide toward
the clump of sagebrush at the summit
of the cliff. It was a heart-breaking task
in this heat, but evidently Slade’s cu-
riosity was aroused. Now and then he
paused to rest, breathing heavily, for
the climb was a steep one. At last he
reached the top, and looked around
carefully.

  “Hit it, all right!” he called down
triumphantly to old Zeb. “There’s
blood here.” The old man said noth-
ing.

  He saw Slade seat himself, slip the
130

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

canteen strap off his arm, and tilt the
container to his lips for a long drink.
The old man’s eyes returned to the
dancing haze over the hot sands ahead,
while he continued to smoke quietly.
After a time, he heard Slade come
scrambling down the cliffside. Without
a word, the prospector got up, and once
more led the way toward the coolness
of the distant hills.

  They stopped to rest once more after
a mile and a half of it and then went
on. The sun was near the western
horizon now, and the heat had a still,
breathless intensity that almost cooked
Slade’s lungs. Old Zeb, plodding along
the same as ever, seemed not to mind.
He heard Slade swear, and stop.

  “Gimme a drink!” said the man
hoarsely. “I've lost my canteen some
place. Of all the crazy things I ever

did in my life-” Old Zeb handed

over his canteen, yet retained his hold
on the strap.

  “Easy, son!” he cautioned, as Slade
gurgled with the neck of the container
at his lips. “That just leaves us about
out of water, if we find that the spring
I’m dependin’ on up ahead has dried
up.” He removed the canteen from
Slade’s lips while it was 'yet half full.

  Old Zeb found that his fears were
justified. When darkness had come,
and they had reached the point in the
hills where he had planned to stay until
daylight, the depression among rocks
at the base of a little cliff was utterly
dry; the sediment in the bottom of the
bowl where the spring had been was
covered with mud, seamed by weeks of
drought. There was nothing to do but
make a dry camp, build a fire, and con-
sume the last few mouthfuls of food,
with sparing sips from the canteen.

  The change which old Zeb seemed to
have undergone, persisted. Now and
then, as he sat smoking by the fire, his
eyes covertly strayed to where his part-
ner, moody and preoccupied, sat
hunched on a rock.

  Slade was the first to turn in that
night. The stress of that long jaunt
across the burning valley had tired him
immeasurably, so he rolled in his blan-
kets and with the rifle beside him,
quickly lost himself in slumber. For
a long time Zeb sat there smoking, star-
ing unseeingly into the dying fire.

  The chill which marks the usual des-
ert night became more noticeable. A
honey-colored moon rose over the hills,
turning the clumps of sagebrush to
filigrees of dusted silver, and the brush
rattled loosely in a light, intermittent
breeze. A night bird, some desert owl,
perhaps, moved on hushed wings along
the face of a hill, then veered sharply,
and struck at something crouching at
the edge of a thicket. Instantly there
was a shrill, wavering cry that sent the
echoes chasing up and down the dry
canons.

  Slade moved restlessly. Suddenly, he
sat up and looked around. The fire was
out, but on the opposite side of where
it had been, he could see the indistinct
outlines of a form huddled in a blanket.

  He regarded it curiously for a long
time, without moving or making a
sound. All at once he began to move
stealthily. He got to his knees, and
possessed himself of the rifle. Then he
deliberately lifted the weapon, pointing
it at that huddled form. Its loud, clap-
ping report, following a streak of red-
dish-yellow flame that spurted from the
muzzle, seemed a profanation of the
profound silence. Again and again he
shot.

  He could see the form flinch as the
bullets struck it. At last he jumped to
his feet, sprang over, and kicked at’the
huddled thing beneath the blankets.

  It collapsed oddly, with a loose rat-
■ t’.e. He stooped and tore the blanket
apart. Beneath it was a small pile of
greasewood sticks which had been
propped up carefully so that outwardly
it had the semblance of a sleeping form.
T ricked!
TEETH OF THE DESERT

131

  For a moment Slade stood there, rifle
in hand, snarling like some cornered
wild beast. There was fear in his eyes
now, and desperation. Somewhere out
there in the brush, hiding and watching
him no doubt, was the old man he had
intended to kill. Old Zeb carried a six-
gun in an armpit holster, Slade knew.
At that moment the old man might be
drawing a bead on him to avenge the at-
tempted murder.

  Whirling, Slade leaped for the sage-
brush and went crashing through it,
running as though for his life.

  A few moments later the darkness
resolved itself into a form which crept
cautiously to where the fire had been.
Old Zeb retrieved the blanket and poked
his fingers in curiosity through the holes
which the bullets had made. He shook
his head sorrowfully.

  “Plumb crazy,” he decided. “I could
see it in his eyes. Darned lucky thing
for me that I did, too!”

  Fie rolled up the blanket, and felt
around in the darkness for his outfit,
not daring to strike a match, although it
was a certaintv that Slade was far away
by that time and probably still going.
His fingers rubbed the familiar form of
his canteen.

  He took out the stopper, after shak-
ing the container and hearing a satis-
fying gurgle, and held the neck to his
lips. But he put it down without tast-
ing it.

  “Nope,” he decided, “I ain’t as thirsty
right now as I’m goin’ to be. Tommy
Slade’s goin’ to need a drink of water,
too, before he gets through with this.
He’s a cussed, low-down, would-be
killer, but I never left a pard behind yet.
I may kill him when I find him, but I
gotta find him first. Reckon he’ll know
what I was talkin’ about when I said
this here old desert would bite him if he
didn’t shoot squar’.”

  He moved into the brush a little apart
from the place where they had camped,
and remained there until daylight. With

the first glimmer of dawn he was oft,
easily trailing Slade in the loose sand.

  Midday’s sun was blazing down
fiercely when Slade came to the con-
clusion that he was lost. In his heart
he knew that he had been lost for some
time; but, stubbornly, he would not
admit it. Somehow, some way, he’d
beat this game, find a trail that led out
of these accursed hills. Fie still carried
the rifle, but he was burning up for a
drink of water.

   Probably old Zeb was trailing him.
seeking revenge. That, for one thing,
kept him moving, although his muscles
ached with the torture of steady plod-
ding through the hot, lifeless sand, and
his throat and lips were cracking from
lack of moisture. His tongue was
already beginning to swell.

  What a fool he’d been not to grab
old Zeb’s canteen before he made that
wild flight from the camp! He could
go hungry, but he couldn’t go much
longer without water. And what a fool
he’d been to lose his canteen the previ-
ous day!

  The thought brought him up short
for a moment. He remembered now
where that canteen was; strange he
hadn’t recalled it before. W'hen he had
climbed to the top of the cliff to see
what he had shot, he had lifted the strap
from his shoulder and taken a drink,
laying the canteen alongside the rock he
was sitting on. There it was still lying,
beyond question!

   Probably it was the only water within
miles; his only chance for life, for he
could not keep going much longer with-
out a drink. There were not more than
a few good swallows of water left in
it, but they were more precious than all
the gold in these hills. He must find
the canteen!

   But first he’d have to find that cliff
up which he had climbed. At the mo-
ment he stood at the bottom of a wide,
sandy gully, which might lead to the
132

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

valley up which he and old Zeb had
had come the previous day. Where
Zeb was at that particular instant was
unimportant; Slade was concerned sole-
ly with making a fight against death by
thirst. He started down the gully, hop-
ing that it would widen out into the
great depression in the earth which he
sought.

  Half an hour of patient trudging, and
he found that it did indeed do that very
thing. The whole country hereabout
was vastly strange to him, but he was
certain that the plain before him was
the valley. Far off to the left, a good
two miles, was a promontory which
looked familiar. He’d have to chance it,
anyway. If he could make it that far,
he’d recover the canteen.

  As he plodded on, the sun smote him
with renewed force, and he felt him-
self growing light-headed. He felt as
though he were almost floating in air;
as though his feet were barely touch-
ing the earth. Then this was replaced
by the feeling that his feet were
weighted with lead. Once he staggered
and fell but came up again, the startled
light of fear in his eyes. Couldn’t afford
to fall. He might stay down, and
very quickly the sun would “get” him.

  Ages passed, and at last he was quite
sure that the promontory was but a
short distance away. Yet it might be
an illusive trick that his eyes, almost
blinded by the glare and heat, were play-
ing upon him. Fie stopped and tried to
concentrate his faculties, clear his
rapidly fogging brain. Yes, the prom-
ontory wasn’t far now. And how
good that water would taste!

  Hot! W7hat was it that babbling
old fool. Prentiss, had said about the
desert having teeth? Slade laughed
wildly at the thought. It was a good
joke. Yes, the desert had teeth, all
right! It was showing those same teeth
at him now. But he’d live to laugh at
them'!

  He stopped again, reeling, yet know-

'ing that he stood at the very foot of
the promontory, almost in the exact
spot where he and old Zeb had paused
the previous day. It was harder to con-
centrate on the work ahead of him
now; somehow he felt as though his
brain was slowly melting. His eyes
roved to the summit of the cliff, the goal
he would have to attain. He could see
the place to which he had climbed; the
same clump of sagebrush. And, then,
it seemed, he saw something more; a
thing which made him gasp with sud-
den fear.

  The wolf at which he had shot! The
animal old Zeb had talked about. There
wasn’t one chance in ten thousand it
could be the same—yet somehow he
knew that it was. He had wounded her
the previous day, so that she had
dragged herself off to die; of that he
was quite sure, yet here she was back
again, to haunt him! Just the gray
shade of her there at the edge of the
sagebrush, hiding. But it seemed to his
disordered mind that he could see her
head, grinning at him.

  Or was it old Zeb himself? The hat
of the old prospector, just showing
where he lay hidden, waiting for Slade
to approach? The man croaked hys-
terical defiance and raised his gun
which, despite his delirium, he had not
thrown away. He’d have to take no
chances; one shot must do the trick. He
centered all his faculties on the effort,
steadying himself with a momentary
rally of will power. The rifle spoke, and
Slade tried to cheer. For he knew he
hadn’t missed!

  He cast the gun from him' then,
knowing that he’d need every ounce of
unhampered strength to make the
climb, and began to work slowly up the
rock slide. Every step was torture, but
the thought that held him to it was that
up there lay life—precious water that
would clear his brain, save him from
madness.

  Yet it was slow work, painfully slow.
TEETH OF THE DESERT

133

Inch by inch he crept slowly upward,
pausing now and then to gather fresh
strength.

  He made it at last, as a man will bat-
tle to the end to maintain life. The
last rock was passed, and the ground
leveled out. He lay there gasping for
a full minute before he could rally long
enough to search for the canteen. Gone
was all thought of the wolf, even of old
Zeb himself. He croaked in triumph
as he came on it, beside the sagebrush
clump.

  Tremblingly his fingers fumbled with
the stopper, and at last it came free. He
could hardly contain himself as he
canted it to his lips. But no water
came. Desperately he sucked at the
mouth of the container ; then, as the
realization came to him that the canteen
was dry, he expended his last effort in
hurling the deceitful thing from him.
Yet it was a weak effort. The canteen
rattled hollowly against the rocks a bare
ten feet away. But Slade did not hear
it. His head had dropped to his arms,
and he lay very still. The teeth of the
desert had bitten deeply at last.

  Shadows of the peaks were length-
ened out when Zeb Prentiss, follow-
ing a twisting trail in the sand, reached
the foot of the promontory. Whatever
the mood of the old man when he had
set out to overtake his fleeing partner, it
was mild enough now. The tracks made
by Slade told their own story to old
Zeb, wise in the ways of the desert.

He had hurried faster, hoping that he
could be in time, for he still had water
with him, and he knew that Slade had
none.

  Yet when he saw the discarded rifle
lying in the sand at the foot of the cliff,
he knew that he had been too late.
Would-be murderer though Slade was,
and deserving of no sympathy, never-
theless to the old man he was a partner
who had been merely led astray by his
own cupidity. A greenhorn in the des-
ert, too, was enough to evoke con-
sideration. The gun lying there, and
the tracks leading to the rock slide—
these things spelled tragedy to the blue
eyes of old Zeb Prentiss.

  Slowly he climbed the cliff, reaching
the top just as the sun went down in
a blaze of glory behind the distant hills.
Intuition told him what he would find,
yet his eyes did open in surprise at sight
of the canteen. So here was the place
Slade had left it, and, remembering,
had come back to get it. Caked with
alkali dust as it was, it was the color
of a bleached-out hat—or the coat of a
small desert wolf. Zeb turned the thing
in his hands, and then part of the mys-
tery came to him; but the real explana-
tion, as seen through the eyes of the
crazed Slade, he would never know.

  “Plumb crazy he was at the last,”
remarked the old man softly. “He done
threw away his only chance for life.”
He turned the canteen again, until he
saw through the bottom of it the jagged
hole made by Slade’s rifle bullet.
^ T\ Pi EMBER ^10w we Sot talkin’

I y I 'bout crows not so very many
evenin’s ago? Well, here is
A. V. St. John, of Elmira, New York,
who’s got some mighty interestin’ dope
on them old black caw, caws:

  “Boss and Folks of the Round-up :
I am a regular reader of the Western
Story Magazine, though not a sub-
scriber, and while reading the latest is-
sue this evening, made the discovery
that I have been missing a lot of good
stuff by not always reading the Round-
up, and I want to plead guilty, beg for-
giveness and promise to be good in the
future.

  “Referring to what Brother White
of West Virginia says about crows that
talk, I can say that I have often heard
people hereabouts speak of splitting the
tongue, also of cutting the tongue, to
make them talk, but I have never seen
the operation performed nor have I
examined the tongues afterward; how-
ever, I. have known them to become
good talkers. I have also known crows
taken when young to become good talk-
ers even though their tongues had never
been tampered with in any way. They
are about as good as any parrot and
far tamer and more to be trusted at

large. A tame crow is very mischievous
and much given to pilfering small—
and especially bright—articles and hid-
ing them.

  “We have another American bird that
can be taught to talk exceedingly well
in the magpie, only he is a bird of
moods. I mean by that that if he takes
a notion to talk, all well and good, but
if he makes up his mind to be quiet,
no amount of talk or persuasion will
induce him to say a single word till
the spirit moves him.

  “For the benefit of those who may
not be familiar with the magpie, I will
say he has the size, shape, motion and
habits of our familiar blue jay of the
East, but in color is black and white
instead of blue and white like the jay.
I first met the magpie in northern Utah,
but the best talker of the species I ever
saw was in a livery barn in Columbus,
Indiana.

  “Should this effort escape the waste-
basket, I’d be glad at another time to
touch on the habits, nests, eggs, et
cetera, of the crow.

  “Nothing that I read gives me more
comfort than the Western Story, and
I wish to compliment the author of
‘White Wolf’ on his insight into the
nature of animals.”
THE ROUND-UP

135

  “Regular Army .” who will talk to you
about the endurance powers of horses,
and also explain why he does not give
his name, commands our complete at-
tention :

  “‘Boss and Folks: Just finished
reading your column in the Round-up
section and want to say a few words in
regard to the number of miles a horse
will travel in one day at a lope. Though
it never has been tried at a lope in the
army, I can give you an idea of hikes
made in the army by two or three caval-
ry regiments.

  “Troop G, of the Eleventh Cavalry,
during the war with Spain, in Cuba,
marched one hundred and thirty-eight
miles in twelve hours. Incidentally I
might say that this troop holds the
world's record for a march and en-
durance hike. At the end of the hike
all men were present, and all horses
were in the best of shape, except that
they were tired.

  “The Twelfth Cavalry in 1911, in the
Philippines, marched ninety miles
through the rocky country there, in pur-
suit of the Moros.

  “The other one is the Seventh Cav-
alry, now stationed at Fort Bliss, Texas,
and I can say quite a few of the people
who made this hike will verify my state-
ment. In 1916, during the hostilities
with Mexico, in eleven days the Third
Squadron of the Seventh Cavalry
marched eight hundred and eightv-six
miles in eleven days into Mexico over
the mountains and uncut paths.

  “This is all I have to say. Pardon
me for not giving my name, but in the
service it is best not to. I am an old
soldier, nineteen years in, and most of
it has been spent in the mounted serv-
ice in the cavalry and field artillery, and
am a native of the West.”

  While we are on horses, we’ll hear a
man who shoes ’em, J. Ii. Wilson, 921
South Seventh Street, San Jose. Cali-
fornia.

  “Boss and Folks: I have read the
Western Story Magazine for two
years without missing one, and I don’t
think there has been even an ad I have
missed. Now, if you will excuse me
for butting in, I would like to say a
few things about horses. I have been
a blacksmith for about thirty years. I
have shod pretty nearly every kind of
a horse there is, and I know that you
can handle most of them with kind-
ness. I have shod some that other
smiths had to throw to shoe, and I
never put a rope on them. The great
trouble with most men is that they are
afraid of them. If a horse finds out
you are afraid of him, you may just
as well leave him alone. I never al-
lowed a horse to be whipped in my
shop, not by my men nor its owner. If
a man brought a horse into my shop
and started to whip him, I simply told
him if he wanted rne to shoe him just
leave him alone or take him out of my
shop.

  “Now, about six-guns—I am used to
Colts and Smith & Wesson. I started
with a Colt old cap and ball when I was
twelve years old, and I have had a gun
ever since. I worked for Miller and
Gus two years, and I used most of
my wages on ammunition. Now I don’t
want any one to think I am bragging,
but I was a pretty good shot. I am
fifty-six years old no^, but with my
automatic there don't many jacks get
away ”

  Here’s some more shootin’ and—a
little poem on the subject thrown in.
What do you know about that! R. E.
Monroe, New Castle, Indiana, speaks:

  “Boss of the Round-up and Folks :
Excuse my sticking in around the circle,
but as a reader and an admirer of
Western Story Magazine for six
years, I believe I am within my rights.
Buddies, I’ve handled guns some, or be-
lieve I have anyway, having spent five
years in service with Uncle Sam. I’ve
136

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

carried .45s, sidearms, sixes, and auto-
matics, and shot 'em too. They are
good guns. I prefer the auto for its
speed and recoil. If kept clean and
handled correctly, it will not jam. With
your holster strapped to your leg at an
even length with your hand, it will give
you service unsurpassable. At least I
found it so.

  “I would like to hear of others who
think the auto is a good gun to cotton
to. Now, I’ll give you that little poem

the boss was kiddin’ me about. Don’t
go throwiu anything, now, not till I
get a chance to duck behind that chuck
wagon. I’m off:

“That’s a mean-looking gat you’ve got,
      buddy,

Has a bore as large as a bowl,

I’ve seen the time, with a friend like
      that

Men have gotten out of a mighty
     mean hole.”

IN NEXT WEEK’S ISSUE OF WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

ACRES OF UNREST

A SERIAL
By MAX BRAND

  It was all a game—a cruel, ruthless game—-this pitting the one
brother’s son against the other. Charlie was a normal, strong, healthy
son of the West. But Peter had been made strangely strong by ruin
and strangely weak by triumph.

JIM CROW OF VIO

A NOVEL
By GEORGE GILBERT

  The love of the rich, crafty rancher for the girl and her father’s
ranch; the girl’s rejection of his attentions; the suspicion attached to
the puncher she really loves—and over it all flutters the black wings of
a talking crow.

ROCK-BOUND HONESTY

By ERNEST HAYCOX

  Old Man Cruze loved his daughter and his reputation for honesty.
And his temptation arrived at the same time that his girl was in dire
need of money.

AND OTHER STORIES	Order Your Copy Now

For June Joy—blue skies, the open road, a knapsack, and a
Hollow Tree emblem.

  Twenty=five cents in stamps or coin sent to The Hollow Tree,
Western Story Magazine, 79 Seventh Ave., New York, will bring
you either a button for your coat lapel, or a pin. In ordering be
sure to state which style you wish.
Ccrnductecl

Helen Rivers

   Miss Helen Rivers, who conducts this department, will see to it that you will be
able to make friends with other readers, though thousands of miles may separate you.
It must be understood that Miss Rivers will undertake to exchange letters only be-
tween men and men, boys and boys, women and women, girls and girls. Letters
will be forwarded direct when correspondents so wish; otherwise they will be an-
swered here. Be sure to inclose forwarding postage when sending letters through
The Hoiiow Tree.

THE argument about the Golden
State, started a while back by R.
C. N., in which native sons and
Gangsters from other States, have bad
their say, has aroused so much interest
that letters are pouring into The Tree
on the subject. I wish it were possible
to read all of them out in full.

  Here’s one couple, Mr. and Mrs. F.
Camp, of 303 Knickerbocker Avenue,
Rochester, New York, who write: “Mr.
R. C. N. may be right or he may be
wrong about conditions in California,
but here is one family that is going to
find out for itself. I am a good print-
ing-press man, also a first-class barber
and have been out of work only two
weeks in seventeen years; maybe that
is why I feel sure of finding work out
there.” If there are Gangsters in South-
ern California who care to send their
address, Mr. and Mrs. Camp will be
glad to look them up and shake hands
with them.

  This advice is offered to California-
bound folks by a man from Montana,
who has lived in the Golden State for
seven years: “Look over the State,
travel up the coast, stay a few days in
each town. You will soon find one that

will suit you. There are millions of
acres of land undeveloped in California
just waiting for somebody with back-
bone to go ahead and develop them.”
This brother also says that he landed
in the State with eight children and
nothing but his hands and the clothes
they wore, and there has never been a
day since that he could not get work.
He is a builder.

  M. W. S. of Gridley has always been
able to get work in California, too, he
states, if he would accept the price of-
fered. “You will find drawbacks in
every State,” says he.

  The Nevadan has a few words to put
in. “California can boast many East-
erners who make their living here and
who are loyal and true. June Rose,
Golden State Girl, also Polly, its people
of your caliber who make life worth
living.”

  A. J. S. of Hayward contradicts Pol-
ly's statement that California has as
much snow as any other State. Says
he: “The lowlands are practically free
of snow; the only places where it does
snow to any great extent are those above
three thousand feet elevation. Regard-
ing the possibility of securing work at
138

WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE

a good wage, conditions in the southern
part of the State are not as good as they
are in the central and northern parts.”

 W. L. Proctor of Dallas, Texas,
writes: “An Indignant Californian
says that a little valley fifty miles long
and thirty miles wide puts out over two
thirds of the world’s supply of fruit.
To take the statistics of the United
States this statement must be all wrong,
as Arkansas, Missouri. Tennessee, Mis-
sissippi, and Texas all supply a good
portion of our fruit. Tennesse and Ar-
kansas have been the two leading States
for several years in strawberries, and
Arkansas has the largest peach orchard
in the world.” Anybody else anything
to say about this?

 A native daughter wants to put in
her bit.

  Dear Miss Rivers: California! It is a
God-given boon to mankind. Do you wish
snow in winter? Go to the northern part of
the State. Sunshine and flowers for the win-
ter? Go to southern California. Work?
Anywhere, on this condition, that you are sin-
cere in wanting work. In the northern part
are great agricultural ranches, lumber mills,
construction work. The southern part is dif-
ferent. There arc small truck gardens, chicken
ranches, citrus groves, oil fields. I wonder if
some people know that oil is what makes it
possible for Long Beach to live? The peo-
ple built their city on oil, by oil, and now
they eat and clothe themselves through that
oil.

  I live in Long Beach, but have been from the
Oregon line to Mexico three times and across
the State five times, so I've seen a great deal
of California. I say, come to California, but
do not come expecting wealth to fall into your
hands. Health will come to you unbidden, but
wealth must be sought. By wealth I do not
mean only money, but joy and contentment
and then the money will follow.

Mrs. H. Ray Hamilton.

751 Newport Avenue, Long Beach, Calif.

 And another.

 Dear Hollow Tree and Sax Diego: San
Diego, you are all wrong; we do raise oranges
in northern California. While we do not have
groves, all the same you can find oranges in
Shasta County. As for the mud you mention,

I don’t understand. We don’t know what mud
is. And as for fruit, San Diego, you will have
to show me where you raise more than we do.
I can take you to Siskiyou County and on
one small place can show you every kind
you want to look for, and lots of it. I am
afraid our thousand wonders has it all over
you folks. I do know the State from end to
end, San Diego.	Shasta Daisy.

  June Rose, Shasta Daisy would be
glad to hear from you.

  Barney McManus, of Nevada, wants
to join in the argument.

  Dear Gang: Why do ninety per cent of
the people who go to California and return to
their native States eventually drift back to
the Golden State? I have traveled in over
half the States in the Union and am in a posi-
tion to know.

  Now, H. C. M. of Los Angeles, you say you
have been there for five years and only worked
about one fifth of the time. Did you really
want work or didn’t you? If you went out
and looked for work and couldn’t find it, your
case is very strange.

  A<nd surely, F. D. H. of Oakland, you don’t
think San Francisco and Oakland are all the
cities in California, do you? Have you tried
going to any other part of the State and see-
ing how the climate there affects your wife’s
health? If you’ll just go south, where there
is a dry climate, I’m sure her health will im-
prove immensely.

   California has this State cr any other I was
ever in beat a mile. When I get back and feel
like migrating you may be sure it will all be
done within the boundaries of sunny Califor-
nia.

  Looks like an argument within an
argument has “done riz up:” northern
California vs. southern California.

  Dear Hollow Tree and Shasta Daisy:
Shasta Daisy, I’ll back you up until Los An-
geles incorporates San Francisco. My word,
San Diego, didn’t you know that L. A. com-
pletely covers southern California ? My home
is in Los Angeles, but I haven’t lived there
for several years; I don’t savvy Mex and
am not an Iowan farmer.

   San Diego, since you left the old folks back
in Iowa and settled in San Diego, you have
never been north, or you would know that the
entire Sacramento Valley raises oranges; also
oranges are raised as far north as Cloverdale.
I have seen train loads of fruit leave Rose-
THE HOLLOW TREE

139

vilie, one every hour, night and day, for three
entire weeks.

  Your Rim-of-the-world Drive is a joke com-
pared to our Redwood Hi-way. Our coast
scenic drive passes through the largest trees in
the world, through the towns where the flags
of five nations have flown, through a petri-
fied forest, through the land of a thousand
smokes, past a whaling station and past a red-
wood tree that is the largest known, a tree
so large that if it should be cut down, an
eight-room one-story house could be built on
the stump.

  We have the largest artificial lake in the
world, the most crooked railroad, the largest
egg center, also the largest university in the
world. We produce the most hops, prunes,
lumber, and gold. We have the Yosemite,
the only active volcano, and the bad lands.

A. S. Budworth.

  Camp 5, Burney, Calif.

 F. R. McCoy, 448Yz South Campbell
Street, Springfield, Missouri, says he’s
just got to horn in on this California
talk. “I have seen California from top
to bottom not as a tourist but as a work-
ing man. Most any of the northern part
is always good for work if a man wants
to work and is not too particular for
the time being. If you want informa-
tion about conditions in the Golden
State, write me, inclosing a stamp, and
I’ll tell you about both skilled and un-
skilled labor, or you can write the Cham-
ber of Commerce at San Francisco and
they’ll tell you.”

  Earle Farish, 1216-17 Street, Bakers-
field, California, who is not a native but
has lived for four years in the State,
disagrees with H. C. M. about its being

no place for a wage earner. “A me-
chanic who is worth fifty dollars a week
in New York can make seventy-five
here,” he states. “If you don’t believe
it, Mr. H. C. M., before you start walk-
ing back, drop in and pay us a visit.
There is always a demand for A-l
mechanics here and they pay as high
as two dollars an hour. So if you want
to make that stake to return to New
York, come and get it; it’s only a hun-
dred and thirty miles from Los Angeles
to Bakersfield.”

 Walsh, from Los Angeles, says:

  As I see it, the more people that come here,
the more there are to feed; consequently, the
number of grocery stores should increase, hir-
ing help. The canneries, bakeries, and slaugh-
terhouses would need more help for their ma-
chinery, baking, et cetera. Then, too, here
is the end of the railroad coming from the
East. The shops of the Southern Pacific,
Union Pacific, and Santa Fe are immense. I
say that work for the right man is not hard
to get. To contradict a statement of H. C.
M., only apprentices in their second stage get
the wages he wrote of. The conscientious
man, knowing his business, gets from fifty
dollars upward.

  What about the orange, lemon, and walnut
growers south of the city here, and the rose
gardens south of San Francisco? How did
their owners begin? There are thousands of
different opportunities waiting for the right
seeker. But it’s like prospecting: hard work.

  I will admit that many of the laborers here
are- Mexicans, but they are the most willing
workers. We have a warm climate here, their
climate, and we are close to their original
homes.
'Where To Go and
How To
Get
There

Jo Jin Worth

    It is our aim in this department to be of genuine practical help and service to those
who wish to make use of it. Don’t hesitate to write to us and give us the opportunity
of assisting you to the best of our ability.

   Address all communications to John North, care of WESTERN STORY MAGA-
ZINE, 79 Seventh Avenue, New York, N. Y.

       WESTERN TRAILS—EL CAMINO REAL

THIS modern motor road fully
keeps up the reputation of its
name as a “royal road,” Camino
Real, given to it in the old days of
Spanish dominion in California. As
public roads in Great Britain are king’s
highways, so in Spain they are royal
roads, and while this route was familiar-
ly known to the natives as the “Trail of
the Padres,” it was El Camino Real
officially and has retained its Spanish
name.

  For seventy-five years the padres
traveled along this road to and from
their various missions from San Fran-
cisco to San Diego, sometimes on foot,
sometimes astride hardy little burros,
packed to the limit with necessaries for
the journey and supplies for the mis-
sion houses. In course of time, the
trail became a well-beaten and popular
path for pack trains and riders; then
the stage coach rattled over its long

course, followed by the railway. Now
there is a constantly increasing automo-
bile traffic that rolls merrily over the
smoothly-paved highway, built to meet
modern conditions and giving pleasure
to thousands of motorists on every day
of the whole year.

  It has been said that the climate on
the California coast is the most delight-
ful in the United States, and some go
so far as to affirm that there is nothing
to equal it in the whole wide world.
Certain it is that in summer the nights
are cool enough to require a blanket,
while in winter the warm ocean current
keeps the temperature at a comfortable
figure. El Camino Real is clear of
snow during the winter and is beautiful
at all seasons, with no scorching sun
in summer and no pinching cold winds
in winter.

  While flowers bloom on the ocean
side of the mountain range throughout
WHERE TO GO AND HOW TO GET THERE

141

the year, the spring is the time when the
region is in its full beauty, for at this
season the whole length of the route is
in bloom, while miles of blossoming
orchards in the vicinity are a delight to
behold.

  Many take the trip over El Camino
Real simply for the pleasure and the
health-giving qualities of the outing, but
there are others who do so with a view
to picking out a future home site in a
section where the climate is dependable.
These should not neglect the many side
trips that invite the motorist to turn
from the main highway and follow a
well-graveled or dirt road, leading to
some historic spot or to a stretch of
seashore or flourishing orange groves,
or perhaps to some famous hot springs
of proved medicinal qualities. All these
will be of interest, whether one is out
for pleasure or with the idea of hitting
upon a location for a little farm, or for
a place in which to start business anew,
or for a spot to which one may retire
from time to time to rest from the
world’s cares and enjoy nature’s gifts
at their best.

  Leaving San Diego, where we arrived
last week by the Old Spanish Trail, El
Camino Real runs north for many miles,
following closely the ocean shore, and
passing the picturesque ruins of the fa-
mous Mission of San Juan Capistrano,
which have been partly restored. Every
Sunday during the summer months
services are held here, and the mission
pageant is presented for the benefit of
visitors and to raise funds for the fur-
ther restoration of the ruins.

  There are good hotel accommodations
all along the many miles of this his-
toric highway, from the more expensive

types to the most modest, and a num-
ber of very excellent camping sites are
to be found within easy distance of the
cities.

  From San Juan Capistrano, the route
leaves the coast and runs inland through
the towns of Santa Ana and Anaheim
to Los Angeles. This city is known
far and wide for its well-paved boule-
vards and highways, as well as for its
orange groves and orchards. No mo-
torist passes through without making a
good stop-over. All are welcome, and
every accommodation to suit all purses
may be found here.

GOOD ADVICE FROM SCOUT LAKE

  Dear Mr. North : I was interested in the
letter in Western Story Magazine asking
about Willow Bunch, Saskatchewan. I have
lived sixteen miles west of Willow Bunch,
near Scout Lake, for some time. It is twelve
miles south of Verwood on the Canadian Na-
tional Railway, which is not yet working there,
as it has only just been finished.

  The land is rolling prairie and is the most
fertile in Canada. The price ranges from fif-
teen to forty dollars an acre, and there are
lots of farms for sale. The best way to get
them is to go out among the farmers. The
hardest part is to get into a district where the
water is good, and this should be found out
before buying. The best way is to live among
the farmers for a while. They don’t charge
any more for food and lodging than others.
It is good, also, to observe the customs of the
country and not try to give the old-timers too
many points on etiquette. They might not
take kindly to the new ideas.

  If any readers wish to write, call, or radio,
my address is Section 2, Township 5, Range
30, west of 2d Meridian, Scout Lake, Sas-
katchewan, Canada. Fred W. Schwenn.

  And there you are! Any one inter-
ested certainly has Brother Schwenn’s
full address, and no letter should go
astray.
w **^1 JjT*i	~his department conducted In duplicato In D

                B nklS w and WESTERN STORY MAGAZINE, thus giving
IWSl	Pi J	H free of charge to our readers. Its purpose is to a:

 tw'ffli* «	persons of whom they have lost track.

DETECTIVE STORY MAGAZINE
_ readers double service, is offered
aid them in getting in touch with

persons of whom they have lost track.

                                         While it will be better to use your name in the notice, we will print your request
“blind” if you prefer. In sending “blind” notices, you must, of eourse, give us your right name and address, so that wo
can forward promptly any letters that may come for you. We reserve the right to rejeet any nutice that seems to us
unsuitable. Because "copy” for a magazine must go to the printer long in advance of publication, don’t expect to seo your
noticc till a considerable time after you send it.

    If it can be avoided, please do not send us a “General Delivery” post-office address, for exporicnce has proved that
those persons who are not specific as to address often have mail that we send them returned to us marked “not found.”
It would be well, also, to notify us of any change in your address.

    Now, readers, help those whose friends or relatives are missing, as you would like to be helped if you were in a similar
position.

    WARNING.—Do not forward money to any one who sends you a letter or telegram, asking for money “to get home,” et
cetera, until you are absolutely certain that the author of such telegram or letter is tha person you are seeking.

 McGILLVRAY, HANNAH, and Mrs. ANNIE WHITE.—

Last heard from about twelve years ago. Their brother
would be glad to hear about them. C'olin McGillvray, Ocean
Falls, British Columbia, Canada.

  ANDERSON, BOB.—Left Mexico, Missouri, about 1922.
Over six feet tall, blue eyes, ruddy complexion, brown hRir.
Have important news that you should know. 1 won't be-
tray your whereabouts if you don’t want me to. D. L.
Hollingsworth, 1019 Benton Boulevard, Kansas City, Mis-
souri.

  CHURCH, ACE ROBERT.—Missing twenty-four years.
Last seen at Duluth. From there he went to British Co-
lumbia and bought timberland. He is large, fair, blue eyes,
stout and tall. His sister would like to hear from him.
Mrs. Lidda Weeks, Box 31, Consecon, Ontario, Canada.

  MURPHY, DAN.—Born in Ogdensburg. New York. Past
seventy-two years of age. His stepfather's name was John
Lyons, and his mother, Mary. His brother, Edward Mur-
phy, would like to get in touch with him or his descendants.
Please send any information to James .Stanley. 314 9th
Street, Troy, Now York.

 WAGNER, HELEN and JOHN F., Jr., or GENE BON-
NER.—There aro several checks held at the bank for him.
Come at once to save trouble. Mother, 18S0 Quincy Drive,
Bakersfield, California.

  BASSETT, OWEN FRANK HENRY.—Thirteen years old,
large for age, weighing one hundred and forty-five pounds,
brown hair, blue eyes. Left home February 25. 192fi. Write
to your mother or father or sister, and everything will be all
right. Mrs. Pearl Keck, 736 Briar Place, Chicago, Illinois.

  LEE.—Of Boston. Get very lonesome out here. Would be
glad to hear from you. Billy Schulz, Ccneral Delivery,
gmackovcr, Arkansas.

 ROBINSON, ALFRED PETER.—Was a jockey in Pad-
dington. London, England. Caine to Halifax. Nova Scotia,
about twenty years ago, and rode in races there during the
summer. Disappeared a day or so after. His eldest sister
would like to hear from him. Mrs. Kate E. Phipps, 89
Hopedale Street, Hopedale, Massachusetts.

  SPRANKLE, FRED, Jr.—Waa in Spreckles, California,
a year ago. Would be grateful for any news about him.
Address S. G., care of this magazine.

  O'CONNOR, RICHARD STEPHEN.—Please write to your
brothers, John and Bill DeFrance, Kentfield, California.

  MONTGOMERY, GEORGE.—A half-breed Cherokee In-
dian. Last heard of in Wisconsin. Any information will
bo greatly appreciated by his cousin, Mrs. Neva Montgom-
ery Gallagher, 448 0th Street, Bremorton, Washington.

  NELSON. W. F.—Was in the oil business here In 1921.
It is very important that I hear from him. C. O. Iley, Box
139, Gorman, Texas.

  PICKUP. CHARLES.—Left home October, 1924. Last
hoard of in Illinois. Fifty-seven years old, short, gray
eyes, hair partly gray, scar on his nose and upper lip.
Please como home to your wife, or write. Everything will
be forgiven. Mrs. Charles Pickup, Burlingame. Kansas.

  ROBERTSON. ETTA DAY.—Please write to an old friend.
Tho last known address was Queen City. Missouri. Mrs.
W. H. Kelley, 400 N. Hancock Street, Ottumwa, Iowa.

  BARNABY or HARRINGTON. MAMIE.—Died about six-
teen years ago. Her daughter would like to hear from any
of her aunts or uncle. Miss Josie Barnaby, Box 45. Hollis-
ter, Idaho.

  ROSE, ALICE.—Was in Mineral Springs. Alabama, ten
years ago. Her sister would like to hear from her. Bes-
sie Trotter, Wolfpit, Kentucky.

  FOSTER. NATHANIEL.—Last heard from in 1898, when
he left Smith County Texas, and went to Canada, fie was
then sixty-five years old. Had seven boys, George. Sam.
Bill. Grover. Bud, Henry, and Joe. His granddaughter
would like to hear from any of them. Mrs. Yernie Douglas,
Frescott, Arizona.

  MURRAY, RANDLE.—Colored. Missing from Philadel-
phia about twelve years. His mother would like to hear
from him. Mrs. Laura Murray, care of Mrs. Daisy Thomp-
son, 739 Baltic Avenue, Atlantic City, New Jersey.

  MULLEN. E. D.—The second husband of your divorced
wife wishes to communicate with you. Important. Carl
Wilson, 1448 East 37th Street, Los Angeles, California.

  LOWRY, JIM.—Enlisted from Throsloon, Ontario, in 191G.
Fair, age twenty-eight. Please write to your long-lost sister.
Teenie, caro of this magazine.

  BROOKS, ELMER and HARVEY.—Wero taxi drivers in
Rochester, in 1923. Please write to your sister, Teenie.
care of this magazine.

 CROWDER. JOHN CRAIGEN.—Bom In McMinnville,
Tennessee, December, 1888. Last heard of at Hollywood.
California, about a year ago. Important that he should
write to his brother. Edward William Crowder, care of As-
sistant Engineer. Southern Paciflo Company, Sacramento,
California.

  LAYTON, LILLIAN.—About twenty-five years old, weight
one hundred and ten pounds, height five feet, dark hair
and eyes. Last heard of at Choyenno, Wyoming, where she
was working in a restaurant, about 1920. Please write to

G.	W. W.. care of this magazine.

  SLADE, OTTO.—Left Jerome. Arizona. March, 1925.
Please write to tho one who loves you still. W. M. S..
Box 624.

  SHIRLEY. JACK.—Was In the navy in 1922. Please write
to your old pal of the C. E. F., at Woodstock, New Bruns-
wick, Canada. "Peck."

  HARNERD, WALTER.—Your old friend who lived on tho
Yates place, and picked cotton with you for your grand-
father Mullin, wants to hear from you. After nineteen years
that we have been apart I still need you. M., care of this
magazine.

  WILLIAMS. CLINTON.—Lived on Stockholm Street, Balti-
more, Maryland, in 1919. Please communicate with Clayton,
care of this magazine.

  HARMAN, SOLOMON.—Left home when seventeen years
of age. and went to White Sulphur Springs. Later ho mar-
ried Mrs. Hayes, and had one son. named Henry. His
grandchildren would like to hear from him. Samuel E. Har-
man, 823 North Hazel Street, Danville, Hlinois.

  JEWELL, PHILIP H.—Your mother hogs you to write to
her. She has news for you. Mrs. Mabel Jewell Wright, 3906
Beechwood Avenuo, Pine Lawn, Missouri.

  SPRULL, LEO.—Any one who recognizes this name and
can give any information that wili help to establish his
identity please write to Mrs. E. A. Wright, 3906 Beech-
wood Avenue, Pine Lawn, Missouri.

  EVANS, JOHN EDWARD.—Age twenty-one. tall. Left
Milwaukee, January, 1924. Send letter in care of this
magazine and I will send you our new address. Rene.

  FINNEY. WILLIAM A.—Your buddy from tho U. S. S.

"Texas" has been trying two years to get in touch with you.
Ben F. Willems, 2944A Greer Avenue, St. Louis, Missouri.

  HOLM or HOLMES, JESSE.—La3t heard of in	Whipple

Barracks, Prescott, Arizona, in October. 1924.	Medium

height, southern pronunciation. Any Information	will bo
appreciated by E. M„ care of this magazine.

  BERRY. CURLY.—Of Ohio. Last heard of at Prescott,
Arizona. Please write to Ed, care of this magazine.

  STONE. R. L.—Rumored to have been killed by a freight
train, prior to Christmas, 1925, between Muskogee and
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. Address Lena Stone, 917 Green-
ville, Lagrange, Georgia.

  O'BRIEN. J. W.—Last seen in East St. Louis, Illinois,
February, 1926. I love you and my heart is broken. Your
wife, Anna.

  FARGO, Mrs. EVA KOCH.—Last seen at. Willmar, Minne-
sota. Please write to Thomas Fargo, 415 3rd Avenue, S. W.,
Watertown, South Dakota.

  L. E.—Arrived well. Hope Lillian and George are all right.
Expect to hear from you soon. Love, Chandler, care of this
magazine.	j

  VINSON. WESLEY LEROY.—Still look and pray for your
return. Dot is married, and I am all alone now. Please
write. Mother, A. V. D.
MISSING DEPARTMENT

143

 BUCKLEY. DAVID.—Photographer by trade. Last heard
 of at DJftby, Nova Scotia. His son, Nelson, is seriously ill.
 Please wrne Leo Buckley, 32 Grove Street, Taunton, Mas-
 sachusetts.

 BEATTIE. THOMAS.—Left Belfast, Ireland, about thirty-
 sevfr.	_a-0. Had dark, curly hair at that time. Be-

 lieve: t= in America. B. McComb, 2119 West 31st
 Stree:, L:= Angeles, California.

 VAUGHAN, Mrs. E. M.—Last heard from in Los Angeles,
 ir. s=-:r—ber, 1925. Any one knowing her present address
 plfii- :..:lfy Norman F. Gray, Columbia Steel Corporation, •
 P;::;-;::;, California.

 JEAN, BURRIS.—Sixteen years old, short, black hair and
 Left home February. 1926. Your mother is heart-
 broken. Let us know where you are, and we will send your
 clothes and whatever you need. Dad. E. W. Jean. Route 3,
 Famersville, Texas.

 MARTIN. BILL.—Please write. It is important. Am
 ill at my mother’s. Troy.

 FISHER. MARVIN.—Will you write to me? Lost your ad-
 dress. Troy Davis, 1-104 Brown Street, Oroville, California.

 PEADING, EVA KING.—I am very lonely. Please write
 i; E., Company G, 85th Infantry, Schofield Barracks, H. T.

LIGDAY, FRANCIS, and MAURICE, REBOUILLET.—

 Li:: ==en when we separated about ten miles from Shanghai,
 CJii. during the rebellion In 1924. Have important news,
 write to K. J. L. C.

 JENNINGS,	ERNEST B.—Last heard of in Holliday,

- Dakota,	in 1918, when a man by the name of Blake

 - tim in a	home. His brother would like to hear from
     A. 8. Jennings, U. S. S. "Reno” (303), San Diego,

 California.

 JENNINGS.	M. C.—Last heard of at Sioux City, Iowa.

; :r. would like to hear from him. R. B. Jennings, U.

 5. S. "Reno''	(303), San Diego, California.

 ARNOLD.—Write to Chester at Eldorado, Arkansas, care
 cf American Gro. Company.

ARCAND or GRANT, DAVE.—I cannot believe you went
t T.17 from me of your own accord. I need you. Write or
all is forgiven. Your wife, Mrs. D. A,

 JACKSON, JOSEPH.—Went to England, October, 1915.
 = :-Tv-sine years old, short, turning gray. Any one know-
 -:= whereabouts please communicate with his wife. Alary
 7: kion, 1703 Fourth Avenue West, Vancouver B, C.,

 Ciisia.

 ANDERSON. CHARLES F.—Received your letter 0. K.
 Z-rry.r.ir.g is forgiven. I will come to you. Write soon.
 Tic wife, Gladys.

 '« ! LLIAMS, HARRY F.—Formerly of Martina Ferry,
 ■I-;.. Please write to your daughter, Violet Marie Wil-
 ..ir •, 1032 South Broadway, Martins Ferry, Ohio.

 = EL AT IVES.—Who are In Ireland, New York, and Chi-
 Illinois, please write to me. I was born in New York
 - f •■ --two years ago. Please send any helpful lnforma-
 William P. Everard, 619 Elm Street, Rockford, Illi-

 G--Y. AHRIETT1E ALICE.—Disappeared from Durango,
 in 1918. She is about twenty years old. Her

 :___it: losing her health worrying about her. Please

 ~.u id her sister, Mrs. Gertrude Browu, 469 East Moun-
     5:.-==:. Pasadena, California.

C.AN. EDGAR, and FRANK WILSON.—Your mother
as "Mike” was killed last summer. Edgar is
:::::v-iwo years old and was a sailor when last heard
Pl-ase write to Helen Ahlgren, Evanston, Wyoming.

 TURNER. RICHARD.—Last heard from in Breckenridge,
 Texu. ir. 1920. Please write to me. S. E.. care of this
 BaguiBe.

 WATSON, MUSE.—Last heard from at Baton Rouge, Lou-

Write to S. E.. care of this magazine.

 u ORRISON, HARVEY.—Formerly lived at Houston,

 Z-zi; Please write to your old friend at once. M. E.,
     .f ;;.ls magazine.

 H.	t. r RIEC.—Of Pittsburgh, or Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
 P:?i?e write to W. J. Sake, P. O. Bos 382, Placer-
 T-Xi, California.

 HAMILTON. Mrs. ROBERT.—Last heard from at Wlieat-

 Wj .n.ing. Her mother is very anxious to find her.
 Aiins; Mr; Marilla Harbison, 213 Ute Avenue, Grand

 Junction, Colorado.

 BUZZ.—Please communicate with me. N. I. M.

 WELLS. HARRY GARRY.—Last heard of aboard D. S. S.
 "New Y.-r-c, -e'ond-class fireman. Write to an old ship-
 mate, T P. Holt, 2018 Ross Avenue, Dallas, Texas.

 SETTLE, BILL.—Have not heard from you since you left
 for France. Write to R. A Smith, Pampa. Texas. Your
 cousin, Or3.

  HALE, EDNA.—Medium build, middle age, widely trav-
eled. • Last heard of at Bellevue Terrace Hotel, Los An-
geles, California, in 1923. Kindly communicate with your old
friend, Martha Fraser, Route 2, Itocks, Maryland.

  LEROY, WILLIAM.—Twenty-six years of age, black hair
and eyes. Last heard from at Sioux City, Iowa, about five
years ago. His mother and sister would like to hear from
him. Address H. R. H., care of this magazine.

  CHRISTIAN, Mrs. EVA.—Last heard of at Clarendon,
Arkansas. Please notify Mrs. Tom Love, Route 4, Green-
brier, Arkansas.

  BEAGLE. CHARLOTTE.—Last heard of at Syracuse, New
York, in 1921. Any information would be appreciated by
Harold Lord, 721 S. Iron Street, Bloomsburg, Pennsyl-
vania.

  GARRET, ALICE.—Of Richmond, Virginia, who was
camping at Bruce Memorial Park with the Robert E. Lee
School for Girls, in 1924, please write to me at once.
Lawrence Slawson, Noroton Heights, Connecticut.

 EWALDT, NILS, and THORSTEN BERGER.—Thirty-
three and twenty-three years of age, left Memphis. Tennes-
see. bound for Hollywood, California, with the Intention of
going to work for Mr. Thunberg, who, according to their
statements, was a contractor in Hollywood for building movie
scenery. Nothing has been heard from these boys, who are
of Swedish nationality, speaking English fairly well. Please
inform 0. B„ care of this magazine.

  LEONARD, ARCHIE.—Saw him in Los Angeles, Cali-
fornia, in 1915. Information in regard to him will be
appreciated by Mrs. Emma A. Klmberlin, 653% 3rd Street,
San Bernardino, California.

  j. H. C.—We all feel to blame and will do anything to
make things right. Please, Frenchie, try to understand
and forgive me. Will always love you, and cannot forget.
Please write, if only a line. Your wife, F., 375 Main
Street.

  BRYSON, JIM.—Last heard of at Track City, Tennessee.
His nephew would like to hear from him or any of his rela-
tives. Ulysses A. Bryson, Box 5, Bruceton, Tennessee.

  CHURCH, CHARLEY E.—Went from Goderich, Canada,
to his farm in Saskatchewan. His nephew would like to
hear from him. Mrs. May Berringer, 813 13th Street, Port
Huron, Michigan.

  NEBRASKA JOE.—Please write to your old pal again, as
I have many things to tell you. Remember Roman Ray
and you will know whom this is. Bob W.

  F. W. J.—Write to me in care of this magazine. Your
wife, G.

  FELT, L. W.—Rather stout. Last heard from in Lake
City, Colorado, as a mining engineer. Your old friend from
Canada would like to hear from you. D. R. Catlin, Box 313,
Nederland, Colorado.

  THEOBALD, BILL.—English, loft leg stiff, about six feet
tall, sixty-four years old, brown hair, gray eyes. Last seen
in Sacramento, California, in August, 1925. Any informa-
tion will be gratefully received. E, G., Box 295, Roseville,

California.

 CAMPBELL. LAURA, EFFIE, EARL. ALBERT, FRAN-
CIS, WILLIE, and RUSSELL.—An old friend wishes to hear
from them. Left Stockton, California, ten years ago for
Canada. Mrs. _ Francis Vierth, 119 Redwood Avenuo, Mo-
desto, California.

  B RUN ELL E, ARTHUR L.—Was in Petersham in about
1900, and later in Holyoke, Massachusetts. Please commu-
nicate with G. McL. Toombs, Box 419, Sparks, Nevada.

  WILLARD, JOUBERT.—Formerly of Hutton Valley, Mis-
souri. Last heard from near Pucblc, Colorado. Please send
any information to Mrs. Ada Reynolds, 267 East 32nd Street,
Portland, Oregon.

  ROSE, DON. —Heard from five years ago at Brooklyn, New
York. Please write to Melva Deale, 2002 Edmondson Ave-
nue, Baltimore, Maryland.

  TITUS, or WATSON, CATHERINE.—Left her home in
Woodstock, Ontario, in 1S83, at tJie age of fifteen. Her
anxious sister would like to hear some news of her. Mrs.
Maggie Minard, 103 Victoria Street, Brantford, Ontario,

Canada,

  MUDGE.—I am very anxious to locate you, and to be of
any help within my power. F. M., care of this magazine.

  RUSHING. EDWARD.—Please write to your old buddy,
who was in Battery D, First F. A., Fort Sill, Oklahoma.
John D. Childs, R. F. D. 2, Box 1(15, Davis, Oklahoma.

  NICKLOW, QUINCY H.—Left June 21, 1925, for Pitts-
burgh. Twenty-nine years of age, brown eyes and hair, fair
complexion and tall. Was a fireman on the P. R. R. His
mother and wife are anxious to bear from him. Address
Mrs. Quincy H. Nicklow, care of this magazine.

  THORNTON, W. S.—Your wife and two children are still
waiting for you to come home. Mrs, W. S. Thornton. Route
4. Box 83, Mebane, North Carolina.
1U

MISSING DEPARTMENT

 ROSS. IKE, LIZZIE, KATIE, ISAAC, and JAMES.—

Would like to find my parents and brothers and sisters.
The five children and I are in poor health. Mrs. Roy Mil-
ler, R. F. D. 2, Toss, Oklahoma.

  NORTON, FRANK.—Last heard of In North Adams, Mas-
sachusetts, about twelve years ago. Please write to Joe
Jarvis, Box 104, Sarnia, Ontario, Canada.

  BRUCE, DAVID.—Last heard of at Middlebury. Vermont,
working for Cummings Construction Company. Any one know-
ing his whereabouts please write to Lillian, care of this
magazine.

  HONE, CURTIS NELSON.—Mother Is failing in health
and is anxious to hear from you. I’lcase write to us at
once. Your sister, Faye Goodlct. R. R. 4, Greenfield, Indi-
ana.

  NOTICE.—I was kidnaped by a man and brought to
Gaffney. South Carolina, fifty-two years ago. This man
went under several assumed names. Hale, McHale, McHales,
Fhalen, McPhalcn. and Douglas. At this time, there was
being offered a large reward for a stolen boy in the New Tori:
"World." Friends became interested in me, and my captor
sent mo away from Gaffney during the night, with a negro.
My kidnaper promised to tell me some time who my parents
were, but dropped dead in Florida, in 1915, without giving
me any information. He said my birthday was October
19, 1870. Any information as to whom my parents might
be will be greatly appreciated. J. C'. Dellinger. Denver,
North Carolina.

  STANBERRY, JOSEPH HOYT.—Missing since January 4,
1920, from his home in Chlllicothe, Missouri. His parents
have news for him that he will be glad to hear. Address
Mrs. N. Stanberry, Chillicothe, Missouri.

  JIMMY B.—Won’t you write and let me know how you
are? I miss you so. Della, Route F, Box 35, Fresno,
California.

  MARTIN, FRANK PATRICIUS.—Wa3 a sergeant in the
marine corps stationed at Portsmouth, New Hampshire,
19S2-2H. Please writo to Marion Mereier, 2 Nichols Ave-
nue, New Market, New Hampshire.

  STEVENS, HARRY.—Would like to hear from you. Have
mail for you. Mother, Brooklyn, New York.

  STEPHANY, JOHN.—Your old pal would like to hear
from you. Believed to be in the West. Frank J. McGurk,
2101 Crcen Street, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

  FRANKLIN, FANNIE CARR.—Last heard from at Cin-
cinnati, Ohio. Gave no address in her letter. Her sister
would lie glad of any information. Mrs. Minnie Carr Un-
derhill, 3G0G Union Avenue, Chicago, Illinois.

  RICHARDS. BEN J.—Tali, dark hair and eyes. Last
heard of at Klamath Falls, Oregon, when he was working
at a Mormon’s camp on Natron Cutoff. Please write or
come at once to S. M. R., Box 585, Nampa, Idaho.

  DAILY, CHARLES M. and ROBERT T.—Hare sad news
for you. Please writo to your sister, Mary J. Search, Box 4,
Logan, Kansas.

  DORMAN, WARD.—Eighteen years of age, dark hair and
eyes. Left home two years ago. Write to your mother,
Mrs. Mame Dormand, Now Kensington, Pennsylvania.

 RENO, BOB or BESS, and ROLAND ROBB.—Please
write to your sister, Jessie Reed.

  CRETHERS or CARRUTHERS, DEWEY.—Was in Everett,
Washington, in February, 1924. His father will be grateful
for information as to his present whereabouts. J. H.
Crethers, R. R. 2, Gleason, Tennessee.

  K!DD. MINNIE or BEULAH.—Last heard of in Lagrange,
Georgia, about ten years ago. An old friend is anxious to
hear from them. Miss Georgia Huss, P. O. Bos 726,
Wauchula. Florida.

  HORN, Mrs. DOLLIE or	LAVINA.—Lived in Rosedale,

Kansas, in 1920. Is about	thirty-two years old. Please

write to O. E. Tucker, 528	West California Street, Okla-
homa City, Oklahoma.

  MONTY.—.Tune first, am sending letter to Toronto, by
name you gave me. De-do isn’t well. Hurry and write.
Have news for you. Kiddie.

 SCHOONMAKER, PETER W.—Stone mason by trade.
Last known to be in Spokane, Washington. Your second son
is anxious to hear from you. R. W. Schoonmaker, Box D6,
Bergland, Michigan.

  ISADOR.—Pleaso write to your old pal, as I have some
very important news for you. Martin Percy Newcomb, Col-
lecting Company 31, 11th Med. Regiment, Schofield Bar-
racks, Hawaii.

 BROWN, WILLIAM.—Would like to hear from my
brother, whom I have never seen, as we were placed in dif-
ferent homes after our mother died, over forty years ago.
Father was a contractor and builder. Ida Smith, care of
this magazine.

  WILSON, JIM, or BILL HUNT.—He Is needed by a dear
friend with whom he made his home for several years.
Dark eyes and hair, medium height. W. W. W.

  KEISER, Mrs. ETHEL.—Whom	I have never seen, 33 I

was adopted when a baby. Havo	been told that she lived

at one time in California. Please	write to Ida Smith, care
of this magazine.

  SMITH, Mr.—Who placed his daughter. Ida. in the
Philadelphia Home for Infants, a: Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania, over forty years ago. He is believed to be a con-
tractor and living In or near Chicago. Illinois. Please
write to Ida Smith, care of this magazine.

  SIMPSON, Mr. and Mrs.—Had four d3iishirr; and two
sons. Last heard of thirty years ago in D.-.lUs. Texas.
Good news for some of them. J. R. Burnett, P. O. Box
38T, Kerrvillo, Texas.

  WARREN, PERCY.—Left England in 1910 for Tnited
States. Tall, age forty-three. Last heard from a: Chicago.
Illinois, eleven years ago. Kindly sead any information to
his mother, or his uncle, William Allen, Route 3, Crookston,
Minnesota.

  HASTINGS or DAWSON, EDITH.—Formerly of Chicago,

Hlinols. Lived in Washington, D. C., during 1918. A dear
friend would like to hear from her. Address “Billy," care
of this magazine.	' •

  SHORT, J. W.—Tall, gray eyes, light hair, walks with
slight limp. Last heard from at St. Francis, Kansas. His
mother nnd sisters are very anxious to hear from him. Mrs.
Sarah Davis, 305 W. Towanda Street, El Dorado, Kansas.

 ANDERSON, EDWARD and ELLA.—Any information
about them would bo appreciated by their only son, Earl
Anderson, 318 Maxim Building, Newcastle, Indiana.

  LAYMAN, Mrs. MARY K.—Last heard from at Toledo,
Ohio. Would appreciate hearing from her or her daughter,
Mrs. BERTHA ALLEN. Bertie L. Maxwell, Glenn Ranch,
California.

  COX, GEORGE H.—Was In Fresno, California, in 1915 or
1918. Please write to your sister, Ada R. Cox. 7797 Wykes
Avenue, Detroit, Michigan.

  WALTERS, JOHN.—I am still living in Winnipeg. Mani-
toba, Canada. L.

 CAMPBELL, Mrs. DELLA GRAY.—Or any of the cid

crowd living in Harriette, Michigan, in 1895. Your old
neighbor and Claud's nurse. M. M., care of this magazine.

  LOWER, H. D.—It is important for him to write to his
nephew. Last seen on the road to San Jose, California.
Floyd Palmer, R. F. D. 9, Jackson, Michigan.

  McCROY, ALEXANDER.—Last heard of at Mount Vernon.
Illinois, about 1S98, when he was an engineer on the Illi-
nois Central Railroad. Had three brothers, George, Frank-
lin, and James. Please send any information to W. H.
McCroy, P. O. Box 286, Tlptonville, Tennessee.

  HARRIS, JAMES LUTHER.—Please write to your brother.
W. T. Harris, 614 North Second Street, Pekin, Illinois, or
your half brother, J, R. Youngblood, Big Cabin, Oklahoma.

  KENNETH, H. G.—Your mother believes you are dead,
and is grieving too much. We will do anything for you wo
can. Write to your Aunt Lawsie, 123 S. Seventh Street,
Zanesville, Ohio.

  BARKSTROM, JOHN F.—Thirty-nine years old. dark,
straight hair, blue eyes. Last heard of at Alhambra, Mon-
tana, in March, 1914. Please write to your brother, W. H.
Barkstrom, 105 Vega Street, Jamestown, New York.

  SPECIAL NOTICE.—There is mail at the office of this
magazine for the following people. Plea3o send your correct
address to the Missing Department, and mention the party
you advertised for. Jean Massey. Helen V. Blui-53, Olive
Hartman Anderson, Alford Cody, and Gene Little.

  BILLIE B.—Have changed our Rddres3 to R. R. 1,
Long Lane, Missouri. Havo written two letters to L. S.
Mother.

  PERRY, JOE NELSON.—Medium height, dark hair, hazel
eves. Am still waiting for that long-looked-for letter. Am
so worried. Peggy Fullerton, 3024 Campbell Street. Kan-
683 City, Missouri.

  FERRIS, JOSEPH.—Moved from New Bedford, Massachu-
setts, to Providence, Rhode Island. About nineteen years
old. Pleaso send any information to Reginald E. Barron,
138 Ontario Street, Lynn, Massachusetts.

 GANO, KENNETH JAMES.—Formerly of Free Soil,
Michigan. Last heard from at Los Angeles, California, in
1924. His mo\her would be very grateful for any infor-
mation concerning him. Mrs. James Gano. R. F. D. 2,
Hebron, Ohio.

  PERKINS or TANSWELL, HELEN.—Please write to an
old friend. M. G., care of this magazine.

  JOHNSON, MILLIE.—Colored, age twenty-two. La>t
heard from at Mamou, Louisiana. Any one knowing her
please notify her friend, Merrell Wilson, Bos 102, Carthage,
Texas.
ADVERTISING SECTIOS

People You Admire * »• *■

“RUN-DOWN, IRRITABLE AND DEPRESSED, my
nerves were in a dreadful condition. My physician recom-
mended Fleischmann’s Yeast. I took three cakes a day for
two months. I noticed a remarkable change. My energy re-
turned, my complexion regained its freshness. And I still
take my Fleischmann’s Yeast to keep fit.”

Virginia B. Maurice, New York City.

I'HIS FAMOUS FOOD tones up the
entire system—aids digestion—clears
the skin—banishes constipation

 Buoyant, vital, they banished their ills—
 found fresh joy—through one food

 NOT a “cure-all,” not a medicine in any
 sense — Fleischmann’s Yeast is simply a
 renwkable fresh food.

    The millions of tiny active yeast plants in
  every cake invigorate the whole system. They
  aid digestion—clear the skin—banish the poi-
  sons of constipation. Where cathartics give
  only temporary relief, yeast strengthens the
  intestinal muscles and makes them healthy
  and active. And day by day it releases new
  stores of energy.

    Eat two or three cakes regularly every day
  before meals: on crackers—in fruit juices,
  water or milk—or just plain, nibbled from the
  cake. For constipation especially, dissolve one
  cake in hot water (not scalding) before breakfast
  and at bedtime. Buy several cakes at a time—
  they will keep fresh in a cool dry place for two
  or three days. All grocers have Fleischmann’s
  Yeast. Start eating it today!

    Let us send you a free copy of our latest
  booklet on Yeast for Health. Health Research
  Dept. Z-29, The Fleischmann Company, 701
  Washington Street, New York.

 “ ‘YOU LOOK SO MUCH BETTER than we,
 who have had vacations, do’ remarked several of
 my teachers today. ‘Is it the arduous work of
 summer school or prosperity that agrees with
 you? The truth is that Fleischmann’s Yeast has
 cured the constipation that sapped my strength
 for so long. Today I feel like a new man.”

          Charles F. Willis, Baltimore, Md.

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements
ADVERTISING SECTION

    He detects the
    slightest trouble

 If you see your den-
 tist at least every six
 months he can pre-
 vent teeth decay and
 detect the first trace
 of gum infections.
 It is better to sec him
 in time than to take
 chances with your
 health.

Pyorrhea robs
FOUR out of FIVE

'there's an Ever sharp for
you in any sty It and si-zeyoie
iwant. This one, the pop-
ular standard gift and
business model, "with 18
inches of lead up its sleeve,
gold-filled at $^

School days end— Commence-
ment is here — and workaday
life is beginning. Give the grad-
uate a gift that carries both
sentiment and practicality.

Give something that bridges
these momentous days between
theory and reality, and helps
translate the chance thought
into sure advancement,

Give the gift that better than
any other teaches Success’ first
lesson:

Put it on Paper! -
v v

Success waits on the man who
keeps in line with his thinking
those best friends of an active
brain— EFERSHARP AND
Waul Pen.

       Perfect writing mate for
       E-versharp is the new Wahl
       Pen. Finely balanced; beau-
       tifully and lastingly made of
       precious gold and silver;
       precisely designed to match
       your Eversharp, in combina-
       tion sets, or individually

   "$8

EVERS HARP

and

WAHL PEN

© 1926, The Wahl Co.. Chicago. Canadian Factory. Toronto

 Rtfhan’s

 FOR THE GUMS

More Than a Tooth Paste . . It Checks W Pyorrhea

According to dental statistics, pyorrhea steals
into the mouths of four out of five men and
women after forty. You can tell pyorrhea’s
approach by tender, bleeding gums. Go to
your dentist at once for treatment and be
sure to use Forhan’s for the Gums night and
morning.

  Forhan’s prevents or checks pyorrhea. It
contains Forhan's Pyorrhea Liquid
which dentists use in combat-
ing pyorrhea's ravages. It firms the
gums and keeps them pink and
healthy.

  The entire family should begin
to use Forhan’s today. Besides safe-
guarding the health it cleanses the
teeth perfectly.

  You owe it to your health to make
Forhan's a regular daily habit. At
all druggists 35c and 60c in tubes.

Formula of R. J. Forhan, I. D. S.
Forhan Company, New York

Please mention this magazine when answering; advertisements
ADVERTISING SECTION

Blue=jay

THE SAFE AND GENTLE WAY TO END A CORN

© 1926	______

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements

o as

"7££T

..how they’re kept
free from corns.

Babe Ruth’s Home Run Feet

“It isn’t always the length of the
hit that scores the run. Some'
times it’s the speed in getting
around the bases. So I have to
keep my feet in prime shape.”

So writes Babe Ruth—the
famous “Bambino” of the New
York Yankees.

“Ball players are prone to
corns. Our feet get pretty rough
service. But I keep mine free of
corns by putting on a Blue=jay
whenever a potential corn ap-
pears in the offing.”

When trouble is a'foot—have Blue=jay at
hand! For 26 years it has been the standard
home corrvremover. Ask your physician or
chiropodist. Blue~jay goes to the root of the
matter and routs the troublesome offender—
usually in 48 hours. But even the most stub'
born corn seldom needs more than a second
Blue-jay plaster . . . . At all drug stores.
ADVERTISING SECTION

 Leather face

or baby face

  Spreading the gospel of the Mennen
  Shave naturally makes me notice faces
  a whole lot.

     I’ve been handed the keys of the city
  by men with faces as tender-skinned
  as a baby’s and others with faces that
  looked like a Sunday roast-of-beef on
  Wednesday.

     And they all swear by Mennen ShavingCream.
   Here's a lather that can reduce the horniest
   whiskers to absolute and complete limpness.
   The great Mennen discovery — Dermutation.

     If you’re one of those 3-brush-dabs and 7-
   second-razor artists, it gives you a shave — a
   close shave—better than you’ve ever had be-
   fore. A shave that stays all day.

     And if you’ve got a tender, shave-every-
   other-day skin, your razor goes through literally
   without any pull or scrapy feeling. A clean,
   smooth de-bearding every day.

     Next, a little squeeze of Mennen Skin Balm
   rubbed over the shaved area. Tingling, cooling,
   refreshing. Tones up the tissue—soothes any
   possible irritation. Greaseless—absorbed in half
   a minute—and as sensible as putting on a clean
   collar togoand see your bestgirl. Comesin tubes.

     Same way with Mennen-Talcum-for-Men.
  Made so it won’t show on your face. Dries the
  skin thoroughly. Antiseptic. Leaves a gorgeous
  silk-like film that protects against wind, rain,
  sun or a scraggly collar.

     Step into your corner drugstore today and
   get the makings. It’s a good g
   habit to get habituated to. /f*u

                       (_/	Salt,bob) Q

N^nn^N

Illustration shows how
LYNCO Muscle - Building
Arch Cushion supports
banes of foot, relieving
piin, while foot muscles
gain strength.

Rest Your Tender
Foot Arches On
Soft, Springy
CUSHIONS

Never permit them to be propped up
by some hard, unyielding support.
LYNCO Muscle-Building Arch Cush-
ions are entirely flexible—they’re Na-
ture’s first-aid protection against foot
aches and pains due to weak or fallen
arches.

       They conform to every curve of the
       foot in any position it takes, giving
       continuous, resilient support. Itis the
       only type of support that follows every
       movement of the foot and allows free
       muscular action and normal circula-
       tion.

LYNCO Muscle - Building
Arch Cushions are made of
special cellular rubber covered
with soft leather—no metal.

They give immediate and per-
manent relief from pain. Light
in weight and comfortable to
wear any time with any shoes.

See your doctor, chiropodist or shoe dealer
—or write us for full information.

KLEISTONE RUBBER CO., Inc.

70 Cutler Street	Warren, R. I.

EASY-WEAR FOOT AIDS

Please mention this magazine

when answering advertisements
ADVERTISING SECTION

Why Buy a
Burgess Flashlight?

\V7HY buy fire, life, theft or auto-
W mobile insurance? Or,why lock
your doors?

Simply to guarantee that in emergencies
you will receive definite assistance and
protection in one form or another which
will overcome the immediate danger and
possible loss.

Burgess Flashlights have for many years
been a convenient and positive guarantee
that will guard, guide and aid you against
the dangers and inconvenience of darkness.

Don’t buy just a flashlight. Ask for Bur-

?ess. Look for the distinctive package,
'he success of Burgess Radio Batteries
has proved conclusively the quality of all
products of the Burgess Battery Company,

A Laboratory Product

Burgess Battery Company

     General Sales Office : Chicago
     Canadian Factories and Offices:
     Niagara Falls and Winnipeg

BURGESS

FLASHLIGHTS &

BATTERIES

 Prove
 your fish stories
 —take pictures •

  The largest always seem to get
  away but the big beauty that took
  so much skill to land makes a tale
  worth telling—if you can prove it
  with pictures.

  Your Ready-Set camera is pre-
pared for instant action required
without setting for light, speed or
distance. Open — aim —
shoot—just as easy as
that, and you can prove
it when you tell it.

Ansco Speedex Film—
in the red box with the
yellow band—fits all roll
film, cameras and is
made for inexperienced
picture takers to get just
the pictures they want.

ANSCO

CAMERAS SPEEDEX FILM

Pioneer Camera Makers of America
Ansco—Binghamton, N. Y.

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements
ADVERTISING SECTION

  Wrist Watch
14-K white gold hand rPfi
engraved case. Fancy lul
wing ends. Silver dial. XwCSi
High grade 15-Jewel
movement, $25. $2.50 ffll
down and $1.00 a wk. fan /gm

  17-Jewel Elgin t«Y/
No.15—Greengold.17* I*' ® J|
Jewel Elgin Watch;25-	AW

Year Quality Case; 12 I Pn m
Sire; Gilt Dial; $30. $3 l7UJ5jw
down and $1.00 a wk. V jgy
Wedding Rinn^^v
!&wM^o,dE!,t!”*75(l

Set with 3 DiamondB.S22.60;
6 Diamonds, *32.60: 7 Dl»-
1*2362? nvonda, M2. SO;« Diamond,,
162.60; 12 Diamonds.167.60.

Stores

in

Leading

Cities

       THE OLD RELIABLE ORIGINAL CREDIT JEWELERS
       Dept. A222 108 N. State Street	Chicago, III.

CASH or CREDIT

       It’s Easy to Own a Genuine Diamond Ring

         Ourimmense stocks include thousands of the latest
         )> mountings in platinum and solid
         wa, gold, and set with brilliant blue
         white Diamonds of exceptional
         quality. Order today and get
         your ring at once. Pay 10%
         'down—wo ship goods immediately.
         Balance weekly, semi-monthly, or
         ,. _ monthly as convenient.

'M&i. Big Diamond Book FREEI
Write for It Today I

 It sets them going. Young folks are enamored by
 ^{hose tantalizing tunes. Be the Jazz King with your

            'ES

                          one

  SAXOPHONE

Teach yourself, 3 free lessons give you quick
easy start. Try any instrument in your own
home 6 days free. See what you can do. Easy
terms if you decide to buy. Send now for
beautiful free literature. A postal brings details.

   Buescher Band Instrument Co. (<*x)
1556 Buescher Block_Elkhart, Indiana

30 Days’Free Tri

         Select from 44 Styles, colors and i
famous Ranger bicycles. Delivered free on approval,
express prepaid, at Factory Prices. You can easily
save $10 to 825 on your bicycle. Prices $21.50 and up.

6SaMomh»teriftatS'B»

girls can easily earn small monthly payments. Pay a9 you ride.
—	best quality, at factory prices, exjrreaa prepaid.

         L*mps, wheels and equipment, low prices. Send

*Tno Money,ao business direct with makers.

%MZZ7l CYCIE COMPANY

XVlCdUDIPE M-4, CHICAGO

Writ* today for fre#
Ranger Catalog, fac- - L,
tory prices and marvel-N
looa easy paymept terms

                     Others Earning $100 Weekly selling direct
                     to wearer, Custom Quality Shirts made by
                     Carlton, 5th Ave., N. Y. America's greatest
                     Bmrt values. Kitks, staples and exclusive pat-
                     terns. Wo deliver and collect, lour profit;
                     25rr. paid daily. Big, beautiful sample out-
                     fit FREE. Permanent position. Salesmen and
                     Salewomen write today for outfit.

                          CARLTON MILLS, INC.,

                  98 Fifth Ave. Dept 73-E New York

FRECKLES

Tells How to Get Rid of These Ugly Spots
and Have a Beautilul Complexion

 There’s no longer the slightest need of feeling
 ashamed of your freckles, as Othine—double strength
 —is guaranteed to remove these homely spots.

 Simply get an ounce of Othine from any drug or
 department store and apply a little of it night and
 morning and you should soon see that even the worst
 freckles have begun to disappear, while the lighter
 ones have vanished entirely. It is seldom that more
 than an ounce is needed to completely clear the skin
 and gain a beautiful complexion.

 Be sure to ask for the double strength Othine as
 this is sold under guarantee of money back if it fails
 to remove your freckles,
 when answering advertisements

GIRDLON

Please mention this magazine

    With skirts so short,
 the younger set are now
 wearing stockings over
 the knee instead of rolled,
 and, still uncorsetted,
 have joyously welcomed
 the Girdlon to hold their
 stockings trimly taut.

 vV&l	t: * or The Girdlon is of

 'SpN	dainty webbing or shirred

                        ribbon, and is a perfec'ly
  comfortable “garter belt."
  There is no pinching at
  the waist, because it is
  worn around the hips where it is scarcely felt—
  and it cannot possibly slip down.

    If you don't find it readily, your favorite shop
will order it. Or we will gladly serve you direct—
webbed garters $1.25, shirred ribbon $1.75, post-
paid. Give htp measure only and color preference.

GEORGE FROST COMPANY, Boston

Makers of the famous Boston Garter for men

 Genuine Dia-
 mond
 Watch

Wrist

                       With Order
                       10 Months to Pay

                 Simply clip this ad, pin a $1 bill to
 it. and mail it with your name and ad-
 dress TODAY This guaranteed 16 Jewel Wrist
 watch with 14 K Solid Gold case, set with 4 Blue-
 white Diamonds and 4 Blue Sapphirex will come for
 your approval and 15 day trial. Price $42.50.

 If satisfied. pay only $4.15 a month, otherwise
 return and your $1 will be sent back. No Ked
 Tap«—Prompt Delivery. All Dealings Con-
 fidential.

 Send for
 This Book—
 It’s FREE!

 Over 3,000
 other bargains
 in Diamonds,
 Watches, Jew-
 elry and Silver-
 waro, — appro-

  Sriate Rifts for
  r ad u ations.
  Weddings, An-
  niversaries and
  E n gagements.
  Send for it
  NOW.
ADVERTISING SECTION

CHICAGO TIRE & RUBBER CO.

31OQ S. Michigan Ave. Dept.E£HCHICAGO

 Prices according to quality
 up to $25 the pair.

Write for
Correct Dress
Chart "E”

The Baer & Wilde Co.
Attleboro, Mass., U.S.A.

A HUNDRED times a
day your cuff jumps
into the foreground
of the picture—telling your
taste in dress!

 Kum - a - part Buttons in
 your cuffs add that touch
 of correctness that only
 good jewelry can give.
 They’re convenient for
 you to use, click open,
 snap shut; and they’re
 guaranteed to last a life-
 time.

 At jewelers or men’s shop
 you can easily match
 Kum-a-part designs to
 your favored shirt pat-
 terns.

No Other Pen
invites this test

 More convincing than
 thirty years of everyday use
 is this proof of the fine quality
 and remar\ab\e endurance of
 the JOHN HOLLAND
 Drop Test Fountain Pen. Let
 it fall six feet—point down
 •—on hardwood. Then pick
 it Up’and write perfectly with
 it. We guarantee the Drop
 Test pen unconditionally.

The GIFT for
Qraduation

       For 61 years, John
 \ H Holland Fountain
 I j Pens have been favor-
 I ed graduation gifts.

      No fountain pen
 \I / gives greater value in
 —I— beauty and service.

 Sir Jewel «* * - $7.00
 Lady Jewel - - $5.00

Unconditionally

Guaranteed

 In black or colors, as you
 prefer. Barrels and caps ere
 indestructible. Other John
 Holland Pens, $2.75 up.
 Write today for name of
 nearest dealer.

^p/WHN HOLLAND GOLD PEN CO.

V" Pan Makers Since 184-1
CincxnnatL Ohio

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements
ADVERTISING SECTION

    w

  Without question

BECAUSE It costs us more to make Fatima
the retail| price is likewise higher. But would

                     1 I

men continue to pay more, do you think,
except for genuinely increased enjoyment?
The fact cannot be denied — they do continue

What a whale of a difference just a few cents make

 Liggett & Mvkks Tobacco Co.

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements
  Let Kodak keep your vacation

Autographic Kodaks, $5 up

Eastman Kodak Company, Rochester, N. \., The Kodakcuy
