SATURDAY SEPTEMBER

Breath of
the Dragon

 by A. H. Fitch

A Remarkable
Romance of the
Yellow Empire
No Money In Advance

 Two-Wonderful Bargains

   Here are two of the most Wonderful Hartman Special Get-
Acquainted Bargains ever offered. Pick out the one you want.
Fill in the coupon and mail today. Send no money. We will ship it
to you promptly, so you can see before you buy. Hartman’s Mam-
moth Organization, with its $12,000,000 Capital and Resources, makes it
EASY for everyone tof urnish the home at smallest cost on real credit terms. .

No references asked—no interest—no “red tape.” If goods are not satis- "
factory, return within 30 days at our expense. If you are perfectly satis-
fied, pay in small monthly sums. We ship only one of these bargains to a
family, but when you get our Mammoth Bargain Book you may order as
many items as you like in Furniture, Carpets, Draperies, Silverware, etc.,
all on easy credit terms at Rock-Bottom Prices.

    Send no money—just the coupon—and we will ship you this magnificent
Rocker. You couldn’t begin to duplicate it at any store or from any mail
order concern at anything like the low price we ask. The frame is made of
solid oak throughout with strong elm rockers. Just note the rich appear-
ance of the embossed carving of front posts, wings and center strip that
divides the back into two panels—the very latest idea in rocker construction.
Note, too, the rich grain of the Imitation Spanish leather seat and back with
the luxurious roll at top of back. If you are not more than pleased with
it, just return it at our expense. You won’t be out a cent. If you keep it,
pay only 50c in 10 days after it arrives and balance of our special bargain
price of only $4.97 at the rate of 75c per month.

               Rocker
               No. MK 230

                  Frame strongly
built of solid oak,
with beautifully em-
bossed carving on front
posts, back panel strip and side wings; handsome
golden finish. Upholstered in guaranteed Span-
ish imitation leather. Back divided into two
panels by richly carved strip. Seat measures
19x19 in., height of back from seat 25K in.; height
of back from floor 39 in. Seat supported by four
heavy steel springs. Price $4.97—no money in
advance; 60c in 10 days; balance50c per month.

 Send no money—just send coupon for
 this beautiful three-piece Library Set.
 Pay only 50 cents in ten days accord-
 ing to our liberal terms, or return at
 our expense. Set is of thoroughly
 seasoned solid oak, fumed finish,
 beautifully made and well pro-
 portioned. As handsome looking
 furniture as you ever saw for the
 money. You will be amazed at
 this wonderful bargain and pleased
 with our liberal credit terms.

  Three-piece Library Set, solid, oak in fumed
finish. Adams period design. Tabletop 38x26in.
Stands 29 in. high and has 1 in. shelf. Legs cut
from 2-in. stock, fitted with nickled slides. 6Min.
center panel with artistic embossing. 4 m. apron
trimmed with Adams Urn carving. Chair and
rocker of solid oak with genuine quarter-sawed
arms. Finish, trimmings and carving match table
perfectly. Chair 41 in. high; rocker 87 in. high;

  jiu nr> -______ in 10 in hpttuppn nrms

width 26 in.; arms 4x21 in., 19 in- between arms.
Seats 1924x20 in., filled with wood, fibre and moss.

Send tor FREE
Bargain Catalog }

containing thousands of wonderful ^
Bargains in Home Furnishings—all a
sold on the Hartman Liberal Credit *

Plan. Write today.	/

HARTMAN '

Furniture and Carpet Co.,

3803 Wentworth Ave., Chicago, 111. ^ Address..

HARTMAN Will Trust You

Only 50c in 10 Days

Just write in coupon below the bargain you want and it

_________________ will be shipped without one cent in advance. If not pleased,

supported'^Ith6heavy'steef sprin|s“rrsTinK on return within 30 days at our expense and we’ll refund every

steel charmelb^. Top slat 6 in.; frwit rail 4^;> cent you have paid_ 1{ you consi<jer it the biggest bargain you ever saw.
Spanislfimftation^eathcr. Only $15.85-60c in 10 pay a little each month according to terms quoted here,
days, balance $1 per month.

              MAIL THIS COUPON

 Hartman Furniture and Carpet Co.,

           3803 Wentworth Avenue, Chicago, W.

Send me article No......................................................

                                 (Fill in name and number)

  If I keep it, I will pay 50c in 10 days and balance In email

monthly payments as per terms and prices quoted in this ad.

Name .

U' only catalog id wanted, place an X in this □.
ALL-STORY WEEKLY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

S* frt r*\ \\f? (} l<\ V Vt \\ \\

Earn $2500 to $4000 a Year

 Your CHANCE has come! Your chance for big money. Your
 chance to do the kind of work you’ll be proud of. Your chance to go
 into business for yourself. Think of it! You can now qualify AT HOME
 I for that most wonderful of all fields open to the ambitious man—the great
 > field of ELECTRICITY! Yes, no matter who you are, where you live or

 (A. W. Wicks,

 E. E.

 1 Formerly with
 the General
 Electric Com-

 ' pany; former General
 Manager of company
 manufacturing Jen«
 ney Electric Motors;
 also formerly withFair-
 banks, Morse & Co.;
 now Consulting En-
 k gineer and Director4
 k k of the Wicks Elec-J
 trical Institute.

 wonder how it was possible.

LEARN AT HOME

 What if you don’t know a thing about electricity! What if
 1 you’ve never had a bit of electrical experience. All I ask is that you
 \give me a little of your spare time. I will instruct you personally and

  make the whole matter bo simple for you that you can’t help but learn. You don’t
  have to buy a lot of books or equipment. You can master MY personal instructions
  easily right at home. I’ve solved this question of teaching electricity. I’ll show
  you I have by giving you 20 personal lessons ABSOLUTELY FREE. Almost
  from the very first instructions you will have the knowledge and skill to do
  practical, electrical work—work that you can demand good money for doing.

  You can earn as you learn—more than pay for your instruction as you go along.

Be An Electrician

competent regardless of the time it takes. I not only show you how to do expert electrical
r work but show you how to estimate on jobs so you can take contracts at big profits. That’s
what it means to be personally trained by a man of my practical experience in every
5 phase of electricity. Decide today to take advantage of my big free 20 personal lessons
offer. Don’t let the question of money bother you. I make the cost so small and the
payments so easy that you won’t miss the money.

 HfCJU 1/1/A jVTFI) Wherever you go there’s always urgent demand
 WW rml* ■	for Expert Electricians and at big pay. That’s

 because the watchword of the age is, “DO IT ELECTRICALLY.” Electricity advances
 eo fast that there’s a big shortage of competent electricians. And the demand is constanUy increasing every day.

20 Complete Lessons FREE!

 That’s the sensational offer I am making now to a few more ambitious men. f Send this
 I make it for two reasons. 1st. To show you how easy my personal instruc- f M i512S?i?c
 tions are to master. 2nd. To secure quick action on the part of a few f e e Direct*
 more prospective students. This offer means that you get 20 complete ^wick's elec. institute.
 personal lessons ABSOLUTELY FREE! But you must act quick,

 The offer closes in 23 days. Send coupon or postcard at once. I’ll f Without any obligation on
 send full particulars immediately. Mail coupon today-sure! /

 Am mm miAifM — —	_ __	_ _ _	a instructions in Electricity and

 . W. WICKS, E. E., Director Wicks Electrical Institute, >^o^o«taE^1Ke'peci81 offer of

 SI West Randolph St., Dept. 187 Chicago, III. Y

  J Name.........................................

fO®	CJTK.	f Street and No...................................

^ C*ty....................................State...........

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention All-Story Weekly.
ALL-STORY WEEKLY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Complexion

Powder

/ the Red '
Trimmed
Orange Color-
ed Box-Seen
\ Every- J
\ , where

STUDIOS AQUARIUM

The price of this unusual set is $5.00 complete

Including frog crystal support» for the globe

LIGHTING STUDIOS CO., 222 West 42nd Street, New York City

For a
COMPLEXION
Like Hers

                      simply do whatLouise Huff and other fa-
                      mous stars do, whose complexions are
                      subject to particular notice—use Carmen
                      Complexion Powder. Then you will have
                      a complexion of peach-and-cream charm.
                      Blends perfectly with the tones of the skin
                      and it adheres. Does not rub or blow off.

                           ^ Gives a clear, glowing complex-
                               ion that is always beautiful de-
                               spite glaringlightand perspira-
                               tion. Why put up with ordi-
                               nary face
                               powders
                               when Car*
                               men will
                               give you
                               the most
                               charming
                               complexion

beauty? Get a box today and see how de-
lighted you will be. Insist on Carmen!

White, Pink, Flesh, Cream—50c Everywhere

Stafford-Miller Co., 505 Olive St., St. Louis, Mo.

  10 Cents a Day

         Pays for This Cornat An astounding offer! Only
         rays for i ms v^ornoi J()c a , b thja „uper^

 .	Triple Silver Plated Lyric Cornet. FREE TRIAL before

         you decide to buy. Write for our big offer.

     Free Band Catalog

 Carrying Case Free

 with this superb
 triple silver plat-
 ed Lyric Cornet.

                                  Write for our big
 new 260-page
 Band Catalog.
 Rock-bottom, direct-from-the-manufacturer’s prices on
 all kinds of instrumts. Pay for them at the rate of only
 a few cents a day. Generous allowance for old instru*
 ments. Free Trial. We supply the U.S.Gov't. Write now.

THE RUDOLPH WURLITZER CO.. Dept. 1086,

4th St.. Cincinnati. Ohio. S. Wabash Ave., Chicago.

30 Days FREE TRIAL

        and freight prepaid on the new 1917 “ RANGER”
        bicycle. Write at once and get our big catalog and
        special offers before buying.

         Marvelous Improvements. Extraordinary values in
         our 1917 price offers. You cannot afford to huy without
         getting our latest propositions.. WHITE TODAY.

          Boys, be a “ Rider Agent ” and make big money tak-
  ing orders for* bicycles and supplies. Get our liberal
  terms on a sample to introduce the new “ RANGER.”
  Tires, equipment, sundries and everything in the
  bicycle line half usual prices. Auto, and Motorcycle Supplies.
  MEAD CYCLE CO., DEPT. D-114, CHICAGO

IAW

                                 Our simple method of
 home law instruction fits
 you to earn $2,500 to
 $10,000 yearly as a
 lawyer or legally-trained
 business man. .WE
 GUARANTEE TO IN-
 CREASE YOUR PRES-
 ENT INCOME 50 PER
 CENT. 109 books — a complete law library — furnished every
 student. BAR EXAMINATION GUARANTEE. You pay only as
 you progress — in small installments. Tuition refunded if dis-
 satisfied. SEND POSTAL FOR 80-PAGE FREE BOOK TODAY I

AMERICAN SCHOOL OF CORRESPONDENCE

Dept. L 1086, Drexel Avenue and 58th Street, Chicago, U. S. A.

COPY THIS SKETCH

 and let me see what you can do with it.
 Illustrators and cartoonists earn from $20
 to $125 a week or more. My practical
 system of personal individual lessons by
 mail will develop your talent. Fifteen years
 successful work for newspapers and maga-
 zines qualifies me to teach you. Send me
 your sketch of President Wilson with 6c in stamps
 and 1 will send you a test lesson plate, also collec-
 tion of drawings showing possibilities for YOU.

 The Landon School

and Cartooning

 1459 SOnOFIELD BUILDING, CLEVELAND, 0.

IBS?

FINE OLD VIOLINS

        On Easy Payments
        30 Days Free Trial

                 allowed, no matter where you live.
                 If not more than pleased with our values
                 return violin AT OCR EXPENSE—and no
                 harm done. Ability to play the violin
                 brings social and financial success. Get a
                 violin with a rich, mellow tone and it will
                 create in you a desire to master it.

               Free! Magnificent
               Album-Catalog

                        containing portraits of the
                     world's greatest violinists since Pag-
                     anini’s time, a half-tone of 'Stradi-
                     varius in His Workshop,” and the
                     romantic story of The King of
                     Musical Instruments. A postal brings
                     all to you FREE — no obligations.

             CREMONA VIOLIN SHOP
             Dept. G-559	Chicaao

   Bisr opportunities await ambitious men in the banking business today.
   America is fast gaining a leading position in world finance. New
   i domestic and foreign banking institutions are organizing daily. Our
   new course and text, just completed by leading banking and finan- I
   cial experts, makes it possible for those either with or without pre- 1
   vious banking experience to thoroughly master modern banking
   in all its departments, at home by mail, without interfering with I
   present duties. Write today for free book on Banking and I
   Finance. Learn how we can train you for important banking
   positions. Low cost, easy terms. Write now for special re-
   ‘ duced rate scholarship offer to those enrolling at this time.

LaSalle Extension University, Dept.932-D Chicago, 111.

                  "World’s Greatest Extension University"

The attractiveness of the living room in your

Bungalow, Cottage, or Camp

will be increased a hundred-fold by using
a simple touch of nature. Goldfish will pro-
duce the desired effect, but it can be
heightened and made doubly attractive
by keeping them in a unique

  We’ll send you a genuine Laehmte for you
  to wear for 10 full days. If you can tell it from a
  real diamond send it back at our expense. Costs
  but l-30th as much. If you decide to keep it pay
  only a few cents a month. Write for catalog.

 Genuine LacHnite Gems

  keep their dazzling fire forever. Set in solid gold.
  Cut by world renowned diamond cutters. Will stand
  fire and acid tests. All kinds of jewelry at astound-
  ing low prices. Easy payments. WRITE TODAY.

  H. Lachman Co., 12 N. Michigan Av., Chicago, Dept.1086

In answering any advertisement on this page it f# desirable that you mention All-Sto*y Wbhkly.
ALL-STORY WEEKLY

Vol. LXII

* «3> 4

3o

CONTENTS FOR SEPTEMBER 2, 1916

 L2E

Number 1

|T<Q> 1

                                                                              FOUR CONTINUED STORIES                                         
    Breath of the Dragon . . .                                    . A. H. Fitch . . .                                     1                  
A Five-Part Story --- Part One                                                                                                               
   The Courtship Superlative .                                    ( Octavus Roy Cohen )                • •                89                 
A Four-Part Story --- Part One                                    \ and J. U. Giesy f                  • •                127                
        The Reckless Age . . .                                                                                                               
A Four-Part Story --- Part Two                                                                                                               
               Two’s Two......                                                                         • •                161                
A Four-Part Story --- Part Two                                                                                                               
                           ONE NOVELETTE                                                                                                     
        The Step-Livelies ....                                    . Henry Payson Dowst                 • •                40                 
                                                                                  FOUR SHORT STORIES                                         
      The Dame and Pythias . .                                    . Frank R. Adams .                   • •                33                 
     The Man in the Mirror . .                                    . Lillian B. Hunt . .                • •                83                 
     A “Different ” Story                                                                                                                    
        Officially Sprung ....                                                                         • •                115                
       The Grain of Sand . . .                                                                         • •                154                
                               VERSE                                                                                                         
Sonnet to a Swat . . . George Allan England 39                    The Specter .... Mabel J. Bourquin                      114                
The Garden of Books . . Margaret G. Hays 82                       Mil Thomas Withrow 153                                  126                
Labor Day.....                                                                                                                               
      Heart to Heart Talks . .                                    . The Editor . . .                                      187                
             THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY, 8 WEST FORTIETH STREET, NEW YORK, and TEMPLE HOUSE, TEMPLE AVENUE, E. C., LONDON                   
                      Frank A. Munbby, President Richard H. Tithkbington, Secretary Chbibtopher H. Pops, Treasurer                           
Single copies, lO cents. By the year, $4.00 in United States, its dependencies, Mexico and Cuba ; $6.00 to Canada, and $7.00 to Foreign      
Countries. Remittances should be made by check, exprass money order or postal money order. Currency should not be sent unless registered     
                                     ISSUED WEEKLY. COPYRIGHT, 191«, BY THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY                                          
ENTERED AT THE NEW YORK POST-OFFICE AS SECOND CLASS MAIL MATTER—COPYRIGHTED IN GREAT BRITAIN
 is to put the reader in touch imme-
 diately with the newest needfuls ior
 the home, office, farm, or person; to
 offer, or seek, an unusual business
 opportunity, or to suggest a service
 that may be performed satisfactorily
 through correspondence. It will pay
 a housewife or business man equally
 well to read these advertisements
 carefully.

  Classified Adver-
  tising Rates in
  The Mumey Magazines

                        Line Rale.

Munsey’s Magazine . $2.00 \ Special

  The Argosy.....1.30 I Combination

  Railroad Man’s Maga- ( Line Rato
  $4.49

All-Story Weekly

. . .80/
. . .601

*L70/

Less 3* cask
discount.

Sept. 30th All-Story Wnkly Forms C!osi Sept. 9th

“ A Neu> Force In Business " is a booklet that tells hn<o to
advertise successfully in the Classified Department of tKe
Munsey Magazines. Mailed anywhere on request.

AGENTS & SALESMEN WANTED

 AG ENTS-MARVELOUS MERIT WINS: SCIENCE
TRIUMPHS. Eight men order 47,620 packages first 16 days;
largest, most reputable Corporation Manufacturing Clothes
Washing Marvel starts you; backs you; furnishes free beautiful
motion picture slides—Your Name appearing. Kalomite is
Original; Supreme; Makes Clothes Snow White Without Rub-
bing, washboards or machines; Kalomite is Not a powder;
not just paraffin wax. $1000 guarantee: experience unneces-
sary; credit granted; protective certificate issued. Wonderful
Repeat Order Opportunity. Write Today for extraordinary proof.
Equitable Corporation. Dept. 404, 215 Superior, Chicago.

  AGENTS—COOPER MADE $314 OAST MONTH. $91 LAST
WEEK, selling '* Kantleak " Raincoats. New proposition. We
deliver and collect. Sample coat Free. Comer Mfg. Co.,
105 Owen Street, Dayton, Ohio.

  HERE’S YOUR CHANCE TO START a permanent and
profitable mail order business of your own. No experience
necessary. No capital needed, Rig Profits. Write for particulars.
The S. Dean Co., 244 West 41st Street, New York City, N. Y.

 ENERGETIC MEN MAKE BIG MONEY
SELLING SLICK-SHINE in every home, store, garage and
through sub-agents. Duplicate orders come easy. Address
Slick-Shine Co., Newark. N. J.

 MEN AND WOMEN AGENTS MAKE BIG MONEY—

Selling Patented Flatiron Waxer. Labor saver. Sells on sight.
Repeat orders. Exclusive territory. Sample 6c. H. Jarrett & Co.,
125 Cedar Street, New York.

 $50 A WEEK UP. ALL THE FREE CLOTHES YOU
WANT TO WEAR simply to advertise us. Write today for
lielf-measuring blanks, style chart, big book of samples, etc.
.Send no money. A postal card brings all. We pay expressage
on everything. American Woolen Mills Co., Dept. 001, Chicago.

  EVERY HOME ON FARM. IN SMALL TOWN OR SUBURBS

needs and will buy the wonderful Aladdin kerosene (eoal-oil)
Mantle Lamp. Five times as bright as electric. Tested and
recommended by Government and thirty-four leading Universi-
ties. Awarded Gold Medal. One farmer cleared over $500 in six
weeks. Hundreds with rig$ or autos earning $100 to $300 per
month. No capital required; we furnish goods on time to reliable
men. Write Quick for sample lamp for free trial, distributor’s
proposition and secure apiiointment in exclusive territory.
Mantle Lamp Co., 605 Aladdin Ruilding, Chicago, 111.

 SALESMEN SELLING RESTAURANT, HOTEL, CAFE,
Cigar, Pool, Drug, General Store Trade, can do big business
with our new live pocket side line. All merchants towns 100,000
and under want it. $5.00 commission each sale. No collecting.
No expense or risk to merchant. We take back all unsold
goods. Canfield Mfg. Co., 208 Sigel Street, Chicago, Illinois.

 FREE SAMPLE — NOSPLASH WATER
STRAINERS SELL THEMSELVES. No talking—experience
unnecessary. Daily profits $5 upwards. Send 2c (mailing cost).
F. U. R. Union Filter Co., New York.

 BIG TEXTILE MILLS WANT AMBITIOUS MEN AND
WOMEN EVERYWHERE to show latest dress fabrics, neck-
wear, hosiery, underwear, and sweaters. 400 styles. Easy
sales. Values beat stores Many making over $30 weekly. All
or spare time. Complete sample outfit starts you. Steadfast Mills,
84 Remsen Street. Cohoes, N. Y.

HELP WANTED

  THE WAY TO GET A GOVERNMENT JOB is through the
Washington Civil Service School. We prepare you, and you get
a iH)sition or we guarantee to refund your money. Write to
Earl Hopkins, President, Washington, 1). C.. for Rook FK 1053,
telling about 202,206 Government Positions with lifetime em-
ployment. short hours, sure pay, regular vacations.

  SALESMEN capable of dealing with persons seeking unusually
profitable investments are invited to write us at once. Oppor-
tunity exceptional; commission liberal; work permanent.
Brookes, 10 Wall Street. New York.

  WE WILL PAY YOU $120.00 for congenial work in your own
community. 60 days or less. Man or woman. No capital required.
Opportunity for promotion. Spare time may be used. Full partic-
ulars free. International Press, 435 Winston Bldg., Pliila., Pa.

WOMEN AGENTS WANTED

  “ HIRE YOURSELF AS BOSS.” Rig Corporation will back
you in a money making Mail Order business selling Guaranteed
quick sale goods. Start spare time at home or office. Small
investment. Valuable instructions free. Wm. J. Dick, Mgr.,
Dept. A-26, 20 West Lake Street, Chicago, 111.

 $20 TO $35 PER MONTH EXTRA MONEY TO ANY
EMPLOYED PERSON without interfering with regular work.
No selling, no canvassing. Positively no investment. Unemployed
need not apply. Address The Silver Mirror Co., Incorporated,
215 W. Randolph Street, Chicago, 111.

  MEN—WOMEN WANTED EVERYWHERE. U. S. Government
Job*. $75.00 to $150.00 month. Vacations. C'ommon education
sufficient. Write immediately for free list of positions now
obtainable. Franklin Institute, Dept. M-3, Rochester, N. Y.

 NO STRIKE: HONEST, SOBER MEN	EVERY.

WHERE for firemen, brakeinen, baggagemen. $120	monthly.
Promotion. Experience unnecessary. 837 Railway Bureau,
East St. Louis, Ills.

 WRITE NEWS ITEMS and Short Stories

For Pay in spare time. Copyright book and plans free.
Press Reporting Syndicate, 434, St. Louis, Mo.

 LADY OR GENTLEMAN TO TRAVEL
For Old>Established Firm. No canvassing. Staple line. $18
weekly, pursuant to contract. Expenses advanced. K. G. Nichols,
Philadelphia, Pa., Pepper Building.

  GOVERNMENT POSITIONS PAY BIG MONEY. Examina-
tions everywhere soon. Get prepared by former United States
Civil Service Examiner.' 64 page booklet free. Write today.
Patterson Civil Service School, Rox 1304, Rochester, N. Y.

  Ladies Wanted to take exclusive agency for Children's and
Ladies' dresses and middy blouses. Original. designs and styles
that catch the eye of every woman. Big Income. All or spare
time. Write to Girls Wearing Apparel Co., 126 Wooster St.. N. Y.

  I WILL START YOU EARNING $4.00 DAILY AT HOME

in spare time, silvering mirrors. No capital. Any one can do
the work. Send for free instructive booklet,’ giving plans of
operation. G. F. Redmond, Dept. B, Boston. Mass.

BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES

 BUILD A $5,000 BUSINESS IN TWO YEARS. LET

US START YOU in the collection business. No capital
needed; big field. We teach secrets of collecting money; refer
business to you. Write today for Free Pointers and new plan.
American Collection Service, 11 State Street. Detroit, Mich.

  ADVERTISERS, MAIL DEALERS! OUR ADVERTISING
GUIDE gives rates and circulation of 2.000 different publica-
tions, includes .‘50 mail order plans. Sent upon request.
Dearborn Advertising Agency. 223 Franklin Ruilding, Chicago.

MOTION PICTURE PLAYS

  Write Moving Picture Plays, $25 To $100 Each. Big demand.

Previous experience or literary talent not required. No corre-
spondence course. Send today for free details explaining every-
thing. E-Z Scenario Co., A-C, 600 W. 127 St., New York City.

  WRITE MOVING PICTURE PLAYS. SHORT STORIES,
POEMS: $10 to $300 each. Constant demand. No correspond-
ence course. Start writing and selling at once. Details free.

Atlas Pub. Co.. 312 Atlas Ruilding. Cincinnati. Ohio._

  PHOTOPLAYS WANTED BY 48 COMPANIES; $10 TO $500
EACH PAID FOR PLAYS. No correspondence course or ex-
perience needed: details sent free to beginners. Sell your ideas.
Producers League. 320 Wainwright, St. Louis, Mo.

AUTHORS—MANUSCRIPTS

 STORIES, POEMS. PLAYS, ETC.,
ARE WANTED FOR PUBLICATION. . Good ideas
bring big money. Submit Mss. or write Literary Rureau, 110,
Hannibal, Mo.

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention All-Stobi Weekli.
ALL-STORY WEEKLY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

War prices smashed!
BARNARD&CO. offer
GenuineBlucWhite

DIAMONDS^

_Per Carat

PATENT ATTORNEYS

 PATENTS THAT PROTECT AND PAY.
ADVICE AND BOOKS FREE. Highest references. Best
results. Promptness assured. Send sketch or model for search.
Watson E. Coleman, G24 F Street, Washington, D. C.

  IDEAS WANTED—Manufacturers are writing for patents
procured through me. Three hooks with list hundreds of
inventions wanted sent free. I help you market your invention.
Advice free. It. B. Owen, 61) Owen Building, Washington, J). C.

“PRIZES FOR PATENTS.” "MONEY IN PATENTS.”

" How to Get Your Patent and Money.” “ Why Some Inventors
Kail.” " Needed Inventions.” Sent free. Send sketch for free
opinion. Randolph & Co., t>30 F Street, Washington, D. C.

 P A T E N T S — TRADE-MARKS. SEND FOR MY FREE
BOOK " HOW TO GET THEM.” It’s full of information you
should know, .losliua It. H. Potts. 8 S. Dearborn St., Chicago;
D2U Chestnut St., Philadelphia; 805 G St., Washington.

PATENTS—WRITE FOR HOW TO OBTAIN A PATENT,

list of Patent Buyers, and Inventions Wanted. $1,000,000 in
prizes offered for inventions. Send sketch for free opinion as to
patentability. Our Four Books sent free upon request. Patents
advertised Free. We assist inventors to sell their inventions.
A'ictor J. Evans Co., Patent Attys., 702 Ninth, Washington, D. C.

PATENTS — TRADE - MARKS —COPYRIGHTS.—

Protect your ideas. Information and advice free. Send
sketch or model for search. J. It. Smith, 724 Bond Building,
Washington, D. C.

STUDIES IN ENGLISH

  STUDIES IN ENGLISH, used by the American Bankers
Association, is a simplified text-book on Grammar, Com-
position and Speechmaking, reinforced by practical exercises
to be written by students and corrected through comparison
with a key containing the same exercises in proper form.
Clearness and force as well as correctness are cultivated.
Technicalities and superfluities are avoided. Such self-educa-
tion, including text-book with exercises and key to exercises,
costs $1. George E. Allen, 5 Nassau St., New York City.

TYPEWRITERS

 Startling Values In Typewriters. $10 to $15 and up. Rebuilt as
good as new. All standard makes. Shipped on trial. Write for
our “Easy Ownership” offer No. D0-A. Will positively save you
money. Whitehead Typewriter Co., 186 N. LaSalle St., Chicago.

 PRICES WRECKED. SAVE 10 TO 50% TODAY. All makes
Typewriters. Nearly New and Relmilt, $5.00 and up. Coronas
and other portable machines. Write for catalog No. 10.
Beran Typewriter Co., 58 W. Wash. St., Dept. 25A, Chicago, 111.

Learn

 Mail to be

*£ Expert Wrestler

 Be strong, athletic, healthy, handle large men with
 case. Farmer Burns, the world's most scientific
 wrestler, trainer of Frank Gotch, world's champion,
 will now toach you by mail. Also complete courses
 in jiu-jitsu self defense and physical culture.
 Only opportunity ever offered to learn right
 from champions. For men and boys, all
 ,1 asres. A wonderful course. Low cost.
 I Investigate now. You will be under no obligations whatsoever.

 BOOK Send your name, age and address for free booklet
 v w about wrestling ana full particulars. Write today.

| Farmer Burns School of Wrestling, 1086 Bamge Building, Omaha

  It tells of big openings—for live

  men—in a business full of opportuni-
  ties and not overcrowded. And it
  tells how we assist you to get started
  earning-S25 to SoO a w'eek. Best s.vs-
  ] tem, lowest price. Write today.

        MODELS FURNISHED.

  PRACTICAL AUTO SCHOOL, 66-L, Beaver St., New York.

Book on Law Free

  Write today for our new 171-page book on The
  Power of Law Training”. It carries a vital and in-
  spiring: message to every ambitious man. Find out
  about the opportunities that await the law trained
  man. Find out how you can learn from masters of the
  law right in your own home. No obligations. The book is free.
  lA/t*i fo tnrlau-n°w while we are making a special
  fwnie xoaay reduced price ouer.

      AMERICAN CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOL OF LAW
    1086Manhattan Bids.	Chicago, Illinois

SPECIAL! «
C. Blue White
Diamond. 14k.
solitaire ring.
. $42.75

 SPECIAL 1 H
 C. Blue White
 Diamond. 14k.
 solitaire rinjr.
 .... $71.13

These prices Va to V3 below retail:

carat $6.25	% carat $64.25

'4 carat 15.50	1 carat 88.00

% carat 29.00	1V2 C. 138.00

Don’t pay war prices! Direct importing
and cut profits al low us to continue our startling
before-tlie-war prices for a short time longer. If
you expect to invest in a fine diamond between
now and Xmas, get our Free Book at once ; lenrn
why we alone can sell the popular Blue White
quality for only $88 per carat.

SEND NO MONEY!

Examine FREE any diamond bargain in our
stock at your bank or express office. Not one penny
of expense to you, or the slightest obligation to
buy. Find out at our expense why our wonderful
values are the sensation of the diamond business.

Bankable MONEYBACK Guarantee

—the only one in the diamond business which you
can tike to any bank and cnsh in your investment if you
want to. Given with every diamond BARNARD & CO.
sell. Also allows exchange at full value for-
ever ! Exact carat weight and evervthing
else you want to know legally certified!

1917 BOOK of DIAMONDS, FREE!

Write for this free book even if you aren’t ready to buy.

Tells you the inside facts about diamond prices and values.

Thousands of illustrations of 1917 fashions in diamond jewelry.

A postal will bring this important volume by return mail.

 DADKlADn * CO., S.W. Cor. Wabash &

 DMIinMnU Monroe,Dept.98oO CHICAGO

 Gen. Diamonds
 $1.88

 14k. Baby Ring

CO flfi

 4k. Child Ring
 $3.88
 Misses’ Size

STOP USING A TRUSS

Do Away With Steel And Rubber Bands

FREE to 5,000 Truss Sufferers

  To the extent of 5.000 Sufferers who may apply, I will send,
  ABSOLUTELY FREE, a sutlicient quantity of the Plapao to
  positively convince them that this is the only logical, conimon-
  sense way of treating rupture. Plapao is a highly astringent
  medication placed within the Plapao-l'ad and being absorbed
  through the skin, creates a wonderful feeling of relief and at
  the same time tends to strengthen the weakened muscles and
  thus permanently close the rupture opening. The process of
  recovery is natural, so you’ll have no use for a truss—you can
  throw it away forever! Old and young have testified
  under oath that the Plapao-Pads cured their rupture—many
  of them long-standing, aggravated cases—without delay from
  work. Patent allowed in U. S. and foreign countries. Awarded
  Gold Medal at Rome and Grand Prix at Paris.

 CaH*l ||A UAnau-for a sufficient quantity of the Plapao
 OCIIU I1U mUllCj is sent without charge to enable you
 to give it a thorough test; you pay nothing for this trial now
 or ever. Write for it and full information to-day. Address
 Plapao Laboratories, Block 1729. St. Louis, Mo.

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention Ai.i.-Stobi Weekly.
ALL-STORY WEEKLY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Unparalleled

Suit Offer!

Compare this suit
iwith any $25 suit
you ever save/

 We will tailor a suit

 to your own measure,

 from your choice of
 the newest woolens.

 Get it on approvalI
 Compare it in everyway
 with any $35 suit that you
 ever saw. If you are not
 enthusiastic about it—if you
 think its quality one particle
 less than you have been accus-
 tomed to get in $25 or $30 cloth-
 ing, send the suit back at our
 expense.

  Genuine Imported
  All Wool Serge

    This is only one of the as-
    tounding bargains we have to
    offer. Just think of it—a genuine
    Imported All Wool serge suit tailored to
    your measure for only $14.60. And yota
    may see it and try it on—before you de-
    cide to buy.

    Write today for our Fall Style
    Book and see samples of the latest
    all wool fabrics from which you hav«
    to choose. Gienn Urquartrlaids.

     Tartan Plaids, Shepherd Plaids,
     fancy and pencil stripes, two-
     toned stripes, your choice of

     fabrics, plain or fancy weaves, rough finish or smooth—all
     your own measure at prices that wilt astound you.

 Guaranteed AH Wool!

   There is not a cotton thread in any of our
   fabric*. We guarantee it. Nothing but pure wool and
   pure silk goes into fabrics from which Babson suits are made.

On Credit!

   Don’t decide to buy until you have seen the
   suit yourself and compared it with other high-grade
   clothing:. Satisfy yourself that it is a remarkable value-
   then pay for it as you pay your local tailor—% Uttle each month.

 Send the Coupon

  for Fall Style Book /LT,

   Get the genuine all-wool sam- , D«pt. iom

   pies and portfolio of styles for .	B°p, *

   yourself. It’s free. Just send /	°co

    your name and address. Every / style Book »nd	ot

   man in America needs this /

     Style Book. You need it, and for w easy credit terms,
     your name and address on the M
     coupon or on a letter or a post w
     card, it will be sent free and f xr___

  prepaid. No obligations. M Name.......................................

    Send the coupon today—now. w

  Babson Bros. / ...

  Dtpt. 1088— I9th Street /	.................................

   Chicago^^^^l|inoi^^

WHAT DO YOU KNOW

about the high cost of living
in Ancient Rome?

JOSEPH IVERS LAWRENCE

tells an interesting tale
about it in the

OCTOBER
  ARGOSY

The story is called

“PEACOCKS FOR
CAESAR”

However, the feature of the
issue is a novel length
story by

SEWARD W. HOPKINS

Entitled

“THE MAN HUNT ON
CAPITOL HILL”

A twenty-four chapter story
of mystery and surprise

On all news-stands—Ten Cents

The Frank A. Munsey
Company

8 West Fortieth Street, New York

In answering any advertisement on this page it ia desirable that you mention Ai.l-Stoby Weekly.
ALL-STORY WEEKLY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

In answtnnu any advertisement on this page it it uvstraoie mat you uieniton all-story Weekly.

Signal Engineer

  'THE profession ofSignal Engineering
  . is only in its infancy. We need more men.
  At the present time scarcely more than 20%
  of the mileage in this country is equipped with
  automatic electric block signals. More Signal
  Engineers are needed to superintend the instal-
  lation of the new systems and the maintenance
  of the ones that are already installed. Big
  money is being paid. Yon can get just the
  kind of instruction you need right in your own home—
  during the spare time. Send the coupon now for the
  new book on Signal Engineering.

 $12522 to $30022 a Month

  That is an ordinary salary for Signal Men.
  Many Signal Engineers are making much more
  than that. Even while you are learning you can hold
  one of the positions under a Signal Engineer, paying
  from $75 to $125 per month. Supervisors, Maintained
  and Inspectors positions—all pay handsome salaries
  from $75.00 a month up. Opportunity calls you. The profession
  calls you. Put your name and address in the coupon now.

 We NeedjMen two mg

  The profession of Signal Engi* Outfits

  neering is calling to ambitious men.	El D W f

   Our ranks are not overcrowded. There	Jf || J^JJi £

   are opportunities—golden ones, awaiting

   the men who answer this call. Block Big-	Complete Signal

   nal systems are no longer in the experi-	Engineer's Ont-

   mental stage. All over the country they	fi* j r0mnlete
   are being installed. Some states have

   legislated to compel the railroads to install	~ r * *1 * m.a n *

   systems immediately. In our profession	Uutfit given

   you will have the chance you nave been	away absolutely

   looking for. We are calling you. Send	free to students

  the coupon now for our big new book.	_L

 Send the Coupon ",J,
 for New Free Book / of signaling

  Just put your name and address A	1J86

  in the coupon or on a letter ora > „ Wilson Avenue
  postcard and send it to us at JT “chicaSo
  once. You are under no obliga- f , cn,ca*®»
  tions of any kind. We will Bend	Gentlemen: —Please send

   you the big new book that tells ^ ”?? absolutely free and pre^
   you about the profession and £ 0Pa,dt X?111’. new book on
   your golden opportunities ab*	Signal Engineering, and full

   Bolutely free. No obliga- / T particulars of yourspecial offer,
   tions. Send the coupon jT xt 18 distinctly understood that I
   now —its the first step f assume no obligations of any kind,
   toward the realization £
   of your ambition. jT

 Department / Namt..................................—

  of Signaling ♦*

 R0071	> Address.................... ....................... .

   1810 Wilsort Avo. At
   Ravonswood St*- ^
   tlon — Chicago 4f

^ Ane............Occupation ...;............................. —

From 14 cents an hour
to Railroad Official

  AT the age of eighteen Frank

   R. Judd was a machinist’s helper
   earning 14c an hour. One day he marked
   the coupon of an American School advertisement.
   Before he had finished his course he was holding
   a good position in the engineering department of
   the Illinois Central Railroad. “Because I had the
   proper training, ” says Mr. Judd, “other advances
   were rapid.” Today he is Engineer of Buildings
   for the entire 6000-mile system, with hundreds of
   men under him. He has made his mark.

Make Your Mark

   Just put an “X” before the position in life that
   you want to fill—we’ll tell you how easily you
   can fit yourself for it. Today thousands of our
   students are “making their marks” in engineer-
   ing, business and law.

   Marking the coupon will bring full particulars—
   free and without obligation. Investigate today!

 American School

of Correspondence, Chicago. U.S.A.
Dept.G1086

     American School of Correspondence, DeptG1086 Chicago, U. S. A.

         Gentlemen: Please send me booklet and tell me how I can
    lit myself for the position marked X.

   ......Electrical Engineer	......Lawyer

    ......Elec. Light & Power Supt. ......Business Law

   ......Hydroelectric Engineer	......Business Manager

   ......Telephone Engineer	......Auditor

  ......Architect	......Accountant

   ......Architectural Draftsman	......Cert’f’d Public Acc’nt

   ...Building Contractor	......Stenographer

   ...Building Superintendent	......Bookkeeper

   ...Structural Engineer	......Fire Ins. Inspector

   ...Structural Draftsman	.....Fire Ins. Adjuster

   ...Mechanical Engineer	......Fire Ins. Expert

   ...Mechanical Draftsman	......Sanitary Engineer

     Civil Engineer	......Plumber

   ......Steam Engineer	......Reclamation Engineer

   ...«.Shop Foreman	......Automobile Engineer

   ......Shop Superintendent	......Automobile Repairer

   ......Sheet Metal Draftsman	......College Preparatory

     Wo also prepare for civil aervioe examination* in all engineering subjects

Address..
ALL-STORY WEEKLY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

This shows what
Efficiency did to
my bank account

While I ve been Studying Efficiency

AND this man is working less hours and getting more out of life in
■ every way. That is what Efficiency means. More money, more
fun, and less work. What he learned you can learn also through the

Course in Personal Efficiency

     Prepared by Harrington Emerson. Conducted by the Review of Reviews Company

     Thousands of men have already enrolled — employees and employers, professional men and
women—each seeking a different goal—each finding through this course a shorter, more direct way
to reach that goal. Efficiency is not records, nor system, nor red tape; it is not hurry or bustle—
but the best way to get the most done with the least effort.

Most Men Are Only 25% Efficient

 Do you think that Personal Efficiency is something
 like personal neatness, or good manners; that every-
 body has more or less, and that you probably have
 enough? You’re wrong —unless you have reached
 the goal of your desires. Most men are only 25 per
 cent, efficient.

 It is like this: Pig iron is worth $15 a ton. Made
 into horseshoe nails that pig iron rises to $500 a ton.

 Made into steel rails the price is still higher. Turned
 into delicate watch springs, that ton of pig iron is
 Worth $250,000. So with your brain. Its value depends
 on how you handle it. The untrained brain reaches
 the bread line—the parUv trained brain makes a living
 —the fully trained (Efficient) brain gets to the top.

 Make yours carry you to the top.

     There is opening before the American business man a great opportunity. After the Civil War,
during the rebuilding time, the great fortunes of today were founded. In the rebuilding of what
Europe is destroying, in the fulfilling of the duties she has let slip the great fortunes of tomorrow
will be founded. Take the first step now.

Send coupon and make yours go up

   Harrington Emerson is the President of the Emerson
 Company of New York. Ten years ago that company
 undertook its first big work. The client employed
 12,000 men; a strike was on at the time. With the help
 of the Emerson Company production costs were re-
 duced 25 percent. There has not been a labor difficulty
 there in 10 years. The earnings of the men were in-
 creased over 10 per cent. The amount paid Emerson
 and his staff was $150,000. Now the Emerson Company
 has over 100 specialists of the highest rank. It has
 helped 200 firms to become efficient. For 40 years
 Mr. Emerson has been studying, preparing, teaching
 Efficiency.

What Efficiency Haa Done for Hundroda of Corporatlona li Now
Dooa for You aa an Individual in Thia Courao.

  »-2-’i6>
  REVIEW'

 OF
 REVIEWS
 CO.

 80 Irving Place
 New York

BIG BOOK FREE

                   Send for Illustrated Book FREE, 14 Chapters—It
 Bend me particularsi \ contains the answer to the ever present ques-
 Kfflciency and st«ry of \ tion—“Where’s the Money Coming From?”

 Emerson, also your book \ Remember—this course isn’t an expensive invest-

 1 Where’s	. _ _

 Comine From ? ” This puts
 me under no obligation.

Address

Occupation

 ment. For future returns—it gives you more
 money or leisure —or health—or success—from
 the very first lesson. Send for this FREE
 book and see for yourself.

 I was breaking down. It
 seemed almost foolish for one
 in my financial and physical
 condition to invest money in a
 course that would mean more
 work ; but I was desperate.

 Within 2 months I was catch-
 ing up in work, my bank ac-
 count was growing larger. My
 health was rapidly regaining
 its normal state.

         GEO. D. HALSEY.

Review of Reviews Co., 30 Irving Place, N. Y.

in answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention All-Stoby Weekly.
ALL-STORY WEEKLY

VOL. LXII	„ ....................——^a>-------------------------^ NUMBER 1

                                                                  ■	■ 1 —'l ^^>*8IRW««j|

S Ckl	SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1916	IP ^nV

ts=A=^ ^ Y? “ —■- ■ ■ ■ ----------- ■ - 1 "w ---- ——.	. . -„....,..y JJ	^

..........— - - — —----- ------^x^~_— - - "- - -	r-/	111»vsv^i§^S

%

^ A. H. FitcKj

   A S in all good stories, the urge to read this fascinating tale of China as it is,
   **■ lies in the story itself and needs no editorial assistance. We simply point
   the way. We would just like to add, however, that it is absolutely certain, when
   you have followed this most alluring piece of fiction to the very last word, you
   will know a great deal more about China than you did when you began. The
   color is as true as it is wonderful and amazing.—The EDITOR.

CHAPTER I.

THE BEGGAR WOMAN.

ETTY DANFORD, daughter of
the newly appointed American
minister to China, had been in
Peking a week.

  Her father had preceded her to the
capital, leaving her to follow more leis-
urely with friends, Mr. and Mrs. Day,
who, having intended to visit the Lega-
tion, would return home by way of
Japan.

  Betty had never enjoyed herself so
continuously in all her life; dances every
night, garden parties, and picnics to pic-
turesque Buddhist temples beyond the
city; in fact, foreign society in Peking

     I	A-S

had feted the presiding lady of the Amer-
ican Legation every hour of the day and
most of the hours of the night.

  When Betty had appeared on her
father’s arm in Lady Caton’s drawing-
room on the first evening of her arrival,
the doyen of the diplomatic corps had
been heard to declare solemnly that her
entry took his breath away.

  Many of the women of the “ foreign
legion” were pretty; the wife of the
minister from Spain was beautiful, but
Princess Pontioff, wife of the Russian
ambassador, had said to her neighbor:

  “ Though our Spanish friend grows
handsomer every day, the little lady of
the American Legation has a prettiness
I like better.”
2

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  And the fair Russian had gazed with
fiank admiration at Betty.

  There were others who agreed with
Princess Pontioff, among them the Ger-
man charge d’affaires, and Captain
Bertram of the British Legation.

  But before the end of that first eve-
ning Princess Pontioff, who was a keen
and, for the nonce, sympathetic observer
of human nature, declared that Miss
Danford and the captain were dancing
into an international romance. Perhaps
they were.

  But it happened that precisely at the
moment when the princess made the re-
mark, Betty was asking Captain Ber-
tram if he knew a certain John Follings-
bee. The Englishman’s reply had left
Betty with a vague and annoyed impres-
sion that Follingsbee was not a man
other men cared to claim acquaintance
with. As a matter of truth, this was so.

  In China, when a man who is neither
a missionary nor an explorer goes about
among the coolie classes dressed like one
of them, and caps these proceedings with
periodical disappearances—total eclipse
of identity so to speak—he is regarded
with unsavory suspicion and has no one
to blame for the fact but himself.

  Betty had met Follingsbee on three
memorable occasions. An element of in-
tense excitement had characterized two
of these occasions.

  Their first encounter had been on a
house-boat on the Pei-ho when Betty
was traveling to Peking. She and the
Days had seen a tall Chinese pursued by
soldiers, and afterward, when a stalwart
young American sought refuge on their
boat, they had recognized in him the
same man the soldiers had been chasing.

  Mr. Day, in the excitement of that
occasion, had sustained an injury to his
arm which necessitated, at least in the
opinion of his anxious wife, an immedi-
ate return to Tientsin, and Betty had
been left to continue her journey to Pe-
king in the company of a missionary and
his wife, fortuitously discovered by Fol-
lingsbee.

  If Betty had known what was before
her, she would probably have returned
to Tientsin with her friends and waited
there till her father could come for her.
But she didn’t know, nor did any one
else, unless it might be her bland-look-
ing, English-speaking amah.

  The missionaries had unexpectedly
been compelled to delay their departure
for a day in order to appear before the
district magistrate in behalf of two of
their converts who were falsely accused
of being members of the “ Young China
Club,” the purposes of which were the
promulgation of progressive ideas ob-
noxious to the imperial government.

  These clubs had been organized by
the brilliant young Chinese reformer
Een-Sha, whose recent capture in Tien-
tsin and condemnation to death by the
slicing process had caused the utmost
consternation among his follows.

  Betty had been sleeping wKen the mis-
sionary and his wife left to attend the
magistrate’s court, and when she awak-
ened from her slumbers the boat was
well on its way up the river. Her Eng-
lish-speaking amah had told her with a
soft smile that the missionaries had sent
word that they would be unable to ac-
company her to Peking, as their pres-
ence for the next five days was necessary
at the trial of their converts.

  Betty had believed her.

  But queer things began to happen
after that.

  Midway to Peking her amah suddenly
deserted her, substituting a handsome
young girl of Betty’s own age who did
not understand a word of English and
who possessed a certain indefinable air
which did not accord with her humble,
retired attitude.

  Betty was now entirely alone. She
had felt oppressed, even afraid as she
gazed on the sordid, little mud villages
squatted on the muddy banks and over
the flat plains, stretching off intermin-
ably, punctuated with countless graves.
But the new amah, touching her gently
on the arm, had looked at her with an
BREATH OF THE DRAGON.

3

expression so kindly and reassuring that
Betty had felt her confidence returning
and a sympathetic understanding had
sprung up between them.

  Finally they had reached Tung-Chow,
where canal-boats were substituted for
the commodious river house-boats.

  And then, at last—Peking!

  Before Betty there had loomed simply
a dark mass, a somber expanse of un-
broken masonry; a wide stretch of deso-
late, sandy road followed the length of
the imprisoning wall that encircled the
capital. As the boat drew nearer the
city Betty had watched eagerly for the
sight of the familiar figure of her father
—for the approach of a sedan-chair. But
neither the chair nor her father had been
there to meet her.

  Filled with dismay, Betty had turned
to consult, as best she could, her amah.
But the amah had disappeared as com-
pletely as if the muddy waters of the
Grand Canal had closed over her.

  For a few minutes, doubting the re-
ality of the young woman's disappear-
ance, Betty had continued vainly to
search for her. Then a sudden fear came
over her, not allayed by the sight of the
silent boat-coolies squatting on the deck
smoking and staring curiously at her.
Not knowing what to do, Betty had has-
tened ashore alone and entered the great
gates of the city—just as a beggar wom-
an with dust-covered, disheveled hadr
and horrid rags hobbled quickly past her.

  Betty never knew exactly what hap-
pened after that, except that she found
herself leaning half fainting against a
stone archway, shrinking in disgust
from a large crowd that had gathered
about her attracted by the curious spec-
tacle of a foreign girl alone and on foot
in the streets of Peking.

  From this precarious predicament she
had been rescued by a tall Chinese who
had forced his way through the jeering
rabble to her side and, in unmistakable
American, had quietly reassured her and
carried her in safety to his cart.

  The man was Follingsbee.

  And so Betty had met him for the
second time. She had been too happy in
the consciousness of his protecting near-
ness to wonder at his presence in Pe-
king. In answer to his astonished in-
quiries she had related her experiences
since they had last met, and Follingsbee
had listened at first with speechless in-
dignation as she told him of the desertion
of her English-speaking amah. Then he
had sworn violently under his breath,
and only became suddenly, alertly silent
again when she described her second
amah and her strange disappearance be-
fore the gates of Peking.

  “ Did you see no one—that is to say,
no woman—enter the gates?” he had fin-
ally asked.

  “ Only a horrid beggar woman in dirty
rags,” she had replied.

  Whereupon Follingsbee had become
markedly interested in the beggar, had
plied her with so many questions regard-
ing her appearance and the direction she
had taken after entering the city, that
Betty had been not a little amazed at
his singular inquisitiveness.

  After he had delivered her over to an
extremely anxious parent, Betty had seen
Follingsbee again, but only for a few
short moments. He did not attend the
dinners or dances to which, indeed, he
wasn’t always asked, nor did he join in
the other gaieties which had absorbed
Betty for one glorious week. Without
quite knowing why, Betty had sometimes
found herself strangely annoyed by his
absence from these festivities.

  One morning, after a ball, in spite of
the fatigue incident upon long hours of
dancing, she rose early, prepared for a
ride.

  Legation Street was never crowded,
but that morning it was deserted except
for a beggar crouching close to the wall.
Betty threw her a few copper cash, and
the beggar, brushing her unkempt, mat-
ted hair from her face with a quick, sly
gesture, gazed after the American girl
while Betty passed on, wondering why a
dirty Pekingese beggar should suggest
4

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

to her a resemblance to some one she
knew.

  However, she forgot the incident as
she entered the crowded, evil-smelling
streets of the Chinese city and reached
the great gates in the outer wall.

  The life she was to lead in Peking
would be a steady whirl of gaieties, and,
since she had scored what a budding
debutante considers distinct success, her
dances would be divided and subdivided
and her partners many. Yet, in spite of
Betty’s sigh of content, she was con-
scious of having missed the presence of
Follingsbee.

  That morning she met him again.
This time he was not in Chinese cos-
tume. He sat his horse with the careless,
indolent grace of the western American.

  “ You should not ride alone,” he said
after their greeting, and to her protesta-
tions that she was not alone since the
mafoo accompanied her, who, moreover,
was her father’s most trusted servant, he
only repeated his warning rather more
earnestly than before.

  After that he talked of Betty’s life in
Peking, and Betty described with all the
enthusiasm of her young years the gaie-
ties which engulfed her, then stopped
suddenly in her account of the previous
night’s ball to ask Follingsbee why he
absented himself from all legation fes-
tivities. He replied that even if he were
invited to attend them—which he as-
sured her was quite infrequently the case
—-he would scarcely find leisure to do so.

  “ You see,” he said, smiling down at
her, “ I am not a society man,” and he
added rather lamely, “ I came over here
to—er—study Chinese life and lan-
guages, and I am interested in native
types of all kinds—even beggar types,”
this last with a queer smile.

  But the word beggar brought to Bet-
ty’s mind the woman she had seen that
morning crouching close to the wall in
Legation Street, and who had so strange-
ly reminded her of some one she knew.
So she told Follingsbee about her and,
even as she told him, he turned and di-

rected their ponies Pekingward at racing
speed, suddenly pleading an important
engagement which he claimed to have
forgotten.

  She did not like being disposed of in
so abrupt a fashion, and they traversed
the crowded Ciiinese city in silence.

  Entering the Tartar city, Follingsbee
appeared to be unconscious of the pres-
ence of his companion, and when they
reached Legation Street, Betty was bit-
ing her lips in chagrin at being ignored.

  In an alley close to the Russian Lega-
tion, from where the gates of the Amer-
ican Legation could be seen, squatted a
beggar, her clap bowl beside her. When
Betty saw her she broke her self-im-
posed silence.

  “There she is again!” she cried im-
pulsively, turning toward the alley.

  But Follingsbee, curiously enough,
would not allow her to go near the wom-
an, declaring suddenly that the beggar
was sure to have smallpox.

  Betty objected to his peremptory at-
titude. But her objections were quietly
overruled, and she found herself riding
rapidly and resentfully toward the Amer-
ican Legation alone, leaving Follingsbee
experiencing a new sensation which he
only half understood.

  He watched her slender figure, the
well poised head, the dainty boot just
visible beneath her riding habit, disap-
pear through the gates, then turning
swiftly, he entered the alley.

  At the same time, from the opposite
side of the alley, appeared half a score
of Chinese soldiers, loud, blustering ban-
nermen. Follingsbee spurred his horse
toward the beggar, and, leaning quickly
from his saddle, said in a low voice:

  “ Hong-Kong.”

  “ Tientsin,” she whispered.

  Follingsbee spoke again hurriedly, and
threw some cash at her feet.

  In drawing the money from his pocket
his handkerchief fell, and the beggar,
whining her thanks in shrill tones, picked
up the coppers and hastily thrust into
her bosom the “ something ” which lay
BREATH OF THE DRAGON.

5

concealed in the cambric folds of the
handkerchief. Then she hobbled off, try-
ing to avoid the soldiers who, as they ap-
proached, flung out unsavory jests about
beggars in general and women beggars in
particular.

  The handkerchief lay where it had
fallen.

  Follingsbee appeared to suddenly no-
tice it. Wheeling his horse so that the
animal formed not only a barrier be-
tween the woman and tuv. soldiers, but
also effectively obstructed the least ad-
vance in the narrow alley, he leaned with
slow deliberation from his saddle, picked
up his property, and without shaking out
the dust and the dirt thrust it back into
his pocket.

  In the handkerchief lay a crumpled
piece of paper.

  The soldiers muttered curses at the
foreign devil’s impudence in blocking
their path, but the young man affected
not to hear or understand.

  The beggar had disappeared.

  Follingsbee passed the American Le-
gation without stopping, and riding rap-
idly to his own quarters, emerged an
hour later dressed like a cartman.

CHAPTER IT.

NIECE OF THE LADY YIN.

“OjEE if the cart is waiting!”

^ A-lu-te rose from the k’ang,
slipped off the simple cotton gown
she was wearing and, with the assistance
of the old amah, began her toilette. Be-
fore long she stood arrayed as a Manchu
lady of high quality, even to the long,
silver nail-shields on the third and fourth
fingers of her little hands.

  One would have had difficulty in
recognizing her now as the young and
pretty amah who had disappeared so
mysteriously from Betty Danford’s side
at the gates of Peking, and certainly one
would never have taken her to be the old
beggar woman to whom Follingsbee had
spoken that morning.

  A well-filled purse had been the result
of that short conversation between her
and Follingsbee, and the beautiful em-
broidered gown and shoes and handsome
ornaments and nail-shields had been the
result of the money.

  The old amah opened the door of the
house and fearfully peered out.

  In an alley a short distance away stood
a mule cart. The driver’s head was bob-
bing in sle„*p as he sat on the shafts of
the clumsy vehicle. And not even his
most intimate friend would have sus-
pected the driver of being—Follingsbee.
Except for his presence the alley was de-
serted.

  “ It is there,” said the amah, who be-
gan to sob as she had been doing inter-
mittently ever since the beautiful Man-,
chu girl had returned and discarded the
disguise of the beggar woman. A-lu-te
threw her arms around the old woman’s
neck.

  “ Courage, amah! The cousin of Fen-
Sha has just come from Pao-chou. He
knows all about the family. The girl,
Wang-ti, has been dead two years. Her
mother and the Lady Yin have not been
on speaking terms these five years or
more. She knows nothing about her
niece. Have no fear.”

  “ But when you leave there to go to—”

  “ Be silent!” said A-lu-te, peremptori-
ly, and pushed the amah gently from
her. “ See, I go forth unafraid! As the
winds and the clouds of heaven are ever
shifting, so the misery and happiness of
riian change from morning to evening.
Because I am unhappy now is not a sign
that I shall not be joyful before another
moon.”

  “At—perhaps—if you live that long,”
murmured the woman. “ O my flower,
I am filled with forebodings. Did I not
hear the cock crow at the hour of the
ox? And yesterday I dropped against
the oil-can, upsetting it; and my left eye
twitched three times in the hour of the
snake! No good can come from such
things. Misfortune is hovering near. I
tremble with fear for you!”
6

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  But A-lu-te made no response to the
frightened woman’s wailings.

  Cautiously and swiftly she slipped
from the house and entered the waiting
cart. The driver, suddenly wide-awake,
whipped up his mule and the cart rat-
tled off.

  Behind the gauze curtains A-lu-te gave
directions in a low voice. The driver
nodded without replying.

  High in the air circled white doves—
mid-sky houris, the Chinese call them—
shedding as they flew soft eolian notes
from the whistles fastened to their tail
feathers. A-lu-te loved their music. It
recalled certain happy hours spent in a
pleasant garden with one she loved. She
drew aside the curtains to look up.

  A shaven-headed bonze, collecting
pieces of printed paper in the street lest
the sacred name of Buddha be defiled,
saw her. He gaped at the lovely face so
suddenly exposed to him, and made a
coarse remark.

  The girl dropped the curtain hastily
and sank back on the floor of the cart.
And the driver managed, while flicking
his mule with his long whip, to include
the bald pate of the bonze. The man of
Buddha screamed out imprecations. The
cart rattled on.

  It turned into a crowded thoroughfare,
turned again, and in a few minutes
stopped before a gate in a high stone
wall. The driver sprang from his seat,
knocked vigorously on the wooden panel.
A tingi (gate-keeper) in official head-
dress opened the gate.

  A-lu-te spoke from the interior of the
cart.

  “ I am the niece of the Lady Yin.
The driver is mute. Give me entrance
and have my presence announced.”

  The tingi flung the gate wide and
sounded a gong. A tall eunuch appeared.
To him A-lu-te addressed herself in the
same imperious manner.

  “Announce to the Lady Yin that her
niece, the daughter of Lord Cheng-shi,
has arrived, and begs to be admitted to
her presence.”

  The beauty and haughty bearing of
the Manchu girl impressed the eunuch,
and a few minutes later A-lu-te, trem-
bling within but presenting a haughty
exterior, stood in the presence of the
wife of one of the most prominent Man-
chu officials in the capital. She advanced
into the reception-room a few steps, then
curtsied, her left knee touching the floor.

  “ How is it that my brother-in-law
did not advise me of your approaching
arrival?” demanded the Lady Yin sharp-
ly, probably annoyed at being interrupt-
ed while performing her toilette. “ I am
told you arrived unattended—in a cart.
Is that the way my brother-in-law sends
his daughter about the country?”

  “ My aunt,” replied A-lu-te, “ I set
out for Pao-chou with a large escort and
bearing letters to you and my Lord Yin
from my father. On the road we were at-
tacked by robbers, and though the ser-
vants fought valiantly, they were over-
powered and killed. The worthless pres-
ents my father charged me to present with
his respectful salutations were stolen and
the contents of my box rifled. The rob-
bers intended to hold me for a ransom,
but I escaped by the cunning of my amah,
who quickly changed herself into my
clothes and passed herself off for me,
while I, under cover of the darkness, fled,
and through the kindness of a carter,
made my way to Peking.”

  The Lady Yin and the maids that were
about her listened with profound interest
to A-lu-te’s narrative.

  “ Yes,” said Lady Yin, “ I have always
heard that robbers were as plentiful as
watermelon seeds on that road. Why did
my sister wish you to visit me? It was
not for love of me, that is certain, for it
has been six years now since she has con-
descended to write or to send me any mes-
sage. She has been foolish to remain
angry so long because my husband has
superseded hers in office. As if my hus-
band were accountable that his talents are
superior to those of your father, and have,
therefore, received deserved recognition
from the empress dowager.”
BREATH OF THE DRAGON.

7

  “ I have not come to visit you, my
aunt,” returned A-lu-te quietly. “ I have
come to present myself, with the other
Manchu maidens, for inspection at the
imperial household office.”

  The Lady Yin dropped the ornament
she had selected from those on the tray
the servant was holding before her. She
looked annoyed as well as surprised at
A-lu-te’s statement.

  “ Why, that is in two days. How can
you get ready? Your clothes are not
suitable. You cannot present yourself in
that dress, although I confess it does not
look travel-stained.”

  “ My father, desiring that I should ap-
pear as well as the daughters of the Man-
chu families who live in Peking, ordered
a dress to be made ready for me when I
arrived. I called for it on my way here,
and brought it with me.”

  “ It was well that you bethought your-
self of that,” remarked Lady Yin, grati-
fied to discover that she would not have
to disburse money for her niece’s clothes.
“ Is your name on the list?”

  “ Yes, it has been on the list since my
fifth year.”

  “ That is true—I forgot. I will see to
it that you have a chair and outriders to
accompany you to the palace. Glad am
I that I have borne no daughters to be
registered in the government book. I am
sorry for you if you are selected; life in
the palace under old Buddha* is no sine-
cure. Moreover to be shut up behind
stone walls for the rest of one’s years and
never see one’s family again, to be little
more than a slave, is not my idea of hap-
piness.”

  Tears came into A-lu-te’s expressive
eyes.

  “ Nor mine,” she murmured, and her
sad mien moved the heart of Lady Yin
to sympathy.

  “ Well, well, don’t be downcast, my
clear. One can never tell what may hap-
pen. You are pretty; perhaps the em-
peror will take a fancy to you, and then,
who knows? You may bear him a son.”

  A-lu-te, clenching her little hands
tightly, showed nothing of the black de-
spair with which this suggestion filled her
heart.

  “ I hope,” continued Lady Yin, “ that
if you are selected to be the jei or the
pin (grades of imperial concubines) and
the acquired influence it incurs, you will
not forget that I have received you kindly,
in spite of my sister’s undutiful behavior
toward me.”

  “ I’ll not forget,” said A-lu-te in a low
voice. And through the paint and powder
which covered her lovely face, she wore a
weary look.

  “ Sit down,” said Lady Yin. “ In a
little while we will eat. Then I shall
make my visits and you can sleep. You
look tired.”

  Later, the other women of Lady Yin’s
household were each presented to A-lu-te
in turn, and the Lady Yin recounted with
a certain pride the adventures the girl
had had upon the road; her fortunate
escape from robbers, and the reason of
her coming to Peking.

  A-lu-te sat beside the voluble lady’s
chair, pensive and silent. And when the
women had returned to their own apart-
ment she was invited to eat. After the
meal was over, servants brought basins of
water and towels and a box of paint and
brushes. Lady Yin washed her hands,
touched up the rouge on her lips which
had been partially rubbed off, and applied
more powder to her face.

  Then, followed by a long procession of
menials, carrying her toilet articles, her
pipe, tobacco, and additional clothes, she
passed into the court and entered her
chair.

  The house servants promptly took their
places in carts; mafoos mounted their
ponies, and the cortege slowly left the
compound.

  Lady Yin had gone to make her rounds
of visits. She had much to tell her friends
concerning the arrival of her niece and the
adventures she had encountered on the
road from Pao-chou to Peking.

* The name commonly bestowed upon the empress dowager.
8

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  In the bedroom assigned to her, A-lu-te
sat alone. She was weeping.

CHAPTER III.

THE PLIGHT OF FEN-SHA.

PEKING was taking its after-tiffin
nap when Follingsbee, once more
in the dress of his countrymen, en-
tered the American legation.

  He had a particular reason for wishing
to see Betty again, and finding her alone
on the bamboo-shaded veranda outside
the drawing-room windows, he did not
wait to be announced.

  “ I have come to apologize,” he said
rather abruptly. “ I was abominably rude
this morning. Will you forgive me, and
be friends again?”

  He held out his hand and she laid her
own little white one ever so lightly in his.

  “ I should like to be friends again,” she
replied simply, and though her manner
was entirely gracious, Follingsbee felt a
subtle change. She seemed indefinably
different. Seating himself on a wicker-
chair beside her, there followed a short
and awkward silence. Betty was looking
toward the flower garden; Follingsbee
was looking at Betty.

  “ The mafoo told me he saw the beggar
quite distinctly; he said she did not have
the smallpox.”

  Betty was not looking at Follingsbee
as she spoke. Her eyes were still fastened
on the flower garden. And Follingsbee
came out of his reverie with an abrupt-
ness which resembled a jolt. But he said
nothing.

  Betty turned her eyes upon him, grave-
ly questioning.

  “ Did she have the smallpox, Mr. Fol-
lingsbee?” she asked.

  A confused sound that seemed to be an
affirmative, changed into a negative, and
ended in a cough, expired in Follingsbee’s
throat.

  “ I beg pardon,” Betty said politely.
“ What did you say?”

“ I said no,” he replied with decision.

  Betty sat rigid in her chair for a mo-
ment. Then, relaxing again she leaned
back and appeared to be thinking it over.

  Follingsbee awaited her verdict. Sud-
denly a swfft spasm of surprise swept the
girl’s face, as if a thought that had sud-
denly appeared to her, came in the nature
of a shock.

 “ You—you know her? Was it—was
it you she was waiting for?”

  Follingsbee met the question full in the
face and nodded.

  “ Why—why?” Betty faltered.

  Follingsbee’s smile was slow and some-
what uncertain.

  “ I—I am afraid I cannot tell you
that,” he said quietly, glancing down at
the girl’s nervously excited fingers that
were gripping his sleeves. “It is quite a
long story, and if I told you, it would be
equivalent to telling Mr. Danford and—
well, something might turn up which
would make it desirable, on his own
account, that he have no knowledge of
this matter.”

  Betty looked at him questioningly.
Mysteries are always annoying things,
even in China where they abound. And
this particular mystery which surrounded
Follingsbee made an astonishing differ-
ence to Betty. She would not have been
half so interested if it had been a matter
concerning Captain Bertram, of the
British Legation.

  “ But—but if I promise not to tell my
father? Can’t you trust me to keep my
word?”

  The faintest of smiles quivered an in-
stant on Follingsbee’s face. Betty saw it
and flushed a little.

  “ Why—why did you laugh at me?”
she asked. “ Do you think because I am
a woman I cannot keep a secret? That
is not fair of you. I can be as silent as—
as—well, as the sphinx, for instance, who,
you may remember, is a woman, too!
Now, please, Mr. Follingsbee, tell me—
who was that beggar woman? Remem-
ber, I forgave you for being rude to me
this morning.”

  Follingsbee studied Betty’s eager face.
BREATH OF THE DRAGON.

9

  “You remember your young amah who
deserted you so mysteriously when you
reached Peking?” he asked in a low voice,
and his eyes said the rest.

  Betty gasped.

  “ You—you mean that the beggar wo-
man was my lost amah?”

  Follingsbee nodded, and watched the
girl’s wide-eyed surprise with some amuse-
ment. Then, becoming rather tight-lipped
and serious again, he said quietly:

  “ If I tell you, will you remember what
you promised—that you won’t tell Mr.
Danford?”

  Betty nodded.

  “ I sha’n’t tell him,” she said simply,
and settling herself in her chair and fold-
ing her hands in her lap, she fastened her
eyes upon Follingsbee’s face and prepared
to listen.

  “ A-lu-te—” he began.

  “ A-lu-te! What a pretty name! Where
did you first meet her?”

  Her curiosity was outstripping her pa-
tience.

  “ This morning.”

  “ This morning? But how—” She
saw a gleam of humor in Follingsbee’s
eyes and said quickly:

  “ I won’t interrupt again. Truly. Please
go on.”

  “ All right,” Follingsbee smiled. “ I
will tell you the story from the very be-
ginning.

  “ Among my classmates at college was
a young Chinese chap, round-faced, good
natured, and jolly. He was an excellent
student and a general favorite. His name
was Fen-Sha.”

  Fen-Sha! Betty had heard that name
before somewhere, and in a moment re-
called the case of the two young Chinese
for whom the missionary had been de-
tained to intercede when he, the mission-
ary, should have accompanied her on her
way to Peking. The young Chinamen in
question had been accused of organizing
“ Young China Clubs ” at the instigation
of this Fen-Sha.

  “ They called him ‘ Curly,’ ” Follings-
bee went on, ignoring the surprise on

Betty’s face, “ for no reason that I ever
discovered, except that his hair was as
straight as an Indian’s or a Chinese. He
was an ardent patriot; to a few of his in-
timate friends—I was among the number
—he used to confide his ambition to or-
ganize in his country a reform party, its
object being to replace all conservative
ministers and viceroys adhering to their
century-old traditions with men imbued
with Western ideas, who would be pre-
pared to urge the adoption of reform
measures, and change China from her
present state of a helpless giant, possess-
ing neither strength nor power, to her
former proud position—that of a wise
parent of the Oriental family of nations,
the leader of the yellow race.

  “ I doubt if any of us took these patri-
otic outbursts very seriously. They oc-
curred but seldom, and if we thought of
them at all, it was to regard them as the
chimerical dreams of an enthusiast. We
were far more interested in Fen-Sha, the
man, than in Fen-Sha, the would-be re-
former of Chinese customs older than
Christendom.

  “ But from the day he persuaded me to
let him teach me Chinese I ceased to be
indifferent. I have, I suppose, a facility
for learning languages. At any rate, when
he left college I could speak Chinese fairly
fluently. It is a fact that when a man ac-
quires a new language, he acquires with
it a keener comprehension, a more vivid
interest in the people who speak that
language which no amount of reading or
traveling without such knowledge can give
him.

  “ After we graduated, Fen-Sha returned
to China. For a time his friends lost
track of him, but I began to hear of him
as an indefatigable organizer of reform
clubs in various parts of the country. He
traveled up and down the Yellow River;
he went all over the south, and north as
far as the Great Wall. His name became
a household word among thousands of his
country people. In his work he was en-
couraged and assisted financially by Duke
Tsing, who not only shared his progres-
10	ALL-STORY WEEKLY,

sive views, but to whose generosity he
owed his college education in America.
Fen-Sha was betrothed to the adopted
daughter of his benefactor—”

  “ A-lu-te!” murmured Betty, tense with
excitement.

  “ Yes, A-lu-te. Three days before their
marriage was to be solemnized Fen-Sha
was arrested near Tientsin, charged with
conspiracy against the imperial govern-
ment. He was thrown into prison, tried,
and condemned to death. In two weeks
his execution—slow death by the slicing
process—will take place. His reform
clubs are closed by the authorities, and
the members threatened with death or
banishment if they attempt to reorganize.
Duke Tsing was arrested, but because of
his high official position, the empress
dowager graciously permitted him to hang
himself. His family were banished, and
A-lu-te was warned that if she put foot
again on her native land, she would be
sold as a slave to the highest bidder.”
Betty listened in wide-eyed, silent hor-
ror as this terrible narative was unfolded.
Her own happy world seemed suddenly to
have given way to a monstrous universe
filled with awful torment, with injustice
that left the heart sick.

  “It is horrible! Horrible!” she cried,
her voice breaking into a sob. “ Oh, why
did she return and expose herself to such
a hideous fate?”

  “ To save Fen-Sha, her betrothed. I
have very little hope that she will succeed.
Even if her identity is not discovered and
she escapes being sold into slavery, her
plans for his release are so hazardous, it is
well-nigh impossible that she can carry
them to a successful issue. But her
courage is magnificent.”

  “ What are these plans?” inquired
Betty, holding her breath in suspense.

  “ Do not ask me; I have told you all I
can.”

  Suddenly a fearsome thought came to
Betty.

  “ Do they—the plans—include your
cooperation?”

  “ To a certain extent,” he replied care-

lessly, and added—“ that is one of the
reasons I do not want your father to be
informed concerning this matter. I am
an American, and—well, that fact might
be an embarrassment to him.”

  “ Will you be in danger at any time?”
A note of keen anxiety rang in her
fresh, young voice.

  “ None whatever,” lied Follingsbee
calmly.

  Quite unconsciously, Betty gave a sigh
of relief. Then she said:

  “ Did you help her to come to Peking
as my amah?”

  “ Good Lord, no!” he exclaimed, horri-
fied. “ Do not think it for a moment.
The plan was arranged and carried out by
one of Fen-Sha’s Chinese friends in Tient-
sin. I was not told of it, or I should
have promptly interfered. If A-lu-te had
been discovered on board your boat, I
hate to think what might have been the
consequences to you. When I arrived in
Tientsin I received a letter from Fen-
Sha’s friend, saying that A-lu-te would be
in the capital after a certain date, and dis-
guised as a beggar. He said she would re-
quire financial aid, and asked me to obtain
it for her. As he knew I had never seen
the young woman, and would not be able
to recognize her in her disguise if I had,
he told me how to identify her. Every
day for a week I have been roaming the
streets, accosting beggar women, in the
hope of finding her. It was the irony of
fate that when I was on Legation Street,
she was elsewhere. It was a game of hide
and seek, which both of us were doing our
utmost to end without success, until I met
you this morning and you put me on her
track.”

  “ Oh, I am glad that I was of some help
to her, after all!” Betty cried impulsively,
and made Follingsbee laugh outright by
offering him all the money she had, de-
claring quite seriously that she would get
her father to buy all her curios for her.

  “ You are a young lady of infinite re-
sources,” Follingsbee said, still smiling.
“ But you must keep your money. A-lu-
te is provided with funds—and—and now
BREATH OF THE DRAGON.

11

I must be off. You are sure you have
forgiven me for my rudeness this morn-
ing?”

  “ Quite sure.”

  And Follingsbee was satisfied, for the
nonce, at least.

  On the following day he went again to
the legation, and on the next and the next
—always after tiffin, when the minister
was taking his siesta. Follingsbee did not
choose this hour for the purpose of avoid-
ing Betty’s father, but because he was
assured of being, at that time of day,
Betty’s only caller.

  The result of these visits was that she
learned more about his friend Fen-Sha;
of the young reformer’s work, of his pas-
sionate devotion to his country, his vehe-
ment desire to help his people, his faith
in their better destiny, and his brave and
single-handed efforts toward this end. In
addition to which Follingsbee told her
some interesting facts about himself; ex-
periences of his own, any one of which
repeated abroad would have made him
the most talked-of man in China; experi-
ences which every young fellow with a
taste for adventure would have given his
eye-teeth to have lived through, and which
would have excited the envy and admira-
tion of others too old to be easily stirred.

  Betty listened enthralled, marveling at
the simple manner in which he told these
marvelous tales.

  And then it chanced that Follingsbee
was invited to the Prince and Princess
Pontioff’s ball, which took place on the
evening of the third day. When the
prince had questioned the princess about
the wisdom of inviting Follingsbee, she
had merely said with that air of finality
of which she was perfect mistress:

  “It is my wish. He is the most in-
teresting man in Peking. Moreover, the
Great Mogul of the Imperial Maritime
Customs, before whom all the heads of
legations—including yours, monsieur—
kotow reverently, has had him at tiffin.
I know, because I met him there.”

  And that settled it.

  Follingsbee attended the ball. He
danced with Betty, and annoyed Captain
Bertram of the British Legation. Then
he went home with a song in his heart.

  On the desk in his room he found a
box, and inside, a paper. On the paper
was written, “ Wan-Shou-Shan.” It was
the name of the empress dowager’s sum-
mer palace. The box had been brought,
said his boy, by an old woman some hours
since.

  “ So,” said Follingsbee to himself, “ A-
lu-te has gone into the dragon’s maw. It
is two to one I won’t succeed in getting
her out again, but I shall have to make
the venture when she sends for me. It is
a black outlook for her, for Fen-Sha,
and ”—he shrugged his shoulders—“ for
me.”

  Then, lighting his pipe, he fell to think-
ing of Betty and the dances she had given
him. But after a little while he knocked
the ashes from his pipe and, sighing as one
who may no longer dream pleasant
dreams, he unlocked a trunk in which lay
a varied and strange assortment of
Chinese clothes.

  After a careful inspection he selected a
set of garments, placed it on top of the
others, locked the trunk again, and went
to bed.

CHAPTER IV.

ENEMY AND FRIEND.

OUT on the great Pichili plain be-
tween Peking and the western hills
a green chair was being carried.
The chair-bearers had fallen into a swift,
steady pace, resembling somewhat the
trot of the little north China ponies.

  The wind was blowing. The sun shone
through a strange, yellow mist which was
like a constantly shifting, transparent cur-
tain. The air was laden with fine parti-
cles of golden sand. The bearers breathed
heavily; eyes, ears, and nostrils were
caked with sand. The ponies of the es-
cort hung their heads low in vain efforts
to escape the sting of the flinty shower.
12

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Inside the chair A-lu-te sat with cur-
tains drawn tight. The chair swayed,
rising and falling with every step of the
bearers.

  Two hours had passed and the motion
had not ceased or varied, not even when
the men in the cart had taken the place
of those carrying the chair. The transfer
was made swiftly, skilfully, and silently.
A-lu-te did not move, though her limbs
were numb from their cramped position.

  She sat like a statue, except that now
and again she clasped and unclasped her
small, slender hands, and her lips moved
as if in prayer.

  Suddenly the bearers halted. There
was loud talking and shouting of orders.
Above the general hubbub arose the shrill
voices of women exchanging comments,
asking questions. A-lu-te drew the cur-
tains aside and looked out.

  She saw fifteen other chairs, their
occupants all young Manchu girls like
herself and as handsomely gowned. Sur-
rounding the chairs were soldiers, officers,
and bearers. Some one stepped up to
A-lu-te and asked her to descend, and
she found herself before the large gates
of the summer palace.

  A small gate to the right of the large
one was thrown open. Palace eunuchs
appeared and invited the young women
to enter. They passed into a court be-
yond which was another more beautiful
than any A-lu-te had ever seen.

  There were exquisite flowers in pro-
fusion and small, pink-flowering mimosa-
trees, from the branches of which hung
gilt cages holding canary birds singing
sweetly. In the center of the court was
a marble basin filled with fragrant lotus-
blossoms; water from carved marble foun-
tains sparkled in the sunlight.

  A-lu-te had scarcely time to take in
the beauty of the scene when they were
conducted to a large pavilion. Here tea
was served to them, and little cakes. The
Manchu maidens tittered and talked
among themselves, giving no heed to
A-lu-te, who sat apart as if not one of
them.

  Many of these youthful candidates for
the imperial harem were pretty, or would
have been except for their vacant ex-
pressions. When they had drunk their
tea, they moved about the hall, showing
off to one another their handsome
gowns, the ornaments in their smooth
hair, their daintily embroidered shoes.
Or they sat on the stiff - backed ebony
chairs, chatting, and now and again
breaking into little screams of laughter.

  They were thoughtless, capricious,
puerile, and grossly ignorant. Others, the
less-pretty ones, huddled together, fright-
ened, sad-eyed, thinking of the life that
would be theirs within the palace walls;
their liberty gone, their souls embittered,
their days ruled by eunuchs, and, except
in name, not even concubines, if the old
Buddha so willed. For them the sun
would set over a life withered from the
start, the flower of their youth never
having bloomed.

  More than two hours passed and still
no one came to summon them before the
empress dowager. The pretty ones
yawned, or examined the furnishings.

  On the walls hung long, white silk pan-
els on which were painted golden char-
acters. Flowery scrolls, they were called.
They were suspended in pairs; the in-
scriptions were contrasts, antitheses, the
lights and shades of the poets’ thoughts,
the painter’s fancy.

  Before one of these ornamental scrolls
stood a small, plump girl. She had a
round baby face, and eyes full of caprice
and cunning. Upon the scroll she was
examining was written:

  “ The bright sun rises over the eastern
mountains. A new glory reawakens the
earth to the impulse of spring. The pink
peach flowers open their beauties to the
light, and the heart of youth to love.”

  “ I wish I knew what is written there,”
she said.

  A tall girl, with cheeks thickly daubed
with almond paste and crimson paint,
tossed her head scornfully.

  “ What! you have not learned to read?
How ignorant you are!”
BREATH OF THE DRAGON.

13

  “ No more than you,” retorted the
pretty, plump one quickly.

  The others laughed. The tall girl re-
plied haughtily:

  “You are in error; I read with ease.”

  “ What says the flowery scroll?” chal-
lenged the pretty one.

  The tall girl struck an affected attitude,
studied the panel a moment in silence,
and in a singsong voice said glibly:

  “ Our primary duty is to make our
family illustrious and bring glory to our
race.”

  Her companions were impressed. She
had vindicated to their complete satisfac-
tion her pretensions to read.

  A-lu-te smiled disdainfully.

  The door opened; a tall, magnificently
clad eunuch entered. He wore the red
button and peacock feather, insignias of
exalted rank, never before accorded a
eunuch.

  A-lu-te thought she had seldom seen so
ugly a man. His eyes gleamed like live
coals in his sunken orbits. His jaw was
lean and heavy; his lower lip protruded.
The expression of his face was a curious
blending of the servility of a slave and
the cold cruelty of a despot. His man-
ners were as polished as the handsome
jade buckle which held his belt together.

  The eunuch was Li Lien Ying, known
throughout the Middle Kingdom as P’i
Hsiao Li, or Cobbler’s Wax Li, the pow-
erful chamberlain before whom even royal
princes and famous statesmen forgot to
be haughty.

  He bowed ceremoniously to the young
Manchu girls, and addressed to each some
comment attesting his knowledge of her
father’s rank in the capital or province,
or something of her family history. They,
in turn, showed him a marked deference.
Perhaps because A-lu-te was afraid of him
and resented the slight shudder which
passed over her slender figure, she drew
herself very straight and returned his
gaze haughtily.

  Li gave her another look of penetrating
keenness, which she bore without flinch-
ing, though her heart throbbed painfully.

He did not speak to her. His manner
had suddenly changed; he was no longer
the suave courtier, but the influential con-
fidant and adviser of the empress dow-
ager, the man whose caprice or hatred all
at court except his royal mistress had
learned to fear.

  He bowed again to the young women,
turned, and left the room. Soon palace
eunuchs appeared. The names of ten of
the young women were read aloud. They
were then conducted to the imperial pa-
vilion, where her majesty the empress
dowager herself would inspect them.

  The five girls whose names were not
read were invited to return to their
homes. They were presented with bolts
of silk and boxes of sweetmeats, which
servants carried before them to their
chairs. Cobbler’s Wax Li had passed
judgment upon them. They were not
worthy of being presented to the empress
dowager for selection for the emperor’s
harem.

  Among the rejected was A-lu-te.

  Her four slighted companions rose
hastily to leave the summer palace. Their
first feeling of humiliation was quickly
forgotten in a pleasant realization that
they had escaped the slavery of life be-
hind the palace walls. No one noticed
that A-lu-te remained behind in the
empty pavilion.

  She had not prepared herself for the
possibility of not being admitted to the
empress dowager’s presence. Her precau-
tions had been too carefully taken, her
plans too well laid, that Li should have
divined her identity; and, fully aware of
the comeliness of her person, she had not
deemed it in the least probable that the
chief eunuch would pass adversely upon
her physical merits.

  What, then, had induced him to reject
her? Had she succeeded so far in her
perilous undertaking only to be balked at
the very doors of the palace?

  An hour passed as she sat in the empty
hall thinking deeply. Then she rose and
stepped out into the court. At the same
moment the chief eunuch, followed by his
14

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

personal attendants, entered the court
from the opposite direction. When he
saw A-lu-te, his face grew dark as if the
shadow of a thunder-cloud had fallen
athwart it. He turned to one of his
menials, the same who had escorted the
rejected Manchu maidens from the palace
enclosure.

  “ How is this, dog?” he exclaimed in
an angry voice. “ Why did you fail to
assist the honorable lady to her chair at
the outer gate?”

  The trembling servant replied that he
thought she had been with those whom
he had seen depart.

  “ Fifty blows of the big bamboo,” or-
dered Li.

  Instantly the fellow was seized and
thrown down, his back bared, and the
blows administered. His ashen face was
prone 011 the ground; except for the
quivering of his flesh, he lay as one dead.

  With a sneer undisguised beneath his
suavity, Li turned to A-lu-te:

  “ Through the negligence of my ser-
vant, I am rewarded; to me falls the
honor of escorting you to your chair.”

  “ It is unnecessary; I am not seeking
my chair,” replied A-lu-te calmly.

  Li looked at her, and as he looked his
anger grew.

  “ The gate lies yonder,” he said harsh-
ly. “ Go.”

  “ I have been summoned to appear be-
fore her sacred majesty, the empress
dowager. Do you presume to interfere
with her commands? Stand aside and
let me pass.”

  The face of the chief eunuch became
purple. Never since the death of An
Te-hai, the former powerful favorite of
Tzu Hsi, had royal prince or statesman
dared speak to him in this manner.

  “ Woman,” his voice was a low snarl,
“ know that without my consent no one
may enter the precinct. Make haste and
begone.”

  He seized her arm.

  A-lu-te, with a quick movement,
wrenched herself from his grasp and be-
fore either Li or his attendants realized,

or could prevent her, she had flown past
them into the adjoining court and on
into the next and next. Finally as her
breath was failing, and the pursuing,
shouting eunuchs were close upon her,
she came to a large, quadrangular garden
filled with beautiful flowering shrubs
and rare exotic plants in great cloisonne
pots.

  At the farther end of this garden she
saw a magnificent building, covered with
wonderful carving. On the wide veranda
of the building hung innumerable lan-
terns of buffalo horn, shaded with red
silk. Attached to every lantern was a
red silk tassel from the end of which was
suspended a handsome jade ornament.
On the doors of this palace, in great red
characters, blazed the word “ Shou ”
(Long Life).

  The shrill, staccato voices of the eun-
uchs broke into a yell of triumph, for
A-lu-te was almost in the grasp of her
pursuers. The doors of the palace were
thrown open and a woman appeared
upon the threshold.

  She was below the average in height.
Her figure was slender and perfectly pro-
portioned; her manner of holding her-
self was at once graceful and imperious.
Her dark, flashing eyes were veiled by
long lashes. Although she was not beau-
tiful, her whole personality had some-
thing in it striking and fascinating.

  She was dressed in a gown of sea-
green silk embroidered with white water-
lilies. In her black, glossy hair gleamed
a lily made of white jade and coral; the
delicate petals swayed with every mo-
tion of her head. A magnificent pearl
necklace hung down to her waist. Her
slender wrists were adorned with pearl
bracelets of rare beauty; on the third
and fourth fingers were long, gold nail-
shields incrusted with pearls. Her shape-
ly feet were encased in green silk shoes
embroidered to match her gown and or-
namented with tassels of pearl. She ap-
peared to be a woman of thirty-five; as
a matter of fact she was over fifty.

  Such was Tzu Hsi, the great Empress
BREATH OF THE DRAGON.

15

Dowager of China. Behind her, strain-
ing forward the better to see, stood a
group of gaily gowned ladies. They
were insipid-looking dolls with red and
white daubed cheeks, penciled eyebrows,
and brilliant, carmine patches on their
lips.

  A-lu-te flung herself on the ground
and kow-towed. From under her long
lashes Tzu Hsi looked at her in amaze-
ment. The court ladies gasped. It was
in truth a strange spectacle, this which
confronted them—a beautiful and richly
dressed young Manchu woman, a
stranger to them all, forcing her way
into the sacred presence, pursued by
shouting, angry palace eunuchs and by
the great chamberlain himself.

  “ What means this uproar?” demand-
ed Tzu Hsi.

  The chief eunuch pointed angrily to
A-lu-te prostrate on the ground.

  “ She came with the other candidates
to present herself for the imperial wom-
en’s palace, but was dismissed with the
customary gifts. An hour later she was
discovered roaming through the courts
seeking, no doubt, in her deep guile and
ignorance of his absence, to encounter
the emperor.”

  Tzu Hsi frowned. This was indeed an
offense past pardoning.

  The ten maidens, belonging to the
beauty and fashion of the Manchu aris-
tocracy, who had passed before her criti-
cal eye that morning, were already
lodged in a special part of the palace to
be instructed in court manners and eti-
quette. Later they would again appear
before her, and according to the knowl-
edge obtained of their dispositions and
characters, she would retain them at the
summer palace in her own service, or
send them to the Yellow City to b®
wives—if he so desired—of their sover-
eign, the young emperor, Kwang-Hsii.

  For a maiden to try and show herself
to the emperor before the empress dow-
ager had passed upon her and assigned
her to her place, was an unheard-of pro-
cedure.

  “What is your name? Speak girl!”
she commanded, addressing A-lu-te.

  “ Wangti,” came the soft answer.
“ Your handmaiden is the daughter of
your servant Lord Ko Lin Ch’in-in Pao-
Chou and niece of your servant Lord
Yin in Peking.”

  A-lu-te had a low, sweet voice, pleas-
ant to the ear, her enunciation was clear,
her intonation excellent. The Empress
Dowager laid stress on such matters.

  “ Your conduct is extraordinary. What
have you to say concerning it?”

  “ Yonder palace menial—he with the
gross and ugly face who ju9t spoke—es-
sayed to prevent your handmaiden from
presenting herself before your majesty’s
august presence in obedience to her im-
perial decree.”

  All stood aghast at the intrepidity of
this speech. The chief eunuch gnashed
his teeth in rage. He waited with ill-
concealed impatience to inflict the pun-
ishment he was convinced would be
ordered administered upon this audac-
ious creature.

  But the great Old Buddha—as Tzu
Hsi was called by the eunuchs—was a
woman of impulse. She was kind, gen-
tle, gracious, and affable when no pas-
sion excited her. Also the present situa-
tion appealed to her sense of humor, of
which she possessed an abundant and
varied store.

  “ What think you of your portrait,
Li? Gross and ugly! You had best
mend your life and so cure the first de-
fect. As for the second, pray to the
gods to tell you a remedy. I know of
none myself.”

  She laughed again.

  “ Get up, girl, and let me have a look
at you,” she said.

  A-lu-te rose and stood with downcast
eyes before her.

  “ H-m,” said the empress dowager,
“ your face at least cannot be called
ugly.”

  She chuckled and threw a malicious
glance at her discomfited chamberlain.
Li dug his nails deep into the palms of
16	ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

his hands. He inwardly swore to be
avenged not only upon the girl but upon
all her family to her most distant rela-
tion.

   “ Would you like to remain with me?”
asked the empress dowager, tipping up
A-lu-te’s chin and smiling into her eyes.
She had a charm, when she chose to ex-
ert it, which was irresistible.

   “ Yes,” replied A-lu-te, clasping her
hands together. Her eagerness was not
assumed. Tzu Hsi was pleased. She
patted the girl’s cheek.

  “ We will see how you behave your-
self. You must not give us any more of
your portraits, however, or I fancy you
will get into trouble—with the court
painters.” She laughed again; then
turned and entered the imperial pa-
vilion.

   “ Come,” she called over her shoulder.

   A-lu-te hastened to obey. She had no
desire to be left alone with the chief
eunuch. She seemed to read in his
small, glittering eyes, as he looked at her,
something fiendlike.

   The court ladies whispered to one an-
other in low, excited voices, as they
gently pushed her through the heavy
blue satin portieres into the throne room,

   A-lu-te had a confused impression of
walls, made of beautiful, carved open
woodwork, lined with blue satin; of teak-
wood screens inlaid with lapis-lazuli; of
wonderful cloisonne vases; of pyramids
of sweet-smelling fruits and bowls of
perfumed “ Buddha’s hands of rare
orchids in priceless jardinieres, and
everywhere flowers in profusion.

  Tzu Hsi resumed her interrupted
painting—the branch of a plum-tree in
bloom.

  “ Can you read?” she asked.

   “ Yes.”

  Tzu Hsi nodded with satisfaction.
Few of the Manchu ladies at her court
could either read or write.

   “ Have you studied ‘ The Five Ching ’
and ‘ The Four Shu’?”

  “ Your handmaiden has read them.”

  “ I will see how well you remember

what you have read. I will recite and
you will finish what I begin.”

  There were few pastimes which the
empress dowager, whose memory was
prodigious, enjoyed more than quoting
from the classics and from her favorite
authors. She often entertained herself
in this manner with Wang, a scholarly
eunuch in the palace.

  “ Do you know ‘ The Doctrine of the
Mean’?” she asked.

   “ Yes,” replied A-lu-te.

  Tzu Hsi determined to put this as-
sumption of knowledge to a severe test.
If the girl had lied to her, or even
bragged unduly, she would turn her over
to Li, to be punished and ejected from
the palace.

  Tzu Hsi had a supreme contempt for
those who affected a knowledge they did
not possess.

  In an exquisitely modulated voice,
sweet and musical as the sound of a lute,
she began to recite, gracefully gesticu-
lating with her hand.

  “ ‘ The heaven now before us is only
this bright, shining spot; but when
viewed in its inexhaustible extent, the
sun, moon, stars, and constellations of
the zodiac are suspended in it, and all
things are overspread by it.’ ”

   She paused.

   “ ‘ The earth before us is but a hand-
ful of soil,’ quoted A-lu-te in her fresh
young voice, ‘ but when regarded in its
breadth and thickness, it sustains moun-
tains like the Hwa and the Yo, without
feeling their weight, and contains the
rivers and seas without their leaking
away.’ ”

   Tzu Hsi smiled, well pleased, and con-
tinued :

  “ ‘ The mountain now before us ap-
pears only a stone, but when contem-
plated in all the vastness of its size, we
see how the grass and trees are produced
on it, and birds and beasts dwell on it,
and precious things which men treasure
up are found on it.’ ”

   She paused again. Without hesitation,
A-lu-te carried on the quotation:
BREATH OF THE DRAGON.

17

  “ ‘ The water now before us appears
but a ladleful; yet, extending our view to
its unfathomable depths, the largest tor-
toises, iguanos, iguanodons, dragons,
fishes, and turtles are produced in them,
articles of value and sources of wealth
abound in them.’ ”

  “Good! Good!” cried the empress
dowager. “You have read and remem-
bered well.” She now recited a long
poem from the “ Book of Odes.”

  “You know that?” she asked when she
had concluded the poem.

  “ Yes, it is from the Odes of Ts’in,”
replied A-lu-te.

  “Ah! We shall get along famously
together,” declared Tzu Hsi. “ You have
some wit and knowledge in your head,
which is more than I can say for most
of the ladies here,” and she waved her
delicate little hand disdainfully toward
the doll-like group standing near.

  “ Have you knowledge of history?” she
continued her catechism.

   “ A little,” said A-lu-te.

  “It is a splendid study for men. His-
tory is not much use to a woman unless
she is an empress. Now, I have derived
benefit from the study of dynasties and
the separate reigns of the emperors. I
know them all perfectly. The Tang
dynasty is one of the most interesting.
Tao-tsung had a fine mind; we are in-
debted to him for the preservation of the
classics and for the wonderful system of
literary examination which has made my
country the most learned in the world
and my statesmen the most enlightened.
And the Empress Wu, what a great wo-
man we have there! What can you tell
me of her?”

  “ She was a fei in the palace of the
Emperor Kau-tsung. She strangled her
first-born and accused the Empress Wang-
shi of the deed, then persuaded the em-
peror to condemn Wang-shi to death and
make her his empress instead.”

  The old Buddha waved her hand.

  “ Yes, yes; but those are minor details
•—unimportant incidences in a great ca-
reer. She extended the empire; she for-

     2	A-s

mulated excellent laws for the benefit of
the people, whose miseries she ever
sought to alleviate; she made—”

  Tzu Hsi stopped abruptly and stared
with an expression of anger, surprise, and
disgust at the paint-brush she had mo-
mentarily laid down while recounting the
excellent qualities of the Empress Wu.
A fly had alighted on the ivory handle of
the brush. Consternation was depicted on
the faces of her attendants as their eyes
followed her gaze.

  “ That,” said the empress dowager in
slow, accusing accents, addressing the
frightened eunuch at the door, whose
duty it was to keep flies from entering
the apartment where her majesty was,
“ that is the second one this week.”
Turning to A-lu-te, she said:

  “ You see how badly I am served. All
my servants, and all the court ladies, too,
know how I abhor those flies, yet no one
tries to keep the creatures away from me,
and do not even prevent them from ac-
tually alighting on articles I am using!

  “Destroy that brush!” she command-
ed the eunuch. “ I am sorry to lose it;
it was a good one. Tell the beater to
give you twenty blows with the big bam-
boo. I sha’n’t paint any more to-day; I
am no longer in the mood. That is al-
ways the way—no sooner do I find time
for a little quiet recreation than I am
tormented beyond endurance. The wife
of a seventh-grade mandarin is better
served than I am. Where is Cha?”

  A small white Pekingese dog was
brought in. He bounded toward his mis-
tress, his long, curly tail wagging ecstat-
ically.

  “ Cha is the only one who really wants
to please me all the time.”

  She stroked the little fellow’s soft, silky
hair and tossed him a sweetmeat, which
he caught dexterously in the air. Like
his royal mistress, he was devoted to
sweets. He sat now on his fluffy tail and
waved his forepaws; his small red tongue
lolled out expectantly. She tossed him a
second sugar dainty and patted him
again.
18

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ That is enough; take him away,” she
ordered.

  Cha was carried oat, feebly protesting.

  A eunuch brought a tray containing a
cake of perfumed soap, a towel, and a
bowl of hot water. He knelt before Tzu
Hsi, while she carefully washed the hand
which had caressed the dog.

  “ Do you sing?” she asked A-lu-te.

  “ Yes.”

  “ Then come with me; I will rest and
perhaps sleep if your music is soothing.
Most of my people here have voices like
cats.”

  The empress dowager’s nerves had
been jarred. She felt irritable in conse-
quence. Under ordinary circumstances
these imperial speeches, accompanied as
they were by imperial favor, would have
engendered among the court ladies a feel-
ing of bitter antagonism toward the fa-
vored one and a desire for swift revenge.

  But not so now. They knew that
A-lu-te had gained the enmity of the
most influential person at court, namely,
the chief eunuch. His revenge might be
slow in coming, but that it would be ter-
rible was certain. Had they not been
witness to the proof of this many times?
They were quite willing to leave every-
thing to him and wait.

  The empress dowager ordered A-lu-te
to take the Yueh-Kin, the “ full-moon
guitar,” an instrument of four strings,
and follow her into her bedroom. The
other ladies were commanded to remain
without.

  In the bedroom the air was heavy with
perfumes.

  Near a window stood two long sandal-
wood tables covered with toilet articles,
combs, almond paste, pink powder, lo-
tions made of honey and jasmine, and
scented soap of various kinds. Beauti-
fully embroidered white silk curtains
hung from the carved sandalwood frame
over the bed. On the yellow brocade
mattresses were soft sheets of pink, blue,
green, mauve, and violet silk; pillows of
the same shade, richly embroidered, com-
pleted this riot of color which in delicacy

and loveliness resembled a variegated
flower-garden.

  When the dainty form of Tzu Hsi was
stretched on this gay bed and her head
was pillowed on her favorite cushion of
tea-leaves, she might have been taken for
a fairy reclining on a fragrant bouquet.

  “ Sing,” she said to A-lu-te, and closed
her eyes.

  The girl struck the strings of the
guitar with her nail, and in a soft, plain-
tive voice, pitched in the falsetto key,
sang the Bridal Song from the “ Shi
King

         “ Ho, graceful little peach-tree,

        Brightly thy blossoms bloom!

        Go, maiden, to thy husband,

        Adorn his hall, his room.”

  A-lu-te sang verse after verse while the
empress dowager watched her from under
half-closed eyelids.

  She felt irresistibly attracted toward
her, and determined to keep her in the
palace. She had no intention of permit-
ting her to enter the emperor’s harem.
This was not because the girl was pretty
-—among the imperial concubines were
many quite as good to look upon as she
—but because her attractive personality
was combined with fearlessness and quick
intelligence.

  Such characteristics were dangerous
ones to place near the emperor. More-
over, if the girl bore him a son, her own
days of absolute power would be imper-
iled. Had she not risen to be autocrat of
all China because she herself had wit,
beauty, and had attained motherhood?
It would be supreme folly to risk a repe-
tition of such a thing in the palace.

  She had selected the first and second
wives of the young emperor and all his
concubines with the utmost care for this
very reason. Many of these women were
beautiful, all were insipid, and the em-
peror, like herself, could only tolerate,
never like, stupid people.

  To be sure, the young empress—her
niece—had a certain keen intelligence,
but was, nevertheless, harmless. She was
BREATH OF THE DRAGON.

19

not attractive; her teeth were black, her
skin sallow, her figure bad, and her ad-
miration and fear of her royal aunt all
that could be desired.

  Kuang Hsu detested this wife of his.
He had evinced his dislike the first day
of their marriage by throwing his shoe at
her. Tzu Hsi had carefully fostered the
estrangement, till now only a thinly veiled
enmity existed between the two, an en-
mity most useful to her own purpose.

  While these thoughts flashed through
the imperial lady’s mind, A-lu-te finished
her song.

  Tzu Hsi pretended to sleep.

  A-lu-te stood quite still, gazing long
and thoughtfully upon the charming face.

  The dark eyes which gave to the royal
countenance that look of vivacious intel-
ligence were hidden under long, black
lashes; the soft olive of the complexion
was free from paint or cosmetics; about
the rather large mouth lurked a smile,
sweet and appealing as that of a child;
in the small, firm chin alone lay a sug-
gestion of that iron will which brooked
no opposition and which had helped to
make Tzu Hsi the greatest woman in the
history of China.

  As A-lu-te looked, she wondered if it
could be true that this gracious little lady
was the same who had commanded her
adopted father to commit suicide, and
who had condemned Fen-Sha, her play-
mate, friend, and betrothed, to the linger-
ing death, to the dreadful slicing process.

  Tzu Hsi suddenly opened her eyes
wide. A-lu-te started guiltily.

  “ Well? What do you think of me?”
The silver voice rang with an amused
challenge.

  “ Your handmaiden thinks that your
majesty and Kuan Yin ” (the goddess of
mercy) “ must be sisters, so great is their
resemblance to each other,” returned
A-lu-te.

  Now, one of the favorite diversions of
the empress dowager was taking part in
elaborate court pageants attired as Kuan
Yin, to whom she loved above all things
to be compared.

  A-lu-te’s quick reply was therefore a
particularly happy one, and greatly
pleased the empress dowager.

  “ Wangti,” she said softly, “ come here
—nearer—so.” A-lu-te sank on her knees
by the bed. Tzu Hsi touched the bowed
bead lightly, tenderly. “ I do not know
why it is, but I feel as if I had always
known you, always loved you—and I
want you always to try to please me,
so that I need never have cause to be
angry with you. Please promise me this,
will you?”

  “ Yes,” said A-lu-te in a low voice.

  “ Call one of the eunuchs in attendance
in the outer room,” commanded the em-
press dowager; and when he appeared she
issued a few rapid orders. The eunuch
kow-towed and hastened from the royal
bedroom.

  Turning to A-lu-te again, Tzu Hsi said:
“You can go now and rest till I send for
you. I have assigned the eunuch S’ang
to be your servant. He will show you
your room. One of the court ladies,
Chou-Chao, has the same house with you;
you need not be polite to her.”

  When A-lu-te left the room the court
ladies in attendance crowded around her.
The eyes of some expressed ill-will, others
merely vapid curiosity. A-lu-te was plied
with questions to which she answered:

  “I am commanded to seek my room;
I cannot stay to talk,” she said, and fol-
lowed the eunuch who was to conduct her
to her pavilion.

  A-lu-te had successfully installed herself
in the summer palace. Would she suc-
ceed as well in the next step of her
perilous plan? This was the question she
asked herself as she followed her guide.

CHAPTER V.

s’ang.

THE pavilion in which A-lu-te found
herself was a charming little build-
ing overlooking terraces resplendent
with flowers. With its gaily painted
pillars, its bright tiled roof and oma-
20

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

mental eaves and general look of an
exquisite oriental tent solidified, the pa-
vilion resembled, except in size, most of
the dwellings in the summer palace.

  In A-lu-te’s room the windows com-
manded a marvelous view of hills, temples,
and lake. Rose-silk awnings shed a soft,
subdued light in the interior; rose-silk
hangings showed through the interstices
of the screenlike walls, and rose-silk
cushions covered the ebony chairs and
k’atig.

  A fresh, sweet fragrance from the
flower-filled courts permeated the air. It
was a retreat to rest in, to dream pleasant
dreams. But A-lu-te was indifferent to
its charm. She dropped into a chair, a
sense of unreality upon her. She thought
of her journey to Peking as maid to the
care-free, happy foreign girl; of her ar-
rival in the capital; her beggar’s disguise;
her old amah’s joy at seeing her again;
her search for Fen-Sha’s friend; her visit
to the house of Lady Yin, and finally her
presence in Wan-Shou-Shan. All this ap-
peared to her a fantasmagoria.

  She asked herself whether it was true
that she was in the summer palace; that
she had really passed the scrutiny of the
formidable chief eunuch, and successfully
ingratiated herself with the empress
dowager? How would it all end? Would
she succeed in saving Fen-Sha, or would
she not only lose her own life but hasten
the execution of his terrible death sen-
tence?

  These reflections clashed in her head
till her brain grew weary and her heart
grew chill and heavy. But her indomita-
ble courage and confidence—the two
strong pinions of her soul—soon bore her
up again from the depth of despondency.

  She now recalled every word and look
the empress dowager had given her.
They indicated something more than mere
transitory liking for the young stranger
who had forced her way into the royal
presence, something more than passing
pleasure in her personality and her in-
telligence.

  A-lu-te was sure of this, for she herself

had experienced a strange sense of at-
traction, even of sympathy, for the great
empress, and this in spite of the causes
she had to hate and abhor her.

  As these thoughts passed in rapid suc-
cession through A-lu-te’s mind she was
subconsciously aware of the recurrent
sound of a hard, rasping cough. The
cough now became a paroxysm, lasting
several minutes.

  A-lu-te arose, entering the middle hall,
and followed the direction from which
came this painful sound. It led her into
a small, unattractive room. A thin little
figure, gaily clad, lay on the k’ang.

  A-lu-te first thought she was in the
presence of some child, till, drawing near-
er, she saw that the small, sickly face
belonged to a young woman.

  She remembered suddenly that the em-
press dowager had said “ One of the
court ladies—Chou - Chao—shares the
house with you. You need not be polite
to her.”

  “ Are you the Lady Chou-Chao?” she
asked.

  The young woman, unaware of A-lu-
te’s entrance until she spoke, rose hastily
from the k’atig and curtsied.

  “ Yes,” she said in a frightened voice.
“ Am I late? Has Lao Fo Yeh ” (the
great old Buddha) “ sent you for me?”

  “No; I heard you coughing. You look
sick. Can I help you?”

  An expression of surprise, almost in-
credulity, swept over the thin face of
Chou-Chao.

  “ You heard me coughing and came to
help me? How curious!”

  “ Why is it strange that I should wish
to help you?” asked A-lu-te.

  “ Why?” answered the other, staring
hard at her visitor. “ Because it is not
customary here to help any one.”

  Her voice was not bitter. She was
merely imparting information to one in-
quiring for it.

  A-lu-te shivered a little and was silent.

  “ When did you come?” inquired Chou-
Chao.

  “ This morning.”
BREATH OF THE DRAGON.

21

  “ Is your room in this house?”

“Yes; on the other side of the hall.”
“ The large room with the rose cur-
tains? It is pretty in there. Sometimes
I stop to look in when I pass the door.”
“ The next time you must come inside
and sit down.”

  Again Chou-Chao appeared surprised.
She turned to a small lacquer cabinet,
opened a drawer, and took from it some
red and white paint which she proceeded
to apply in an artistic manner to her fore-
head, cheeks, and lips.

  With a charred stick she blackened her
eyebrows to resemble a crescent moon.
When her task was completed she re-
sembled a mocking death’s head, gro-
tesquely painted.

  “ I must go now. It is my turn to sit
to-day,” she said.

  “To sit! What do you mean?” in-
quired A-lu-te curiously.

  “ When Lao Fo Yeh takes her nap
some of the court ladies watch in her
room.”

  “ Then you need not hurry. Her ma-
jesty has already had her nap,” said
A-lu-te.

  This announcement threw Chou-Chao
into the greatest consternation.

  “She has had her nap!” she cried,
wringing her hands. “ Yet it is a full
hour before her usual time! Oh, what
shall I do? What shall I do?”

  “ If, as you say, it is a full hour before
her usual time, why are you so fright-
ened? It is not your fault that you were
not on time.”

  “ What difference does that make? I
shall be punished just the same. I only
came back to rest a little while—I was
so tired and my cough bothered me. And
now I am late!” She looked terrified.

  A-lu-te did not attempt to disguise the
scorn she felt for such pusillanimity.

  “ Don’t be so frightened. One would
suppose you were going to receive a beat-
ing—like any slave girl or eunuch.”
Chou-Chao ceased wringing her hands.
Her expression changed abruptly from
pronounced fear to quiet amusement.

A-lu-te felt a return of that little shiver
which had come to her before in this

room.

  “It is plain to be seen that you are
a newcomer here.”

  With these words Chou-Chao hurried
from the pavilion.

  A certain faintness came to A-lu-te, as
one overpowered with sudden weariness.
In the middle hall she saw that the eu-
nuch S’ang had returned.

  “ Will you have tea?” he asked.

  She shook her head and entered her
room. A few minutes later S’ang ap-
peared with a tray upon which was a bowl
of tea, also some bread stuffed with mince-
meat.

  “ Eat; it is time,” he said, and placed
the tray before her.

  “ Eat,” repeated the eunuch.

  Mechanically A-lu-te drank the tea, but
left the bread untasted.

  She pushed the tray from her.

  “ Remove it,” she ordered.

  She sank on the k’ang and closed her
eyes.

  Her interview with Chou-Chao had
unaccountably left her with less hope,
less courage. She had but a week in
which to save Fen-Sha; until now she
had not faltered in her daring plan; she
had surmounted the worst difficulties by
the very audacity with which she had
encountered them; she had faced, it may
be, the worst dangers awaiting her, and
yet a few words dropped from the mouth
of a sickly woman had sapped her cour-
age, left her unnerved, frightened, with-
out knowing why. She gritted her teeth
and moaned aloud.

  S’ang heard her.

  “Are you in pain?” he asked, coming

 in.

  “ Yes. My head is hurting me.”

  The eunuch disappeared and returned
again with two mulberry leaves steeped
in vinegar; he laid them on her temples.

  “ It will cure the pain,” he said.

  She heard him later in the middle hall,
reading or reciting in a low voice. The
monotonous sound had a quieting effect
22

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

on her. She fell into a half doze, during
which she was vaguely conscious of try-
ing to hear what he was saying.

  From this uneasy sleep she soon awak-
ened to be tormented again with the
knowledge of Fen-Sha’s fate. She tried
to picture what life would be without
him, haunted as she would be with the
remembrance of his terrible death. The
blood mounted into her cheeks, she
pressed her hands over her eyes as if to
shut out the picture, then another came
to her, a picture of herself, living out
long, dreary years behind the palace walls,
the slave of a capricious old woman and
perhaps—she clinched her teeth again—
of a dissolute young man.

  “ Never that, never that,” she whis-
pered hoarsely.

  She buried her head in her out-
stretched arms and fell to weeping bit-
terly.

  S’ang’s voice roused her.

  “ You are unhappy,” he said. “ I
know nothing of your sorrows, but I
know the means wherewith you can dis-
pel them like clouds before the wind.”

  A-lu-te turned toward him with eager,
questioning gaze.

  Silently the eunuch held out a small
book.

  “Oh, that!” said A-lu-te contemptu-
ously; “ I have tried it—it is worthless.”

  She thought he had a copy of the im-
perial almanac, which is published year-
ly under the authority of the astronomi-
cal board, and contains lists of the lucky
and unlucky days.

  “ Read,” said S’ang, still holding out
the book.

  Her eyes rested carelessly on the cover.
She read aloud, “ The Gospel of St.
John.”

  “ It is not the almanac then. What
is this St. John?” she asked.

  “ He was the loved disciple of our
Lord,” replied the eunuch.

  “ Of Sakya-muni Buddha? I do not
know him,” she said indifferently.

  “ Nay, nay, not of Buddha; but of
the Lord Jesus Christ.”

  “Ah, now I recall hearing that name;
he is the idol worshiped by the foreign-
ers.”

  “ He is not an idol. He is our Lord,”
returned S’ang.

  A-lu-te leaned forward and regarded
the eunuch intently.

  “ S’ang,” she said in a low voice, “ are
you a worshiper of this God of the for-
eigners?”

  “ Yes, lady,” he replied simply.

  “And you dare admit it! You dare
offer prayers to the strange God, here,
in the very palace of the empress dow-
ager? Profound would be your sleep to-
night if I were to tell her!”

  “ You will not tell her,” he replied
quietly.

  “ Why not?”

  “ Because you are different from those
who are here and you do not hate the
foreigners.” A sudden fear of him came
over A-lu-te. Did this eunuch know
more of her than the others?

  “ What cause have you for thinking I
do not hate them?” she asked, trying to
keep the fear from her voice.

  “ You call them foreigners and not
devils and barbarians.”

  “You are right, I do not hate them.
I have indeed cause to be grateful to
them.” In her relief she admitted more
than she had intended.

  But S’ang noticed the admission only
to reply, “And I,” with such fervor,
A-lu-te was moved to ask what benefits
he had received from the foreigners.

  “ They taught me to know and love
the Lord Jesus Christ.”

  “Oh, that!” said the girl, shrugging
her shoulders.

  “ I was unhappy even as you are,”
continued the eunuch, “ I was as one
groping in a black pit, without hope,
without a morrow. Disgust and weari-
ness were my companions throughout the
day and lay down with me when I
sought my bed at night. Then I was led
from the blackness of the pit into the
bright sunlight, into the pure air; joy
came to me and peace. These, too, can
BREATH OF THE DRAGON.	23

be yours, if you will learn to know, to
believe in the Lord Jesus.”

  “ Your God is powerless to help me,”
said A-lu-te gloomily, and added:
“ Leave me now; I have need of rest.”
He turned to go when she called
sharply to him. He came back, standing
quietly before her.

  “ This God of yours, does He help
those who ask it of Him?”

  “ Yes, if they believe in Him.”

  “ Do you believe?”

  “As truly as that I am now alive,
standing in this room in your presence ”;
he spoke the words slowly with deep
solemnity.

  “ Have you ever wanted anything so
much you would give your life to obtain
it?” she asked.

  “ Yes.”

  “ Well, and have you asked your God
to give it to you?”

  “ Yes, I ask Him every morning when
I wake and every night before I sleep.”
“ Then it appears this God of yours
won’t help you after all, since you must
needs ask Him day after day and night
after night; your God is no better, no
more merciful, no more powerful than
any other god, than Buddha for instance,
before whom I have prostrated myself so
many times in prayer I have fainted
from fatigue, and all without avail.”

  She spoke bitterly.

  “ I have faith that my prayers will be
answered. I am content to wait.”

  The eunuch gazed out of the window
on the temple-crowned hills in the dis-
tance. His lips moved, though no sound
fell from them.

  “ You are praying,” said A-lu-te,
watching him curiously. “ What are you
asking this God of the foreigners?”

 For a moment the eunuch looked
troubled and hesitated.

  “ I cannot tell you,” he said.

  “ You mean, you will not,” returned
A-lu-te haughtily. “ Stop and consider.
Do I not already hold your life in the
palm of my hand? I have only to tell
Lao Fo Yeh that you pray to the foreign

God and you know well what will hap-
pen. Now listen to me. I am in great
trouble. I will prostrate myself before
this foreign God and pray to Him, if you
can convince me that He is powerful
enough to help me.”

  “ I will try to convince you.”

  “ But how can I know that you are
not deceiving me if later you come to
me declaring your petition has been
granted, since you refuse to tell me what
that petition is?”

  The eunuch looked earnestly at A-lu-
te, then, as if possessed of a sudden re-
solve, said:

  “ My petitions are for the emperor.
My prayers are that he may be taught
the true faith, the Christian faith.”
“What!” exclaimed A-lu-te, surprised
for a moment into forgetting her troubles.
“ You pray for a thing like that! What
foolishness to waste breath in such pray-
ers! Moreover who would have the pre-
sumption to try to induce the Lord of
Ten Thousand Years to forswear the re-
ligion of his ancestors?”

  “ I,” replied the eunuch. His eyes
flashed with a strange light; on his pale,
thin face was depicted an ecstasy of
hope.

  A-lu-te looked at him in amazement.
  “ You!”

  “ Yes, even I.”

  “ But you are not of his household.
You can never approach him, much less
can you seek permission to address him,”
she reminded him.

  “ God will help me. He will find a
way.” He spoke with the conviction of
perfect faith.

  “ Yes—when the Yellow River runs
dry. You are aiming at the impossible,”
said A-lu-te with an accent of impa-
tience.

  It seemed to her that the eunuch’s
prayers and belief were not only useless
but essentially paltry; that they did not
deserve time for speculation or discus-
sion.

  “To those who have faith nothing is
impossible,” replied S’ang. He pointed
24

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

out of the window to a stone wall sur-
rounding the court. “ Do you see that
tender green plant which has forced a
passage through the thick wall yonder?
And the other one which has made its
way, while still a feeble, small shoot, to
this side and has grown so large and
strong it has split great stones apart?
Have not those little plants achieved the
impossible? And why should not I?”
“Or I!” murmured A-lu-te to herself,
then fell to studying S’ang’s face. What
had taken place in the mind and heart
of this eunuch to make him so different
from others of his despised breed?

  As if in answer to her unspoken
thought, S’ang said:

  “ Do you desire that I speak to you of
myself?”

  “ I am listening,” replied A-lu-te.

CHAPTER VI.

THE EUNUCH’S STORY.

“T WAS born in the province of Pichili,”
began the eunuch, “ in the village of
Makian, two hundred Us north of
Peking. My father was a rich man. He
owned camels by the score; these, laden
with tea and merchandise, journeyed peri-
odically beyond the Great Wall in charge
of his servants.

  “ The cargo was sold at large profits, and
on its return the caravan carried coal from
Mongolia to be disposed of in the Peking
market. The business flourished and
yearly grew more lucrative. My father
had two wives, but my mother was the
legitimate consort. She died the third
year after my birth.

  “ I was six when my father took to his
house another woman. She came from
the south and belonged to one of the nine
classes of professional women of evil re-
nown. She was a dancer. Her beauty
was great, she was, in fact, the eye of the
peacock. It was said of her she could
dance her way into any man’s heart, and
that none were so rich but that she could
spend what they had and make them poor.

  “ What truth there was in these reports
which came to my childish ears, I know
not, I only know that from the day she
entered my father’s abode, peace fled out
of the door. You know the proverb:

‘ One key makes no noise, but two keys
create a jingle.’ The women quarreled;
there was jealousy and backbiting, and
the house became a pandemonium, so that
in the village there was a saying, ‘ as noisy
as the house of Tang.’

  “ The new concubine was a violent-tem-
pered woman; she often caused my father
to eat bitterness—a bitterness like that of
aloe-juice—yet her influence over him was
great, and when she bore him a son, it be-
catne supreme.

  “ One year—I was fifteen at the time—
a sickness common in the north beyond
the wall struck the camels, and one after
another they died. That same year a great
drought visited the land, and our crops
were killed. Disaster after disaster fell
upon us, till a time came when we were
no longer the rich family of the village,
but the poorest. One day my aunt—the
concubine of the south—saw me eat a
millet cake she had laid aside for her own
son. She complained of me to my father,
and represented to him that I was an idle,
worthless fellow, a mere tortoise-egg, that
I would never amount to much, and that
the best thing which could happen to me
and to the family was to sell me to
Huang-ti.

  “ On hearing her speak in this manner,
I was terribly frightened, for I felt con-
vinced she would succeed in persuading
my father to do as she wished. Huang-
ti lived in a neighboring village, and did a
thriving business supplying rich man-
darins, dukes, and princes of the blood in
Peking with eunuchs.

  “ I implored my father not to sell me
to this man, for I did not want to become
a eunuch, and he not being a hard-hearted
parent was disposed to yield to my en-
treaties. But my aunt, who possessed a
volubility of tongue truly alarming, re-
proached him with loud cries and lamen-
tations for not considering the welfare of
BREATH OF THE DRAGON.

25

the other members of his family, and
leaving them to suffer in poverty,
when by selling me to Huang-ti, he
not only provided me with a career
which might bring me eventually into
the Yellow City and so to large
emoluments, if I had wit enough to pro-
cure them, but also enable me to return to
my father the benefits he had already be-
stowed upon me.

  “ My father, weary of contending with
her, and it may be, seeing sense and rea-
son in her demand, yielded. I wept bit-
terly, but my father was obdurate. He
told me to remember the great lesson
taught in the Trimetrical Classic, which
imposes absolute obedience upon the child
to his parent.

  “ And so I left the family.”

  After a moment’s silence, the eunuch
continued:

  “ Huang-ti entered me in the service of
a Manchu prince. I was in the household
five years, and became the confidential
adviser, even instigator of every kind of
wild escapade, to the seventeen-year-old
son of the prince. One day the princess,
desiring to make a pilgrimage to a Bud-
dhist monastery, commanded me to pre-
cede her in charge of the scrolls, the silk
embroidered hangings, the mirrors and
rich cloisonne vases which were to be used
to decorate the bare guests’ house the
priests assign to visitors.

  “ Now, I had assisted the young prince
in an intrigue with the wife of a petty
shopkeeper. She bore him a girl-child,
and he, not caring to be bothered with the
little one, had her passed under the
bridge” (drowned). “I was present
when this was done, and heard the fright-
ened wail of the infant as she was dropped
into the well, and saw the small arms
stretched feebly up for help, as the water
swallowed her. I had seen and shared in
much wickedness, of which this act was
not the worst, for such drowning of girl
infants is not contrary to established
usage, as you know.

  “ But the memory of this deed stayed
by me night and day; the cry haunted

me, the baby’s arms pursued me, and I
finally determined to consult a wise man
to rid me of the obsession.

  “ Now, in passing through the village of
Yang-lin, on my way to the monastery,
I heard of a geomancer, residing there,
one very learned in his craft. I stopped to
see him, but he had been called away by
a wealthy tax-gatherer to a distant village.
As I sat before his closed house, very de-
jected, I noticed across the street, over
the door of a miserable hut, a sign which
read: ‘ Pu-lun, little assistant to Jesus.’
Not knowing what it meant, and being
curious, I knocked at this door. A be-
nevolent-looking old man appeared in an-
swer to my summons.

  “‘Are you Pu-lun?’ I inquired.

  “ He replied that he was indeed the
man.

  “ ‘ Then,’ continued I, not knowing
what else to say at the moment, ‘ you are
the little assistant of Jesus.’

  “ With a joyous expression he said:
‘ You have spoken truth. Come in. Come
in.’

  “ I followed him into a room which,
though small and meanly furnished, was
clean.

  “ ‘ Do you, too, love Jesus?’ he asked.

  “ ‘ Old man,’ I said, ‘ what are you
talking about? I never saw or heard of
this Jesus. How, then, should I love him?
Is he your master? And what is his
trade?’

  “ ‘ He is my Master, and His trade is
teaching love.’

  “ ‘ Ho-ho,’ said I, laughing, ‘ that is a
pretty name for the business you follow.
In the city we call it—’

  “ ‘ Wait,’ commanded the old man,
holding up his hand, ‘ wait till you hear
what I have to say. The love which the
Master enjoins upon us is love for all
mankind, the love which teaches kind-
ness, purity, forgiveness, which returns
good for evil. He who loves like this, be-
comes a child of God, his sins are forgiven
him; he finds peace in life and eternal joy
in life after death.’

  “ I thought to myself that this kind of
26

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

teaching was worth looking into; that
although it seemed impractical, it might
rid me of my obsession. I asked Pu-lun
to become my instructor. He consented
with eagerness and I agreed to return at a
certain hour every week to receive his
lessons. This I did, until the time came
when the prince, in accordance with the
law which compels rich nobles to supply
the imperial palace periodically with one
eunuch, sent me here. My visits to Pu-
lun ceased, but the joy and the wonder
of that which he taught me will abide
with me through life.”

  The eunuch’s narrative had made a
profound impression upon A-lu-te.

  “ What did this Pu-lun teach you?”
she asked.

  In earnest, simple words S’ang told
her the story of Christ as he himself had
received it from the lips of Pu-lun.

  “ So this is the religion of the for-
eigner!” exclaimed r A-lu-te when the
eunuch ceased speaking. “It is prepos-
terous! Is that a good father who sends
his dutiful son to be murdered by wicked
people in order that they and others as
wicked should be saved? Is that justice?
Is that kindness?”

   “ It is love—the highest, the most won-
derful that can be conceived,” said S’ang.

   “ Well, it is a strange love,” retorted
A-lu-te. “ As for the teachings, they do not
differ greatly from the teachings of Bud-
dha. Does he not tell us not to do evil
and not to seek after riches? Truly the
moral precepts of the God of the for-
eigners and of Buddha are the same.

   “ They are as like as day is to night/5
replied the eunuch. “ The religion of our
Lord Jesus Christ is the religion of Hope;
the religion of Buddha is the religion of
Despair. Buddha holds the soul of no
account; he says: ‘ Eschew evil and in
time you will cease to exist, you will be
lost in the all-embracing Quietus, you will
enter Nirvana—your spirit will sink into
nothingness.’ Our Master teaches us, not
only to eschew what is evil, but to do that
which is good. He promises those who
believe in Him, who follow His precepts,

inexhaustible happiness and life everlast-
ing. Listen to what He says.”

   S’ang opened the book which he still
 held in his hand, and in a low voice began
 to read. As A-lu-te listened she told her-
 self that S’ang was right, that there was
 something wonderful in the promises the
 words contained, in the hope they inspired
 in an aching human heart. When he read:
 “ Ask and ye shall receive,” she repeated
 the sentence over and over to herself, nor
 did she listen any more to S’ang’s voice.

   Suddenly vague shouts reached them
 from the distance. The shouts came
 nearer and nearer; they were the cries
 of eunuchs announcing to all the palace
 world that “ The Great Buddha wakes
 up, the Great Buddha wakes up.”

   S’ang slipped the book up his sleeve
 as a eunuch rushed into the room, call-
 ing:

  “ Imperial decree says that Lady
 Wang-ti is to come before the presence.”
 Reluctantly A-lu-te made haste to fol-
 low him to the pavilion of the empress
 dowager. She wanted to pray to the un-
 known God who had said:

   “Ask and ye shall receive.”

CHAPTER VII.

A-LU-TE PRAYS.

ALU-TE found the empress dow-
ager attired for a walk.

 Instead of the stiltlike Manchu
 shoes she wore on ceremonial occasions
 and in the palace, she had on a dainty
 pair of low-heeled slippers. The heavy
 Gu-un Dzan had been discarded and her
 * dark hair was coiled high in a simple
 knot, ornamented with a single rose, in
 place of the jewels she had worn that
 morning. Her blue silk dress was short,
 not to impede her walking. In her hand
 she carried a white, wandlike stick. She
 was accompanied by all the court ladies,
 among them the Lady Chou-Chao. A-
 lu-te threw a hasty glance in her direc-
 tion, and noted that Chou-Chao was smi-
 ling with timid contentment.
BREATH OF THE DRAGON.

27

 The Empress Dowager called out
gaily:

  “ I am going for a long walk, and I
shall eat in a peony thicket on top of a
hill where the view is beautiful. I am
very happy to-day, and I want every one
around me to be happy, too.”

  The procession started, the Empress
Dowager leading, the court ladies fol-
lowing. After them came twenty eunuchs
and six amahs, bearing boxes containing
dresses, wraps, shoes, perfumes, water-
pipes, handkerchiefs, looking-glasses of
various sizes, yellow paper, and red ink.
Any one of these articles Tzu Hsi might
require during the next hour or two.

  One servant was detached from the
procession. He walked a few steps be-
hind and to one side of his royal mis-
tress, holding in outstretched hands a
yellow satin stool for her to rest upon
when tired. The procession was closed
by the bearer of a large, yellow bag filled
with bamboo sticks which was always
carried wherever her majesty went, so
that punishment could be promptly ad-
ministered to delinquent servants.

  The empress dowager ordered A-lu-te
to walk beside her. When the procession
was forming, Chou-Chao had whispered
hurriedly into A-lu-te’s ear:

  “ I was only a little late, she was
sleeping and no one noticed me; they
were talking about you.”

  Tzu Hsi had keen eyes and quick ears.

  “What did that woman say to you‘a
moment since?” she demanded.

  They were following the fine-wrought
white marble balu9trading which
stretched along the borders of the lake.

  “ She said she had forgotten to bring
a wrap and asked if S’ang would fetch
her one.”

  “ She need not take such excellent
care of her health. Stupid people are
not scarce in this world,” remarked Tzu
Hsi caustically. The next minute her
mood changed. She plucked a flower
and held it caressingly to her cheek.
“ The heart of summer lies in it,” she
said, “ how gladsome it is, how sweet!

Since the days of my youth—which, alas,
passed swiftly as an arrow’s flight—my
greatest solace has been the contempla-
tion of nature. I have commanded to
be engraved on six thicknesses of im-
perial silk, these words of mine:- ‘ Study
the beauties, of nature—it is the road
which leads to inward freedom and se-
renity.’ ”

  She stood still; her dark eyes glowing
with tender light rested alternately on
the silver-sheen of the lake, on the dis-
tant winding streams, the peony-covered
terraced hillside nestling in the shadow
of the rugged western hills where the
yellow, upturned temple-roofs gleamed
in the sunlight.

  Suddenly she threw a backward glance
at the procession of court ladies and
servants and broke into a gay laugh.

  “ See, how silly they look! They are
wondering why I am standing here star-
ing into space. That is the way with
them; they care nothing for a beautiful
view and cannot comprehend any one
who does. Even Li here, who is not
without real brains, sees in nature only
ground that is high or low, wet or dry,
water that is smooth or rough, deep or
shallow, skies that are bright or over-
cast, trees that are green or not accord-
ing to the season, and plants with or
without flowers. Well, you can’t teach
sheep to climb trees, or make poets of
men who have no ink in their stomachs.
Am I right, Li?”

  The chief eunuch, who had approached
the instant he heard his name mentioned,
replied:

  “ I should be lying like a Nanking
bird-hawker if I said no; yet I am not
destitute of poetic imagination.”

  “ Poetic imagination! You! Prove
it! Prove it!”

  “ In a cup of wine I admire the blush
of the young peach. Can a poet do more
except to rhyme what I put in prose?
And perhaps to drink so deep of the
blush that it leaves sooner the cup to
glow triumphantly at the end of his
nose?” retorted Li, with a broad smile.
28

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Tzu Hsi laughed. This servant pos-
sessed the art of diverting her. It was
one of the reasons of his great influence
over her. He was intelligent, witty, and
when in her presence invariably amiable.

  His manner towards A-lu-te had com-
pletely changed; he treated her with po-
lite deference, showing no sign of the
fierce passion for revenge which gnawed
at his heart. The character of the chief
eunuch was an intricate web, in the
midst of which his mind sat like a hid-
eous and venomous spider. He had three
passions, greed, revenge, power. He had
one virtue, loyalty to his imperial mis-
tress.

  Tzu Hsi resumed her walk. She had
a quick, light step and those who fol-
lowed had much ado to keep pace with
her. Finally they arrived at that part of
the lake where Tzu Hsi had elected to
take the imperial boats. Two of these
boats resembled magnificent pagodas
floating on the water.

  The chief eunuch assisted her majesty
to embark. A-lu-te was told to follow,
while the court ladies entered the second
b#at. The imperial float was attached
by yellow ropes to three large rowboats
manned by seventy-two rowers, who
stood to their oars as they plied them in
unison.

  Tzu Hsi seated herself on a yellow-
cushioned chair and invited A-lu-te to
occupy the red cushion at her feet. The
day was singularly beautiful; the lake
smooth and crystal clear, except where
here and there thick clusters of lotus-
flowers rested on the water like small,
pink islands. As the little fleet receded
from the marble-terraced banks, two
eunuchs, standing in the bow of the em-
press dowager’s boat, began to sing.
Their voices, musical, clear, and sweet,
mingled with the soft sound of the water
stirred by the oars of the rowers.

  Presently the empress dowager raised
her hand.

  “ Stop,” she commanded, “ your song
makes me sad. I am growing old and
cannot afford to indulge in that feeling.

In the afternoon of life one should be-
ware lest one forgets how to laugh and
be happy. Let a story be read.”

  She had scarcely given the order when
she turned to A-lu-te.

  “ Wang-ti, you shall tell me a story,
but let it not be sad.”

  “ Your handmaiden will relate a tale
from Liao Chai Chih, if your illustrious
majesty permits,” replied A-lu-te, and
receiving permission she began:

  “An old woman past seventy lived in
Chao Ch’eng. She was a widow and had
one son who was her sole support. One
day he went into the forest to chop wood
and was eaten by a tiger. The old wom-
an prepared to commit suicide, for how
could she live with no one to bring her
food or to care for her? However, in
thinking the matter over, she determined
to go to the magistrate instead. Weep-
ing and lamenting she told him her sad
plight and begged him to have the tiger
arrested.

  “ ‘ Ha-ha! ’ laughed the magistrate,
‘ who ever heard of bringing a tiger to
the Yamen!’ The old woman continued
her lamentations and hopping up and
down before the magistrate, besought
him to do as she asked.”

  A-lu-te imitated the shrill cries and
lamentations of the old woman and
jumped up and down in so ludicrous a
manner that the empress dowager was
highly entertained.

  “ The magistrate, disliking so much
noise and clamor, and in order to be rid
of her, pretended to accede to her re-
quest. But the old woman sank on her
knees and refused to move until the war-
rant of arrest was issued. Finally the
warrant was duly drawn up and the
magistrate asked his police officers which
one would serve it.

  “Among the lictors was a certain Li-
heng. He had spent the previous night
carousing in a tavern and his head was
heavy and his mind not clear. The
others knowing this pushed him forward
and he was made to consent. Now when
Li recovered from the effects of his ca-
BREATH OF THE DRAGON.

29

rousal and discovered what he had prom-
ised, he was horrified. But he quickly
consoled himself with the thought that
the magistrate would not compel him to
serve such a silly summons.

  “After two days the magistrate, who
had again been plagued by the old wom-
an, sent for him, had him flogged for his
dilatoriness and ordered him to go forth
immediately and serve the summons.

  “ With fearful heart and trembling
greatly, Li went into the forest to seek the
tiger. But he did not find him. He then
went to the temple of a local divinity
whose shrine lay to the east of the city.
He knelt before the image and prayed for
help. As he rose to leave the temple a
tiger entered the door. Li-heng was ter-
ribly frightened; he expected to be eaten.
But the beast remained motionless, his
head bowed to the ground. Seeing him
so quiet, Li gathered courage and said:

  “ ‘ Did you kill the old woman’s son?’
“ The creature raised his head and
roared admission of his guilt.”

  Here A-lu-te tried to imitate a tiger’s
roar, and succeeded in making a sound
not unlike an angry kitten, which caused
the empress dowager to laugh consum-
mately.

  A-lu-te continued her narrative.

  “ ‘ As you have admitted your guilt,’
said Li-heng, ‘ I must place the chain
around your neck and take you to the
office of the magistrate.’ This he pro-
ceeded to do. The magistrate, being in-
formed of his arrival, sent for the old
woman. Then he questioned the tiger:

‘ Did you kill the son of this old woman?’
he a6ked. The animal bowed his head.

  “ ‘ Murder is a capital offense,’ said the
magistrate, ‘ and in your case an unusu-
ally heinous one, for this old woman was
entirely dependent on her son. But I will
let you go free on condition that you sup-
port her for the remainder of her natural
life.’ Again the tiger bowed his head
humbly. The chains were removed, and
he trotted off.

  “ The old woman, however, was very
indignant because he was not put to

death; ‘ great folks may set the town in
a blaze; common folks mustn’t even light
a lantern,’ she muttered angrily as she
hobbled off. But the next morning she
found a dead deer lying before the door
of her cottage. She sold the hide and
venison, and supplied her needs with the
money she obtained.

  “ Every morning the tiger brought ven-
ison to the cottage, and frequently other
choice food. The old woman waxed rich,
for the tiger supported her better than
her son had been able to do. He often
came and lay under the eaves of the cot-
tage, and the old woman would pat and
caress him, for she had become fond of
the beast. When she finally died, the
tiger came to the cottage door, pushed it
open with his paw, and how-owled forth
his grief. He appeared again at the
grave, leaping in among the mourners,
and roared like thunder.”

  A-lu-te illustrated the roaring with
much vigor. The empress dowager shook
with laughter: “Excellent, excellent!” she
cried. “ I have heard the late emperor’s
sleeve-dog make quite as fierce a noise!
What became of Sir Tiger?”

  “ Having thus loudly proclaimed his
sorrow at the old woman’s death, he
walked away weeping and was never
seen again. The people of Chao-Ch’eng,
however, erected a shrine outside the west
gate to commemorate his devotion.”
The empress dowager was in the best
of humors when she left the pagoda boat
to be carried in her chair to the summit
of the peony-hill, which commanded a
lovely view of the palace grounds and the
surrounding country.

  In a rustice summer-house she sipped
tea from a white jade cup on a golden
saucer presented by a kneeling eunuch,
while a second eunuch held a gold tray
containing blossoms of honeysuckle and
orange flowers, with which she loved to
flavor her tea. By royal command A-lu-te
was given of this special brew. The
court ladies remained outside the summer-
house, where their own eunuchs prepared
tea for them of a quality less fine.
30

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ Wang-ti,” said the empress dowager,
“ I find pleasure in your company; you
are merry and are not stupid. I will see
whether the day you came to the palace
is not a most auspicious one. Have the
book read,” she said, turning to Li, “ and
bring the answer immediately.”

  With an inscrutable look upon his face,
the chief eunuch went to do her bidding.
No sooner had he gone than A-lu-te—
buoyed by a hope rendered overconfident
because of the favorable impression she
had made, and because the “ Great Old
Buddha ” did, in sooth, look that day like
the “ Benign Mother ” her people affec-
tionately called her—determined to try to
obtain by frank and open-hearted appeal
that which she had thought only to ob-
tain by stratagem and fraud.

  She threw herself suddenly at the feet
of the empress dowager and knocked her
head repeatedly on the ground.

  “Tut, tut, girl! You needn’t break
your head thanking me for the tea. Get
up.”

  “ Grant, Old Ancestor, the prayer of
your handmaiden,” said A-lu-te, her voice
quivering with fear of failure and hope of
success.

  She was risking all at one stroke. If
she failed, Fen-Sha’s fate was irrevocably
sealed. That she was imminently endan-
gering her own life she knew well, but to
this she had become accustomed. Had
she not risked her life many times over
from the moment she set foot in the sum-
mer palace, and even earlier in Feking,
where she posed as the niece—dead these
two years or more—of the Lady Yin?

  “ What is it you want?” asked the
empress dowager with a smile; a charm-
ing smile of great sweetness. “ Is it a
new gown for the summer more handsome
than any at court save mine? Or jewels?
For, in sooth, you seem to have none.
Shall it be pearl earrings, or a bracelet of
green jade from Khoten? Speak; per-
haps it will pleasure me to grant your
prayer.”

  A-lu-te clasped her hands in supplica-
tion.

  “It is not gowns or jewels your slave
desires; it is—” Her voice faltered an
instant; then she went bravely on: “ It
is the life of one who, innocent of crime,
is doomed to die.”

  Tzu Hsi frowned.

  At this moment the chief eunuch en-
tered, silent-footed, unobserved. When
he saw A-lu-te on the ground in the atti-
tude of one kow-towing, not in deference
or gratitude, but as one beseeching, he
stopped to listen. A look of intense satis-
faction came into his face as he heard her
low-spoken words. He was a clever man,
and an exceedingly cunning one. The
reason of the astounding temerity the girl
displayed that morning when she defied
his authority to eject her from the palace
was clear to him now. She hoped to save
the life of some one dear to her.

  Who was it? Not her father, for Li
knew well that the brother-in-law of
Lord Yin was not threatened with danger
from the wrath of the throne, nor yet
any of his family. Had the girl a lover?
Yes! That was it! What audacity to
present herself-as eligible to enter the
harem of the Solitary One! She herself
had now given him the rope with which
to hang her. Well, he would use it, and
quickly, and the knot around her throat
he would tie exceeding tight.

  Softly approaching the empress dow-
ager, he whispered in her ear:

  “ It appears, Old Buddha, that now we
have the true reason why this young lady
so ardently desired to grace the court
with her presence.”

  The frown on Tzu Hsi’s face deep-
ened. She did not reply to the eunuch,
but his words made the impression he
desired on her mind. Her anger grew
against this girl whose apparent happiness
and gaiety had ozonized the stale at-
mosphere of her court.

  Was it true that this lovely young crea-
ture had sought to remain in the palace
for reasons other than the honor and joy
of being near the Presence? Tzu Hsi’s
vanity was wounded. Her voice was
harsh when she spoke again:
BREATH OF THE DRAGON.

31

  “ What nonsense is this? What have
you to do with the decrees of my law
courts? If one of my subjects is con-
demned to die, be assured of the fact that
he deserves his fate, and that it ill be-
comes an ignorant girl like you to ques-
tion the justice or plead the cause of such
a one. Moreover, I know that I allow
no one other than officials, or those sum-
moned by me for the purpose, to broach
questions of state or law.”

  Too late A-lu-te realized her mistake.
It seemed to her that a grave had opened
at her feet, a grave of her own digging,
into which she had plunged Fen-Sha, and
into which she herself was falling. Again
the empress dowager spoke. Her voice
was, if possible, more imperious, more
harsh than before.

  “ Who is this man for whose life you
have the presumption to plead?”

  There are some natures who from an
overpowering consciousness that their op-
ponent is more powerful, stronger than
they, become crushed, spiritless, fright-
ened. A-lu-te’s nature was not one of
these. Love made her strong. Her mind
worked with lightning rapidity. Only
quick thought, ready wit, could save her
now.

  “ Old ancestor, it is not a man your
slave pleads for—it is her dog.”

  The empress dowager stared a moment
in blank amazement—then broke into a
silvery peal of laughter.

  “Your dog!” she cried. * Well, and
why must your dog die? Has he snapped
at the official legs of one of my magis-
trates? Is that it?”

  “ No, your majesty. It is that he is
far from his mistress, your handmaiden,
and will die sorrowing for her.”

  “ That is not the habit of animals,
whether man or dog,” replied Tzu Hsi
emphatically. “ In the palace I permit
only my own special breed of dogs. I
will give you Cha’s brother; his hair is
not as long and silky as Cha’s, but for
all that he is a handsome creature.”
A-lu-te drew a long breath. For the
moment, at least, the danger was past.

She kow-towed again, this time to
express gratitude for the gift she was to
receive. Then she rose staggering to her
feet. Her escape had been narrow; the
strain of it left her weak.

  She was conscious that the chief eunuch
was watching her closely. She felt in-
stinctively that he at least had not been
deceived by her answer. A breeze had
sprung up. The blossoms on the mimosa
trees moved gently to and fro like dainty
pink birds swaying on the branches. Far
below, silvery ripples ruffled the smooth
surface of the lake, the lotos flowers
nodded their fragrant little heads.

  “ How beautiful it is,” sighed the em-
press dowager. “ I have often wondered
which hour in the twenty-four nature is
her loveliest. I have watched her in all
of them; in the early morning, at mid-
day, in the long, dreamy afternoons, in
the evenings, and in the wonderful hours
of the starry night; and never, never can
I decide when her beauty is supreme.”

  Suddenly she remembered the commis-
sion she had given the chief eunuch.

  “ What says the book?” she asked.

  “ What your slave read is best said to
your majesty’s ear alone,” he replied sig-
nificantly.

  She turned to A-lu-te.

  “ You can join the other ladies. Tell
them to note the beauties of nature and
cease discussing their clothes or tea-house
gossip brought by the eunuchs of the
palace.”

  A-lu-te withdrew. Her heart was heavy
with foreboding. She feared the chief
eunuch at that moment more than she
had feared the empress dowager’s frown.

  When she had gone, Tzu Hsi said
sharply:

  “ Out with it—what said the book?”

  “ Old Buddha, the news is bad. The
seventh of this moon—which is the day
she came to the palace—trouble begins
for you.”

  Clever woman though she was, Tzu
Hsi was grossly superstitious. Belief in
omens, in prophecies, was deep-rooted in
her character, and played an incredibly
32

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

important part in forming her opinions,
in regulating the actions of her public and
private life.

  She was in fact as grossly superstitious
as the most ignorant coolie in the empire,
in spite of her undoubted intelligence,
her profound acquaintance with Chinese
classics and histories. She seldom ques-
tioned the integrity of signs and omens,
and she habitually consulted her book
not only for lucky days, but for propitious
hours in the day.

  The chief eunuch’s report both amazed
and troubled her. She rose abruptly.

  “ My chair,” she commanded.

  This time A-lu-te was not invited into
the royal barge. The girl’s anxiety and
fear increased. What had the chief
eunuch told the empress dowager? Per-
haps he had discovered her identity!

  But she did not entertain the thought
long, for she was well aware that the
Great Old Buddha’s rage would have
fallen upon her immediately. The court
ladies, quick to note the slightest change
in the royal countenance, thought they
saw A-lu-te’s star rapidly descending.
They moved away from her, gathering in
small groups to whisper and titter, while
she sat apart a prey to anxious thoughts
and conjectures.

  She was not entirely alone, however.
Lady Chou-Chao remained beside her.
When they landed, A-lu-te hoped ardent-
ly that she would be summoned to ap-
proach the empress dowager again, to en-
tertain her with song and story or lively
conversation.

  But no summons came, and she was al-
lowed to follow unnoticed in the rear of
the procession. Later in the day she

accompanied the court to the theater and
remained long hours, scarcely seeing or
hearing the eunuch actors who were per-
forming one of the numerous plays which
the empress dowager amused herself
writing in leisure hours.

  That evening when she returned to her
room she found a small fluffy black-and-
white object curled up on a chair. It was
Cha’s brother, the gift of the empress
dowager. The little creature stuck out
its soft, moist tongue and gently licked
her hand.

  A-lu-te felt comforted, for she could
not but think that had the empress dowa-
ger been angry the dog would not have
been sent to her. She felt tired, yet had
no thought of sleep. She sank on her
knees and, bowing her head to the floor,
began to pray.

  “ O you, you nameless One, you God
of the foreigners, help me, A-lu-te; for
Buddha hears me not. With bent body,
with lowered eyes, humbly, humbly I
bring my prayers to you. I will bum
incense and candles in your temples at
this very hour, every month of every
year I live, if you listen to me now. Save
Fen-Sha, condemned to die the lingering
death. O you God of the foreigners, I
kow-tow to you. I promise sacrifices to
you, wine, cakes, aye, even sheep and
bullock, reverently I promise. Save Fen-
Sha, save Fen-Sha, save Fen-Sha!”

  The night was far spent, and still
A-lu-te offered up her frenzied prayers,
bowing to the ground unceasingly, calling
on the God of the foreigner.

  An hour before dawn she crept ex-
hausted to her k’ang.

TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK. Don’t forget this magazine is issued weekly, and that
you will get the continuation of this story without waiting a month.

COMPLETE NEXT WEEK

THE FIGHTING LASH

BY CHARLES B. STILSON
Story of a Strange Weapon and the Strange Man Who Wielded It.
Frarvk R..Adanvs

IT was a slack morning in the store,
and hot besides. Customers were
few and indolent. The season was
conducive to confidences.

  “ Do you believe much in fortune tell-
ers?” Fannie Kerman asked of her coun-
ter-mate in the ladies’ silk hosiery sec-
tion.

  “ Well,” Mabel carefully inserted a
blond pencil into her knot of black hair
before replying, “ I don’t know that I’m
in a position to say, dearie. I’ve had a
lot of nice things predicted for me,” she
offered with a mouselike smile, “ but I’m
too young yet to tell whether they’re go-
ing to come true or not.”

  “ I just asked to sort of get your point
of view before telling you what happened
to me,” Fannie explained amiably, pat-
ting her pompadour, her collar, and her
hips in the order named to assure her-
self that she was looking her trim best.

  “ I guess I told you once about a cou-
ple of fellows I’ve been going with for
the past year, ain’t I? Nice boys, both
of them are, and when they wash the
graphite and grease off their hands and
faces after the whistle blows over at the
automobile factory, they’d pass for white
men anywhere. One is named Nick
Hopper, he’s the oldest, and the other is

    3	a-s

Hardy Nelson, as nice a Swedish boy as
ever came over from the old country up
in Minnesota. They’re both good me-
chanics and they get good pay there at
the factory.

  “ The only objection I ever had to
Nick and Hardy was that they stuck so
close together. Those lads were as
strong for each other as if they had been
brought up on the same bottle of liquid
glue. They certainly were good com-
pany for themselves. One package of
tobacco was enough for both of ’em be-
cause they were never out of sight of
each other. That certainly is grand
when it comes to whacking up living ex-
penses and devising ways and means of
deceiving the landlady, but it ain’t such
a much if you carry it to extremes like
mixing it in your love affairs.

  “ Unfortunately, them two lads didn’t
fall in love with a brace of twins like
they should, but instead they both
picked on me. You can imagine how
much fun that was. Just sitting in the
parlor with two gentlemen friends or go-
ing to band concerts and movies with
the same does moderately well for the
time being, but in order to get real inti-
mate with anybody of the opposite sex
a girl has got to let him hold her hand

33
34

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

in the dark occasionally and fight with
him about whether or not she is going to
kiss him good night.

  “ Things went on like that for nearly
a year, and I was seriously considering
the idea of adopting a cat and being an
old maid when they came to me together
and said they wanted to marry me.

  “ ‘ Which one?’ I asked sort of sur-
prised because I had given up hope.

  “ ‘ Whichever one you want,’ replied
Nick. ‘ There ain't any other way to
settle it. We’ve tried to but can’t. I’ve
been urging Hardy to do it for the last
six months but he insists on me having
you, so we can’t get anywhere.’

  “ ‘ Nick will make the best husband
for you, Fannie,’ Hardy urged. ‘ He
works faster than I do and makes more
money.’

  “ ‘ But I don’t save it the way Hardy
does,’ Nick pointed out. ‘ He’s got a
roll in the bank.’

  “ ‘ Half of it’s yours when you need
it, Nick,’ his pal said, putting his hand
on his shoulder.

  “ Can you beat it? Those two lads
stood there hurling bouquets at each
other until their arms gave out. It was
just like that movie we saw last week,
you remember, don’t you, Mabel, the
one where the guys wore mostly sheets
instead of clothes, and one of ’em was
going to die for the other.”

  “ I got you,” Mabel responded imme-
diately to the description. “ It was just
grand. The name of it was ‘ The Dame
and Pythias,’ I think.”

  “ That’s it,” agreed Fannie. “ Nick
and Hardy was just like them guys in
the picture except they were all dressed,
complete.

  “ When they put it to me that way I
didn’t know what to do. You know how
it is when you’ve only got a dollar to
spare from lunch money and Jordan’s is
advertising a perfectly elegant near-Ger-
man-silver mesh-bag for ninety-eight
cents and The Fair is having a run the
same day on ninety-nine-cent envelope
chemises with almost hand-made lace in-

sertion. A girl don’t know where to put
her money.

  “ I told Nick and Hardy I’d have to
think it over. I made one condition
though. I said they’d have to cut out
the team play.

  “ ‘ I don’t care how you arrange it,’ I
said as kindly as I could, because I saw
that the idea was hard for them to
understand, ‘ but I’ve got to get used to
looking at you one at a time if you really
mean business.’

  “ They stood for it and we arranged
how Nick was to call Monday, Wednes-
day, and Friday evenings and Hardy on
the other evenings except Sunday which
was to be a mass meeting as usual of all
the parties concerned.

  “ It looked as if things was going to
be a lot livelier—there was more chanee
for a heart interest, as the book reviewer
says. I figured that in a week’s time I
could have those boys just as friendly
with each other as the Kaiser and King
George.

  “ I wasn’t entirely wrong about the
heart interest part anyway. After a few'
rehearsals I got Nick so he knew what
to do with my hand when I left it acci-
dental in his lap. Hardy was more trou-
ble. The average Swedish lad seems to
have an idea that the way to win a girl
is to wear her out by talking about the
weather. He was a bum performer but
I knew from something in his eye that
he would be a whirlwind if he ever got
started. So I nursed him along, and
finally one night I nearly scared him to
death by letting him kiss me good night
when all he meant to do was help me off
with my coat.

  “ But what do you think that poor
fish did? He went and apologized to
Nick about it. I nearly cried when I
heard that. How do I know? I’ll tell
you. I went to the window to look at
him once more when he left the house.
Will you believe me he hadn’t no more
than got out the door when somebody
meets him under the lamp post? It was
Nick, and he’d been waiting to walk
THE DAME AND PYTHIAS.

35

home with Hardy. Hardy wouldn’t go
with him until he had explained what a
pup he’d been by kissing his friend’s
best girl. Thank Heaven some men ain’t
so particular. Otherwise what would we
do for magazine stories?

  “ I was near discouraged. All my
smooth work didn’t amount to much if
they were going to get out extras about
it. You can’t put over a plot very suc-
cessful if they keep a spotlight on you
all the time. Occasionally you have to
pull a little rough stuff. The quickness
of the hand deceives the eye all right
most of the time, but it ain’t considered
good form to make the magician take off
his coat and show where the extra ace of
spades is attached to the rubber band in
his sleeve. Even Houdini couldn’t do
some of his best stuff if he had to work
in sight of the audience when he slips
them handcuffs off.

   “ We been going to White City a good
deal this summer. They got a swell band
out there this season, and the dance floor
in the pavilion is something elegant.
Hardy ain’t so light on his feet as a
steam tractor, but Nick can dance a
good deal better than Pavlowa, and I’ve
seen ’em both.

   “ I think there is something in Hardy’s
religion that makes it a sin to dance, al-
though the way he does it it ain’t so
much a sin as it is a crime, which ought
to be punishable by fine and imprison-
ment. Nick, though, hasn’t got any im-
pediment in his feet whatever, and when
I was fox-trotting with him I could al-
most forget the places where I’d been
stepped on by the world’s champion
Scandinavian horse-shoer.

  “ But Hardy had his good points. As
I said before, an expert could tell that
all he needed was bringing out, and be-
sides it wasn’t possible entirely to forget
that bank-roll that he had put away in
the First National. In some ways cash
comes in a lot handier after marriage
than the ability to waltz with both hands
tied behind you.

  “ So I didn’t decide right away. As

a matter of fact I was enjoying it more
than the boys. They got a little hag-
gard, both of ’em, and had a worried
look around the eyes.

  “ ‘ Can’t you decide?’ asked Nick on
Monday or Wednesday evening, I for-
get which—anyway it was his night to
be with me.

  “ ‘ No, I can’t,’ I admitted regretful.
We were at White City, and the band
was playing that new piece of Irving
Berlin’s just as loud as they could. It
was as romantic as anything, with the
splash of the water in the ‘ Shoot the
Chutes,’ and all the electric lights turned
on full horse power.

  “ ‘ Let’s ask Rajah Bong about it,’ he
suggested, desperate.

  “ ‘ Gee,’ I answered kind of took back.

‘ Do you know how much the Rajah
charges?’

  “ ‘ Yes.’ Nick gulped a little. ‘ Five
dollars for a complete reading, but for
two bucks he'll give you an answer to
one question.’ Which was lucky for
Nick because he never had five dollars
all at once in his life—anyway not an
hour after he was paid off and had set-
tled with the guys he had borrowed off
of during the week.

  “ Rajah Bong is about the most elite
attraction at White City this season. If
you’ve been out there you’ve probably
been past his place. There ain’t any
ballyhoo spieler outside, and the sign
above the door ain’t printed in letters
over a foot high. Everything is digni-
fied. He don’t have to advertise because
everybody knows about him anyway.
All he has to do is just touch your hand
and he can tell j^ou who you’re going to
marry, how many children you’ll have,
and whether or not some rich relative
is going to die and leave you money.

  “ I guess any girl is sort of crazy
about getting some dope on the future
from somebody that’s on the inside. I
fell for the Rajah Bong idea right off
the reel. He charged so much for in-
formation it seemed like he must be a
friend of somebody pretty high up.
36	ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

   “ So I agreed to leave it up to the Ra-
jah and become engaged to whichever of
:eui he said. I might just as well. If I
was going to anyway there was no harm
in finding out and saving a lot of worry
making up my mind.

  “ We went over to Rajah’s conces-
sion. There was just an even dozen
waiting to see him, and a colored man
in a red kimona gave us a number and
told us to wait, something like in a bar-
ber shop.

  “ The place was all fixed up like a
window-trimmer having delirium trem-
ens, lots of turkey red hangings from the
upholstery department of the five-and-
ten-cent store, and sword bayonets from
the Spanish War fixed on the walls in
pairs, crossed. Black curtains with tin-
sel moons and stars sewed on ’em hung
across an inner door, and over it was
some printing in Russian or Yiddish or
some Bohunk language. I’ve found out
since that it’s a quotation from the Old
Testament and means, ‘ Watch your step
and have your money ready.’

  “ Rajah Bong was certainly tending
strictly to business that evening. It
wasn’t over half an hour before he got
to me and there was a dozen people
ahead. Even at two dollars a throw he
was making enough every hour to buy a
set of tires for an automobile. And some
of the patients was loosening up for five-
dollar treatments. You could tell that
by the way they went into a corner and
dug down into the holeproof vault when
the colored gent asked ’em to contribute.

  “ Nick had two dollars right in his
hand when it got to me. It was all in
silver, and we’d both kicked in on it be-
cause he didn’t have enough. The col-
ored person took it away from him and
threw it in a bag he was carrying as if
it was too much trouble to count it.

  “ 1 Write yo’ question here,’ the col-
ored man said, giving me a pad of paper
and a pencil stub. ‘ The Rajah has to
have something that you have touched
in his hand before he can answer.’

   “ ‘ What shall I write?’ I asked Nick.

  “ ‘ Ask him who you’re going to marry,’
Nick answered. ‘ That’s all we want to
know.’

  “ So I wrote that on the paper, and the
darky took it careless and went behind the
curtain. It was only a minute before he
was back and said: ‘ Rajah Bong will re-
ceive yo’.’ He said it just like that, grand,
like in a book.

   “ I had to leave Nick outside and go in
alone.

  “ Inside there was only a little room,
but it was certainly fixed up swell.
Everything wTas black, with skulls on it in
white. There was a couple of regular
skulls, too, on the table that had electric
lights in ’em for eyes. A brass dish had a
little fire in it that made a funny-smelling
kind of smoke, like that Japanese non-
sense you burn to attract the mosquitoes
when you sit out on the front steps in the
evening.

  “ The Rajah Bong had a skull in his
hand, and was sitting sidewise looking at
it sorrowful-like, as if he was saying,
‘Alas, poor Horlick!’ Neither of ’em
looked at me when I come in, but in
a minute a little smoke oozed out of
the skull’s eyes. I recognized the smell
of Pirates’ Delight cigarettes in a min-
ute. I suppose smoking ’em was what
killed him. They say that after inhal-
ing ten, you have to send for the pul-
motor.

  “ The rajah was a little man, but he
looked terrible dignified and solemn in a
black Mother Hubbard, with spangles on
it and a hassock, or something Oriental
anyway, wound around his head.

   “ ‘ A bacadabra,’ he said in a deep, sor-
rowful voice.

  “ ‘ No,’ I corrected him. ‘ The name is
Fannie Herman.’

  “ ‘ I know that,’ he said, weary.
‘ Nothing is concealed from Rajah Bong.
I know everything.’

  “ Wasn’t it wonderful, his knowing my
name? And I had never set eyes on him
before in all my life.

  “ ‘ I know,’ he went on in the same
tone of voice, ‘ that you belong to the frail
THE DAME AND PYTHIAS.

37

sect called woman, created to be the des-
pair of man. And you are going to marry
a young man with dark hair and eye-
brows, dressed in a suit of dark-blue
clothes and a pair of yellow shoes.’

  “ He couldn’t have described Nick bet-
ter if he had seen him. He even knew the
kind of clothes he had on.

  “ Well, that settled it. I went out and
told Nick what the Rajah Bong had said.
I hated the idea of losing Hardy for good,
especially when I remembered how care-
less Nick was with his pay, but the
thought of the way Nick could dance sort
of evened things up.

  “ ‘ I suppose w’e’re engaged then,’ I
said after I had got tired waiting for him
to mention it.

  “ ‘ Uh-huh,’ he admitted, just as cheer-
ful as if somebody had poisoned his dog.

  “ ‘ It ain’t a funeral, you know,’ I re-
minded him. ‘ The minister ain’t going to
say, “ Ashes to ashes and dust to dust,”
when he hitches us.’

  “ ‘ It ain’t that,’ said Nick. ‘ I was
thinking of Hardy. This is going to
break him all up when he hears about it.’
“ ‘ Do you think he’s so crazy about me
that he can’t stand it?’ I asked, a little
worried myself. I didn’t want to drive
anybody to a carbolic-acid cocktail.
‘ Don’t you suppose he can get along
without me?’

  “ ‘ I was thinking how lonesome he’s
going to be when I’m gone.’ Nick was as
mournful as a bride kissing her mother
good-by. ‘ I guess we’ll have to have
Hardy come and live with us,’ he said.

  “ ‘ Nothing like it. Play something
else, that piece is out of your range.
After we’re married you’re going to be
allowed to invite Hardy over for dinner
once a month, if he’ll promise not to cry
on the parlor rug. Play that both ways
for me.’

  “ Nick was sort of set back, but he saw
that I meant it, and said no more about it.

  “ ‘ Anyhow,’ he decided as he left me
at the door after taking me home that
night, ‘ let me break it to him. Maybe he
won’t take it so hard if I tell him.’

  “ I agreed to that. There wasn’t any
particular reason why I wanted to gloat
over the poor Swede’s misery.

  “ But I wasn’t quite prepared for what
happened the next night when Hardy
Nelson showed up, grinning all over his
map, and said he was going to take me
out to White City.

  “ I looked at him, doubtful.

  “ ‘ Where’s Nick?’ 1 asked.

  “ ‘ I don’t know,’ Hardy answered.
‘ This ain’t his evening to call.’

  “ I saw what had happened. Nick had
lost his nerve, and hadn’t been able to
spring the bad news on his tow-headed
friend. What could I do? Nothing. I
had promised my fiance I wouldn’t tell.
So I trotted along with Hardy out to
White City as if nothing had happened.

  “ ‘ Nick has a great scheme,’ he tells
me on the way out. ‘ I’m going to take
you to the Rajah Bong and let him settle
which one of us you’re going to marry.
Is that all right with you?’

  “ I saw it all. It was clever of Nick,
wasn’t it? Instead of telling Hardy him-
self, the fortune-teller would do it for him,
and, of course, Hardy wouldn’t take it so
hard coming sort of direct from fate that
way. The scheme was so pretty that I
fell for it right away. It would cost
Hardy a couple of bucks that he didn’t
really need to spend, but then he had
money to burn, if you counted that bank-
roll which I wasn’t so much interested in
helping him save any more.

  “ So we went to Rajah Bong’s place as
soon as we hit the park. It was early,
and there was nobody waiting in the out-
side room. So they maced Hardy for a
couple of iron men right away, and I
wrote my question on the paper and went
into the cell where they kept the rajah.

  “ He was still looking at his bone-head
friend, and, without glancing at me, he
said solemnly, ‘ Abacadabra.’

  “ This time I didn’t argue about it. He
reached out and took my hand.

  “ ‘ You want to know something about
marriage,’ he said, all mysterious, but still
looking at Horlick and talking as if he
38

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

was a long ways off. ‘ I see before you a
b'_:.utiful youth with light hair and blue
eyes, who takes your hand and leads you
to the altar.’

  “ Then, still holding ray hand, he
turned toward me for the first time. I
saw a sort of puzzled look come into his
eyes, as if he thought he had seen me
somewhere before, but couldn’t remember
where.

  “ ‘ Beautiful girl,’ he said, ‘ your soul
and mine have met before. They speak
to each other. What does it mean?’

  “ I didn’t tell him, because probably he
knew, anyway, and was just asking ques-
tions to let me think I was in on it.

  “ Besides I had a lot of things that was
worrying me more at that moment.
Where did I stand? How did it come that
fate picked out two different husbands
on two evenings one right after the other?
This second night he had described Hardy
Nelson just as if he was a brother. There
was no mistaking it. And Hardy was out
in the other room where the rajah couldn’t
possibly see him.

  “ It was too much for me. I went out
and told Hardy what the rajah had said,
and we agreed to be engaged. I didn’t
know what else to do.

  “ But he asked me not to tell Nick, and
said that he would spring the news him-
self. This suited me down to the ground,
because I didn’t know how I was going
to explain to either lad what had hap-
pened. After they had scrapped it out
among themselves, they could come to
me with the decision.”

  “ How did the boys settle it?” asked
Mabel eagerly.

  “ They didn’t,” Fannie drawled tantal-
izingly. “ Each one is afraid to tell the
other for fear it will break him all up.
Neither of ’em can sleep nights for worry-
ing so about how the other one is going
to take it.”

  “ Ain’t that awful,” Mabel sympa-
thized. “ Who is this lad trying to at-
tract your attention?”

  Fannie looked carelessly toward the
other end of the counter where stood a

bashful young man of heavy-weight build,
who was covered with crimson blushes at
finding himself in the proximity of so
much feminine hosiery.

  “ It’s Hardy,” Fannie murmured in
amazement. “ What can he be doing here
during shop hours?”

  She moved toward him nevertheless,
and Mabel, curious, edged down as close
as possible without appearing to be listen-
ing deliberately.

  “ What’s the matter, Hardy?” Fannie
inquired of the agitated youth. “ Are you
starting on a honeymoon all by yourself?
What’s the idea?”

  “ I’ve left the shop,” he said, “ and I’ve
come to tell you that our engagement is
off. The foreman said he’d have to lay
one of us off for the slack season, and I
went to him afterward so Nick wouldn’t
know and told him I’d be the one to quit.
I just couldn’t tell Nick I was going to
take you away from him, so you’ll have
to marry him. I’m going away off
somewhere, but I hope you’ll both be
happy.”

  Without giving her a chance to make
any protest he turned and fled precipitate-
ly, while Fannie, barred from pursuit by
store rules, could only murmur feebly:

  “ Can you beat that?”

  She was still muttering to herself when
another man approached from the other
aisle.

  “Nick!” she exclaimed.

  “ Yeh,” he admitted gloomily. “ I been
waiting for Hardy to clear out so I could
speak to you alone.”

  “ What is it?”

  “ Listen, sis, I can’t do it. The mar-
riage thing, I mean. Hardy is crazy
about you, and I couldn’t bear to take
you away from him. He’s known there
was something up for a long time, and
it’s been worrying him. He ain’t said
anything, but I’ve seen him getting thin-
ner every day. Why, that boy has
dropped from two hundred and seventeen
pounds down to two hundred and twelve
in the last three weeks.

  “ If he was to hear for sure that you
THE DAME AND PYTHIAS.

39

anti me was going to get hitched, it would
put him down and out. So I’m going to
call off our engagement. I think too much
of Hardy. He can have you. I’m going
to find him and tell him now. I just quit
my job at the shop so he’ll be making
enough to get married on. I can get
along somehow until I get something else.
Good-by, Fannie. I’ll come and see you
sometime after you’re married.”

  He, too, breathless from his impas-
sioned speech, rushed off in the direction
taken by his comrade, leaving Fannie,
who probably held the world’s record by
being jilted twice in ten minutes, rearrang-
ing her hair and touching her neck-band
and smoothing her skirt over her hips to
assure herself that at least externally she
was still the same girl.

  “ Ain’t that dreadful?” sympathized
Mabel, disclosing amazingly intimate
knowledge of the conversation that had
just taken place. “ They were both
awful handsome boys, too. What are you
going to do? You could sue ’em for
breach of promise.”

  “ I won’t bother about ’em,” said

Fannie nonchalantly. “ I don’t think I’ll
even tell my husband about it.”

  “ Your husband? What do you mean
—husband?”

  “ I am the Rajaherine Bong,” Fannie
announced with a careless gesture. “ We
was married last evening. His real name
is Clarence Weinberg, and he is making
too much money to be a bachelor. As
soon as my week is out here, I’m going to
take the colored man’s place collecting the
coin for fortunes from the simps in the
ante-room.”

  Mabel regarded her with ill-concealed
envy.

  “ Gee, don’t you have all the luck?
But the rajah made a dreadful mistake,
didn’t he, when he told you first that
your husband would have dark hair and
then the next night said he would be a
blond. That was an • awful blunder,
wasn’t it?”

  “ No. The Rajah Bong never makes
mistakes. He knows everything. What
he meant was that his own hair is dark
now, but it’s only dyed, and is coming in
yellow at the roots.”

   rr	rr	tr

SONNET TO A SWAT

  BY GEORGE ALLAN ENGLAND

   WHEN in the early dawning, still and gray,	*

   Thou court’st coy slumber that doth restive flee,

    And after endless wooing, painfully
    Induce th’ unwilling Morpheus to stay—

    Hark! Zzzzzzzz! List now the tiny minstrel’s lay!

    Zooning about thine ear, he fatefully
    Doth seek to lance thee, wheresoe’er it be,

    With tiny falchion eager for the fray.

    Motionless, bating breath, thou dost hold back
    The premature and ineffective blow;

    Till the gray minstrel, swiftly bending low,

   Lights on thy brow and sinks his drill. Then, WHACK!

    Secure from harm, thou sink’st to dreamy bliss—

    What joy in life can half compare with this?
cf Henry Payson Dowst

     Author of “ The Girl and the Game/* ** The Girl on the Jury,” etc.

CHAPTER I.

“ broke!”

  A T exactly six o’clock, post meridian,
/\ on May 27, 1915, Jonas Jones
1 \ slammed down the top of his big
desk with an angry crash.

  “ There,” he said, aggressively wagging
his grizzled head, “ I guess that’s settled! ”

  He got up and went to a convenient
wash-stand concealed behind a mirrored
door at the side of the room. Here he
busied himself, stooping, and irritably
splashing the water in the basin.

  “ I warned you, Burly, six months ago,
that the time wasn’t far off when you’d
reach your limit.” He bent over and
splashed cold water vigorously in his face
and eyes. “ Damn that office-boy—
where’s a towel?” He pawed blindly in
space.

  “ Here, father,” said young Burleson
Jones. He stepped quickly across the
room from the window out of which he
had been moodily staring during the last
half hour. Now he got a fresh towel from
some shelf above the elder man’s head
and placed it in the groping fingers.

  “ Thanks. It’s not because I haven’t
got plenty; it’s because you’re ruining
yourself and weakening your character—
oh, what’s the use? We’ve been over all
the ground time and again. What I say

now is final; not a cent more. You get
out and rustle a while. Live at home if
you want to; that’s more than most boys
get. And don’t think I’m doing this be-
cause I’m sore. I’m doing it for your
own good.”

  “ Hurts you more than it does me,
I suppose,” suggested the son, with a
dubious grin.

  Jonas grunted through the towel.

  “ Well, maybe I wouldn’t go so far as
that. I wouldn’t really say that I was
in any acute agony-—only the pain you
give me by being such a—a—”

  “ I get you, father. You don’t need
to say it. And you won’t even give rae
a job on the System?”

  “ Old man’s pet,” snorted Jonas. “ Not
on your life!”

  “ But they wouldn’t know I was your
son.”

  “ Wouldn’t they? Huh! They’d know
it in three days, from one end of the line
to the other. No, sir, you get out and
rustle. Get a job.”

  “ Something like a waiter in a restaur-
ant—or, say, driving a taxicab? That’s
about the only thing I know how to do.”
“ Not so bad, not so bad,” approved
Jonas, laboring with his detachable cuffs.
“ When I first came here I got a job
driving—”

  “ Yes, I know.”

40
THE STEP-LIVELIES.

41

   “ Well, boy, a little repetition don’t
hurt.”

  Young Burleson Jones sighed and
picked up his hat. His father took an
aged, flat-topped derby off a peg in the
closet and dusted it carefully. It was a
hat that had become a landmark in the
Street, for Jonas wore it summer and
winter. Burleson lighted a cigarette.
They passed out together and stood wait-
ing for the elevator. Jonas eyed the
cigarette vindictively.

   “ Give me one of those damn things,”
he demanded.

   He lighted it awkwardly, treating it like
a cigar, and when they reached the street
spat it away in disgust.

   “ Don’t see anything in smoking a piece
of rag like that. Where you going now,
Burly?”

   “ Up to see Grace, I guess.”

   Jonas Jones grinned cheerfully at his
son.

  “ What are you going to do, try to
make her a workingman’s bride? Come
on, I’ll— John, take me home; and then
Mr. Burleson wants to go to Mrs. Col-
chester’s.”

   The two entered the limousine.

   “ What do you want to rub it in for?”
asked Burleson, irritated.

   Half an hour later Jenkins, whom Burly
Jones persisted in ridiculing as Mrs. Bry-
ant Colchester’s “ moving-picture butler,”
admitted that young man to the great
Colchester drawing-room, and consented
punctiliously to call Miss Grace.

   “ I don’t see,” Burly began pugnacious-
ly, when, all smiles and dimples, she came
to greet him, “ why I always have to wait
here in this sarcoph—”

   “ Burly!” protested Grace.

   “ Well, why is it?”

  “ Mother’s orders. She’s very strict
with Jenkins. Would you rather come
up in my sitting-room? It is cosier, of
course. But it looks so untidy—”

   “ Fiddlesticks!”

   “ Why, Burly, aren’t you cross!”

   Once in Miss Grace’s snug sitting-room,

the caller advanced upon the fireplace,
where he kicked a half-burned log until
it blazed up pleasantly. Then he threw
himself into a comfortable chair.

  “ Smoke if you want to,” suggested
Grace.

  “ Thanks. I’ve never smoked in this
room yet; I’d rather not.”

   “ Burly dear,” the girl asked, sitting on
a spindly-looking chair, which she drew
quite near him, “ what’s the trouble?”

  “ Two things, and they don’t go to-
gether worth a cent. I’m in love, and I’m
broke.”

  He rolled his head against the back of
his chair and looked at Miss Colchester
soberly; and Miss Colchester blushed.
She was adorable when she blushed. She
was adorable anyhow.

  An unusual type was Grace Colchester,
a blonde with the deep brown eyes of a
brunette. A girl like Grace cannot be
described in cold type; she can only be
suggested. Then you can close your eyes
and imagine some conceit of your own
that will visualize her—something all
dimples, and pinks and whites and golds,
radiating a charm made up of equal parts
physical perfection, absolute well-being,
and unaffected good-will.

  Of course Grace was the child and
product of luxury. Luxury fitted her like
a garment, and you couldn’t imagine her
without it, any more than you could im-
agine a trout-brook without banks and
overhanging trees.

  Grace pointedly ignored Buriy’s first
condition.

  “ Broke?” she echoed. “ How can that
be? You never—”

  “ Xo, I never was, before. But friend
father has turned off the spigot.”

  “ How mean!”

   “ Well, I don’t know exactly as to that,
either. He’s been a pretty good sport
with me. He has reasons. I’m really not
much of a credit to him now, am I?”

  “ Why, yes, I thought you were—er—
one of the most ornamental young gentle-
men in our fair city.”

  “ Gracie, please cut the comedy. This
42

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

is serious. I want some good, sound,
practical advice.”

  “Ha-ha!” giggled Miss Colchester.
“ In i'act, ha-ha twice. Excuse me, I
really have to laugh. Good, sound, prac-
tical advice. Well, let’s see. Go get a
job. How’s that?”

  “ That’s what father said. What kind
of a job, pray?”

  “ Oh-e-oh, I don’t know,” she consid-
ered. “ You really don’t know much
about anything, do you, Burly?”

  “ I’m not a civil engineer, or a journey-
man plumber, or an expert accountant—”
“ I have it,” cried Grace; “ be a
chauffeur. You know all about steering
wheels and differentials and stethoscopes
and the other parts of a car, and you’re
certainly a splendiferous driver.”

  “ Would you like to be a chauffeur’s
wife?” suddenly demanded Burly.

  “ What are you talking about?” Grace
blushed again, presumably from indigna-
tion.

  “You,” said Burly; then, as an ap-
parent afterthought, “ and me, of course.”
“ I’m afraid you’ll have to be running
along, Burly,” said Grace, rising.

  She went and rested a pink elbow on
the mantel above the fireplace and kicked
idly at one of the andirons. Then, care-
lessly, she looked at herself in the mirror
over the mantel, discovered an important
strand of hair that needed adjusting, and
to all intents and purposes forgot that
Burleson Jones existed.

  Burly arose.

  “ I’m sorry, Grace,” he said ruefully.
“ I’m afraid I’ve made rather a mess of—■
things—my life. I went to father for a
thousand, to pay a rather—er—pressing
bill—”

  “ You’ve been playing poker again,
Burly.”

  “ And he said no, just like that; and to
prove he meant it, stopped my allowance.
Then, coming up-town in the car, he
kidded me about you.”

  “ Burleson Jones, what right had you—■
had he, or any man, to mention my
name?”

  “ Oh, father didn’t mean any harm.
He likes you. He only asked me if I was
going to make you ‘ a workingman’s
bride.’ ”

  Burly smiled, a little maliciously, with
the natural impulse to vent his irritation
on some one.

  “ Really, Burleson, I must ask you not
to detain me any longer,” insisted Grace
icily. “ I have to dress for mother’s
dinner.”

  “ Is your mother giving a dinner to-
night? Who’s coming?”

  “ It’s not in the least your business;
but, since you allow your curiosity to
get the better of your manners, the Morris
Pawsons are coming, and Reggie Van Am-
brose—”

  “ Ouch!” exclaimed Burly.

  “ And Mr. and Mrs. Crather, and last,
but by no means least—”

  Grace paused, and looked at Burleson
out of the corner of one eye.

  “ Well,” he demanded impatiently,
“ who?”

  “ Mr. Harrison Grady.”

  “ Gee! Roo! Sa-lem! That’s a choice
collection. Wouldn’t that tickle father?
And I said he liked you!”

  “ Why, what do you mean?”

  “ Pawson and Crather are in a pool
that’s been trying to beat father out of
control of the System; he’s had an awful
fight, and they’ve tried every crooked
stunt known to finance, I guess. By
George, Grace, this looks to me like some
of that man Grady’s work. He’s one of
their brokers, and—”

  “ Do you think it good taste to speak
in that way about my mother’s guests,
Burleson Jones? My goodness, since
when have you been appointed social
arbiter for this part of New York? Har-
rison Grady is a splendid fellow, and—”

  “ How long have you known this Van
Ambrose atom? ” suddenly cried Burly.

  “You can’t cross-question me any
longer,” snapped Grace indignantly.
“ And I won’t allow you to vilify
mother’s friends and mine. So, if you
please, and in deference to the amount
THE STEP-LIVELIES.

43

of time I simply must have to dress for
dinner, here’s your hat, Mr. Jones, what’s
your hurry!”

   “ Good night, Gracie dear,” said Burle-
son sweetly. “ So you don’t want to be
a workingman’s bride.”

  “ Not to-night, thank you. Scat!”

  Following this effectual, if not very
sentimental leave-taking, Burleson Jones
dropped into his club. He was really in
a mighty uncomfortable and embarrassing
situation. He felt small and mean and
-caddish, especially in view of his outburst
at the mention of Mr. Harrison Grady.

  Harrison Grady was a newcomer, com-
paratively, in the circles where Burleson
Jones now frequently encountered him.
He had good looks, and ease of manner,
a certain gallantry of bearing which went
beautifully with the ladies, and a fine,
sincere, hearty way among men. In the
Street he was beginning to be known as
having developed some valuable connec-
tions. True, the dealings of the Pawson-
Crather crowd w7ere viewed a little ques-
tioningly; but no one denied their grow-
ing, if sinister influence, and Harrison
Grady seemed to be just now very much
in their good graces.

  Gradually Grady had insinuated him-
selfthere and there, turning up at some
surprisingly smart affairs, tucking his
knees under an occasional dinner-table of
more than ordinary exclusiveness. A good
many people frankly liked him; and the
worst Burleson Jones had heard said of
him, as yet, was that he was “ pretty
smooth.”

  Burleson was not in the least sorry,
however, for the manner in which he had
spoken of Reginald Van Ambrose.

  You couldn’t account for Van Ambrose
at all. He came to New York occasion-
ally, some people said from Albany, others
thought from Buffalo. Nobody was quite
sure. His manners were unexceptionable;
he ate with his fork, didn’t get out of step,
smiled at about the right moment, nodded,
said “ How interesting!” in a slim, lacka-
daisical voice, and made no particular
impression.

  On his visits to New York Harrison
Grady became his sponsor, put him up at
a club, and obtained for him invitations
to dinners or dances, where he was always
unobtrusive, rather silent, and—Burleson
Jones observed—exceedingly alert. In
spite of his almost effeminately depreca-
tory manner, Jones couldn’t help noticing
that he possessed a pair of eyes as beady
as a ferret’s.

  At the club to-night almost the first
persons Burly ran across were Grady and
Van Ambrose.

  “ Hello, Burly,” was Grady’s greeting.
Burleson wished himself in a position to
resent the man’s easy familiarity. “ You
know Van Ambrose, don’t you? Mr.
Jones, Mr. Van Ambrose.”

  “ I believe we’ve met,” said Burleson.
“ Glad to renew the acquaintance. Will
you pardon me just a moment, Mr. Van
Ambrose, if I speak a word with Mr.
Grady?”

  Van Ambrose politely concurring, Burly
led the other man into a corner of the
lounge.

  “ Grady,” he said, feeling the color rise
in his face, “ I’m awfully sorry, but—
something has happened, and I can’t—
can’t pay you that thousand to-night, as
I promised.”

  “ Why, my dear fellow,” Grady re-
assured him genially, “ that’s all right.
I understand. Of course, I’m sorry my-
self, because I’d rather relied on it; but

I	daresay I can do without it, even at
some inconvenience to myself. Dear me,
though, it’s going to be very embarrassing
—well, never mind, old chap. Don’t
trouble—”

The man stopped, looked off into
vacancy, and whistled a thin strain ab-
sently, as if pondering some problem.
The effect of this polite regret was clev-
erly calculated to put Burly Jones in
wrong. If Grady had snarled or bullied,
Jones, in his state of mind at that mo-
ment, would have cheerfully recommended
Grady to a warmer climate; but this
suave, martyrlike assurance that it was all
right, even at the expense of Grady’s own
44

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

embarrassment, drove Burly to despera-
tion. He didn’t like Grady; he wished
he had never allowed himself to play cards
with him. But if the fellow was really
trying to be decent—

   “ You see,” he began lamely, “ I tried
to—tried—”

  “ I’ll tell you,” suddenly broke in
Grady. “ I’ll tell you the name of a chap
who would fix you up. Rum sort of a devil,
of course. I’ve never done business with
him; he’d charge you a bit stiff, no doubt,
for the accommodation, but he’s a pretty
safe bet. If you really want to help me
out of a deuce of a hole, you can, you
know.

  “ Here’s the bounder’s name. And
l;sten, old man, if you don’t mind, after
you’ve seen him just put the oof in an
envelope and leave it here at the desk for
me. How’s that? Good. Hope you’ll
excuse us; we’re just starting for Mrs.
Colchester’s—dinner, you know. Charm-
ing people, what? Miss Grace is delight-
ful, don’t you think? Decidedly. ’Night,
old man.”

   He thrust a penciled slip into Buriy’s
hands and took himself off with Van Am-
brose to a waiting taxicab.

   Burly looked at the slip. It read:

  “ Thaddeus Q. Skanks, attorney, No.
782 Franklin Street. Telephone, Frank-
lin 080.”

   Burly looked thoughtfully at the slip.

  “ Skanks,” he murmured. “ Skanks.
Devil of a name—doesn’t sound good to
me. Funny Grady should carry all that
in his head. After seven o’clock, too.
Wonder if the old shyster would be in
now—Grady seems to know. Funny;
guess I’ll try the phone.”

  Burly went into the teiephone-room
and gave the operator the Skanks number.

  “ Line’s busy, Mr. Jones,” the boy
reported.

   “ So he is in,” thought Burly.

   But he didn’t know that the reason the
attorney’s line was busy was that Mr.
Harrison Grady, in a drug-store telephone
booth, was saying to Mr. Thaddeus
Skanks something like this:

  “ Hello, Skanks? Grady speaking.
Got a good one for you to-day; yes, fat
and juicy. You’ll hear from him any
minute. Now, Skanksy, you old snide, I
want you to trim him up good and plenty.
He’s a rare one; and, Skanksy, while
you’re about it, give him one good wallop
for me. ’At a boy! Sure; name’s Jones.
See you in a couple of days and settle
up. Good night.”

CHAPTER II.

BURLY GRABS A JOB.

A KNOCK came upon the office door
of Thaddeus Q. Skanks. To be
sure, it was after business hours;
but the ordinary limits of the commercial
day meant nothing to Skanks. In fact,
most of his affairs were conducted when
honest men’s doors were locked.

  Skanks was a lawyer, a dingy, un-
brushed little man with dandruff on his
collar and the lust of other people’s
wealth in his eye. This eye, of which the
mate had by some mischance long ago lost
its luster and its usefulness, was small,
watery blue, and rimmed with lids con-
stantly irritated by peering through a bad
light into affairs that would bear no
stronger illumination. The eye looked
forth furtively from a leathery face,
beardless, and wrinkled with much pon-
dering upon dubious matters.

   This man handled, with tricky adroit-
ness, the legal business of those most
frequently in need of his services, under-
world unfortunates, forced willy-nilly to
pay substantially and in advance.

  Skanks was like any other beast you
can think of which lurks and strikes from
ambush. He always skulked. In his
practise he won cases “ at the bench ”
rather than “ at the bar,” which means
that he “ knew ” the judges and valued
the whispered word more than the most
impassioned flights of oratory.

   Of him a client said:

  “ That guy is so sneaky he wouldn’t
even go man-fashion at a piece of pie in
THE STEP-LIVELIES.

45

a restaurant. He’d hide his knife and
fork in his hip-pocket and creep up on
that helpless pie, easy and soft, and then
—pounce!”

  So, for many years, this advocate had
been known in the underworld as
“ Panther ” Skanks. And such was the
engaging personality encountered by
Burly Jones upon opening the Skanksian
door.

  The lawyer looked up and observed his
visitor, a large, wholesome young man
with an outdoor face, good-natured
brown eyes, and a square jaw.

  “ Well, sir, ” he whined in a voice
seemingly compounded of grievance and
influenza, “ what can I do for you?”

  “ I’m Mr. Jones,” said Burly, “ whom
Mr. Grady telephoned you about.”

  Now, Burly did not actually know that
Grady had telephoned Skanks; but on
his way down-town in the subway he had
been thinking hard. He was nobody’s
fool. He disliked and distrusted Grady
in spite of the latter’s conciliatory atti-
tude.

  “ Jones?” queried the lawyer.

  “ I know it’s an uncommon name,”
said Burly, “ but in some circles, and with
suitable attachments, it gets by. Jones is
right, Mr. Skanks, though it may seem
odd to you. And as I said, I’m the Mr.
Jones your friend Grady said he’d send.”

  “Mr. Grady?”

  “ Yes, Harrison Grady. Why the coy
reserve, Mr. Skanks? I’m here to be
skinned; why waste time? I’m prompt,
ycru see. How long ago was it you heard
from Grady? Half an hour?”

  “ About,” answered Skanks. “ He
didn’t state the nature of your business
with me, however.”

  The man fumbled nervously among the
littered papers on his cramped little desk.
The single eye hardly ever met Buriy’s
look.

  “ Money,” announced Mr. Jones.

  “ What money?”

  “ A loan. You lend money, don’t
you?”

  “ Very seldom, Mr. Jones, very sel-

dom. I hardly see why Mr. Grady should
send you to me. He knows I’ve very little
money on hand, especially at this time of
night.”

  “ Oh, he knows that, does he? Then
why did he send me to you?”

  “ I have occasionally accommodated
him—that is, some of his friends. But—”
“ Let’s not waste time,” cut in Burle-
son. “ I’ve got to have a thousand dollars
to-night. Grady knew you could fix me
up; said so. He’d hardly send me down
here on a wild-goose chase.”

  “ I haven’t got a thousand dollars—
in the office.” Skanks looked up ob-
liquely, then back again at the confusion
of documents.”

  “ Good,” said Burly. “ If you haven’t,
all right. I’ll try somewhere else. I’ll
be going along—”

  “ But,” went on the lawyer, “ it’s just
possible that I might get it for you, if
you’re not too impatient. It might cost
you quite a lot, though.”

  “ How much?” snapped Burly.

  “ Easy, easy,” whined Skanks. “ Sit
down, Mr. Jones, and we will talk this
thing over. Now, what security would
you be prepared to offer?”

  “ Hadn’t thought of any. My credit
is pretty good, I suppose.”

  “ It wouldn’t be possible, Mr. Jones,”
went on Skanks, “ for you to raise a
thousand dollars on such short notice
without some satisfactory security. It
wouldn’t be business.”

  “ But I could go to any shop in town
and buy twice that amount of merchan-
dise, and no questions would be asked.”
“ It happens to be my business to ask
questions, Mr. Jones. Why doesn’t your
father let you have this money?”

  Burly opened his mouth to speak, and
closed it again.

  “ You don’t have to answer if you
don’t wish to,” Skanks assured him.
“ But, of course, you would get it from
him if you could. You can’t, so you
come to me. And you need it very
badly.”

   “ Like the devil! ”
46	ALL-STC RY WEEKLY.

  “ Exactly; and so, probably, you will
have to pay like the devil for it, and give
security, too.”

  “ How much would I have to pay,
then?”

  “ I should say, roughly speaking, that
under the circumstances, in order to get
a thousand dollars, you would have to
agree to pay back two, and give some as-
surance that the payment would be made
punctually.”

  “Ouch!” remarked Burly. “That’s
high finance with a vengeance.”

  “ WTith a vengeance,” the lawyer re-
peated, and smiled for the first time.

  “ The vengeance seems to be the prin-
cipal part of the transaction,” observed
Burly. “ One thousand dollars per venge,
eh? And this security? What would—”
“ That is not so difficult as you sup-
pose, perhaps,” said Skanks. “ A check
might do, dated ahead, say one month.”
“ I see,” admitted Burly.

  “ For two thousand dollars; and bear-
ing a suitable—er—signature.”

  “ For instance?”

  “ Why—er—your father’s would do
nicely.”

  “ But you know I wouldn’t be here if.
I could get my father’s name on a check
for a thousand.”

  The lawyer said nothing, but continued
to fiddle with the scattered papers.

  Burly fidgeted.

  “ That’s absurd.” he blurted. “ Of all
the damn-fool propositions! I might have
saved my time—it’s so valuable!”

  “ Sorry, Mr. Jones,” whined Skanks.
“ But you couldn’t expect me to risk my
—my friend’s money without proper se-
curity. Now, a check signed by—that is
■—bearing your father’s name, and dated
June 22, would probably be ample—”

  He got just that far before the signifi-
cance of what he was saying dawned upon
Burleson Jones.

  “ Why, what the devil,” cried the lat-
ter, “ are you talking about? You—
you—”

  He seemed to choke almost. Then he
reached for his hat.

  “ All the dirty names that a fellow
could call you,” he said quietly, “ have
doubtless been applied long ago. I could
not think of any fresh ones; there would
be no entertainment for you in hearing
me curse you out because it would lack
novelty.

  “ I think I’d better tell your friend and
client, Mr. Harrison Grady, to come down
here and borrow that thousand himself.
1 wonder whose name you’d ask him to
forge in order to get it? ”

  Burly went out quickly, slamming the
door behind him.

  Skanks’s office was in an old building,
two flights up, and there was no elevator.
If there had been, it would not have been
running at eight in the evening. Burly
Jones clattered hastily down the badly
lighted stairs, and when he reached the
street he stood a minute and breathed
deeply of the night air. Then he trotted
briskly off in search of a subway station.

  Burly left the subway at Grand Cen-
tral and returned to his club, where he
had something to eat. It was now about
nine o’clock. He wondered if it wouldn’t
be a good idea to call up the house and
talk to his father about the dinner at
Colchester’s.

  To Grace he had defended Jonas, but
just now he was feeling rather resentful.
Burly knew little about the pinch of pov-
erty, and to find himself reduced to a few
small bank-notes, with no prospects of
any accretion to their number or size,
was a sensation for which he had scant
relish.

  He decided neither to call up his father
nor to go home. He was uneasy, distrait.
Something was in the air, something de-
pressing. This Burly laid at the door of
his financial difficulty.

  He got his hat and walked out into
Forty-Fourth Street. Buriy’s club was
but a few steps from Fifth Avenue. To-
ward that discreetly advertised thorough-
fare he now strolled aimlessly, a prey to
his anxieties. Just as he turned the cor-
ner his depression gave place to a ripple
of curiosity.
THE STEP-LIVELIES.

47

  Across the avenue, upon the curb, a
little crowd had collected about a taxicab,
and Burly observed an altercation in
progress between a traffic officer and a
chauffeur.

  “ I’m tellin’ ye, ye nearly run into that
other cair, me bye, and it’s in no condi-
tion ye are to be dhrivin’. So I’ll be
afther runnin’ ye in, d’ye mind.”

  “ But, offsher,” protested the chauffeur,
“’s all wrong, I shay. I’m very careful
driver, abshlutely. Lemme tell you some-
’n’, offsher; I got medalsh for careful
op’rashion of taxicabsh all over th’ worl’,
I have. B’shides, got very important
’ngagemensh ten-thirty, number shix fif’
seven Fifty-Seventh Shtreet. Very ’m-
portant; mushn’t mish it, shee?”

  “ Will you be quiet now, Bill?” ad-
jured the officer. “ I got enough of your
lip. You tell your troubles to the lieu-
tenant, me man.”

  At this moment, with rattle and clang,
a patrol-wagon slid alongside the curb,
the inebriate was bundled in, and the
wagon made off again. Whereupon, the
knot of people, the excitement over, dis-
persed.

  “ Mike,” called a well-modulated voice
from the curb.

  The traffic officer, back at his post by
the little semaphore, looked up.

  “Is it you, Mr. Jones? An"’ how are
you to-night?”

  Burly stepped off the curb and ad-
vanced.

  “ Mike, what are you going to do with
that cab?”

   “ Sure, it ’11 stay there till the cab com-
pany sinds a man to bring it back to the
gayridge.”

  “ I’ve nothing to do; why don’t I take
it back?”

  “ And phwy don’t you, thin? Because
I’ll not leave you, that’s why.”

  “ But, Mike, you know I’m compe-
tent—”

  “ Gwan wid ye. Don’t dare to lay a
hand on that buggy, mind, while I’m look-
in’. Of course if it was took from behind
me back I’d never know who done it.

’Tis a fine night, Mr. Jones, wid stars,
is it not? Sure, spring has— Now,
where did that divvle go to, I dunno?”
He gazed steadfastly westward, with
an emphasized interest in a big changing
sign over on Broadway. The roaring of
an engine and grinding of gears seemed
to have no significance for him. Pres-
ently he looked around; the taxi had dis-
appeared.

  “Saints be!” he chuckled. “’Tis
gone. Now probably the company’s after
sendin’ for it.”

  Ten minutes later Burly Jones steered
the cab into the big service station of the
Central Auto Transit Company.

   “ Here’s your old stuffed tiger,” he said.
“ Your driver’s in some lockup, full of
liquor and language. Where’s Eaton?”
“ In the office.”

  Eaton, night manager of the company,
looked up as Burly approached his desk.

  “ ’Lo, Jonesy,” he said. “ Want to hire
a touring-car? Got a nice one. Fine
night for one of those joy-rides—”

  “ Shut up, Eaton,” retorted Burly. “ I
brought back that cab from Forty-Fourth
Street and the avenue. Happened to be
handy when they pinched your man—”
“ Dirty bum,” grunted Eaton. “ Was
he very tight?”

  “ He was,” Burly assured him. “ He
was tighter than that.”

  “ They telephoned me about it from
the police station. I was going to send
our first available man. We’re short-
handed to-night. Much obliged, Jonesy.”
“ Welcome. Say, Eaton, give me a
job?”

  “ Sure; only keep sober and—now,
look here, young fellow, what are you
up to? Some devilment?”

  “ Not a bit. I’m broke. Have to have
a job, and driving a car’s the only thing
I know. Why don’t you give me this
chap’s place—for a while, anyhow. I’ll
begin to-night.”

  “ Go to it, boy. But, say, mind if I
put an item about it in the papers? ‘ Son
of Railway Magnate Jones Drives C. A.
48

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

T. Co. Cab.’ Great ad. The girls would
play the cabs like a lottery, trying to draw
the millionaire chauffeur.”

  “ Don’t talk rot, you damn fool! Give
me a badge and a coat and a cap, will
you? I’ve got an important engagement
up at Fifty-Seventh Street. I wouldn’t
miss the date your drunken driver made
for that cab on your life! ”

CHAPTER III.

BRYANT 6666?

OF all the matrons of Burly Jones’s
acquaintance, Mrs. Bryant Col-
chester, Grace Colchester’s moth-
er, was by far the most significant. Re-
putedly one of the richest widows in the
city, she added to the distinction of her
wealth the attractions of invulnerable
social position and personal fascination.

  Having hardly crossed the borders of
middle age, she was strikingly beautiful.
People said that, had it not been for a
reserve of manner which amounted almost
to coldness, she would have had many
suitors.

  Men found her charming, but distant,
unapproachable. Unlike her daughter
Grace, she was dark, inclined to sumptu-
ousness of figure, a trifle stately.

  “ Mother’s such a peach,” said Grace.
“ I don’t see how anybody can resist her.
I think she’s perfectly fascinating!”

  There was a side to Mrs. Colchester’s
character which, to a degree, explained
to the few who were aware of its existence
her aloofness, or, if you like, her some-
what studied coldness.

  She was shrewd in a business way. If
she had started in life poor, she would
have ended well-to-do, for she possessed
to a degree unusual for her sex the busi-
ness instinct. The great fortunes left to
her daughter and to herself by Bryant
Colchester she had managed with excel-
lent judgment.

  Grace Colchester did not have a very
good time at her mother’s dinner. Al-
though she had defended the guests

against Burleson Jones’s somewhat irri-
table criticism, he would have been
pleased indeed had he been aware that
Grace’s opinion of both Harrison Grady
and the Van Ambrose “ Atom ” (of
Albany or Buffalo or Battle Creek) coin-
cided with his own.

  She surveyed the stodgy Mr. Pawson,
across the table from her, with hardly
concealed contempt. He weighed two
hundred and breathed heavily while he
ate. Mr. Crather, too, though a sad little
man, was diligent in his business.

  “ He makes me think of a soldier,”
thought Grace, “ on a European battle-
field, trying to 4 dig himself in.’ ”

  Then there were Mrs. Pawson and
Mrs. Crather; they were simply “ among
those present.” One scarcely noticed
them; but what one could not escape was
the profusion of gems, mostly diamonds,
with which they were decorated. Each
wore enough to make a respectable show-
ing in a Fifth Avenue jeweler’s window.

  Grace glanced at Harrison Grady, sit-
ting at her right at the round, flower-
banked table. Grady was, superficially
at least, a pleasing figure, and certainly
shone in contrast with any of the other
three men present.

  He was the hale and hearty type of
full-blooded young Irishman, a trifle
florid, clean-cut, blue-eyed, genial. When
he spoke or laughed he showed fascina-
tingly white teeth beneath a crisp little
military mustache. He looked cared-for,
but not overvaleted. Always he was the
polished gentleman, never at a loss, apt
in conversation, dry, suave, gallant. His
voice, deeply pitched, was well modulated,
resonant, distinct. He said things with
expression, affecting that little trick of
the English whose inflection often tells
as much as words.

  But to Grace the dinner was an unut-
terable bore. Something-—often called
intuition, but perhaps more accurately
designated as common sense—made her
distrust and dislike Grady, despite his
manners.

  Van Ambrose, the Atom, she could not
THE STEP-LIVELIES,

49

endure. Mr. Pawson and Mr. Crather
were vulgar and their wives dull. Grace
dutifully made the best of an uncomforta-
ble and, seemingly, a needless situation,
and prayed for fortitude to live through
the ordeal.

  At last, when Miss Colchester began
to think her nerves would prove unequal
to further strain, her mother arose.

  “ Perhaps,” the hostess said smoothly,
“ the gentlemen would like to smoke in
the room Mr. Colchester used to call his
office. Mr. Grady, you know the way,
I will send in the coffee—”

   “ But you’re going to join us, ain’t you,
Mrs. Colchester?” asked the corpulent
Pawson in a voice which, if intended to
be polite, sounded more like a demand.

  “ Oh, of course,” replied his hostess.
“ I haven’t forgotten that there are—<
some things to talk over. I’ll be with
you presently.”

  This significant exchange affected
Grace Colchester like a stimulant. So,
after all, there was to be a business
meeting. It wasn’t like her mother—■
and yet, on second thought, it might not
be so unlike her. Mrs. Colchester was
a very independent woman.

  Why Pawson and Crather, though?
What was it Burly Jones had said about
them, earlier that same evening? They
were in some sort of pool to do some-
thing or other to his father? Very like-
ly this meeting had something to do
with that.

  Therefore, when Mrs. Colchester ex-
cused herself and disappeared, Grace
knew she had joined Pawson, Crather,
and Grady, and that the business meet-
ing was in progress. She spent an un-
comfortable time with the uninteresting
and overfed Mesdames Pawson and Cra-
ther and the equally uninspiring Van
Ambrose.

  The clock had struck ten when, after
what seemed an interminable wait, Grace
heard the door of her father’s old
“ office ” open, and her mother, with the
three men, came along the hall.

  There followed fifteen minutes of po-

     4	A-s

lite conversation, the burden of which
was that Mrs. Colchester regretted very
much that she had been obliged to ab-
sent herself for so long, but she was sure
they would understand the reason.

  Of the subject of the meeting, Grace
gathered next to nothing definite, ex-
cept when Pawson took his wheezy leave,
he exploded in what was meant for a
confidential tone, to her mother.

  “ So a hundred ’n’ twelve’s the very
lowest you’ll take? Well, we’ll see, Mrs.
Colchester, we’ll see. I’m goin’ to tele-
phone you by midnight, maybe before.
Good night, ma’am, a very pleasant eve-
nin’.”

  Along with the Pawsons and Crathers,
Harrison Grady and his friend, the
Atom, took their polite departure.
Grady bent over Miss Grace’s hand with
something approaching tenderness.

  “Ah, Miss Grace,” he breathed, “ if I
could only have had more of this evening
with you. How different it would have
been; and, I fancy, it might even have
been a bit more interesting for you, eh?”
“ You flatter yourself, Mr. Grady,”
returned Miss Colchester, but with a re-

     7	v

assuring trace of irony in her tone. “ Per-
haps if you were to extend your call,
now that business matters are settled,
why—er—I’m simply burning with cu-
riosity. That would be interesting. I
should make you tell me everything.”

  “ My dear young lady,” he rejoined,
“ matters of great moment, great mo-
ment; and, no less, of great secrecy.”

  “ Mother is a good business man,” she
said. “ You will not find her stupid.”

  “ Indeed, no,” Grady agreed. “ Be
sure she can take very good care of her-
self. May I call again, soon, Miss
Grace? And—Mrs. Colchester, a de-
lightful evening; I trust, also, a profit-
able one for you, dear lady. Good night
to you, a very good night.”

  The big doors closed behind the de-
parting guests.

  “ Mother,” cried Grace, “ it’s none of
my business, but what possessed you to
have that crowd here to-night?”
50

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ Grace,” replied her mother, with a
note in her voice which she intended for
kindness, but which to Grace seemed
condescension, “ I’m in a very peculiar
position. Fortunately, or unfortunately,
I find myself with a taste for this kind
of thing. Of course, a widow who has
money is proverbially the victim of all
sorts of unscrupulous people. It pleases
me, I don’t know why, to meet the
schemers and analyze their plans and to
prove to my own satisfaction that I am
a match for them. This dinner to-night
was brought about by Mr. Grady. He
seems to me genuinely straightforward
and honest; and I’m sure, too, he is most
friendly to—us.

  “ The facts,” she went on, “ are these,
dear. We are very large holders of a
certain railroad stock which has become
lately what financial people call a ‘ spec-
ulative ’ stock. I don’t like that; be-
cause, half of all the money I handle is
yours. So I have been a good deal wor-
ried, feeling that perhaps it would be
well if I got rid of it and bought in its
place something more stable. I men-
tioned the matter to Mr. Grady, who has
been very nice about it. He told me
the people in Wall Street who would be
most interested would be Mr. Pawson
and Mr. Crather. So that explains our
little dinner. It wasn’t a social affair at
all.”

  “ Mother! That’s just what made me
—curious; and, I must confess, a .little
surprised. It hardly seems in good taste
to—mix business affairs with—well, to
have such things brought into one’s
home. And as for Harrison Grady, I
think he’s odious. I wouldn’t trust him
out of my sight.”

  “ Grace! I’m surprised to hear you
speak so about any one. Some day, I
dare say, you’ll think differently.”

  “ What’s the name of the stock?”
asked Grace innocently.

  “ I don’t know that it matters, Grace,”
said her mother, a little loftily. “ Why
burden you, child, with details that
would hardly mean anything to you?”

   “ Oh,” said Grace; then, a little stiffly.
“ Forgive my curiosity, mother. I guess
I’ll go to my downy. How about you?”
“ Not just yet, dear.”

  Grace went thoughtfully to her room,
where she immediately made ready for
bed. Then, at an impulse, she put on a
negligee, and inspected all the doors,
peered into the hall, made sure her maid
had gone and—picking up her own gold
and enamel telephone, called softly:

  “ Hello? Operator? Give me Bryant
6666, please.”

CHAPTER IV.

OVERHEARD.

MR. HARRISON GRADY and Mr.
Reginald Van Ambrose descended
the steps of the Colchester resi-
dence in company with the Pawsons and
Crathers. Two big limousines stood at
the curb, and the younger men hovered
about with polite if puttering solicitude,
while Pawson established Mrs. Crather
and his own wife in one of them.

  “ Now, Charlie,” he said to his chauf-
feur, “ you take Mrs. Crather home first,
then Mrs. Pawson. After that, you stick
around the garage. I may need you any
time; be ready to jump when I tele-
phone. Don’t get caught nappin’, now,
Charlie; I may not want you, but if I
do it ’11 be bad and quick. Good night,
Mrs. Crather. Now, Crather, you and
I’ll round up those fellows. Your man
knows where to go? All right.”

  Pawson then turned to Grady.

  “ Young man, you’ve got your orders;
twelve o’clock, sharp—or a little before
that, at my house. Then we’ll see what
next; maybe nothing, maybe a whole lot.
Be on hand. Now, Crather, let her go;
and step lively! ”

  The great cars swerved toward the
middle of the street and presently their
tail-lights swung the corner and disap-
peared into Fifth Avenue.

  “ Those rich guys give me a pain,” re-
marked the Atom.
THE STEP-LIVELIES.

51

  “ No doubt,” commented Grady. “ Get
a move on, Teddo. We’ve got business.”
Just ahead of the recent location of
the limousines stood a taxi.

  “ Sure it’s the one? ” queried Van Am-
brose.

  “ Yes; X0372, that’s the number.”
Grady had dropped his easy mannef
of speech. The two came rapidly up to
the taxi and entered it.

“ That you, Joe?” demanded Grady.
The chauffeur nodded and grunted an
indistinct affirmative. He was muffled
in the turned-up collar of his coat; his
cap was well down over his face.

  “ What’s that? Say, Joe, you aren’t
drunk again, are you?”

  The man shook his head vigorously
and muttered:

  “ No, course not.”

  “ I didn’t know,” returned Grady, re-
assured. “ I was afraid you might be
back on the stuff again; if you were, it
would be one damn sad night for you.
Come now, beat it to the club. Go like
hell; we’re not taking any summer vaca-
tion, my boy.”

  The car swung rapidly out of Fifty-
Seventh Street and raced off down the
avenue.

  “ Now, Teddo,” began Grady, “ how
did you get along? Can you put it
over?”

  “ Sure we can, if ’joe’s all right. But
gee! I’d rather crack Pawson’s or Cra-
ther’s. Did you see the rocks on those
two dames? Holy Patrick!”

  “ Never mind those two to-night,”
warned Grady. “ Maybe I’ll have a
chance to let you in on ’em later. Say,
I wonder what Skanksy did to young
Jones.”

  “ You had your nerve to send that
guy to Skanks; I think Jones is a fly
one.”

  “ Trust Panther,” said Grady. “ He’s
trimmed lots of better ones than Burly
Jones. I’ve sent him five boobs already
this spring.”

  “ Jones is no boob; what’s your rake-
off?”

  “ That’s between Skanksy and me.
No doubt you’d like to be in on it; but,
Teddo, that isn’t your lay. You aren’t
built for that game. Your work’s too
coarse.”

  “ I guess I’ve been mingling in pretty
successfully lately,” protested the Atom.

  “As long as I keep you under my eye,
coach you, and you don’t load up with
booze and then talk, you do all right,
Teddo. You’ve got a good chance. You
must have cleaned up seven or eight
thou’ so far-—Mrs. Grandly’s necklace,
and the Atwater ruby—”

  “Aw, shut up, Harry,” cried Van Am-
brose. “ You make me nervous. How
long is the grift going to pan out? How
soon do I lay off this Raffles game and
make my little get-away? And if I
should let my foot slip, can Skanksy
turn a trick, or do I go up for a stretch?
I tell you, Harry, those questions are
making me lose sleep. It’s a case of
heads you win, tails I lose, unless I clean
up and beat it before long. I’m nerv-
ous.”

  “ You’re a damn fool,” retorted
Grady. “ You don’t want to quit just
when the going is getting easy. Maybe
to-night will turn you in something good
—anyway, you can’t lose.”

  “ Not unless we get pinched; but these
swell cribs get my goat, Harry. They
have too many modern improvements,
and about a million servants.”

  “ You need a drink, boy,” said Grady.
“ Here’s the club. Come in and I’ll see
if our friend Jonesy left me that money;
if he didn’t I’ll have his hide. And, by
the same token, if he did, Skanksy ’11
have it. So I’ve got that bird, going and
coming.”

  Grady, standing on the curb, turned
to the chauffeur.

    Joe, Teddo’s losing his goat. He’s
been sizing up the Colchester premises,
but he saw a couple of car-loads of ice
on two of the dinner guests, and the glare
has made him nervous.

  “ I wish he had your nerve, Joe, minus
your appetite for booze. Now, this may
52

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

be a hard night for all of us. Mind you
keep straight; and be back here in an
hour, sure. Get me?”

  “ U-huh,” grunted the driver.

  The electric light in front of the club
threw a strong shadow, and this, com-
bined with a turtlelike drawing-in of his
chin and 'the concealment afforded by
his visor, afforded a fortuitous protec-
tion. Burly felt a strong impulse to
lean over and startle Grady by the
abrupt disclosure of his identity, but
withstood it, and with another grunt of
assent, moved away from that perilous
vicinity.

  Grady turned and trotted up the steps
into the club. He found Van Ambrose
sunk as far as he could get into the
depths of a big leather chair. In the
Atom’s attitude there was despondency
and a brooding dread.

  “ Buck up, Teddo,” said Grady cheer-
fully, “ the worst is yet to come.”

  “ That’s no joke,” agreed Van Am-
brose.

  “ Say, for Mike’s sake, man, get onto
yourself. This is no time to get weak-
kneed. Where’s your nerve?”

  “ Something tells me we’re in bad.”

  “ Damn you, Teddo,” cried Grady in
a rush of impatience, “ you make me
sick. Do you think I’m going to let you
welsh at this stage of the game? Not by
a long shot. Think of what it means to
me, and to you, too. I’ve worked too
hard to pull this thing off to let a little
difficulty discourage me. This is the
grand play of my life; it means, if I
win, I quit card playing and all that
small-time stuff. I’ve made a start, I’m
getting in right, and I’ve given you
chances—you and Joe.

  “ Now, have a drink and pull your-
self together. You’re going to play this
game out with me whether you like it or
not. I play the tune and you dance,
d’ you get me, you little two-by-four
shrimp? If you crawfish, it ’11 be good
night for you, no matter what happens
to me. Skanks ’11 attend to that, my
boy. Now then, Mr. Teddo the tailor,

alias Reggie Van Ambrose, once for all,
do you stick, or do you weaken?”

  “ I stick,” said the Atom. “ I—I
never said I wouldn’t, Harry, you know
that; now did I?”

  “ You came damn close to it, Teddo.
Now let’s go and see what’s doing at the
desk.”

  “ No, Mr. Grady,” the clerk gave in-
formation for inquiry, “ Mr. Jones hasn’t
left anything for you. But there was a
telephone call a short time ago; in your
box, Mr. Grady, yes, sir.”

  Grady took the white notification slip
from his letter box. The number given
was not a familiar one.

  “ Wait for me in the lounge, Teddo,”
he said, and hurried off to the telephone-
room. Returning shortly, he made his
beady-eyed intimate jump with alarm
when he said:

  “ That call was from the police sta-
tion.”

  “ The—devil you say.”

  “ Joe Kenney’s locked up.”

  “No! You don’t think—”

  “ Good Lord, Teddo, don’t be such a
fool. You act like a woodchuck—if you
had a hole in the ground you’d crawl
into it.”

  “ I’d do just that little thing,” groaned
the Atom.

  “ They pulled Joe for operating an au-
tomobile while drunk. I wonder what I
said to that driver, now. I made some
kind of fool talk, thinking it was Joe.
Oh, well, he wouldn’t know—”

  “ Wouldn’t you have thought Joe ’d
stay sober, Harry, this night of all nights?
Gee; things don’t look good to me!”

  “ Teddo, you never know what a
booze-fighter will do. I always hated to
trust Joe, just on that account.”

  “ What are you going to do?”

  “ I’ve called a taxi. We’ll go around
to the station house and see. Probably
we.’ll have to get hold of Skanks.”

  “ I’m not crazy about that police-sta-
tion stuff,” began Teddo.

  “ Oh, shut up. You needn’t go in; sit
outside in the cab if you like.”
THE STEP-LIVELIES.

53

  “ Cab waiting, Mr. Grady,” called the
doorman.

  Burly Jones, when Grady, unconscious
of his conversational blunders, entered
the Babylon Club, drove off in a con-
siderably puzzled frame of mind. Some
of Grady’s phrases stuck in his head.
“ Teddo ” — who was Teddo? “Sizing
up the Colchester premises ”—“ losing
his goat ”—“ ice ”—Burly knew that in
some circles diamonds were called ice.
Dinner guests with ice. That must re-
fer to the guests where Grady and Van
Ambrose had been. Who, then, was this
Teddo who had been made nervous?
Who, but Reginald Van Ambrose?

 Joe; now, who was Joe? Plainly
enough, he was the drunken driver.

   Of the three, Joe’s the only one
who’s where he belongs,” thought Burle-
son.

  Then, prompted by what seemed in-
spiration, he laid a new course, and
after some twistings and turnings came
to a halt before the East Thirty-Seventh
Street police station.

  “ Did you have a drunk brought here
to-night around nine o’clock?” he asked
the lieutenant, “ charged with operating
an automobile while intoxicated?”

  “ We did not; where was he picked
up?”

  “ Forty-Fourth and Fifth Avenue.”

  “ He wouldn’t be brought here; they’d
have taken him to the East Fifty-First
Street station.”

  Burly renewed his inquiry at the sta-
tion thus indicated.

  “ Such a man was brought here; he’s
in a cell, sleepin’ it off. Name’s Joe
Kenney? Was you a friend of his, now?”
“ I heard he was in trouble,” answered
Burly evasively. “ I was wondering
whether — whether he would be looked
after, or—”

  “ He will,” the lieutenant assured him.
“ He began to sober up immediate when
we put him in a cell, and says would we
please call up the Babylon Club and
leave word for Mr.—let’s see—Brady—■

no, Grady, Harrison Grady, that Joe
Kenney was in trouble and would he
please come soon and do what he could
for him? It’s not ten minutes since this
same Mr. Grady called up and said he’d
be right over. He’s due here any min—”
“ Thanks,” cried Burly hastily,
“ that’s all I wanted to know.”

  He bolted for his taxi, spun the engine,
and had hardly got under way when
another car rolled up in front of the po-
lice station. Burly saw Grady and the
Atom inside, but they were too intent
upon their own errand to notice him.

  Just as he pulled away from the curb
he glanced over his shoulder and ob-
served a stooping, rather furtive figure
seemingly about to enter the police sta-
tion. Where had he seen—yes, it was
Panther Skanks.

  About this time it occurred to Burly
Jones that perhaps, after all, the more
generous thing for him to do was to drop
a hint to his father concerning the Col-
chester dinner. Jonas had always been
pretty decent to him, and was certainly
not to be blamed for a degree of impa-
tience regarding his son’s shiftlessness.
Burly felt very definitely a sense that
some of the events of the evening grave-
ly concerned the elder Jones. He drew
up near a drug store and called for his
home telephone number.

  After a two-minute wait, the operator
informed him the line was out of order.

  “ Out of order?” he repeated. “ Oh,
fire next door? Wires down, eh? Very
well, thank you.”

  His nickel came rattling into the “ re-
turn ” pocket. He decided to go in per-
son and tell his father what he had
learned, and swung his car back into
Fifth Avenue, heading up-town. On the
way up he would cut over through Fifty-
Seventh Street, past the Colchesters’.

  That phrase of Grady's, “ sizing up
the Colchester premises,” kept running
through his head. Besides, he loved
Grace so much it gave him a wistful sort
of pleasure merely to gaze up at the se-
verely aristocratic facade of her dwell-
54

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

ing; and he might, besides, see a light
in her window on the third floor.

  It was now about eleven o’clock. The
avenue was pretty well crowded with ve-
hicles at so busy a time in the long, New
York evening. Burly turned into Fifty-
Seventh Street and scooted hummingly
along, not too fast, on account of the
possibility of that light—

  Somebody was signaling from the
sidewalk. He checked the car, moved
in close to the curt), and leaned over to
catch his instructions from the lips of
his would-be fare. It was a woman,
young, blond, pretty, well cloaked in
some garment of a dark material, her
hair protected by a scarf which seemed
to have been put on hastily.

  “ Yes, lady,” he said, averting his face
and drawing his chin into his chauffeur’s
collar, at the same time pulling down the
peak of his cap. The lady drew open
the cab door.

  “ You may take me to—” She gave
him a very familiar address. “And
please, please go as fast as you can. I’m
in a dreadful hurry.”

  “ Yessum,” muttered Burly. In a
kind of daze he let his clutch engage,
too jerkily, for the car started with a
series of spasmodic, bucking impulses.
He reduced his gas, steadied his engine,
then stepped firmly upon the foot-throt-
tle and the car shot forward along the
shining asphalt.

CHAPTER V.

FIFTY-FIFTY.

MR. JONAS JONES sat in his up-
stairs study, working. Jones’s
business affairs were his chief in-
terest, and no hour was too late to give
them his attention. He frequently
worked until far into the night, and at
just this time, with his fight against
Pawson and Crather on his hands, he
found it necessary to put in extra time.

  So he doggedly bent his powerful mind
upon his problem.

  Jonas was a railroad man as well as a
financier, and he kept a practical eye
upon the operation of the big Greystone
System. His great fortune included many
other interests, but the System was his
pet. He heartily wished that Burleson
might go into the business of owning and
operating the System, but that young man
had as yet shown little ambition to be-
come a transportation magnate.

  If in any conduct or achievement of
Burleson’s the elder man could perceive
a sign of real stability, particularly under
the stressful circumstances which he
hoped his mandate had imposed, he se-
cretly intended to modify what he had
said, especially about putting Burleson at
work in some more or less responsible po-
sition in the System organization.

  But now his problem was to save the
System itself, and his entire fortune as
well; for he knew that should the Paw-
son-Crather fight be lost, it would dis-
lodge the keystone and let the whole
structure come crumbling about his ears.
And after the next forenoon the issue
would be decided. The stockholders’
meeting was fixed for ten o’clock in the
morning; the old board would be retained,
if Jones had his way; if he lost, new and
antagonistic directors and officers would
step in. That was what Pawson, Crather,
and their associates wanted.

  There came a discreet knock, and, at
Jonas’s assent, his butler, Whimson, en-
tered.

  “ There’s a young lady down-stairs—”
  “ A young lady? To see me?”

  “ She says so, sir, and she says it’s im-
portant. It is Miss Grace Colchester,
sir.”

  “ No! Why, Whimson, haven’t you
made a mistake?”

  “ No, sir; she distinctly said as ’ow she
wanted to see Mr. Jonas Jones; and when
I told her you might not want to be dis-
turbed, she said something about it’s
being likely, sir, you’d be much more dis-
turbed, sir, if you didn’t see her.”

  “ Oh, well, of course, if it’s that way,
Whimson, show her up. But— Oh,
THE STEP-LIVELIES.

55

Whimson! How about my lunch? I’m
hungry.”

  “ I think it’s almost ready, sir.”

  “ Bring enough for two, will you?”

   “ Yes, sir.”

  Jonas pushed back a pile of papers
upon which he had been working, arose,
and selected a chair from among the odd
assortment of furniture in the room.

  This study of Jonas’s was in the top
of his big house. In its equipment it
had nothing in common with that of the
rest of the establishment. This was
Jonas Jones’s very own room, where no-
body else entered except with his express
permission. The chairs were relics of less
prosperous days. The pictures were old-
fashioned, valueless except to Jonas.

  All the furniture was what you would
unhesitatingly call “ junk.” There was
no uniformity in wood or fashion. Some
shelves of plain, unpainted boards held a
disorderly assortment of dingy-looking
books—bound copies of census and crop
reports, a few law books, documents, and
rulings pertinent to railroads, reports of
Interstate Commerce Commission hear-
ings and proceedings, and a lot of trans-
lations of French novels and detective
stories.

  Chaos seemed to reign in that room.
Nothing was in order, and if Jonas had
caught any one trying to set things to
rights, murder would have been done.

  “ I can put my hand on anything I
want,” he would say.

  Whimson was privileged to bear mes-
sages to his door, and to bring him a
simple lunch at between eleven and
twelve. When its proprietor went out,
the room was locked and the key went
into his pocket. A small safe in one cor-
ner held such valuables as he wished
especially to safeguard. Every chair held
its burden of papers and documents.

  The magnate, having selected a seat for
his visitor, swept from it at one gesture
its lapful of miscellany. Then he dusted
it carefully with his pocket-handkerchief.

  Footsteps sounded outside.

  “ This way, miss,” directed Whimson.

  Miss Colchester entered a little hesi-
tantly.

  “ Why, Grace,” began Jonas, advancing
to meet her, “ this is—”

  “ An unexpected pleasure, Mr. Jones?
I guess it is; and a pretty unusual thing
to do. So I suppose you’re dreadfully
shocked.”

  “ Oh, I don’t know,” replied Jonas
smilingly. “ Maybe I don’t shock so
easy. Sit down, child.” He pushed for-
ward the carefully made-ready chair.
“ Now what’s on your mind?”

  “ What a nice—er—quaint room,” ob-
served Grace.

  “ I never thought much about that,”
he rejoined. “ It suits me first rate; I’m
out of everybody’s way here, and they’re
out of mine.”

  “ I came here to tell you something,”
began Grace.

  “ Or ask something; now which was it?
Nothing about that Burly of mine, I sup-
pose?”

  “ My goodness! What could I possibly
have to ask you about Burly?”

  “ How do I know till you’ve asked it?”
Jonas Jones’s eyes twinkled with good-
natured shrewdness.

  “ Well, I’m not going to ask it,” Grace
assured him. “ It’s a much more impor-
tant matter.”

  “ Now how could that be, my dear?”

  “ Please stop trying to tease me, Mr.
Jones. You’re wasting time and—money,
perhaps.”

  “ Never,” said Jones. “ I’m not given
to doing, either. Fire ahead, little girl.”
“ How much stock have mother and I
got in the Greystone System?”

  “ I thought you wanted to tell me
something, not ask questions.”

  “ Well, then, Mr. and Mrs. Pawson
and Mr. and Mrs. Crather dined at our
house to-night.”

  “ You get out!” exclaimed Jones.

  “ It’s the truth, Mr. Jones. And be-
sides, there were Mr. Harrison Grady—”
“ Huh?”

  “ And Mr. Reggie Van Ambrose.”

  “ Don’t know him.”
56

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ Probably not. He’s from Albany, or
Toledo, or Pittsfield, or somewhere.”

  “ Were you at dinner with this—er—
choice collection of—celebrities?”

  “ Of course.”

  “ What did they talk about, my dear?”
“ The weather, and the wine, and the
fillet, and the symptoms of appendicitis.”
“ That’s all?”

  “ Substantially. How much stock do
we own, Mr. Jones?”

  “ Are you of age, Grace? You’re only
about twenty, are you? Your mother is
your legal guardian and in charge of your
affairs. How do I know she’d want me
to give you this information? I wonder
if she knows you came here — of course
not. It’s pretty mysterious, child. There’s
only one thing that would explain it par-
tially; your interest in Burly, plus some
idle curiosity. Haven’t you seen Burly
to-night?”

  “ No. This visit has nothing to do
with Burleson.”

  “ Huh! Why do you want this infor-
mation? Trying to find out how much
Burly and you’ll have to live on when
you’re married, if he doesn’t work?”

  “ Mr. Jones, do you want me to be
very, very much offended? I’ve never
had anybody say such outrageous things
to me.”

  “ Have a sandwich, my dear,” said
Jonas, Whimson entering with a tray at
this moment. “ There’s some marmalade,
too, and tea enough for the United States
army—two cups. You pour it, Grace.
Now, let’s have this thing plain. You
come here and ask a very pertinent—I
might say impertinent—question; in the
same breath you tell me that my dear
friends Pawson and Crather., to say noth-
ing of that scoundrel Grady—”

  “ Scoundrel, Mr. Jones, at my mother’s
table?”

  “ Just as much so there as in a Bowery
saloon. I know that young man, my
dear. The whole thing disturbs me.”

  “ I thought it would; I hoped it would,
in fact.”

  “ But why?”

  “ Because—well, I wanted to do you a
favor, if I could, without being disloyal
to mother. You’re Buriy’s father, and he
said you liked me—”

  “ I do, my child, I do. And when you
tell me what you have about Pawson and
Crather—”

  Jones looked at this blond and fluffy
creature with a new admiration. There
was something intensely dramatic in this
visit of a frivolous little trick like Grace
to a grizzled old man of business at such
an hour. What a wife she’d make for
Burly—clever as hell!

  “ Your mother controls,” he suddenly
said, “ about fifteen thousand five hun-
dred shares of Greystone common; of
course, part of that is yours. Your father
believed in my work and in me, and
bought at a time when his money was a
life-saver and the stock a marvelous in-
vestment. At its present quotation—”

  “ What is its present quotation, Mr.
Jones?”

  “ Closed to-day at ninety-six. It has
been much higher, but the Pawson-
Crather crowd has hammered and ham-
mered it, spreading all sorts of rumors—
Why, your mother said to me only last
week—”

  “ My mother?”

  “ Yes; came to see me about this very
thing. She’s heard all sorts of reports—
ugly things, mismanagement, stock-job-
bing, poor earnings, worn-out equipment
—she wanted to know what to do about
her stock. I reassured her, quite per-
suaded her, I thought, that she had been
misled. All the things she heard were
absolutely untrue. But this crew of pi-
rates have made an awful fight to oust
me; if they do, it will make me look like
thirty cents, besides breaking my heart.
I have all along hoped that Burly—”

  “ But about mother?” put in Grace.

  “ She was pretty skittish; wanted me
to buy her out. I saijl I would, at the
market. She said she couldn’t think of
selling at the market; that she had always
-considered the stock worth at least one
hundred and ten—which it was a month
THE STEP-LIVELIES.	57

or two ago. I said I wouldn’t give it;
advised her to hang on. I said I’d give
her a hundred* and six, though, but that
was the very highest.”

  “ Would you buy our stock now, Mr.
Jones?”

  “ Yes, at 106.”

  “ I’m sorry,” said Grace, rising. “ All
your explanation has been so clear; and
the supper was nice, too. I am prac-
tically certain mother won’t sell for that
price.”

  “ Well, then,” cried Jonas, jumping up
and laying a detaining hand on Grace’s
arm, “ what will she sell for?”

  “ Suppose I tell her you offer a hun-
dred and fifteen?”

  “ Oh, my child, that’s over a third of
a million above the market!”

  “ Wouldn’t it be worth it to save your
road?”

  “ Why, if I actually had to give that
much—

  “ Then why don’t you?”

  “ Are you sure your mother won’t sell
cheaper?”

  “I’m absolutely certain you can’t get
our stock for a penny less.”

  “ Then I understand your mother de-
mands 115 from me, because she can get
that much elsewhere—that is, she thinks
she can get it from, say, Pawson, Crather,
and their crowd?”

  “ Please, Mr. Jones, don’t be led astray
by what I say. Be your own judge of
what you should do. I tell you Grady
and those two odious men had a confer-
ence with mother. I couldn’t swear to
the subject of their discussion. It may
have been the price of silk dress goods in
Afghanistan. When the guests were ma-
king ready to leave I heard Mr. Pawson
make a somewhat indistinct remark to
mother, naming a price.

  “ Afterward I tried to find out more,
but mother said I was too young to un-
derstand such things. But if I wasn’t
mistaken, you can get the stock for 114.
I sha’n’t tell you another thing, because
I’ve got to show some decent loyalty—
and, then, suppose it all turns out wrong?

I’m ignorant, of course, just as she says—
I have no business interfering — only I
was so disturbed—and Burly said—”

  “ There, there, Grade; there, there,”
soothed Jonas, for his pretty guest was
weeping. “I’ll pay 115—”

  “ Oh, will you?” cried Grace, and
ceased her lamentations with almost sus-
picious suddenness. Then, quickly recall-
ing her lacrimose mood, she sobbed:
“ Woo-would you poo-put it in—in
wri-i-ting, M-Mr. J-Jones?”

  “ You bet,” agreed the millionaire.
“ Press that button for Whimson, will
you?”

  He wrote rapidly, then read the result
of his labor. Grace listened, her head
cocked on one side like that of a pert
and inquisitive sparrow.

  “ Is that a real legal paper?” she asked
innocently. “ I’m sure it sounds all right,
but I know so little about such things.
Would it be all right to put in, after
‘ from Mrs. Helena Colchester,’ ‘ or her
representative ’?”

  “ Oh, very well,” assented Jones, but
he looked at the girl shrewdly. She was
so demure, so altogether fluffy.

  “ Here, Whimson, witness my signa-
ture. There, child, run along home; I
think I’d best have Barnard take you in
the limousine.”

  “ Oh, no; I have a taxicab waiting. I’ll
be home in six minutes, and I’ll wake
mother up, and we’ll—no, we can’t.
That’s why I came, anyway.”

  “ Can’t what?”

  “ Use the telephone; your line is out
of order. Well, I promise to get word
to you somehow. Let’s see, I’ve got the
agreement and the blank proxy, haven’t
I? Good night, dear Mr. Jones. Thanks
so much.”

  Whimson showed the young lady to her
waiting equipage. When that dignitary
had shut the cab door and the engine was
purring smoothly over the shining asphalt,
she leaned forward and, thrusting her face
through the open front window, said
whimsically:

  “ Burly dear, I can’t see why you don’t
58	ALL-STORY

♦	r*

get along better with your father. He’s
awfully nice.”

  The chauffeur, his incognito thus vio-
lated, nearly ditched the machine.

  “ Good Heavens, Grace, I thought I’d
fooled you! You nearly startled me out
of my boots.”

  “ Did you think your disguise was so
perfect? Heavens, no! You ought to
try to look more intelligent; then even
your best friends might not be able to
recognize you.”

  “ Huh! I guess a mere child that goes
skyhooting around all alone in a taxicab
at midnight hasn’t so much on me for in-
telligence. What did you want to see
father for?”

  “ Oh, a little matter of business—let’s
see; about a million eight hundred and
sixty thousand dollars, I believe. Our
profit, thirty-one thousand dollars.”

  “ What do you mean, our profit?”

  “ Yours and mine, Burly dear. You
get half, because you told me something
this afternoon—you know, about Pawson
and Crather and Harrison Grady.”

  “ But I don’t understand, Grace. And
you’re not going to give me any fifteen
thousand dollars just because I’m
broke—”

  “ Mercy, Burly, aren't you sensitive?
Don’t tell me you’re a tipless taxi-driver;
because, you know, there isn’t any such
thing.”

CHAPTER VI.

             , *

TO THE RESCUE.

                                                      t

“ RACE,” said Burly seriously,
If ‘ “ you’ve got a lot of things to ex-
plain. Does your mother know
you’re out?”

  “ Heaven prevent! ”

  “You didn’t go to our house to see
me.”

  “ No. Earlier in the evening I wanted
to see you, and I tried your club and
then the house. But the telephone at
your house is out of commission. Then I
thought it all over, and it seemed best

WEEKLY.

to go right to your father. So I went
out and hailed you—”

  “Did you know it was I?”

  “ No. I only found that out when I
saw you crank the car just now in front
of your own home.”

  “ Have you any money to pay my
charges?”

  “ Mercy! I forgot my pocketbook.
Oh, well, when I get home—”

  “ That’s queer talk from one who deals
so flippantly in millions. And how about
the pin-money you picked up on the side
—that thirty-one thousand that you pro-
pose to divide with me? A very small
part of that will take care of my modest
taxi fare.”

  “ Oh, that is our profit.”

  “ On what?”

  “ On the stock I sold your father.”

  At this, Burly jammed down his clutch
pedal and drew up slowly by the curb.
Grace was sitting on one of the little extra
folding seats, so that she could readily
talk through the window in Buriy’s ear.

   “ Now,” said the latter, “ we’ll just stay
here and converse for a few minutes until
I get all this frenzied finance unfrenzied.
Please explain.”

  In a few sentences Grace made the sit-
uation clear to the young man.

  “ So,” she concluded, “ I went to your
father and got him to offer mother one
hundred and fifteen.”

  “ Great guns!”

  “ And if she accepts, she’s to sign a
proxy for him to vote her stock at to-
morrow’s meeting; and she can accept,
with the privilege of holding her stock if,
at the end of a month from the stock-
holders’ meeting, she wants to change her
mind.”

  “ But why didn’t you get him to offer
113? That’s a point higher than her
price?”

  “ Two dollars a share on fifteen thou-
sand five hundred shares is thirty-one
thousand dollars. That’s our profit. We’ll
have to pay her 113.”

  “ Grace Colchester, you mean to say
you went and trimmed my poor, old, in-
THE STEP-LIVELIES.

59

nocent dad out of thirty-one thousand
dollars and want me to share the loot?
Nothing doing, my child; nothing doing
a-tall.”

  “ What time is it, Burly?”

  “ Eleven forty.”

  “Home, James; home, James!” cried
Grace. “ We’ve got to wake mother and
put this up to her. Your father said
Pawson and Crather wouldn’t buy the
stock, but they would get her to give
them a proxy. Hurry!”

  “ Suppose she’s already promised?”

  “ Then she’ll have to change her mind
and back out of the agreement.”

  “ And if they refuse to release her?”

  “ Oh, Burly, you don’t think they’d
refuse a lady a little thing like that?
Well, she’d just have to insist, that’s all.”
“ Gracie, you’re certainly a husky busi-
ness man. Here we are, lady. Anything
else to-night? Try one of our one-dollar
Broadway sight-seeing trips? Entire
white light district, hotels, theaters, roof-
gardens, cafes, Chinatown, all for the
small sum of—”

  “ Burly, you’ll have to come in with
me. Mother may have to be reasoned
with. And then you’ve got to take the
proxy back to your father.”

  They were admitted by Jenkins, the
movie butler, who had been trained not
to register surprise at any contingency.

  “ Has mother retired, Jenkins?”

  “ Yes, Miss Grace.”

  “Very well, Jenkins; you’d better go
to bed now. Burly, you wait here in the
sarcoph—drawing-room. I’ll go up and
speak to her. She can’t have been in
bed long.”

  Burly waited. The chimes of the great
hall clock announced midnight. Then
Grace came running down the stairs,
white-faced and breathless.

  “ Burly, Burly, what—what do you—
think? I—I can’t find—mother!”

  “ The — then — why, why—she—she’s
probably out somewhere.”

  “You display extraordinary intelli-
gence, Mr. Sherlock Jones. But where? ”
“ Kidnaped!”

  “ Nonsense! That’s absurd.”

  “ She may be right back.”

  “ She may; but she may be out some
time, and your father is waiting.”

  “ Doesn’t it strike you as odd that she
left no word for you?”

  “ Decidedly. She will probably tele-
phone, or else come right back.”

  “ Call up the garage and see if your
car is out.”

  Grace returned from the telephone
presently and said she had got hold of
the Colchester chauffeur, who reported
both cars under cover, and no calls all the
evening.”

  “ I’ve an idea,” hazarded Burly. “ I
don’t think it’s so far-fetched, either.
She’s at Pawson’s.”

  “ How could that be?”

  “ You said Pawson agreed to call her
up before midnight. He probably did; he
said—let’s see, what do you think he
would say? That he and Crather and
their crowd would accept your mother’s
offer. Then—let’s see—he probably told
her that important papers must be signed,
and she’d better come to his house.”

  “ But she wouldn’t go; she’d tell him
to come here.”

  “ You’d think so. But Pawson would
have arguments. He’d say there were
other people there whom she’d have to
meet; and a stenographer; and a lot of
legal truck to be gone over that he didn’t
want to lug all the way here. Therefore,
Mr. Pawson would very obligingly send
his limousine for Mrs. Colchester, and
send her back the same way when the
business was concluded.

  “ Of course, her not leaving word for
you is queer; but ladies like your mother,
Grace, sometimes move in mysterious
ways their wonders to perform, and if
there didn’t happen to be any servants in
sight, and she thought she’d be back very
soon— Gee! Grace, suppose she had
gone to your room to tell you? Scan-dell,
scan-dell, my chee-ild!”

  “ Then what are we going to do?”

  “ Telephone Pawson’s. Get your moth-
er on the wire and tip her off not to sell,
60

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

as you’ve got a better offer; and not to
sign any proxy or she’ll be ruined; give
her one bigga-da-scare, see?”

  Miss Colchester looked sadly at Mr.
Burleson Jones.

  “ Burly,” she said, “ there are times
when I don’t wonder your father has
despaired of you. Aren’t you a kid!”
“I’m not lonesome, Gracie dear.
Hustle now, there’s no time for idle
gossip.”

  At the telephone, Gracie’s side of the
conversation ran like this:

  “ Stuyvesant 529— Hello—Mr. Paw-
son’s house? May I speak with Mr. Paw-
son?—yes—hello— Is this Mr. Pawson?
This is Miss Grace Colchester; is my
mother there? Well, she’s not at home.
I thought she might have gone to your
house—in fact, I know she did—yes, she
certainly did—I must speak to her at once
—oh, has she—thank you—hello, is that
you, mother? Oh, I just knew you’d be
there; Burly said so—no, please, please
don’t be annoyed, this is very important
—yes, I know I was very abrupt, but I
had to be—

  “ Listen, mother dear, don’t do any-
thing about the Greystone stock—yes, I
knew you went there about it—well, you
mustn’t sell it, or sign anything, or give
any proxy—I can’t tell you now, but
please come right home and I’ll explain
everything—careful, mother—I have a
better offer—never mind how I knew—
well, it’s Mr. Jonas Jones, and he’ll give
you 113. But you must sign a proxy for
him to vote your stock to-morrow—for-
give me, mother, but please, please, we’ll
be terrible losers if you deal with that
horrid Pawson crowd—he lied to me, too,
about your being there—I told him I knew
you were—and you’ll come right home?
I’ll be here— Please hurry; good-by.”

  “ What did she say, what did she say?”
excitedly demanded Burly when Grace re-
turned, flushed but triumphant, to the
drawing-room.

  “ It’s all right. She’s coming home.
And what do you think? That atrocious
old Pawson actually said she wasn’t there.

I beat him at his own game; told him I
actually knew she was. So he asked her
to come to the telephone. I’m—what is it
—a four-blusher, or something—whatever
it is.”

  “ You’re a bold, bad bluff, you Grace,”
said Burly sternly. “ But all seriousness
aside, dear; do you feel'as if your mother
will get home safely?”

  “ Why—why not, Burly?”

  “ No reason at all—only, those fellows
are pretty unscrupulous and they have
resources. They’ve got to get that proxy,
or keep your mother away from the meet-
ing, or they’ll be ruined. Do you suppose
they’ll let her slip through their fingers so
easily? Remember, they have Grady,
and Grady has Van Ambrose and Ken-
ney—that’s a fine trio. Kenney is a taxi-
driver, ostensibly. I have his taxi now;
that’s how I found out about him. If I
thought your mother was in actual dan-
ger—”

  “Burly!” Grace’s face paled a little.
Heretofore she had maintained her accus-
tomed flippancy; now she grew poignantly
serious.

  “ I guess,” said taxi-driver Jones, “ I’d
better do something. This has been one
busy evening, so far. From now on it’s
going to be still busier; I’ve got to step
lively! ”

  He was drawing on his gloves. Con-
trary to refined drawing-room procedure,
he pulled his chauffeur’s cap firmly upon
his head.

  “ Are you going to Pawson’s?”

  “ Right.”

  “ I’m going, too.”

  “ Not much. This is going to be seri-
ous business; no place for a girl.”

  “ Burly, you’re crazy. My own mother
is threatened—and anyhow, I want to be
with you, so I’ll be safe. Besides, some
day I think I may become a—a—working-
man’s bride, after all.”

  “ Permit me,” said Burly abruptly, “ to
sign them papers.” He kissed her quite
unopposed. “ Now come on; let’s
hustle.”

  In less than two minutes they were
THE STEP-LIVELIES.

61

speeding toward Pawson’s, Grace hidden
in the shadows of the taxi interior.

CHAPTER VII.

UNDERSTANDING EACH OTHER.

IT would have made the astute Jonas
Jones a little proud of his son Burleson
had he known how shrewdly that
young man guessed the facts concerning
Mrs. Bryant Colchester’s visit to the Paw-
son residence.

  There were gathered to greet her be-
sides the master of the house, Mr. Crather,
Mr. Grady, a secretary, and a couple of
nondescript gentlemen, members of the
Pawson-Crather crowd, who seemed to
have been assigned hardly more than
thinking parts, despite what may have
been their interest in the proceedings.

  Mrs. Colchester demurred at first when
Pawson assured her by telephone that her
presence in his home was desired. But
when he said that the gentlemen most
concerned had about decided to accept her
offer of stock at 1x2, and wished to con-
clude the transaction at once, she allowed
her cupidity to get the better of her sense
of—let us say convenience, rather than
fitness.

  The conventions were amply covered in
two ways: first, Mr. Pawson’s assurance
that Mrs. Pawson would be present, and,
second, the quite exclusively commercial
aspect of the gathering.

  So, when the Pawson limousine drew up
in front of the Colchester house, Mrs.
Colchester was ready to enter it. There
were no servants in sight—why bother?
She would be back very shortly, anyway.

  In Mrs. Bryant Colchester there ran,
somewhere beneath the solid bedrock of
her practical nature, a tiny spring of
daring. Here was an adventure, mild
enough, no doubt, but still softly titillant
with some feathery promise of the un-
known. It pleased her, too, to break a
lance with these lords of business, in the
confidence of her own prowess.

The Pawson-Crather crowd were bunco-

men of Big Business, living by their wits.
Just now they were opulent, swollen by
the gases of great adventure. To-morrow,
punctured by a sliver from the wand of
fate, their Zeppelin might explode and
come tumbling; whereupon Mesdames
Pawson and Crather would keep their
hands soft by applications of dish-water,
ad lib. and then some, three times daily,
after meals (if any).

  But, needless to say, if the puncture
were delayed, the Pawson dirigible would
soar yet higher, and, thus soaring, its buc-
caneer crew would drop bombs upon the
coasts of traffic.

  “ Grady, you’ve done well,” said Paw-
son, in the few minutes preceding Mrs.
Colchester’s arrival. “ The scare worked
all right. I think we’ve got her.”

  “ That ‘ inside information ’ did it,
about the ‘ passed dividend.’ ” Grady al-
lowed himself some measure of compla-
cence. “ Dividends are Mrs. Colchester’s
middle name, plus personal vanity.”

  “ Trust Grady not to overlook that
part,” said Pawson slyly, turning himself
out a stiff drink of Scotch. “ I never was
no ladies’ man, but I can see there’s times
when it pays fine. Mostly it’s expensive,
but Grady makes the soft stuff an asset.
I guess we’ve settled how to handle this
lady, eh? And say, Grady ”—here Paw-
son whispered in a breathy aside—“ if
worse comes to worst, you’ve got those
friends of yours in line?”

  “ Ready at the drop of a hat,” Grady
assured him.

  A few moments later Mr. Pawson
greeted his aristocratic guest, opening the
door for her with fine unction.

  “ Where is Mrs. Pawson?” asked Mrs.
Colchester. She had been promised the
piesence of the lady of the house, other-
wise her sense of the conventions would
have prevented her coming.

  “ She’ll be right down,” Pawson in-
formed her. He led the way to a large
library, where she coolly acknowledged
the acquaintance of the gentlemen present.

  “ Now, Mrs. Colchester,” began Paw-
son, without waste of time, “ if we can
62

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

get right clown to business—I have here
a proxy, made out in my favor, empower-
ing me to vote vour fifteen thousand five-
hun—”

  At this moment the telephone rang, and
Pawson checked, with a frown of annoy-
ance.

  “ For you, Mr. Fawson,” said his sec-
retary.

   Pawson moved irritably to the telephone
and snarled.

  “ Hello? Yes—who?— No, she ain’t.
Well, I don’t know anything about that—
that’s all right, she isn’t here—oh, you do
—she did?—well, I—all right, she’s just
come in—one moment—”

  He put down the receiver.

  “ I’m sorry to say it’s for you, Mrs.
Colchester. I had a suspicion you’d not
let anybody know you was here. It’s your
daughter; you must have told her you
■was coming.”

  “ And why not, Mr. Pawson?”

  Mrs. Colchester took up the receiver.
Constrained, evidently, by the presence
cf so many, she was very guarded. Yet,
as the onlookers watched her keenly, they
observed a subtle change in her expression.
Finally, she hung up the receiver and
turned to Mr. Pawson.

  “ Why did you tell my daughter an un-
truth?” she demanded.

  “ Oh, now, Mrs. Colchester, didn’t I
understand from you after dinner to-night
that this transaction was to be regarded
by you as strictly confidential ’til it was
all buttoned up? Didn’t I? How’d I
know you’d want me to tell the child that
you was here? She said you’d told her
you was cornin’, though, so I put you on
the wire.”

  Mrs. Colchester inwardly gasped. Grace
had told that to Pawson? She felt very
sure the girl would never do a thing like
that unprompted, or without impelling
reason.

  “ I think, Mr. Pawson,” she announced,
“ that perhaps—we’d better postpone this
transaction for a while. Would you mind
sending me home?”

  A storm of protest burst. Pawson was

furious, but tried to maintain some degree
of moderation.

   “ It ain’t right,” he declared. “ It ain’t
business. You made us an offer, bonny
fired and in good faith, and we was pre-
pared to talk business ”—Pawson scru-
pulously refrained from saying just how
his crowd had concluded to “ put one
over ” by means of an untenable agree-
ment—“ and here you go, for no reason
at all, kicking over the traces—”

  “ That is entirely uncalled for, Mr.
Pawson,” said Mrs. Colchester in a voice
that stung like icy needles.

  “ But you’ve put us in an awful hole;
you can’t back out now,” said Crather.

  “ Nothing has been concluded; I have
bound myself to nothing. I do not say
that I shall not complete the arrangement.
1 say only that I shall do nothing further
to-night. Perhaps in a few days I shall
be ready to take the matter up again. In
the meanwhile I will consult—”

  “ But the stockholders’ meeting in the
morning; it’s important—it’s life or death
to us, Mrs. Colchester,” whined Crather,
while Pawson, too enraged to trust speech,
glowered venomously at the lady.

  “ Mrs. Colchester,” began Harrison
Grad}'', with more of conciliation in his
voice and manner than either Pawson or
Crather was capable of showing, “ let us
not be hasty. Give us half an hour—yes,
even fifteen minutes to talk this thing
over.”

   “ I don’t care to discuss it any further
to-night, Mr. Grady,” she returned. “ I
thank you for all you have done, all your
courtesies, but—”

   She felt a sudden dislike for this suave
young Irishman, whose flatteries and pol-
ished, delicately gauged attentions had
hitherto proved so effectual with her.

  Now she loathed the whole sordid com-
pany. Being a business woman was not
all smooth sailing, and, strangely, she
felt cornered, as if by a pack of hungry
wolves, from whom escape seemed a du-
bious prospect..

   “ Step this way, into the drawing-room,
please, Mrs. Colchester,” said Harrison
THE STEP-LIVELIES.

63

Grady with fine courtesy. “ Mr. Pawson
will call his car for you.”

  He led the way, and Mrs. Colchester
bade the company an arctic good night.
Grady left her in the drawing-room, where
Mrs. Pawson presently appeared to keep
her company. She mentally thanked
Grady for summoning even so uninterest-
ing a companion; for while she had noth-
ing in common with Mrs. Pawson, that
lady’s banalities would serve perhaps to
calm her now highly wrought mood.

  Grady, returning to the room where the
Pawson-Crather board of strategy still
sat, looked a question.

  Pawson brusquely dismissed his secre-
tary.

  “ Now, then,” he snapped, “ what’s the
next step?”

  “ I guess it’s up to me,” replied Grady,
with a wry smile. “ I thought I’d done
pretty nearly all that was necessary when
I arranged the dinner. I hoped we’d
be able to get by without the strong-arm
work.”

  “ Look here, Grady,” interrupted Paw-
son, “ don’t use those words. You know
our agreement-—I don’t want to know
what you propose to do. It ain’t none of
my affair. If that woman shows up at
the stockholders’ meeting in the morning,
and votes her stock against us, or gives
old Square-Top Jones her proxy, we’re
goners. Otherwise, we’re certain to win.
Out goes Jonesy and we do things in the
market. Bing! The stock’ll go down
like a burnt-out rocket; and we’ve mar-
gined millions of it on short sales.

  “ Now, let’s not go into no harrowin’
details. You take the risk and leave me
and my associates out of it. If we win,
you get one hundred thousand dollars
cold cash; and not only that, if you’ve
been wise I’ve no doubt you’ve sold a lot
of the stock short, so you stand to clean
up handsome. You’ve got to step lively;
but I ain’t party to what you do, and I
don’t recommend anything rough. I’m
just tellin’ you where you get off; that’s
all.”

  “ I get you, Mr. Pawson,” assented

Grady. “ But I’d just like to have you
make that agreement in writing—in-
formally, you know. No details may be
mentioned—just make me a memorandum
to the effect that the hundred thousand
will be paid in the event that the Pawson-
Crather crowd get control of the Grey-
stone System.”

  “ Not much,” fumed Pawson. “ Ain’t
my word good?”

  Grady looked the older man very coolly
in the eye, and his glance was so icily
piercing that Pawson fidgeted.

  “ If you force me to say so,” said
Grady, “ your word is much better when
written, signed, and endorsed by Mr.
Crather.”

  Pawson turned an angry purple.

  “ I’m a man of my word,” he said. “ I
won’t sign a damn thing.”

  “ Yet you wish me to risk Sing Sing.
No, thank you.”

  “ Not a hint of a memorandum do I
sign,” stormed Pawson. “ Would you,
Crather?”

  Crather shook his head sadly.

  “ Very well, gentlemen,” agreed Grady,
with every semblance of cheerful resigna-
tion. “ There’s nothing compulsory about
it. I’m a poor man myself; I’ve hardly
anything at stake. You men who are
short thousands of Greystone shares, in
spite of your temporary pool to swing
the stockholders’ meeting, are the ones to
consider whether it is best to drop this
thing—it’s your own business.”

  “ Oh, come now, Grady—”

  “ I’m not coming, I’m going. I wonder
how Mrs. Colchester would like my com-
pany as far as her own door. Perhaps
she’d be interested in some of the details—
and then, maybe our friend Square-Top
Jones would prick up his ears at just a
hint of—”

  “ Great Scott, Grady, are you plumb
crazy?” howled Pawson. He turned a
sickly, nondescript shade of green.

“ Oh, no, hardly that,” returned Grady.
He was the fine impersonation of inso-
lence. Pawson and Crather both knew
him to be quite capable of doing what
64

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

he hinted. Pawson thought of the mil-
lions at stake—and wilted.

  “ Here, damn you!” he exploded; and
seizing a pen he wrote a hasty scrawl,
s;gned it, and passed it to Crather. That
financier attached his signature, shaking
his head sadly.

  “ Now,” said Grady, “ the rest of you
gentlemen, please.”

  The actors who had hitherto borne but
a thinking part in this engaging drama
now fidgeted, but a compelling glance
from Pawson decided them.

  Grady grinned, took the memorandum,
scanned it casually, and thrust it in his
pocket.

  “ Thanks,” he said. “ That’s quite sat-
isfactory. Now, if I’m to accomplish this
thing, I’ll have to bid you good night.”
“ Go to it, my boy,” said Pawson. His
good-nature had returned in a degree.
There was something about Grady’s brisk
decision of manner that inspired a certain
confidence. “ Go to it, Grady, and—”
But Grady was gone.

  Less than ten minutes later Grady was
seated in the back room of a Sixth Ave-
nue saloon, in conference with three
persons—Joe Kenney, the Atom, and that
astute attorney Thaddeus Skanks.

  “ Now, Joe,” observed Grady, “ you’ve
pretty well sobered off, I should say.”

  “ I’m sober enough,” grunted Kenney
sourly.

  “ Keep so from now until six in the
morning, and after that you can drink
as much as you like, and I’ll promise
you’ll have the price to pay for the most
expensive jag your money ever bought.”
“ Cut the kidding, Harry,” said Ken-
ney. “ My nerves is all frazzled. Give
us the lay quick, and let’s get busy. But
if I don’t have one drink pretty soon I
croak, see?”

  “ You can have tw7o, Joe. One now
and one when you get up-town. I’m
going to give Teddo a little bottle of
whisky for you, and you can sink it in
your system just before you go into the
Colchester—”

  “ Good God!” cried Joe. “ Is that the
crib we’re to crack? I hoped—”

  “ You’ve got another hope this trip,
Joe. Teddo’s been up there to-night
sizing up the premises. He knows what
to do and how to do it. If you fellows
get away with this job, you’ll never lose
another night’s sleep. Got your kit?”

  “ Yep.”

  “ All right. Now this is the dope.”
The quartet drew their heads close to-
gether, and Grady gave directions in
swift but well-muffled tones. The three
heads nodded. After a five minutes’ col-
loquy Grady straightened up.

  “ Now, Skanksy, you understand the
whole game? I want you to have it all
in your head, even though you aren’t
going up there. You’re the boy with the
alibi, and I want it to be copper-riveted
and lawyer-proof.

  “ And you lads remember one thing—
not too rough. There’s no need of that.
Be sure and clean up all the stuff you can
get; it ’11 be worth a lot. And remember,
it ’11 all be yours. I don’t want any of
it. You and Skanks can settle that be-
tween you.

  “ Work quick and get the stuff before
the lady gets home—and then, remember,
all that’s necessary is that she—well,
doesn’t feel like leaving her bed for a day
or two. Got your needle, Teddo?”

  Mr. Reginald Van Ambrose nodded.

  “ Very good; now boys, beat it. Good
luck! And remember, if you do get
pinched, keep your mouths shut, sing out
for Skansky, and we’ll take care of you.”
“ Well, Harry,” remarked Kenney,
with an unpleasant leer, thrusting his
rubicund nose close to the more delicately
chiseled organ of Mr. Harrison Grady,
‘‘ here’s hopin’ Panther’s as good as you
say he is, with his alibis and his pull with
the officers and judges and all; but a
stretch don’t look good to me, and rather
than do too long a bit I’d blow the whole
game, just like a mice. We takes the risk,
and you gets most of the coin; so be
damn sure we’re looked after, see?”
Grady looked unconcernedly at the al-
THE STEP-LIVELIES.

65

coholic and threatening face of his under-
world subordinate.

  “ Beat it, Joe,” he rejoined. “ What
do you take me for—a country school-
teacher? All you’ve got to do is make
good.”

  “ Come on, Teddo,” muttered Joe; and
the two melted out through the side door
into the night.

  Left alone with Skanks, Grady showed
some curiosity concerning previous events
of the evening, notably the visit of Bur-
leson Jones to the Skanksian lair.

  “You’d better look out for that young
man,” warned the fawyer. “ He’s no
fool. You made a mistake when you
sent him down to me. You ought to have
known you couldn’t expect me to do any-
thing with him.”

  “ I’m sorry you couldn’t trim him up,”
complained Grady resentfully. “ You
had good luck with the others.”

  “ Yes; but he isn’t like the others,
Grady. He’s not so easy. You better
look out, or he’ll get that goat of yours.”
“ You should worry,” rejoined Grady.
“ Anyhow, after to-night I won’t concern
myself with that kind of thing. If our
play goes through I’ll be a rich man to-
morrow evening.”

  “ How much does that gang of Wall-
Streeters pay you for this deal?” Panther
eyed his client with a sly cunning in his
single eye.

  “ Fifty thousand.”

  “ Too cheap,” grunted Skanks.

“ Oh, I don’t know,” returned Grady
easily. “ Those yeggs ’11 get plenty up
at the house; they don’t get any of mine.”
“ How about me?” demanded the
lawyer.

  “ Oh, I’ll take care of you.”

  “ Pretty airy, aren’t you, Mr. Grady?
Well, Harry, my boy, you can bet you
will take care of me. I’m sick of this
living off the small fry. It’s a piker game,
I tell you. I’m going to make you a
proposition.

  “ I came up and got Joe out of jail
for you to-night — had to dig up real
money to do it. I pretty near know how

     5	a-s

to handle yeggs like him and Teddo.
Likewise, Mr. Harrison Grady, you ain’t
so clever but I can come pretty close to
handling you, too.

  “ So, if you’re getting fifty thousand
for your little deal to-night, I should say
a fifty-fifty split between you and me
would be fair.”

  “ The hell it will!”

  “ The hell it won't! ”

  “ But look at all the work I’ve done
and the risk I’m running. Why should I
split it two ways with you?”

  “ Because I say so. I’ve been trailing
along with you for some time now, Grady,
and I’ve just about come to the place
where I can make you skip rope. I’m
a useful guy to you, young man; you’d
better make up your mind I don’t work
for nothing. So I guess we’ll shake hands
and call it a go, eh?”

  “ Well, Skansky, if I give you twenty-
five of my fifty, will you keep those
yeggs off my neck? They may make an
awful holler, especially if they don’t get
much stuff up at Colchester’s.”

  The lawyer grinned a slimy grin.

  “ Those birds? Sure! I’ll throw a
scare into ’em that ’11 keep ’em quiet
until doomsday. Or I’ll railroad ’em.
Which do you want?”

  Grady pondered, remembering Joe’s
parting threat.

  “ Oh, we’ll see how this thing comes
out,” he said. “ No need to decide to-
night-—not as long as you and I under-
stand each other.”

  “ You bet we do,” remarked Panther
Skanks; and his leathery face cracked in
a leer meant to be pleasantly appreciative
of the humor of the situation. “ You
bet we understand each other.”

  But Harrison Grady, walking briskly
toward his club to await a telephone
message from Kenney and Teddo that the
job had been pulled off, chuckled. For
the difference between half of fifty thou-
sand and half of what he had been actual-
ly promised by Pawson was the tidy sum
of twenty-five thousand dollars.

  “ I wonder,” he mused, “ if Panther
66

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

could fix it to send those birds over the
road without getting me in Dutch?”

CHAPTER VIII.

PURSUIT.

CHAUFFEUR BURLESON JONES
swung out of Fifty-Seventh Street
into Sixth Avenue and headed
down-town. It was a considerable drive
to the Pawsons’, who lived in one of those
fine old homes in West Twelfth Street.

  Burly thrust his rattly old cab in and
out among the evening traffic and made
time as rapidly as possible. Grace Col-
chester, well veiled, huddled in the shad-
ows and, as the cab bounced over the
crossings and roughnesses of the avenue,
wished for the luxurious springs of her
mother’s limousine.

   Suddenly she felt the taxi slacken speed
and, leaning a little forward, observed her
driver gazing intently at a figure just
turning into the door of a saloon. Burly
looked back at Grace, then jerked a
thumb toward the barroom.

“ Did you see that man?” he asked.

  “ Was it anybody—”

  “ It was, if my eyes are as good as
they ought to be. It was, indeed, some-
body; it was Harrison Grady.”

  “No!”

  “ Yes, I say. Didn’t he look familiar
to you?”

  “ What is he doing there?”

  “ That’s what I’m going to find out.”
Burly pulled up by the curve. “ Do you
mind if I leave you just two or three
min—”

“ But mother—how about mother?”

   “ I’ll have to take a chance. I’ve just
got to see what Grady’s doing in there.
It ’11 take only a minute. I’ve a notion
your mother’s on her way home by this
time, anyhow—”

“ Go on, Burly; hurry then; I’ll wait.”
Burly sprang down and made his way
back half a block to the saloon. He en-
tered boldly, since, if Grady were here,
he could hardly hope to avoid him. But

Grady was not in the bar. There was
no customer in sight. Burly walked
leisurely over to the free lunch, helped
himself to a cracker, and ordered a ginger-
ale. Into his manner he threw a rough
good-fellowship.

  “ Nice night, ain’t it?” he observed.
“ Business pretty good?”

  “ Rotten,” said the bartender.

  Chauffeur Jones finished his drink and
walked to the rear of the bar, where a
little passage, with swinging doors at each
end, led into the back room. The door
at the barward end of the passage swung
shut behind him, its ground glass admit-
ting a dim glow. The door opening into
the back room had no glass; a streak of
light revealed its outlines.

  Burly paused in that shadowy cupboard
of a place and listened. There were
voices to be heard, muffled and indistinct.
He put out a hand and gently moved the
swinging door. A trifle was enough, and
he found it possible to peer through.

  Harrison Grady sat in deep conference
with the Atom, Thaddeus Skanks, and—
yes, it was Joe Kenney, the drunken
chauffeur. He appeared sober enough
now, though an empty whisky glass in-
dicated that he had been recently served.

  “ Devilment,” thought Burly. That
phrase, “ sizing up the Colchester prem-
ises,” came back to him.

  He withdrew from the passageway and
walked once more the length of the bar,
picking up a cracker as he passed the free
lunch. Once on the sidewalk he quick-
ened his steps.

  “ Now for Pawson’s,” he said, and sent
the car racing down the asphalt.

  “ For goodness’ sake, Burly, don’t
jounce me so,” complained Grace. “ Was
it Harrison Grady in that saloon?”

  “ It certainly was Harrison Grady in
that saloon,” replied Burly. “ I can’t
help jouncing you; I’m in a hurry. Hang
on tight and try not to bite your
tongue.”

  “ A tactful way of telling me to hold
it, I suppose,” grumbled Grace, clutching
the cushions.
THE STEP-LIVELIES.

67

  The cab turned into West Twelfth
Street. Burly slowed down and drew up
at the side of the street, some distance
in the rear of a limousine.

  “ That’s Pawson’s,” said Burly, turn-
ing to Grace. “ And that’s his car. The
chauffeur is changing a tire. So I guess
your mother hasn’t started home yet after
all.”

  “ Burly, don’t you suppose we might
get there ahead of her?”

  “ Wre undoubtedly could, if I’d consent
to let that limousine out of my sight.”

  “ Well, I’d like to be home when she
comes. I’d rather she didn.’t look for
me and find I was out. Of course I’ll tell
her later, but—”

  “ There she comes now,” announced
Burly.

  Mrs. Colchester descended the Pawson
front steps, and the Pawson chauffeur,
appearing to have finished changing his
tire, let down his jack, strapped the re-
placed tire and rim in the lugs, and in a
leisurely fashion prepared for departure.

  “ I guess they’re going to send her
home safe,” said Grace, to whom the sight
of her mother still alive and able to walk
was sufficiently reassuring.

  “ I guess so,” Chauffeur Jones agreed.
“ I’m going to make sure, though.”

  The Pawson car presently started off,
and headed up Fifth Avenue. Burly kept
at a respectful distance, within plain sight,
so that should the big car swing into any
side street he would not miss it. But it
kept on along Fifth Avenue until well
above Forty-Second Street.

  Just as the limousine passed Forty-
Ninth Street there came a loud explosion.
The Pawson car paused, swerved in to-
ward the sidewalk, and slowed down.

  “ He has a blow7-out,” said Burly.

  “ Now can’t you take me right home?”
asked Grace. “ It will require some time
to change tires, and you’ll be able to get
me to the house and then come back here
again.”

  “ We might stop and take your mother
aboard.”

  “ No, no; I don’t want to let her know

yet that I’ve been out. Perhaps—per-
haps I won’t have to let her know at all.
Maybe I can make her think you put
through that agreement with your father
for me.”

  “ Grace, Grace, if you ever adopt a
business career, let business beware!
You’re one of our best little subterfugers.
No, you won’t tell your mother I put up
any job like that on my poor old father
•—not with my consent.”

  “ Well, take me home, anyhow.”

  “ I guess it will be safe enough,” con-
sented Burly. As they passed the stalled
limousine they could see Mrs. Colchester’s
anxiously impatient face peering through
the glass at the Pawson chauffeur.

  As they went up the steps Grace said:
“ Burly dear, now that I’m to be a
working man’s bride, and when I’ve made
it so plain how helpful I’m trying to be
in keeping the wolf from the door, don’t
you think it would be nicer of you to
come back and help me persuade mother
to give up that proxy for your poor old
father?”

  “ ‘ Poor old father ’ is right,” chuckled
Burly. “ Heaven pity him; he’s no match
for you, and I don’t suppose I am, either.
Yes, Grace, I’ll come back. But just how
far I’ll go to help you trim father I’d
rather not commit myself. Got your
latch-key?”

  They were now at the top of the steps,
and entered the vestibule. Burly would
have turned and gone back to his taxi—
but something prompted him to step into
the hall with Grace, as the big inside door
swung to her pressure. Just what that
impulse was it would be hard to tell—
perhaps he intended to kiss Grace there
in the big, gloomy hall. Perhaps some
instinct prompted him to make sure of
her safe entrance—

  “ Burly,” she whispered suddenly, and
in so startled a way that he felt a creepy
sensation at the roots of his hair.
“ Burly!”

  “ For the love of Mike,” he whispered,
“ what are you trying to do? Scare me
to death?”
68

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ I’ve a feeling that some one is in this
house.”

  “ I wonder,” rejoined Burly—“ I won-
der what put that into your head. Of
course that’s nonsense—”

  Then across his mind floated those four
huddled faces around a small table in the
back room of a Sixth Avenue saloon.
Burly suddenly forgot all about Grace’s
mother in a wave of anxiety for the girl
herself. Suppose there were somebody in
the house?

  “ I’ll just go to the head of the stairs
with you, dear,” he said. “ I suppose the
proprieties—”

  “ Bother the proprieties,” whispered
Grace and, reaching out, took the work-
ing man’s hand in a strong and magnetic

grip-

  Burly thrilled to the touch of her. To-
gether they mounted the stairs in the
dark, and, upon the thickly padded treads,
as quietly as ghosts.

  Grace reached a wall-switch at thj head
of the stairs, and light flooded the hall.
Reassured by the illumination and by the
comforting presence of Burly, she looked
about confidently.

  “ How silly I was,” she said.

  Together they spied about, poking
into this shadowy doorway—that dark
comer.

  “ Of course it’s all nonsense—”

  And just then something happened.
The lights went out. Grace gave a little,
startled scream, and Burly held out his
hands to her in the dark.

  There was a swift rush of human
bodies, quick, guttural breathing, a whiff
of an alcoholic exhalation, and then Grace
screamed in real terror. Buriy’s hand
found Grace’s body and he drew her to
him and got her between him and the wall.
Somehow, he felt that she was the object
of attack.

  He struck out blindly into the dark,
and his fist crashed into something that
gave under the blow, whereupon Burly
decided that he had punched some per-
son’s face. A grotesque idea flitted
through his brain that it might, by some

accident, be that motion-picture butler
whom he had smitten.

  Grace screamed again, and steps pat-
tered in the rear of the house. The voice
of the watchman came in startled tones:

  “ Now, who’s that and what’s wanted?”
It was plain that the watchman was rat-
tled; as he might well have been upon
suddenly awakening from a peaceful sleep.

  Burly pawed about in the dark, hoping
to hit something again, or catch hold of
some one’s clothing. He got his hand on
a rough sleeve, which was tom away.

  “ Beat it, Joe,” grunted a voice.
“ We’re in wrong.”

  The ray of the watchman’s flash-light
stabbed the darkness, and Burly saw two
figures tearing down the stairs. In a
breath he was after them.

  “ Burly, Burly!” cried Grace. “ Don’t
leave me!” And with a mad impulse of
fear plunged after him.

  Again came the watchman’s search-
light glimmer, and then somebody turned
the switch, and the hall was once more
lighted. At the foot of the stairs, and
making for the front door, Burly saw
Reginald Van Ambrose, alias Teddo the
Tailor, alias the Atom, and Joe Ken-
ney, ex-taxi driver. The latter had a big
bundle under his arm, of irregular shape
and bulk. Teddo the Tailor turned and
pointed a revolver up the stairs.

  “Get back there!” he screamed.
“ Back, or I plug the lot of you.”

  Kenney and his bundle oozed out at the
front door. Burly and Grace collapsed
suddenly on the stairs, Burly trying his
best to shield the girl. Old Harvey, the
watchman, came lumbering after them,
stumbled, and pitched forward, half slid-
ing, half rolling until he stopped with a
sickening jolt against Grace’s back.

  The Atom turned and followed Kenney.
Burly sprang after him, with Grace at
his heels, while poor old Harvey continued
his bumping descent to the foot of the
stairs. Grace followed Burly blindly, in a
frenzy of terror, having the confused sense
of imminent dissolution. She wanted to be
with Burly when her time came.
THE STEP-LIVELIES.

69

  Kenney and Teddo, on the sidewalk,
ran full tilt toward Fifth Avenue, alert
for the best available means of escape.

  A closed car cleared the corner and
swung toward the curb. Joe Kenney dart-
ed into the street, hopped on the running-
board, and dealt the chauffeur a stunning
blow, presumably with a black-jack. The
chauffeur collapsed, and Kenney toppled
him to the asphalt. Burly remarked
afterward on the neatness of this maneu-
ver.

  “Inside, Teddo; inside!” yelled Ken-
ney.

  The Atom swung open the limousine
door. Burly, close upon him, tried to pull
him back to the street, but Teddo kicked
out violently. Burly Jones, under the im-
pact of Teddo’s foot, rolled into the street.

  Joe Kenney, in the seat of the de-
throned driver, fed his engine a flood of
power, and the great car went sailing off
to the westward.

  Burly, picking himself up, made a dash
for his taxi. It stood with engine idling,
and he had it under way in so short a
time that he was close behind the limou-
sine when it turned down Sixth Avenue.
He sensed the presence of some one be-
side him. It was Grace.

  “ You’ll be in danger!” he cried. “ You
should have stayed at home.”

  “I couldn’t, I couldn’t!” she wailed.
“ In that dreadful house? Full of burg-
lars and goodness knows what else?
Never! ”

  “ Did you see all that happened?”

  “ Yes; and that limousine—it’s Paw-
son’s, and—”

  “ Your mother’s inside it with Reggie
Van Ambrose.”

  Traffic, comparatively light on Sixth
Avenue at this hour, offered little to im-
pede the chase. The limousine dashed
unchecked under the Elevated. Buriy’s
wheezy cab was a poor match for the
powerful car, but he gave it all the gas it
would stand, and managed for some time
to keep the Pawson tail-light in sight,
though it glowed more dimly every min-
ute.

  There wasn’t a policeman within a
thousand blocks, it seemed. Pursued and
pursuer tore along, block after block, until
suddenly the tail-light disappeared. Some
other vehicle had intervened, and before
Burly could uncover his objective, it had
turned into a cross street. He kept on
until he reached a point at which he
judged the red light had vanished, but
could see no sign of it.

  “ Murder!” he observed. “We’ve lost
em.”

CHAPTER IX.

C.RADY ACCEPTS AN INVITATION.

HARRISON GRADY, at the Baby-
lon Club, awaited with increasing
uneasiness the expected tele-
phone-call from Kenny and Teddo. He
passed an exceedingly uncomfortable hour
playing billiards with a casual acquaint-
ance.

  “ Say, Grady,” observed his opponent,
“ you’re playing a rotten game to-night.
What’s the matter? You usually beat me
hands down. You’re missing the easy
ones.”

  “ Telephone-call for Mr. Grady,” said
a boy. Grady looked at his watch. It
was nearly one-thirty.

  “ About time,” he muttered, dropped
his cue, and with a hasty “ Excuse me,”
raced for the booth on the lounge-floor of
the club. Receiver in hand, he called
sharply:

“ Hello; this you, Joe? What—”

  “ I beg pardon,” came a voice, feminine
and modulated. “ Is this Mr. Grady?”

  “ What’s that?” stammered Grady.
“ Yes—this is Mr. Grady—I beg your
pardon, I thought—”

  “ This is Miss Grace Colchester.”

  “ The devil!” Sheer panic startled the
expletive from Grady’s lips. “ Oh, oh,
I—I— Please forgive me, Miss Colches-
ter—I was speaking to—a—to a by-
stander.” He tried to carry the situation
off with a laugh. “ I’m delighted to hear
from you. Isn’t it rather late?”

/
70

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ Please, Mr. Grady, could you come
to our house at once?”

  “ To your house? Why—er—yes, if—”
“ It’s mother—we wish to see you—”
Grady managed to suppress audible
evidence of his chagrin.

  “ Your mother? Oh, of course—do
you—may I ask what it is about, Miss
Grace?”

  “ I can’t tell you exactly—that is, not
over the telephone. It’s about the Paw-
son matter. Will you come at once? I
think it’s very important.”

  “ Yes, Miss Grace; I’ll be there right
away. Yes, just as soon as I can get a
taxicab. Good-by.”

  Grady’s face was chalky; his heart
made frenzied efforts to climb out through
his throat. He steadied himself against
the side of the booth and tried to think.

  Then he told the doorman to call a taxi,
and in the interim went into the bar where
he swallowed a stiff whisky. He was ter-
ribly puzzled, filled with a clutching fear,
yet impelled, in spite of himself, to accept
Grace Colchester’s summons. Oddly, at
the same time, he fought back an impulse
to run away, to escape, to drop the whole
awful business.

  “ No, by Heanten,” he muttered; “ I’ll
see it through. I’ll take the chance. I
can’t drop it now.”

  All the way to Fifty-Seventh Street he
fought back that tugging urge which
would force him to cry out and bid his
driver go on and on and on, as far from
New York as wheels and gasoline could
take him.

  At last he found himself standing in
the Colchester hall, shaking hands limply
with Grace, and muttering some flat ban-
ality of greeting. She led him into the
big drawing-room.

  If the frightened soul of him had per-
mitted, he would have seen that the girl
was charmingly clothed in some sort of
loose and voluminous, lacy garment; that
she wore small, heelless slippers; that her
lovely, shining hair was hanging in thick
braids. She was warm, dewy eyed, like
one lately awakened. Certainly she gave

no hint of her recent adventurous wander-
ings. Also, she was palpitant with an ap-
pealing anxiety.

  “ Mr. Grady,” she said tremulously,
“ I’m in great trouble. I thought of you
because—well, because you have been so
much interested—mother has spoken so
pleasantly of you—and now—oh, Mr.
Grady, she’s gone!” Grace began to cry.

  “ Gone! ” repeated Grady in astonish-
ment. “ I don’t understand—”

  “ It’s dreadful; she was here a little
while ago, I know, because I found this
in the office; and there were signs of
violence—”

  “ Oh, no, Miss Grace; it’s unbeliev-
able.”

  Grady held out his hand for the slip of
paper which Grace offered him, and ex-
amined it with the most extraordinary
sensations of amazement. For it was
nothing more or less than a printed form,
setting forth that the undersigned dele-
gated to Morris Pawson, whose name had
been filled in at the proper place, all vot-
ing rights, et cetera, in certain holdings
of Greystone stock. And this astonishing
document was signed—•

  “ Helena Urquhart Cole—”

  Grady stared at the uncompleted signa-
ture in stunned incomprehension.

  “ When did your mother do this?” he
asked excitedly.

  “ I don’t know exactly. But she must
have done it after she returned from Mr.
Pawson’s.”

  “ From Pawson’s?”

  “Yes; she went there shortly before
midnight, and returned directly. She said
she had some work to do in the office; so
I went to bed. I didn’t go to sleep for a
long time, and then, thinking of some-
thing I wanted to ask her about, I came
down-stairs and looked for her. Mr.
Grady, please come with me.”

  She led the way to the rear of the
ground floor, and admitted her visitor to
a small room with which he was already
familiar. It was now in confusion. Chairs
had been tipped over, papers were scat-
tered about.
THE STEP-LIVELIES.

71

  “ Did you call the police? And where
are the servants?”

  “ No. I didn’t call any one. Mother
is so peculiar—I didn’t know—she’s ter-
ribly afraid of notoriety—I wanted ad-
vice—from some one of discretion. I
couldn’t really convince myself that the
house had been broken into; it’s very well
guarded. Our watchman is thoroughly
trustworthy.”

  Grady was still staring at the half-
signed proxy in his hand.

  “ Shall I ring up the police?” asked
Grace in tearful helplessness.

  “ Not yet, I should say. Of course,
this uncompleted signature looks as if
your mother had been interrupted in the
act of signing the document; or it may
mean that she fully signed another, and
that this one she found in some way un-
satisfactory before she finished writing
her name.”

• “ Oh, but what shall I do, what shall
I do?”

  Grady looked at Grace wonderingly.
Away down deep in his mind arose a sus-
picion. What was this clever girl up to?
Could it be that she was adroit enough
to— No; her shoulders were shaking with
sobs.

  “ It’s all on account of this Pawson
matter,” she cried. “ Mother’s been so
upset. I don’t like Mr. Pawson—I knew
she went there, and I called her up and
begged her to come home. She seemed
determined to put through some sort—of
—of—is deal the word? When she got
home she said she was sorry she had not
completed it. Please, Mr. Grady, help
me find her. You are so dose to Mr.
Pawson and his friends. Oh, I’d be will-
ing for her to—to make any arrangement
with him—with Mr. Pawson—if I only
knew she was safe—if she were just here
with me, in her own house.”

  “ Why didn’t you call up Pawson’s?
She may have gone there.”

  “ I did, I did; and they didn’t answer
their telephone.”

  “ Funny, very funny,” said Grady.
But he didn’t suggest trying again. He

stood for a long minute, evidently con-
sidering what was best to be done.

  “ In spite of appearances, Miss Grace,”
he said smoothly, “ I think you have
really overestimated the seriousness of the
situation. Are there any signs of burg-
lary—has anything been taken?”

  “ Not a thing,” said Grace.

  “ My dear young lady,” said Grady,
who had by this time recovered his poise,
“ I will do everything possible to assist
you. I wouldn’t be alarmed, if I were
you. I wish you would trust me to do
what is necessary—I will go to Mr. Paw-
son’s, as you say they don’t answer their
telephone; and I will call you up just as
soon as I find out anything.

  “ Let me suggest that you summon a
servant, have a cup of cocoa, and try not
to worry. Say nothing about this. Please
believe me fully at your service. I am
quite certain you really have no cause for
anxiety. Your mother evidently came
here and made a search for certain papers
she wanted, and in her haste may have
caused some confusion; see, it’s easy
enough to set things to rights quickly.”

  Grady picked up the overturned chairs,
gathered together the scattered papers,
and, surely enough, the room looked as if
nothing had disturbed its orderly arrange-
ment.

  “ Now, Miss Grace, if I may use your
telephone just a moment,” said Grady.
He picked up the instrument and gave a
number sharply.

  “ Hello; this is Grady talking. I want
to see you at once; yes. I’ll be there in
a few minutes.

  “ Friend of mine,” explained Grady.
“ Very clever detective whom I sometimes
consult in—er—emergencies. This is the
point, Miss Grace: Your mother is a
very reserved and cautious woman. She
has good reasons for everything she does.
We have no right to interfere with her,
even if she chooses to do something un-
usual. At this moment she is, doubtless,
engaged in matters which she considers
urgent, and we have no real reason to sus-
pect anything wrong.
72

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ However, I think it is wise, without
consulting the police, to have some one in-
terested in the situation in whose discre-
tion we may have confidence. I do it for
my own protection. This man is my
friend, and if, as I am sure will be the
case, your mother arrives at home shortly,
nothing will ever be said. Understand?”
Grace signified her absolute confidence
in Grady’s judgment, crying softly mean-
while, and thanking him through her
tears. In another minute he was gone,
leaving the girl with a sad little smile of
gratitude on her tremulous lips. She would
be terribly anxious until she heard from
him—

  The front door slammed behind the re-
treating figure.

  “ Oh, Burly!” cried Grace. “ Quick!”
Burleson Jones appeared promptly from
an adjoining room.

  “ Did you hear all that?” asked Grace.
“ You bet I did, and there isn’t a min-
ute to waste. You certainly can act,
Gracie girl; holy Moses! What a star
the drama has lost! Did you catch that
telephone number?”

  “080 Franklin!”

  “ Right; know whose number it is?”

  “ How should I?”

  “ It’s that shyster lawyer’s—I told you
about him. One of the gang. Now I’ve
got to beat it round to Fifty-Fifth and
get the car; and it’s ho! for Franklin
Street. Keep up your courage, Gracie,
old girl. I’ll let you know what I learn.
Don’t be frightened. Good-by, dear. I’ll
have to step lively.”

CHAPTER X.
cratty’s.

Harrison grady left his taxi

outside the dingy building in
Franklin Street and mounted the
pitch-black stairway to the third floor.
At the end of the corridor a tenuous fila-
ment of light marked the space between
the door and threshold of Panther
Skanks’s office.

  “They gummed it, by God!” cried
Grady when the leathery-faced attorney
admitted him.

  “ I was trying to get some sleep when
you called up,” grumbled Skanks.
“ Damn this business, anyhow. I’m
afraid the risk’s too great. We’ll all be
in a mess; that’s what I think.”

  A shabby couch by the wall, with a
soiled and rumpled quilt, showed where
he had sought his uneasy and interrupt-
ed repose.

  “ They gummed the game,” repeated
Grady. “ Look!”

  He extended the proxy, bearing the
all but completed signature.

  “ Well?” queried Skanks irritably.

  “ It means those fatheads went up
there, broke in, and blundered onto Mrs.
Colchester in her office in the very act
of signing the one paper of all others
we’ve been trying to get.”

  “ It wouldn’t be any good without a
witness.”

  “Hell! That’s not the point. It
just shows she had made up her mind,
doesn’t it? We’d have heard from her
sure early in the morning, and then that
witness thing could have been taken care
of. How do you know she wouldn’t have
had one of her own servants witness that
signature?

  “Anyhow, if those fools had been two
seconds later the signature would have
been complete and we could have fixed
the witness part all right. The point is,
I’ve got this damn, useless, almost-but-
not-quite thing, and they’ve kidnaped
the woman.”

  “ Well, I know it.”

  “ You know it? How?”

  “ They’ve got her over at Billy Crat-
ty’s, on Eighth Street. They telephoned
me; said they’d tried to get you at your
club and you’d left. Fine fellow, you
are, not to be within call. They phoned
me, and I told them not to worry yet a
while; I’d very likely hear from you. I
was right.”

  “ Sure; I thought you’d know where
to put your finger on them.”
THE STEP-LIVELIES.

73

  “Yes; and this kidnaping is a damn
mysterious thing. Your story don’t
dovetail with theirs; some one’s lying.
They say they didn’t kidnap her; she
was wished on them.”

  “ Go on, Skanks; her own daughter
told me; called me up, asked me to go
to the house, begged me to find her
mother, and showed me the very room
where Teddo and Joe had grabbed the
dame, tipped over chairs and things, and
rushed her out. It’s the coarsest work I
ever heard of, and strictly against orders.
I’ll have their hides for it, by Heaven!
If we don’t all go to jail for this mess,
I’m a liar.”

  “ We’d better go over to Cratty’s,”
suggested Skanks.

  “ You bet,” agreed Grady vehemently.
“ What time is it? Nearly half past
two. This is some slippery situation;
the only thing I can do is make a grand-
stand play—big rescue act, see? I’m
afraid I’ll never get away with it, but
it’s the only thing. Desperate disease,
desperate medicine. Come on.”

  Somehow it was one of Grady’s facul-
ties to inspire with some degree of con-
fidence those with whom he dealt. It
was a valuable part of his equipment for
the dubious profession of crook. Through
the dark hall and down the murky stair-
way the one-eyed little jackal of the law
followed his leader, almost obediently.
At the curb Panther gave the taxi driver
a street and number.

  “And make time,” he urged. “ Hit ’er
up, boy; step lively!”

  Now a thing had happened during
Grady’s visit in the Skanksian office
which entirely escaped that malefactor’s
notice. This is not to be wondered at,
since the pale light of the street lamps
picked out with inadequate distinctness
the lineaments of the taxi driver.

  Hardly had Grady disappeared up the
black and cavernous stairway when a
second taxicab slid up behind the one
which had brought Grady down-town.

  “ Oscar,” said the driver of the second
car, “ you’ve got to swap cabs with me.”

  “ Oh, hello, Mr. Jones,” said Oscar.
“ Since when you been driving for the
C. A. T. Co.?”

“ No time to explain, my boy. Good
thing you happen to know me. Now
you get into my car and chase yourself.”
“ You’re not getting me into trouble,
are you, Mr. Jones?”

  “ No, Oscar, I give you my word. I’ll
square you with Eaton in the morning,
if anything is said. Come, now, wiggle!
Go buy yourself a feed when you get off
duty.”

  Burly pushed a five-dollar-bill into
the pseudo-reluctant hand of his fellow-
employee.

  “ Beat it, beat it!” he urged.

  In another thirty seconds he had the
satisfaction of seeing the last of his erst-
while vehicle. He had not long to wait,
for Grady and the lawyer presently ap-
peared.

  The address given was in a dubious
neighborhood, and proved to be that of
a saloon displaying the name “ W.
Cratty ” in sumptuous gold letters over
the door. Grady and Skanks alighted.

  “ Wait here,” said Grady shortly.
Then he and the lawyer went to the door
designated “ Ladies’ Entrance,” and
were presently admitted.

  Burly Jones promptly climbed down
from his driver’s seat and instituted a
scouting expedition. He soon located an
alley, half a block from the saloon, and
in it stood—the Pawson limousine.

  “ Now for the doity woik,” he mut-
tered, feelingly; and approached the la-
dies’ entrance of W. Cratty’s select re-
sort. “ I wonder how desperate those
fellows are; maybe I’m taking an awful
chance. Well, here goes nothing.”

  He knocked sharply on the glass.
Presently the lock rattled and the door
gave a couple of inches.

  “ Whaddyawant?” demanded a coarse
voice.

  “ I’m Mr. Skanks’s shofer. I want a
little touch o’ liquor, that’s what I want.”
“ Why the hell didn’t youse come in
when he did, then?”
74	ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ He don’t buy me no drinks,” said
Burly. “ He’s the original hard-boiled
egg. I buys me own booze, see? Be-
sides, that duck wouldn’t ride wit’ me if
he knew I’d touch it. He’d complain to
me boss and have me fired. Gee! A
guy has got to have a little somethin’,
doin’ this all night stuff.”

  “ Right you are, bo,” admitted the
guardian of the portal, who proved to
be a waiter. “ Come on in and wet your
t’roat. An’ while you’re buyin’, remem-
ber they’s others got a t’oist, same as
y’self.”

  “ Sure,” said Burly, “ Go’s far’s you
like, feller.”

  The room into which he had been ad-
mitted was an ordinary “ back room,”
not crowded. A few forlorn-looking bon-
vivants sat drinking at the sloppy tables.
Burly ordered a rye, and when no one
was looking, emptied it into the cuspi-
dor. He paid for it and for a glass of
beer for the waiter. Then he got up
and moved toward the street, stepping
into the small entrance hall from which
the door opened to the sidewalk.

  But Burly did not use this exit; in-
stead he softly pulled open a door which
formed the third side of the little vesti-
bule and disclosed what he had hoped
for—a stairway. Without that justly
celebrated hesitation with which angels
are supposed to approach the resorts of
the silly, Burleson ascended the stairs
seeking such adventures as might befall.

  The stairway was narrow, and its con-
fining walls covered with greasy, tattered
wall-paper. At the top a hallway ran
toward the shadowy rear of the building.
Burly walked the length of this corridor,
treading softly, listening. Unrewarded,
he turned, moved toward the front of the
house, and mounted a second flight. On
the third floor the hallway duplicated
the' one beneath it, save that it smelled
less rancidly of stale food, liquor, and to-
bacco.

  The young man walked slowly rear-
ward—then, suddenly stopped. From
behind a door came the sound of voices.

  Burly hugged close to the door frame
and strained every nerve in his attempt
to gain some tangible idea of the con-
versation. He distinguished the peremp-
tory tones of Grady and Skanks’s asth-
matic whine; then the thready notes of
Reggie Van Ambrose filtered out to him.
There was a fourth and unfamiliar voice,
too, doubtless that of Joe Kenney.

  “ Nice rats’ nest,” thought Burly.

  He caught only fragmentary phrases,
occasional words. But as he listened if
seemed as if there was some disagree-
ment, some recrimination. The speakers
became less guarded. Burly distin-
guished, plainer than anything else, the
oaths and epithets with which the collo-
quy was punctuated.

  A shorthand reporter, putting down
the coherent sounds as he could catch
them, would have made a record some-
thing like this:

  “ Fatheads—damn—get rid of—your-
self in this—how the hell did we—inside
with the dame—hell of a mess—expect
me to get you out of—very risky bus—
damn blundering fools—pretty coarse—
back home without raising the devil—
proxy half signed—I’ll go in and inter-
view—she’s locked—cursed young Jones
—my goat—never meant to kidnap—
next room—all up the river—”

  This much Burly gathered; that Grady
was finding fault with the two yeggmen
for bungling their job; that the gang
was in a position from which only
Grady’s adroitness could by any possi-
bility effect an escape; that Mrs. Col-
chester was held a prisoner in the next
room; that Grady proposed to interview
her; and that the serious problem con-
fronting the gang was to get rid of the
lady, presumably by returning her un-
harmed to her own home.

  Over this ground the quartet wran-
gled again and again, and it was by their
constant repetition that Burly, in a long
ten minutes, could piece together any
logical idea of the situation.

  Convinced that by further eavesdrop-
ping he only increased his danger with-
THE STEP-LIVELIES.

75

out addipg to his information, Burly
moved along to the next door. No
sound came from within. He knocked
gently, once, twice, a third time. It
seemed as if he heard the swish of femi-
nine apparel. Bending over, he placed
his mouth close to the keyhole and said,
distinctly but very softly:

  “Mrs. Colchester!”

  Then he waited a few seconds, after
which interval he repeated the call.

  “Mrs. Colchester!”

  Then he listened, and heard, through
the keyhole:

  “ Who is it?”

  “ It’s Burly Jones.”

  “ Thank God. Can you get me out?”
“ Listen, Mrs. Colchester. If you will
be patient I think you will soon be taken
home. Don’t worry; they don’t intend
to harm you. I haven’t any time to
spare. They may catch me here. They’re
wrangling in there—can’t you hear
them?”

  “ No; there is a little passageway
with two doors between these rooms.”

  “ Listen, Mrs. Colchester. I am go-
ing to ask you to do a heroic thing.
You are perfectly safe. But your re-
lease may be a matter of hours. I’m go-
ing to throw my fountain-pen through
the transom, if I can open it; then I’ll
push a proxy blank under the door. Will
you sign it, in father’s favor?”

  “ Yes, Burly, I will. I’ve got to trust
some one. This is a terrible position.”
“ Quick, then.”

  Burly put a foot on the knob, drew
himself up and gave the sash of the tran-
som a vigorous push. It yielded a crack,
and he dropped the pen into the room.
Presently the white slip came sliding
under the door, bearing the signature of
Helena Urquhart Colchester.

  “ Good,” shrilled Burly, through the
keyhole. “Now I’m going; but be sure
you will come to no harm.”

  He hardly waited for Mrs. Colches-
ter’s quavering farewell, but was off
down the corridor, risking not another
minute in that perilous vicinity.

  The room in which Joe Kenney and
Teddo the Tailor had locked Mrs. Bry-
ant Colchester was small, and dingy, and
ill-ventilated. Mrs. Colchester, high
bred, fastidious, scrupulous, suffered a
thousand nightmares.

  Buriy’s keyhole message, charged With
hope for the future, could hardly miti-
gate the odious discomfort of the pres-
ent. The imprisoned lady sat on a
wooden chair and waited an agony of
years. She was scarcely reassured by
the young man’s promise of speedy de-
liverance, and almost wished she had
asked him to call the police. Still, if she
could escape the publicity which must
inevitably follow any participation by
the police, she would gladly endure such
discomfort as might be necessary.

  A key rattled in the lock and Grady
suddenly appeared from the next room.
He was haggard, disheveled and—yes, he
looked as if he had been fighting.

  “Ah, Mrs. Colchester, thank God,
thank God you are safe!” he cried, with
so convincing a note of solicitude in his
voice that Mrs. Colchester’s belief in his
good will remained unshaken. “ What a
terrible experience! I’ve been through
the most horrible things to get to you.
Grace called me and asked me to find
you—I couldn’t imagine you were in
such danger. I’m nearly torn in pieces;
I suppose I’ve been nearer death to-
night than I ever was before or ever
shall be again. I had to do it without
any help from the police—I knew you’d
wish that, if possible.”

  Mrs. Colchester began to cry, with re-
lief, with gratitude, with self-pity.

  “ Oh, Mr. Grady,” she sobbed, “ how
can I ever thank you?”

  “ You don’t need to thank me, dear
Mrs. Colchester. One doesn’t wish to
be thanked for such a thing. Now we
must leave here as soon as we can. My
private detective is down-stairs, keeping
watch, and we can get out all right.”

  “ I’m certainly ready,” breathed Mrs.
Colchester. She felt quite ill from fa-
tigue, anxiety, and, most of all, reaction.
76

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Grady gallantly offered his arm, and
together they passed out of that ill-
omened place. At the street door a
small, shabby, and leather-faced citizen
touched his cap politely to Grady.

  “ You’ve done splendid work to-night,
Gibson,” said Grady, rather pompously.
“ I suppose you’re going to stay around
here a while to see if you get any clue
to those fellows.”

  “ I guess I’d better,” agreed the
leather-faced man. Mrs. Colchester
observed that he had only one eye.

  Grady assisted his rescued companion
into the taxicab, gave the driver the
Colchester street and number, and
Chauffeur Burleson Jones speedily got
under way.

  “ That,” said Grady, referring to the
leather-faced man, “ is one of the clev-
erest private detectives in New York,
Mrs. Colchester. But for his assistance
I doubt if I could have located you.”

  But just as the cab pulled away from
the curb, Private Detective “ Gibson,”
catching sight of the chauffeur’s face in
a slant of light from a street lamp, start-
ed violently, peered after the now rapid-
ly moving vehicle, and exclaimed:
“Well, I’ll be damned!”

   Then he disappeared through the ladies’
entrance of Billy Cratty’s.

CHAPTER XI.

THE ROUND-UP.

“j\ yrOTHER, mother dear!” cried
I y I Grace Colchester, clasping the
rescued lady to her bosom,
“ where have you been?”

  “ My child,” cried Mrs. Colchester,
“ I wish I never need tell you; it’s been
dreadful, dreadful. I’m lucky to be
alive, my dear, and I feel as if I owe my
life to Mr. Grady. Oh, Grace dear,
you’ll never thank him enough.”

  “ Yes,” said Grace, in an oddly cool
little voice, “ I asked Mr. Grady for
help. I thought he’d know exactly where
to find you.”

   Grady, startled at this curioi^ speech,
looked at Grace. The girl returned his
stare with a smile, somewhat enigmatic.

  “ I’m sure Mr. Grady was glad to—
do what he could,” she said. “ He’s not
the—er—sort one can thank for—doing
the chivalrous thing.”

  Grady was puzzled. He decided to
take this last remark as a compliment.

  “ Thank you, Miss Grace,” he said
humbly. “ I appreciate that.”

  “ Come into the office, Mr. Grady,”
invited Mrs. Colchester. “ Grace, dear,

I think you’d better call some one and
have a cup of coffee and some sand-
wiches made. Oh, Mr. Grady, what an
extraordinary night! It must be nearly
four o’clock.”

  “ Oh, that’s not so late,” cried Grady
with affected lightness. “ Think of it,
lots of people are dancing at the caba-
rets now. I suppose this is really the
shank of the evening.”

  They passed on into the office, Grace
lingering in the hall. When they were
out of sight, Grace opened the front door
and admitted Chauffeur Jones.

  “Great work, dear!!” whispered
Grace.

  “ Oh, I don’t know,” doubted Burly.
“ Grady would have brought her home
anyhow. They had her in a place way
down on Eighth Street, and were afraid
to keep her there. She still thinks
Grady’s her best friend; hasn’t the least
suspicion of his connection with those
burglars. Now, Gracie, let me at a tele-
phone, quick—one where I can put in a
few calls without being overheard.”

  In the office, Mrs. Bryant Colchester
sat, half-exhausted, in a big leather chair,
while Harrison Grady, near by, talked
soothingly for the benefit of her over-
wrought nerves.

“A very narrow escape, very narrow,”
he was saying. “ I call that the boldest
attempt at abduction I’ve ever heard of.”
“ Yes,” said Mrs. Colchester wearily.
“ There are several odd features about
it,” went on Grady. He laid before his
THE STEP-LIVELIES.

77

hostess a somewhat crumpled bit of pa-
per. It was the proxy with the incom-
plete signature.

  “ Your daughter gave me this,” he
said. “ Would you mind telling me
where you really were when you started
to sign this document? Miss Grace be-
lieves you signed it after your return
from Mr. Pawson’s, and that you were
interrupted by the housebreakers.”

  Mrs. Colchester studied the paper in a
dazed way. She turned it over and over,
as one examines something that is quite
unfamiliar.

  “ Perhaps,” said Grady, smiling, “ as
it is so nearly completed, and as you
evidently intended to carry out your
agreement with Mr. Pawson when you
filled out and attached the greater part
of your name to this form, you might as
well finish the signature; and I’ll witness
it. Then I’ll take the matter of the
agreement up with Mr. Pawson again, at
once, before morning—”

  Mrs. Colchester was staring at the
speaker with a kind of blank incompre-
hension.

  “ I’m sure you’ll be glad to trust me,”
went on Grady, “ after all that has hap-
pened.”

  “I — don’t understand—you,” said
Mrs. Colchester. In her eyes suddenly
gleamed that old, hard light which de-
noted her sense of commercial verities.
More than that, it denoted suspicion, even
rising anger. “ I think you—er—don’t
know what you’re asking, Mr. Grady. I
never signed this, even partially. And I
wasn’t abducted, either. I happened to
be in Mr. Pawson’s limousine when those
two thieves appropriated it. I wonder if
you—you really did go through so much
to rescue me? I should have thought the
thieves would have found me something
of a white elephant—something they
would be glad to get rid of.”

  Mrs. Colchester’s tones were as icy as
the Arctic wind.

  “ Oh, Mrs. Colchester, how can you say
that?” cried Grady, his voice full of the
sense of injury.

  “ That writing,” went on the lady, “ is
not mine. It is my daughter’s.”

  At this moment Grace entered.

  “ Oh, that?” she asked lightly. “ Of
course.”

  She looked across the room at Grady,
and her gaze was full of malice and not
entirely without a trace of triumphant
amusement.

  “Good God!” cried Grady, springing
up. “ You’ve—you’ve been—”

  “ Fooling you, Mr. Grady, fooling you.
Haven’t we, Burly?”

  She raised her voice with the last
query, and Chauffeur Jones stepped into
the room.

  “ Hello, Grady,” he said coolly.
“ Jig’s up, old man.”

  With a snarl, Grady sprang for the
door.

  In an instant Burly Jones was upon
him.

  “ No, you don’t,” cried Burly. “ You
stay right here in our—ugh—our midst.
Stop that, you devil, or I’ll—here, no
gouging. Look out, man, your arm
’11 break—”

  Mrs. Colchester screamed and fell
back. Grace ran forward and would have
lent her lover the best aid at her com-
mand.

  “ No, no, Grace,” panted Burly. “ I
can—can handle him all—all right. Look
out; better get your mother—no, you
don’t, my boy. I’m onto that little trick.
Well, if you really must have it—ugh!”
Mrs. Colchester screamed again, wild-
ly, and Grace shuddered, huddling back
against the door frame, but unwilling to
leave the room. She watched the struggle
with a dreadful fascination.

  “ Want another, Grady? I’ve got a—
a—better one than that—old Fitz—Fitz-
simmons taught me one—I—I—hate to
hit in a clinch, but—there, down—we—
go. Got enough? I bet!”

  He had brought his man to the floor
with a crash, his face pressed into the
rug; then, with a cruelly twisting grip,
brought the vanquished man’s hands be-
hind him and pinioned them securely,
78

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

meanwhile sitting astride the prostrate
body.

  “Good God, Jones, don’t!” cried
Grady. “ I can’t stand that; you’re kill-
ing me! ”

  “ Got a gun?”

  “ No; I swear I’m not armed.”

  “ And you won’t fight any more, or try
to escape?”

  “ I promise—I promise. For God’s
sake, Jones, please—”

  “ All right, then, get up,” remarked his
conqueror.

  Grady, released, scrambled to his feet
and stood back against the wall, shorn of
every manly grace and attribute. He was
pitiable, abject, emptied of all his airs
and bombast like a collapsed lav figure.

  “ What’s this?” asked Grace, stooping.
She picked up a little sheaf of papers,
which she placed in Buriy’s hand.

  “ Yours?” asked Burly of Grady.
  Grady nodded.

  “I’ll run through ’em.”

  “ Do you call that a gentlemanly thing
to do?” demanded Grady with a show of
spirit.

  “ No,” said Burly; “ it wouldn’t be if
I were dealing with any part of a gentle-
man. Hello, what’s this?”

  The papers were mostly letters, to
which Burly paid little attention. But
one was a slip, folded once, bearing an
agreement by Morris Pawson and others
to reimburse Mr. Harrison Grady to the
extent of one hundred thousand dol-
lars—

  “Well, well!” cried Burly jubilantly.
“ This explains it all. Here, Grady, you
can have your stuff, all but this. Now,
folks, let’s go take a little taxi-ride.”

  “ Oh, no,” objected Mrs. Colchester.

  “ Where to?” asked Grace.

  “ Spoken like a true sport,” observed
Burly. “To me pay-rental abode, good
people. How’d you like that, Grady?”
Grady only scowled.

  “ I want you to meet my father,” went
on Burleson Jones. “ He’s a fine fellow;
he’ll be delighted to know you, Grady.
There’s so much you can tell him.”

  “ I won’t tell him a thing,” said Grady
sullenly.

  “ Tut, tut, and two pshaws! Don’t
put on airs. Mrs. Colchester, you will
please lead the way, with Grace. I’ll just
come along with our friend here. He
needs company.”

  The two ladies, Mrs. Colchester under
protest, entered the taxi. Grady obedi-
ently mounted the seat beside Burly. »
“ Now, Grady, no fooling,” .warned
Burly. “ You can’t get away. Try to
make a bolt and I’ll catch you sure. I
did the hundred in ten and two-fifths in
college, and moreover when I do catch
you I’ll injure you for life.”

  There was a grimness in the young
man’s tone which convinced Grady of the
hopelessness of escape. He sat in
despondent silence until the Jones resi-
dence was reached.

  Burly let the party in with his night-
key, turned on numerous lights, and be-
gan ringing bells. The privileged Whim-
son appeared with surprising promptness,
though with a puzzled vagueness in his
face indicating a half-awakened state.

  “ Whimson.” directed Burly, “ call
father, please.” He led the way to the
vast drawing-room on the second floor.

  “ Ladies and—Mr. Grady, be seated.
Mr. J. Square-Top Jones, my honored
parent, will shortly be amid our ’mongst.
I will promise you some good old-
fashioned meller-drama, served in the
jacket. Perhaps I should offer you some
refreshment.”

  Mrs. Colchester and her daughter de-
clined; but in Grady’s eye Burly detected
a pathetic appeal.

  “ Whimson,” said the young man,
“ some Scotch—or shall it be something
else? Oh, brandy? A little soda, too?
Very well. Whimson, for Mr. Grady a
brandy and soda, and for me one tall
glass of water.”

He spoke with exaggerated politeness.
Grace giggled nervously; Mrs. Colchester,
haggard from fatigue, sighed and closed'
her tired, smarting eyes. Such a night!
“ Well, well,” cried Jonas, entering the
THE STEP-LIVELIES.

79

room five minutes later; “ quite a little
party, quite a nice little party. Mrs. Col-
chester, how are you? I’m glad to see
you. And Grace—goodness me, you’ve
taken quite a shine to our humble abode.”
“ Mr. Grady, my father,” put in Burly.
“ Father, shake hands with a rising finan-
cier; that is, if you’re not particular.”
“Burly!” cried Grace. “How ungen-
erous!”

  “ I’m sorry,” said Burly. “ Beg par-
don, Grady. Very rude of me, eh?”
Grady arose and bowed stiffly to Jonas
Jones, but did not extend his hand. The
older man had made a step forward, but
checked himself. An embarrassing silence
followed, till Jonas said:

  “ I’ll shake hands with you, Grady.
Why not? An honest handshake never
hurt any one, eh?”

  “ Now,” said Burly, “ how much do
you wish to tell my father, Grady, and
how much do you want me to tell him?”
“ I seem to be in your hands,” said
Grady, with a wry smile. “ You can’t
expect me to commit myself. I suppose
I’ll have to take my medicine.”

“ All right,” agreed Burly cheerfully.
“ Let’s begin at the ending. Exhibit A.”
He laid before his father Mrs. Colches-
ter’s proxy, made out in Jonas Jones’s
favor.

  “ Well, well, Mrs. Colchester,” cried
Jonas. “ That’s mighty fine, mighty fine.
I’m relieved. Miss Grace, I suppose I
can thank you for that?”

  “ Thank Burly,” said Grace, dimpling.
“ Thank Mrs. Colchester,” advised
Burly. “ She’s been through one stren-
uous night; Grace and I’ve been—er—
merely having fun, haven’t we, Grace?
Now, Exhibit B.”

  He gave his father the half-forged
proxy, product of his own and Grace’s
combined ingenuity.

  “ You might have that framed,” Burly
observed dryly. “ It’s the only one in
captivity. It looks like a narrow escape
—but it isn’t. Still, it has tender asso-
ciations.”

  Jonas examined the proxy with its in-

complete signature, his face wrinkling in
a perplexed frown.

  “ You young folks move too fast for
me,” he said.

  “ We step lively,” agreed his son.
“ Now, if you please, father, let me bring
to your distinguished attention Exhibit
C, wherein lies the means whereby we
decipher—”

  “Great Scott!” cried Jonas, scrutiniz-
ing the memorandum given Grady by
Pawson, Crather, and associates. “ Mr.
Grady, I understand; you tried to forge
Mrs. Col—”

  “ No, he didn’t,” snapped Burly.
“ Grace produced that little triumph of
penmanship. Mr. Grady is the blameless
youth, squire of ladies in distress, and
hero of the gallery gods. He it was who,
at risk of life and limb, rescued Mrs. Col-
chester from the clutches of two mur-
derous villains—two, count ’em.”

  “ For God’s sake, don’t!” cried Grady.
“ This is awful. Let me say a word or
two, will you, Jones?”

  “ Go as far as you like,” consented
Burly graciously.

  “ Mr. Jones,” began Grady, plucking
up courage, “ I have been employed as a
broker by Mr. Pawson and his associates.
That memorandum was given me to indi-
cate their willingness to reward me for
work in their behalf—perfectly legitimate
effort, to induce Mrs. Colchester to pool
her interests with theirs. At somewhere
around one-thirty this morning two
thieves broke into Mrs. Colchester’s house
and stole a quantity of valuables; also,
in some way, they appropriated a limou-
sine belonging to Mr. Pawson and carried
Mrs. Colchester away in it.

  “ Miss Grace telephoned to my club
and asked my assistance. I immediately
employed a private detective and located
the thieves, though I failed to recover the
plunder. I think it will be restored, how-
ever. But I certainly did succeed in
extricating Mrs. Colchester from a very
serious if not absolutely dangerous situa-
tion.

  “ That forged proxy was, I presume,
80

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

intended as a sort of decoy. Miss Grace
and your son admit they tried to fool me,
and to an extent they did so, by concerted
misstatements. I have not yet been able
to understand just where to draw the line
between their deceit and the real facts.
But it is clear that Miss Grace made an
appeal to my chivalry to which I was
prompt to respond—”

  “Ha-ha!” It was Burly Jones who
thus crudely and rudely broke in upon
Grady’s glib explanation. “ Don’t make
me laugh, Grady. It’s too serious. Let’s
quit fooling and get down to ‘ real facts,’
as you call them.

  “ Father, Pawson and his crowd em-
ployed Grady to induce Mrs. Colchester
to play in their yard, by any means neces-
sary. He tried mild measures first.
Then, failing in that, thanks to Grace’s
cleverness, he sent a couple of hired thugs
up to Mrs. Colchester’s house.

  “ They stole a lot of stuff, but slipped
up in the main object of their visit, which
I believe was to drug or otherwise disable
Mrs. Colchester to prevent her participa-
tion in the affairs of the Greystone Sys-
tem, and enable Pawson and his crowd
to dominate your stockholders’ meeting.

  “ Unfortunately, or fortunately, Mrs.
Colchester actually fell into their hands.
It was more than they bargained for,
because you can’t kidnap a woman of
Mrs. Colchester’s importance and get
away with it.

  “ Now, I had the good luck to dis-
cover Grady’s connection with this
scheme. I’m a professional taxi-driver,
and believe me, I’ve done a rushing busi-
ness this night. Never mind details now,
but Grace and I planned a little scheme
to trap our friend Grady, and as a result
I was able to track him, locate the bur-
glars and the prisoner, and see just how
our hero, Mr. H. Galahad Grady, pulled
off his now justly celebrated rescue act.
Grady, you’re a slick one; but that
hundred-thousand-dollar bait got your
goat! ”

  “ Look here,” cried Grady, “ your story
sounds all right; but you can’t prove a

thing. You haven’t a bit of criminal
evidence against me—”

  “ WTait a moment,” said Burly, and left
the room.

  Grady fell to arguing in his own
defense, but Jonas Jones turned a stony
face and a deaf ear. Grace and her
mother maintained a silence, alert on
Grace’s part but somewhat apathetic upon
that of the wearied Mrs. Colchester.

  “ I was calling up my friends at head-
quarters,” explained Burly, reappearing.
“ I am informed that Messrs. Joseph Ken-
ney, the burglar taxi-driver, and Reginald
Van Ambrose, alias Teddo the Tailor,
alias the Fifth Avenue Atom, are now in
durance vile; that the police have all the
stolen valuables; and that, unfortunately,
the Hon. T. Panther Skanks, attorney and
counselor at law, has not yet been located.

  “ Presumably Kenney and his pal can
be induced, by the well-known and
effectual methods of police science, to tell
what they know, in order to make their
stay up the river as brief as possible. I
understand they are eagerly awaiting
their friend Grady, who is expected
shortly to join them, or at least to occupy
a commodious apartment within call.”
Grady started to his feet and moved
toward the door.

  “ There’s a large, unsympathetic po-
liceman just outside that portiere,” re-
marked Burly; and Grady collapsed.

  “ Now,” went on Burly, “ I hate to
monopolize the conversation, but I’ll just
add that Morris Pawson and his friend
Crather will be here soon, in the expecta-
tion of driving a sharp bargain with their
opponent, affectionately known in Waif
Street at Square-Top Jones.”

  “ Burleson, my son,” remarked his fa-
ther, “ if you could monopolize a more
expensive commodity as well as you con-
trol conversation, you’d have us old Wall-
Streeters begging for pennies. Between
you and Grace, you’ve pretty nearly
spoiled my night’s rest, too.”

  At this moment the ubiquitous Whim-
son announced the arrival of Messrs.
Pawson and Crather.
THE STEP-LIVELIES.

81

  “ Show ’em up, Whimson,” directed his
employer.

  The faces of the two new arrivals upon
perceiving the make-up of the company
assembled in their opponent’s drawing-
room would have made a movie director
froth with jealousy. They registered in
rapid succession the emotions of surprise,
chagrin, and anger, in all their variations.

  “ What—what the dev—what does this
mean, Jones?” demanded Pawson
roughly.

  “ Lord, Pawson, I’m not the master
of ceremonies. Ask the boy; he’ll tell
you.”

  “ What’s Grady doing here?” demanded
Pawson.

  “ Waiting to go to jail,” suddenly
snapped Burly. “ Want to go with him?”

  “ What d’you mean?”

  “ You employed him in criminal activ-
ities—”

  “ Damn lie! ” roared Pawson. “ Ain’t
it a lie, Crather?”

  “ Yes,” confirmed Crather sadly, u it
certainly is.”

  “ We’ve got it in writing,” observed
Burly. “ Incidentally, Mr. Pawson, I can
tell you where you can find the limousine
used to-night by your select employees to
abduct Mrs. Colchester—”

  “ The hell—”

  “ I don’t like your language, Mr. Paw-
son,” warned Burly. “ Now I’ll turn you
over to father; he’s got something to say
to you.”

  “ How would you like to go to jail with
Grady?” asked Jonas in the pleasant tone
of solicitude he might have used in in-
viting them for a yachting cruise. “ We’ve
got a policeman handy, Burly says, who’d
be proud to arrest a couple of distin-.
guished financiers like you.”

  “ Say, Jones,” cried Pawson, turning
an unwholesome shade of green, “ you
haven’t got anything on us. I distinctly
warned this man Grady against anything
rough; my agreement with him is strictly
legit—”

  “ See these names?” demanded Jones.
“ Every man who signed this memoran-

     6	A-s

dum will be in jail to-morrow night, unless
they happen to be where the police can’t
find ’em; and I judge that would be quite
a considerable distance from New York
City.

  “ Come; this is as good a time to start
as any; I suppose you’d like to warn the
other two, and go home and pack up your
tooth-brushes and shaving things. Good
morning, gentlemen!”

  Pawson and Crather looked futilely
from one face to another, and each
fastened upon the unfortunate Grady a
look which indicated that he alone was
responsible for the entire collapse of their
plans.

  “ Broke again,” remarked Pawson
hoarsely. “ Broke again, ain’t we, Cra-
ther?”

  “ Broke again, Morris,” echoed the sad
Mr. Crather; and together the two men
made a slinking exit.

  “ Now, folks,” went on Jonas Jones,
“ I’m sorry to seem inhospitable, but I’d
honestly feel more comfortable if Mr.
Grady—”

  He stopped, and Harrison Grady
arose.

  “ Good-by, Grady,” said Jonas. “ You
seem to be the goat. There’s a lot more
of you in Wall Street. Maybe I’ll give
Burly a job rounding ’em up. I can’t
really say I’m very sorry for you, young
man. You have brains, and you’ve mis-
used ’em; good material gone to waste.
Step along now; it’s too bad to keep that
policeman waiting.”

  Half an hour later Mr. Jonas Jones en-
tertained at breakfast his son Burly, his
son’s fiancee, Miss Grace Colchester, and
that young lady’s weary but now philo-
sophic mother.

  “Good gracious!” suddenly exclaimed
Grace. “ Burly dear, did you ever pay
poor Mr. Grady his thousand dollars?”

  “ Goodness, no! How careless of
me!”

  “ What’s that?” demanded Jonas.

  “ Poker,” said Burly. “ Guess that’s
what started the whole business.”
82

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ He’ll need it,” said Grace.

  “ When he gets out?” queried Burly.
“Oh, well,” twinkled Grace, looking
slyly across the table at her father-in-law-
to-be, “ we can pay it out of our profits
and still have thirty thousand or so left.”
“ And square Eaton for the difference
between my pay and the use of his taxi-
cabs all night,” suggested Burly.

  “ What are you young ones raving
about?” asked Jonas.

  Grace jumped up and ran around to the
old gentleman’s side.

  “ It was a mean trick,” she cooed, “ but
Burly and I made a little something on
that transaction in Greystone—you know;
you pay us 115—but mother ’11 sell to
Burly and me for 113.”

  “You little hyena!” scolded Jonas.
“ You mean to say you trimmed me?
Honestly, child, I half suspected you were
putting something over. We’ll have to
take you into the railroad business.”

  “ We?”

  “ Burly and I. Transportation seems

(The

 to be his long suit. It isn’t such a big
 jump from taxi-driving to, say, train
 conductor, eh?”

   “ Well, just so I’m still to be a working
 man’s bride,” pouted Grace. “ The idea
 is such a nice, novel one.”

   “ You can bet the wife of any man
 employed by the Greystone is a working
 man’s bride, my dear. And that goes,
 from the engine-wipers up.”

   “ Father Jones,” suddenly cried Grace,
 “ my conscience bothers me. If I let you
 have our stock—mother’s and mine—for
 113, will you give us the thousand?
 Never mind the thirty. And will you
 really give Burly a good job—well, some-
 thing like vice-president or general man-
 ager of the Greystone System? You
 know he’s got the ability—”

   “ Whimson,” said Jonas, “ give me
 another cup of coffee. Grace dear, look
 at your poor mother—actually fallen
 asleep in her chair. Wonder what time
 it is? Great Scott, it’s exactly six
 o’clock!”

 end .)

     rr	rr	rr

THE GARDEN OF BOOKS

       BY MARGARET G. HAYS

            THERE’S no sunshine in my garden,

             Just a dim and hallowed peace;

              There are aisles and groves of history
              ^Vhere my soul finds full release;

              There are hedges thick, of science,

              Sparkling founts of poesy,

             Wondrous blooms of love and romance,

              Thickets dark, of mystery.

              Oft I linger in my garden

              With the bright minds of all ages,

            The immortals—Burns and Chaucer,

              Sophocles, and modern sages.

            Am I lonely? No, no—never!

            They wait for me—day or night—

             For my spirit knows the password
             To a garden of delight.

I
cf Lillian E>.

Hunl

A “DIFFERENT” STORY

  N the twinkling of an eye he shot past
  me.

     The reception-hall was shaded, but
the massive gilt mirror at the far end,
scintillating under twin clusters of light,
caught his image and held it for an in-
stant.

  A clean-cut fellow he was, an artist in
appearance, slender and agile—a young
man with a face at once fascinating and
repellent. The features showed the rav-
ages of dissipation, of poverty, and unful-
filled ambition. The cheeks were hollow
and of a bluish pallor; the eyes wildly
startled, like those of the hunted deer.

  Under the rembrandt, banded with
black, hung straight, wet wisps of hair
whose tawny glint harmonized well with
the stains of modeling clay on hands and
sculptor’s apron. But what startled me
most in that brief glimpse of him was a
great wound in the center of his fore-
head, seared and livid, like the brand of
a murderer.

  For a quarter hour at least I had been
pacing the open conservatory in the right
wing of the reception-hall which, in the

form of a broad balcony, overlooks the
boxwood shrubbery and terrace-gardens.
The heavy fragrance of blossoms with the
drowsy damp of the river air had gone
to my head like a drug.

  I felt unsteady, uncertain. The studio
garments I wore actually burdened my
brain and clogged my steps, for I seemed
to be searching, searching everywhere—*
for what? Well, I hardly knew. For
some time my memory had played the
knave with me. It was simply that na-
ture had turned Shylock and was exacting
from the prodigal even more than her
rightful pound.

  There were times of late when, without
warning, my head would spin and seethe,
and my body quiver in a frenzy. Such
attacks invariably left my nerves in
shreds, and made the dread of the future
unspeakably terrifying. To-night I
seemed both unnerved and fearful. The
perfumed air of the balcony oppressed
me, the shrubbery below haunted me.

  Thus, in striding up and down, I felt
that something extraordinary had hap-
pened. The very atmosphere in its heavi-
84

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

ness breathed mystery. I peered over the
trim lawns set with flower-beds and cone-
cut bays, and back again at the dense wall
of shrubbery barely distinguishable in the
wan starlight.

  I stared inside the reception-hall, shad-
dowed save for the clusters of light over
the mirror at the far end, and, staring,
I stumbled; something crackled and shiv-
ered under my feet.

  Perhaps you know the shock of stum-
bling when the nerves are keyed to a cer-
tain tension. Perhaps you have heard
that sharp, crunching sound that tingles
through your tense body like a sword-
thrust, and leaves you weak and trem-
bling!

  Well, I found myself tottering in a mass
of broken porcelain, and, looking down,
noticed hundreds of fragments scattered
about the- tiled pavement. At first I was
puzzled, and yet I should have known.

  With no feeling other than sadness, I
bent and gathered a few of the frag-
ments in my shaking hands. They
startled me with a fiendish suggestion.
Even as I handled them, they flashed in
my eyes wicked as witch-fires, they dart-
ed serpents’ fangs at me and glowed a
vivid scarlet. I flung them over the
balustrade in a quick revulsion of feeling,
and they fell, sparkling and clinking, on
the concrete path below.

  At that very instant there came to me
the muffled sound of voices and the slow
tramp of feet. I counted five silhouettes
in the group, and the foremost carried a
large-sized pocket flash-light which re-
volved persistently at every step.

  Naturally I was curious to learn their
errand, and in my eagerness groped my
way over heaps of broken plants, earth,
and pottery to a long gap in the floral
ranks where I could lean over the balus-
trade with ease.

  The men paused directly beneath me
and, as I had surmised, pounced head-
long on the brilliant bits of porcelain,
jabbering and gesticulating like true na-
tives of the jungle. Of course, I laughed
aloud—it was so absurd, so contemptible,

their clawing over those atoms in their
puny efforts at deduction. And as I
laughed the glare of the electric lantern
shot upward—full in my face.

  The smile froze on my lips. I was
blinded, alarmed, too; but what of that?
I merely dropped to my knees and hud-
dled there in the darkness.

  This incident happened directly before
I saw the strange man in the mirror—I
rushed quickly back into the house just
in time to see him pass. He startled me,
too, because he was so close to me, not
more than an arm’s length away.

  I sprang back from him in momentary
fright—and suddenly he was gone. There
wasn’t the faintest trace of him any-
where; yet his image was still clear and
distinct in my mind—the wild, protruding
eyes, the haggard face, the scarlet mark
on the forehead.

  For ten minutes, perhaps, I moved
about that portion of the hall where he
had been, watching and listening for an-
other sign of his presence. Then, impelled
by the wariness of his footfall and the
weird terror in his face, I began to ex-
plore the adjoining parlors and library.

  But he had vanished.

  Certainly, then, he was the criminal!
Why did I think so? I didn’t know. All
that concerned me was that a suspicious
young man lurked beneath my brother’s
roof.

  I leaned against the newel-post and
considered. It still lacked two hours of
midnight, and Harmon had hosts of
friends whom I had never met and who
would be likely to drop in after dinner
for a round of cards or billiards. Yet, I
felt this visitor was no ordinary one, and
decided to lose no time in rallying the
servants and running him down.

  I whirled around toward the nearest
push-bell, but before I could place a fin-
ger upon it there came to my ears the
noise of loud thumping and the pro-
longed buzzing of an electric bell. By
intent listening I concluded that the well-
spring of sound was the main front door
which opened upon the verandas. Evi-
THE MAN IN

THE MIRROR.

85

dently, then, my visitors of the terrace
had decided to go further into the heart
of things.

  I stood quiet for a moment. I hardly
knew where to go or what to do. If the
refugee was to be caught in my brother’s
house, should not the glory of the cap-
ture be mine? I had found him first;
to me belonged the praise and the reward.

  However, as I shifted from one foot to
the other in nervous uncertainty, I was
again amazed. In the midst of the ring-
ing and rapping the parlor portieres
swayed violently, and the man of the
mirror stood before me. He was ghastly,
and when he saw me he shivered and
raised his hand to hide the scar on his
forehead.

  “ What is it?” I shrilled at him.
“ What have you done?”

  He said nothing; his dry lips moved,
but made no sound. I was quick to see
the mockery of his attitude, and I reached
for him in a fury. But hardly had my
fist swung out than he vanished as be-
fore, even as a specter might have dis-
solved in air.

  All I remember is that I crashed into a
great gilt frame, and that the mirror
went swaying and straining like a thing
bewitched. When I regained my footing
there was nothing for me to see save the
portieres still swinging in his wake.

  This time I did not even try to follow
him. My one impulse was to compose
myself and tidy my person before open-
ing the door. I rushed into the coat-
room, tore off my outer garments, and
threw them on the floor. Then, quietly
and with a dignity befitting my Vaughan
ancestors, I opened the door, which by
this time was well-nigh parted from its
hinges.

  “ ‘ Diana ’ is not here! ” I explained
hastily to the five men without. “ She is
gone! A strange man with a strange scar
stole her. I tried to catch him, but
failed. He is still here. Search every
room! Guard every door!”

  After that my memory is a blank. But
it seems I must have remained in the

reception-room to await developments.
On a leather couch I huddled, sick and
very weak. My brain was throbbing,
and my fingers plucked the cushions in a
semidelirium.

  Finally I heard the tramp of returning
feet, and felt a strong hand on my shoul-
der. Raising my head, I instantly en-
countered the searching eyes of Detective
Robesart, a man of high standing in the
profession. I bowed socially, and while
doing so, recognized in his four associates
the servants of the house, including Dom-
bey, the chauffeur.

  “ Have you found him?” I questioned
feverishly.

  “ Not yet,” answered Robesart. “ At
least, no one answering his description.
Were you alone when you saw him?”

  I nodded. Robesart fastened his mag-
netic gaze upon me, examining me from
head to heel. He was a short man and
stout, with eyes like ebony pin-points and
a jaw of grim power. He was a man to
be feared, and I feared him.

  Quietly he swung about and stepped
outside on the veranda, the four attend-
ants and myself in close file behind him.
Once there, he paused abruptly and
turned to me.

  “ Go first, Mr. Vaughan,” he said.

  I asked no questions, but in a dim way
understood his request. I took the flash-
light from his hand and walked a straight
course to the shrubbery. Then, as the
servants crowded breathlessly about me,
my courage failed, and I slipped behind,
hoping they might be the first to make
the discovery.

  But they carried me with them, every
step, and forced me to level my light full
at the piteous object. I shrieked at the
bare glimpse of it, and tried to beat my
way back through the shrubbery. Fail-
ing in this, I stood quietly aside and
looked at it, timidly at first, then boldly,
then sorrowfully.

  It was the white marble torso of Har-
mon’s masterpiece — “ Diana in Flight,”
valued at a hundred thousand—the
“ Diana ” I had always worshiped and
86

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

coveted, had tried for years to imitate in
my humble attic workshop. It was
crushed to atoms.

  Robesart knelt for examination. And
as I dropped beside him and placed my
hand on a portion of the fair young head,
so piteously mutilated, a sudden, sharp
grief convulsed me, and I moaned and
wept uncontrollably.

  Who—oh, who could have done this
damnable act?

  But Robesart cut short my ravings.
With kindly patience and stern practica-
bility, he drew my attention to the ex-
quisite hands twined with the roots and
foliage of rare plants, the crumbled hair,
and the enfolding studio-curtain of sea-
green velvet glittering with flecks of rain-
bow porcelain.

  Beyond all question, she had been
thrown from a height—from the balcony
—after first being stolen from the draw-
ing-room!

  Again I screamed, and lurched forward.
Two of the servants lifted me to a stand-
ing position and stood on either side for
support.

  “ How did this happen?” Robesart
asked abruptly. “ Tell us, Mr. Vaughan.”

  Thus suddenly addressed, I must have
swooned. The shock had completely
wrecked my nerves. My tongue was stiff;
my head seemed to pound with a sledge-
hammer’s precision.

  “ I do not know,” I heard myself say-
ing in an unfamiliar voice. “ This is the
first I have seen her since my brother
Harmon left for New York at four
o’clock.”

  “ How, then, did you know of her de-
struction and the place?” Robesart con-
tinued.

  His eyes were gleaming at me with an
intensity that roused my fury. I felt in
his glance and in the tone of his blunt
questioning all the shafts and spear-points
of accusation.

  I glanced at him with stubborn de-
fiance, but said nothing.

  “ When you opened the door to us, a
half-hour ago, you stated that ‘ “ Diana ”

was gone,’ and you brought us here where
she lies,” the detective explained pa-
tiently. “ Therefore, the natural question
to ask you is, how did you learn of all
this?”

  “I surmised it!” I replied, cautioned
by the brutal menace in his tone. “ I
didn’t know positively!”

  Robesart turned to Lunston, the butler.
“ When did you last see this statue in
its accustomed place, Lunston?”

  “ Directly after tea, sir! ” was the an-
swer. “ I was carrying the silver tray,
sir, and I saw she had been moved to the
conservatory.”

  “ Was there any one else in the house
beside the servants?”

  “No one, sir!”

  “ Certainly no enemy, no suspicious
stranger?”

  Lunston denied such a possibility.

  “But there was a strange man!” I
shouted, enraged. “ I know there was,
for I saw him. I met him face to face—
I talked with him. If these hirelings here
had tended their duties and taken charge
of the house instead of crying ‘ Thief! ’
and racing away four strong, they might
have caught him easily.”

  “ I assure you, Mr. Vaughan,” Robe-
sart declared earnestly, “ if any human
being besides yourself was inside the house
when these men left it, he has not yet
escaped. Every door, every window from
roof to cellar was locked, and locked on
the inside—excepting the front door which
has been constantly guarded; every door,
every window is still locked on the inside
according to last investigation. The chef,
Pierre, had the presence of mind to order
all this done before giving the alarm—

  “ Perhaps you’d care to hear their ver-
sion of the affair, Mr. Vaughan,” he con-
tinued. “ According to their joint testi-
mony, the four servants were gathered in
the kitchen at dusk previous to the serving
of dinner. While there they were terrified
by a series of crashes that came from the
open conservatory where they had last
seen you at work on a small clay model
of the ‘ Diana.’
THE MAN IN THE MIRROR.

87

  “ Pierre and Lunston ventured imme-
diately into the reception-hall. The front
door stood wide open, and as they passed
they heard a heavy thud outside as of a
mass of stone falling from a height. To-
gether they examined the conservatory.
There was no sign' of human presence,
though they had every reason to believe
you were hiding there.”

   “ They lie!” I screamed, but the detec-
tive raised his hand imperatively and I
held my breath.

  “ They found the conservatory much
disturbed. Plants had been knocked
down and trampled upon; jardinieres and
flower-pots lay crushed among heaps of
black earth. There had been a struggle, a
fight to a finish, but the principals were
missing. ‘ Diana ’ was gone from her
pedestal; even the velvet draperies of her
niche were gone. They searched every
room and as they went along closed every
door and window.

  “ Lunston hastened to the telephone
and Dombey to the garage that he might
run out the car and pick up the first
policeman he met. The car, however,
had gone wrong. It could not be started
till a quarter-hour later when, with the
greatest possible despatch, they brought
me here. And,” he added, rising, “ here
I stay till I find my man.”

  “ He was in the house!” I exclaimed in
shrill treble. “ I saw him, studio-togs
and all!”

  Robesart stared at my blanched face.
“You’re not well, Mr. Vaughan!” he
said with sudden concern.

  Immediately the terrific pains in my
forehead returned. They were carrying
her in from the terrace—reverently as
though she were human dead, and I
shrieked like a maniac and tore the air
with clawlike fingers.

  However, they grappled with me and
poured a stimulant down my throat, and
in time the agony passed. I recognized
Robesart beside me.

  “The man in the mirror!” I cried.
“ Have you found him?”

  He shook his head thoughtfully.

  “ No person, strange or otherwise, has
been in the house, save ourselves,” he re-
plied. “ The place has been thoroughly
searched. However, I wish you to de-
scribe the fellow in detail. You say he
wore studio-clothes?”

  “ Yes, yes,” I replied in eager haste,
and then I frankly met his gaze and told
him all I remembered. During the recital
Robesart stood motionless, staring at me
till I was fully conscious of the great,
silent question in his piercing gaze.

   “ But there was no mysterious vandal! ”
he blurted out. “ There was no strange
man in the whole affair from start to
finish! He is merely a creature of your
imagination.”

“ What?” I roared, leaping to my feet,
snarling with anger. “ Do you mean—”
“ Candidly now, Mr. Vaughan, why
did you steal and destroy the famous
‘ Diana ’ ?” Robesart asked forcefully.

  “ Destroy the ‘ Diana ’ ! ” I howled.
“ How dare you—”

  “ Your forehead-—the brand on your
forehead!” he cried dramatically. “ Your
victim was marble, but she put the mur-
derer’s mark upon you that all men may
see and beware!”

  I clapped my hand to my head, be
wildered, fearful. A wound! A great
wound where the flesh had been broken!
I could actually feel it. The pain of it
was almost intolerable—how odd that I
had not noticed it before. Small wonder
that Robesart suspected me—

  Again I lost consciousness and for a
long time lay like one dead. At last
Robesart roused me.

  “ Mr. Vaughan,” he said with great
solemnity, “ while you were sleeping I
phoned your brother and physician in
New York. Dr. Rossmore has known
your family for generations and your own
personal history from the day of your
birth, and I may add that neither are
surprised at to-night’s affair!”

  “ You mean,” I raved, “ that‘they have
been expecting this thing of me?”

  “ They have imagined such an out-
come!”
88

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ What would be my motive?”

   “ Jealousy.” His lips were rigid. “ You
have failed in your chosen art—failed
miserably. What more natural than you
should be jealous of your brother Har-
mon’s success, and resenting his most
valuable work—”

   “Just so!” I exclaimed, shifting easily
into the thread of the argument. “ Why
shouldn’t Harmon divide with me? He
has fame and money and I’m a—a no-
body! ”

  “That’s exactly the motive!” was the
quiet answer. “ Are you ready to make
your confession?”

  “I have no confession!” I told him
fiercely. “ I deny the charge. I know
you believe me insane—you believe my
story of the real criminal in the mirror
a fabrication. Of course the strange mark
on my head is damning evidence, but—”
Robesart smiled whimsically. My teeth
began chattering and my shoulders shook.

  “ Lunston,” he called to one of the
men, “Go to the coat-closet and bring
Mr. Vaughan’s wraps!”

  I grasped his sleeve and he turned to-
ward me expectantly.

  “ You must find that man in the mir-
ror!” I chattered. “ There is a man and
you must be convinced of it! You must
insist upon his being found!”

  The detective nodded earnestly. As
the servant stepped forward with my
belongings, Robesart took the long, full,
sculptor’s apron in his hand.

  “ This is yours, Mr. Vaughan?”

  “ It is mine! ” I answered, ramming my
arms in the sleeves.

  “ And this?” He held a brown rem-
brandt in his hand which I recognized at
once by the shabby black velvet stretched
around its band.

  “Yes, mine!” I exQlaimed.

  I put on the cap and apron, not that
I felt the need of them, but because I
firmly believed I could convince him of
my innocence and make him my friend
for life—if only we might find the man—
Suddenly a subtle change swept over
his stern face and manner.

  “ I have news for you, Vaughan,” his
great voice boomed. “ Our investigation
is now ended! We have found the crim-
inal—the man of the mirror! Come in-
side! We need you for identification!”

  I tried to cry out my relief, my joy.
But I couldn’t.

  “ Come inside with us,” Robesart whis-
pered.*" Show us the man in the mirror!”

  I could only babble incoherent words
of delight. But even before I reached the
threshold the wound on my forehead
seethed and agonies unspeakable crashed
through my brain.

  The columns of the veranda spun
about me and I clung to both men for
support. But through it all I was con-
scious only that my innocence and ver-
acity were proved at last beyond all ques-
tion, and that I was about to see my
brother’s enemy again face to face.

  “ Your story is a plausible one, after
all!” Robesart was saying in a cool, mo-
notonous tone as we stumbled into the
vestibule.

  The electrolier had been turned out,
the reception-hall was shaded save for the
twin clusters of light twinkling over the
great gilt mirror at the far end. As Robe-
sart walked beside me, his face showed
a perceptible triumph, his eyes glittered
suspiciously.

  We traversed the hallway in silence,
and then I paused directly in front of the
mirror, and my heart ceased its beat.

  I simply stared straight ahead, and
there he stood—the vandal—the same
haunted face, the same bulging eyes,
heavy cap, black band, tawny hair, and
apron with its stains of modeling clay,
the brand in the center of the forehead.

   “ Yes, yes, it’s he!” I screamed. “ It’s
he! It’s he!”

   The torments of the inferno fairly rid-
dled me. I threw out my arms and
sprang forward to throttle him. Before
the men could interfere, I had crashed
into the mirror, reeled, and fallen with
the unwieldy mass of it upon me.

  And then—at last—I knew—it was I—
I— But I can say no more.
O. MacLean Savage

Author of " The Scarlet Samurai,** " The Queet of the Wolf,” “ The Mastodon-M«lk Man/* etc.

A TALE OF OUR GRANDCHILDREN-TO-BE

CHAPTER I.

IN THE CITY.

IT was at the corner of Forty-Second
Street and Broadway, Fifth Stage, or,
to be exact, between Fourth and Fifth,
for they met on the crowded escalator that
led from Base Street, used exclusively for
south-bound motor trucks, and the one
above, for similar vehicles going north.

  Duane Warren was jostled by Chris-
topher Perry, who was just ahead, for
the latter had missed his step, being a
bit near-sighted, on the revolving rubber
and slipped back in consequence. War-
ren was going to make a remark about
chalking up an error,” when the little
man in front turned around with a polite
“ Beg pard’n.” At that each recognized
the other as a former acquaintance at
college.

 Two more opposite types would be
hard to find among that mass of men and
women that came upward toward the sun-
light on the roaring escalator.

  Warren noticed that Perry still affected
the clothes and a hat of the vintage of
1950. Then, too, the stiff linen collar
the little man always wore gave the taller
man the impression of a still picture of
his grandfather, taken in the bygone days
when those abominations were used for

other than identification purposes, and
New York and Philadelphia were yet
separate cities.

  Yet, to tell the truth, Christopher Perry
gave but the impression of oldishness—-
he was just turned twenty-eight. It was
either the hom-rimmed goggles, the old-
fashioned sack suit of black, the partly
bald head, or perhaps a combination of
all three, that conveyed it. Looking close-
ly, his blue eyes were bright behind the
glasses, the bulging forehead unwrinkled,
and the full-lipped mouth, set in a pale
face, firm and determined.

  In direct contrast Duane Warren was
tall, handsome, and tanned (a rare sight),
stamping him as an outdoor man and an-
athlete. His one-piece suit of purple
pongee set off the lines of his splendid
figure, while a violet-hued cap of like
material was set back on his head which,
in spite of his twenty-nine years, was still
covered with a mass of curly, blond hair.

  Third Stage was reached, where south-
bound pleasure autos went by in a steady
stream, coming in and out of sunlight and
shadow, bearing gaily-dressed men and
women, pennons flying, brass, nickel, and
steel alternately glistening and dull. For
the sunlight came in great squares rounded
at the corners, banded in shadow of the
bridges above.
90

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Again under the shadow of one of these
cross-streets the two men rounded the
mighty steel pillars and made for yet
another escalator.

  “ Going Top?” queried Warren pleas-
antly as they stepped aboard the moving
incline.

  “ Yes indeed, and further,” answered
Perry, making conversation, for he was
deep in thought.

  “ ’Plane ride, eh?”

  “ Oh, no, fifty-story monorail, west-
bound.”

  “ Going to Thilly?”

  “ That way a bit.”

  “ Bound thereabouts myself — mind
company?”

  “ Not yours.”

  Forty-Second Street and Broadway still,
but Second Stage, where the north-bound
autos and cycles flew by, the light brighter,
for it was high noon. Not long would the
sun shine so brilliantly in this abyss, for
the seventy-story buildings, on either side
of the street, with the quadruple line of
swiftly-flying monorails, one above the
other, cut off enough clear daylight as
it was. Soon the cars, with their cigar-
shaped bodies of aluminum, would be the
only thing to show, by their glitter, that
the orb of day was unchanged.

  At length, Top Street was reached,
where pedestrians alone were allowed.

  East and west, north and south, it was
the same. From the Battery to the Bronx,
walls with their urns and the four streets
below, crossed by the bridges that on the
streets ran north and south, and east and
west on the avenues, every fifty feet.

  Top Street, of course, was crowded.
Chorus girls flaunted by in their exag-
gerated costumes, “ Ancient Greek ” here
(sandals, flowing robes, and gilt-ribbon-
banded hair); “ Assyrian ” there (modi-
fied and modernized scarlets, cerises,
oranges, pinks, and mauves), and every-
where, the “ Theme gowns,” modeled in
color, form, and general effect after the
peacock, the dove, the parrot, the robin,
and so on. It was a variegated mass of
flashing color, setting off the pert beauty

of the wearers, or heightening a fashion-
able expression of affected innocence.

  And the men!

  One-piece suits on those of good
physique, tight, like Warren’s, to the fig-
ure, of silk, linen, madras and pique, in
"bottle green, plum color, steel gray, navy
and Prussian blue, russet, and golden
brown.

   Some of the older men still clung to
old-fashioned sack. Now and then a
dandy aped the Greek of the women,
ancient Roman, Empire, and what-not.
Lawyers bustled about in cap and gown,
their names and addresses embroidered in
red letters on their backs—their own
walking advertisements. Bewigged actors,
in plaids and checks, stood about, chat-
ting together, or ogling the women as they
passed. Burly policemen twirled their
electrically charged, paralyzing sticks, the
terror of violent drunkards and unyielding
prisoners.

   Against the buildings the horns of the
newspaper machines sent out their nasal,
mechanical cries:

  “ Put a cent in the slot and get the
1-a-a-test! Full game special! Morning
game special! Chelseas win! Newarks
lose! Broad Streets beat Bronxies! Ex-
tra! Full morning game! Box score!
Put a penny in the slot and get the
1-a-a-test!”

   From the four streets below came the
throbbing, buzzing, honking din of the
motors, mingling with the raucous call
of the phonographs. Far above sounded
the whistle, click, and whir of the mono-
rails that shot along on their cables,
stretched on networks of steel from tower-
ing building to towering building. A city
of height, massiveness, color, magnifi-
cence, and clamor. A city of teeming,
ever-hurrying life. A city of fifty million
souls!

   “ Ought to interest you,” said Perry,
jerking his thumb in the direction of the
baseball-spitting machine, “ or aren’t you
playing any more?”

  “ Betcha life,” answered Warren;
“ pitchin’ for Harlem now. Worked day
THE COURTSHIP SUPERLATIVE.

91

before yesterday, so the old man let me
have the day off. May work to-night
against Edgewater, though. I’m going in
here.”

  “ Are they really playing baseball at
night now?” asked Chris dreamily. “ I
heard—”

  “ Where have you been, bo?” asked
the ball-player pityingly. “ Been playing
ball every night for two seasons. Three
games a day now, right here in the City
League; ten, three-thirty, and eight.
Come up some night—great sight with
all those lights. I said I was going in
here.”

  In the long, marble-flagged, marble-
ceilinged arcade that stretched elevators
on one side, stores with show-windows on
the other, from street to street in an elec-
tric-lighted and busy vista, the two had
stopped before a show-window that bore
the legend:

EFFANVEE COMPANY FILMERS
All Sizes from 100 Feet Up.
Myriacolors Especially.

  “ That’s funny,” replied Perry sheep-
ishly. “ I was going to ask if you’d mind
waiting for me. I’m bound for the same
place.”

  “ Let’s make it together, then,” said
Warren.

  They did. Inside, large, well-lighted
room, counters, uniformed girls, clicking
typewriters that worked, not by hand, but
by dictation through a tube, the hanging
blue globes that made the light, and much
bustle.

  “ My film, please,” said Perry to the
girl who waited on him.

  “ Name?” snapped her blondeship, and
hearing it, turned to Warren with a red-
lipped pout and coo:

  “ And your name, please?”

   He told her, off-handedly.

  “ Mr. Duane Warren of the Harlems?”
She tittered and blushed. “I’ll get yours
quick!”

  Such was fame! Hero-worship still
thrived. Beauty and vigor had not fallen
from their pedestals. No, indeed, the
lapse of years, the change of conditions,
had not changed femininity, suffragettes
and eugenics notwithstanding.

  The girl returned soon with two black-
paper-wrapped packages, slammed one at
Perry, and with another giggle and blush,
handed the other to Warren.

  The ball-player was the first to draw
out his computing-name pencil, and wrote
name and amount. There could be no
mistake in either, for that pencil, fur-
nished by the Signature Banks, wrote
nothing but that one name in that one
way. It was also balanced by the bank
for the amount the writer was responsible
for. He couldn’t make the figures
“ $500.00 ” with but a hundred in the
bank. He could write no more when the
amount was exhausted.

  The extension of credit had become so
common and universal that the carrying
of money was confined only to the poor
or the vulgar. This same credit system
was also responsible for the pencil, one
of the most delicately wonderful inven-
tions of the age.

  Perry had followed suit shyly, for his
pencil had but little left to write, and
the two went out and along the arcade,
where the horns above the elevators gave
the destinations of the ascending and
descending cages.

  “ Going down! Going down! Going
down!” rumbled one horn in a cracked
bass. “-Bronx, Yonkers, Os’ning Sub-
way!” “Up—up—up!” piped another.
“ Top Monorail Express! City Hall,
Philly! Change for Balto, Wash, Pitts,
Chi, Cin, and points S. and W.! Last car
up!”

  “Palisades Ball Park!” squeaked the
next. “ Hud Riv local, Hack, Leonia,
Pater, Edgewater game—going up!”

  “ Not this one for me now,” said War-
ren, passing this last. “ Oh, I hear it,”
and he walked briskly to an elevator,
whose horn, in a rising-falling, rising-fall-
ing, sing-song voice called out:
92

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ Jersey, Newark Marsh stops, Newark,
West Newark, and Camden. Going up!”

  Warren turned as he stepped into the
cube of steel network that formed the
car; but Perry was still beside him. The
same way yet, evidently. Perry looked
from the circular bundle he carried to the
similar one in the hand of his acquaint-
ance. Could it be possible that they were
going to the exact, same place—even on
the same errand? Was there to be (he
hoped not) a triple proposition?

  As the uniformed starter pressed the
button that closed the gates and turned
the crank that shot the elevator and its
load of humans upward, Duane Warren
was asking himself the same question, only
he called it by its slang name: “ a where-
we-get-off.”

CHAPTER II.

SUITORS THREE.

ON the fiftieth floor, where the two
alighted, the scene was similar to
the arcade below, except that the
ceiling was low, and instead of stores op-
posite the elevators, there were numerous
offices. Once more the phonographs; this
time one above each door, shrieked,
squeaked, babbled, and drawled as the
two men walked along the hall toward
the platform, a tiresome din, to wit:

  “ Brazil-Argentine bonds! Only safe
investment! Six per cent bonds! Buy
them! buy them! buy them!” only to be
lost in the cooings of a mellow, female
voice: “ Mme. Bordeaux Beauty Parlors!
Superfluous hair positively removed!
Freckles eradicated, cloudy complexions
cleared! Money refunded if—”

  That was next drowned by a male voice
with a chuckle in it and a quaint Scotch
burr that chortled the virtues of—

  “ Bradbury’s to-measure, one-piece
suits are the best, boys—the verra, verra
best! Buy Bradbury’s, boys, buy Brad-
bury’s, boys, buy Bradbury’s, boys!
Ye-e-eah-ha! ha! ha! Ha! Buy Brad-
bury’s and be happy!”

  It was a “ Mac Angus Record,” they
recognized, a Scot whose chuckle was his
fortune. He was a man earning five dol-
lars for every word he uttered, whose
office was crowded with applicants who
wanted him to “ talk ” their ads. No one
with a good, an odd, or a quaint voice
need starve nowadays, for “ ad talking ”
had become a lucrative business. The
office without its phonograph above the
door did little or nothing. Why bother
to read signs when you couldn’t help
but listen?

  The railed, concave platform was but
slightly crowded, as the aluminum car,
with a whirr, a rattle, and a click, slid
on its cable and came to a stop. Three
doors opened, one in the center and one
toward either end.

  “Have your plugs ready!” bawled a
phonograph. Our two had; or Warren
fetched up two, to be correct, as they
entered by way of the clinking turnstiles
(regulated and synchronized one with the
other so that no more than the car’s quota
of one hundred and fifty people, or twenty-
three thousand pounds, could get aboard);
the plugs bought from bank or company
being deposited in a slot there for the
purpose.

  Inside the car was but half full, mostly
with “ standees ” who clung to swinging,
porcelain handles on a bar. This made
Perry swear inwardly as he groped for
plugs. Warren had paid his fare—it was
up to him to buy seats.

  He selected the two slots, there in the
concave wall by the concave windows.
He put in the coins, and kerplunk! ker-
plunk! down from the sides, one behind
the other, flopped two curve-bottomed
seats hung on a folding, telescopic support
of steel. Both sat down—to stay seated
until they got out. There was no giving
your seat to a lady nowadays, for once
you left it, back it would go with a zip,
and you must stand up—or be prolific
with your plugs.

  The car slid along on its rail or cable
(for it was sometimes one, sometimes the
other, and sometimes both, the two wheels
THE COURTSHIP SUPERLATIVE.

93

overhead, one behind the other, fitting
automatically on either) with a very slight
swaying motion.

  Looking down, one saw the sheer drop
of the sides of the building in an awful,
sickening abyss. At the bottom, there
were still the bridges and the four streets
below, with their cross streets.

   Like water-beetles appeared the faintly
seen motor trucks at the bottom of the
man-made gulch; like ants the moving
mass of humans on the top street, the
hum of it all mingling with the buzzing
of the motor and the whirring wheels over-
head.

  Eighth, Ninth, and Tenth Avenue sta-
tions were passed, and then, under a gi-
gantic—nay, colossal framework of steel
in the shape of an inverted “ U,” the car,
swinging a bit more now, flashed across
the Hudson.

  Smokeless, the boats (like toy boats
they looked from the height) plied swiftly
in and out of mighty steel quays, and,
“ bone in their t^eth ” and white-waked,
went swiftly hither and thither on the
water, now golden-glinting in the midday
sun.

  As far above as the ships were far be-
low, now black against the sun, now re-
flecting yellow, silken, shimmering, and
dazzling white, dirigible balloon, mono-
plane, biplane, and patrol kite, rose and
fell, drifted, sailed and soared.

  There was a lurch of the car as the
power was shut off and it took the down-
ward cable at breakneck speed. Solid
rock loomed ahead—it looked as if the
terrific slide would end in the smashing of
the car like an eggshell. The rock tow-
ered—engulfing blackness—a click, and
the car, lighted by invisible electric
globes, rumbled and roared through the
tunneled Palisades.

  A moment or two and they were in sun-
light again; but in a somewhat changed
scene. The car was no longer above the
buildings. On a succession of “ U ’’-shaped
arrangements it lay below, now, riding on
the single rail.

  At Jersey City Station the superim-

posed five streets had disappeared. In-
stead, one mighty avenue, divided into
six roadways, two each for motorcyclists,
pedestrians, and motorists, bound east and
west, a line of beautiful poplars dividing
each, stretched in a seemingly never-
ending vista between magnificent, temple-
like buildings, the homes of the wealthy.

   Once Warren pointed out a distant
affair that resembled a huge pudding-
mold of glass which glistened in the sun-
light. This, he explained, was the sum-
mer and winter, day and night home of
the Jersey City baseball team, an enor-
mous stadium, glass-enclosed, capable of
seating forty thousand people.

   “ I was knocked out of the box there
 last Friday,” he said as they whirred on
 -their way. At the call, “ Newark Marsh
 first stop,” they alighted and walked
 across a spacious viaduct.

   The name of “ Marsh ” was still used
 only to distinguish it from Newark
 proper, where mostly manufacturing was
 done and the few thousand Italians lived
 after the exclusion act. Very few people
 remained who remembered when it was a
 mighty waste of swamp and morass, criss-
 crossed with obsolete road-beds, where
 old-fashioned steam locomotives puffed
 and coughed nasty, black smoke.

   It was now the site of four great
general hotels—the Egyptian, the Baby-
lonian, the Persian, and the Greek,
named not for these extinct peoples (the
last being lost in the Balkan Empire
amalgamation), but for their architecture.

   General Hotel Greek, white marble,
columned, corniced, statue and fountain
surrounded, stood to the left. General
Hotel Egyptian, dull gray granite and
gold, massive-stoned, pyramid-crowned,
with two colossal sphinxes flanking the
main entrance, loomed at the right.

   “ Going to the ‘ Gyp ’?” queried War-
 ren queerly, hoping so and yet not.
 Perry grinned, nervously fingered his
 bundle, and nodded.

   “ Come on, then,” said the ball-
player, walking faster. “ Maybe we’re
even going to the same ’partment.”
94

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Both had thought so all along.

  From beneath the steel causeway came
an incessant soprano babble. Incessant
and voluminous; and no wonder, for ten
thousand children ran wild in the big
hotel’s play place, under the eyes of reg-
istered infant nurse, tutor athletic-
hygenic, and assistant mother.

  In the Hall Rameses, Perry and War-
ren found their fears not unfounded. Of
the burly and bedizened negro, with his
yellow and black striped head-dress and
costume in keeping with the imitation
barbarism of the decorations of gilded
scarab, enameled Ibis, and mummy-
pillars of brightly hued plaster, both had
asked (or Warren had, to be seconded
by Perry) for Miss Cherry Desbrosses.

  The negro pressed one of the in-
numerable buttons on the round desk of
imitation stone, in the middle of which he
sat, his legs hidden one wondered where,
and immediately there was a scratching
on a tiny glass square that lit up in front
of him.

  “ Names, gentlemen?” asked his gor-
geously arrayed darkyship.

  He was told.

  He next brought forth an arrangement
that looked like a tiny kettle-drum with
a light behind it. Warren looked into it
and then turned his profile; Perry did
likewise. More scratching on the glass,
and then politely from the Nubian:

  “ Miss Desbrosses expects you. Four
elevators to your right, fourteenth floor.”
Another button pressed, and a green
light showed above a panel along the
hall. “ That’s your car, gentlemen.”

  Reaching a panel, a Nile scene in imi-
tation mosaic, it slid back and disclosed
the car. Inside, Warren pressed the but-
ton marked fourteen, the panel auto-
matically shut, and the car went noise-
lessly and swiftly upward. No chance of
suing for accident or injury when one ran
the car oneself.

  At the fourteenth floor the door opened
again on a long corridor, richly carpeted.
Here another negro awaited them. He
held in his hand two small squares of

black tin. These were instantaneous tin-
types, which he scrutinized carefully,
looking from them to the two men. Sat-
isfied, he bowed, pressed a button close
at hand, and another green light showed
some twenty feet down the hall. Toward
this the two men walked.

  The door was opened by Miss Des-
brosses herself.

  “Fancy you two coming together!”
she said pleasantly. “ I was so surprised
when both your pictures were sSot up in
the same tube. Come in, Mr. Warren—
come in, Mr.—or is it Professor Perry?”

  “ Not quite,” stammered Chris, as he
followed his hostess and the broad back
of Warren along the short hall.

  The room they entered was square and
spacious. Windowless, too, it was, yet
there was a round opening in the center
of the ceiling where an exhaust-fan
whirred. At the four corners hung globes
of liquid, bluish light.

  The walls were paneled with old rose
wall-cloth to match the girl’s Greek robes
of the same color. Perry remembered his
last visit. Then she had worn a clinging
peacock theme against a background of
greenish-blue paneling. Warren was just
now recalling her goldfish theme, sea-
green paneled. The number of colors on
your revolving, changeable panels depend-
ed on your rent. A turned crank did the
trick. New panels of eight colors could
be hired at the office.

  Between the panels, on the white en-
ameled walls of aluminum, hung pictures
and a something embossed on ivory in an
ebony frame. Three white doors, a set-
tee, several chairs, a piano, and some
coconut mats on the hardwood floor (the
rage since the South Sea Islands had be-
come society’s winter resort) completed
the furnishings.

  On the settee was another man. He
rose as the hostess and the two others
entered. He was tall and well formed.
He was dressed in white knee breeches,
stockings, and vest, short-fronted and
long-tailed coat of blue, with blue and
white striped, flaring lapels, somewhat
THE COURTSHIP SUPERLATIVE.

95

after the “ Incroyables ” of the Direc-
toire. His scant hair was dark, his com-
plexion sallow. Black eyes burned in deep
hollows. A hooked nose and straight
mouth gave him a sort of eaglelike ex-
pression.

   “ Gentlemen,” said the girl, “ allow me
to acquaint you with Mr. Benson Leon-
ard, chemist and inventor. Mr. Leonard;
Mr. Christopher Perry, germologist, mi-
crobologist, and bacillologist. Mr. Duane
Warren, Mr. Leonard, pitcher for the
Harlem baseball team.”

  The three men bowed (hand-shaking
had long since been abolished as unsani-
tary). They were an odd group, the girl
in her flowing, ancient Greek robes, Leon-
ard in his eighteenth-century splendor,
Perry in his twentieth-century plainness,
and Warren in the comfortable, sensible,
and yet not unbecoming one-piece suit of
to-day.

  Four decades of clothing were repre-
sented in an age of cosmopolitanism of
dress. Odd as the difference seemed, it
was common enough in the city.

   As for the girl herself, one couldn’t hit
upon a better word in describing her than
statuesque. Her clear complexion that
needed no artifice of powder or cosmetic,
bright eyes, and red lips showed plainly a
clean bill of health. A perfect animal,
an intelligent woman, she would prove an
ideal eugenic wife. It was a wonder that
there was but a triple proposition on hand
—one would expect a gathering of at least
six at an event as important as this.

  “ You’re warm, Mr. Warren,” she
cooed. “Oh, no trouble at all!” as he
protested. “ This will fix the room in a
minute.” She crossed over to a porcelain
urn on a tripod, deftly lifted the cover,
letting out a noiseless, invisible stream of
liquid air, slightly and delicately per-
fumed.

  “ Anything new in your line?” asked
Leonard of Perry, with a lift of his left
eyebrow. An expression typical of the
man, it gave him a sinister look that
offended many.

  “ Indeed yes,” answered Chris bright-

  ly. “ Professor Zeider, my father-pro-
fessor, has hit on a counter-germ for can-
cer. It looks to me as though that dread
disease would soon become as obsolete as
tuberculosis. You see, the hypothesis of
the mucous—”

  “ Oh, I understood you hadn’t ob-
tained your degree yet!”

  Thus Leonard cut in cynically on the
young scientist’s enthusiastic babble.
Perry’s eyes narrowed behind his goggles
at the intentional taunt. The chemist’s
dark eyes flashed back a deep defiance.

CHAPTER III.

HEARTS EUGENIC.

“p HALL it be luncheon first?” came in
Cherry’s voice, for she had quickly
seen the impending quarrel. “ I’m
afraid it must be, for my brother White
is in the projecting room, looking at a
film of the Battle of San Francisco Bay.
Poor boy — history is his bete noir! I
don’t really blame him, especially as he’s
studying that hateful Europo-Germanic
war. The table button is behind you,
Mr. Warren. Would you mind pressing
it four times? Thank you!”

  Out it came, slowly from the wall, an
oblong, legless table of aluminum, to
which the three men brought up their
chairs. Meanwhile, from an opening be-
tween the panels in the wall on the other
side of the room, Cherry brought forth
cover-dishes from the thermos compart-
ment. Other hidden places produced
knives, forks, plates, and so forth; all of
the light metal. The girl chatted pleas-
antly with her guests as she set the table
deftly. On an occasion such as this, no
mattef what her wealth or station might
be, it was the duty of the maid sought
to wait upon her suitors.

   The meal was a light one, 'of meat pat-
ties (mostly hippopotamus since the ex-
orbitant and almost prohibitive price of
beef), flavored with lobster extract, a
cunningly devised sauce of the food chem-
ists that tasted almost exactly like that
96

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  now extinct crustacean. There was also
a delicious nut paste, a salad highly
spiced, and other tasty dainties.

  Indeed, taste in food had become the
cardinal necessity, since the race was
slowly losing the sense through the use
of those idiotic compressed foods once so
common in the middle of the twentieth
century.

  Lemons, cinnamon, Cayenne pepper,
cloves, bay-leaf, thyme, and even the once
despised garlic were used as freely as that
ridiculous concoction known as bread Was
eaten by our misguided ancestors. The
latter half of the nineteenth century pre-
dicted that we would carry our meals in
our vest pockets. We did—to our sorrow,
for to be born tasteless was now as com-
mon as blindness had once been. One
could take food that way—yet where, in
view of the result, was the advantage?

  After the meal (the soiled dishes sent
clattering down in an electrically run
dumb-waiter and the table slid back) the
company adjourned to the projecting
room. Since the motion picture had be-
come one of the principal forms of home
amusement and instruction (to the detri-
ment of reading), no family at all well-
to-do was without one.

  This was a square compartment, fur-
nished only with chairs, a liquid-air cool-
er, and the aluminum screen at one end,
the door of admittance and the operating
box at the other.

  “ We’ll try yours first, Mr. Leonard,”
said Cherry, placing the chemist’s film in
the box. “ You see, you’re the oldest.”
A click—complete darkness—another—
a whirring—and light danced on the
screen; then, in brilliant blue letters:

BENSON BETHUNE LEONARD.

  A space of darkness, then a sub-title:

SWIMMING THE WYCOFF RAPIDS.

  The scene shown after that was a lake
or river, with a background of wooded
shore. Leonard, in a bathing suit, was

  seen to approach the water, walk to the
end of a springboard, and dive in.

  As he swam with various fancy strokes
that were good to look upon, the pano-
rama moved with him, until bubbling,
swirling rapids came into view. The at-
tempt was thrilling as the man struggled
with the turbulent water—now he disap-
peared—to come up again—to be tense-
faced close to the camera, and yet again
but a bobbing speck of black in the cen-
ter of a whirlpool that lashed into a white
foam.

  Slowly the rapids were conquered, and
he emerged, dripping and tired, on the
opposite bank.

  The applauding audience saw him at
tennis, fencing, shooting, and then the
theme changed, and he was seen in white
apron and cap, surrounded by his assist-
ants and the globes, retorts, stills, and
furnaces of his laboratory.

  At close range the others saw the rapid
manufacture of a substance closely re-
sembling coral. A small bit of this was
broken off and put into a thick glass jar.
Following this a live rabbit, kicking and
squirming, was held up, then put into
the jar with the substance. The recep-
tacle, with both animal and chemical seen
inside, was covered and hermetically
sealed. Duly attested by prominent men,
the time was shown, close-range, as eleven
in the morning of the 18th of June.

  Again the same scene was shown with
everything as before, the time attested as
the same, the date, June 21st, three days
later. The jar was opened — the rabbit
was still alive!

  Other tests of carbo-absorbo-leonard
were equally wondrous. Cherry applaud-
ed freely; the chemist raised that eye-
brow and smiled grimly as the lights
were turned on. His film had made good!

  Next was shown the moving-pictorial
prowess of Mr. Duane Jay Warren. His
was done in myriacolor, the better to
show off his handsome face and splendid
physique in the white uniform and
orange-striped socks against the bright
green of the diamond.
THE COURTSHIP SUPERLATIVE.

97

  Of course, his ability at the playing of
the national game formed the burden of
the film. He struck out mighty hitters,
fielded bunts and got his man at first, hit
safely himself, stole bases in scenes from
actual games. The picture was subtly and
marvelously retouched so that Warren
seemed ever in the foreground, in a won-
derful, halolike light.

  One series of pictures brought ap-
plause from all present. It was a view*
of the pitcher, the mound, and the home
plate, taken from above. As the ball
left the player’s hand, the film was run
slowly, showing the actual course of the
ball. It was most uncanny to watch
the white sphere go straight, then, ap-
proaching the plate, “ break ” in and
out, up and down. Mr. Warren’s “ con-
trol ” was enviably perfect.

 “ I say, Mr. Warren,” remarked
Cherry jocularly as the room was re-
lighted, “ it wouldn’t do for me to let
any of the opposing teams see that last
picture. It might go hard with you
when they faced you next time on the
diamond.”

  “ Surest thing you know,” answered
Duane, his eyes sparkling at the inter-
ested expression on . the girl’s face.
Leonard clutched his lower lip and
frowned. There was an idea there if
Warren were successful.

  Darkness once more, the whirring and
flickering and the screened story of
Christopher Pine Perry. Very little of
the little man was shown. They saw
him in his tiny laboratory of concrete,
with his tubes, his cultures, and his mi-
croscope. He dipped here and there,
then spread some invisible substance on
a glass slide. Sub-titles with long and
strange Greek names (Latin had been
discarded as too Italian since the ex-
clusion act and the President Vincent
outrage) told that such-and-such bacilli
would be shown.

They were, most wondrously, by mi-
croscopic-motion-photography. Cancer
germs raised myriad families before their
eyes. Zeidergerms, the discovery of
7 A-s

Perry’s father-professor, grew monstrous-
ly by the second. Then the Zeider-
germs attacked the cancer germs and
there was a battle royal. Ninety-eight
hundred Ziedergerms fell in the slaugh-
ter (according to the sub-title), but
friend cancer germs were utterly anni-
hilated.

  The trouble now was, Perry explained
glibly, that the victorious Zeidergerms,
tasting flesh, turned cannibal. “ Get rid
of that,” said he, enthusiastically, “ and
Professor Zeider would rank with the im-
mortals.”

  Other battles were shown, other ba-
cillic families were raised. Germ and
microbe life came and went. Altogether,
Cherry voted it a tremendously interest-
ing picture. Chris hoped so, for it had
cost him a pretty penny—more than he
could really afford.

  What were the odds if he won the
hand of Cherry Desbrosses? There
would be both inspiration and help of a
financial kind. Then, too, she was near-
ly ideal—ninety-five per cent perfect.
Didn’t the framed eugenic certificate,
embossed on ivory in the ebony frame,
prove it?

  Outside once more, the three men
were introduced to White Desbrosses, a
handsome boy of fourteen, in sleeveless
jersey, short khaki “trousers hanging to
above the knee, woolen socks, and leather
sandals, after the manner of the time,
his arms and legs browned and bare. A
Boy Scout plainly; a branch of Uncle
Sam’s service that had done splendid
work in the War of the Four Nations.

  Perry walked to the certificate on the
wall and squinted close to it (although
he had read it dozens of times) to make
sure of that ninety-five per cent. Thus
it ran:

EUGENIC BOARD
Matrimonial Efficiency Brandi

  Under the Laws of the UNITED STATES
TERRITORIES and REPUBLICS of AMER-
ICA (Mexico, Honduras, Costa Rica, San Sal-
vador, Guatemala, Panama, and Colombia) and
98

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

by Congressional Arrangement with the Inde-
pendent Republic of CANADA.

                                  PER CENT
                                  PERFECT

 Physical fitness ........................................100

 Mental fitness ............................................94

  Maternal possibilities ................................96

Mental Accomplishments

Piano ......................................................-—95

Cello ............................................................89

LANGUAGES.

Greek ...........................................................93

French .........................................................93

English ........................................................99

Physical Accomplishments

   Tennis, golf, basketball, handball,
     swimming, fencing, boxing, motor-
     ing—Average ..........................................96

     Total grand average........................95

  Young Desbrosses had gone, and there
was a pause. Leonard was leaning
against the piano, admiring, evidently,
his tiny foot and the curve of his calf.
Perry, conscious that he had approached
impoliteness by gazing too long at the
certificate, flopped awkwardly into a
chair. Warren wriggled and blushed on
a low, stool-like chair, his bulk looking
ridiculously. He was plainly wishing
the “ darn thing over.”

  Majestically Cherry Desbrosses
walked to the center of the room. If
she was embarrassed, she didn’t show it.
Most girls were on the occasion, although
some (of the ninety-six, ninety-seven,
and ninety-eight per cent class) had
done it so often they became used to it.

  She was indeed radiant, the soft, blue
light shining on her graceful, flowing
robes. The background of white and old
rose framed her artistically. In a soft,
mellow voice she began in the usual
form:

  “ Gentlemen, you have all done me the
honor of asking me for my hand in mar-
riage. I regret my father is not here to
second me; but his Mississippi hippo
ranch keeps him away—there is some
trouble with floods, I believe. Never-
theless, I’ll try to answer you alone.

  “According to custom, I must accept
one, refuse all, or set a time. I will do
the latter and make a proviso, with a re-
calling clause in six months.

  “ I have read your certificates and see
that you have all passed the Eugenic
Board, how highly rated doesn’t matter
so long as you have passed, you being
males. Socially, you are equal: a chem-
ist, a microbologist, and a ball-player.

  “ I find you all worthy. Your names
all prove that you are natives, the sons
and grandsons of native New Yorkers.
Taking you separately, there is an equal-
ity and yet a difference.

  “ Rating you myself (and I have
taken some pains in the matter, finding
you all equally serious), I come to this
conclusion on a one-hundred per cent
basis. Mr. Leonard I would call fifty-
fifty; equally divided physically and
mentally. Mr. Warren I would desig-
nate as seventy-five per cent physical
and twenty-five mental. On the other
hand, Mr. Perry is surely twenty-five
per cent physical and seventy-five per
cent mental. An immediate choice
would be difficult, since my affection and
regard for each of you is equal.

  “ Listen, then, to my plan. I bind
myself to all of you for one year, prem-
ising to entertain no other suitors. You
may each call on a certain day, once a
month, or write, in that interval, what
you have done.

  “ Now, my dear suitors three, the one
who in this year shall have done some-
thing more remarkable, more ultrasci-
entific, or more humorous than he has
ever done before, and to my best judg-
ment the best in either of these three
provisos, to him I will give my hand
and my fortune, to be his wife, his help-
mate, and the mother of his children.”

  The three suitors dolefully accepted
these conditions and left the house.

  How different from the moonlight-
egged proposal by the man in the days
of our forefathers! How different from
the acceptance of the girl, carried away
by a maudlin, silken speech or a sylvan
THE COURTSHIP SUPERLATIVE.

99

scene. How different — and how much
better!

CHAPTER IV.

ENTER A PROFESSOR.

THE scene was that little laboratory
of concrete that we have seen on
the screen. We behold it with its
rows and rows and rows of tubes on nar-
row shelves, labeled and cotton-corked.
There is the long, narrow table also tube-
filled; the microscopes, the blue, liquid
light and two men, aproned, masked,
gloved, and muffled in white.

  One man is tall and much bent. Could
we see his face we would find it white-
bearded and scarred, one cut of bygon^
warfare having taken toll of the left eye.
The other blazed fierily over a wrinkled
old nose. Such was once Major but now
Professor Johann Zeider. The other,
shorter man, was Christopher Perry.

  It was a hot July night; but neither
heat or cold ever penetrated into that
subterreanean den, for even the Com-
mercial Subway might occasionally be
heard rumbling overhead. Poor, indeed,
were the folks who dwelt or worked as
deep in the earth as this.

  The old man had picked up a tube of
germ-culture and was holding it to the
light. Suddenly the old hands trembled,
the tube came crashing to the floor.

  “ Donnerwetter! ” he rumbled behind
the gauze; then, turning to Perry, he
gave vent to a frightened: “ Go oudt—•
go oudt, Christopher, it is deadly here—
go quickly, I say!”

  “ But I can’t leave you alone with
them,” came Chris’s muffled answer, “ I
ought to help.”

  *“ You will help by being in the way!”
said the old man in an assumed angry
tone; “I should know better what to
do as you. and you are too young to risk
it.” Then, as the young man still hesi-
tated: “ Go oudt—schnell—I command
it you!”

  There was nothing to do after that

but go. Zeider was his father-professor
with authority as great as his own father.
At that, he was the only father he re-
membered. To be commanded was to
obey. Reluctantly he opened the steel
door, then another of antiseptic wood,
and a third of steel, into a hall and up a
winding stone staircase.

  Three flights up he opened another
door and entered the tiny room where he
slept, with its narrow, iron bed, bureau,
washstand, chair, and other necessities.
The exhaust fan overhead whirled but
slowly.

  He divested himself of his wrappings,
apron, and the rest of his laboratory
clothing and hung them in a closet; came
out, brushed his scant hair, adjusted his
tie, switched off his light, and went out
again, to climb three more flights of
stone stairs. As he made the ascent,
there came down crescendo, the babble
of voices, topped now and then by a
shrill laugh or the nasal note of a music-
playing phonograph, drowned, as the
rumble of a passing train of the Passen-
ger Subway was heard through the solid
stone walls. Next a hall filled with to-
and-fro-going humans and out the door-
way into the fresh air.

  The space was a gigantic courtyard,
the inside dimensions of an entire city
block. On all sides rose sheer the single
tenement 'building, a square block itself.
From the fourth story of the square, in
a wide ring, hung the arc-lamps, twenty
feet from the walls. Another ring shone
at the eighth story, forty feet inside,
sixty at the twelfth, eighty at the six-
teenth, and so on, so that the entire space
was flickeringly blue lighted from top to
bottom, with almost the brightness of
day.

  Thus the city fathers fought the dark
corners of crime and vice with brilliant
light. There would be no dark deeds
where there was no darkness.

  The space was partly flagged and part-
ly earth-covered. A sporadic fountain
played in the center, surrounded by chat-
tering children of every age. Three
100

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

drinking-fountains, wherein one must
thrust the face, enclosed this in a tri-
angle.

  Before every one of the myriad win-
dows of the building was a sort of cage
of fine steel wire, the outcome of the old-
fashioned fire-escape. The one that was
not populated with men, women, and
children was the exception. The court-
yard, too, was crowded with couples,
groups, and knots of six and seven. Some
sat on the stone benches, some strolled,
and still others stood, leaned, and what-
not.

  And the sound of it!

  The guffaw, the good-natured jibe,
laughter, deep, high-pitched and shrill.
The voice raised in argument, sullen in
protest, and harsh in anger. The squeak-
ing of the phonographs, the whine of
the accordion, the breathe-in-breathe-out
of the harmonica. The babble and hys-
terical laughter of the children, the wail
of the baby in arms; the mother’s cooing
lullaby. Altogether, the sounds all hu-
manity makes on the ground, up, up, and
up in one seething vortex enclosed by the
walls of stone in the flickering light.

  “ Why so early, Chris?” called a thin,
girlish voice at sight of the young scien-
tist. She was seated on a curving stone
bench, her chin resting on her hands.
Her dress was a simple frock of blue
calico, a poor fit on a trim, little figure.
Her face was a perfect oval, the complex-
ion pale and wan. Her eyes were un-
commonly large; blue as the Kaiser -
blumen of her fatherland. Her flaxen
hair, parted in the middle, hung in long
plaits over her shoulders.

 “ Your grandpop chased me,
Gretchen,” he answered, sitting beside
her. “ Some doggone germs loose and
he feared for me. Oh, no danger, little
girl,” he added at the frightened expres-
sion on her face, “ he knows how—fu-
migate ’em out in no time—don’t you
worry! ”

  “Ach so!” she cried petulantly.
“Why must he waste his time with hor-
rible things in tubes and spend his pen-

sion money on all sorts of dreck? From
this country and from his he gets just
enough to live on. He lost my father
and my two uncles in the great war. He
did noble—he is rewarded. Why can’t
he pass his days in peace in the country
instead of living deep in the earth like
a mole and making nonsense in bottles?”

  “Gretchen, Gretchen!” answered
Chris reprovingly, “ you shouldn’t say
such things about your grandfather!
He’s a great man—a great scientist. If
these experiments are a success, he’ll be
famous all over the world.”

  “ If, though, mein Freund—always
‘ if M So it has been for all the five
years you have been with us and I, a
little girl, can remember five years be-
fore!”

  Thus she countered; not petulantly,
but half-sadly. She was a daughter of
a land of thrift. She was practical and
matter-of-fact, hiding a soul as romantic
as a maid of bygone days. Even the
slight admonition of the man beside her
cut her to the quick.

  “ But think of the fame, Gretchen,”
said he dreamily. “ With fame will
come wealth and position. Is it not
worth while to work for humanity even
though no one appreciates it? It is
bound to come—fame! ”

  He clasped his hands over his knees,
gazing straight ahead into a rose-colored
vista of renown.

  “ Fame for you, perhaps,” she replied
sadly sweet, instinctively reading his
thoughts. “‘To you it will come—Gross-
vater says so often. Then you will leave
us and go to the schone Dame you will
win by it. The other two you will beat
I know.” A world of confidence in this
last; then a change and a struggle the
man did not see. “ Tell me about her.”

  He told as best he could for the hun-
dredth time. Outside of his bacteriology
this was his best subject, this descrip-
tion of the charms of Cherry. She
turned him on it often, not, as may be
guessed,- because she wanted to hear it;
but because she wanted to hear him. No
THE COURTSHIP SUPERLATIVE.

101

greater test of a woman’s heart could
there be than this.

  “She is so wonderful as that?” she
asked when he was through.

  His answer—with a sigh: “ Ninety-
fiye per .cent!”

  Another sigh from her that had worlds
of meaning in it: “And I am but seven-
ty-eight ! ”

  But the meaning of the sigh he read
not at all. It was but brotherly affec-
tion when he patted her hand.

  The next morning in the laboratory
found Professor Zeider a changed man.
It was true that the room was safe now
(the pungent odor of the disinfectant
testified to that), yet there was a pe-
culiarity about the old man’s manner—
his unusual silence was foreboding.

  Days came and went, and the condi-
tion did not change—indeed, it grew
slowly and steadily worse. He muttered
and mumbled to himself something about
“ got me at last ” and “ schlecht—to kill
their creator!” The time came, when,
from a capability of working ten and
twelve hours a day, he could hardly
stand the strain of two.

  In time that ceased altogether, and he
never left his bed. Chris and Gretchen
got their heads together—there would be
no chance for him in their subterranean
home. He protested; but they pre-
vailed, and he was sent away to try the
ocean air and the excellent treatment of
Far Rockaway Hospital.

  Troublous times were at hand now.
Chris sent his monthly letter addressed
to Hall Rameses No. 14, Egyptian Gen-
eral, Newark Marsh, to a certain lady,
describing prospects he did not have and
pleasure he did not feel. He visited the
old man daily in the gigantic hospital
facing the sea, in this now a very city
of hospitals that foolish men had once
used for a pleasure resort.

  One day the old man held long to the
hand of his foster-son and pupil.

  “ The time is at hand, my boy,” he
said faintly. “ I have requests to make

of you. You shall get it a phonograph
and records and bring them here—I have
words to say that will help you in the
work to be done. You will be my suc-
cezzor, my boy—a worthy one. Yes, yes
—I have written to the degree committee
—your examination comes soon.

  “ Neffer mindt the poverty now—it
will soon be that you will be great and
claim your betrothed — although — al-
though I had hoped for other things—
that you would be my son by other ties.
Neffer mindt—the draft is made oudt—
Gretchen shall have the pension and shall
give you what you need—all else I leave
to you—it is written in the will—Dr.
Perry soon, my boy—the phonograph—I
shouldt make many records to guide you
—I shouldt do it to-day.”

  Three days later, after almost contin-
ual dictation there in the little white room
with its window facing the blue sea, the
old man, no longer the professor, for at
the last moment he had raised his feeble
hand in the military salute, made the
Great Exit.

  Gretchen and Chris, their hearts heavy,
stood side by side at the cremation service
(burial was prohibited by law) as the old
man, wrapped (a great honor) in both
the red, white, and black and the Stars
and Stripes, went slowly down on the
elevator, to the tune of a sonorous and
majestic military march.

  The work went on. Chris, fired by
thoughts of his degree, inspired by the
picture in his mind of the beautiful
woman who had partly pledged herself to
him, worked zealously, early and late.
Beside him, another woman thought of
him as he thought of another—for
Gretchen, knowing no other occupation
and glad to at least be near him, was
learning fast and became quite a help.
The professor was there, too.

  In spirit? Surely, if spirits haunt
the scenes of their former lives, there,
watching the young man he had adopted
and the work that he loved, there would
he be. He was there otherwise, for his
102

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

cracked old voice, with its quaint accent,
squeaked from the horn of the phono-
graph the work to be done, with formula,
thesis, and instruction bacteriological.

  One day, as Chris sat on the bench after
his meager lunch for a breathing space,
wiping his goggles on his apron and deep
in thought, Gretchen, busy with the
phonograph, ruminated thus:

  “ If these things in these tubes can kill
people, Chris, what is the use of making
them? If they killed people what ought
to be killed, it would be all right, aber
they don’t. My Grossvater made some
and raised some and spent his money on
them. Then they killed him. Maybe
they kill you, Chris—maybe they kill me
—we must niemals be so careful. Maybe
we should sell them to prisons and armies
what want to kill people.”

  He appeared not to hear her; then
slowly the words sank in. His jaws
dropped—the goggles slipped from his
nerveless fingers and slid to the floor. He
stared into space like a man seeing a
spirit.

  “ Chris! Chris!” screamed the girl. In
her fright at his face she ran to him, and
before she knew what she was doing had
sunk on her knees before him, her arms
ahput his neck. She begged, she plead-
ed—he must go—must give all this up.
Something had happened; he was ill; he
would die like her grandfather. That
she could not bear. He must—he must
go!

  Gently yet firmly he released her
twined fingers. He stood up, bringing
her with him, still holding her hands, yet
keeping her off from him.

  “ My dear girl,” he said half angrily,
“ please, please go away from me—you’ve
given me—a splendid idea!”

  Sleepless nights and feverish days soon
attested that Gretchen had, although she
didn’t like the reward of being neglected
and spoken sharply to. No matter how
early she came to the laboratory, she
would find him there ahead of her; no
matter how late she stayed with him, he’d

dismiss her at last. Sometimes she
waited in the courtyard until the gibes
of the vulgar sent her to bed at three
and four in the morning. Something was
wrong with “ her Chris ”; the “ nasty ”
bugs had done something to him.

  Something was wrong with him—yet
how different from what she imagined!
The speech, unremembered by her, like
a dropped seed forgotten, grew and grew
in his brain. She figured not the idea,
but, womanlike, the neglect of her. He,
as manlike, figured her not at all. The
idea grew and grew until it stretched in a
marvelous vista before him. The possi-
bilities? There were no end to them!

  Why hadn’t he thought of it before?
(Since Adam put the blame on the wo-
man, man still took the credit.) These
Zeidergerms! Inveterate cannibals, they
ate everything—they were failures! Yet
the old professor had not labored in vain
—-oh, no, quite the contrary! He had not
—neither had he died in vain. Poor man
—he had sought to eliminate cancer!
Wonderful — inconceivable thought—he
had found a way to eliminate warfare!
He had brought about universal peace!

  Gretchen had more and more to con-
tend with. There were mongrel dogs in
the laboratory that must be fed; there
were mongrel dogs that sickened and died.
After a few days the laboratory was de-
serted; for Chris, dressed in his best and
armed with a satchel, would be “ gone for
the day.”

  Where? she wondered.

  He gave no thought to Gretchen’s
questionings. Convinced now that he was
on the right track, he took the passenger
subway down to the financial district.
This part of the city was utterly strange
to him. He found a sameness and yet
a difference about it that puzzled him.

  There were the superimposed five
streets, the colossal buildings, and the
monorails; but the people were so dif-
ferent! The colors of Broadway were
supplanted by duller ones. Boys rushed
by with curious hieroglyphics on dull
gray, white, tan, and yellow. He didn’t
THE COURTSHIP SUPERLATIVE.

103

know that they were employed, in the or-
der named, by brokers, bankers, money-
lenders, and lawyers. The hieroglyphics
were the code-signs of their employers.

   The women, too, were similarly garbed,
the colored article of clothing in the form
of a loose cape and cowl that they need
but. wear during business hours. Some,
here and there, both men and women,
wore a band of bright green on the left
arm, over the hood and cowl of plum
color, slate gray, bottle green, and dark
brown.

  Chris knew not the color-code that
said plainly to all who knew, “ book-
keeper,” “ secretary,” “ dictator,.” “ com-
puting pencil clerk,” or “ telephone-
phonograph operator.” The bright-green
band signified “ unemployed and in search
of work.”

   Men in one-piece suits or the sacks and
frock coats of bygone days made queer
signs to one another as they passed, as
though they were deaf and dumb. He
thought this the case at first; but when
they called after one another such (to
him) gibberish as “ Bull—small on the
rising ”; to be answered by, “ On the
hun’th-eighth parb’lo’ sell I think,” he
wondered if he had somehow been wafted
to another country.

   In one of the gigantic buildings that
he entered at random he was completely
baffled by the hundreds of horns above
the elevators.

   “ Investors twentieth to thirtieth this
way,” yelped one. “ Mining forty-fifth
right wing only!” barked another.
“ Brokers cotton last six top—going up! ”
squeaked a third. And with every open-
ing gate the surging crowd swerved him
this way and that, like the uncertain
cork in the sea of humanity that he felt
himself.

   At last, in sheer despair, he jumped on
a car, the horn of which trebled: “ All
kinds of promoters—tenth to fifteenth left
wing—up! up! up!” Surely a promoter
was the thing he wanted.

   But on the tenth floor he found himself
in another maze of long hall and grinding

phonographs. There were babbled calls
for “ Patents! Patents! Patents! Buy or
sell, quick work and big comish! ” thrilled
cries for patents on every side of him.
No, this must be the wrong floor; he had
no patent to buy or sell.

  He walked back toward the elevator,
thinking to take the escalator, which
must needs be near, to the floor above.
Passing the gate where the cages shot up
and down, he walked beyond and along
the hall in the opposite direction. The
horns spoke of “ inventions ” now instead
of the call for patents.

   One, particularly, caught his ear. There
were three notes on a gong and then:

“ Mr. Franklin Norris, financier and pro-
moter. Bring me your inventions—gong
—gong—gong!” That was all; but it was
enough for Chris. He went inside.

   In vain did the clerk try to find out
what he wanted. He had an invention;
he must see Mr. Norris personally. He
waited an hour. People flitted in and out
of partitioned offices. At last Mr. Norris
would see him.

   He found the promoter an oldish man,
bald, and side-whiskered, seated before a
great square desk, with numerous tele-
phones and buttons thereon. At a certain
thing Chris said, Mr. Norris reached for
a button. Perry forestalled him by beg-
ging to be heard out. Fie had heard of
such things—crank chairs they called
them. An electric current held you help-
less until the attendants came to help you
to the street.

   “ I’m not a crank, Mr. Norris,” Chris
was saying. “ Do I look it? I can prove
every word I say. Here ”—he opened
the satchel and brought forth a tiny glass
tube—“ this is distemper. If you have a
dog you want to get rid of, just break
this near him. I could have brought a
dog with me; but then you’d think he had
it already. Try it on one yourself—or a
cat will do.

   “ The possibilities, as I said, sir, are
unlimited. Why bother to shoot an ene-
my with a bullet, when, by shooting, one
can kill but one at a time? With a dozen
104

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

or so of these capsules, filled with typhoid,
tetanus, or whatever germs you will, you
can kill by the score; yes, by the thou-
sand.

  “ An army can be annihilated by a
company. Why bother to kill at all?
With malaria, grip, incipient pellagra, or
even appendicitis, the enemy can be dis-
abled. All one needs is the cartridge and
the gun—ordinary gunpowder will do.”

  Mr. Norris listened attentively—nay,
he showed keen interest. Nothing could
be done that day—to-morrow at this time
would suffice and he would have talked
the matter over with his partners mean-
time. He would, he said, take the dis-
temper.

  The next day Chris was given almost
immediate admittance. There were two
other men with Mr. Norris, introduced as
Clark and Worth. They scrutinized
Perry carefully.

  Norris was the spokesman.

  “ Mr. Perry,” said he, “ my sister’s
cat, a somewhat ancient beast, died this
morning of distemper. It was a most
rapid and virylent case. I put the capsule
on the floor last night and stepped on it
as pussy rubbed against my legs. Her
demise resulted.

  “ There is no doubt in my mind but
what that capsule was genuine. I am
also sufficiently carried away by your
sincerity to believe that you can put up
other germs. As for the gun and the
cartridge, that is a simple matter. Here,
then, is the difficulty:

  “ Outside of prisons we would have a
hard time finding subjects. Were we to
use this thing wantonly, we might be
liable for murder. No one is willingly
going to lay himself open to disease, much
less seek it out.

  “ As for suicides, we can’t advertise for
people contemplating it. So there you are.
We could lay the matter before the gov-
ernment for you and draw up a contract
for future use. I doubt, though, if they
would do anything, with only dogs and
cats as subjects.”

  “ How about this?” answered Chris,

drawing a newspaper from his pocket.
“ There are subjects enough there.”

  The article, flaringly head-lined, ran
thus:

MEXICAN SITUATION ALARMING I

Ten Thousand Rebels Destroy Property and
Burn Villages !

YAQUIS AT THE BOTTOM OF IT.

  Troops Ordered Mobilized Immediately.

  Mr. Clark whistled, Mr. Worth’s eyes
popped as they read on.

  “ I never thought of that,” said Mr.
Norris.

  “ I think,” drawled Clark, “ that one
or all of us ought to go to Washington
and see the President; that is ”—and here
he beamed on Chris most benignly—“ if
Mr. Perry sees fit to let us handle the
matter for him.”

  Chris saw, and they drew up a pre-
liminary contract. Then he left the of-
fice, to find, when he got home, a message
from the College of Bacteriology to call
there for his examinations.

  This kept him busy for a week. He
must submit to thought wave tests where
his brain force was measured (a sensitive
plate on his head while, in a glass-
covered machine, grim old men watched
the needle run up and down, registering
the cell power); his aura examined in a
pitch-black room next, and he was ready
for the actual examination.

  A little nervous he was when he en-
tered the large, white room alone with
its row of tubes along the walls with the
rubber pipe attached to each for the hear-
ing of the questions. He walked to tube
No. i, put the attachment to his ears,
and listened to the questions. He an-
swered as best he could at each tube,
taking his time about it, as was his privi-
lege. He could give as many answers as
he liked and as long an answer as he
wished. It was his record until he pushed
the button over the tube that closed the
receiving.
THE COURTSHIP

  Three days this took him—three days
of terrific mental strain. There was no
way of “ cramming,” for once the hearing
apparatus was taken down the three
questions must be answered, right or
wrong. There was no listening at tube
No. i and going home to study, to an-
swer correctly on the morrow. There
was no knowing, when tube No. i was
finished, what tube No. 2 would ask. It
was say his say or call “ no answer.”

  The button once pressed, there was no
taking the matter up again. No button
pressed, the door didn’t open. One could
stay the night (there was a couch in the
room) or call for food, and it would come
up via the dumb-waiter. But leave a
tube button unpressed or a hearing ap-
paratus unreplaced, one could not. As
for bringing a list of answers, how could
he before he knew what he would be
asked? Then, too, he must wear the sim-
ple suit they gave him at each visit while
his own stayed in the locker down-stairs.

  He found it worth it, though, for on
entering the office to find Mr. Norris he
was entitled to be called Dr. Perry. That
gentleman, bursting into the room, never
thought to congratulate him. Instead, he
rushed at Chris with beaming face.

  “My dear boy!” he chuckled delight-
edly, “ I’ve just come back from Wash-
ington!”

CHAPTER V.

“ SOMETHING HUMOROUS.”

DUANE WARREN (called both
Du and Ane by baseball writers,
fans, and team mates) was in that
frame of mind that was known as
“ stumped,” the former slang word, like
many others, having worked itself into
the language. He went even farther than
that, describing his condition as
“ stumped all around.”

  In the first place, that noble and yet
(to .him) somewhat ambiguous speech of
Cherry’s began to prey a bit on his mind.
To do something “ more remarkable ” or

SUPERLATIVE.	105

“ ultrascientific ” was, as he expressed it,
like “ stealing second with the bases
full,” or “ bunting a home run into the
grand stand.” It couldn’t be done.

  A loophole of hope still remained to
him, namely, the “ something humorous.”
He thought of all sorts of things, such
as getting into the papers by running the
bases the wrong way or throwing an egg
at the batter instead of a ball. But as
fast as these ideas came he discarded
them. They wouldn’t do, and he knew
it. When a first-class, much-sought-after,
ninety-five-per-cent girl like Cherry Des-
brosses said “ something humorous,” she
must surely mean something “ big,” not
the “ silly-ass, nut stuff ” he was doping
cut!

  He racked his brains, sat up nights and,
worst of all, took to drinking a bit to give
him inspiration. The something humorous
came not—no, in spite of rackings, sit-
tings, and drinking, it came not at all!
Instead, something went.

  Up to this mid-July time his record
had been splendid—fourteen wins to six
defeats. From the time of the triple
proposition it began to fall off. His old-
time control was lacking; he lost the
“ old hop to the fast one ”; his “ floater ”
was mauled to every corner of the lot.
Eight defeats in a row changed him from
an idol to an object of jeers. The terri-
ble, sickening (he hated and feared it)
“ Take him out! ” sounded often in the
stands, now further to rattle him. He
was, in the opinion of the baseball
writers, “ on the toboggan.”

  He braced a bit in mid-August and lost
but two more games than he won. He
worried terribly when the writers called
him an “ in-and-outer.” It looked bad.
Finally, when the All New York team was
made up in the fall, Mr. Duane Warren
looked vainly for his name. The Harlems,
in second place in the City League, con-
tributed a first baseman and a utility in-
fielder, but no pitcher.

  Baseball had become a big thing these
days, to the dwarfing of theatricals and
other forms of amusement. The large
106

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

cities had long since outgrown from one
to two teams each. Half the time at home
and half on the r$ad no longer satisfied
the appetites of many millions of fans.

  So it was that each city had a league
of its own, of from six to ten teams. These
played it out in the summer. In the fall
each city made up a team of twenty-five
of the best men its league had produced,
and the championship of the country was
fought for in heated, lighted, and glass-
covered stadiums throughout the winter.

  Way back in the early nineteen hun-
dreds much annual excitement was
wrought up over a so-called “ World’s
Series ”—a dinky affair between the lead-
ers of the two great leagues. There was
now one that was a World’s Series; for
there were Australia, Brazil-Argentine,
Germany, and Japan-China to bet on in
the elimination games, and the big, real
World’s Series came off in the spring.
Then there was excitement.

  But to return to Duane Warren. His
chances for a money-making winter at
baseball were over. Of course, unless his
team released him, he was credited with
half salary. Besides, he was a sensible
boy and had invested securely. Seven
computing-name pencils of a thousand
each in the safe-deposit vault testified to
that. Financially, he had no cause to
worry.

  And now, the strain of the season over,
the quest of the “ something humorous ”
came back with redoubled force. He
went everywhere and thought of every-
thing.' At last, in utter despair, he spent
a loafing afternoon in the magnificent
Bronx Zoological Gardens. Here, of all
places, watching a cage of mighty
gorillas, the “ something humorous ”
came like a flash.

  From that moment on he got busy.

  First he became rigorously a student,
spending days and days in the educa-
tional moving-picture libraries and taking
to his own projecting room, as well, films
that he ran over and over, some of which
were:

  “ The Future of Central Africa.”

  “ Up the Congo in a Motor-Boat.”

  “ My Trip through Gprilla Land.”

  “ The Congo a,nd its Jungles.”

   Of course, he i^n simultaneously in his
phonograph the lectures that accom-
panied these travelogues, besides many
others in the same vein. Then his
career as a student came to a sudden stop.

  He went to the bank, drew out two of
his computing-name pencils and became
quite a purchaser. Two weeks later a
list of what he had bought read thus:
i collapsible aluminum motor-boat.
i sixty horse - power gasoline - electric
engine.

  i portable corrugated iron house.

  4	guaranteed paralyzing stkks.

   4	repeating rifles.

  4	automatic revolvers,
  i crate “Big League ” baseballs.
  i box gloves (all kinds, fielder’s, catch-
  er’s, et cetera).
  y2 dozen masks,
  x crate bats.

  ]/2 dozen chest protectors.
  y2 dozen shin guards.

   Of course, there were necessities such as
blankets, folding frame and canvas beds,
pots, pans, bowls, and cups of aluminum,
compressed food tablets of beef, all-vege-
table and milk, thermo bottles, a fireless
cooker; in short, all that went to make
up a modern, first-class camp.

  He selected for his companions a
“ rookie ” by the name of Quinn, a red-
headed, freckle-faced lad of nineteen.
An embryo catcher he was and showed
promise, his only present fault being a
tendency to throw to center field to catch
a man going down to second.

  The other was one Samuel Bleeker,
agld sixty and*known to a passing gen-
eration of fans as “ Slippery-Elm Sam,
King of Southpaw Spitters.” Said Sam,
now rather adipose, was king of nothing
at all but a badly paying haber-
dashery in Flatbush that he was glad
enough to sell out to accept Warren’s
liberal terms. What he didn’t know
about baseball from a whipsaw steal to
the squeeze play wasn’t in the book.
THE COURTSHIP SUPERLATIVE.

107

  Duane bid good-by to Cherry; but
what he had in mind he kept to himself.
He gave his destination as Africa and
said, with a sly wink, that he had some-
thing “ up his sleeve ” that, if it worked,
would prove “ a knockout.” The tiny
tear he didn’t notice for she turned away
her lovely head to hide it. Buoyant,
confident, and unafraid, he left her.

  So that is why next morning, the
older and the younger man beside him,
he boarded the gigantic, funnelless, half
electric and half oil-burning liner Blue
Ridge, bound for the Azores.

  The mighty ship, with her seven su-
perimposed decks, left the city with toot
and roar from the Erie Basin docks, a
city in herself. She slid past the old
Statue of Liberty, and going on down the
busy bay, dwarfed, in passing her, the
old and once so highly thought of Im-
perator that was moored close to Coney
Island. They used the ancient steam-
ship for a sort of floating museum, for
there, the public might gaze at live horses,
lobsters alive in tanks, cigars made by
hand and other obsolete things that a
past century had known.

  Soon, silhouetted against the setting
sun, the gigantic equestrian indian
statue (another symbol of that which
had vanished) with massive hand to
massive‘forehead, seemed to watch them
out to sea.

  The first day out Red Quinn had the
balancing lever put on in his compart-
ment (a ball-bearing contrivance that
made the square room move in opposi-
tion with each lurch of the ship) and
thus avoided the seasickness he dreaded.
But Sam and Duane, being better sailors,
used the caged-in diamond often to keep
in practise, both even participating in
several friendly games.

  Every morning came the newspaper
via wireless. There were the usual con-
certs, cabaret performances, and moving-
picture and talking-picture plays. They
ate three meals a day, played cards and
so on, the trip being otherwise uneventful.

  At the Azores, at Port du Manuel, now

one of Europe’s favorite winter resorts,
where the wealthy recuperated from so-
cial strenuosities, they transferred to a
Cape Verde and West Coast steamer.
This carried them to Monrovia, which,
since the hippopotamus trade, had be-
come quite a thriving and modern-look-
ing city. Sam was for stopping there,
for the heat was beginning to “ get ” him.
Warren, reminding him of the terms of
his contract, took ship for the port of
Bomba.

  Here, they found, was like stepping
back into another century. Progress, in
her march, had somehow avoided central
Africa. True, there were several hotels,
but they were of the ramshackle order.
Wooden quays rotted in the sun, native
huts of mud dotted the landscape, while
the narrow, winding streets were filled
with a polyglot stream of blacks, Portu-
guese and French traders, naked and
dirty children, with here and there a
burnoosed Arab or a bearded and gab-
ardined Jew.

  Yellow, sluggish, and wide, the mighty
Congo stretched away into desolate
wastes of animal-haunted forest and
fever-exhaling jungle.

  “ Well, Ane,” said Sam, mopping his
glistening brow as he sat at a dirty table
in the parlor of the dirtier inn, “ you sure
have toted us guys to the jumpin’-off
place. Gee, what’s here outside o’ nig-
gers, fleas, gnats, mud, and heat—forte
principally on the heat! Believe me, bo,
managin’ a Class Z bush league is para-
dise compared with this. Where do we
go from here—Hades?”

  “Whew!” echoed Red Quinn for the
thousandth time, “ it sure is hot-like,
there ain’t no gettin’ away from that. I
caught a game in Mexico City in July
wunst; but that was liquid air storage
compared with this part of the well-
known globe!”

  “ Boys,” remarked Duane as he lifted
one white duck - clad leg, with the tan
puttees and shoes, over the other, “ to-
morrow, I’m glad to say, we move. We’ll
have to get some of these niggers to help
108	ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

us put the motor-boat together and pile
our things in.”

  “ Move—where?” asked Sam in a
trembling voice.

  “ Up the river,” answered Warren.

  “ Where to?”

  “ Search me, Sam—until we find some-
thing humorous.”

  Long and queer were the glances Red
and Sam exchanged. The look said
“ The heat’s got him—-let’s go home—he’s
crazy.”

  But they didn’t speak their minds.
Sam had “ broke in ” the young man,
while Red looked up to him, both as an
idol and a model to pattern himself after.
Too bad! Such a nice boy! Well,
that’s what a bad season would do to a
man with his heart and soul in the game.
It sure was awful!

  Yet when the fixing and fitting out of
the boat came on the morrow, they were
both “ on the job ” and determined to
see the thing through if it “ croaked ”
them.

  So, at half past four on the morning
of the following day the tidy craft,
thirty feet long with a beam of ten,
everything aboard, poked her nose into
the brownish-yellow water of the Congo
and, without a word of farewell, chugged
her way up-stream.

  In the heat of the day they moved to-
ward shore and under a rigged-up square
of canvas they slept (or tried to) while
the sun blazed down on the yellowish-
greenness of river and jungle. To use
the words of Sam, it was a part of the
world that might better have been “ wiped
off the map.”

  Sometimes they passed a small sailing
vessel, the first two of the men had ever
seen, coming down-stream, bearing ivory,
coconuts, and mahogany. Sometimes it
would be a native canoe, made from a
dug-out log and paddled lazily by three or
four shiny blacks.

  At night, close to the shore, staring,
green eyes might be seen or thundering
roars heard, telling them graphically that
a lion had come down to drink, while yet

again the rhino crashed and splashed
through the brake, his two horns an odd
silhouette against the red of a rising
moon.

  Surely it was a country God and man
had both shunned and forgotten and here
went the three, deeper and deeper into
the jungle in quest of—(save the mark!)

“ something humorous.” Was the knight
of old outdone? In firmness of purpose,
daring, and fearlessness, side by side with
sheer ridiculousness, he was equaled by
Duane Warren.

  One dismal evening, as they chugged
along the now narrowing stream, flanked
right and left by overhanging trees and
murky, mist-exhaling swamp, Red lay
prone on his face in the bow, his arm out-
stretched, the hand dangling limp over
the water. Suddenly out of the stream
two ugly jaw-s shot up.

  There was a snap—Red, howling af-,
frighted, drew back his hand—and just*
in time. One of his fingers had been laid
open almost to the bone. The blood
trickled down palm and wrist.

   “ Here, let me bind that up for you,”
called Warren, fetching a roll of lint.
Red, too frightened to realize what had
happened, submitted. Warren, at the
task, kept jollying the rookie, making
sundry remarks about “ a first class
catcher ” looking out for his fingers,
adding: “ You might be sent for any day
to fill in,” and so on.

  “Great Caesar!” cried Sam from the
wheel at the stern. “ Do you know this
water’s chuck full o’ crockydiles, Ane?
You oughta see—get down you ugly
brute! Look out!”

  At the shrill cry of alarm Warren
turned just in time to see the long, vicious
snout poke itself up over the low free-
board.

   Crack! crack! crack!

   Warren’s automatic spit fire, and the
crocodile with a lurch and a splash went
back into the water, churning it into, a
white foam that gradually grew to crim-
son as the reptile lashed and twisted in
his death throes.
THE COURTSHIP SUPERLATIVE.

109

  The matter was not so soon to be
ended. The crocodiles, attracted by the
swirl and tasting the blood of their fel-
low, crowded about the boat. They
swam beside, before, and behind it in
slimy eddy; every now and then a hideous
snout raised. Wide, gaping jaws snapped,
tails swished dangerously near.

  “Mind the wheel, Red!” shouted
Warren. “ Get a ’matic, Sam, and let’s
pump these fellows full o’ lead!”

  Soon the primeval forest reverberated
with the crack, crack, crack of the re-
volvers, the shots sounding doubly loud
over the water. That water now seemed
a boiling mass as the bullets took effect.

  Still the swarms crowded as the reptiles
showed fight—still the bullets sped.
Darkness grew — the situation was more
grave than Warren would admit.

  Crack! crack! crack! crack!

  Splash! swish! splash!

  The snouts and snapping jaws seemed,
faintly seen now, to come from every-
where. What was to be done?

  A scream!

  “ Help! They’ve got me!” came Red’s
voice. “Help!”

  “ Hold hard!” shouted Duane. “ Hold
for your life!”

  Swiftly he dived under the canvas and
brought out a long, cylindrical object;
then as quickly as he could without over-
turning the boat, he crawled to the stern.

  The crocodile, half out of the water,
had Quinn’s doubled elbow just in the
end of his jaws. The man held tight to
the wheel for dear life. To shoot in the
half-darkness would have been risky. A
swerve of the boat (it was rocking vio-
lently enough as the ugly brute wagged
his snout from side to side in an effort
to drag the man overboard) and the
bullet might have gone through the thin
metal bottom.

  “Hold steady—I’ve got him!”

  Warren thrust the paralyzing stick
against the crocodile’s nostril, pressed the
button, and the stored-up galvanic cur-
rent swiftly passing through him, made
the beast relax his hold and slide back

helpless into the water. Red, affected
both by the reaction of his perilous posi-
tion and the communicated current,
flopped, a nerveless heap, into the bot-
tom of the boat.

  “ Here, Sam,” called Warren, “ take
this stick, keep the button pressed and
hold it in the water. All right—now take
the electric hand-lamp and get into the
bow.

  “ That’s right — shine ’er straight
ahead. Now look out, Mr. Crocodiles,
or I’ll run some of you down. There’s
one consolation about this dump, there’s
no motor-cycle or motor-boat cops or
even speed laws to bother me. Whoopee
—out of my way—I’m after a record!”

  He held the wheel with one hand and
with the other yanked back the lever that
sent the motor-boat cutting through the
yellow river. Her stern deep, bow out.
the water flying right and left in a V-
shaped fan, away she went.

CHAPTER VI.

“ ULTRASCIENTIFIC.”

MR. BENSON BETHUNE LEON-
ARD was conceited enough to
think that Cherry Desbrosses’s
remarks were directed at him. Who of
her three suitors, he asked himself, was
more capable of doing something re-
markable, humorous, or ultrascientific?
The latter condition, he figured, fitted
him particularly. If she had said solely
scientific, she might have meant Perry
as well; but by adding the “ultra”—
well, anything ultra, to use his expres-
sion, “ hit him where he lived.”

  Why, then, hadn’t she chosen him be-
fore the others if it was him she pre-
ferred? Humph! He knew women!
She was too kind-hearted for that; want-
ed to “ let them down easy,” so to speak.

 Why not? Warren was a young
pitcher on a baseball team. Fancy any-
thing humorous, remarkable, or ultra-
scientific coming from him! A refusal
might upset him at a time like this. He
110

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

evidently thought his looks (oh, yes, Mr.
Leonard had noticed them) would carry
the field. Looks—as if a girl of Cherry’s
mental caliber would stoop to the purely
physical!

  Perry? Pooh! A penniless student
that he honored by conceding him even
scientific. Then he thought he had no-
ticed a slur in Cherry’s voice when she
had referred to Chris as twenty-five per
cent physical. Twenty-five was worse
than seventy-five on a ratio, surely!

  Now, as for himself—she had called
him “ fifty-fifty.” Could anyone be
nearer perfection than that? Balanced
—that was the word—perfectly balanced.
A well-balanced man and a perfect wom-
an. That was the law of the improve-
ment of the race. There was no getting
away from that!

  Meanwhile Mr. Leonard was on his
way down-town in a car of the Sixth
Avenue and South Ferry Monorail Com-
pany (the ferry end of it but a name)
that whirred between the buildings, high,
high above where once had rumbled and
roared to drive one to deafness an anti-
quated elevated railroad.

  Reaching the Battery (now a mighty
curve of white marble steps leading
down to the water, with groves of trees,
a peristyle, Greek facade, statues, and
fountains for the pleasure of the poor at
night and clerks in the noon hour), he
descended at the kiosk and took the ele-
vator to the Staten Island Passenger
Tube. In three minutes time he was
whisked under the bay to Stapleton. A
city had once been proud of a ferry that
took twenty-five minutes to go to the
same place.

  Staten Island was now almost entirely
a residential section. From the Bay
Ridge shore it looked like one of those
towering wedding-cakes of times by-
gone, white, corniced, and spired, one
layer smaller than the other, each top-
ping each. In truth, nothing more apt-
ly described it. Sixty-story buildings,
marble-faced, ran around the entire edge.
Above, on the natural ridge, ran a simi-

lar one in a smaller circle, a still smaller
one ran above, j; and at the top the
smallest.	^

  Directly in the center a thin, high,
and octagonal tower rose, the home both
of the General Wireless station and the
naval observatory with the telescope that
saw twenty-five miles out to sea.

  Altogether it was a city of towering
buildings, with gardens, pretty canals,
and the curving monorails, express and
local, running in circles between circles.
Looking down from a plane, it gave one
the impression of a mammoth bull’s-eye
target.

  The buildings facing the bay were the
most desired and the most expensive.
Each waterfront building had its own
marble quay that stretched out into the
water. Here the bay was alive with
motor-boat, motor-yacht, and electric-
launch, canoe, rowboat, and shell.

  In the most favorably placed, central,
and conveniently located building on the
shore dwelt Mr. Benson Leonard. His
apartment was on the forty-eighth floor.
His laboratory and work-room occupied
six rooms on the thirtieth. His own
motor-boat was moored to the quay,
close to a square marble house which he
also rented and used for certain marine
experiments.

  To the negro porter, clerk, or elevator
starter, Mr. Leonard was a “ perfect
gem’man.” The barroom voted him a
“ good sport,” the quay a “ fine fellow.”
At No. 60 West Shore Semicircle, Staten
Island, no one, in fact, was better liked
or known.

  This day he arrived at his bachelor
quarters at about three o’clock. Cross-
ing the sitting-room of gray with its
changeable paneling, leather chairs, tiger
and bearskin rugs, and appropriate fur-
nishings of deer and buffalo heads, fenc-
ing foils, boxing gloves and the like, he
opened a cloor and entered the dressing-
room adjoining. He was looking for a
one-piece waterproof suit; for the water,
seen from the monorail on his way hither,
attracted.
THE COURTSHIP SUPERLATIVE.

Ill

  There was no need to look very hard
for what he sought. On the wall was a
blue frame of felt with white lettering
that could be changed or removed at
will. He ran his finger down the alpha-
betized list of his goods—waistcoats,
wallets, watch fobs—here it was—water-
proof.

  Beside each word was a round hole
wherein a peg fitted. Said peg hung
from a fine silver chain. Peg in hole—
a button pressed and whir-r-r-r-rup! a
panel in the wall slid up and there, on a
hanger, was waterproof, hat, goggles, and
slip-over shoes of rubber.

  A moment later and he was descending
in the elevator. Two, and he had met a
friend on the quay. Three, and he was
at the wheel of his motor-boat and shoot-
ing over the water at breakneck speed.

  He returned at five-thirty. Delcambre,
his Louisiana mulatto valet, was waiting
for him. He undressed, put on his bath-
robe, and the valet, having gone into the
hall and rung for the elevator marked
“ Gentleman’s Bath,” Mr. Leonard de-
scended therein.

  Twenty minutes were spent in the hot
room, where, in company with several
scantily clad fellow lodgers, he listened
to the latest news from the horn of the
General Phonograph Service. Next a
lukewarm shower, a rub-down by two
muscular Swedes, and he was ready for
plunge in the marble pool, sixty feet
by twenty, where he swam, floated, and
sported about in the clear and crystal
artesian water. A dry towel rub-down,
a shave in the magnificently appointed
tonsorial parlor adjoining the pool, his
bath-robe on again, and he ascended the
elevator to his rooms.

  “ I say, Del,” he said as the valet
helped him into his soft, white dress-
shirt of raw silk, “ what’s the color for
to-night’s dinner? I forget what I had
engraved on the cards I had sent out.”

  “ Blue, sir,” answered the mulatto re-
spectfully. “ I took the liberty of lay-
ing out the Copenhagen dress-suit with
the navy tie, waistcoat, and socks.”

  “ Think that’s better than the tur-
quoise?”

  “ Yes, I do sir, if I may say so. Be-
sides, there’s young Mr. Elm; he always
wears a turquoise suit. Remember, sir,
when you had the yellow and orange
dinner he didn’t come?”

  “ No, poor Elm hasn’t but two dress-
suits to his name, I think. That green
one always looked to me like one of those
confounded reversibles. The Copenha-
gen let it be then. You’ll attend to the
panels?”

  “ Yes, sir!”

“And the waiters—what did you get?”
“ Four Nubians, sir, and costumed
them in blue-and-white bloomers and
turbans that I hired at the costume room
down-stairs.”

  “ Good! The dinner I’ll leave to
you.”

  “Yes, sir!”

  “And the entertainment afterwards.
I hate those Hippodrome melodramas
and musical comedies that are so much
the rage for people who are so deuced
silly as to still want to see a spectacle
in the flesh. Vulgar, I call it, and I’m
something of an arbiter, Del. I’d rather
have it right here. No stupid symphony
coming out of an arc-light, either, mind
you!”

  “ I understand, sir. The films are al-
ready in the projecting room. I got some
new records from the Parisian Library
for the phonograph as well, sir. I’m sure
you’ll like them.”

  “ I hope so, Del. If this thing is a
success, there’s an extra ten-spot in it
for you.”

  “ Thank you, sir.”

  If the consensus of opinion of Mr.
Arch Spruce, General Hotel architect
(he was the fat one with the Prussian
blue dress-suit); Mr. Broad Race, ad
talker, the tall one whose suit of azure,
cuffed and striped with indigo, hung so
loosely on his slim figure); Mr. Boyles-
ton Tremont, hippo breeder (he of the
electric blue suit that became so well his
tanned face and close-cropped white
112

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

hair), and young Greenwich Elm (who
wore the turquoise, as Delcambre had
predicted), was any criterion, both din-
ner and entertainment were a great suc-
cess.

  Mr. Leonard, of course, was called
upon for a speech. He described Cherry
and they drank her health. He was one
of a favored three suitors; but it was a
“ cinch ” who’d win. He’d bet any man
present (hear! hear!) anything from a
dollar to a thousand that he’d be the
lucky man. (“ Hope you are! You de-
serve to win! Here’s to the lucky girl!”)
When a Leonard wanted anything he got
it, no matter what the cost.

  The Myriacolor pictures seen after-
ward in the projecting room, were de-
clared “ piquant ” and “ Frenchy.” They
would hardly be seen in a Sunday-
school, and yet were not offensive—alto-
gether. They were “ breezy ” and “ con-
foundedly clever.”

  As for the phonograph records, even
Leonard thought Delcambre had .out-
done himself in his selection of them.
There were little French ditties by Ex-
ilHa, the chanteuse, and dialect stories
par excellence by Maguire, undoubtedly
the greatest raconteur of his day.

  Fat Mr. Spruce laughed until the tears
rolled down his cheeks. Mr. Race
slapped his lean thigh as he guffawed,
aided and abetted, no doubt, by some
sparkling burgundy of the vintage of
nineteen-eighty, while Mr. Tremont’s
senile chuckle and Elm’s youthful chor-
tle sounded often.

  They were going. The Nubians were
clearing away. Leonard, there in the
hall, held back young Elm as the young
man started for the elevator.

  “ Gre’ch,” he said suavely as a “ Good
night, old sport!” came, diminuendo and
a little thickly from the descending
three, “ I want to ask you something—
something rather serious. Want to make
a little extra coin?”

  Mr. Greenwich Elm said he did—Said
it positively.

  “ Listen here, then,” resumed Leon-

ard, lowering his voice a bit. “ That
diving-bell is ready. I want some one
to go down in it. Some one I can trust.
I’ve tried my C-A-L” (the trade name of
the carbo-absorbo-leonard) “ on every
animal under the sun that I can get hold
of. It’s worked—you know that.

  “ The diving-bell is in the quay labo-
ratory. I’ve fitted it up with everything
—telephone, button-signal, and all that.
Nothing could happen to you. I just
want to see how long a man can stay
under if his carbonic acid gas is absorbed
as fast as he breathes it out. Will you
risk it?”

  Mr. Elm would.

  “All right—it’s one now. I’ll ring
you up at four-thirty. You will find me
below in the quay laboratory at five.
There won’t be many about then. That
all right?”

  It was.

  True to his word, at five sharp young
Elm, looking a bit sleepy, was there at
the end of the quay.

  Things, meanwhile, had happened. A
traveling crane had been run on its track
to the proper spot. Leonard’s three
other assistants, with the aid of a couple
of darkies, had brought out from the
laboratory a round ball of aluminum,
the circumference of which was about
twelve feet. This was attached to the
crane, the electricity was turned on, and
the ball was first swung out and over,
then dropped into the water. It sank
about three-quarters of its bulk, then
rode nicely.

  There was a running to and fro after
that. Wires were attached to the globe
and connected with the laboratory. By
the aid of the motor-boat the globe was
towed out some twenty feet from the
quay. Two glass-covered plates were
then put in the motor-boat. When Elm
arrived everything was in readiness.

  “All right,” said Leonard to him, “ go
ahead in. You’ll find everything com-
fortable. There’s a telephone inside that
we’ve just connected. I’ll keep in touch
with you all the time. If you should get
THE COURTSHIP SUPERLATIVE.

113

weak suddenly or anything like that,
you’ll find a white lever that you can
pull down. It’s attached to a com-
pressed-air torpedo that ’11 shoot you up
in a jiffy. Good luck—we’ll fill ’er on
this end.”

  Elm bowed and climbed down into the
motor-boat. He came alongside the
floating globe, reached out and opening
the trap, he entered the square. His
body half-way down, the two plates of
the C-A-L were handed to him. He took
them inside, shortly appearing again.

  “Let 'er go!” he shouted, and pulled
the trap down after him.

  The gray of the dawn just showed
above the buildings on the Bay Ridge
shore as the globe, at first slowly, then
with a rush accompanied by a hiccough-
ing pumping from somewhere, sank out
of sight, leaving a widening ring of gray
water behind.

  The gray light grew and grew. A
crimson slit of sky showed to the east-
ward. Already the motor-tugs began to
dot the water. Inside the square build-
ing, among all sorts of bottles, tanks,
wheels, and machinery, at a long table,
sat Leonard, his ear to the telephone, the
transmitter close to his thin lips.

   “Hello!” he called softly. “All right,
Gre’ch?”

   “All right. First batch of C-A-L dis-
coloring a little,” came Elm’s voice over
the wire.

  “ Open up your second when she gets
dark brown. How do you feel?”

   “All right!” answered the voice cheer-
fully.

  The crimson slit grew to a bank of
pink sky. An incoming liner blurred it
out for a minute. The tugs were thick,
now, towing barges and canal boats.
The city was stirring. More and more
often the monorails whirred and clicked.
There was a hum of awakening life.

  In the square building again at the
phone:

  “ Hello, Gre’ch. How do you feel
now?”

   Over the wire:

      8 A-s

  “All right. First batch N. G. Using
the other.”

  “ Sure you’re all right?”

  “Yep! Feel fine!”

  From pink to orange, from orange to
golden, and the sun had topped the Bay
Ridge buildings. The harbor was crowd-
ed with its daily quota of all sorts of
craft. Insistent was the hum of the
monorails.

  At the phone once more:

  “Hello, Gre’ch! How are you?”

  Over the wire:

  “ Getting—a little—dizzy. Second—
batch—tanning up.”

  “ Want to come up?”

  “ Wait a minute—I’ll—tell you.”

  A minute—two—five—ten—twenty.

  “ Let me up!” faintly over the wire.

  A lever pulled, and the hiccoughing
pumping again. The motor-boat chugged
out toward the slowly appearing globe.
Up—up—up it came. The boat was
alongside. The trap was swiftly opened
by one of the men and the air rushed
into the square opening with a sucking
sound.

  “All right, Elm?” called one of the
men.

  A pause—a deep sigh, then Elm’s

voice:

  “All right—be up in a minute.”
Leonard, standing on the edge of the
quay, looked at his watch. It was ten-
fifteen. At that rate, Elm had been
under water without air for four hours
and fifty minutes!

  In the thirtieth-story laboratory, a
room of concrete with its hundreds of
shelves, long, slablike tables, cranks,
wheels, innumerable buttons, and the big
tank sunk in the floor, Leonard listened
intently as Elm spoke:

  “ It seems to me, Ben, that if I’d had a
couple of tanks of oxygen I could have
stayed down another couple of hours.
There was no trouble at all except that
the air kept thinning. As I breathed
out, of course, the C-A-L soaked up the
carbonic acid gas. At that rate, with no
114

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

air coming in, it was only a question of
time before I’d be in a vacuum.

  “ Now, a tank full of air turned loose
when the first wis all gone and a fellow
could, with enough C-A-L, repeat the
process over and over. You might even
stay down for a day.”

  “ Why a day, Gre’ch?” answered
Leonard with a lift of his left eyebrow.
“ If one could invent a machine for ab-
sorbing and compressing air and keep-
ing it in tanks, a man, or any number of
men, could stay under water for a week.
So, with electricity as a motive power,
the submarine problem would be solved.
There would be no chance for a repeti-
tion of the Holland-type horror of fifty
years ago.”

  “ But could any such machine—”

  “ I think it could, Gre’ch—I think it
could. In fact, I have an idea for—”
Leonard broke off short. “ I’ll name-

pencil you an extra fifty, Gre’ch. Go to
bed if you want to—you must need some
sleep. Tell Craig to ring up the Pulmo-
tor Assistance Company and have them,
send me one of their very best men. I
think I’ll go to work on this thing right
away.”

  Up came that eyebrow and Benson
Leonard, his chin on his fist, was deep
in thought. So young Greenwich Elm left
him.

  A machine for compressing enough air
to keep men under water for a week—
it wasn’t so hard. With the absorbing
of the carbonic acid gas by the C-A-L
the result was half accomplished.

  The submarine problem solved—the
navies of the world rendered useless—
could there be anything more “ ultra-
scientific ” than that?

  The way to Cherry Desbrosses lay
clear!

TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK. Don’t forget this magazine is issued weekly, and that
you will get the continuation of this story without waiting a month.

tr	u ^ tr

THE SUBSTITUTE

BY FAITH BALDWIN

               WHERE once I prayed, I may no longer kneel,

Dim are the temple and the vacant shrine,

And, crushed beneath a careless, brutal heel,

The cup that guarded Memory’s crystal wine.

The Worship-Love I knew is long since sped,

The broken bubble of a shattered dream,

And Hope’s white rose lies on the altar, dead,

Gray ash the incense; cold the taper’s gleam.

                  Let me now play at merry Make-Believe,

                  With heart-door locked, and dance, with Life, the Jade,
                  To laugh with lips that quite forget to grieve,

And eyes that watch the ceaseless Masquerade.

Love’s blithe half-sister seeks me, tender-wise,

                  To kiss her rougish mouth must be my task,

                  She comes to me, in Friendship’s sober guise,

                  With eyes that mock, ’neath her black-velvet mask!
BEHIND the last grated door on the
right, in the rear corridor, Tullis,
No. 110, paced the length of his cell
-—back and forth, back and forth through
the patch of sunlight.

  It was nearing the last quarter of the
forenoon—between tenvand eleven—that
flood-time of highest vitality, when cap-
tive animals and caged men feel most
keenly their extremities a-crawl with life.

  Tullis was a big man, but he moved
with a curious padding lightness, for all
the weight of him. The knees bent a trifle
and the shoulders stooped—not the labor-
stoop, but the furtive sag of the slum-
born. There was a noticeable lack of
motion to those shoulders.

  A man walks with a lurch, a swing, or i
a slight bob to the shoulders. One looks
for it. But here there was no movement
above the hips. The fact lent a strange
sense of alertness to the impression. The
movements were those of an animal.

  It was November. Canned sunlight
filtered in through the iron grating outside

H. A- Sfurfzel

the high window, through the bars and
dirty glass of the window itself—thinned
until it fell aslant the stone floor like
a light coating of sulphur-dust.

  The cell was a death-cell, a “ solitary ”
in prison terms, for Tullis, on one of his
nervous nights, had killed a man, and was
to die on Saturday morning, the 12 th of
November—just three days off.

  Seven ordinary paces was the length of
that cell, the seventh always bringing
Tullis’s foot hard up against the stones
at either end. Or else it was five long,
quick ones that Tullis took when he was
cramped and needed shaking out, as on
this morning. That left enough play at
each end for him to swing his bulky shoul-
ders around freely as he pivoted on the
ball of his foot at each turning.

  Sometimes for a change he would turn
at the far end of the cell, take the three
long paces across the width, then seven
down the other side to the door, and so
on around the edges, completing an ob-
long circuit. That made twenty paces in

115
116

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

all for a complete round, eighteen when
he cut the corners, or twenty-two when
he circled back on himself, making a figure
eight by crossing the nicked flagstone in
the center of the cell twice.

  All of which seems like so much dawdle
when set down in black and white, but to
Tullis it was not dawdle. To him it had
represented the key to his balance, if not
to his sanity, during the past six months
-—this and the counting of the stones in
the cell wall, in rows, up, down, across,
and around. It gave him something to
grip with his mind. There was nothing
else. There was no means of communi-
cating with other prisoners through bars.
The walls were of flagstone, all but the
door.

  There was the sound of a step in the
echoing corridor—the captain. Tullis
knew by the peculiar scuff of one heel on
the flags. His pacing ceased. A voice
called out:

  “ Give us the time, will yu, pard?”

  It came from one of the cells. It was
a low voice, a typical prison voice, curi-
ously husky from long disuse and stone-
damp, and a bit of a whine in it that
courted a turn-down or a kick. This had
to do with the unescapable incubus of self-
pity that rides men who are locked in
cells.

  Tullis placed an ear close to the barred
square in the center of his door, and
caught the answer:

  “ Ten-thirty.”

  He renewed his pacing. The footsteps
came nearer and stopped. A key rattled
in a door, an order was growled, then the
door clanged open and shut and the foot-
steps of two instead of one retreated down
the corridor. Tullis cursed.

  There was to be another “ masked line-
up ” in a few minutes. There had been
two of them so far. Soon they would
come for him and he would march down
the corridor ahead of the captain and two
armed guards, around the turn to the
left where a metal door would be unbarred
and unchained, then down four steps and
into the general room.

  More armed guards would be waiting
there, also a file of detectives, all masked,
and Bivins, the new prison psychologist,
would come in with the warden and give
a lecture on the prisoners. Another live-
stock exhibit.

  And what was the use of it? Over half
that line-up were “ lifers ” and “ bump-
offs.” They would not be on the city
books again.

  Tullis continued his pacing.

  Tullis was Rube Tullis, who had been
the “ Whang ” in his cub days, but was
now the “ South Paw Pouter ”—yeggman,
gangman, “ gun,” stall, and “ cahoot,”
from Lower Mercer Street on the East
End water-front.

  All of which was depicted in full in the
cryptic epithet “ Pouter ” to any who ever
frequented that region of fantastic nick-
names from Fat Harry’s Place on North
Tremont Street, to “ Tony the Black-
smith’s ” and the Blooston’s, the last and
murkiest cavities in the East End crime-
belt.

  Here in this jungle-patch of slum, men
and women had fought and loved, be-
trayed and killed each other for genera-
tions to earn their respective “ handles,”
the names which would blast them, or
brand them with fame ever afterward,
according to the adroitness and daring
of their crimes.

  Everything was in the names. For
instance, the “ Whang ” stood for a “ moll-
buzzer,” which is a dealer in paramours,
while the “ South Paw Pouter ” referred
to a characteristic bulge under Tullis’s
coat, a bulge where a gun had been slung
in a left-handed holster—a gun that itched
and was uneasy.

  It was just this uneasiness of the gun
in the left-handed holster that had put
Rube Tullis where he was.

  For a long time past Tullis had had to
pay a “ tax ” to operate in a certain fat
district, and that tax had gone to none
other than the night captain of that pre-
cinct, a man named Blaine, who, as Tullis
knew, was doing more to foster crime on
OFFICIALLY SPRUNG.

117

the East Side than any ten crooks in the
city.

  The captain had been too foxy to meet
his dupes in person, and had employed a
trusty ward-man, an ex-pugilist, as his
collector. One night Tullis had met this
ward-man in an appointed “ dive ” to
settle up for another month’s “ pickings.”
The go-between, inflated over his recent
easy money, had topped his extortions
with a threat. Tullis’s gun had barked
once, and the town was rid of one of
the worst of her bleached little Franken-
steins.

  But the town wanted Tullis just the
same, and the police had to deliver the
goods, for Rube didn’t get a chance to
run that time. Getting wind of this, chief
among those in at the capture was none
other than Captain Blaine himself, full of
praise for the meddling patrolman who
had made the “ bottle.”

  Thereafter the affair had quieted down
on the surface, but underneath it all things
had gone on working, sinister and effective
undercurrents that were unknown even to
Tullis himself. For instance, though the
crime was committed on the very edge
of the city-front, Tullis had been
“ sloughed-in ” at the Head Office, several
miles into the heart of the city.

  He had not been in jail more than an
hour when he was arraigned before the
commissioner of police. Here a relay of
questions had been put to him, questions
that filled the allotted procedure-time but
got nowhere. And strangely enough, one
of those who led him out had been Cap-
tain Blaine.

  One of Blaine’s hands had gripped
Tullis’s sleeve, the other had grasped his
hand, and when it was removed a moist
pellet remained.

  Back in his cell Tullis had picked the
pellet apart, found it was a scrap of paper,
and read this:

. Sit tight. You’ll have to go to the pen, but
we’ll spring you. Eat this.

  No signature.

  Then Tullis knew that the commis-

sioner, too, had had a hand in that little
system of Blaine and his ward-man. He
remembered now how the commissioner’s
questions had hardly borne on the case
at all. The whole examination had been
a stall in order that Blaine might get the
pellet to him. They would do anything
to shut him up.

  A week later he had been removed to
the penitentiary. All that was six months
ago.

  And sp, although the Blind Lady’s
scales had been buncoed against him, and
Rube Tullis was to die “ before sunrise
on the 12th of November,” there was
probably no one in the State less worried
over the matter than he himself.

  Tullis had no intention of being
“ bumped-off.” He had friends in the
u high places.” Also Tullis could talk.
And if he were allowed to talk, there
would be many a one in the “ high places ”
and some on the city force that would
set up a squeal, and a few of them might
don the stripes, even as he.

  Purposely during his twenty-odd years
of crime in the city, Tullis had assiduously
“ cultivated ” certain acquaintances with
“ pull,” in anticipation of just such a
pinch as this. That was business.

  For instance, there was the Head Office
Commissioner and his fox Blaine. These
two were the most important—the nearest
to the wires.

  There was Darrow, the ferret-faced
little criminal attorney, who was now
bucking the courts.

  There were two jewel-brokers who knew
what had become of many a “ rock ” of
Tullis’s passing.

  There was Mallory, a plain-clothes
“ dick,” whom Tullis had freed one night
from a certain “ gun-joint,” for reasons.

  There were various “ fly ” politicians
on the East Side who owed Tullis a good
turn and who were itching to balance
things with him.

  And there was Abe Solow, “ fence ”
and impromptu costumer, who would be
working every politico-crook in the city
118

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

from the day he heard of Tullis’s capture,
for Tullis’s fall meant his fall.

  And so for months these mysterious
forces under the surface of things had
been reaching up out of “ dives ” and
“ hop-joints ” of the underworld, reaching
and tightening about the bloated throttles
of officials, politicians, and citizens, with
an influence the power of which cannot
be conceived by one who has not been
himself on the inside of the political ward-
game.

  Men close to death are prone to unload
their inmost secrets. Rube Tullis had to
be “ sprung.” Legal means had failed.
“ Official ” means were now to be switched
on to the situation.

  As Tullis paced and thought, other
footsteps had been passing along the cor-
ridor. One after another he heard the
cell doors open and close. He knew that
one armed guard was now stationed at
his end of the hall, that another was at
the turn in the corridor, while two more
came and went, escorting each man to
the line-up.

  It was twenty minutes before the key
rattled in Tullis’s door. The cross-bar
slid back, and the captain stepped in. At
the grunted order, Tullis arose from his
cot in the blue gloom and came forward.
The movement would have been unnerv-
ing to one not accustomed to the sight.
It was like the sudden stirring of ringed
coils in a dark covert—man’s psychic re-
action to the stripes.

  Past the guard and out into the cor-
ridor he slouched. That slouch had be-
come as involuntary as second nature. It
had nothing to do with bravado or any
sense of wrong. Again, it was the stripes.

  In the general room he took his place
in the uneasy, shuffling line. It was the
old Byrne’s system, dating back to the
seventies, being renewed. There were
over forty of them, filched from the
shadiest denizens of the East Side.

  Almost to a man they knew each other,
yet there was not a lift of an eye in recog-
nition; for a man who knew a man who

was probably due to be “ bumped-off ”
might be “ sweat-boxed ” to tighten the
noose about that other man’s neck.

  They toed a chalked line.

  Across the room were the detectives,
on hand for the criminology lecture—all
masked. Tullis probed three of the
“ silks.” There was “ Camera-Eyed ”
Fraser, who never forgot a crook’s face,
once he got a square look at it; and little
Wilkinson, who could “ take-off ” a woman
better than anything the stage could show;
and Sands, the fetish of the Bowery,
whose great bulk no manner of disguise
could conceal.

  Between the barred windows at the end
of the room stood two armed guards; by
the door stood another; out in the hall-
way was a third. There was no voice
while they waited.

  Cavanaugh, the warden, now entered,
followed by the little psychologist. Biv-
ins took the floor and delivered a short,
crisp talk on the aims of modern crim-
inology. Byrne’s masked line-up had
never before been attempted in a peniten-
tiary, but at this particular time records
at headquarters showed that nearly half
the undesirables of the city were in cus-
tody. Those at the top had thought it
an opportune time to make an example
for the East Side to remember.

  Bivins was a brain—a small, ferretlike
man with sharp, shifty features of the
paleness that goes with hair that is fiery
even to pinkness. Somehow there was
too much light in those blue eyes; they
were too glary, like those of a bird of
prey. During the preceding two lectures,
Tullis, who knew predatory men, had
felt those eyes weighing him as an in-
vestment.

  Bivins drew up a wheeled blackboard
and produced a list.

  “ I have here the names of six men—
homicides, due for the chair,” he began.
“ They should prove rather interesting.
We’ll endeavor to map out the similarities
of head, features, build, and habits of
these fellows. Also we’ll get at the work-
ing of their brains a bit.”
OFFICIALLY SPRUNG.

119

 r

  Somehow Tullis felt that he was one
of the six. Two men were called forward,
picked for a striking similarity of head.
Side by side they were exhibited, the
strong light from two of the windows
playing upon their faces. Their type of
head was charted on the blackboard.
Suddenly Bivins broke out into a scathing
record of their past, leaving no intimate
phase unrevealed. The two were “ calio-
cephs,” said the little psychologist; their
perversion due to sexual precocity.

   “ Very well,” he said jerkily. “ Take
your places.” Then the birdlike eye
darted down the line, rested on Tullis,
and the white, upraised finger flicked
twice. Tullis lunged forward.

   With an ejaculation, Bivins ran a hand
over the short-cropped head.

   “ Gentlemen, we have here exactly the
opposite type from the first two—the
bovine as related to the feline in the
human. This is the purely physical, ani-
mal type of the younger races. The
stamp of the bull is plainly in the bulge
of the forehead, the full, wide eyes. The
fellow is angry at these proceedings. Note
the dark blood mounting the neck and
face—almost purple.

   “ Most recent alias in the books is the
‘ South Paw Pouter.’ Left-handed and
right-brained. Over half your vicious
types are. Some of ’em are ambidextrous.
It’s because neither lobe of the brain is
as yet differentiated. Of course you know
the right brain controls the left side of
the body and the left brain the right side.
You and I have our left brain fitted for
cerebration. These fellows do their think-
ing with the right brain mostly—big men
with a child’s brain. That’s your key to
perversion, you plain-clothes men.”

   Shooting quick, snappy sentences, Biv-
ins had been running his hand over the
cranial bumps on Tullis’s head. The
hand now slid down to the back of the
neck. Something slipped under the striped
collar, and Bivins had turned again to
the assembly.

   Tullis’s eyes never changed.

   Four other short talks followed, then

one by one the prisoners were marched
back to their cells. It was an hour later
that Tullis extracted from under his shirt
a thin quill of paper. Sitting on his cot
with his hands apparently hanging list-
lessly over his knees, he read this:

  Prison psychology gag phoneyed-up at Head-
quarters for you. Your picnic. It’s the only
way to get you out of the cell at right time.
Little spieler, a shyster; best imported defense
from St. Louis. He’ll have you spotted by time
you get this. Be on lookout for next kernel.
Spring you Thursday night. Make way with
this.

  No signature.

  Tullis’s face never changed. Noise-
lessly he jerked the note in two, chewed
each piece to a pulp, and swallowed it.
Then he lay down.

  Thursday night. It was now Wednes-
day morning. Tullis grinned.

  So the psychology stuff was a game—a
game to throw a scare into the East Side
as advertised, but underneath a game to
“ spring ” him. Some fox, the commis-
sioner. Clever little cuss, Bivins. And
God, how he could lay a man open, show-
ing the wheels in his dome. What a crook
he would have made.

  Then Tullis took an hour’s nap.

  Thursday came.

  All that morning Tullis waited, but no

  kernel,” no “ high-ball.” It was not
until nearly noon that the line-up was
called. The talks that morning were brief
and not on homicides. Only a handful
of the force was on hand. Tullis was not
called up. No “ kernel ” from the little
“ shyster.”

  Twelve o’clock and back to the cell
again.

  At one the new guard came on. All
depended upon this man or the one who
relieved him at six. It would be a ticklish
job. There are methods for eyes and ears
in prison corridors that even guards do
not suspect—eyes watching through bars
for something on which to build a last
plea. Tullis watched.

  The hours dragged by. He began
120

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

counting them. Those who rattle off
prolonged and unhealthy climaxes for the
city-sick, on the galloping moments of
the condemned, see these things from the
parlor instead of the rucks of men.

  Suppertime came unmarked. At six-
thirty Tullis was standing by the bars
when the footsteps of the night relief were
heard coming from the front entrance.
The guard going off duty brushed past
his door on the way down the corridor.
Suddenly he whirled, struck viciously
through the bars, planting a blow .on the
side of Tullis’s head.

  “ Say, get back from th’ bars w’en I
go past, will ye?” he snarled. “ Tryin’ t’
spring somethin’, but that gag’s too old!”

  The impact of the blow and the result-
ing scuffle of feet could be heard the length
of the corridor. Tullis reeled, and had
gathered himself on an instant for a lunge
of that left of his that would have crip-
pled the guard’s arm, when he stopped.
He licked his lips, and his left arm fell
to his side.

  “ Hell with you,” he growled softly,
carrying out the scene for any eye or ear
that might have been trained in that
direction.

  For at that instant Tullis had sensed
something which had fallen noiselessly
from the hand that had just withdrawn
from the bars and now lay in the shadows
at the back of his cell.

  The face of the guard remained pressed
close to the bars.

  “ Keep yer mug where it belongs after
this,” rumbled the face with a curse, then
the up-corridor eye winked once, a mirth-
less wink, baleful in its wiseness, and was
gone.

  While the two guards exchanged the
time of day down the hall, Tullis found
the crumpled missile. It was wrapped in
a piece of dirty waste, so as to look ex-
actly like a bit of cordage from the
“ trusty’s ” mop. An hour later he saw
his chance and read:

   To-night. Special talk called by shyster for
crowd of big bugs at nine. Commish, pen in-

spector, fly-polls, college prexies, and a crowd
of Parkhursts coming. None of the force. Not
a gun in the crowd. At noon to-day every gun
in the pen was faked with blank bullets made
by a firm that's all right. Only you and five
others in line-up to-night. When talk is on
make your jump for the shyster. Bulldog Colt
inside his coat, with sap. Don’t use it unless
you have to. Go through crowd, out door, and
turn to left through office.. Big blond screw at
door is safe. Guns on wall all faked. Find rope
and hook at middle of east wall. Coat on other
side. Go to Abe Solow.

  That was all. Tullis ate the note and
took to his cot to wait.

  Then, one upon another, came trooping
a hell of thoughts. It was all so* smooth
and soft, to read it. But God, what a
risk to run, all on their word for it. He
didn’t even know who was the writer of
those notes. Probably Bivins, and what
could he expect from a “ mouthpiece ”?

  “ Guns all faked—go through crowd.”
What if it were a put-up game to put
the damper on him? Egg him on to make
a bolt for it and be riddled full of holes
like a mad dog in an army camp! He
knew the commissioner and his kind like
books. Still, they had played straight
with the “ kernels.” But if they were
clever enough to “ frame up ” the thing
on the level, they could make it work the
other way, too.

  “ God, the dirty—”

  He was trembling all over. Sweat stood
out on his temples. There was a padded
footfall in the corridor and a chuckle.
Tullis jerked upright, trying to erase the
lines of rage, but not quickly enough.

  “ Aha. So it’s gettin’ you, is it? I
been a-watchin’ you lately. Been holdin’
yourself too stiff the last few weeks.”
The grinning face of the new guard was
pressed close to the bars. The sudden
palsy lest the man had deduced the truth
passed, and Tullis mopped his brow.

  “ God,” he muttered hoarsely. “ It
ain’t me nerve, it’s the nights! I seen a
line-man fumble into the ‘ hot-stuff ’ once.
Every night I sees him in me sleep, a-
smokin’ up there on the pole. I’m leary
about droppin’ off now.”
OFFICIALLY SPRUNG.

121

  “ Heh, heh, heh. It always gets ’em
that way the last forty-eight hours. The
rope or a bullet’s somethin’ a feller can
understand, but this here juice-—■”

  Still chuckling, the guard passed on,
his footsteps dying away down the cor-
ridor. Tullis sneered. Then he arose
and began pacing. Yes, he would try it.
The thing might be on the level. He was
in good condition for all the six months.
His lips writhed back from his teeth. He
would make that jump for the little “ shy-
ster,” and if he went out, the other would
go, too—if he had to “ strong-arm ” him.
But Rube Tullis would never go out by
the “ juice ” route. Better the bullets.
That was a man’s death anyhow.

  Already some subtle wave of uneasi-
ness was going through cells and corridors
—that occult sixth sense that warns cir-
cus performers and men behind bars when
something is about to happen. Probably
the night shift had brought it—some feel-
ing they had contacted in passing through
the outer office, the one place where such
things are known beforehand.

  The pacing continued.

  The prison gong had sounded nine
through the yellow-lighted corridors some
twenty minutes before, when Tullis was
marched down the echoing hall, around
the turn to the left, through the grated
metal door and into the general room.
There, only one door remained between
him and the outer dark, and the guard
there was “ fixed,” so the note said.
Tullis was the last in. The other five
were already on the chalked line. The
strong light made him squint.

  Up at the head of the room he saw
the “ starched-fronts ” already assem-
bled. Not one among them but what
Tullis knew, personally or through others.
There in the end seat was the broad, mer-
cantile front of the Boss of Ward One,
beside him three smaller “ fly polls ” of
Tullis’s acquaintance, bloated and big-
jowled. There was the bald head of the
“ pen ” inspector who had come on each
of the six months Tullis had been in,

and there was the commissioner at the
other end of the row.

  Behind these loomed the “ white-
brows ” from the colleges, pale and
austere, and still farther back the inevita-
ble Parkhurst delegation, nearly a dozen
of them, frock-coated, and some of them
with queer little mutton-chop whiskers,
that seemed to be the badge of the anti-
vice crowd.

  Quite a layout in his honor. Well, they
would get an eyeful to peddle to the rice-
and-cereal circles before the show was
over. Fat chance of a gun in that crowd
—or a nerve — unless — the commis-
sioner—

  The murmuring of the assembly ceased.
Bivins had risen. Cavanaugh, the warden,
and Tullis’s guard of the afternoon,
having despatched their duty took places
against the opposite wall. At the end
was a guard, by the door another guard.
It was like a dress parade.

  Tullis sized them up while Bivins was
getting away. Counting speaker and
audience out, there were only the two
guards and Cavanaugh. Tullis’s guard
was “ right.” The guard at the far end
of the room he could blow over one-
handed. He took in the guard by the
door—a played out “ pug ” by the looks.
Maybe he was right, too. A fighter out
of the game is easily bought. The out-
look was good there.

  But Cavanaugh the warden was a dif-
ferent proposition. Over two hundred
pounds of brawn and nerve. But there
would be the Colt — and the other five
would be into things by that time.

  Bivins was warming up to his opening
talk. It was a most polished and pro-
fessional performance, to all appearances
the pith of years of study on criminology.
Just then Tullis could have worshipped
that diamond keenness of brain. And the
nerve of it—calling in the highbrows and
bearding them at their own game.

  Reporters were becoming febrile, try-
ing to catch his every word.

  Tullis was second to be called forward.
The same talk as on the preceding days.
122

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

Stolidly Tullis submitted, and watched.
The crowd loomed before him as in a
blurr, its center the commissioner. He
studied Bivins’s coat. It was unbuttoned .
so there was no bulge, but one side was
weighted.

  Bivins had now come to the personal
part — the remarks about the “ animal
man.” Now was the time. Feigning
sudden rage, Tullis sprang. He clapped
the little shyster to his breast, partly as
a protection, one hand diving to the inner
pocket. It was there — a small, blunt-
nosed Colt—an automatic—and around
it a leather “ thong-sap ” was wound,
loaded with shot.

  Tullis was partial to “ thong-saps.”
There had been a certain hard winter on
which he had learned to wield one with
the unerring effect of a sand-bag. One
glancing blow and the little psychologist
lay crumpled up on the floor!

  With the same movement Tullis whirled
to meet the day guard coming like a cata-
pult across the room. The “ sap ”
flipped again in Tullis’s left and found
the side of the guard’s head with a dull
thud. Two metallic clicks were audible
—the “ doctored ” rifles of the guards—
then curses. No shot from the crowd.
The commissioner was playing straight.

  Tullis’s rush had not slackened—
straight over the figure of the day-guard
that had sunk to the floor, straight at
the man by the door. Now from behind
came shouts, the scraping of chairs and
Cavanaugh’s voice bellowing orders,
breaking the frozen silence that had first
settled over the room. Like animals when
one has leaped on the trainer, the other
five had clutched the situation and sprang
at Cavanaugh and the remaining guard.

  There was no time to lose. The door-
guard had pulled his trigger once more,
then clubbed his gun and struck. It’s
descent had been parried by the butt of
the blunt-nosed Colt; then the “ Pouter ”
had the barrel in both hands. They
clenched. It was only a moment. Tullis
had seen that the door was not barred.
Suddenly he released his grip, the guard

staggered and the Colt came down on the
middle of his forehead. The fellow’s
head flew back and found the floor with
a crack just as the door burst open. It
was the hall-guard.

  Straight at Tullis he leapt. There was
time for no more fighting. The Colt
barked this time from the Pouter’s hip,
and the figure of the new guard was left
crumpled on the floor beside the other,
with a bright red blotch on the white face
that grew and spread like magic under
the merciless glare of the arc-light.

  Tullis had gone — slid out the door,
closing it upon a room that shook with
sounds as from an inferno. Big “ Buck ”
Cavanaugh was putting up a terrible
fight, and the other guard had come to
his aid. The getaway was covered.

  By the time shouts and running foot-
steps told that the prison had been
aroused, Tullis'’ soft-footed rush had car-
ried him into the office. The big guard
at the outer door whirled about in pure
terror at the hell that looked out of that
face limned above stripes. It was the
blonde “ screw ” mentioned in the
“ kernel,” and he made no sound now
but a stifled gasp, for he loved life better
than Rube Tullis.

  “ How about it? Do I crawl yer
hump?” hissed Tullis, never stopping
that padded lunge.

  No answer. Once more the “ sap ”
came down just gaged to deal nonentity.
In a trice the blue coat and cap were
ripped off and on himself.

  Next moment he was in the outer dark.

  Just a thin sickle of a moon; good!

  Bending low, he ran, hugging the
masonry. His left was closed over the
automatic in a grip like love. He came
to the comer of the wall he had been
following—the end of the cell-houses that
stretched out into the quadrangle. There,
a hundred feet ahead, loomed a great,
gray barrier — the wall. No sentry in
sight. But a moment, and he had flitted
across the open stretch and was crouch-
ing in the shadows at the base. No one
had seen.
OFFICIALLY SPRUNG.

123

  It was sheer twenty-five feet of solid
masonry, that barrier, topped by a row
of spikes and broken glass, except for a
narrow walk along which a guard passed
every ten minutes with a rifle loaded for
action.	'

   At last!

  He had been groping along the base
and had stumbled over that which his
fumbling hands had missed—the rope—
a long coil of it, thin and strong, and on
one end a hook—a clamped hook muffled
in cloth. In a moment he had coiled it
like a lariat, stepped back from the wall,
and cast. High up over the top the hook
flew. It grated on the stonework as he
pulled on the rope—then held fast to the
iron spikes above.

  Now a sudden hubbub broke forth be-
hind him. The door through which he
had bolted burst open—Bivin’s audience
scurried like rats into the night. Within,
as the door swung to, the sounds of the
struggle still echoed.

  Tullis had swung clear of the ground
now for the overhand climb. The rope
was so small he could get no palm grip.
His full weight was on his fingers. Ten
feet up his hands were bleeding and the
pull on his arm sockets was terrible.

  Up — up — up. He braced his feet
against the masonry to ease the strain.
Half way up the sweat was blinding him,
though the fall chill was in the air. The
tendons of his fingers were hardening to
steel. He could not open them.

  He was climbing now with his hands
alone—a hand’s breadth at a time. It
was an agony of will to unclench one set
of fingers and put them above the other.
His breath scorched his lungs like a living
flame, and his heart seemed pounding
against his throat with a rending double-
action that was beyond all control, when
at last his groping hand encountered—the
hook. Then he was lying across the wall
like a broken thing, heaving, the jagged
glass gashing his abdomen.

  But it was only a moment. In that
moment he had seen a dark road below,
and beyond an embankment that dropped

down into the west side freight yards.
A low laugh came from him then—the
old laugh of Mercer Street, for none knew
better than he that in that jungle of
“ dead freight ” a man’s trail ended where
it began.

  He turned the hook, dropped the rope
over the other side, and let himself
down. Half way, and the rope slid
through his paralyzed hands, burning the
flesh like fire. He rolled out in the weeds
at the bottom and lay there for a mo-
ment listening. Faintly from the quad-
rangle came the sounds of excited voices,
but without, all was silent.

  He had found the bundle with the
long coat in it now. A black hat was
with it. In a moment it was the guard’s
coat and cap that were wrapped up, and
a figure in a long coat and a black hat
pulled low over the face, slipped across
the road, dropped down the embankment
and was swallowed up in the blackness
of the freight yards.

  That was ten o’clock.

  Just two hours later that same cloaked
figure was flitting furtively along a mean
side street in the West End’s “ Little
Moscow,” a good three miles from the
prison wall. A certain black alley-way
received it; a moment later a rickety
stairway that sprawled against the rear
end of an old wooden rookery, creaked
under cautious footsteps, and a knock
sounded on the door above.

  Then, the door flung a crack of light
into the dark, and the face that peered
through the crack was that of the very
crime-monger of the city—Abe Solow,
“ fence ” for the East and West Side,
sixty years old, dirty, white-bearded, son
ol an anarchist, father of two pickpockets.

  “Open up — wide open!” snapped
Tullis, giving the panel a kick.

  The Colt trained through the pocket
of the long coat, swept the lamplit in-
terior. Then he stepped inside. The
key clicked in the lock behind him.

  Neither spoke a word. Tullis strode
into the next room, searched it, found
nothing, and sat down. The old Jew
124	ALL-STORY

shuffled after him and pointed to the
soiled bed. A shoddy second-hand suit
with a cheap stripe was laid out, beside
it a black hat and a shirt.

  Solow went to the small, round stove,
threw fresh wood on the fire and sat
down, his back hunched up like an old
satyr’s. An enumeration of the escapes
this old reprobate had aided would prob-
ably have filled a volume. At last Tullis
arose.

  He stripped. The lid came off the
stove and the striped pants dropped into
the flames. His underwear followed. The
Jew, seeing, brought out another suit, and
socks. Slipping into the trousers, Tullis’s
hand came out of one pocket with a roll
of bills. He counted them without
changing expression. Fifty dollars. Fold-
ed with the money was this note:

  This is the last donation. We’re through.
It’s' cost us $9,000 already. Clear the town as
quick as God ’11 let you. From to-night on
there ’11 be a price on you, dead or alive. Ship
over the Pond. If they nab you again there
won’t be a second chance.

  That was alL Fifty dollars and a hand-
me-down suit to call it quits with him,
and he could have sent half of them to
the Island. But they knew he would
never have the nerve to buck the force
again.

  Tullis sat down on the bed.

  “ This here uniform from your joint
down-stairs?” he asked.

  The Jew nodded.

  “ Well, we’ll just amble down an’ pick
out a frock with lines to it. I’m aspend-
in’ the winter at Palm Beach. I’ll be
needin’ a full worsted layout. I’m leavin’
me cravanette with yu fer ‘ hock,’ see?”

  “ Ach, Moses—” began Solow.

  “ Dry up, now,” said the Pouter. “ We
ain’t arguin’ none to-night. Now in half
an hour I’m hittin’ the main drags
through the town, but it won’t be in no
striped come-back like this. You’re goin’
down-stairs with me now, or I takes the
lamp an’ does it myself.”

  Cursing in Yiddish, Solow obeyed.
Passing a cracked mirror on the wall,

WEEKLY.

     *

Tullis got the first look at himself in six
months. His mouth dropped. Deep lines
and the gray prison pallor were there. It
would brand him anywhere in daylight.'
He would need a little tan make-up.

  The figure in a cap and rubber soles
that padded out of the alley-way a half
hour later was that of a workman, tanned
by years in the open. With the roll-neck
of his jersey pulled well up over his chin
he walked down one of the well-lighted
side streets, neither crossing nor halting
for anything. His course was in the di-
rection of the Union Yards.

  A bit later a coughing switch engine
dropped him well beyond the city-limits.
At 2.10 a.m. the night flyer, westbound
for Chicago, took Rube Tullis on a Nortb-
town Junction, not as a passenger in one
of the brilliantly lighted cars, but as one
of three phantoms that leaped onto her
blinds as she gathered momentum in her
two-hour dash to Philadelphia.

  Tullis had nothing to do with those
other two shadows. The road “ high-
ball ” was exchanged as the three huddled
together in the dark, back of the swaying
tender, then Tullis mounted the tops and
flitted lightly over the car-roofs at a
stooping run. By the time the Limited
straightened herself out of the last maze
of switches and settled into her hurtling
speed, Tullis was splatted flat on the top
of the diner, the last car from the end,
one arm hooked around the ice-rod.

  He had held down the tops of many a
train, but never the Eighteen-Hour Lim-
ited. By the time the open country was
reached he was breathing through the
neck of the jersey. The visor of the cap
was pulled low for a cinder shade. Road
grime imbedded itself into his very pores.
The tail of his coat whipped like a lash,
and he had to press his face close to the
ventilators to breathe.

  She slowed down for nothing. At times
he gasped like a man slipping under water.
The shriek of the whistle, loosed fourteen
cars ahead, swept down upon him, rending
his eardrums as if he were lying over its
mouth. Protesting automatic switches
OFFICIALLY SPRUNG.

125

rushed past like clanging excited voices
out of the dark ahead.

  But even this didn’t hold Tullis’s
thoughts as he clung there. This was
merely the thing that was giving him back
his “ front.” With every lurching mile
he felt his nerve rising — the eternal
egotism of the criminal over his own feats.
He had “ strong-armed ” the force for
ten years, and to wind up he had put a
crimp in the Blind Lady and stepped out
of the chair. And New York couldn’t get
him.

  At the end of an hour there was a one
minute stop at a watering station. Tullis
held his place. Up ahead, however, he
saw the other two had jumped for it and
were coming back along the cars. Proba-
bly a live town.

  One of them made him out as they
passed beneath, and there was a hail.

  “ Say, bo, don’t you know this line?
Big division point up ahead—lousy with
‘ fly-cops.’ Better make a drop for it
now.”

  Tullis started. Already the train was
in motion again. He made a run to the
end of the car. He was stiff and cramped,
and by the time he got his grip to slide
down the folding blind the Limited had
gained half her speed. It was no use.
To jump now meant a broken neck. He
pulled himself up with a curse, and re-
gained his old position on the throbbing
top.

  Tullis knew division points from many
a dirty experience of the past—knew them
as very nests for the railroad’s deputies.
Just now he feared these more than any
city police. A side-walk “ bull ” was a
“ slough-foot,” but the road knew how to
hire their “ strong-arms ” — wise nerves
from the big city-fronts. Also they knew
the lay of the yards. He had to blunder.

  A week in the city hock for beating
the Trunk Lines. The meaning of this
flashed over him as he recalled that his
picture would probably be all over the
country by to-morrow. His hand went
to the cold chunk of steel in his pocket
for assurance.

  It was another half hour before the
brakes shrieked again. This was no tank
town; there was a great halo against the
night sky. Tullis was down between
blinds by the time the bell clanged at the
yard-limits. A moment later he risked a
jump, catapulted twenty feet and brought
up against an iron switch post. He rolled
over, struggled to rise, but fell back with
a groan, just as a dark figure bore down
upon him. The town was Pembroke.

  Big John Saunders, night yard-master
at Pembroke, was huge, hairy, and preda-
tory—by very nature a hunter of men.
To the “ little men of the tops ” and to
every cronic “ vag ” that ever hit the road
westward from the “ bright lights ” in the
spring, he was known as the toughest
proposition in yard-bulls east of Chicago.

  “ Hellbender ” John was the- road cogno,
known the width of the States, provoking
a curse wherever it was spoken. Over two
hundred pounds of brawn and sinew
Saunders had been known to crack the
skull of a rambler who “ got dirty ” with
him, with one blow of his fist.

  It wras none other than Saunders him-
self who pounced upon Tullis as he sank
down at the foot of the switch post. Now
whatever his five years of night ferreting
had given him, it had taught him to know
men. As the thin shaft of his bulls-eye
found the twisted features of Rube Tullis,
Saunders started, and the descending
“ sap ” fell with doubled force, dealing
unconsciousness. For at that instant
Saunders had seen the prison-cropped
head, from which the cap had fallen.

  Two things Saunders knew. This was
no “ vag.” Chronic bums were not in the
habit of dropping from the tops of the
Eighteen-Hour Limited on cold November
nights. It took a nerve or a trailed man
to hold that down. Also men do not have
their heads shaven in November.

  In a trice, Saunders, with the limp fig-
ure in his arms, pushed open the door
of an empty section house, dumped his
burden onto a bunk, and lit a lantern.
Then he searched. The sap and the
126

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

Colt’s automatic brought forth a grunt of
surprise. Then from an inner pocket he
drew the fifty. That was enough.

  Saunders was no fool. A man does not
buck a November wind on top of a flyer
with fifty dollars in his clothes without
reason. Ticket agents were often keen on
remembering faces. Saunders pocketed
these trophies, locked the door and sat
down to wait.

  There was a scheme forming in the
mind of John Saunders. Incidentally, he
had not confined himself to mere vag-
hunting during his five years in the yards.
He had found through experience that the
majority of the men who beat the roads
were crooked and that very often it paid
not to turn a man over to the city authori-
ties—at least, not until he had made his
own investigaions. This of to-night looked
like a haul, and “ Hellbender ” John was
not one to let a good thing get by.

  A whistle sounded from up the tracks,
a heavy out-going freight just dragging its
lumbering length out of the tangle of
shuntage. Sanders arose and stepped to
the door. It was his business to watch
that freight out, coup or no coup.

  As the key rattled in the lock, Tullis
on the bunk, opened his eyes a trifle and
took in the interior without moving his
head. Already a stealthy hand had as-
certained that his pockets were gutted.
The door swung open. Tullis’s muscles
gathered and he launched himself, just as
Saunders whirled.

  A board in the bunk had creaked.

  Locked together the two men fell
through the open door into the dark and
the rain outside. Tullis was uppermost,

but he felt himself breaking. Right there
he knew how a stone cell can sap a man.

^ Inexorably, the great broad back of
John Saunders was rising under him, lift-
ing his entire weight. Tullis felt the
other’s tremble as his last ounce of re-
serve was called into play. The yard-
master gained his feet. His two hands
gripped Tullis’s arm from in front. Then
he doubled up like a released spring. The
body of the Pouter shot over his shoulder
like a sack of grain. It was the “ flying
mare.” Only Saunder’s bulk could have
sprung that.

   Tullis came down on all fours in a pud-
dle of water. There was a blinding, tear-
ing flash that was like an explosion. A
sheet of blue-green flame danced over the
surface of the puddle and over the body
of the electrocuted Tullis, who lay like
a broken reed, one leg over the third-rail.

   The concussion had staggered the yard-
master, six feet away.

   The blue-green flame danced no more
now. A thin wisp of smoke rose from
the figure that had b^en Rube Tullis and
eddied on the faint night wind.

   On Saturday morning, just twenty-six
hours later, the body they laid out on a
morgue slab, a block from the head-office
station in New York, was broken,
crumpled, and staring-eyed, just as it
would have been had it been carried out
of the death-chamber of the penitentiary.

   The law nor yet the city had been able
to get Rube Tullis, nor had he gone out
in the chair, but the lightning had found
him and the outcome was the same.

   Even the time was the same, early in
the morning on the 12 th of November.

 U	U	U	tX

THE SPECTER

  BY MABEL J. BOURQUIN

 TV/HAT matter if beyond the utmost pole
 ^ Man hides his guilt and deems him safe from fear?
 Like sudden trumpet breaking on his soul
 A fearful shadow whispers, “ I am here! ”
y Octavus Roy Coken and J.U.Giesy

Authors of ** Nothing But the Truth/* etc.

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS

SHIELA McLEOD, daughter of a wealthy leading citizen and the spoiled and petted darling of
the younger set, reads in the paper the announcement of the engagement of Dorothy Car-
rigan, her best friend, to Edgar Trevor, an old school-day chum whom Shiela herself loves
(secretly) and had always expected to marry, though actually they had never been anything but
good friends. Incensed and shocked, on the impulse of the moment, she writes him a most in-
discreet note which she sends by messenger to his apartment. Realizing almost at once what she
has done she tries to get it back, and, failing, recklessly rushes off to recover it herself. She man-
ages to slip into his rooms and gets the note, but before she can leave a party of men begin a
card game in the room opposite, leaving the door open. Trapped, she remains in the room, finally
falling asleep. Trevor in the mean time is at a bachelor dinner in honor of his engagement;
there it is also arranged that he shall run for mayor on one ticket while his best friend, Renwick
Langdon (who secretly loves Shiela), runs on the other, thus assuring a clean administration
whichever wins. Returning to his rooms, at three o’clock in the morning, Trevor is shocked and
amazed to find Shiela. He endeavors to smuggle her out, but is seen by the man across the hall,
a gambler and gentleman adventurer, named Harvey Kennedy. He gets her home, however, and
returns intending to see Kennedy and find out how much he has seen and if he has recognized
Shiela.

CHAPTER VI.

 THE SWORD OF DAMOCLES.

FOR Trevor, the fifteen minutes
which sufficed to take him back to
the Avalon were about the worst he
had ever spent with himself. He walked
with bent head, shoulders somewhat sunk
forward. It is odd how disgrace, or even
its threat, can put the droop into the car-
riage of one never before assailed by
popular outcry—bend a head always car-
ried upright heretofore.

  Up to this night Edgar Trevor had al-
ways been rather a popular idol—the
most popular man in Edgewater, as he
was sometimes called. Of good family—
old stock—than which nothing is more
This story began in the AIL

potent for recognized standing in the bet-
ter society of the South; handsome in a
dashing way, a modernized replica, as it
seemed, of some of those old forbears of
his who hung still in paint in the halls
of his family home back “ up country ”;
supplied with sufficient means to main-
tain all his obligations, and possessed of
a mind of scintillant brilliance, he had
long been accustomed to take, as a matter
of course, the position conceded to him in
the city.

    His career as city attorney, marked as
it had been by some really clever work,
had lifted him to an even higher pinnacle
of popular attention. This morning, as he
struck savagely out on his return to the
apartments, he saw the whole fabric of

,-Story Weekly for August 26.

127
128

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

his position threatened with horribly
swift collapse.

  As he had said to Shiela, he fully in-
tended to put her suggestion of a call on
Kennedy into effect. But the thing
spelled humiliation to a man of his type.
Of a rather quixotic attitude toward wo-
men and girls, always preserving that al-
most romantic pose toward the sex upon
which masculine chivalry is founded, it
little suited him to approach even the
gentlemanly gambler on this matter which
must inevitably involve the character of
the girl he had just left in a discussion,
even though there was no mention of
names.

  The sincerity of his feelings were
proven fully by his determination that
there should be none of that—that if he
found Shiela had been recognized by
Kennedy in that brief instant of open
doors, he would end the entire discussion
and take such steps to protect her as he
might. ,

  Of course, she had been madly foolish
—but had certainly meant no wrong. He
had known her so long, ever since they
both were children. He knew her for a
tomboy girl, a harum-scarum sort of a
maiden, and now a hotly impulsive wo-
man; and he knew her for a pure woman,
also—perhaps the more daring in her im-
pulse, because she scarcely ever thought
of the wrong things of life.

  It was going to be mightily unpleasant
to face Kennedy and meet his more com-
mon, less polished, but more experienced
unbelief in a girl like that, and seek to
convince it. Still—it appeared the only
course at present. If only he had taken
the step at once, the instant Kennedy
slammed his door. The worst of it all
was to go to him now, would be so much
more apt to assume the appearance of
trying to beg off—the offering of a
thought-out explanation after a time had
elapsed.

  He muttered a curse under his breath
as he mounted the steps and entered the
Avalon lobby. He was charging straight
at the stairs head down, when the voice

of the telephone-boy fell on his ears.
“ Mistah Trevoh, sah 1 ”

  He paused and whirled.

  “ Fo’ de Lawd! ” explained the negro.
“ I done brought dem haidache powdahs
a long time ago, sah, an’ toted dem up
ter your room. I knocked an’ knocked,
an’ nobody done answered. Den Mistah
Kennedy done opened his door an’ said
as how you-all went out wid a lady. I
reckon he’s been drinkin’ wid dem cayrd-
players of his’n. How’s you-all’s haid?
I got dem powdahs here.” He produced
the box and handed it over. “ Shall I
run you up?”

  Trevor nodded and pocketed the box
of powders, produced a coin, and flipped
it to the darky. “ Thanks, yes. I did go
out for a walk. What’s that about a
lady?” Despite his efforts to appear
nonchalant and indifferent, his own voice
sounded flat in his ears.

  “I dunno. He jes’ said you done went
out wid one. He acted sort o’ funny.
■’Peared to me lak he was listenin’, de
way he done got his door open so quick.”
Sam started the car up the shaft.

  Inwardly Trevor writhed at this fresh
turn, due to Kennedy’s common nature.
But with the ability of his legal training,
he kept his face calm. “ You didn’t see
any lady come in here to-night, did you,
SanV?'’

  “ In here?” the boy grinned. “ Lawd,
no!”

  “ Then where did Kennedy get that
stuff?”

    I dunno. I reckon he was dreamin’.”
Sam shook his head. \

 “You saw me come in—brought me
up?” Trevor continued to rivet his im-
pression on the negro’s mind.

  “ Yassuh.”

  “ I didn’t have any woman with me,
did I?”

  “ No, sah.” Sam was growing serious,
too.

  “You didn’t take one up and let her
into my rooms, did you, while I was
gone?”

  The boy’s eyes started. “ My Gawd,
THE RECKLESS AGE.

129

Mistah Trevoh, sah, no! I done tuk up
a note, but dat’s all. I drapped it through
th’ slot.”

  Trevor nodded. “ Yes, yes. I know.
That was all right.”

  “ Dere was a lady done called up
about—”

  “Yes, yes. You told her I was at the
club. She—reached me.”

  “ Yassuh.” Sam nodded and stopped
on Trevor’s floor.

  Trevor stepped out, and because he
knew the boy would probably watch him,
he went swiftly to his own door, opened
it, and entered his own apartment with-
out another word. He heard the slam of
the shaft gate, as he closed himself in,
and the purr of the down-dropping cage.

  “ Common,” he sneered. “ Dirt com-
mon. Mentioning a thing like that to a
nigger servant. Bah!” His lips curled
in contempt of the man across the hall,
the man upon whose mercy he must cast
his own and Shiela’s reputation. What
could he expect from a person of that
type if already he was making gossip out
of the affair?”

  Passing through the den, he made his
way into the bedroom, intent on gaining
his bath and freshening up a bit his hag-
gard appearance before interviewing the
man who, no matter what his individual
character, was in a position to compel his
appeal.

  And passing the bed, he noted what,
during the tense time of his finding of
Shiela, he had overlooked—a bit of torn
and crumpled paper upon the counter-
pane.	%

  Instinctively he put out a hand and
caught it up, straightening out its wrin-
kles, before secondary consideration cried
that it was to regain and destroy the very
thing of which this was a part that the
girl had made her mad venture—that as
such it should be inviolate from his eyes
—that while she lay on the bed in restless
slumber, it must have fallen from the
open neck of her dress, and so remained
behind when she rose.

  That thought came later, and only after

    9	A-s

he had caught the first part of those
words the fragment contained: “ Oh, my
dear one, she cannot love you as I do—
as I have loved you for years.”

  Trevor’s hand closed on the fragment,
crushing it shut, hiding the rest of that
pitiful confession. The blood flooded his
face, receded, and left him shaken, star-
ing before him at nothing.

  So this was the secret of Shiela’s mad-
ness. She had heard of his engagement
to Dorothy, and at once, hurt, wounded,
she had written to him, telling him—God
knew what, but certainly of her love.
Her love! She loved him! Poor little
Shiela!

  He sat down on the edge of the bed
where he had sat beside her. No wonder
she had dared all to get back that fatal
note of impulsive outcry from a hurt
heart. He could understand it all now
so much better. Any anger or resent-
ment he may have felt up to this time
left his own mind, and left behind noth-
ing so much as pity. What else could a
man feel toward one who had loved and
lost—himself?

  Surely he could not blame her, either
for her love or the first backfire of know-
ing it was unrequited, which had inspired
her note. And then, pride rousing, she
had taken a desperate measure to regain
the missive and save herself from the
shame which must follow its reaching his
hands. And he had offered her marriage
—but such a marriage!

  His sympathy grew swiftly. Poor little
Shiela — poor hurt, little woman heart!
He pressed his lips together and crushed
the scrap of her torn note in his hand.
Now, more than ever, it was plain that
he must shield her—save her—this girl
chum of his young manhood, who had
done what she had because of her feeling
for him. There could be no question
now as to his going to Kennedy and ask-
ing the gambler to help him save the
woman. Surely the man must have some
rudiments of chivalry in him if one could
reach it. At least it was his, Trevor’s,
duty to try.
130

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  He got off the bed, went in and
douched his face and neck with the cold-
est water he could gain from the tap,
shaved himself quickly, put on fresh
linen and a business suit, and was ready
for the interview before him. Regain-
ing the hallway, he crossed it directly,
and setting his lips into a line of deter-
mination, put up a hand and rapped
sharply on Kennedy’s door.

  No answer. He rapped again. Doubt-
less the man was asleep after his session
at cards. For the third time he ham-
mered away and then attacked the bell.

  “ Get out! Go to the devil!” The
words drifted to him muffled.

  “ Kennedy—Kennedy—I want to see
you!” he called with lips close to the
jamb of the door.

  “ Hello! Who is it?”

  “ Trevor.”

  “ Oh!” shortly. “ Well—wait a bit.”

  There followed a pause, while Trevor
leaned against the wall of the hallway;
then came shuffling footsteps from within
the apartment, the rattle of the knob, and
the door was swung inward, to reveal the
tousled blond head of Kennedy sur-
mounting a figure clad in pink and white
striped pajamas. He was a young fellow
of not bad appearance and a pair of cold,
gray eyes, which fixed on the attorney.
“ What do you want at this hour of the
morning?” he said.

  “ To see you.” The black eyes of the
lawyer met the gray of the gambler and
held.

  “ Come in,” the latter invited, holding
back the door.

  Trevor entered. Kennedy closed the
door and locked it with a thumb bolt,
waving his early caller before him to a
den of similar proportions to Trevor’s.
“ Sit down.”

  Trevor took a chair. Without circum-
locution, he came at once to the point.
“ I wanted to see you about this morn-
ing—earlier this morning,” he said.

  Kennedy flopped into a chair of his
own, took a cigar from the partly' filled
box still on the table with a jumble of

bottles, ashes, and stubs, and struck a
match. “Oh, I’m wise to that. I was
looking for you, but not so darned early,”
he remarked between puffs. His eyes
fixed firmly on the other man. “ You
must have been making a night of it
yourself, old man, but you might have
let me get my beauty sleep at least.” He
tossed away the match and lay back in
the depths of the chair. “ Well—shoot.”
“ You saw—” Trevor began.

  “ Not more than I had to. I shut the
door. I deemed that I chose an inop-
portune time to open in the first place.”

  “ You did—in the first place.” Trevor
seized the opening presented. “ If you’d
left it closed earlier in the evening, I
wouldn’t be here asking you to help me
protect the good name of an innocent
woman.”

  The somewhat thin lips of the blond
man twitched the least bit in the world.
“ Yes? How’s that?”

  Trevor flushed to his own disgust be-
fore that ghost of a smile. “ She—she
came up here during the evening on an
errand,” he went forward quickly;
“ found my door unlatched — it some-
times fails to catch—and stepped inside.
A moment later, when she started to go,
you had opened your door, and she found
she could not leave without being seen by
yourself and your companions. Quite
naturally she waited.”

  “ Oh, quite.” Kennedy’s lids contract-
ed slightly. “ Trevor, are you asking me
to believe that stuff?”

  “ It happens to be the truth.”

  “ That an innocent woman came to
your rooms, in this apartment building,
and went into them last evening?”

  “ Yes.”

  “ You want me to believe that?” Ken-
nedy’s smile broadened. “ Trevor—we’re
men—not boys.”

  “ Oh, I know how it looked.” Once
more Edgar Trevor flushed.

  Kennedy nodded. “ Yes, I guess so.
You shut the door in a hurry. By the
way, rumor has you slated in the race for
mayor.”
THE RECKLESS AGE.

131

  Once more the two eyed one another
like antagonists in some deadly duel,
seeking to ferret out the adversary’s in-
tention. Kennedy’s smile came back
again, cold and thin, about his cigar.

  Trevor spoke. “ Never mind rumor,
Kennedy, in this. I didn’t come to you
to speak of rumor, or to save myself alto-
gether, nor to ask you to close your lips
over anything you saw or think, for my-
self alone. I came here to give you the
word of a man, his word'tsT honor, that
no matter how things appeared to you—
no matter what interpretation the world
at large must place upon what occurred
under your eyes to-night, there was
nothing wrong about it. That girl was
and is as innocent of all wrong, either in
thought or action, as you and I would
like to believe any woman of our own
blood.

  “ She’s clean, man, clean; and I’m ap-
pealing to you not as my friend—for I
know you as an enemy, rather, not from
a political standpoint, or for any other
personal reason. I’m coming to you as
one man to another, and asking you, as
a man, to protect the good name of a
good girl who did a foolish action and
found herself trapped because your door
was set open and prevented her leaving
unseen. I can prove my own absence
during the greater time she was there.
I—”

 “ Your room was lighted when I
opened my door,” Kennedy interrupted.

  “ And at that time I was at the Senee
Club,” said Trevor.

  Kennedy nodded. “ One of the fellows
heard your door close later, but we saw
no one go in or come out.”

  Trevor, put a question sharply. “ Did
you keep your door open till you broke
up?”

  “ Yes. That was just before three.”

  “ I know that. I met your guests.
They rang for the cage as I came up.
Renwick Langdon came to the Avalon
With me, and I urged him to come up for
a smoke. He will verify that. Also your
friends will bear me out that I asked Sam

why my door was open and my rooms
lighted.”

  Trevor paused, feeling he had gained
an advantage.

  Kennedy seemed to think so, too. He
frowned slightly, appeared to consider,
and spoke again abruptly:

  “ Who was the girl? As it happens,
Trevor, .although not in your set, I hear
a lot of gossip. I wouldn’t hesitate to bet
I know more about the private lives of
your local aristocracy than most of their
intimates do. Who was this girl? Tell me
her name, and let me judge for myself.
Without going into my ow» methods of
life, I’m not the man to willingly or
knowingly throw mud on a clean woman’s
skirts—no!—nor to push one who’s been
down and is trying to get back, either.
Who was the girl?”

  “ You didn’t recognize her, then?”
Trevor queried, and realized instantly his
blunder.

  Kennedy laughed outright. “ And you
a lawyer, reputedly clever, old chap. Was
it to learn that you routed me out of
bed?”

  “ No!” Trevor got up and faced him
squarely. “ No, it wasn’t. That was an
exclamation, rather than a thought out
question, Mr. Kennedy, I think. Neither
she nor I knew whether you did or not;
but we did know that ij you did, the only
course left us was to marry. As it hap-
pens, I am engaged to another girl.”

  “ Yes, I know,” said Kennedy, still
smiling. “ That was another thing which
made the whole business seem rather raw
—especially to-night.”

  “ Oh, I know how it appeared to your
mind,” Trevor flared in disgust at the
turn things had taken. “I’m trying to
show you that appearances are sometimes
misleading.”

  “ So are professions and poses,” said
Kennedy with a chuckle despite an added
tinge of color in his cheeks and beneath
his steady eyes. “ Trevor, you’re a pretty
high flier, from all I know about you,
which is little, but enough to please me—
since I care nothing about it at all. At
132

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

the same time it appears that while up to
now you have been either clever or pretty
decent, you to-night find it necessary to
get down to the level of my common,
every-day sort of dirt, and look life in the
face as you find it.

  “ Grant that my code isn’t yours, at the
same time we are both just men under the
surface veneer. I don’t believe I’d be any
more ready to injure an innocent girl
than the next one. Therefore, I’m going
to overlook your hot-headed fling, and
ask you again to tell me that girl’s name.”
“ I can’t.” Trevor set his jaw. “ That
would be the act of a cad.”

  “ Or a wise man—good finesse,” said
Kennedy lightly. “ Still—I suppose that’s
your code, Jioblesse oblige—protect the
woman—the woman—regardless of other
conditions, convenience, or common sense.
Well, that’s where the common man and
the man of caste differ, Trevor; but—
damned if I don’t believe you. I’m a gam-
bler, you know, and a gambler has to be
able to size up the other fellow.

  “ Speaking just as a man and as men
go, I’d call you a sneaking liar; but sizing
you up, as I’d size up a man I intended to
trim of his wad, I think you’re telling the
truth. And because of that I’m going to
give you my word to forget all about what
I saw this morning. If I’m right, it’s just
what I should do, and if I’m wrong—why,
I guess it doesn’t much matter—so—I’m
going to take a chance.”

  “Kennedy!” Trevor put out a hand.
“ Kennedy—I— Hang it, man. I ask
your pardon. We’re both men, and we
both want to save the woman—I fancy
with you, too, it’s noblesse oblige, no mat-
ter what you say. But Sam said you told
him I went out with a woman, and it
made me a bit hot under the collar. I
thought—”

  Kennedy laughed. “ That I was an
awful rotter, eh? Wrell, may be I was;
but just then I supposed if you had that
skirt there, Sam must have winked at her
coming in. There is a difference between
us though, Trevor. Now, if I’d made a
crack at a man like you did a minute ago,

I’d have let it ride no matter how the turn
went. It takes your gentlemen born to
learn how to apologize. Don’t be too
satisfied with my promise of silence, how-
ever. I wasn’t the only one who saw you.
Buck Frieder was right behind, me and—”
“Buck Frieder!” cried Trevor, and
paused aghast.

  “ Yes,” Kennedy nodded. “ He didn’t
recognize the girl either, though, I can as-
sure you of that, for we talked the matter
over. Lord, Trevor, why didn’t you come
in then—right away—and face the thing
up, if it’s as you say?”

  “ I thought only of getting her home,”
said Trevor, sick to the soul as he realized
all Kennedy had put into words.

  Buck Frieder was one of the strongest
McSwayne henchmen, one of his most
rabid adherents. Small chance that he
would neglect the weapon fate had thrown
in his way for use in the coming campaign.
No matter what Kennedy did or did not
do, Frieder would talk. The hope which
had leaped at Kennedy’s words, sank and
died. He gave him the glance of one ut-
terly discouraged.

  “ That settles it, I guess. I couldn’t go
to him—and it wouldn’t do any good if I
could. That girl’s white as the virgin,
and they’ll paint her black as hell.”

 “Is she? Look here!” Kennedy
spoke sharply.

  Trevor lifted his head and met the
scrutiny turned upon him. His shoulders
straightened and went back. “ Before
God, she is.”

  Kennedy got up and began to unbutton •
the frogs of his jacket. “ Sit down, then,
and wait,” he directed. “ I’ll go to Frie-
der myself. I’m—I’m taking your word.”

  “ I told you the truth.”

  Kennedy jerked on a shirt and trousers,
thrust his feet into low shoes, added a
collar and tie. “ Stick around,” he said,
and went out of the door.

  Trevor waited, the victim of conflicting
emotions. He had to admit that this
gambler had surprised him. After all, the
class to which he himself belonged had no
monopoly of the virtues. One was apt to
THE RECKLESS AGE.

133

turn up streaks of sterling worth in the
most unexpected places. Humanity was
an odd mixture—a jumble of good and
bad.

  No one could doubt that Kennedy was
acting from purely unselfish motives; that
he was deliberately refusing, with his eyes
wide open, to use a potential weapon, if
by so doing he was apt to injure any other
than the one against whom it was di-
rected. That was the act of a gentleman
at heart. Would he be able to induce
Frieder to follow his altruistic lead in the
matter?

  Shiela had been nearer the truth in her
intuition that this liver by wits would
give sympathetic understanding than had
he. How was he succeeding with Buck
Frieder? Ah, he was here.

  The door opened and Kennedy came in.

  Trevor turned on him a glance of silent
interrogation.

  Kennedy answered at once. “ I went
down and had it out with Buck. He says
I’m a fool, as possibly I am, from his
standpoint at least. However, I put it to
him on a personal basis, and he’s agreed
not to spill, unless—”

  “ Unless what?” prompted Trevor, as
his companion paused.

  “ Unless he came to consider it his duty
to talk, was the way he put it, I think.”

  “ And that means?”

  Kennedy shoved back some bottles and
threw a leg over the corner of the table,
half standing half sitting. “ Unless you
get into the race for mayor, as it looks to
me.”

  Once more the two men eyed each
other. “ It looks that way to me, too,”
said Trevor after a bit. “ Well, Kennedy,
all I can say is that you’ve acted awfully
decent, and that somewhere in this town
there’s a pure little girl who would go
down on her knees to thank you, if she
dared. A half-hour ago you laughed at
my apology and ignored my hand. Will
you accept both now?”

  Kennedy put down his leg and stood
on both feet. For a moment he let his
gaze remain on Trevor’s outstretched

' palm, then lifted it to his face. This
time his laugh was without any touch of
malice. “ Yes, damn you, I will,” he ex-
claimed, and clasped the other’s hand.

   Trevor went back to his rooms. At
 least in so far as Shiela was concerned he
 had won. He crossed to the phone, asked
 for the Central Exchange, and demanded
 Shiela’s private number. When she an-
 swered he explained what had happened,
 taking care to veil his remarks for her
 personal understanding. “ So far as the
 girl is concerned, she is safe,” he told her
 at the end.

   “ And the man,” she said quickly;
 “ what of him and his public position—
 his political aspirations?”

   He crushed back all selfish fear in so
 far as he could, and strove to lighten his
 answer. “ He hasn’t been asked to run
 for anything yet. He may not be.”

   For a time long enough to cause Trevor
 to fancy she might have left the phone,
 Shiela made no response whatever; then
 once more he heard her, very faintly:
 “ Ed—Ed, are you there? Oh, Ed, God
 bless you.”

   There followed the sound of a sob.
 Yes, she was safe, but over the man’s
 head Frieder’s veiled threat hung like a
 sword of Damocles.

CHAPTER VII.

THE MORNING AFTER.

SHIELA McLEOD crept back from
the phone to stretch herself again
on her . bed. It was eight o’clock
and a golden day without. She could
hear her younger brother whistling some-
where below about the yard of their home.
And then he was answered by the cry of
a playmate. She caught his shouted re-
ply: “ Hi there, Bob! Come on over!”
Her face quivered. Frank was young
—a boy—a man child. And she—she lay
here a woman—more of a woman than
ever before in all her life. What was it
Trevor had said last night—that she was
at the “ reckless age.” Ah! To go back to
134

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

 yesterday with its free, fearless hours, and
 take with her some of the knowledge
 which had come to her in the watches of
 the night.

  They had brought, indeed, a change to
Shiela. Her taper limbs ached as she
stretched them out on the bed, and her
head, too, ached dully—felt full, as
though crammed beyond its proper capac-
ity for holding. Yet greater than any
physical pain was the ache in her heart,
the throbbing horror of what she had
done. What she had just heard over the
wire in Ed’s lowered tones served little to
afford her any lasting relief.

  He had said she was safe. She was
safe—because two men had mutually
agreed to protect her, and a third had
given a qualified assent. And they hadn’t
recognized her, so even if they later did
talk, she probably still would be safe.
She could see that. And beyond it,
throwing it into insignificance on this
golden day of September, loomed the
menace to Trevor and the woman he
loved.

  Ed had plainly evaded when she asked
about his position over the phone. That
meant that for him the situation was in
no way improved. Frieder had said he
would remain silent unless it became his
duty to speak. She had heard her father
talk politics often enough to realize that
meant a direct threat against Trevor. If
he stayed out of the mayoralty race, well
and good. If he went into it, then Frie-
der would talk. Like Kennedy and her
father, he was a supporter of Jim Mc-
Swayne.

   Lying there on the bed, she pressed her
lips together and knotted her tired little
brows, and clenched her hands, in which
icy coldness had given place now to a re-
actionary hotness, and tried to think.

  Her own impulsive action had brought
all this to pass. She admitted it freely
now. If she had kept cool—given the
announcement of Ed’s engagement even
a brief consideration before writing the
note—none of it would have happened.
She would have remembered her maidenly

pride and have acted in a far different
manner.

   And since she had been the cause of the
trouble, somehow, she must find a way to
undo what was past, and prevent the
menace of the future. It was character-
istic of the change which had occurred in
her during the last twelve hours that she
did not grasp on the first plan which pre-
sented, but lay firm-lipped, with lids half
closed, her clenched hands at her sides,
while she turned and examined in detail
each conception of a way which waked in
her tortured brain.

  Only one thing she did not examine or
abandon, or question. She must save Ed
Trevor from the results of her own fool-
hardy course of • the night before. That
was the basal theme on which all her
future actions must be erected until the
end was gained. And it all came down to
that in the end. Come what would or
might, she could not permit his good
name, his reputation, held unsmirched
through all his young manhood, to be
blackened through her.

  Plainly he had not told Kennedy who
she was—had not acted on her suggestion.
He was a chivalric gentleman in such
things. Nor would he do it. If the
thing was divulged, it would come about
through other channels, of which, so far
as she knew, she herself was the only
possible one.

  She had to admit that she admired his
stand immensely. It was a bit wonderful
to imagine that even though he were
publicly accused of a moral transgression
with some woman, and could free himself,
perhaps, by naming the person and defy-
ing proof, or carrying the war into the
opposite political camp by involving her in
the scandal, he would refuse, and face the
issue alone.

  Yet she knew that was what he would
do. And because of that, she was safe—•
but found small pleasure in her safety.

   Of course, Trevor could refuse the nom-
ination when asked by Gottfried to make
the race. That way would lie safety for
them both. But she put that impatiently
THE RECKLESS AGE.

135

aside. It wouldn’t do. It would seem to
the man who had promised silence a tacit
admission of .guilt, and it would rob
Trevor of the very fruits for which he
had worked since he had been city attor-
ney. It was horribly unjust that he could
be so robbed through no fault of h‘s own.

  Over and over she turned the thing in
her brain. -An hour passed, two hours. A
rap sounded on her door. The voice of
her brother Frank came through to her
ears. “ Say, Shiela, are you sick?”

  “ No—I—was just resting,” she called
back.

  “ Mom wanted to know. She’s keep-
ing some breakfast hot for your lazy
highness. Cornin’ down?”

  “ In a minute,” Shiela told him.

  “ Heard the news?” he questioned,
scratching on a panel while he waited.

  “ No.” Shiela’s tone was brittle.
“ Frank, quit that scratching.”

  “ Ed Trevor’s going to run for mayor
—maybe. It’s in the paper.”

  “All right. Tell mother I’ll be down
right away,” said his sister.

  She heard him patter down the hall
and sat up, swinging her feet to the
floor. Trevor was mentioned as a can-
didate in the morning papers. She won-
dered whether as a possible or an actual
head for Gottfried’s ticket. If the latter
then most surely Buck Frieder would
speak, and attempt to blacken the oppo-
sition man in favor of McSwayne’s nom-
inee.

  She sprang up, tore off her kimono,
and began to dress with quick haste.
Her little red mouth was a straight line,
and her eyes clouded as she donned her
attire. Suddenly she straightened up to
the full stature of her lithe little figure,
and stamped a high-arched foot on the
floor.

  “ It sha’n’t be,” said Shiela. “ They
sha’n’t do it. Ed’s too nice a boy. He
said I’d reached the reckless age. May-
be I have. They’d better look out.” She
opened her door and went down the
stairs.

  And she found a copy of the Herald as

she went in to breakfast, and spread it
out while waiting to be served. She
found some comfort in the fact that Tre-
vor was mentioned as a possibility only.
At least that would give her a respite-
time in which to think out a way of
meeting the situation.

  Her mother came and sat down be-
side the table. “ You got in pretty
late last night, Shiela,” she half stated,
half questioned. She was a woman who
rarely made a direct statement. The
majority of her* remarks ended always in
a rising inflection.

  Shiela nodded. “ U-mm,” she made
answer. “ We were talking about Ed
Trevor.”

  She felt that her mother. eyed her
quickly. “ His announcement was a
great surprise, wasn’t it?” she said, and
paused, waiting.

  Shiela broke a piece of toast. “ Oh,
he’s showed a lot of interest in Dorothy,”
she replied with implied indifference in
her tones.

  “ I—I can’t understand it,” her
mother stammered. “ Ed, and Dorothy
Carrigan.” She left it up in the air.

  “ Oh, Dorothy’s a nice girl,” said
Shiela, surprised to find she could say it
without any particular effort. Last night
it had driven her to a temporary frenzy.
Why now did it cause her scarcely a flut-
ter of a heart beat to discuss it?

  “ Ed’s certainly keeping himself be-
fore the public,” her mother resumed in
a tone of relief, satisfied in seeming at
least that her child had taken small hurt
from Trevor’s action. “ They say he’s
going to be run for mayor on Gottfried’s
ticket. Your father was speaking about
it this morning. He says if Ed runs,
Jim McSwayne will ask Ren Langdon
to run for us.”

  Shiela put down her cup abruptly
without getting it to her lips.

  “Ren Langdon!” she cried. “Why,
Mom, he’s Ed’s bosom friend. He
wouldn’t run against Ed?”

  “ Your father says so.” Mrs. Mc-
Leod seemed to consider her answer final.
136

ALL-STORY

WEEKLY.

  Something contracted sharply in
Shiela’s breast. Ren Langdon to make
the race against Ed Trevor. The possi-
bilities involved in that were too awful
to contemplate. She had heard Langdon
speak of Frieder as one of his friends—
and Frieder knew all about last night.
If Langdon ran, there was simply no
chance at all of Buck’s remaining silent.
And no matter what he said, Ed would
not explain. His reputation would be
ruined, his social position gone, his po-
litical aspirations blasted at the very
start.

  Something like a sudden demoraliza-
tion seized her. She picked up her cup
and drained it in thirsty gulps to cover
her emotion, pushed back her breakfast
scarcely tasted, spoke confusedly of a
headache, and left the room.

  Ren Langdon to run against Trevor.
The thought seemed to blot out all else
as she fled back to her room and shut
herself in. If that happened—if it hap-
pened. She wondered if Ed knew;
whether knowing he would consent to
take such chances or even to run against
his friend.

  She caught her breath. There was a
way. The two men were a byword in
the town in their friendship. Ed could
refuse to run on those grounds and so
save the situation. Full of the idea, she
ran to her phone and called his office.
She learned that he was in court, and
was not expected back till some time in
the afternoon.

  But she might get Langdon. She rang
up the engineering plant where he held
the assistant manager’s position. His
voice came back to her after a bit.
“ Ren, this is Shiela,” she announced
with the freedom of long acquaintance.

  “ Oh, hello Shiela! What can I do
for you?”

  “ Tell me something,” she replied
promptly. “ They tell me Mac’s going
to run you against Ed, for mayor. How
can you two boys oppose each other?”

  Langdon chuckled. “ By mutual con-
sent,” he informed her. “ Ed and I

talked it all over last evening on the
way from the club. It does look funny,
but we agreed not to let it hurt our
friendship. This town needs a clean
mayor, and we agreed to make it a clean
race, without any mud slinging or per-
sonal assaults either physical or moral.
It ought to make a pretty scrap, don’t
you think?”

  “ Then—you’re going to run?” asked
Shiela with a sinking heart, even while
she felt a wild desire to give way to a
sort of hysterical laughter. A clean race
—a clean man—a clean campaign—for
a clean mayor—no mud throwing! So
that was the program? Good God, if
Langdon knew the irony of what he was
saying!

   “ Of course. We shook hands on it in
the Avalon lobby,” came the man’s
voice.

  “ Maybe—Ed’s—changed his mind?”
she stammered.

  “ No chance,” Langdon averred.
“ When Ed makes up his mind, he’s a
regular coon dog to keep his grip on the
notion. By the way, Shiela, can I come
up to-night?”

  “ Up here? Why, you’re always wel-
come.” That was true, too. Next to
Trevor she had always liked his hand-
some, tawny chum.

  “ I—I’ want to see you about some-
thing very special,” he said with a no-
ticeable hesitation.

  The girl’s pulses surged. What was
it? Had he heard? Did he know? She
became aware that she was holding the
receiver and staring into the mouth-
piece.

   “About eight, Ren,” she forced herself
to answer. “ Good-by.” If he did
know, it was better to face it at once
and have it over.

   But the thing gave her a huge unrest
as she hung up and rose. Suddenly she
wanted to get out in the sunshine—go
somewhere—do something to get away
from herself. She put on a street suit
quickly and took up her hat. She was
possessed of a little electric motor which
THE RECKLESS AGE.

137

stood in its own little stall in the garage
at the back of the house.

  She ran down-stairs, told her mother
she thought a drive might help her head-
ache, and made her way to the rear. Five
minutes later she glided down the drive to
the street and turned toward the center of
town. Down there she would see things
—people—possibly find the sort of di-
version she craved.

  So, driving, it came to her mind that
she had promised Dorothy only the day
before to meet her this morning at Can-
non’s—Edgewater’s largest department-
store—for one of those feminine shopping
expeditions, in which girls delight. Only
yesterday. Could it be possible that not
more than twenty-four hours had passed
since she talked to Dorothy over the
wire? It might have been a year to
judge by the difference in her feelings.
How much life could crowd into a little
space at times.

  She glanced at her watch. She was
half an hour late for their appointment,
but—of a sudden she resolved to go to
Cannon’s and see if Dorothy were still
waiting. Sometime she would have to
meet her, and face the issue of her en-
gagement squarely, and it might as well
be now. She increased her speed, and
presently leaving her car by the curb,
entered the somewhat ornate doors of
the store.

CHAPTER VIII.

A PROMISE-QUALIFIED.

SHIELA found Dorothy in the white
goods department, forced a smile to
her lips, and advanced with extend-
ed hand. “And you never told me one
word yesterday when we’ were talking,”
she exclaimed quickly. “ You sly minx!
Dot! You look awfully happy.” While
the saleswoman watched she kissed her
blushing friend.

  “ I am,” Dorothy declared in her
calmly poised manner. Shiela fancied
that already there was something differ-

ent about her—that she was more wom-
anly, less the girl, as Trevor’s promised
bride.

  “And you will be. When is the wed-
ding?”

  “ We haven’t set the date,” said Doro-
thy, her eyes shining. “And you, Shiela
—why don’t you say * Yes ’ to Ren
Langdon? We could have a double wed-
ding.”

 Shiela pouted. “ Ren Langdon!
Fudge. He never asked me. Why
should he?”

  “ Because he loves you, honey.”

  They had drawn a little ways back
from the counter and listening ears.
Shiela glanced into the pink and white
exaltation of Dorothy Carrigan’s face.
“ Dot,” she said quickly, “ I’ve heard
that newly engaged young women and
brides were given to day dreams. I
reckon this is one of yours.”

  Dorothy shook her head, still smiling.
“ He’s told me, Shiela. He worships the
print of your feet.”

  Shiela McLeod found her heart vio-
lently throbbing, but tossed her head.
“ He’s kept it well concealed then,” she
said lightly. “Are you through here? I
don’t feel like shopping. I didn’t get
up till ten and I feel awfully stuffy.
Come on over to Connelly’s and we’ll
have a bite of luncheon. I didn’t eat
breakfast and still I got here late.
What’s the use of your buying things
now? You’ll have to be getting your
trousseau before long.”

  Dorothy gave her another smile.
“ Send those things up, please,” she ad-
dressed a clerk, and turned down the
aisle with her chum. The two girls
crossed the street and entered one of the
better cafes where they found a table
and took seats.

  “ I suppose you’ve heard the gossip
about Ed this morning?” Dorothy
began.

  For one moment Shiela’s heart con-
tracted; with something like sickening
dread, then Dorothy’s quiet happiness
and her own common sense came to her
138	ALL-STORY

relief. “About the mayoralty race?” she
returned.

  “ Yes.”

  Shiela nodded. “ Oh, yes, he told
me.” She regretted the form of her an-
swer the next moment as Dorothy’s blue
eyes widened. It was a bit cattish, and
she knew it, but—Dorothy seemed to
have stepped into her new role so surely
—there was an actual note of possession
in the way she spoke Trevor’s name.

  “ Ed told you?” Dorothy queried.

“ When?”

  “ Last night—over the phone.”

  “ He was at the Senee Club last
night.” Dorothy eyed her.

  Shiela nodded. “ Yes. I rang up to
congratulate him on his engagement. He
mentioned the mayoralty matter also.”

  “And Ren will run against him,”
Dorothy said.

  Shiela smiled slightly. “ It is to be a
clean race between them, and the best
man will win.” She couldn’t help that
either. Dorothy was so awfully sure.

  “ Meaning Ed?” she said now, flush-
ing.

  Shiela shrugged. “ Maybe, Dot, may-
be. The people must give the final de-
cision.”

  “ Ed’s position as city attorney should
help him there,” Dorothy responded.

“ He told me this morning that Ren and
he had agreed last night that there
should be no personalities used in the
fight. Not that it would matter to Ed.
His reputation is not one to be assailed
in that way. If they want a clean man
for mayor, they couldn’t get a better.
Ren, too, of course.”

  “ I suppose I ought to say thank you
for that last, since yoli think him my
Romeo,” Shiela retorted.

  Once more as when speaking to Lang-
don she felt herself assailed by a desire
to break forth into hysterical laughter.
Why was it that she felt that impulse
toward ribald merriment without humor
when the agreement between Trevor and
Langdon was mentioned? She knew
that both men were of good principle

WEEKLY.

e

and deportment—that it would be hard
to find two better men for the place than
they.

  Yet the irony of the thing which stood
back and threatened one of them since
last night, gripped her and shook her
with a desire to scream out that it would
not be a clean race, could not be a clean
race—that even though blameless, one
of these men would emerge from it
blackened, ruined, a .social outcast in
this Southern city with its old-fashioned
code of morals for the elite of the social
world.

  She lifted her kerchief and pressed it
over her lips while she fought back that
urge to the cachinnation of fiends.

  And after that she let Dorothy chat-
ter, while she herself toyed with her
luncheon and wished that sufficient time
had elapsed to give color to her escape.
.In the end she pushed back her plate
and signed the waiter for her check.
Dorothy, it appeared to her inquiry, was
going back to the store to complete her
shopping.

  Shiela expressed her intention of go-
ing for a further drive before returning
home. She accompanied Miss Carrigan
to the entrance of Cannon’s, bade her an
affectionate good-by, at least in seeming,
and turned back to her little car.

  One purpose now filled her mind. This
race between the men chums must not
start, let alone be allowed to continue.
Trevor must make the excuse that he
would not run against Langdon. Right-
ly maintained, such a pose would not in-
jure him in any way save, perhaps, to
make people call him sentimental.

  In view of what would certainly fol-
low the other course, it seemed the wise
one to her. She decided to go to his
office and talk* it over, unless, perhaps,
h^, too, had arrived at the same conclu-
sion. It would be a sacrifice, but at the
same time it would be a salvation.

  Yet her heart well nigh failed her as
she stopped before the building which
held his office. It was an awful thing to
ask him to forswear his career for a
THE RECKLESS AGE.

139

reason in which she herself was the
prime cause. She set her rounded jaw
into a harder line as she mounted to
Trevor’s floor and paused before the
ground-glass panel of his door.

  And then she was inside, asking a ste-
nographer for Ed, and he had heard her
voice, and opened the door of his private
office and asked her to come in.

  Once there, however, his manner grew
severe. “ I hardly expected this,” he be-
gan the instant the door was closed.
“ Do you think it prudent?” He paused
suddenly embarrassed. The thought that
this beautiful woman loved him rose to
arrest his tongue.

  As for Shiela, she opened her big eyes
wide. “ And why not? I’ve been here
before, goodness knows—many a time.
Will it do any good for me to play ostrich
and hide my head in the sand?”

  Trevor jerked a hand in an upward
gesture. “ Well?”

  Shiela laughed. “ Like a chess game,
isn’t it, Ed. You play the same opening
every time. Last night you said ‘ Well?’;
to-day you say ‘ Well?’ again.”

  He frowned slightly. “ Is this about
last night, Shiela?”

  “ Partly. It’s because of last night at
least. Ed, you mustn’t make this mayor-
alty race.”

  “ Mustn’t?” Trevor smiled.

  “ Mustn’t,” the girl repeated, meeting
his glance squarely. “ And I’m not talk-
ing for my own selfish interest either.
If it were only that, I wouldn’t be here
—not after the hours I have passed since
you left me, and the things I have
thought. I’m safe, thanks to you and
the chivalry of your actions; but this is
about you, Ed, and—and Dorothy.

  “ She loves you, Ed—really. I’ve seen
her—we had luncheon together. She’s
happy-—planning to be happier, Ed—
yOu have made her a woman—-just as last
night made me one, too. The difference
is, she’s a happy woman, and I—am not—
because I realize so fully what I have
done. That’s why I’ve come to tell you
you mustn’t make the race. If you do,

and Ren Langdon runs against you, Buck
Frieder will talk. He’s Langdon’s friend.
That will mean a stain on your reputa-
tion, the loss of the election most likely,
and heartache for Dorothy at least.
Wouldn’t it be better to keep out and—”
“ Have everybody ask why?” Trevor
cut in quickly.

  “ You could refuse to run against Ren.”
The lawyer smiled. “ Shiela, you’re
clever. I could—except that Ren and I
have settled that, and I understand Ren’s
been telling people about it all morning.
If I refused on those grounds now—it
would hardly convince.”

  “ Then you’re going to run?” The
question came a trifle breathless.

  “ I scarcely know what to do,” said
Trevor. “ If they ask me, I can hardly
refuse unless I give a plausible reason. It
looks like I’d have to take my chances.”
“ You haven’t any. I attended to
that,” said Shiela in bitter self-accusation.
“ Oh, Ed, I wish I’d died before last
night.”

  Sudden sympathy followed her words
in Trevor’s breast. Again he thought of
the crumpled scrap he had found on the
bed in his rooms. In a way he had
wounded her—or so it seemed to him at
the instant. He had driven her to her
present position by his engagement to an-
other. And despite that she was showing
a noble nature in thinking of himself and
Dorothy and their welfare.

  “ There, there, it will all come out
somehow,” he told her. “ Anyway,
Shiela, you mustn’t worry yourself sick
about it, little woman. Forget it and let
me fight it out.”

  She set her red mouth firmly. “ I
can’t!” fiercely. “ Buck will deem it his
duty to talk if you run, unless he is
stopped—so I guess—I guess I’ll have to
stop him.”

  “ What?” Trevor leaned suddenly for-
ward. “ You—stop him—Shiela. What
do you mean?”

  “ That ”—she threw up her head quick-
ly—“ I’ll tell him. I don’t think he’ll
want to pose as the man who threw mud
140

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

on my name. I’ll go see him and tell him
the truth. I’m not going to see you at-
tacked because I was a fool.”

  Trevor reached her quickly and seized
her by the shoulders. “ You’ll not,” he
almost hissed. “ You’ll not do anything
like that, Shiela McLeod, and you’ll give
me your promise not to before you leave
this room. After last night and the escape
you at least had from recognition, I’ve a
few rights in the matter, and I’m not going
to let you run any such mad course as that.

  “ Buck Frieder’s no man to understand
such a story—or believe it. He’s a shrewd
business man—a clever politician-*-but he
isn’t a gentleman as we understand the
term. You’re not going to put yourself
in his power. Promise me you won’t.”
She stared back with defiant eyes.
Trevor tightened his grip on her flesh.
“ Promise.”

  “ Then what am I to do?”

  “ Nothing, Promise.”

  “ Ed—you’re hurting. I’ve got to do
something.”

  “ Promise.”

  “ You think because I’m a woman I
can’t do anything, I suppose.”

  “You can promise, and then you can
go home and not bother any more about
this business at all.”

  “ I promise,” said Shiela, and paused.
Trevor released her.

  “ That I won’t do anything unless—”
She retreated toward the door into the
outer office.

  “ Unless what?” Trevor whirled toward
her.

  “ I consider it my duty, a la Buck
Frieder.” She flashed through the door
and was gone.

  Trevor sat and stared at the closed
door. Her visit had at least served to
bring him face to face with the situation,
which all day he had refused serious con-
sideration. He remained in his chair for
an hour after she left him, sunk in troubled
thought.

  That night Renwick Langdon kept his
appointment with Shiela. Very gently,

and very strongly, he urged her to be his
wife. She refused for two reasons: One
that she had never considered him in any
light save that of a friend, so sure had
she been of Trevor. The other wajL that
while the situation she had herself created
remained unsettled, she could not consider
the love he offered, without telling him all
about it, and she shrank from doing that.

  And yet, after he had taken his leave
and gone down under the elms in the
moonlight, tall, strong, fair-haired as some
young viking, she climbed up to her room
and laid herself down with the light of
the moon in her chamber. A long time
she lay there, recalling his words, the note
of his voice—his confession of a love
considered hopeless since he thought she
loved another.

  And when she slept, a little smile had
formed itself on the rosy bow of her
mouth. She was thinking of how Lang-
don’s thick, tawny hair curled above his
forehead, of how strong his face looked
in the half light of the veranda where
they had talked together, of the deep, full
tones of his voice.

CHAPTER IX.

TREVOR DECIDES.

A WEEK passed, eight days, nine days.
Trevor, immersed in work, which
he now welcomed as almost a re-
lief, waited developments in the political
situation, and spent restless nights turning
his predicament over and over in his mind.

  So far, he had been unable to reach any
definite decision. But a change was com-
ing over him while he waited. For the
first time he faced a really crucial situa-
tion, and, like many before him to whom
life has been kind, he began to experience
a dull resentment of the trick fortune had
finally played him.

  lie spent less time at his club, more at
his office, took his meals at unusual places,
and generally deported himself like a bear
with a bee-sting, avoiding rather than
seeking his fellows.
THE RECKLESS AGE.

141

  Uncertain as to just what new form
Shiela’s half-expressed purposes in the
matter might take, anxious to avoid any
further discussion with a girl whose secret
he possessed without her knowledge, whom
he could not approach as a lover, and to
whom yet he could not show the stern
front possible under a condition of ig-
norance on his part, he kept out of her
way.

  To Dorothy and Dorothy alone he
crept time after time with a sore heart, a
sense of ephemeral happiness in her
presence—a fear that at any time the
Damoclean sword might fall and destroy
the harmony between them. She noticed
it as a matter of course. At first he evaded
explanation and then pleaded the press of
work, which certainly existed.

   Her hand fell softly caressing across his
hair. “ And the campaign coming, too,”
she made sympathetic comment. “ You
mustn’t work too hard, dear. You’ll need
all your force in this fight.”

  In his heart Trevor knew even better
than she how much force and reserve
powers of fighting ability he might pos-
sibly need.

  “ They haven’t asked me to run yet,”
he said to her.

  In fact, he had to confess now that he
dreaded the thing which once had ap-
pealed—hoped that Gottfried might, after
all, not offer him the once desired head
of his ticket.

  “ But they will?” Dorothy’s eyes held
all the supreme confidence of the woman
truly in love. “ And then Mr. and Mrs.
Mayor will take a trip and you’ll get a
good, long rest.”

   He pressed her to him in a silent answer.
In his soul a voice cried out that he wanted
the rest now—to take her and run away
from all the infernal tangle—just they
two—and be happy.

   Such evenings spent with the girl of his
heart left him more deeply perturbed than
ever, yet he went back again and again,
to leave more than ever torn between
alternative courses. If he withdrew, how
explain to associates, friends, his fiancee?

Since the agreement between himself and
Langdon had become known, that once
fairly plausible excuse no longer existed.
Then what—why?

  On the night of the ninth day he left
earlier than usual—the thing was getting
beyond his control. His whole nature
clamored to tell the sweetheart in his arms
the whole desperate muddle and ask her
help to decide. He longed to lay it before
her, as when a boy he had taken his child-
ish troubles to his mother.

  Chivalry—the duty he owed to that
other woman, who had given him her
heart even though unasked, sealed his lips
and chained his tongue. He left Dorothy
and the haven of her sweetness and rushed
back to his rooms in a mood akin to
desperation.

  And while he sat there glowering from
a window, blown first this way, then that,
by conflicting impulse, his fate was being
decided, all unbeknown to himself.

  In some Southern cities there is a total-
ly different political atmosphere to that
which pertains in other sections of the
nation. To begin with, the inhabitants
are all—or mainly—Democrats. There is
but one national ticket. Despite that
fact, they manage to get all the excite-
ment of two or more parties by means
of factional divisions, based on divergent
local opinions in the main.

  Such conditions satisfy the primitive
man love of conflict, without infringing
the sacred opinion of any on national
matters. And as in different parties in
other States, so in a town like Edgewater,
each faction has its acknowledged leader,
its fairly well-built-up machine.

  “ Be sure you’re strong enough to knock
out the other fellow and then hit him
hard—and first.” That was the motto
openly expressed of John Gottfried, one
of Edgewater’s bosses—the man who
would race Trevor in the near-approaching
campaign.

  Another saying of Boss Gottfried was:
“ When you can’t do it one way—there’s
apt to be another.” He had proved both
sayings true in the past.
142

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  He was a big man, mentally and phy-
sically, his one vice a craving for power
which he attempted to wield through the
game of politics. In his private business
as one of the city’s merchants he was
honest to a degree. Nor did he make any
attempt to deny the quasi-legitimate
means he employed in handling his polit-
ical cohorts. He was honestly dishonest,
when it came to the “ game ” as he called
it.

   Some of that stolid defiance of conven-
tions showed in such epigrammatic utter-
ances as he made at times, and the iron
hand of control which he held over his
men. But he was honestly the friend of
Trevor, admiring the unswerving integrity
of the younger man immensely and in out-
spoken fashion, as was his way.

   McSwayne, his political rival, opposi-
tion leader, general contractor in his other
life, had been cast in a similar mold, save
that, unlike Gottfried, he was more subtle
and less gruff. Commenting on Gottfried’s
dictum anent hitting hard and first, Mc-
Swayne had been known to remark that
it was a good way, but a better was to
“ Let the other fellow hit as hard as he
liked, and then not be there when the
blow landed.”

   The actual size of the matter was that
in their innermost hearts each man ad-
mired the other and took a keen delight
in their constant warfare. They had copie
to a place where, like a player of chess,
they actually regarded politics as their
own “ game,” and made their moves with
the same consideration and calculation
and the same openness. In the South, as
a matter of fact, political fighting, while
no less bitter, is, in the main, more open,
more clean—save in the occasional in-
stances of rabid personal affairs.

  So in Edgewater, Gottfried and Mc-
Swayne played a sort of political chess
game, with the city for their board, and
its hundred and odd thousand men and
women as their pieces. And they watched
each other with a caution which sought
to foresee each the other’s move.

   While Trevor fought out his undecided

battle with himself, Gottfried and his ad-
visory council were deciding their own
immediate moves. Gottfried, heavy, stolid,
puffing on a cigar as big as himself, vest
open over his paunch, his florid face a bit
flushed, summed up the situation in the
offices of his hardware establishment
where the council was held.

   “ When you can’dt do a t’ing one way
—try annoder. -It doan’t make no dif-
ference do I win or McSwayne, dis town
has to have a clean administration. I
vould radder give it to dem myselluf as
to have Mac do it. Ve know he will run
Ren Langdon, and he is going to pe a
hardt man to beat. Budt ve got vun
what will beadt him. Dat’s Trevor.
Already has the Express and de Heraldt
mentioned his name for de place. Vy
not ask him and haf it settled? Gene’s
had plendy, and anyway de people won’t
gif him any more.”

   Gene Collins, thrice mayor, admirable
henchman, excellent puppet, who auto-
matically exhibited Gottfried’s will upon
demand, grinned as he gave assent.

    Sure, John! They’ve got my number
pretty near right by now. Mac’s big
card is going to be a ‘ clean administra-
tion,’ and he’s sure picked a good man
to carry that stuff right up to election.
I’ve had enough, too, to tell the truth.
I’m dragging down more brickbats than
bouquets the last six months.”

  “But say!” Tommy Wilson (“Kid
Wilson ”), erstwhile bantam-weight prize-
fighter, and present king of the Seventh
Ward, opened his mouth. “ How far does
that clean stuff go? If you get this Trevor
guy in—an’ I ain’t sayin’ but what he’s
the clear goods in a lot of ways—where
will it land us when it’s done? How far
does it go, Gott—on the level?”

   Gottfried turned his eyes on the little
fighter.

   “ Id goes all der vays, Tommy,” he
said.

   “ Honest?” .

   Gottfried nodded.

   “ Den kiss me good-by.” Wilson shook
his head in disapproval.
THE RECKLESS AGE.

143

  “ Id vould go likewise the same dis-
tance ven Langdon vas elected, Tommy,”
Gottfried said. “ Dis town vants Reform
mit a capital R. De question is not do
they gedt id, but who gifs it to dem, me
or Mac. I should rather it vould be me,
Tommy, and so maybe ”—he closed a
blue eye slowly—“ vould you and your
friends—no?”

 “Gawd!” said Tommy. “I guess I
grab your drift now, John. It’s better
to ride than walk. Yep—there’ll be better
days.”

  “ It will be hardt enough to stay
riding,” Gottfried rumbled. “ Dis Lang-
don vill be strong with the laboring
classes. But I think with Trevor’s pull
mit de society people and what ve can
count on always among our own people,
we can beadt him all right.”

  Tommy banged a corner of the desk.
“ He’ll get de Sev’nt’ all right, or I wades
in blood.”

  “ And we’ve six wards sewed up the
same as ever,” Collins opined.

  “ And Ed’s strong in the First him-
selluf. Dey made him city attorney,”
Gottfried added.

  Tommy chuckled. “ An’ dat’s eight
outer fifteen. Good day, Mr. Mayor.”
Gottfried swept his eyes about the
office, searching the faces of one or two
others who had taken small part in the
conversation. He read approval. He
began chewing quickly, as was his way,
on the butt of his cigar.

  “ Den you, Gene, and you, Tommy,
and me, to-morrow ve will go and tell
Trevor we want him. So I guess dat’s
all.” He began to chuckle thickly. “ He
iss even engagdt to Carrigan’s daughter,
and Carrigan iss vun of Mac’s men—budt
iss he?—now already I t’ink Mac iss
beaten. Ledt us go home.”

  As a result, the morning of the 15th of
September saw Gottfried’s committee with
Boss John at their head, demanding ad-
mittance to the presence of Edgewater’s
city attorney.

  For one brain-swirling moment after
they were announced Trevor fought to

maintain his poise, and greatly to his own
surprise, and despite his still unformed de-
cision, he emerged from the first knowl-
edge that his fate was upon him calm
and more evenly balanced than he had
been for days.

  He rose and stood while Gottfried,
bulky, massive, puffing on what might
have been the cigar of last evening, ad-
vanced from the outer office with Gene
Collins, dark, thin-faced, shifty of eye,
and Wilson, small, quick, with the glance
of a hawk striking, trailing in his rear.
He put out his hand with a quiet dignity
of manner, greeted his callers, and ges-
tured them to chairs. Then he resumed
his own.

  Gottfried came down to the point
without preface. “ No need to beadt
aboudt the bush with you, Ed. I guess
you know what we’ve come for. You got
to be mayor.”

  Trevor’s face twitched. It had come
at last—the moment he had dreamed of—
felt afraid of. It faced him now in the
persons of these men of his own faction.
He forced a slight smile to his lips.

  “ Why have I 1 got to,’ John?” he in-
quired.

  Gottfried clamped his cigar in a corner
of his mouth.

  “ Because Ren Langdon’s headin’ Jim’s
ticket, and you’re the only man in town
what can beadt him.”

  “ You think I can?”

  “ Sure. If I didn’t, I vouldn’t ask you
to run, Ed. I ain’t handin’ Mac nud-
dings ven I know it.”

  “ What makes you so sure?” Trevor
temporized further.

  Tommy Wilson cut in. “ ’Cause you
kin come clean, Mr. Trevor. Dis burg’s
gone bug-house over clean administra-
tions. They won’t be happy till they think
they’ve got it, an’ after the rep you’ve
made as attorney they’d fall for you in a
bunch.

  “ W’en you can look up a guy’s record
clean through an’ not find nuthin’ on him,
dat’s half de battle wid de reform gang.
Dey don’t ask what’s a man done, but
144

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

 has he done anything he hadn’t oughter.
 Dat’s dem. Dere ain’t another man in
 dis town w’at’s got a better dope sheet
 on past performances dan you have, an’
 dat ain’t no ‘ bull.’ It goes.”

   Trevor nodded. His lids contracted
 slightly, however, at Tommy’s words. If
 only they knew—what might happen. He
 turned again to Gottfried. “ And if I
 run and win; what then?”

    “ Up to you,” said John with a chuckle.
 “ Reform all you vant to; though just so
 we understand each other; don’t offer to
 do it if you vants der Gottfried support
 on der nexdt election. Dat’s no threat,
 Ed. It’s just playin’ der game open mit
 you.

   “ I know you veil enough to know you
 vill do as you please. Budt—if you
 should t’ink aboudt Congress—dat vould
 be different also—my machine could help
 you a lot on dat roadt.”

   The mayoralty—Congress. The ladder
 of fame. It appealed to the ambition
 locked in Trevor’s breast. Dorothy in the
 capital of the nation queening it in her
 regal, blond beauty. The dream passed
 and showed another picture—defeat, dis-
 grace.

   He nodded slowly. “ I appreciate your
, frankness, Gottfried, but I’m afraid I
can’t make this race.”

   Tommy Wilson leaped to his feet.
 “Not make it?” he yelled. “ Why,
 Gawd, Mr. Trevor, yuh got to!”

   “ Sorry, Tommy. I’ve very good rea-
 sons.” Trevor met the little man’s staring
 gaze.

   “ Come clean. What’s eatin’ yuh?”
 Wilson demanded.

    Gottfried, though puzzled, was calmer.
 “ Yes, Ed; what are dey?” he questioned.
 “ Don’t you vant to be mayor?”

    “ Frankly, John, I’d like it.”

   “ Then vat is it? Is it because Lang-
 don is running? I heardt you boys had
 fixed that up.”

   “ It isn’t that.” Trevor shook his
 head.

    Collins smiled thinly. “ Your reason’s
 private?” he queried.

  “ Yes.” Trevor’s answer was spoken
shortly.

  Gottfried rubbed his hands. . “ Dose is
no good,” he declared. “ As a clean ad-
ministration candidate you should not let
private matters stand in de vay of your
duty to the city.” He winked a heavy
lid.

  “ Dat’s de stuff!” howled Tommy Wil-
son, and at once became almost pathetic-
ally pleading. “ Aw, come on, Mr. Trevor,
be a sport. I’ll wrap up me ward an’
hand her over to.youse right now. Gott’s
six will go for you solid, an’ you can
swing de First mob yourself. You got
it all sewed up already. Come on.”

  “ Tommy’s right, Ed,” Gottfried re-
sumed. “We only need a fair break to
win. Mac thinks he’s got our crowd
licked with Langdon. We don’t only need
you, we got to haf you. It iss your duty.”
Two pictures swam before Trevor’s
mental eye—Dorothy and the face of
Shiela.

  “ I—I can’t do it, Gottfried,” he said
thickly. “ I’d like to—but—”

  “ But what?” sneered Collins. “ This
is a hell of a way to throw down your own
people. If you had this bunch of rea-
sons, why didn’t you tip us off ten days
ago when your name was first mentioned?
I know Dot Carrigan’s dad is one of
Mac’s gang, but I didn’t suppose—”

  “ Drop that!” Trevor’s voice snapped
sharply. “ Miss Carrigan has nothing
whatever to do with the reasons I spoke
of. At the same time, they are, in my
estimation, sufficient to justify my ac-
tions.

  “ If they concerned me alone, do you
suppose I would hesitate to take off the
gloves and get into this fight? If you do,
you don’t know me. But they don’t.
There are other parties interested in this
thing—vitally interested in it. For that
very reason I can’t go into details suffi-
ciently far to make my position plain.
There’s a good excuse ”—he suddenly
swept his arms wide in the grip of his own
emotions—“ and I wish to God there
wasn’t! But there is.”
THE RECKLESS AGE.

145

  Gottfried removed the cigar from his
mouth and inspected its chewed-up end
as though for inspiration. After a moment
he sighed.

  “ Ed,” he observed quite calmly, “ dis
is my last throw. If you go back on me,
der oldt man is beadten. I know from
vat you say dat dere is somedings you
iss afraid may crop up in dis campaign,
and I aindt going to ask you to say vun
more wordt, only dis. You know vat it is,
I don’t.

  “ I know dat vid you ve vin and Edge-
water geds der best administration she
efer had. Dot’s vort some leedle risk, I
reckon. Vidout you ve is licked already.
You can put me oudt of business or nodt,
as you like. Now dat’s all. I’m going
avay and led you t’ink. Phone me
aboudt t’ree o’clock-—only Ed—for Got’s
sake, ven you phone say ‘ yes.’ ”

  He jammed his cigar back in his face,
signaled his two henchmen, and stalked
heavily from the room.

  Trevor watched his departure without
a word, and, when he had vanished,
sighed. Well, he had decided—given up
the opportunity he had worked for—let
his great chance go by. Gottfried, no
matter how he might take it now on the
surface, would never forgive him. Polit-
ically, at least in Edgewater, he was dead.
Unless by three o’clock—

  Unless. Now that he had decided, he
realized fully how much he had wanted
to accept—to make the race—to win—
and win—and win—to mount the ladder
of success, and see pride and love and
faith grow in Dorothy’s face. What
would she think of his refusal? How
could he explain—how expect her to ac-
cept any half-way explanation he could
make?

  A perspiration broke out on his fore-
head, now he was alone. This way lay
suspicion at least, if not open disgrace.
A dozen, a hundred persons would ques-
tion him directly—thousands would ques-
tion themselves. Could he evade all the
direct interrogations and save his face or

      10	A-S

satisfy the unasked questions in the minds
of the others?

  The decision given, he saw it in the
light they would view it. They would
question at first, and then answer for
themselves and smile wisely and nod.
They would say he was covering some-
thing—and they would put a name on
the something, each to suit himself.

  He clenched his hands. At the best
they would deem him skulking some issue
he feared to face. That would be the
kindest interpretation he could hope for.
And how would, could that affect the
happiness of the girl he loved? A
skulker! A fine character and name to
offer a dainty woman for life! A fine
thing to feel! Yes, feel! Because within
himself was something which revolted at
this passive defeat, this yielding to the
threat of the future without a struggle.

  He bowed his head in his hands and
dug his fingers into his heavy black hair,
and thought, thought, thought around an
endless circle.

  The telephone rang. He answered.
And that began it. Gottfried, whatever
else he was, was a politician, a general,
a leader. Once out of Trevor’s hearing,
he drew Collins and Wilson to him and
gave them some hurried counsel. They
darted away in opposite directions.

  As a result of their going, the phone
bell in Trevor’s office began an almost
ceaseless ringing, save for those intervals
during which he responded to its summons
and listened to a steady string of con-
gratulations, applause, predictions of his
coming election, urgings to make a strong
fight and rely on the united support of his
friends—voices begging him for this or
that reform so soon as elected—other
voices telling him it was his duty to get
in and clean up the city, and—how did
Gottfried work it?—at the last, toward
two-thirty, Dorothy’s own sweet tones
saying:

  “ Ed—Ed dear, is it so that they’ve
sent a committee to offer you the place on
Gottfried’s ticket? Oh, Ed, are you going
to run?”

I
146

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Something broke in Ed Trevor’s brain.
His jaw came up and set firmly. His eyes
fired and flashed.

  “ All true, dear,” he said softly.

“ They were here this morning. I’m to
give them their answer at three o’clock.”

  “ Ed—” softly.

  “ Yes?”

  “ Well, what are you going to an-
swer?”

  “ Yes! ” Trevor ground it out slowly
between clenched teeth.

  “ Sweetheart—come to me this eve-
ning, will you?”

  “ Yes dear,” he said the word for the
third time, waited until he heard her
hang up slowly, and leaned back, staring
at the phone. And now let all the fiends
of perdition howl, the die was cast. He
was going to make the fight. He was
going to face the issue squarely; regard-
less of all else, he was going to enter
this race and bank on what the public
knew of his cleanness to offset any slan-
derous attack Buck Frieder might make.

  Surely it ought to take more than one
man’s unsupported word to blast the labor
of years. Anyway, he would chance it,
and if the worst came he would face it
then, and not before in anticipation. In
his own heart he was innocent of wrong.
He would not skulk and cringe any more.
He squared his shoulders, put out a hand,
and took up the phone. And then quite
calmly, and without the least hesitation,
he called Gottfried’s number and sat
waiting.

  The Evening Express that night carried
a double-column. head which proclaimed
to the city in thirty-six-point type the
candidacy of Edgar F. Trevor for mayor.
The Ledger also had the item, though it
overtopped it with the name of Renwick
M. Langdon, their own faction’s man for
the place.

  Shiela McLeod read both announce-
ments with a sickening depression—a
feeling of direful foreboding which seemed
swiftly to engulf her, constricting her
heart in her breast. Her hammering
pulses seemed beating out in her brain

the dull, heavy accusation: “You have
sent this man to his doom.” After all, she
weis young.

CHAPTER X.

THE SWORD TREMBLES.

SHIELA knew of Langdon’s candidacy
beforehand—that is the unofficial an-
nouncement. The thing had, of
course, been a foregone conclusion ever
since the first mention of his name. But
the Ledger’s black type which put Ren-
wick’s name at the head of the McSwayne
ticket even as the Express heralded
Trevor’s acceptance, was already to her
old news.

  Not only had she seen considerable of
Langdon, who refused to consider her re-
fusal of his suit as final, but Nancy Mc-
Swayne was giving a huge reception and
dance the very evening of the day when
Trevor’s name was announced. It was to
be a sort of social ratification of Langdon’s
preferment in the coming campaign.

  Now with the black type of the Express
proclaiming Trevor’s final decision to defy
any possible danger which might exist as
a result of the night at his rooms, staring
her in the face, she found herself regarding
the function to which she had looked for-
ward with pleasant anticipation, as an
ordeal instead.

   Let the lights shine and the music play,
let men and women laugh and dance and
revel to their hearts’ content. Her own
heart would not be in it—could not be
in it, now that Trevor had decided as
he had. Every moment would be but a
form of torture, in which she would say
to herself, how long will it last—when will
the storm break, and blast the reputation
of this man, because of me.

  Could she support it? The temptation
to avoid it, to send word that she was not
well, to remain at home in her room as-
sailed her for the moment. It would be
so much easier to do that—to sit there
alone in the dark where there was no need
to maintain an appearance.
THE RECKLESS AGE.

147

  She put it away with a sigh. She re-
membered Langdon was to take her, had
asked her to go as his lady, and had
flushed with pleasure when she had ac-
cepted. A little smile touched her lips.

  “ Poor Ren,” she whispered to herself
and the dusk of her room. “ He’s a nice
boy—oh, such a nice boy—why can’t he
love a girl who can love him—be worthy
of him. Oh, dear, why can’t I make any-
thing but trouble — give anything but
pain?”

  She put on the lights and began to
dress with fingers which trembled and
fumbled in a sort of clumsy numbness.
They felt cold to the flesh of her throat
and shoulders when she touched it in
fastening her gown.

  Langdon waiting for her below stairs
knew nothing of that, however. To him
she was altogether lovely—the lady of his
desire as she came down the stairs a pic-
ture in soft lemon silk and laces, with a
huge late red rose in her hair. Very
lovely,* very piquant and fetching and
Spanish she looked to him as he went for-
ward and took her hand.

  Like Trevor perhaps he too dreamed a
dream in which Shiela McLeod held the
place at his side, and looked on him with
pride. Youth is of such things, dreams
of love, of accomplishment, of deeds for
the dear one, of laying the fruits of our
effort at a pair of little feet. And some-
thing of that looked out of Renwick
Langdon’s Southern gentleman’s eyes and
brought a tint to Shiela’s cheek to vie with
the hue of the roses.

  “ You little beauty,” he said softly, still
holding her hand.

  Fire flashes fire quickly when one has
reached the reckless age. Her red lips
challenged with a smile. “ Do you want
that hand, Ren Langdon?”

  And he answered: “ Yes—always,” with
a meaning she could not mistake.

  “Ren!” she chided, while her heart
leaped none the less.

  “ Shiela, dear,” he responded.

  They looked on one another. Shiela
shook her head. “ You mustn’t, Ren.”

“ Mustn’t what? Tell the truth? You

are dear to me. You know it.”

Piay time was past. This was serious.
The color ebbed from Shiela’s blush.

  Come,” she prompted. “ I was clumsy
to-night about dressing. It won’t do to
have the guest of honor late.”

  The house of McSwayne, two storied,
wide porticoed, built on old lines of mod-
ern materials and construction by Jim
McSwayne himself, always one of Edge-
water’s show places, was never more so
than this night when it blazed with light,
and rang with music and laughter.

  Eig Jim stood with his wife and Nancy
to welcome the incoming guests. His face
wore a grin as he recognized the gathering
of his political clan to ratify his judg-
ment and swear fealty to the man he in-
tended to make mayor, thereby scoring a
victory over the redoubtable Gottfried
and forcing himself once more into party
control.

  Politics makes strange bedfellows, it is
said. One might have been aware of the
fact this night. Of course, out of regard
to Nancy and her mother and the diplo-
macy of politics even, there were the usual
society members selected without much
regard to factional affiliation.

  But beside them one could have noted
here and there men palpably not so com-
fortable in the present situation as they
would have been elsewhere; the men who
wore their regalia of fashion not as to the
manner born, but with reddened faces and
evident discomfort, or bolder in their sta-
tion, forebore to wear it at all.

  These were Jim McSwayne’s lieutenants
of the line, men who harkened to his voice,
and did his bidding, who would fight
shoulder to shoulder in support of Lang-
don throughout the campaign.

  The advent of Langdon was the signal
for a sudden cohesion of these soldiers of
political warfare about the newly an-
nounced head of the ticket. Shiela coming
down from the dressing-room found her
cavalier the center of a three-ply deep
cluster of mankind and herself hedged off
from his attention.
148

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Over the heads of the men about him
she could see his face, slightly flushed,
boyishly handsome and enthusiastic as he
accepted the plaudits and good natured
chaff of what Big Jim called the “ gang.”
Momentarily at leisure she swept her
eyes about the handsome parlors. She
had heard that out of courtesy to
Dorothy, Trevor was to be invited. She
wondered if he were here—in the
enemy’s camp as the thought came into
her mind. And then she saw him enter
with Dorothy on his arm.

  A little sharp pang assailed her They
were a striking couple what with Trevor’s
dark strength and Dorothy’s almost
wheaten blondness. She could not but
admire the girl’s poise. She began to
wonder if after all she had been right in
thinking her less well suited to pose as
Trevor’s mate in a public life, than her-
self—if perhaps her own petite beauty
would in reality serve as well as a foil
for the man’s virile presence.

  Langdon apparently saw Ed about the
same time as herself. Breaking the circle
about him, he bore directly down on
Trevor and the slender blonde by his side,
as they turned away from their hosts.

  Dorothy extended both hands toward
him as he advanced with exquisite cam-
araderie and tact. Shiela slipping for-
ward now, heard her first greeting: “ So
this is the man my future husband has
to beat in the coming election?”

  Langdon laughed with high, good
humor. “ Behold the man. From what
I know of practical politics he ought to
find it easy.”

  “ Faint heart you know, Ren,” Dorothy
countered.

  “ Oh,” said Langdon, “ this is not of-
ficial. Keep it dark. Did Gottfried
know I was doubtful, he’d give me an
awful time, and make Ed help. If he
started anything like that I’d just have
to get up and take the First Ward away
from their prince.”

  Shiela pushed forward and greeted
Dorothy and Trevor. The four made a
group which rapidly attracted both at-

  tention and comment. Dorothy noted
the glances cast their way and laughed.

  “ It seems to interest the multitude
to behold the hated rivals in amicable
communion,” she observed, smiling.
“ Shiela, what do you think of these two
chums flying at each other and lam-
basting one another from the rostrum and
through the public press?”

  “ A masculine way of showing friend-
ship,” Shiela said, shrugging her bare,
round shoulders. “ I shall try to take a
philosophic view and be content that one
of my friends at least will be mayor—”
“ And the other married,” cut in Geoff
Miller who had just spied the four and
hurried up.

  “ Thanks Geoff,” said Langdon. “ I
thought you were for Trevor—this is a
visible gain for me already.”

  Geoff shook his head. “ Thou dost not
take my meaning, me lud,” he retorted.
“ Marriage I was suggesting for thy con-
solation—a ladye fayre to bind thy po-
litical wounds. I have heard gossip,
rumor. Thou shall come home on thy
shield to thy Shiel—”

  “ Geoff!” Shiela McLeod flushed crim-
son, while Dorothy caught and pressed
her close to her side. “ Just for that you
don’t get a single dance.”

  “ I’ll take two then,” Miller decided,
wholly unabashed, “ and thank ye kindly
fair maid. To return to our muttons,
they’ve called Ed and Ren, Damon, and
Pythias for years. What I want to know
now is which is Damie and which one
Pyth — which one has to work for the
other — which one is slated to die. So
young, so strong, me honor but ’tis sad.”
The receiving line had broken up.
Nancy’s little sister Noriene was passing
dancing programs. Dorothy hurried
away to remove her light wraps. Lang-
don took a program for Shiela, wrote
himself down for the first and last and two
in the middle. Geoff seized the card and
made good his threat of two, before rush-
ing off to seek others. Shiela glanced
at the two handsome men between whom
she stood. “ Which is Damon and
THE RECKLESS AGE.

149

which Pythias?” she said with almost
a catch in her voice.

  “ The public will settle that, Miss
Shiela,” returned Jim McSwayne, who
had come up behind Langdon. He gave
Trevor a grip of greeting and laid his
hand on Langdon’s arm.

  “ It’s fine for you two boys to stand
here openly talking,” he said: “ good
campaign stuff may be and all that, but
you’re the lion of the evening, my boy,
and you’ve got to circulate a little—if
you could you oughter roar now and
then, too. Miss Shiela, you’ll have to
excuse him till they start dancing. This
isn’t all fun this evening. Some of it’s
practical politics.”

  Shiela nodded to Ren in understanding.
He turned away with McSwayne and left
her with Trevor. She lifted her eyes to
his face. “ You’re going to do it—really
—run?”

  He bowed and replied for her ears
alone: “ Yes.”

  “ Are you mad, Ed? Are you as mad
as I was?” That was a breathless
whisper.

  “ I’m not mad at all,” he told her. “ I
couldn’t refuse without causing too much
demand for explanation, too much con-
jecture. I was caught on the horns of
a dilemma. Besides I hardly think under
the already well-known agreement that
Ren and I are to fight clean, that Buck
will start anything at all. Even if he
tried it, Ren wouldn’t have it. He’s not
that sort of a man.” He put out his
hand toward her card. “ Shiela, aren’t
you going to offer me a dance?”

  She handed the program to him with-
out a word, and watched while he
scrawled his name. Once she knew how
gladly she would have watched him do
it. To-night it gave her no pleasure at
all. He was so wholly another’s — so
openly Dorothy’s lover—so utterly lost
to her forever.

  And some way despite his confidence,
his brilliance, the high color on his hand-
some face, he seemed to her, one already
an outcast, driven forth with the sins—•

of another upon him, like the scapegoat
of olden time. And those sins were her
sins. She was to blame. The eyes she
held on his face were tragic, and he
sensed it.

  “ Don’t worry so, little friend,” he said
gently under cover of giving back her
card. “ I know Ren and he knows me.
He wouldn’t hear of anything under-
handed in a thousand years.”

  “ Then tell him—the whole thing—tell
him now—at the start,” she panted. “ If
he knows now he can stop it. Ed—”

  “ I couldn’t do that,” he interrupted.
“ You — well maybe you don’t under-
stand, but I couldn’t.”

    Because it was, I—that night?” she
asked.

  “ Yes, because it was you.”

  “ But I ask you to do it—tell you to do
it. I—”

  “ What are you two plotting?” Dor-
othy’s soft tones cut in. “ Ed, dear,
there’s the music.”

  The first bars of the first dance were
stealing through the room. Trevor gave
his sweetheart his arm. Langdon came
hurrying up. The four moved toward
the dance-floor, where already a few
couples were beginning to sway in time
to the catching rhythm.

  Shiela saw Ed circle Dorothy with his
arm and catch the step. Then Langdon
had whirled her, too, out on the well-
waxed surface. She was a very quiet
little partner, however, as they swayed
across the floor.

  “ Aren’t you feeling well?” Langdon
queried when she made no effort at con-
versation.

  “ I was thinking,” she made answer.
“ Ren, this campaign will be fought out
on clean lines, won’t it?”

  Langdon chuckled. “ Clean as a
hound’s tooth, Shiela. Ed and I are too
good friends to start throwing mud, pol-
itics or not.”

  “ It would be awful though if some-
body else did—if anything happened to
end your friendship,” said the girl in his
arms.
150

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  She felt his grip tighten about her body.
“ They’d better try it,” he rapped out
sharply. “ That would be one fine way
to make me chuck the whole game.”

  Shiela felt her pulses leaping. It was
splendid, perfectly splendid, the way those
two boys stood by each other. She felt
herself warm toward the stalwart fellow
who led her so easily through the dance.

  Chuck the game; it was beyond belief,
and yet somehow she felt he would do it—
that he had meant every word he had said.
Some of the chill foreboding left her and
gave place to a feeling of hope. Surely
neither Buck nor any one else would
speak if Ren took a stand like that.

  The dance ended, and once more Mc-
Swayne was waiting to snatch Langdon
away for some purpose of his own.
Shiela, sitting where they left her, be-
came conscious of some one pausing be-
fore her, and looked up to meet Buck
Frieder’s smile.

  “You are alone, Miss McLeod; will
wonders never cease?” he made his open-
ing.

  “ This is Mr. Langdon’s busy night,”
she returned.

  Frieder sat down without permission.
He extended his hand for her card. “ I’m
not much of a dancer, Miss Shiela, but if
you’ll bear with me, I shall be delighted.”

  Hardly knowing what she was doing,
she let him have it, and watched him
write his name, took the card back again
in listless fashion, and suddenly stiffened
with a purpose. “ Just what do you think
of the coming election?” she asked.

  “ Langdon will win.” Frieder’s tone
brooked no denial.

  “ Mr. Trevor is popular,” she parried.

  Buck nodded. “ Is—yes. But popu-
larity, Miss Shiela, like fortune, is a fickle
jade. It has been known to suffer a
change.”

  No need for the girl to simulate a sud-
den, wide-eyed pallor or a quick intake of
breath as she questioned: “ Why—what
do you mean?”

  Her companion smiled somewhat grim-
ly. “I mean that Langdon is going to

win this election. Big Jim and myself
and some others intend to see that he
does.”

  The call of the new dance was heaven-
sent release. In a moment Geoff Miller
would certainly come to claim her. Shiela
gripped her dress in a hand which crushed
its silken fabric and waited. Big Jim and
this man, and some others, intended to see
that Ren was elected. What did he mean;
what was going on that neither she nor
Langdon knew of? That was Geoff
coming now to the rescue. She nodded to
Frieder, rose, and waited for Miller to
reach her side.

  He found her as had Trevor, unlike her-
self; volubly witty one moment, the next
as constrainedly silent, distrait. The fact
was that to Shiela the evening was be-
coming more and more of an ordeal,
through which a hundred verbal and men-
tal barbs pierced into her spirit, and set
her aquiver with seething emotions, which
she was compelled to suppress beneath the
surface as far as she possibly might.

  She found herself physically hot and
cold by turns, even as her dancing mates
found her mentally moved to the verge of
hysterical outbursts of speech or frozen to
an icy silence of straining nerves.

  Yet she waited for her dance with
Trevor as a goal to be reached. Then
once more she would have speech with
him under cover of the music and the mo-
tion, and tell him what Frieder had said,
warn him of the covert meaning.

  She found his number next, with a sigh
of relief, a prayer for strength in her
heart, and surrendered herself to the
clasp of his arm with but one thought—
to speak convincingly and fast.

  He gave her the chance himself.
“ You’ve got to get a grip on yourself,
little woman,” he said softly, half-way
around the first circuit of the floor. “ You
can’t go on this way, Shiela. It’s exciting
comment. People are saying you are not
like yourself; asking what is the matter
with Shiela McLeod.”

  “ And you can’t go on either,” she
panted against his shoulder. “Ed—you’ve
THE RECKLESS AGE.

151

got to stop now—withdraw—somehow.
You’ll have to get sick—have a nervous
breakdown—anything that will offer an
excuse for you to drop out of the race.”

  “ That’s nonsense,” he said quickly.
“ It wouldn’t pass muster.”

  “ It’s not nonsense,” she parried. “ Ed
—I’ve been talking to Frieder. He—he
came over and made me give him a dance,
and we talked. He—he said that you
would never be elected; that Jim and
himself and—and others intended to see
to that.”

  Trevor smiled. “ Of course they do.
They’d be a poor lot of politicians if they
didn’t intend to force Ren in, if they can.
Little girl, you’re getting morbid.”

  She caught his coat with the hand she
rested on- his arm. “No, Ed,” she fal-
tered. “ I’m not morbid. That isn’t what
Buck meant. I—I don’t know how I
know it, but I do. I—I feel it. He
meant something else. He said your
popularity might fail. Ed—he—he meant
about that night. He—he means to—to
talk.”

  “ I don’t think so,” Trevor persisted.
“ Ren’s too good a sport to permit it.
Did you see how he met Dorothy and me
this evening? That would rather spike
Buck’s guns, I should think. He must
realize after to-night that we two boys are
going to fight on local issues only, and
let one another alone.”

  She had failed. Sick at heart, she re-
alized that nothing she could say or do
now would turn this man’s feet back from
the abyss of slander and traduction to-
ward which he was heading.

  Suddenly it seemed to her she could go
no farther, as though the floor beneath
her feet was falling away from beneath
them. Trevor found her clinging desper-
ately to him, her lips gone from scarlet to
pink, her olive skin waxen, the lids of her
dark eyes atremble.

  “ Shiela!” he cried to her softly.

  “ I’m—I’m sick, Ed—faint. Take me
—take me among the flowers, and see if
you can’t get me—a drink—or some-
thing.”

  Without more words, he rather more
carried than guided her out of the press
of dancers and toward a door giving into
a sort of tropical bower of ferns and
palms, opening off one side of the room.
Just at present it was deserted, so far as
one could observe. Between dances it
would be full of gay, colored life, but it
now offered a variety of retreat.

  At the door Shiela spoke to him again:
“ Let me go in alone, Ed. Go get me a
drink-—or an ice. I’m—I’m burning up
—on fire.”

  “ You’ll be all right?” he questioned.

  “ Yes—only—Ed, hurry back.”

  She saw him depart swiftly on his er-
rand, turned, and went slowly, with an
actual drag in her usual light-footed step
toward a caseuse set in front of a rock-
work grotto filled with ferns and small
vines and topped by palms.

  She sank into the seat and closed her
eyes briefly over her whirling senses, only
to tauten once more into a strained atten-
tion, with every nerve aquiver. Some one
had spoken from the other side of the
artificial mound of rock and earth beside
which she sat.

  “ And who was the woman?” It was
the voice of a man, but one she did not
recognize.

  “ I don’t know. The light was rotten,
and she was back of Trevor.” She knew
that voice-; had heard it last less than an
hour before when Buck Frieder had
forced his presence upon her.

  “ And you expect to pull that sort of
stuff without knowing her name?” the
first speaker continued.

  “ We won’t need her name,” Frieder
protested. “ Lord, man, Trevor can’t
deny it. Kennedy saw her, too, and
though he’s promised not to talk and got
me to agree unless I thought it my duty,
once it is out, he’ll back us up. Trevor’s
sharp enough to see that. He won’t
deny it, and then the public will demand
the woman’s name and Ed won’t give it.
If he doesn’t, his silence will be taken as
sure proof of guilt. We’ll have him in a
cleft stick. Then we’ll scotch him.”
152

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ Ren Langdon won’t stand for it, I
reckon,” his companion resumed. “ You
know his agreement with Trevor is that
his fight’s to be clean.”

  So that was it. Even in her tense hor-
ror, Shiela felt her heart expand briefly.
First, Langdon’s opponent had given
Ren’s attitude as an argument for his own
safety, and now these two supporters of
the McSwayne man were saying the same
thing.

 He was a man—a man—this blond
giant of the tawny hair and the blue eyes.
And he was known by men as a man.
One might be proud of the friendship of
such as he—might do much to merit his
love. She clenched her hands and sat on
with straining ears, the white flesh of her
bared bosom rising and falling in slow,
deep, silent respirations.

  “ No, Ren won’t stand for it,” Buck
admitted. “ That’s why I’m putting you
wise. We may have to act without him.
Anyway, we can’t let a man like Trevor
get in—a man who holds girls in his rooms
at night. Nice reform candidate that.”

  “ Rot,” said the other. “ Go slow on
that. There may be a perfectly sound ex-
planation.”

  “ Explanation? Of a girl in your rooms
at 3 a.m.? There’s just about one, to my
mind—and to the minds of most others.”

  “ Trevor’s not that sort.”

  “ Any man’s that sort—with a girl and
a chance, if you listen to me.”

  “ Well, what’s your idea, then?”
Shiela’s attitude became still more
tense. Forewarned is always forearmed,
and only with a knowledge of the ene-
my’s plans could she hope to make others
to circumvent them. Not that she had
the faintest idea of what was to be done,
but—surely, surely there was a way out of
this terrible impasse!

  Buck cleared his throat. “ Now, lis-
ten,” he began, and went on in so low a
tone that Shiela could not catch the
words at all, strain her ears as she
might.

  A figure came through the doorway. It
was Trevor, bearing a brimming glass of
iced punch in his hand. Shiela straight-
ened. In a flash she saw a way to at
least add caution to these plotters behind
her. “ Oh, Mr. Trevor,” she called loud
enough, yet not too loudly. “ What are
you doing here?” She forced herself to
her feet just as Ed reached her side, and
w'ithout explanation she caught the glass
from his hands and dropped it, untasted,
among the clustering ferns.

  Trevor stared at her as at one bereft
of her senses. “Shiela!” he made un-
certain protest.

  Without an answer she laid her finger
on her lips. Her head nodded slightly
toward the grotto. There was a move-
ment beyond it; and then Buck Frieder,
and another man in ordinary sack suit
and soft collar, emerged and passed to-
ward the ballroom door.

  Frieder swept man and girl as he
passed, and ducked his head briefly to
Trevor. One would have said his eyes
searched the young attorney’s face in in-
terrogation.

  Shiela shivered. “ They were sitting
there talking—plotting,” she half ex-
plained to Trevor. “ Ed—they—they
mean to talk, I tell you. You must tell
Ren Langdon all about it, and get him to
make Buck stop.”

  Trevor set his lips firmly. “ I am not
the man to mention your name, or that of
any good woman, in such a connection,”
he said slowly.

  A sense of absolute defeat, a realization
of the futility of her efforts, swept over
Shiela in overwhelming flood. She opened
her lips as if to protest Trevor’s remark,
and closed them again without uttering a
sound.

  When she did speak, her accents were
flat, hopeless, lifeless: “ Ed, take me out
and get me a taxi. Don’t bother Ren.
He’s got to stay here. But I want to go
home. If I don’t—I’ll go to pieces. Please,
Ed—please!”

TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK. Don’t forget this magazine is issued weekly, and that
you will get the continuation of this story without waiting a month.
LABOR DAY

BY WILL THOMAS WITHROW

(In Anticipation.)

                MY snow-white uniform and jaunty cap,

Spotless and neatly pressed, are laid away;
They’ll fit my manly for-m with style and snap
While proudly I parade on Labor Day.

                   The fellows at the shop selected me

                     To wear a bright, new sword and lead the line,
                  Because they wanted all the folks to see,

First in command, a martial form like mine.

Straight down the center of the wide, main street,
Which cheering thousands line on either side,

                   I shall direct ten thousand marching feet,

                    The while my manly bosom swells with pride.

(In Retrospect.)

                  My snow-white uniform and jaunty cap,

Spotless and neatly pressed, and laid away,

                  Are still unused, but I have hopes, mayhap,

That I may wear them on next Labor Day.

                  I did not lead the Labor Day parade;

                     I marched in a parade led by my wife!

My sword and uniform, they made some show—

                    Did they? They did not! Not on your sweet life!

                  I cleaned the house; I beat four dozen rugs;

I manicured the lawn and patched the roof;

I blacked ten stoves and filled my hands with slugs
Of rusty iron—I have the scars for proof.

                  Thus did I “ celebrate ” on Labor Day;

                   And when at last the end—and night—had come,
                 My wife remarked how “ nice ” it was for me
                 To spend a quiet day with her at home!
CAPTAIN MIKE ROONEY, mas-
ter of the Consolidated Fruit
Company’s steamship Presidente,
rested his elbows on the bridge rail, re-
garding his chief mate with a humorous
eye.

  “ Look at that, now,” he chuckled,
“ teachin’ them squarehead deckhands to
clean as much paint with five swipes of
the sponge as they formerly did with
thirteen—efficiency, he calls it!”

  John Norton, the general manager of
the company, nodded approval.

  “ That youngster should go far, Cap-
tain Mike—I like to see that spirit.”

  “ Ye-es,” returned the skipper, scratch-
ing his chin thoughtfully; “but, it can
be overdone, John. I’ve only had that
lad this trip, but I can see one thing—
he’s not human. He’s a machine, with a
bilge pump in place of a heart. He’s
for Carl Graham, first, last, and in the
mid-watch. Not but what he’s a. smart
mate,” the captain added. “ You should
see his boat drill! ”

  Captain Rooney glanced sideways
across the bridge to where his chief en-
gineer was standing with his back
against the wheel-house, talking to the
manager’s daughter.

  “ Look at Sam Bowen, now. This

ship costs less for coal and repairs than
any other in the line, but Sam’s human
—I love him like me own son.”

 “True, Mike,” Norton returned.
“ But then, Bowen’s efficient without
knowing it.”

  “Always exceptin’ in love,” the cap-
tain grinned. “ He falls down there—
Graham never would. He’ll court with
his head, not his heart.”

  The subject of their conversation was
standing in the forward well deck of the
Presidente, superintending the scrubbing
of the paint on the after end of the fore-
castle. He was a sufficiently good-look-
ing youngster, but, to the close observer,
there was a hard look about his mouth
and a cold, steely glint in his gray-blue
eyes that betrayed the nature of the
man.

  When, at eighteen, Carl Graham grad-
uated from the Schoolship St. Marys, he
entered the employ of the Consolidated
Fruit Company as a quartermaster on
one of their ships. Thereafter, as fast
as the United States steamboat inspec-
tion rules would permit, he went up for
his examinations, and, at twenty-five, he
had his master’s papers and had been
appointed chief mate of the Presidente.
Carl’s consuming ambition was the
THE GRAIN OF SAND.

155

achievement of material success. Very-
early in life, he had formulated a course
which he had determined to follow un-
varyingly, and that course had for its
objective a far wider scope of activity
than would be possible to him as master
of a vessel, no matter how large. No
consideration should be permitted to de-
flect him from that course and no means
overlooked to attain his end.

  In his schoolship days, Carl had some-
how happened upon one of the earlier
works on efficiency and, thereafter, read
them all. The theory and practise of one
exponent in particular attracted him.
This gentleman, who was a contractor,
had been able to prove that a man could
lay more bricks in a day with less exer-
tion if a careful study was made of the
number of movements requisite to put
each brick in its proper place, and the
layer was then instructed how to work in
such a manner as to use the minimum
number of motions only.

  This principle had struck Carl as en-
tirely practicable, and he had yearned
for an opportunity to apply it. The op-
portunity came with his appointment to
the Presidente. Such matters of ship
husbandry as the cleaning of paint are
entirely within the control of the chief
mate, and Carl had taken strong hold
at once, to the disgust of the boatswain.

  Alice Norton turned to the chief engi-
neer. Sam Bowen had no business on
the bridge, but he was generally to be
found somewhere in the immediate
neighborhood of Miss Norton when she
was aboard the ship. The girl asked:

  “ Why don’t you try some of that
efficiency on your engine-room, Sam?”
Bowen laughed.

  “That’s where it grows, Alice!”
“Small thanks to you!” she retorted.
“ I don’t believe you’ve been in the en-
gine-room once since we left port.”

  “ That shows how efficient I am,”
Sam countered, his handsome face beam-
ing as he looked down on her. “ Be-
sides, you’re wrong. I go down every
morning and give ’em my blessing.”

  The mate, standing on the forehatch,
swung around and hailed the bridge.

  “ Hold the watch on us, please, Cap-
tain Rooney!” Then he blew a shrill
call upon his whistle and sang out:
“ Man overboard!”

  Instantly, all was bustle upon deck.
Captain Rooney strode to the engine-
room telegraph and shoved the handle to
“stop!” The deckhands dropped their
sponges, swarmed up the ladders to the
shelter deck, raced aft, and tumbled into
the quarter-boat, swung out, ready for
lowering. From his place in the stern
sheets, Graham dropped his arm and the
boat sank swiftly to the water.

  Norton put away his watch with a
satisfied nod.

  “Two minutes—very snappy work!”
he commented to the captain. Then he
added: “A promising young officer. I
must watch him.”

  Carl received the manager’s commen-
dation with outward modesty. He was
assured that his little gallery play had
fixed him in Norton’s mind as an entity
instead of a name on the marine depart-
ment’s payroll. He also perceived that
Miss Norton was impressed; and this
impression was a part of Carl’s general
scheme, for he had made up his mind
that he must marry a woman who could
help him.

  If he loved her, so much the better,
but that was not an essential. Alice,
plainly, would help him. It never en-
tered his calculations that the lady
might not see things in the same light.
Such a doubt would be contrary to all
the principles of efficiency. But then,
Carl had never had time to study wom-
an, either in the abstract or the concrete.

  The Presidente docked at Brooklyn
the following afternoon, and the Nortons
departed for home. Before she left the
ship, Alice found Sam Bowen.

  “ Why don’t you come to see me once
in a while, Sam?” she questioned with a
flashing smile. “ I don’t think you treat
an old schoolmate very well!”

  Whereat, Sam blushed and stammered
156

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

and said that he’d try to get around.
The next evening, while the chief was
sitting in the chart-room with Mrs.
Rooney and the captain, the skipper hav-
ing slipped down to see how things were
going under Graham’s charge, the mate
poked his head in at the doorway. When
he saw him, Bowen’s eyes rounded with
wonder, for Graham was dressed in im-
maculate evening clothes; a thing never
before seen aboard the Presidente.

  “ I have put Mr. Olsen in charge and
I am going ashore now, sir, unless you
want me,” Graham announced in his
clear-cut, incisive speech.

  The captain’s eyes twinkled.

  “ Go ahead, Mr. Graham—I hope
you’ll tell the girl all about them effici-
ency dodges. John Norton is a kind of
crank on them things, and she always
does what John wants.”

  The mate bowed to Mrs. Rooney and
departed.

  “ Is Graham going to the Norton’s?”
Bowen asked the captain.

  “ He is—and you better watch your-
self or he’ll run away with the girl under
your nose!” the skipper responded.

  “Oh!” said Sam thoughtfully. With-
out further speech he walked away and,
thereafter, spent an hour staring at a
small snap-shot that hung above his desk.

  Alice Norton and he had gone to pub-
lic school together in Brooklyn. That
was before Mrs. Norton died and while
John Norton was still a shipmaster in
the company’s employ, instead of its gen-
eral manager. There had never been
any girl in Sam Bowen’s life except Alice
Norton, and there never would be; but
Sam had very little imagination.

  At twenty-seven, he was chief engi-
neer, and his conception of success had,
so far, carried him only to a gradual in-
crease in the size of the boats upon
which he would serve and the same grad-
ual increase in the size of his pay-check.
Serious thoughts of matrimony had been
far in the future. It came suddenly to
Sam that, perhaps, herein he differed
from Carl Graham.

  The very next evening he called at the
Nortons’ and was well received by Alice,
who was rather a terrifying figure to
him, dressed as she was for a dance. She
mentioned that Graham had called upon
her, and that he was a very interesting
man; also that his ambition was most
acceptable to her father. Then it was
time for her to go to the dance, and she
went, accompanied by a youth whom
Sam could have turned up and spanked
with his left hand otherwise engaged.
Sam returned to the ship; again very
thoughtful.

  Time went on and the Presidente made
her trips regularly between Bella Cruz
and New York. Whenever he was in
port, Carl Graham spent much time
with Alice. He seemed to be making
satisfactory headway; and Norton was
most hospitable. But one matter trou-
bled him. On two occasions Alice was
unable to accept his invitations because
of a previous engagement with Sam
Bowen. Carl began to see that Bowen
must be considered an alien grain of
sand in the bearings of the efficiency ma-
chine. And, as such, should be removed.

  Sam seemed to get nowhere. As has
been said, he lacked imagination, and
that finer perception of the feminine
view-point that sometimes goes with im-
agination. He liked to be with Alice,
but he was unhappy when he was with
her; and still more unhappy when he was
not.

  Then John Norton announced that he
was going to Bella Cruz again. Where-
upon, Alice decreed that she should go,
too; and that they would travel aboard
the Presidente.

  It happened that, on the afternoon of
the second day out, Alice found herself
alone. There were no other passengers,
her father was yarning with Captain
Rooney, Carl Graham was on watch, and
Sam Bowen down in the engine-room.
Something about the machinery was
balky and he had been there all day.

  Alice tired of reading and took a walk
around the ship. She dropped into the
THE GRAIN OF SAND.

157

galley and had a chat with the chef,
then wandered on, along the port side of
the main deck. The door of Sam’s room
stood open and all Sam’s earthly pos-
sessions were exposed to the world.

  Alice hesitated, glanced cautiously
around, then stepped inside. She read
the titles of the scanty store of books
upon the shelf, uncomprehendingly fin-
gered a steam-engine indicator lying on
the desk, then saw the little snap-shot,
hung against the bulkhead.

  A quick, tender smile lit her face and
she turned and hurried to her own room.
Presently she was back on the port side
of the main deck. Sam was still absent.
Alice went inside once more, drew a
large cabinet photograph from under her
polo coat and put it in a prominent po-
sition on the desk. Then she ran swift-
ly forward and joined her father and
Captain Rooney, taking a somewhat ex-
cited part in the conversation.

  When he came off watch, Graham re-
paired to the chief engineer’s room to
mention a leaky steam-pipe on the after
winch. He found Bowen, with the grime
of the engine-room still upon him, just
laying a cabinet photograph upon the
desk. Sam blushed furiously through
the grime when the mate entered. Gra-
ham mentioned his errand briefly, with
tight shut lips through which his speech
snapped—then departed, morally certain
that the chief had been kissing that pho-
tograph. That grain of sand in the bear-
ings was beginning to be serious.

  All the next day the Presidente bucked
into a southeasterly gale that rapidly in-
creased to hurricane strength. When
darkness fell, she was barely able to hold
her own with her engines running full
speed ahead. She had shipped a sea that
had torn two boats bodily from the
chocks and wrenched away the engine-
room skylights, flooding the lower re-
gions with tons of water. The upper
deck staterooms were impossible of oc-
cupancy, because they were entered
from outside, and it was a very danger-
ous procedure to attempt to pass along

the deck; so Alice and her father were
transferred, for the time, to inner rooms
opening off the main saloon on the port
side.

  When Alice went to bed Captain
Rooney had the ship head to sea, and,
being light, she was laboring terrifically,
so much so that Alice had difficulty in
reaching her room at all. She had long
since been forbidden to poke her nose
outside the house, and she had spent a
miserable evening in company with the
purser, who was fat, fifty, and addicted
to a nap after dinner, gale or no gale.
She had not seen Sam for thirty-six
hours.

  Some time during the night Alice was
awakened by noises that were not of the
hurricane. There was much shouting in
the saloon, a shuffling of feet, and
snapped orders. Somebody pounded on
her door, yelling:

  “ Fire!”

  And in that weather!

  Alice was a sailor’s daughter, and she
was partially dressed and outside her
door before her eyes were wide open.
Her father was awaiting her. Together,
they emerged from the alley, now full of
pungent, choking smoke, and saw a ter-
rifying spectacle.

  The engine-room well—that pierced
through all the decks to the shelter deck,
furnishing light and air to the engine-
room—was a steel casing, sheathed on
the saloon side with a patent, decorative
material that the Presidente’s builders
had guaranteed non-inflammable. Their
guarantee was, however, worthless, for
now it was blazing fiercely, fanned by
the draft that came through the saloon
doors, opened to admit hose lines.

  The heat was intense; so intense that,
in places where the sheathing had fallen
away, the steel beneath was warped and
gaping, so that the flames drew inward
and up through the broken engine-room
skylight as through a chimney. Also,
the fire had already attacked the state-
room partitions on the starboard side.

  Men with axes reeled on the heaving
158

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  deck, striving desperately to cut away
  the burning material. Other men, with
  their feet braced wide apart, held the
  hose lines and directed the streams
  against the fire. The water, striking the
  steel of the engine-room well, still fur-
  ther warped the red-hot plates and cas-
  ' caded through the openings in showers
  of steam.

    Carl Graham, cool and active, was di-
  recting the seemingly hopeless fight. His
  clear voice dominated the tumult and
  his quick eye instantly saw the most
  minute point of vantage from which to
  attack the enemy. He caught sight of
  Alice and her father and turned to them.

    “ Please go aft as far as possible,’7 he
  begged. “ We can beat this, but I don’t
  want to have to worry about you!”

    Alice shook her head, but Graham had
  already turned back to his duty. He
  was certainly resourceful and brave,
  but—

   At that instant Sam Bowen touched
 Graham on the arm and said something
 about the forward donkey pump.

   “Yes, start it!” Graham directed
 crisply. “ We need all the water we can
 get! Be careful how you go forward,”
 he added, “ we’ve had two men swept
 overside already!” Then he turned to
 give directions to the axmen.

    Bowen stood staring at the engine-
 room casing. He seemed not to have
 seen Alice or her father. A stream struck
 the steel and the water poured through
 an opening, boiling hot. Sam muttered
 something and raced away; but not for-
 ward, Alice noticed.

    Presently Smith, the second engineer,
  reported to Graham that he had the for-
  ward donkey pump going and another
  two lines of hose available.

    It was a long and stubborn fight, but
  they won it at last. All hands not actu-
  ally needed in the working of the ship,
  even Alice, turned to—it was put the
  fire out or die. No small boat could
  have been launched or, if launched,
  could have lived in that raging sea.
  Never once, through all the fight, did

Alice see Sam Bowen again, and she
wondered; but decided that he must be
standing by the pump.

  When the last ember had been
stamped or drowned out, the cook went
to the galley and made hot coffee for all
hands. The gale was moderating fast
and the rising sun almost breaking
through the flying scuds.

  Graham brought coffee to Alice and
her father and received their praises.
While they were drinking the coffee,
Sam Bowen came up. He was covered
with black, but his face showed dirty
white in places and his cheeks were odd-
ly puffy.

  Alice turned to him with a delighted
welcome. Carl Graham heard the glad-
ness in her voice and his face clouded,
and the steely glitter in his eyes became
very pronounced.

  “ I noticed that you sent the second
to the forward donkey pump, Sam,” he
remarked in a meaning tone. “ You did
quite right not to take a chance on go-
ing overboard.” He addressed Alice.
“ We wouldn’t want to lose the chief,
would we, Miss Alice?”

  The girl turned to Bowen, her face
suddenly hard.

  “ Did you send the second to the
pump?”

  “ Certainly,” Sam said in a surprised
manner.

  “ Where were you?” Alice persisted.

  “ Oh, Sam was all right—he was in the
engine-room!” Graham interposed. Then
he laughed nastily.

  “ Were you in the engine-room?”
Alice’s voice was cold.

  Blank amazement and incredulity
spread over Sam’s face at the tone of
the question. He stared at Alice. Some-
thing he read in her expression made him
turn quickly and walk away without reply.
Alice followed and tapped him on the
shoulder. He winced, as though her touch
hurt him.

  “ Sam,” said the girl piteously, “ oh,
Sam, I didn’t think you were a coward!”

  The chief engineer made no attempt to
THE GRAIN OF SAND.

159

defend himself, nor did he look around,
but walked slowly out of the wrecked
saloon, his shoulders bent.

  Norton flashed his daughter a puzzled
glance; then bent frowning brows on the
mate. He favored Graham with a pro-
longed scrutiny, made a sound that was
a cross between a laugh and a snort, and
stalked away to his own room. Carl
Graham permitted the set line of his lips
to relax. The grain of sand had been
removed.

  Alice did not see Sam Bowen again be-
fore the Presidente docked at Bella Cruz.
Once or twice she strolled past his room
on the main deck, impelled by she did not
know what; but the door was always tight
shut and the blind drawn across the win-
dow. Once she saw a steward disappear
through the door carrying a tray of food.
Her face hardened. It must be true, then,
Sam was ashamed to appear. The dining
saloon had escaped the fire, and Sam had
always taken his meals with them, but
now he could not face them.

  Unwelcome news awaited Norton on
the pier at Bella Cruz. The local man-
ager told him that the country was full
of fever and that it would be unsafe to
leave the town. As the repair shop of
the company’s railroad would be busy
with the Presidente’s wrecked interior, he
and Alice went to the hotel, and Norton
immediately plunged into business with
his representative.

  On the morning following their arrival,
Alice strolled down to the quay with her
father and, while he was in the offices,
she went and sat at the edge of the pier,
looking out over the bay. She was imme-
diately surrounded by a crowd of ragged,
native urchins, who chattered to her in
incomprehensible Spanish.

  “ They want you to throw coppers over
for them to dive after,” Graham eluci-
dated, joining her. “Watch!” He
walked to the corner of the pier at the
stern of the Presidente and threw a hand-
ful of pennies overboard.

  At once the water was full of plunging,
struggling youngsters, plain to be seen in

the clear depths. Alice laughed heartily
and emptied her purse of small coin to
keep the circus going. In the midst of
the fun she glanced up at the ship and
saw Sam Bowen leaning over the taffrail.

  Sam called something down to them, of
which she caught only the word “ pro-
peller.” The ship’s water-ballast tanks
had been emptied and she floated so high
out of the water that nearly half of the
propeller was exposed. The boys were
diving within ten feet of it.

  “ Mr. Bowen is warning us of some-
thing,” she told Graham.

  “ Oh, he’s just telling us to keep
them clear of the screw,” the mate re-
turned. “ I suppose they are going to
turn the engines over to test them. Let’s
give the boys a real scramble. Watch
them go for this half-dollar!” He held
the coin between thumb and forefinger, so
that all the eager little copper-colored
faces might focus upon it; then tossed
it overboard.

  Simultaneously, the boys dove. Two of
the more active of them reached right
under the coin. Their motion made the
half-dollar slant sideways, as a stone skips
along the surface. It zigzagged down-
ward, approaching ever nearer to the
ship’s rudder, and came to rest on the
skag, or bottom support of the rudder,
immediately under the propeller.

  One of the youngsters saw it and made
a quick stroke forward. He rose directly
under the skag and clutched the prize,
then tried to come to the surface.

  Alice gasped and Graham said some-
thing that sounded very like an oath.
The boy’s wisp of cotton trousers had
become entangled in the bottom rudder
pintle and he was unable to tear loose.
He struggled frantically, and air bubbles,
rising to the surface, showed that he had
lost his head and would drown shortly.
His companions had fled from the water
terror-stricken.

  Bowen was leaning far over the taffrail,
calling to Graham. The mate, white-
faced, fingered the top button of his jacket
irresolutely, as though he were minded to
160

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

tear it off and go in for the boy; he
thought better of it and blew the call for
his boat-crew. Alice was bent over the
edge of the pier, wringing her hands and
calling upon Graham to do something.

  There came a mighty splash in the
water, and Bowen struck downward,
straight for the youngster. All the girl’s
faculties were centered on the man who
had now reached the boy and was tearing
at his trousers; but, in the back of her
mind, she was aware that Graham had
run aboard the ship and was getting a
boat overboard as efficiently as he did
everything.

  Now, Bowen, in his efforts to release
the youngster, had thrown a leg over the
skag, right under the propeller blade.
Alice screamed- a frantic scream that
brought her father and all the office force
out of the building. The propeller was
beginning to turn. Slowly, inexorably,
the blade came down; and Bowen, with
his leg over the skag, did not heed. Once
let that blade, with a clearance of barely
four inches, cross the skag and nothing
could save the chief’s leg, probably his
life. Down, down came the blade—-six
inches—four inches.

  “ Oh! ” Alice went limp.

  With a savage jerk Bowen had torn the
cloth at last, and he and the boy shot to
the surface as the propeller began to turn
in earnest. The backwash sent them
clear; and Graham and his boat-crew were
in time to pull them in and land them
on the pier.

  Both were unconscious. The company
doctor set two clerks to work to revive the
youngster, and turned his attention to
Bowen. Alice, drawn by an irresistible
impulse, came close as the doctor opened
the thin cotton shirt that was the only
covering on the upper part of Bowen’s
body. He glanced at the chief’s chest,
then tore the shirt clear off his shoulders.

  “No wonder he fainted!” he ejacu-
lated. “ The man’s body is a mass of
burns!”

  With sudden understanding, Alice saw
the raw flesh where Sam had scraped the

blisters in his struggle under water. As
the world reeled about her, she staggered
to her father and held to his arm.

  “ I wondered how long you’d let that
four-flusher bluff you!” her parent re-
marked, with a grim smile. “ Sam Bowen
stuck to his engines while boiling water
and firebrands dropped on him for three
hours. He wouldn’t ask his men to stand
the gaff. He kept the ship head to wind
and saved our lives!”

  “Oh don’t, dad!” Alice wailed. Then
she looked for Carl Graham, who was
walking hurriedly toward the quarter
boat.

  When Sam Bowen opened his eyes,
somebody was sitting beside him—some-
body who whispered his name when she
saw that he was conscious. The same
somebody bent very close to him and, in
plain view of all Bella Cruz, assembled
on the pier, pressed her lips to his.

  “ Sam.” somebody whispered, “ daddy
has decided that he must go back to New
York on the Libertad when she touches
here this afternoon. I'll have to go, too—-
unless ’’—here somebody hid her face in
his wet hair, so that he could not see it,
although he very much wished to—“ un-
less—of course—you’ve never asked me,
Sam, but, I think—I think—Captain
Rooney would marry us—then I could
stay behind and look after those burns,
Sam, dear.”

  Subsequently, the Consolidated Com-
pany had a new ship come out. The as-
signment of officers to her caused a shake-
up and a vacancy for a new captain. Sam
Bowen, marine superintendent of the line,
took his problem to the general manager.

  “ Here are two chief officers who en-
tered the service on the same day, and
each man’s record is clear. Who gets the
Presidente when Rooney takes the Dic-
tador?”

  “ Give her to Tom Carter,” Norton
directed, with a smile. “ Carl Graham
is such a darned efficient paint scrubber
that it’d be a shame to make a skipper
of him!”
c/" cJ. Storer Cloustoiv>

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS

SIR WYVERNE WARRINGTON BROWNE, M. P., dabbling in chemistry, evolves a capsule
that divides him into two living personalities—Archibald Fitz-Wyverne and Samuel Harris
—his giddy and ascetic personalities respectively. In the first afternoon Archie changes the
baronet’s politics, makes appointments with two young ladies for the same hour that evening, and
spends the appointed hour in the company of Joyce Demayne, the baronet's secretary. He tells
Joyce the baronet is crazy about her. Samuel, on the other hand, writes serious sociological
treatises, and sternly informs the baronet’s mother that Joyce Demayne is a menace to her son’s
Well-being. Attempting to reunite into the single body of the baronet again, the problem is

solved by shaking hands. But the baronet finds
Archie’s escalades—committed in his name!

CHAPTER X.

THE TWO CANVAS BAGS.

ONE of the pleasantest features of
Sutherbury Park was the avenue
of limes; not the main avenue
from the London road, but a long and
narrow glade between two rows of ancient
trees, leading to a postern in the boundary
wall.

  Down this, on a placid, sunshiny after-
noon, Miss Joyce Demayne strolled very
thoughtfully, her eyes on the ground, the
charms of the day and place unheeded.
When she happened to look up she saw,
between the trees ahead, Major Pecken-
ham. He, too, was walking extremely
slowly for a man of his brisk habits.

  Like all women of sound instincts,
Miss Demayne approved of military
gentlemen; especially when they looked
the part as satisfactorily as the major.
And like all good judges of women, the
major highly approved of Joyce De-
mayne; in fact, he had even gone the
length of adding up his salary, pension,
and private means and subtracting from
the total the hypothetical cost of a lady
and (say) two children.

This story began in the All-

XI A-S

himself confronted with the consequences of

   The remainder, he perceived at once,
 was quite inadequate to support a gen-
 tleman as a gentleman ought to be sup-
 ported, but the calculation showed, the
 exceptional nature of his approval. He
 had made it only about eight times be-
 fore in his whole life.

   Yet, though she looked particularly
 engaging this morning in a short walking
 skirt and the most becoming soft felt
 hat, he never quickened his stride, and
 his manner when they met was abstract-
 ed. So, likewise, was hers, and, in fact,
 after saying “ Good-morning,” they stood
 for a moment in silence. She was the
 first to speak.

   “ I presume Sir Wyverne has told you
 he is going abroad?” she asked.

   From his sudden look at her, she
 seemed to have touched the very topic on
 his own mind.

   “ Oh, then he has told you?”

   “ But evidently not any one else. Even
 his mother is not to be informed till after
 he has gone.”

   “ I knew he was keeping it pretty
 dark.”

   “ It seems to me a little strange,” she
 said tentatively.

 Story Weekly for August 26.
162	ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

   He looked at her very intently for a
n'oment.

  “ Miss Demayne ”—his tone was earn-
est—“ I am going to ask you something.
It’s a question of great interest to us
both. Excuse me for one moment.”

   The words and the voice sent a strange
suspicion shooting through her mind.
She had never looked upon the major as
that kind of admirer, but then men were
men.

   His next procedure, however, raised an
even graver suspicion. Darting from her
side, he passed between two of the trees
and carefully peered round. Then he
crossed the glade and did the same on
the other side. She remembered having
been proposed to several times before
and though the gentlemen had always
sought solitude first, they had never
taken such extraordinary precautions.
Yet the major seemed the last man to
have a nervous breakdown.

  “ Have you seen any strange men
about the place?” he asked in a low voice
as he came close to her again.

   She looked a little startled.

   “ No,” she 9aid, “ not since I met Mr.
Archie Fitz-Wyverne.”

   ■“ Have you seen him again?”

   She shook her head.

   “ Or any other stranger?”

  “ Not about the house or park. Do
you suspect there are any?”

   He nodded, and to himself he said:

  “ Where the devil does he keep the
fellows?”

   “ But surely you don’t think they are
likely to be behind the trees!” she ex-
claimed.

  “ Upon my word, I haven’t the fog-
giest notion what to think,” he said
gravely. “ The thing is getting on my
nerves. There are certain people some-
where, and# not knowing where, I’m be-
ginning to look for them everywhere.”

  “ Is Mr. Fitz-Wyverne one of them?”
she demanded. He became evasive.

   “ Certain people were here, and I’ve
made quiet inquiries and worked out the
railway time-tables, and I can’t account

for things unless they are here all the
time!”

  He fell silent for a few moments and
then in an even more confidential voice,
he continued:

  “ You have some influence with Wy-
verne, Miss Demayne.”

  “Oh, very little!” she protested
hastily, her color rising just perceptibly.

  “ Well, anyhow you can have if you
like, and if you will use it for his own
good, I’ll tell you what I wish you’d per-
suade him to do—to tell the truth!”

  “ About what?”

   “ Just get it into his head that if he
trusts people at all, he oughtn’t to tell
them whopping lies. Do it in your own
tactful way. Give it the feminine touch
—the high-souled, beautiful influence of
woman and—er—all that, but make him
stop fibbing!”

  She had never before known Major
Peckenham rise to such heights of elo-
quence, and was naturally impressed.
At the same time, her commission struck
her as a trifle vague.

   “ I can hardly believe he is deliberately
untruthful—” she began.

“Put it like that! Put it like that!”
cried the major. “ That’s the way to in-
fluence us—appeal to our higher nature!”
“ But won’t you even tell me what un-
truth he has told?” she pleaded.

   “ Murder will out,” he answered dark-
ly. “ And so probably will this.”

   With this cryptic forecast, he raised
his hat and turned away. Then he turned
back.

  “ By the way,” he added, “ remember
I’m always at your service while Wyverne
is away. Come and tell me at once if
anything seems at all queer. I’m afraid
I won’t have much time to come up to
the house. I have two men coming to-
night to stay with me.”

   “ Your brothers?” she asked hopefully.
The major had three brothers in the
army and two in the navy—all very
gallant gentlemen.

   “ No,” he said hastily, “ no such luck.
Quite different fellows. Good-by.”
TWO’S TWO.	163

  She thought his manner seemed
stranger than ever as he made this last
speech.

  She got back to the house in time for
tea. Sir Wyverne, as usual, was there,
and as usual was politeness itself to the
old lady. He and his secretary barely
exchanged a word.

  Shortly before dinner he sent for her
tc come to the study. She happened to
be passing through the hall when she got
the message and so it was that she ap-
peared a little sooner than she was proba-
bly expected.

  “Oh!” exclaimed the baronet hur-
riedly “ I—er—just one moment! ”

  In each hand he held a plump little
canvas bag, and as he spoke he turned
away from her, put them on his desk and
closed the top. She distinctly heard a
metallic clink as he set them down.

  There had been a marked constraint
in their bearing toward one another for
the past two days—ever since the visit
of Archibald—and this incident seemed
on his part to increase it.

  “ I only just wanted to tell you,” he
said, “ that I am leaving for Paris to-
night.”

  “ To-night!”

  “ Yes—important business—a sudden
call. I’m leaving rather quietly. Please
give this note to my mother in the morn-
ing. It’s to—er—explain things.”

  She took the note and there was a mo-
ment of silence. It might have been the
psychological moment for a tactful homily
on truthfulness, as she realized afterward;
but at the time it was the last thing she
thought of.

  “ Well, good-by,” he said, as if he
thought he ought to get it over with, and
they shook hands.

  She had reached the door when he
spoke again.

  “ I should be greatly obliged if you
would regard this—er—incident as con-
fidential,” he suggested. “ It sounds mys-
terious, but—do you mind?”

  His smile was always charming, but to-

night the thing that struck her about it
was its reminiscent suggestion of some-
body else. For an instant she was puz-
zled, and then she remembered, it was
Archibald Fitz-Wyverne!

  “ Do you mean my coming to the
study?”

  “ Yes—the whole thing. Just tell my
mother I left the note out for her. You
see I shall probably walk to the station
and carry what I need in a handbag,
and—” He broke off and then added:
“ By the way, I think, on the whole, you
had better say I saw you and that I told
you this. Good-by again.”

  At this point the idea of the homily
did strike Miss Demayne rather forcibly,
but it was clearly not the most tactful
moment.

  Early hours was one of Lady Warring-
ton-Browne’s leading principles and by
half past ten Joyce was in her room, and
silence had fallen on the house. She was
in no mood for sleep, and for a long time
sat in a wicker chair before the fire think-
ing and wondering. The picture that per-
sistently rose before her mind was of an
opulent and respected baronet leaving his
house on foot in the dead of night,
equipped with a handbag for a visit to
Faris.

  The clock on her mantelpiece struck
softly. She looked up and saw that it
was half past eleven, and then it occurred
to her that the only night train for Lon-
don, or for anywhere else, passed through
Sutherbury Station — stopping if notice
were given—at 11.40. So he must have
left the house some time ago.

  She sat thinking till twelve o’clock
roused her again. He must be thunder-
ing through the night toward Paddington
by now! She decided it was time to go
to bed.

  But still she felt restless, and after
gazing absently at the dying fire, and
then a little less absently at the mirror,
she opened the window and gazed into
the night. Dimly she could pick out one
dark, towering evergreen after another
164

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

till her eye fell on one which was not
quite dark. There was a little spot of
radiance on it, just bright enough to show
it to be a yew.

  She held her breath and followed the
line of light across the lawn till she traced
it to a window on the first floor. It was
hard to be quite certain in the dark, but
she was morally sure it was the window
of Sir Wyverne’s study. And then sud-
denly the light vanished.

  “ He has not gone after all!”

CHAPTER XI.

THE MIDNIGHT VISITOR.

BY ii p.m. the peaceful town of
Sutherbury prepared for rest. The
nightly promenade of youths and
maidens ebbed till the old stones of the
High Street were left almost bare.

  An economical person with a mys-
teriously efficient pole went round and
turned out every other lamp, and grad-
ually the last lingerers took the hint until,
down the darkened street, the footfalls
of the few passers-by began to ring out
like a postman’s raps.

  And then, more gradually, one bright
blind after another became a mere piece
of the darkness.

  In the oldest and narrowest part of
the High Street, near the foot, a light still
shone brightly in the glass over Major
Peckenham’s door, and in a chink be-
tween the curtains, the blind of his
ground-floor window glowed.

  Just before twelve o’clock the door
opened and the major himself appeared
on the step, a spectacle calculated to de-
light the provincial eye. How many
other people in Sutherbury dressed regu-
larly for dinner was uncertain; some said
one and some said two. Certainly, no
one else wore a frogged smoking coat
with red silk lapels, or smoked quite such
a good cigar.

  Yet in spite of these advantages, the
major seemed far from happy. He
frowned into the darkness, up the street

and down the street, and for five minutes
more he frowned as he stood there in-
tently listening]

  Midnight clanged on the town-hall
clock.

  Then he closed his door and returned
to his smoking-room fire and a glass of
whisky and soda that stood on an oaken
stool beside it. -On the table was a tray
with siphons, two glasses, and a decanter.
Evidently his guests had not arrived; but
evidently he still expected them.

  “ Can they be coming by train?” he
asked himself. “ If the 11.40 is late
there’s just a chance. Confound them!”

  The night-train was never much late,
and by 12.15 it was clear that no railway
was bringing them.

  “D—n them!” muttered the major.

  By half past twelve the High Street of
Sutherbury was desolate enough for a
highway robbery. Not a footfall had
broken the silence for twenty minutes,
and, except Major Peckenham’s, every
house was dark.

  And then a step rang out.

  It was a deliberate and dogmatic step,
and as its owner passed one of the sur-
viving lamps his appearance answered
exactly to the step. He seemed also of a
cautious and discreet nature, for his felt
hat was turned down to shade his face,
and as he drew near the lower end of the
street he paused and listened warily. He
carried a small leather suit-case.

  When he reached the major’s door he
stopped, listened again, and then rattled
the knocker.

  The major’s red lapels and white-shirt
front appeared in the doorway.

  “ Is that you at last?” he demanded.

  “ The answer to the first part of your
question is in the affirmative,” replied the
visitor with some asperity. “ The last
part I consider an unwarranted aspersion!
I have arrived at the hour which I con-
sidered most advisable. You can shut
the door.”

  The major was still standing by the
open door looking into the darkness of
High Street.
TWO’S TWO.

165

  “ Isn’t the other fellow coming?” he
asked.

  “ The answer to that is in the nega-
tive,” replied his visitor, marching into
the smoking-room and throwing his suit-
case on the sofa with an assurance that
made his host’s toes tingle.

  “ What has happened to him?”

  “ He left the house some time ago, but
I take no interest in his movements, and
would prefer not to discuss such an un-
savory subject.”

  “ Left the house?” repeated the major.
“ Do you mean Sutherbury Park?”

  “ Naturally,” snapped his guest. “ You
are not an idiot, are you, Maurice?”

  The major started as though he had
been shot. In fact, he had been shot at
least twice in his career with much less
apparent effect.

  “ I beg your pardon?” he gasped.

  “ Are you deaf?” queried his guest
tartly. “ I spoke exceedingly distinct.”

  “ My name, Mr. Harris, is Major
Peeke tiham,” replied the major with
extraordinary haughtiness.

  Mr. Harris looked at him critically and
then at the tumbler on the oak stool.

  “ You are evidently drunk,” he replied.
“ My name is Samuel and yours is
Maurice, and you are perfectly aware of
those facts. Kindly get me a glass of milk
and a biscuit.”

  Major Peckenham was usually very
hospitable, but there were limits.

  “ My servants, unfortunately, have
gone to bed,” he replied stiffly.

  “ Do you imagine I pay you five hun-
dred pounds a year in order to obtain
that information?” said Samuel sternly.
“ Get me what I asked you for.”

  The major choked. Evidently this
pestilential person was absolutely in
Wyverne’s confidence. Evidently, also,
it had been arranged he should act this
detestable farce. The most elementary
discretion forbade offense being taken.

  In silence he stalked out of the room,
and in silence returned with a jug of milk
and a box of biscuits. Samuel filled a
tumbler and munched a Bath Oliver. Ex-

cept for the munching, which was rather
loud, there was silence for a few min-
utes. Gradually the major calmed down.

  “ Best plan is to humor the brute ” he
said to himself philosophically.

  Aloud he inquired:

  “ Then you’ve no idea what mischief
your friend is up to?”

  “ He is not my friend,” replied Samuel.
“ And since you are going to act as my
agent, I may as well warn you that in-
accuracy is one of my pet aversions.”
The major took a deep breath and
clenched his hands very tightly. By these
means he was able to answer with out-
ward calm:

  “ I mean Fitz Archibald, or whatever
he calls himself.”

  “ He calls himself Archibald,” correct-
ed Samuel. “ And as I said before, I
neither know nor care where he went or
what he proposes to do. We have ar-
ranged to keep one another supplied with
our addresses, so that I shall probably
learn where he is in a day or two. But,
having driven the necessity for this ele-
mentary precaution into his idiotic head,
I was only too thankful to be relieved of
his society.”

  Again there was a pause while Samuel
munched another Bath Oliver.

  “ Tell me when you would like to go
to bed,” said the major.

  “ May I inquire precisely why I should
inform you?” demanded his guest through
a mouthful of biscuit, which muffled with-
out mellowing his voice.

All the reply the major was capable of
making on the spur of the moment was:
“ It—it is usually done, I believe.”

  “ I never heard a more unintelligent
answer,” replied Samuel. “ When I am
ready for bed I shall go.”

  He finished his biscuit in silence and
then bent his searching gaze upon the
tray.

  “ Do you indulge in alcoholic refresh-
ment every night?” he inquired.

  “ Usually.”

  “ Usually?” repeated Samuel with an
accurate man’s scorn. “ On an average
166

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

 per week, how often do you omit to
 poison yourself?”

 “ Never,” said the major.

 “ In that case you will soon become
 quite unfit to transact business for me,"
 said Samuel. “ Have you tried any of
 the recognized drink cures?”

 “ No.”

 “ I shall give you one. A half-fuddled
 agent is unendurable.”

 “ Look here—” began the major, and
 then checked himself. His position was
 extraordinarily delicate.

 “ Look where?” demanded Samuel.

 Major Peckenham sprang up.

 “ Personally, I am going to bed,” he
 said. “ I had better show you your
 room.”

 “ I know every room in this house as
 well as you. I took it for you. I pre-
 sume I have got the bedroom opposite
 yours?”

 The major gasped. Certainly this fel-
 low was extraordinarily well informed.

 “ Yes,” he said.

 Samuel rose, also, and picked up his
 suit-case.

 “ Good night,” said he. “ We break-
 fast at seven.”

 “ Nine,” corrected his host.

 “ Seven,” repeated the guest firmly.
 “ I have come here to work, not to lie in
 bed.”

 “ My servants only get up at seven.”

 “ They will have to get up at five. I
 shall tell them so. Their room is the top
 back, I believe?”

 He started for the door.

 “ You don’t propose to tell them now!”
 exclaimed his host.

 “ I do.”

 The major decided he must risk some-
 thing.

 “ You will do nothing of the kind,” he
 replied, planting himself in the doorway
 in front of his guest.

 His shoulders were broad, and his eye
 clearly meant business. Samuel looked
 at him dourly, but he reflected that he,
 also, might be placed in an awkward sit-
 uation.

  “ I put this outburst down to intem-
  perance,” he said in a chilly voice. “ See
  that it doesn’t happen again, Maurice.
  Inform your servants of my wishes.”

  He and his bag went up-stairs, and the
  major heaved a sigh of relief.

 “ Rid of him for a few hours, any-
 how! ”

 And then he thought of the morrow,
 and his face again fell.

CHAPTER XII.

THE FIRST LETTER.

 PLEASE, your ladyship,” announced
 Horrocks, “ Sir Wyverne hasn’t
 slept in the ’ouse!”

  The two ladies were sitting at break-
  . fast when this bomb was thrown. Joyce
  flushed, and the searching gaze of the
  dowager did nothing to lower her color.

 “Then he must have gone, after all!”
 she exclaimed.

 “ Gone where?” his mother demanded.
 “ To Paris.”

 “ When?”

  “ Last night.”

  “ By motor-car?”

  “ No; he walked to the station.”

  “ But his luggage?”

  “ He carried it in his hand.”

 For a moment Lady Warrington-
 Browne stared at her in silence. Then in
 a very dry voice she remarked:

 “ Ah! He confided in you this time.”
 “ He asked me to tell you—” began
 Joyce.

 “ And why didn’t you?”

  “ I thought I saw a light in the study
  window after the last train had gone.”

 “ What an extraordinary reason for
 withholding this information from his
 mother! ”

  Joyce rose.

  “ He left a note for you,” she said hur-
  riedly. “ I’ll get it.”

  “ I should hope so! ”

 Joyce returned with the note, and in
 silence Lady Warrington-Browne read it
 through.
TWO’S TWO.

167

  “ He says nothing about walking to the
station at midnight with his luggage in
his hand,” she observed.

  “ Perhaps he decided on that later,”
suggested Joyce.

  “ I was not with him later,” replied
the dowager icily, “ but you apparently
were. Did he give no explanation of his
extraordinary step?”

  “ I never asked him for any.”

  “ Ah, no doubt inquiry would be un-
necessary.”

  This ambiguous remark was spoken
calmly, but the dowager’s eye gleamed.
Joyce said nothing else till breakfast was
over, and then hurried to her room.

  Opening the window, she put out her
head and looked along the long garden
front at the windows and then at the
illuminated yew. Then she went into the
garden and examined them from there.
She admitted she might conceivably have
made a mistake; she admitted she had
been culpable to jump to a conclusion on
such evidence alone; and yet she re-
mained morally sure that that light had
burned in Sir Wyverne’s study and then
been extinguished after the night train
had gone.

  In the course of the morning she
walked into Sutherbury to do some shop-
ping, and there, for the first time, she
heard rumors of Mr. Fitz Wyverne’s ex-
ploits, and the scandal that was rapidly
gathering like a snowball round his kins-
man’s name. The nervousness of Major
Peckenham began to seem, after all, not
so very extraordinary.

  From the High Street her errands took
her to the station, where she expected a
parcel by train, and there a greeting
from the station-master suddenly sug-
gested an inquiry.

  Beginning diplomatically with a few
questions about trains to London in gen-
eral, she arrived at the night express.

  “ Is it often stopped by signal?” she
asked.

  “ Once or twice a week, miss, as a gen-
eral rule,” said the station-master. “ It
was stopped last night, for instance.”

  “ Oh!” said Joyce carelessly. “ By Sir
Wyverne, I suppose?”

  “ Sir Wyverne!” exclaimed the station-
master. “ He didn’t go by train last night
surely, did he?”

  “ He has gone away for a few days,”
said she evasively. “ It just occurred to
me it might be he.”

  The casual habits of the family at the
park seemed to surprise the station-
master.

  “ It seems a bit odd, miss, you
shouldn’t know,” he remarked.

  Joyce felt it was time she moved on,
but she could not resist putting one ques-
tion more.

  “ Who did stop the train last night?”
she inquired.

  “ A young gentleman. Remarkable af-
fable young gentleman he was, too, miss—-
quite one of the nuts, as they call ’em
nowadays.”

  “ Nobody from Sutherbury?”

  “ Oh, no; I never saw him before; that
I’m positive certain of.”

  “ Well, good morning,” said Joyce.

  As she walked back to the house, she
wondered very hard indeed. She had the
strongest suspicions who the young gentle-
man was, but what was one to think about
the whole episode? The major’s state of
mind seemed perfectly normal now.

  She met the dowager again at lunch,
she met her at tea, she met her at dinner,
and she sat with her for an hour in the
drawing-room afterward, and as far as
she could remember the old lady ad-
dressed only six remarks to her. But the
vigilance of her hostile eye was never re-
laxed. Joyce was reminded of the stories
of prisoners in solitary cells and eyes that
watched them through peep-holes night
and day.

  After certain of Archibald’s disclosures,
she could not pretend to herself that the
old lady’s attitude was an unfathomable
mystery. But this made the situation no
more comfortable.

  When she came to review the position
over her bedroom fire at night, she saw
only one ground for satisfaction, which
168

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

was that she had clearly been right about
the light in the study and the conclusion
she drew from it.

  That Sir Wyverne had not gone away,
but was concealed, for some mysterious
reason, either in the house or in the neigh-
borhood, she felt positive.

  In the morning she arrived first in the
dining-room, and her theories received a
new and violent shock. On the table,
beside her place, lay a letter in the bar-
onet’s handwriting, marked “ Private,”
and with the London postmark exception-
ally legible.

  She took it to the window, and with an
eye on the door all the while, read this
unexpected communication:

                     Hotel Chic,

                                Piccadilly,

London, W.

Dear Miss Demayne:

  Here I am in London, after 3.II! An im-
portant communication from one of the most
important party bugs has changed my plans, and
if ever I needed my invaluable secretary, I need
her now! Come up by the five-twelve train
and meet me here. It’s most important. Bring
the usual note-books and pencils and things, also
your smartest evening frock. My mission is
social as well as political. Be sure you don’t
fail me!

  The bug in question insists that my worthy
mother is not to be told. I give you my
authority to order the car when you want it,
and come away quietly. I shall probably re-
quire you for two or three nights. We shall
have a strenuous time, but a politician must do
his duty.

         Yours sincerely,

Wyverne Warrington-Browne.

  She had no more than time to read he
letter and slip it into her pocket befoi’2
the dowager appeared, and a silent meal,
under a freezing eye, began.

  Walking thoughtfully in the park after
breakfast, she reread her employer’s com-
mands.

  They were very explicit, and there was
no doubt about the handwriting, but there
were disturbing features. Never before
had she known the baronet refer to his
political advisers or any one else, as
“ bugs.” Never had she known him so
lavish of points of exclamation. “ My

worthy mother ”—“ my invaluable sec-
retary ”—the underlined “ most ” and
“ sure ”—“ note-books and pencils and
things ”—all these we 2 most unusual
features in a letter from Sir Wyverne War-
rington-Browne.

  The secrecy enjoined was also remark-
able. Furthermore, there was the extraor-
dinary problem of how he had reached
London, a conundrum on which the letter
threw no light at all.

   Nevertheless, she was paid her wages by
Sir Wyverne; it was his to command and
hers merely to obey. His mother’s subse-
quent comments might very possibly be
adverse, judging by her peculiar conduct
lately, but Joyce had a high spirit, and
she considered that the old lady had en-
joyed, in the course of a long life, at least
as much deference as she deserved.

  She resolved to do her duty by her em-
ployer—even down to the detail of her
smartest frock.

CHAPTER XIII.

THE SECOND LETTER.

THE Hotel Chic is Piccadilly’s bright-
est beauty spot.

Before it arrived, a mere building
defaced the choicest site in that historic
street. A magic wand was waved by four
or five gifted brunette gentlemen, and lo!
a structure stood there instead.

  This structure was vast without and
gorgeous within. The charges were fab-
ulous, the food was dazzling and tasted
quite pleasant, and the staff consisted of
the entire reserve battalion of the 556th
Bavarian Regiment, gorgeously appareled
and rapidly becoming too plump for their
old uniforms.

  To this choice resort potentates and
notabilities of all nations and degrees of
splendor thronged perpetually. There
was no place in Europe where it was
harder for beauty, diamonds, coronets, or
even crowns, to create a new sensation,
yet the feat was achieved in five minutes
by a young man who arrived with one
TWO’S

TWO.

169

handbag and a pair of rather too bright
yellow boots.

  “ I say!” he cried in a ringing, cheerful
voice the moment he stepped into the hall.
“ I want to see the manager!”

  “ If you inquire at the office, sir—” be-
gan the charmingly polite official in plum
color and gold.

  “ I shall interview him here,” an-
nounced the youth. “ Inform him that
Mr. Fitz-Wyverne has arrived.” „

  He threw himself down in a chair, and
while awaiting the manager, returned the
gaze of the dozen or "So potentates who
happened to be in the hall, with a smiling
and confident eye. They tried to look
as though they were quite accustomed to
seeing Mr. Fitz-Wyverne, but without
any success. The sensation had obviously
begun.

  When the manager appeared—a thing
he did, as a rule, only when the more
majestic royalties arrived—the young man
addressed him from his chair with a mix-
ture of authority and humor that increased
the sensation at every word.

  “ Get me a motor-car,” he commanded.
“ The best in London. I shall probably
want it for a week. See that the chauffeur
is dark and rather stout. I wish his beauty
to be a marked contrast to my own. It
should be upholstered in green for choice.
Have it round at the door in quarter of
an hour.”

  Nothing was ever known to baffle the
manager.

  “ Very good, sir,” he replied smoothly,
and a glance toward the office set a bril-
liant satellite to work on a telephone.
The car was evidently on order.

  “ I also want two bedrooms, a sitting-
room, and a bathroom—the best you have.
The second bedroom is for a lady. Her
hair is dark and her complexion pale; see
that the flowers are appropriate.”

  “ The, flowers?” asked the manager.

  “ Order half a flower-bed-full—the best,
of course. Place a small diamond trinket
upon her dressing-table.”

  “ Have you got the trinket, sir?” in-
quired the manager.

  “No; I thought I could trust you to
supply the bare necessities of a lady’s bed-
room.”

  “ Certainly, you can trust me, sir,” said
the manager, with a slight smile at the
grotesque idea of the Hotel Chic proving
unable to deal with this elementary prob-
lem.

  “ Now,” said the distinguished guest,
rising, “ I wish to visit my suite of apart-
ments and get my boots calmed.”

  “ Calmed, sir?” inquired the manager
apologetically.

  “ Did you ever see such a violent shade
of old gold?” the young man asked, with
a condescending yet infectious smile. “ I
want them chastened by your leading
artist.”

  Mr. Fitz-Wyverne vanished in the ele-
vator, and the notabilities in the hall
breathed more freely. They felt that they
had become somebodies again.

  In quarter of an hour exactly, a green
upholstered car stood at the door, with a
stout, dark expert at the wheel, and two
minutes later the brilliant young stranger
leappeared from the elevator.

  His boots were now of the chastest
shade of brown and gleamed like jewels.
Meanwhile notabilities had mysteriously
drifted into the hall till there was a con-
siderable gathering to enjoy the spectacle
of his departure. At the glass revolving
door he turned and made them the most
gracious and smiling bow conceivable. It
was so irresistible that one crown prince,
three grand dukes, five peers, and seven
millionaires bowed simultaneously to the
courteous apparition.

  “ What a good beginning!” said Archi-
bald to himself as he whirled away in his
car.

  Sensations that morning were not con-
fined to the Hotel Chic. A world-famous
firm of tailors enjoyed another, when a
remarkably good-looking young gentle-
man walked in, and, inquiring for the
most responsible person in the establish-
ment, secured the services of this func-
tionary and gave his orders.

  “ I want an evening suit and an over-
170

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

coat by seven o’clock to-night, a tail coat
and striped trousers by ten o’clock to-
morrow morning, and a suit of tweeds by
to-morrow night.”

  “ Unfortunately, sir, this is not a ready-
made establishment,” replied the respons-
ible person, blandly but a little coldly.

  “ I suspected it ! ” smiled the handsome
stranger. “ In fact, I want these things
made by you to fit me. Now just kindly
add up the prices and tell me the total.
Don’t bother me with the separate items.”

  The responsible person procured a sheet
of paper and made a brief calculation.

  “ Fifty-four pounds, ten shillings,” he
announced, without visible emotion of any
kind.

  The young man plunged one hand into
one trousers-pocket and brought it out
full of sovereigns. He plunged the other
hand into the other trousers-pocket with
the same glittering result. He went
through all his pockets and not one dis-
appointed him. Then he arranged the
sovereigns in rows on the table. Twelve
rolls of tweed had to be removed before
they were finally marshaled. All this time
he made no remark, and in silence the
entire staff and two customers watched
the proceedings.

  “ Seventy-six pounds,” he announced at
last. “ They are yours if I have those
cothes at the times I mentioned.”

  “ I shall see what can be done, sir,”
said the responsible person blandly and
warmly.

  The same businesslike methods pro-
duced several other sensations in the same
select shopping region, and Archibald’s
luncheon of real turtle soup, grapes, and
liqueur brandy (at fifteen shillings a glass)
consumed in an easy chair which he had
specially brought into the dining-room,
was also a decided success, especially when
he was seen to drop a couple of sovereigns
into the finger-bowl before leaving the
table.

  “ No one has been disappointed in me
yet,” said Archibald to himself with ex-
cusable satisfaction.

  And for the next twenty-four hours

no one who watched or assisted the career
of Archibald was for one moment dis-
appointed.

  Soon after six o’clock on the second
afternoon of his triumphal progress, the
green upholstered car swept into Pad-
dington Station, and the unqualified suc-
cess strolled down the arrival platform
of the Sutherbury train.

  Ten minutes later he was eagerly scan-
ning each first-class carriage as they slid
more and more slowly past him. But it
was not from one of these that a very
smart and charming-looking young lady
descended.

  “ Good Heavens!” he cried, with deep
contrition. “ Do you mean to say you
actually came third-class! I’m awfully
sorry I didn’t tell you—”

  Miss Demayne’s astonished eyes pulled
him up “ just on the dashed brink,” as
he said to himself.

  “ You? ” she cried, and there seemed
to be more disquiet than pleasure in her
voice.

  Archibald recalled the somewhat pe-
culiar circumstances of his origin, and
began again more cautiously.

  “ I ought to explain that my cousin has
suddenly been called down to the country
and has asked me to look after you while
he is away. By the way, I’ve got a note
to you from him.”

  She took the note and read:

Dear Miss Demayne:

  Exceedingly sorry these sportsmen at the
Whip's office are sending me down to York.
Shall be back as soon as I possibly can. Mean-
while, I leave you in Archie’s hands. He is one
of the steadiest, and you can safely trust him to
do the honors of the Hotel Chic in my unavoid-
able absence.

   Hoping you will have a cheery little holiday
till I return.

        Yours sincerely,

Wyverne Warrincton-Browne.

  It was undoubtedly a kind note—in
fact, it might even be called a thoughtful
note, yet it left the same sensation of
discomfort in Joyce’s heart.

  Sir Wyverne’s novel method of begin-
TWO’S TWO.	171

rung his sentences without verb or pro-
roun; the allusion to the “ sportsmen
the devil-may-care atmosphere of the whole
letter, distressed her. She began to hope
very anxiously that no mental trouble was
affecting the baronet.

  On the other hand, its commands were
quite explicit, and there was nothing
actually unnatural in the circumstances it
disclosed.

  “ Very well,” she agreed. “ Have you
secured a cab?”

  “ Cab!” cried Archie. “Just wait till
you see it!”

  She saw the green upholstered car and
the stout, dark chauffeur, and she was
evidently impressed.

  “Oh, you’ve brought your own car!”
she said.

   “ Wyverne and I are splitting it,” said
Archie airily as he handed her in.

  He saw at once that he had made a
mistake in disclaiming the sole ownership,
and resolved that he would give the baro-
net no more credit than he could help for
anything else.

  As a matter of fact, Joyce was won-
dering rather seriously why a man with
three cars of his own should slip up to
London with a suit-case and there split
a new car with this light-hearted youth.
It seemed superfluous.

  She was very silent as they purred
back to the hotel, but Archibald found
himself enjoying the view of her profile
so much that he was quite content to
feast his eyes in comparative silence.
That is to say, he stopped talking at least
three or four times for nearly a minute
on end.

  The arrival of the lady whose volup-
tuous tastes demanded a bedroom full of
flowers to match her complexion, and
diamond trinkets on her dressing-table,
naturally caused extreme interest at the
Hotel Chic, and the wink with which
Archibald found himself instinctively re-
plying to the looks of curiosity, greatly
enhanced the effect of her entry.

  In fact, had the gay youth but known
it, the manager was seriously wondering

whether even the reputation of the Hotel
Chic could stand the shock. Fortunate-
ly, before he could quite make up his
mind, the handsome couple were safely
in the elevator.

 “What beautiful flowers!” cried
 Joyce. “ Do they put them in every room
 here?”

 “ I shall see that they put them in
 any room which has the luck to have t.
 you in it!” said Archibald.

 As a plum-colored attendant was at
 that moment engaged in unstrapping her
 trunk within a few feet of them, Joyce
 bit her lip and made no answer. Archi-
 bald thought that the act of biting her lip
 was positively divine—as Joyce did it.

 “ Whose is this?” she exclaimed as she
 approached the dressing-table.

 “ Yours,” said Archibald, preparing to
 fasten the trinket to her dress.

 She started back and glanced at the
 attendant.

 “ The lady wishes you to leave the
 room,” commanded Archibald with a
 princely gesture.

 “Not till you have finished, please!”
 said Joyce hastily.

 But Archibald winked again, and the
 man discreetly took the hint.

 “ Who is this from?” she demanded.

 “ Me,” said Archibald proudly.

 “ Please take it back.”

 Even the irrepressible Archibald was
 chilled.

 “ You mean you don’t want it?”

 “ No, thank you.”

 Archibald stepped to the window,
 opened it, and sent the trinket flying into
 space.

 “ That’s the end of it,” said he with
 a little break in his voice. “ It won’t
 trouble you any more, Joyce.”

 “ But—but weren’t they diamonds?”
 she cried aghast.

 “ Only small ones.”

 Joyce looked at him with very mixed
 emotions in her eyes.

 “You foolish boy!” she cried. “Run
 down and recover it at once before any
 one else picks it up!”
172

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  The kindness in her voice converted
him on the instant into the smiling Arch-
ibald again.

  “ Then will you be getting ready to
come out to dinner?”

  “ I suppose I must dine somewhere,”
she smiled, “ and apparently Sir Wyverne
wants me to dine with you.”

  “ Confound Wyverne!” said Archibald
to himself as he went to his room. “ Why
need she lug him in?”

CHAPTER XIV.

A LITTLE DINNER.

     No longer Charles afraid is
     When he meets the naughty ladies!

THE band was playing that deserved-
ly popular melody, the champagne
was bubbling in Archibald’s glass
and in her glass, and the candle-shades
were pink. In fact, Archibald and Joyce
were seeing life as life ought to be seen
when life is life, so he assured her, and
Joyce sipped her champagne and smiled.

  At first she was a little quiet, Archibald
thought; but, no doubt, it was only the
traces of Girton before they evaporated
under his genial influence—which they
now seemed to be doing. Her host’s
habit of singjng audibly snatches of all
the airs he knew, and then calling the
waiter at the end of the piece and sending
him to the bandmaster with his cogratu-
lations and half a sovereign, attracted
universal attention to their table; and to
begin with this seemed to beget reserve
rather than satisfaction. However, like
the traces of Girton, it was now happily
succumbing to the Archie-cure.

  The effect upon Archibald of her dark
eyes with a smile in them, looking into
his, and her voice with a laugh in it, an-
swering kindly, was so intoxicating that
even the band was forgotten; and in the
midst of one of his favorite tunes he
lowered his voice and murmured ex-
altedly:

  “ Joyce! You know I love you. Do
you love me?”

  She neither blushed nor started, but
simply continued to smile.

  “ Won’t it do if I reverence you?” she
asked.

  “ But, Joyce, I am serious.”

  She shook her head.

  “ No, Archie,” she said, “ you are very
hospitable and nice and kind, but you
are certainly not serious.”

  “ I’m not serious in the bad sense,”
admitted Archibald. “ But in the high-
est and best sense I am very serious.”

  “ Wait till the band stops,” she sug-
gested, “ and it will pass off quite nat-
urally.”

  “ You don’t know what’s really in me! ”
he protested.

  “ Oh, yes, I do. I have seen you drink
three glasses of it, and I am making every
allowance.”

  “ If you don’t approve of me,” persisted
Archibald with scornful emphasis on the
contemptible word, “ why do you call me
Archie?”

  “ I quite approve of you occasionally,
and I call you Archie in honor of your
birthday.”

  “ My birthday!” exclaimed Archibald.
“ You are just fifteen, aren’t you?”
Archibald was the soul of good nature,
but he began to feel annoyed.

  “ Joyce,” he said with some severity,
“ I really thought better of you. I never
dreamed you were one of those girls who
admire solid, leaden, clammy, indigestible,
boresome virtues.”

“ Would you admire this duckling,” she
inquired, “ if it only consisted of gravy?”
“ Then I am a mere splash of gravy!”
“ Splash is a very appropriate word,
Archie—not too serious and just exactly
what you do.”

  Archibald tried a very tender line.

  “ Joyce dear,” he said in a low voice,
“I am quite serious enough to think of
marrying. Don’t you believe that?”

  “ Oh, yes,” she answered, “ and when
you are grown up I expect some girl will
marry you very quickly and easily—
probably even before you mean to pro-
pose.”
TWO’S

TWO.

173

  “ You think I could be easily caught,
do you!”

  “ If I wanted to marry you,” said
Joyce confidently, “ I should simply order
the cake, send out the invitations, and
then give you three glasses of cham-
pagne.”

  Archibald looked at her very hard, and
a question began to form in his eyes.

  “ Well, what is it?” she laughed. “ Are
you wondering whether I’ve ordered the
cake?”

  “ I was wondering,” he said, “ whether
you really don’t consider me a great im-
provement on Wyverne.”

  Joyce stopped laughing abruptly, and
she in turn looked hard at him—though
only for an instant.

  “ An improvement on Sir Wyverne!
What an extraordinary question!”

  “ Tell me honestly.”

  She began to smile again.

  “ If I thought you were serious—■” she
began.

  “I am!” Archibald assured her.

  She shook her head.

  “ You can’t be, Archie, so there’s no use
trying. You will find it a great strain
and be very dull while it lasts, and only
feel disappointed when it’s over.”

  “ Dash it,” Archie exploded. “ I feel
jolly well inclined to tell you the whole
truth about me. I can tell you I would
open your eyes! Only I’m afraid you
wouldn’t believe me.”

  “Probably not!” she agreed.

  “ About me and Wyverne!” he added,
nodding his fair head at her.

  She seemed more interested.

  “ Well?” she asked.

  “ Look here,” said Archie, “ this is per-
fectly sickening! Whenever I mention
Wyverne you turn serious, and you
simply laugh at me!”

  “ Archie,” said Joyce kindly, “ you
really mustn’t mistake your vocation.
You are intended to cheer people up and
amuse them and make them forget the
serious side of life altogether. If you
are quite sure that you can stand another
glass of champagne, I don’t mind your

having one. Or you might have some
chocolates instead. It is impossible to
feel depressed while one is eating choco-
lates.”

  Archibald was silent for a moment.
Then he proposed lustily: “ All right;
we’ll make a night of it!”

  They did.

  When dinner was over they went to a
box at the Empire for an hour, and then
to a box at the Palace for an hour, and
they wound up with an extremely pleas-
ant supper.

  “ And now,” said Archibald when they
arrived at last at their private sitting-
room, “ let’s put out the lights and tell
stories over the fire.”

  “ That’s a very happy idea, Archie,”
Joyce admitted, “ but unfortunately I’m
not nearly robust enough to make any
more of a night of it than we’ve done.
Good night!”

  He protested, but in vain. The vision
vanished and Archibald was left discon-
solate.

  “ Dash it!” he said to himself. “ That
isn’t going to be the last word! I’m not
going to be cut out by a rotten edition of
my own self. If she cares twopence for
Wyverne, she ought to care a fiver for
me! I’ll make her, too!”

  The discovery that she had left her
opera cloak behind gave him a moment
of reminiscent ecstasy. Then he brought
out a very handsome despatch-case—one
of his recent purchases—and with a de-
liberate smile unlocked it.

CHAPTER XV.

THE THIRD LETTER.

THE delicious habit of sitting in
front of a bedroom fire gradually
making up one’s mind it is time to
begin undressing, is one of the greatest
luxuries of a thoroughly civilized life.
The training of Joyce’s somewhat aus-
tere youth decidedly discouraged the cus-
tom, but Sutherbury Park had been de-
moralizing, and the Hotel Chic was fatal.
174

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  She sat in a puzzled, smiling mood for
quite a long time, and it was when she
roused herself that she first missed her
opera cloak.

  The hour was very late, and she pre-
sumed Archibald would have gone to
bed, since he seemed the last person to
muse in silence and his own society, so
she went quietly back to the sitting-
room and very gently opened the door.

  And then she stood on the threshold
spellbound.

  The lights were still on, and there,
with his back to her, sat Archibald writ-
ing. Beside him on the table w7as a lit-
tle canvas bag, exactly like the fat little
bags which clinked when Sir Wyverne
set them down; only this bag was col-
lapsed and evidently nearly empty.

  Archibald apparently meant to re-
plenish it, for he was just finishing the
writing of a check. Even as her eyes
fell on him, he raised the book to tear
out the check and she saw the handwrit-
ing quite distinctly.

  With a horrified face she came into
the room and closed the door behind her.
Archibald turned with a start, and for a
moment they looked at one another. To
her bewilderment there was no sign of
guilt on his face; but merely a quick
look of surprise and then a gay smile of
welcome.

  “ Hullo! ” he cried cheerfully.

  “ Let me see that check! ” she de-
manded.

  “ This check?” he asked in surprise,
and then his face suddenly changed, as
though at last he realized what he had
been caught at.

  “Forging a check!” she cried. “Oh,
Archie!”

  It was a check for a hundred pounds
on Sir Wyverne’s account, made payable
to Archibald Fitz-Wyverne, and signed
by Wyverne Warrington-Browne; and
the ink of the signature was still wet.

  “ It does almost look like it,” he ad-
mitted.

  “ Is that all you have to say!”

  Archibald made a great mental effort.

  “ What do people say in books?”
he said, gazing thoughtfully at the ceil-
ing. “I remember! ‘Oh, my God!’
No, by the way, that’s what you ought
to say. Ah, I have it! ‘ Spare my in-
nocent babes their father’s shame!’”

  “ Did you mean to use this check?”
Joyce asked quietly.

  “ I do mean to.”

  “ Not this one,” she answered, pick-
ing it up and throwing it in the fire.
“ Now give me the check-book.”

  “ But, hang it!” protested Archibald.
“Look at this bag! It’s almost empty,
and I very soon won’t have a shilling in
the world unless I cash a check!”

  “ Give me the check-'book,” repeated
Joyce.

  “ I say, Joyce—” he began.

  She went to the bell.

  “ Very well, if you won’t give it me,
I’m very sorry, but I’ll have to tell the
manager.”

  “ Upon my word, this is deuced high-
handed,” said Archibald; “ especially
after you’ve been eating my chocolates!”
“ I am in Sir Wyverne’s employment,”
replied Joyce, “ and I find his check-
book in the possession of somebody else
who is using it to forge Sir Wyverne’s
name and draw on his account. Do you
really think I am going to leave it with
you? Come, give it to me.”

  “ But if I do I’ll be absolutely bust!
I can’t pay for these rooms or any-
thing!”

  “ That’s an idea which might have
struck you sooner. And in any case I
really can’t help it.”

  “ Joyce dear, don’t you care for me
enough to wish to see me remain in afflu-
ent circumstances?” he asked in a be-
seeching voice. “ Even the most pla-
tonic friend ought to have that feeling!”
“ Have you no sense of shame?” she
demanded impatiently.

  “ I have nothing to be ashamed of,”
Archie assured her. “ In fact it’s really
Wyverne who ought to feel ashamed. He
gave me this wretched little bag of
money, quite misunderstanding my hab-
TWO’S

TWO.

175

its, and then his better nature added the
check-book when it realized how absurd-
ly stingy he had been.”

  “ Do you mean to tell me he knows
you have this check-book?”

  “ Certainly.”

  “And allows you to use it?”

  “ Of course.”

  His face was so open and his voice so
calm and assured that for an instant she
doubted what to think. Then her eye
fell on something else lying on the table.
She took a quick step forward.

  “ This is a letter to me from Sir Wy-
verne!” she exclaimed, picking it up and
starting to read it.

  “ I say; one moment!” said Archibald.
“ That letter will only complicate the
situation. Don’t trouble to read it,
Joyce.”

  But she had already troubled. It ran:

Dear Miss Demayne:

   Have just been entrusted with a most delicate
mission to His Royal Highness the Prince of
Monaco. It is very confidential, so I need only
say now that it’s in connection with the naval
defenses of his empire. Have just looked in at
Hotel Chic, but found you had gone to bed, so
I leave everything in Archibald’s hands. To-
morrow morning he will escort you to join me
at Monte Carlo (where, as perhaps you know,
the prince lives).

   Glad to hear you had a pleasant little dinner
with A. I assure you he is one of the best.

        Yours in haste,

Wyverne Warrington-Browne.

  For a moment Joyce stared at this cu-
rious letter in extreme bewilderment.
And then the tru'th flashed upon her.

  “You forged this, too!” she cried.

  “ Don’t say ‘ forged,’ please,” pleaded
Archibald. “ It’s a horrid word. I
wrote it, if that’s what you mean.”

  More and more light began to break
on her.

  “And the other two letters—oh, I
know the whole truth about you now,
without your troubling to tell me! I
presume you wrote those also?” she de-
manded, with a scornful emphasis that
made the word even more unpleasant
than “ forged.”

  “ Look here,” said Archibald plain-

tively, “ you put me in a deuce of a hole.
If I say I did, you’ll get shirtier than
ever; and if I say I didn’t, there’s not
an outside chance of your believing me.
I’m ready to lie with any if there’s
even a sporting chance of it’s coming off,
but what’s the use when you know I
write exactly the same hand as Wyverne.
This is my notion of a tragedy, if you
ask me.”

  “ It’s my notion of a very dishonor-
able swindle,” said Joyce.

  “What beastly words you use!” com-
plained Archie. “ It almost seems as if
you were deliberately trying to annoy
me.”

  “ I am trying to make you realize
what you have done. You admit your-
self that Sir Wyverne gave you that bag
full of money; and I know he did, be-
cause I saw it in his hand. And in re-
turn for his kindness—oh, can’t you
really see what a mean, contemptible—”

  “Don’t!” interrupted Archibald.
“ You’ll make me cry if your voice be-
gins to quiver like that. And you said
yourself that seriousness doesn’t suit me.
I assure you, on my word of honor,
Joyce, that when you next see Wyverne
and ask him, he will tell you that I had
full permission to write those notes and
take these rooms, and make any use of
his check-book I liked.”

  “ And imitate his handwriting?” she
challenged.

  “I can’t help that! It’s our family
hand. It takes me all my time to fake
another signature. I assure you it was
quite a problem how I was going to make
my endorsement look natural. In fact,
if I keep out of the hands of the police,
even without your giving me away, I’ll
deserve a jolly lot more credit than you
seem to realize. Let me tell you that,
Joyce!”

  “ If Sir Wyverne ever attempts to jus-
tify your conduct,” said Joyce with deep
conviction, “ I shall think a very, very
great deal less of him than I’ve thought
before.”

  “Now, there you are!” cried Archi-
176

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

bald gloomily. “ You are going to put
Wyverne in a hole next.

  “ Oh, woman! In our hours of dinner

   You positively seem a winner;

  But when—”

  .This well-known and happily selected
quotation was interrupted remorselessly.

  “ Give me that check-book!” she de-
manded.

  “ But look here—”

  At that point she took it out of his
hand and turned for the door.

  “Joyce!” he cried in tender accents,
springing up and following her.

  The door opened and then was shut
in his face.

  “Lost my best girl!” said Archibald
bitterly. “ And financial ruin stares me
in the face! And all because of the
ridiculous value people set on quite the
wrong qualities.”

  He examined the collapsed canvas bag.

  “After all, one can do a lot of busting
on tick,” he reflected more cheerfully.
“And what is one blooming girl that one
should feel gloomy about losing her?
Besides, I’ve no doubt she’ll take a more
humorous view of things in the morning.
Joyce is a ripper!”

  But in the morning Joyce had gone—
by an early train, the disconsolate Mr.
Fitz-Wyverne was informed.

CHAPTER XVI.

bl'ackmail.

“T MUST cure myself of even thinking
about her,” said Archibald to him-
self. “ Unrequited love is a mug’s
game.”

  Inspired by this excellent sentiment,
he took immediate steps to retrieve his
financial position, very justly considering
that to be the foundation of a young
man’s career. He emptied the remaining
sovereigns into his trousers-pocket.

  “ Now that leaves the bag ready for
a fresh start,” he concluded eagerly.
“ Which is what most good sportsmen
have to do now and then.”

  With the empty bag in his new over-
coat-pocket he set forth in his green-
upholstered car and visited in turn four
of the shops where he stood highest in
favor. At each of these he changed five
shillings into coppers, till the bag was
considerably stouter than it had been
when it began its career. It contained,
in fact, two hundred and forty pennies.

  On his return to the Hotel Chic he
carried it unostentatiously up to his
room and there inscribed very neatly
and legibly on the canvas—“ £500.”

  “Allowing for the difference in size
between a brown and-a thick ’un, that
ought to work out about right,” he said
to himself complacently.

  He then very carefully and thoroughly
tied and sealed the mouth of the bag, and
finally descended in the lift, displaying it
much more ostentatiously this time.

  “ I want to see the manager,” he an-
nounced at the office with an important
air.

  The clerk eyed the bag, noted the leg-
end—which happened to be so held that
he could read it very easily—and defer-
entially conducted Mr. Fitz-Wyveme to
the manager’s room.

  “ I say, baron, old bird,” began Archi-
bald genially, “ I want you to do me a
favor.”

  He had become extremely intimate with
the manager by this time, styling him
“ baron ” because, as he explained, he
looked like one. The manager with equal
cordiality expressed his pleasure in hav-
ing the opportunity of doing Mr. Fitz-
Wyverne a service.

  “ I want you to take charge of this for
me,” said Archibald, sliding the canvas
bag onto the table very carefully. “ The
fact being, baron, I’m one of those fel-
lows who can’t be bothered with keeping
accounts, so I pay ready money always;
and if I happen to see a picture or a mo-
tor car or a diamond tiara, or anything
else, and take a fancy to it, I must have
the dibs bandy. I’ll probably want to
blow this little lot in the next day or two,
but till I do I wish you’d keep it for me.”
TWO’S TWO.

177

  To so reasonable a request made with
so princely an air, there was, of course,
only one answer. The manager took the
bag and gave a receipt which Archibald
was a little disappointed to observe only
acknowledged the deposit of a sealed
canvas bag “ marked on the outside
‘ *5oo.’ ”

  “ I’d have had him beautifully if he’d
only committed himself to saying the bag
actually did hold five hundred pounds,”
he reflected. “ However, I’ve undoubted-
ly inspired the proper confidence. Now
for a crowded hour of glorious life! What
a jolly thing it is to feel financially sound
again.”

  Had he seen the manager gently but
firmly pinching the bag all over, arid ob-
served his extremely thoughtful look at
the end of this process, Archibald would
probably have felt that he might have
inspired even more confidence if he had
invested in four hundred and eighty half-
pennies.

  It did occur to him to look for the
diamond trinket as an extra financial pre-
caution, but the trouble of discovering in
what direction Joyce’s bedroom window
looked, and after that making even fur-
ther inquiries, struck him as excessive,
especially for a man with a receipt in his
pocket for a bag marked “ £500.”

  Besides, he had the kindest heart im-
aginable, and the idea of disappointing
the fortunate finder by a churlish claim
was really not to be thought of. So he
lunched very pleasantly for the modest
sum of two pounds and decided on a
stroll in Piccadilly.

  It was then that for the first time he
realized certain disadvantages in his po-
sition. For a young man of his social
instincts, pleasant companionship was
quite essential. A solitary sportsman
struck him as a mere contradiction in
terms. Accordingly, when he observed
two fashionably dressed gentlemen ap-
proaching him, and recognized them at
once as friends of Sir Wyverne’s youth,
he stopped instinctively and gave them
the cheeriest hail.

  “Hello, hello, old nutlets!” he cried.
“ Whither away?’'

  To describe the gentlemen (a political
peer and a lieutenant-colonel in the bri-
gade of guards) as surprised would do
considerably less than justice to their
emotions.

  “ I am afraid, sir, you have the ad-
vantage over us,” said the peer politely
but not warmly.

  “ By gad, so I have!” said Archibald,
beginning to realize the situation. “ Well,
the fact is I’m a cousin of Sir Wyverne
Warrington - Browne, and I’ve heard all
about you both so often I thought I’d
just pass the time of day, and so forth
and so on.”

  “ As you have now passed it, sir,” re-
plied the lieutenant-colonel severely, “ I
should recommend you to move on be-
fore you get into trouble.”

  “ And if I hear of you accosting any
more of Sir Wyverne’s or anybody else’s
friends, I shall inform the proper author-
ities,” added the peer.

  “I was merely going to show you the
way,” replied Archibald quite calmly.

  The peer’Ppolitical habits made him
incautiously inquire:

  “ The way where, sir, may 1 ask?”

  “ To the Zoological Gardens,” advised
Archibald, “ where you will find your
cages awaiting you. Good morning.”
“Scored off them badly!” he said to
himself as he strolled on. “ At the same
time, this kind of thing is rather a jar.
I must choose my next bird a little more
carefully.”

  He had just reached the corner of
Hamilton Place when he exclaimed aloud:
“ Got him!”

  A gentleman who was waiting on the
curb for the string of buses to pass
turned round at the exclamation. He
was a broad-backed, sleek-haired, im-
maculately attired man, with a heavy,
blue chin and a curiously furtive look in
his eye as it fell on the stranger who had
spoken his thoughts aloud.

  “ Mr. Muldevon, I believe?” queried
Archibald, bowing politely.

12 A-S
178

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Mr. Muldevon nodded curtly, still with
that watchful, shifty look in his eyes.

  “ Allow me to introduce myself as Ar-
chibald Fitz-Wyverne — a cousin of Sir
Wyverne Warrington-Browne.”

  At the mention of this name, Mr. Mul-
devon turned a shade less florid. His
voice, too, seemed a little unsteady as he
asked:

  “ And what do you want with me?”

  “ A private word. Shall we cross the
street?”

  For an instant Mr. Muldevon hesi-
tated, but Archibald had begun to lead
the way across Piccadilly with such in-
stant decision that he followed automat-
ically at his shoulder. Without pausing,
Archie passed through the small gate into
Green Park, and there, under the shade
of the trees, he turned and looked
straight into the wary eyes.

  “ You once acted as stock-broker for
Sir Wyverne, I believe?” he began with
the gravest air at his command.

  “ And supposing I did?” questioned
Mr. Muldevon.

  “ My cousin was devilish good-natured
over that affair.”

  “ What affair?” demanded Mr. Mulde-
von, whose blue-chinned face had become
a mask.

  “ That two thousand pounds, old
chap.”

  Mr. Muldevon’s face became very in-
telligent, but none the less sinister.

  “ Sir Wyverne gave me his word he
would tell nobody! We were old friends;
he made allowances.”

  “ He has told me,” persisted Archibald.
“ And it would be deuced unpleasant if .1
passed it on, wouldn’t it?”

  For a moment Mr. Muldevon looked
at him in silence. Then, with an un-
pleasant air of accepting the inevitable,
he said briefly:

  “ Name your price. What do you
want?”

  “To dance!” cried Archie, with spark-
ling eyes.

  “ To make me dance, I presume you
mean?” said Mr. Muldevon grimly.

   “ Well, you can dance, too, if you like;
but look here, old bird, the position is
this.

  “I’m rather at a loose end—most of
my friends out of town, and so forth and
so on—and I’m simply busting with
beans. I didn’t know exactly what I was
going to get out of you when I tackled
you—whether to make you dine with me
or take you out to play golf somewhere,
or what. And then I had one of the
inspirations of my life. A dance—that
was the thing? Can you manage it all
right?”

  His most intimate friends had prob-
ably never seen exactly the same expres-
sion on Mr. Muldevon’s face before.

  “ And after that?” he demanded.

   “ I don’t quite follow.”

  “ What else do you want?”

  “Well,” mused Archibald, “if I still
find myself at a loose end I might get a
day’s golf out of you. I’ve got a rip-
ping car; I’d take you anywhere you like
to go. But the dance is the thing at
present.”

  “ You are talking seriously? Remem-
ber this shock to my nerves is no joke
for me,” declared Mr. Muldevon, with a
marked relaxation of the strain apparent
in his voice.

  “ Poor old chap! I’m really awful
sorry,” murmured Archibald with the
most charming contrition. “ It was
deuced ungentlemanly of me, but if you
only knew how dull I felt strolling along
Piccadilly by my lonely self, you’d make
allowances. Of course, I’m talking se-
riously. Now, what about this dance?”

  So open and engaging was Archibald’s
face, and so sympathetic his voice, that
the wary look vanished entirely from Mr.
Muldevon’s eyes, and, instead of the curt
and sinister person of two minutes before,
he suddenly revealed himself as an almost
excessively rollicking blade.

  “Spoken like a sportsman!” he cried.
“ Make allowances? Of course I will!
Damn it, old man, the pleasure of making
your acquaintance was well worth the
shock to my nervous system! As for a
TWO’S TWO.	179

dance, by gad! I’m taking my two girls
out to a hop on Friday night—that’s the
day after to-morrow. How’ll it suit you
to come and join our party?”

  “ I was sure you were the man I want-
ed!” Archibald exploded rapturously.
“ I’ve got a kind of instinct for knowing
a good man when I see him!”

  Mr. Muldevon assured him he had pre-
cisely the same instinct, and had known
Archie instantly as one of the best, and
they parted on almost affectionate terms.

  “ I wonder whether it’s more luck or
good guidance?” thought Archibald as he
walked happily back again. “ Anyhow,
I’m undoubtedly a great success.”

  As for Mr. Muldevon, his rollicking
mood passed as swiftly as it had appeared,
and he fell exceedingly thoughtful.

  “ Well, we’ll see,” he said to himself
finally.

CHAPTER XVII.

AN OLD FRIEND.

MUSING happily on his exceptional
luck, Archibald forgot to turn
back into Piccadilly, and present-
ly discovered himself still in the Green
Park, shut off by the railings from the
traffic and life of the street.

  There was not far to go before he
came to another gate, but even this brief
divorce from the enticing world beyond
the bars struck him as an admirable in-
stance of the melancholy way in which
some fellows wasted their time. The
habits of the late Sir Wyverne were a par-
ticularly sad example.

  “ To think of the fellow — practically
me—mugging up scientific books and po-
litical pamphlets alone in his study!” he
said to himself. “ What a handicap Sam-
uel was!”

  Just before he arrived at the gate he
perceived another sad instance—a man
still on the right side of middle-age who
seemed to prefer sitting alone on a bench
to strolling gaily through the crowd.

As Archibald’s compassionate eye sur-

veyed this figure, it noted, however, cer-
tain extenuating circumstances. The soli-
tary’s overcoat was sadly frayed at the
cuff; one boot showed a loose flap where
the upper ought to have joined the sole;
his felt hat was of at least three shades
of green; in short, he was not quite suit-
ably dressed for a promenade in Picca-
dilly. Still, sitting alone in the Green
Park required a lot of explanation.

  Suddenly the solitary’s face seemed
familiar. “It’s poor old Jack Swinby!”
To pass an old acquaintance simply
never occurred to Archibald. He would
have hailed him at once, only his two re-
cent adventures made him cautious.

  “ Fellows’ nerves don’t seem as strong
as they used to be,” he reflected.

  So he seated himself on the bench be-
side the shabby solitary and began in a
breezy, conversational way, calculated to
calm the most sensitive nerves:

  “ Jolly day, isn’t it? I say don’t you
find it a bit quiet here? Some fellows like
it, I suppose, but it always seems to me
rather a pity to waste one’s fragrance on
the desert air, et cetera

  The solitary looked at him dully. He
had pleasant, blue eyes a little bloodshot;
his chin was covered with a stubble of
fair bristles; his air was apathetic; when
he spoke his voice was monotonous but
unmistakably that of a gentleman.

  “ I don’t know that I’d call myself
very fragrant,” he suggested.

  “ That will come all right,” said Archi-
bald encouragingly. “ Give yourself a
chance—that’s all that’s wanted.”

  “ A chance!” exclaimed the other, with
a note in his voice which touched Archi-
bald exceedingly.

  “ You don’t remember me, I suppose,”
he queried. “ But I know you quite well.
You’re Jack Swinby.”

  The solitary was roused this time. He
sat up sharply and there was suspicion
in his eyes now.

  “ Who are you?” he demanded.

  “ A fellow you’ve met often — when
you used to go to Warrington-Browne’s
rooms.”
180

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ That’s an obvious lie,” declared
Swinby bluntly. “ It’s twelve years at
least since I last saw Warrington-
Browne. You must have been an infant
then.”

  “ Oh, Lord!” said Archibald. “ These
complications are really the deuce! Well,
anyhow, my name’s Archie Fitz-Wy-
verne, and you’re going to dine with me
to-night, and that’s the fact of the mat-
ter, old bird.”

  “ To dine with you to-night!” repeated
Swinby with a laugh that was more mel-
ancholy than his apathy had been. “ I
don’t know how you got hold of my
name, but have you the least idea of my
distinguished career?”

  “Rather!” said Archie. “You were
ir the 35 th Hussars, then you chucked
the service and weren’t very lucky and so
on and so forth, and now I suppose—not
to beat about the bush—you’ve landed
on your uppers; as many another good
sportsman has done.”

  “ Good sportsman! ” repeated Swinby
sardonically. “ It was the blank army
who chucked me, and the blank police
have made my acquaintance since, and
you’d better keep your invitations for
people who can accept them.”

  He turned away as he spoke, and then
turned back and threw another curious
glance on Archibald.

  “ Who the devil are you?” he asked.

  “ That’s neither here nor there,” said
Archie, jumping up. “ You just wait
here and I’ll be back in half an hour.”

  “ You’ll probably still find me here if
you call again at two in the morning,”
said Swinby with his uncomfortable
laugh.

  “ Good Lord! Haven’t you any rooms,
Jack?”

  “Jack!” echoed Swinby with a gust
of laughter. “ I have a room, Archie,
my old pal, in a highly fashionable part
of the town, but it has a landlord and
he has been making some uncivil inquiries
about rent for the last month or two. My
room isn’t very healthy at present in
consequence.”

  “ Pay him a couple of quid on ac-
count,” suggested Archibald, holding out
his hand. “ It’s a loan, old bird; take
’em.”

  “ A loan?” said Swinby, taking the
sovereigns with a hasty movement that
almost suggested he was afraid they
would suddenly vanish. “ And when do
you expect me to pay you back, friend
of my youth?”

  “ Oh, I never let people pay me back
under a year—that’s to say a year per
pound—;two years in your case. It’s the
interest I think of. Well, I’ll be back
presently. Be good!”

  The fashionable apparition sped up
the path to the gate and vanished in the
crowd of Piccadilly, leaving an extremely
perplexed waif on the bench.

  In about half an hour the brilliant
youth returned, this time carrying a
small suit-case.

  “ Excuse my taking a liberty, Jack,”
said he, “ hut the fact is, there’s a fellow
I’m going to introduce you to who’s one
of the best, but a bit of a snob, and I
thought I’d better fit you up first with a
few et ceteras.”

  As he spoke he opened his bag and
took out of it a hat, an overcoat and a
pair of boots.

  “ I had to have a shot at the sizes,” he
explained, “ but they’ll probably see you
through the next hour or so. Stick your
old things into the bag.”

  Mr. Swinby stared at him hard.

  “ You don’t look exactly the Salvation
Army type,” he said, “ but I’m damned
if I can make out what you’re driving
at otherwise.”

  He began to take off his boots while
Archibald lit a cigarette and seated him-
self beside him.

  “ What strikes me is,” said he, “ that
people are extraordinarily easy surprised
For the last three days I’ve been noticing
it. Of course, I naturally want to pro-
duce a good impression; it costs no more
—or at least only a fiver here and there,
and it’s a deuced sound form of phil-
anthropy I always think. At the same
TWO’S TWO.	181

time, I really don’t see any good and
sufficient reason for the wild flutter that
seems to agitate the spectators whenever
I appear. If I wasn’t of a hopeful dis-
position I’d begin to fear that good men
were getting scarce.”

  Mr. Swinby’s stare became more com-
prehending.

  “ Cracked!” he said to himself. “ But
it’s not for me to complain.”

  In a new hat, overcoat, and pair of
boots, and with a gleam of hope once
more in his blue eyes, he looked a very
different gentleman from the waif of ten
minutes ago.

  “ Now,” cried Archibald. “ Come on!
My car’s waiting for us.”

  He led the way into Piccadilly, his old
friend following with the gleam in his
eye still brighter. When he found him-
self in the green-upholstered car and they
started eastwards there appeared on his
face for the first time the dawn of a smile.

  “ If I might venture to make a sug-
gestion,” said he, “ this person you are
going to be so kind as to introduce me
to—”

  “My tailor!” confided Archibald.

  He perceived that he had caused an-
other flutter of surprise.

  “Your tailor!” gasped Swinby.

  “ My dear old bird, absolutely the first
thing you need is a suit of evening
clothes! That goes without saying.”

  He was distressed to notice how lugu-
brious his old friend’s face became.

  “ Evening clothes!” said he, and made
a melancholy attempt at a laugh. “ I
had been thinking of a bit of supper.”

  “ Supper!” exclaimed Archibald. “ My
dear Jack, it isn’t lunch time yet!”

  “ I was beginning with the last meal
I didn’t eat,” explained Swinby.
Archibald looked thoughtful.

  “ This is a bit of a dilemma,” said he.
“ Even if we get you measured at once,
it’s making my tailor work pretty hard
to have your evening clothes ready for a
dance to-morrow night.”

  “ A dance? ” said Swinby, in a low,
and it seemed an awed, voice.

  “ However,” continued Archie cheerily,
“ it’s clearly a case where an extra fiver
is well spent. We’ll have a hasty snack
at the Chic and see what the tailor chap
will do if I tell him to name his own fig-
ure. Hi, Jehu! Back to the Chic!”

  The stout, dark expert (who answered
very amicably to ‘ Jehu ’ for much the
same consideration as inspired the
tailors) touched his peaked cap, and Mr.
Swinby’s face began to clear again. He
only ventured one more word of protest.

  “ About to-morrow night,” he began.
“ The fact is, I’ve been a little out of
the way of going to dances—”

  “ You’ll get into your stride again in
two minutes, old bird! Hullo, here we
are! Hop out! By the way, fizz is still
your drink, I suppose?”

 Mr. Swinby hopped out and ap-
proached the revolving glass door.of the
Hotel Chic with the air of a somnam-
bulist.

CHAPTER XVIII.

CAPTAIN SWINBY.

“^-mAPTAIN SWINBY is going to
have my other bedroom,” Archi-
bald announced at the office. “ He’s
just back from the Antarctic, and so he’s
a bit short of luggage and so on, but one
of the most distinguished.”

  “ That makes it all right,” he ex-
plained to his old friend. “ Captains are
always popular, and no one expects to
see nuts landing from the Antarctic. Now
for a few oysters and a bottle of fizz.”

  “ Lend me a clean collar,” whispered
the newly commissioned captain. “ I’ll
have to lunch in my overcoat in any case,
but they probably draw the line here at
overcoats with their collars turned up.”
They went up to Archibald’s suite, and
there, the celerity with which his guest
changed his collar and declared himself
ready for luncheon, met with his cordial
approval.

  “ The sooner we get to the tailor’s the
better,” he contended.
182	ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ Yes,” agreed his guest, “— and to
lunch.”

  A five course luncheon with two help-
ings of everything and the better part of
a bottle of champagne produced the most
gratifying transformation in Captain
Swinby of Antarctic fame.

  “ You’re a blank mystery, old chap,”
he chuckled, “ but the kind of mystery
I like!”

  “ If you like other people they always
like you,” explained Archibald.

  The Antarctic adventurer looked at
him curiously.

  “ That’s your opinion, is it?”

  “ My plain and unvarnished.”

  “ If you keep it for the next five years
you’ll be a phenomenon!”

  “ I’m a phenomenon already,” said
Archibald.

  Thanks to Captain Swinby’s Antarctic-
record (as narrated by Archibald to his
tailors, the staff of the Chic, and any
others he thought would be benefited by
the information) certain peculiarities in
his appearance were readily overlooked,
and, by the time their afternoon’s shop-
ping was finished and he was shaved and
arrayed in a suit of ready-made tweeds,
his old friend began to detect a rem-
iniscence of the once dashing hussar.

  “ I say,” he declared, as they faced
each other over a table in the gayest grill-
room in London, “ you’re a new man
again! And now there’s nothing to pre-
vent your remaining so, is there, Jack?”
“ Well,” admitted the captain, “ I’ve
had one or two weaknesses to contend
with hitherto, I don’t mind confessing.”
“ You’ve probably grown out of them,”
ventured Archie with great assurance.
“ In fact, in my experience that’s the
worst of weaknesses. They tend to fade
away.”

  “ Perhaps I’ll find that has happened
to mine,” said the captain optimistically.

  “ Sure to, old bird. Regrets for lost
bad habits is all you’re likely to suffer
from now.”

  “ You're the most encouraging fellow
I’ve ever met!” declared Captain Swinby.

“ I’ve given up trying to puzzle my brains
as to who you are, but that’s what you
are! ”

  “ I’m awful pleased to be appreciated,
Jack,” said Archibald warmly. “ Speak-
ing of my unanimous and unqualified
success, I quite forgot to mention that
I’ve just lost my best girl, and it’s really
most consoling to hear your kind words,
el cetera. What shall we do now — a
music hall?”

  The evening was very happily spent,
and by the time he had supped, slept,
and breakfasted in uninterrupted luxury,
the distinguished Captain Swinby began
to exhibit a degree of confidence worthy
of his record.

  “ By Jove, I do believe my luck has
actually turned!” said he. “I think I
deserve it, too, for I’ve waited for a
devilish long time.”

  “ Luck’s generally a matter of habit,”
observed Archibald. “ In fact, once it
begins the difficulty is how to stop it.
You’ll probably meet the maiden of your
dreams to-night, and her oofy old uncle
will die to-morrow, and there you’ll be,
old bird!”

  “ Then you’re really going to take me
to this dance?” asked the captain, looking
a trifle less confident.

  “ Rather! That was my very first
thought when I saw you on that bench:
How Jack would enjoy a dance!”

  “ It was the last thought in my own
head,” admitted his friend. “ Still, I dare
say my ballroom manners will come back
to me once I get there.”

  “ Once a gentleman, always a gentle-
man,” Archibald assured him. “ That’s
the one bad habit which seems incurable.”

CHAPTER XIX.

THE BALL.

ARCHIBALD’S gracious intention of
picking up Mr. Muldevon and his
daughters at their house had been
communicated to them by telegram.
Archibald believed in telegrams; they
TWO’S

TWO.

183

saved time, and time was money, he said—
and shortly after nine o’clock the green-
upholstered car arrived.

  Inside it were two such fashionable-
looking gentlemen that the Misses Mul-
devon agreed at once that their father had
selected their escorts with admirable judg-
ment. And at least one of these gentle-
men was apparently equally satisfied.

  “Lucky as usual!” exclaimed Archi-
bald enthusiastically.

  “ Who is?” inquired Miss Julia.

  “ Me,” said Archibald; “ and you can
guess why if you like.”

  Mr. Muldevon changed the conversa-
tion at this point, rather tactlessly, Archi-
bald thought. Still, he was sure he had
made a good beginning.

  As the gay party entered the ballroom,
all on the best of terms already, Mr. Mul-
devon and his elder daughter fell a little
behind the others, and the jovial stock-
broker’s expression became, for the mo-
ment, a trifle less hilarious.

  “ Julia,” he whispered, “ I wish you
could manage to find out something more
about this young fellow, Fitz-Wyverne.
Pump him a bit when you get the
chance.”

  Julia, who was both a beautiful and a
discreet daughter, nodded significantly.

  Meanwhile, fortune’s favorite had al-
ready thrown his arm round the waist of
Evangeline — a sophisticated debutante
with a remarkable eye for what she
termed toniness and nuttiness—and off
they went to a rousing waltz.

  The sensation they caused was exceed-
ingly gratifying. The vanished Sir
Wyverne’s dancing days had fallen in a
period of athletic waltzing, which was
doubtless the reason why his lucky half
whirled through the more sedately revolv-
ing crowd like a runaway gyroscope.
With his coat-tails flying and his face
radiant with joy, talking very loudly and
cheerfully all the time, he spun round the
room with prodigious velocity, while
above the strains of the band arose in-
termittently the sound of a crashing
bump and a genial cry of:

  “Sorry, old bird! My fault!”

  Evangeline thought that she had never
had so exciting an experience before, but
she afterward confided to her most in-
timate friend that it was actually
eclipsed by her subsequent experience in
a very dark and remote sitting-out place.

  In fact, up till nearly the hour of mid-
night, Archibald’s career was a succession
of sensations for society and experiences
for his partners. As for his own feelings,
they wrere blissful even beyond his expec-
tations, and as he had expected a good
deal, no better testimonial could be im-
agined.

  His only disappointment was his third
waltz with Julia, such a pretty girl and so
sympathetic up to that point. In the
course of the first two waltzes he had
grown possibly even more intimate with
her than with any of the other charming
girls, and had almost made up his mind
to become temporarily engaged, but now
she actually insisted on sitting in a corner
which, though out of ear-shot, was in full
view of the superfluous public.

  “ I want to talk sensibly this time,”
she said.

  “ My dear Julia,” protested Archibald
—he called all of his enslavers by their
Christian names—“ the only time for
talking sensibly is before breakfast on an
extra rainy morning. Otherwise, no
healthy man is ever sensible enough to
talk about it.”

  “ Girls are different, though,” declared
Julia. “ When they become friends with
a man they like to know something about
him.”

  “ Well, I’ll tell you all there is to know
about me in two minutes. If you split
the difference between forty-five years and
five days you get a kind of average for
my age. Add one and subtract the pre-
vious figure and you get tSe number of
my ideas, which simply consist of peace-
ful happiness; and as to how I made my
pile, it was really done by another fellow
who made it by getting born of the proper
parents and then wTent bust under secret
and sensational circumstances.”
184

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “Went bust!” exclaimed Julia.

  “ Yes, and I’m one of the bits. So,
what ho, for a quiet corner! The rest
of my confessions are confidential.”

  “ I must speak to dad for a moment
first,” said Julia. “ Wait for me here.”

  “ Gone to ask him whether it’s safe to
say ‘ yes,’ on the strength of those reve-
lations!” muttered Archibald to himself
sagaciously. “ This is a little too business-
like for me. I think I’ll get engaged to
some one else instead.”

  When he received his daughter’s report
of her conversation with Fitz-Wyverne,
Mr. Muldevon seemed still unsatisfied.

  “ I might have a few words myself with
Swinby,” said he. “ He seems a decent
sort of chap.”

  When the next dance began he watched
the various couples enter the ballroom,
but there was no sign of the Antarctic
explorer among them. He wandered
through the sitting-out retreats, but there
was no Captain Swinby there, either.

  Then he tried the supper-room, and
there at last he discovered the explorer
very fortunately placed for a little con-
versation. He was, in fact, sitting quite
alone in a corner of the room with a
bottle of champagne on the table before
him, apparently deep in meditation.

  “Hullo, Swinby!” cried Mr. Mulde-
von jovially. “ On your own, eh?”
Captain Swinby rose rather carefully
and deliberately, he noticed, and made
him a solemn bow. Then in a slow,
measured voice he said:

  “ Sir, the champagne is our host’s.
Help yourself.”

  And with that he sat down again some-
what suddenly.

  It occurred at once to Mr. Muldevon
that the opportunity was even more prom-
ising than he had ventured to hope. He
sat down and filled his own glass.

   “ Here’s to ourselves!” he said, raising

 it.

  “ Sir,” replied Captain Swinby, with
the same measured utterance, “ I am
drinking this bottle to my friend Archie
Fitz-Wyverne. It is the least I can do

for him—the very least, Mr.—your name
escapes me, but no matter. As I was
saying, one bottle is the very least. In
fact, one is not enough. This is the
second.”

   “ He is an old friend, I presume?” in-
quired Mr. Mulvedon with an apparent
careless air.

   “ His age,” replied the captain pro-
foundly, “ is immy—immy—immyterial.
You observe the word, sir? I chose it
very, very, very carefully.”

  “ I mean, you have known him a long
time?” explained Mr. Muldevon.

   Captain Swinby became gravely confi-
dential.

   “ My friend Archie assures me, sir, he
has known me a long time; but I ’sure
him I was un’voidably detained from
being present at his birth, which must
have happened just when he says he met
me.”

   The captain smiled pleasantly, drained
his glass very slowly, and carefully re-
filled it; and, having recovered from the
strain of the operation, smiled pleasantly
again.

   “ Then you don’t know much about his
past career, eh?”

  “ I know where he came from,” said
Captain Swinby, “ and as you seem in-
tel’gent sort of genelman, I don’t mind
telling you.”

  “ Yes?” Mr. Muldevon spoke with an
eagerness he hardly tried to dissemble.

   Captain Swinby looked at him fixedly.

   “ You seem extr’ordinar’ly in’rested in
my friend Archie,” he observed.

   “ I’ve taken a fancy to him, like your-
self, Swinby.”

   The captain held out his hand and sol-
emnly shook Mr. Mulvedon’s.

   “ In that case I hes’tate no longer.
Mind you, I don’t know ’xactly the name
of the place, but ”—he lowered his voice
impressively—“ it’s where they keep the
mad angels!”

  “The what!” exclaimed Mr. Mulde-
von.

   “ Mad angels. That’s my friend Archie
exactly—mad angel.”
.TWO’S TWO.	185

  Mr. Muldevon retired to ruminate on
this information and, to judge from his
expression, it seemed as though he were
not yet entirely relieved of anxiety.

  Left again to his meditations, Captain
Swinby gravely emptied his glass, in-
spected the bottle minutely—even holding
it upside down over the carpet—and then
rose with a sigh and took a couple of
steps toward the door, to the vast interest
of a group of waiters who stood watching
his proceedings with technical eyes.

  “ I told you so!” said one of these ex-
perts, as the gentleman turned back again
with a sorrowful air. “ ’E knows ’e can’t
do it!”

  Dropping into his chair again and
burying his face in his hands, the dis-
tinguished explorer murmured:

  “This is absolutely won’erful!”

  It was a dance or two later that Archi-
bald, glowing with triumph and moist
with his exertions, burst like a ray of glory
into the supper-room.

  “A glass of fizz from the tap!” he
cried. “ My throat’s dry as a judge with
proposing.”

  And then his eyes fell on his friend.

  “ Bring a bottle to this table! ” he com-
manded, and threw himself into a chair
opposite the explorer.

  “ What’s happened to you, Jack?” he
asked. “ I haven’t bumped into you for
the last six dances.”

  His friend looked at him steadily and
sadly.

  “ Archie, my dear, dear ol’ friend,” he
replied, “ the most won’erful and aston-
’shing pher—phernom-non has happened.
I am drunk.”

  “Good bird!” said Archibald. “It’s
a wonderful happy feeling, isn’t it?”

  The captain shook his head in a mourn-
ful way.

  “ My weakness,” he sighed, “ my dear
ol’ weakness! It hasn’t faded, Archie. It
has returned abs’lutely full of beans.”

  “ Well,” said Archibald, “ that’s a jolly
healthy sign, let me tell you.”

  “You are mos’ encouraging—mos’ en-
couraging, Archie. At the same time, I’m

a man of the worl’, and there are preju-
’ces against genelmen getting drunk. I
have disgraced you, Archie!”

  “Nonsense!” protested Archibald.
“ Nobody ’11 notice.”

  Captain Swinby shook his head still
more mournfully.

  “ The contras’, Archie, the contras’ be-
tween you so beastly sober and me so
bew—so bewtifully drunk, is too won’er-
fully striking, Archie.”

  “ That’s easily cured,” said Archie,
draining his glass and filling it again, “ I’ll
get drunk, too.”

  His old friend held out his hand with
an ecstatic smile.

  “Jus’ what I was going to sugges’!”
he exclaimed. “ You have the insting of
a sportsman and a genelman, Archie!
And that being so, I see abs’lutely no
reason why I shouldn’t get a liT bit
drunker.”

  Throwing himself into his work with
his usual ardor, Archibald was able to
announce in about three minutes: “I’m
quite drunk enough now, old bird!”

  “ And I am distingly drunker,” replied
Captain Swinby.

  “ Then let’s go home,” suggested
Archibald. “ It’s no good trying to
dance on these revolving floors.”

  “Dance!” exclaimed the captain feel-
ingly. “ I can’t even walk on the beas’ly
things.”

  “ Waiter!” cried Archibald, and a sym-
pathetic expert was instantly at his elbow.
“ Help this gentleman to walk quite
steadily and soberly into my car.”

  Captain Swinby reached the car after
a progress through the mansion which
succeeded in eclipsing all the other sen-
sations of the evening.

  Not the least impressed of the specta-
tors was Mr. Muldevon, whose kindness
in assisting their progress was rewarded
by a very eloquent speech of thanks on
the door-step, finishing with this surpris-
ing disclosure:

  “ My dear, dear ol’ frien’,” said Archi-
bald, who made the speech unassisted,
the captain being by this time asleep in
186

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

the car, “ in conclusion let me explain
myself. Your lovely daughter wants to
know who I am. Tell, her, John—I
don’no your Christian name, so I must
jus’ call you John—tell her, John, with
my love, I’m a partner in a baronetcy,
so if she wants to get engaged to me—
well, there you are! Go’ bless you!”

  Looking much less enlightened than one
would expect after such a particularly
frank statement, Mr. Muldevon returned
thoughtfully to the ballroom, where he
was heard to express the opinion very
emphatically and with unmistakable feel-
ing that he had never been so d—d in his
life.

  Meanwhile, in the green-upholstered
car, Archibald, with equal emotion, was
lamenting his incautious candor.

  “ Given myself away! Told old John
all about my dreadful secret. No one
will ask me to any more dances when
they know I’m only that blighter Wyv-
erne. A tragedy, old bird, jus’ a horrid
tragedy! ”

  Discovering at last that the old bird
was still fast asleep, he spent the next few
minutes in gently rousing him, and by the
time he was awake they had drawn up
before the portals of the Chic.

  With the assistance of Jehu, the captain
was extricated and the two gentlemen
were left on the pavement of Piccadilly
to face the problem of an effective en-
trance.

  Under ordinary circumstances the steps
were not numerous, steep, or unsteady,
nor did the revolving door present at all
an impossible obstacle; but Captain
Swinby’s circumstances were not ordinary.
Even Archibald’s were a little unusual;
and to add to the drama, as it was only
just after midnight and the streets not
yet empty, „a small crowd was already
collecting.

  Fortunately, Archibald was always in-
spired by a crowd, and this time his
inspiration took one of its most lofty
flights.

  “ I say, old bird,” he said confidential-
ly, so that the crowd should not overhear
—though as he happened inadvertently to
shout his secret it was actually rewarded
by a round of applause—“ let’s pretend
we’re polar bears and come in growling!
That ’11 amuse ’em extraordinarily!
They’ll never dream for one single instant
you’re drunk—jus’ trying to be funny.
Come on!”

  “ Mos’ encouraging—mos’ encouraging,
Archie!” agreed the captain.

  Accordingly, on their hands and knees,
the two polar bears slowly ascended the
steps, and, with the assistance of many
willing spectators, the glass door began to
revolve. When it had revolved exactly
half-way round, the grand-ducal party
which happened to be in the hall were
startled to catch a glimpse of what ap-
peared to be a dark-colored quadruped
entangled in the door, though so vigor-
ously did the assistants make it revolve
that at the first attempt Archibald was
whirled completely round onto the steps
again.

  The captain, being a heavier weight,
had more luck and made a very success-
ful entrance, his growls being distinctly
audible on the second floor.

  Archibald’s second attempt resulted in
an equally spectacular effect, and the
picturesque flight of the grand-ducal party
as the two monsters roared their way to
the elevator left absolutely nothing to be
desired.

  “ ’Gratulations! Sim’ly ever and ever
and ever and ever so many ’gratulations,
old fellow!” said the captain enthusias-
tically as the bears arose at last in the
privacy of their room. (Archibald had
considered it wiser the captain should re-
main a quadruped in the lift.)

  “ Wasn’t it a neat idea?” questioned
Archibald. “ And won’t the old manager
laugh to-morrow! I say,, I strongly ad-
vise you to preten’ you’re a rat and sleep
on the floor!”

  Which he did.

TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK. Don’t forget this magazine is issued weekly, and that
you will get the continuation of this story without waiting a month.
hjearf to l|e

ear

By tke Editor

A SHORT time ago I talked of the psychological difference between the rapier
and the modern automatic—of the snakelike deviltry in the former compared
with the sudden decisiveness that belched from the deadly little mouth of
the latter. And since Johnstone McCulley’s splendid story, “ Captain Fly-By-Night,”
has called forth so many enthusiastic expressions of approval, I feel most happily
situated this week, in being supremely confident that, in announcing

THE FIGHTING LASH

BY CHARLES B. STILSON
Author of “ Polaris—of the Snows,” “Minos of Sardanes,” etc.

I	am giving you something you will read at one sitting, no matter how long it takes or
how much sleep you lose in the process.

     It will appear complete in our next issue, and will bring to your eager attention
a weapon that has a fascination all its own—a weapon as curious as it is effective in
strewing disaster wherever the whine of it is heard. France and America in the middle
of the seventeenth century is the setting; and from the glamourous mysteries of Maz-
arin’s Paris to the old Peter Stuyvesant’s Pear Tree'and the councils of the red man’s
long house, you will be led with a rapidity of action that stamps this wonderful story
as a masterpiece among novelettes—the concentrated essence of a Dumas novel, in
one-sixth the length. And in these days of great speed in all things, time is everything.

     But it is quite long enough to keep you sitting up late to finish it, because when
you once get started on “ THE FIGHTING LASH,” “ tomorrow ” will be another
day, and sleep won’t matter much.

    Next week, then, meet Le Marcou—The Tom Cat.

     You will find the cultivation of his acquaintance as thrilling as it will be unusual.

“COFT HARVEST HANDS,” by William
Slavens McNutt, is a sparkling story of
the stage, very highly charged with humor and
rich in a very real human interest. It details the
fate that overtook that remarkable ham-actor-
manager, Pilkington Van Handerberry, when he
went up against a simple Oklahoma farmer and
his Iowa sweetheart. As Miss Courlaine, the
character woman (who tells the story) remarks:
“ He is so crooked that he has to go wide
around corners for fear of running into himself.”
But even against an accomplished “ man of the
world ” of this sort, innocence may hold its own
—and maybe a little more—with the aid of
Chance and a clever woman—especially the

latter. If you don’t believe it, lead this story
and see; even if it doesn’t convince you, it will
give you more hearty laughs than you’ve had
in many weeks.

.jt

 .<*

 “THE DARK SEA-HORSE,” by Charley
Wood, thrusts the three old Stapleton “ salts,”
whom you have already encountered with pleas-
ure, into a real race, in which Captain Wagg
successfully brings down upon his head the
copious store of profanity which Captains
Swiggles and Stubbier always have at their
command. Most of what they think of Wagg
at the end of the race doesn’t get into print,

 187
188

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

but the reason for their sputtering wrath is
very much all there, accompanied by large gobs
of excitement and suspense and chortling joy.

  That reason is the story, which is as funny
and as clever a thing as the trio of skippers
have ever been mixed up in. Which means
much—and then some.

Jt	&	J*

 “ THE SURE THING,” by Ben Ames
Williams, is as amusing and human a little tale
of the Sport of Kings as you’d wish to read, and
it goes to prove—-well, several things. In fact,
if you happen to be interested in racing, it will
give you some pointers that are worth real
money; and if you aren’t, it will give you some
other pointers that are also worth real money.
So, there you are!

  Mr. Williams is comparatively a new writer
with us (do you remember his delightful
“ Glissez, M'sieu’ Kellee, Glissez!” in the July i
number?) But, as you will decide for your-
selves before very long, he is an important ad-
dition to the All-Story’s staff of contributors.

           Jt

  “PROFESSOR PUNJAB,” by James Fred-
erick Topping, is another story of the delightful
Mrs. McJimsey, who used to trip one of the
lightest fantastic toes in the “ perfesh,” and now
conducts a select theatrical boarding-house for
ungrateful and unappreciative chorus-girls from
the Bashful Maids’ Musical Comedy Company
and its ilk.

  The first time you met the lady was in “ The
Jonah Man,” published July 8. That contained
probably more of the superstitions that afflict
stage folk than any other story of its size ever
published. And in “ Professor Punjab ” you
will find some interesting and enlightening fea-
tures of stage hypnotism.

j*	Jt

AN INSPIRATION

To the Editor:

  I have been reading your magazine ever since
I can remember, when it was printed once a
month, and I must say you have the most in-
teresting stories, all under the same cover, of
any book on the market. They are so big and
strong, and inspire one to do big things and live
'clean. Some people fail to get right back of a
story, and see it as well as read it. That is why
there are some letters I have run across object-
ing to some certain author or other. There
are good points in all of your stories; if one
would only read them over the second time, they
would see them, and get good out of them. For
me, give me the All-Story every week. We
fuss at home seeing who gets it first. Even my
three-year-old girl tries to read. At any rate,
she feels the goodness coming right to her, even

though she doesn’t understand. It’s instinct.
She sits and holds it on her lap and talks to it.

 Don’t give Mr. England any vacation this
 year, for we need him right along.

 Hunt up a good auto-racing story soon. I
 should like to meet again your wonderful “ Face
 Value.”	A. L. L. R.

 Bar Harbor, Maine.

THE BEST EVER

 To the Editor:

 Enclosed find four dollars, for which please
 send me the All-Story Weekly for one year,
 beginning with July 22, as I have been unable
 to get that number here, and I don’t want to
 miss a number.	p

 I have been a subscriber for a good while, and
 have been buying at the news-stands for five or
 six years, and I want to say that the All-Story
 is the best magazine I have ever read. The
 worst stories I ever saw in it are “ The Adopted
 Father ” and “ Face Value.” About all the
 other stories fine.

 Edgar Rice Burroughs and Zane Grey are my
 favorite authors.

 Well, so-long for this time.

L. O. Morris.

 R. F. D. No. 3.

 Stuttgart, ’Arkansas.

   $1.00—THREE MONTHS OF JOY

 To the Editor:

 Have been a reader of your superb magazine
 for the last five years, and have never been able
 to “ kick,” ’cause you sure do “ put it over.”
 And now a little hint to Hulbert Footner.
 He has certainly strayed from the gilded path
 of glory. Please, please blindfold him and lead
 him back to “ The Sealed Valley ” and “ The
 Huntress ” for some more good stories of that
 type, if it is only to keep him away from the
 city with its impossible romance of “The Fu-
 gitive Sleuth.”

    Would certainly enjoy a great deal more of
 these spell-binders — Franklin, Rath, Carewe-
 Carvel, Burroughs, and England.

    Am sending herewith postal M. O. for one
 dollar for three months of joy, to commence
 with the issue of August 5th.

                      G.	Wurtmann, Jr.
    Ditmars Avenue, East Elmhurst,

    Long Island, New York.

FROM THE CRESCENT CITY

 To the Editor:

    The All-Story was the first magazine I ever
 read, and, wishing a long life to the All-Story,
 it will be the last.

To give a list of the “ best ” stories would
HEART TO HEART TALKS.

189

take pages, and I hardly, think I would be
allowed all that space in the Heart to Heart
Talks. In a word, they are all good, with very
few exceptions, one of which exceptions I regret
to say is “ Letters from a Beau Brummell of the
Ring.”

  The Tarzan stories were the creme de la
crfrme of all stories, past, present, and they will
have to be very hard pressed in the future to
lose the title of the best story ever printed in
any magazine, bar none.

  I think that the South will unite with me in
saying that E. K. Means’s stories are the best
stories of southern negro dialect ever printed,
and are as true to life as life itself.

  I have never as yet read the written praise of
New Orleans for the All-Story in the Heart to
Heart Talks, but New Orleans reads a goodly
number of All-Stories, and actions speak
louder than.words.	T. C. C.

  New Orleans, Louisana.

KEPT ’EM GUESSING

To the Editor:

  I started the All-Story when “ His Unknown
Wife ” was the front-page attraction, and must
say it is the finest plot and best-handled story I
ever read in any magazine (and I’ve read a
few), “ The Iron Rider ” coming next. “ The
Brass Check ” isn’t finished. Can’t England get
his pipe going again and give us the rest of it?

  “ Box 991 ” was O. K., and must say that
“ Face ValQe ” kept us guessing on the outcome.

  Take it as a whole, I think the All-Story is
the best magazine published, and would not
know how to spend Sunday without it.

  Thanking you and your excellent staff writers
for many hours of entertainment, I am,

F. T. N.

  717 Cable Street,

  Van Wert, Ohio.

“FISHHEAD”

  Note: On January 11, 1913, we published in
the Cavalier a story by Irvin S. Cobb called
“ Fishhead.” We didn’t call it a “ different ”
story, because at that time we had not inaugu-
rated our “ different department,” but that it
was different. is proved by the fact that, after
a lapse of more than three and a half years, we
are still getting letters about it. We published
a most enthusiastic one from S. Hapgood Parks,
Jr., of Winchendon, Massachusetts, last week,
and now from far across the Pacific comes the
following:

To the Editor:

  I have just finished your magazine for April
15, and as I wanted to thank you for the won-
derful story by P. P. Sheehan, “ The Million

Passing Tales,” and “ Fishhead,” which were
two of the best stories I have had the pleasure
of reading for many months, I take this chance
to do so.

  As I am out here in the Pacific Ocean, five
thousand five hundred miles and more from
civilization, it takes a long time to get your
magazine, but when it does come, we men have
a great time to see who shall get it first.

  I have read your first instalment of “ This
Woman to This Man,” and wish it were all
here. Also “ Do ” is a fine hint for thousands
of men who have no grit or forwardness.

  I	am waiting for another different story.

              Yours very respectfully,

Howard R. Stanley.

  Guam, Mariana Islands.

RATHER MISS A DAY’S MEALS

To the Editor:

  Enclosed herewith please find ten cents, for
which kindly send me the All-Story of May
27, 1916. I buy my All-Story every week
from my news-dealer, but somebody carried off
my copy after the dealer put it aside. I can’t
possibly afford to lose a single issue of the All-
Story; would a lot rather miss a day’s meals.
The short stories are all fine, but gee, Zane
Grey, England, and Burroughs, they are simply
grand. Please hustle along the copy for May

2	7 so I can catch up again with “ Mr. South of
Somewhere.” Should also like to have a sequel
to “ The Brass Check.”

                  Yours respectfully,

T. E. Hulberc.

  Crosby, North Dakota.

              0

FOUND IN EVERY CORNER OF THE
GLOBE

To the Editor:

  Have intended for some time to communi-
cate to you my appreciation of your splendid
efforts to make the All-Story Weekly the best
on the market.

  I have watched with consuming interest the
rapid progress of this magazine for six years,
and the change wrought in that time is certainly;
worthy of commendation.

  It is my opinion (and I believe many readers
concur in the same opinion) that the All-Story
is the best magazine ever offered to the public^
It was my only companion for eighteen months
in the Markarof (government) Prison at Vladi-
vostok, Russia, when I was convicted by the
Court of High Tribunal for attempted sedition
in writing a manuscript on exile life in Siberia.
So you cannot imagine the feeling I entertain
for All-Story.

I might say that I have found All-Story in
nearly every corner of the globe, from Hudson’s
190

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

 Bay to the Falkland Islands, and from little old
 New York to 203 Metre Hill at Port Arthur,
 the only place that I have not been able to
 obtain it being in the South Georgia Islands,
 South Arctic Sea, which islands are not in-
 habited.

   Mrs. H. E. Small, of Wrenshall, Minnesota, in
 the June 17 issue, cracks the ice relative to the
 artists, so I will jump in the swim, too. I say,
 let the cover illustrate the feature story.

   With regards to the family (I mean the Heart
 ..lo Heart Talks family), I beg of you, believe
 me to be

    A sincere All-Story admirer,

                    Albro A. Adams,

                             Electrical Engineer.
   Care of Russell's Hotel,

   Batangas, Batangas,

   Philippine Islands.

A FAITHFUL READER

 To the Editor:

  Kindly send me a copy of the All-Story
 Cavalier Weekly for August 1, 1914, for which
 I enclose twelve cents in stamps.

   You may wonder at the tardiness of the re-
 quest, so I will explain. During the summer,
 1914, I was so unfortunate as to be beyond the
 reach of your magazine. On my return I went
 directly to college, with the result that I did
 not have the opportunity to read the numbers
 I missed. This summer I was looking over
 some of the old numbers, for we keep them all
 to reread and enjoy again, and commenced
 “ The Quitter.-’ When I looked for the last in-
 stalment, it was missing, hence the order.

   In the town in which we live the All-Story
 does not reach us until Thursday afternoon, so
 we often have to drive the four miles just to get
 it, but we never let the day pass without it. Every
 Thursday there is a family gathering while, first
 one, then another, reads aloud. Those of us
 who do not like to read a serial instalment by
 instalment wait until all the instalments have
 been published, and read the story in its en-
 tirety.

  Give us some more Turzan stories. “ The
 Trail of the Otter Pelts ” and “ Polaris—of the
 Snows ” are also among the masterpieces we
 have greatly enjoyed. “ Blue Water,” beginning
 in the issue of July 22, gives great promise, and
 we await the next issue impatiently.

                      Very sincerely,

Bertram Y. Kinzey.

   Hyattsville, Maryland.

  A BOOST FROM THE “ROSE CITY”

 To the Editor :

   I have been reading the All-Story since it
 was merged with the Cavalier, and I enjoyed

 the Cavalier a good while before that. I read
 every one of the stories that I can find time to
 read. I haven’t any favorite writers, because I
 hardly ever look to see who the author is.
 The best story that I ever saw in the Cavalier
 was “ The Cradle of the Deep.” The next best,
 “ Two Women or One.”

  When are we going to get a sequel to “ The
Brass Check.” If it doesn’t come pretty soon, I
am going to wring England’s neck (in my mind).

  I have never seen a letter from this section of
the United States, so I thought I would write
and tell you and all the readers that the Rose
City is on the map and boosting for the All-
Story. Give us another like “ The Cradle of
the Deep.” I remain your well-wisher,

Dan La Boyteaux.

  134 South Fifth Street,

  New Castle, Indiana.

  Note : “ The Cradle of the Deep,” by Jacob
Fisher, was published in the Cavalier August 17
to September 7, 1912 (inclusive). “Two Wo-
men or One,” by E. J. Rath, in the Cavalier,
September 14 to October 5, 1912.

HAS NEVER MISSED AN ISSUE

To the Editor:

  Began to read the All-Story in February,
1905 (its first issue, I believe). Have not missed
an issue since. That I will not miss an issue as
long as I live may be taken as a basis of my
opinion of your magazine.

  In the Heart to Heart Talks I note what the
readers offer in praise of the different authors
(all well merited). But to you, Mr. Editor, I
send my bouquet. For it is your judgment that
gets the good things to us, and so, more success
to you. I am with you strong. You have
never disappointed me in the past.

                        Very truly,

H. G. Bender.

  Eustis, Florida.

 CONFLICTING OPINIONS FROM OHIO

To the Editor:

  About two years ago I was down with sick-
ness, and everybody knows how slow time goes
when you’re sick. Then a friend brought me a
copy of the All-St*8ry (then Cavalier) which
made time fly. I got so interested that I still
get it, and I’m glad to say I like all the stories,
including the Heart to Heart Talks. The letters
are very interesting, but, unless I missed it,
there never has been any from Canton, Ohio.
But don’t think there aren't any fans here, be-
cause there are lots of them. If you don’t get
your All-Story Thursdays or Fridays, you might
as well make up your mind to do without; they
go like hot cakes, and I’d rather miss Sunday
HEART TO HEART TALKS.

191

dinner than the All-Story. All the stories are
good, but please put in a Tickfall story by E.
K. Means every week, can’t you? Don’t ever
stop printing the All-Story.

                        Miss E. M. Boelt.

   1831 South Market,

   Canton, Ohio.

To the Editor:

   I am a reader of the All-Story, and have
been for years. The All-Story and Cavalier
were my favorites before they were combined.

   Have just finished reading “ The Dreamer in
the Cupola,” by Frank Blighton. It was great.
I think a sequel, showing what was done with
the “ Great Ideal ” and what Elijah Stebbens
and Charles Marvel did with their days after
it was tested in so remarkable a manner, would
be a good story.

   I like all the stories so far, and enjoy the
Heart to Heart Talks almost as much as any
of the stories.

   “ Down with the kickers.” Some people are
too hard to please, any way you take them.

   My favorite authors are Blighton, England,
Burroughs, Grey, Condon, Abdullah, and some
others.

   I don’t care much for E. K. Means’s Tick-
fall stories, but read them to see why so many
like them.

I don’t remember seeing a letter in the
“ Talks ” from this wide-awake city.

                          Yours,

   377 West North Street, H. K. Glenn.

Akron, Ohio.

“WHO KNOWS?” PLEASES

To the Editor:

   Seeing the names Ethel and A. James Dor-
rance on your recent attractive cover, I bought
the magazine. I like their stories, they are so
human. Noticing also your Heart to Heart
Letterettes, thinks I, if I like “Who Knows?”
I’ll send in a line when I finish. But their
climax in Part I is so very good, I am writing
now, instead of waiting, to give my little word
of appreciation to them for the story and to
you for the publishing.

                        Very sincerely,

                       Carolyn Taylor.

    Alexandria, Virginia.

“SEVEN NOTES FROM ALL THE
WORLD”

To the Editor:

   Enclosed find one dollar; please renew my
subscription for your splendid All-Story for
three months. Some time ago I wrote you a
letter. You published it In Heart Talks, and I

have received seven letters as a result—from
Carterville, Missouri; Woolum, Arkansas; Brock-
ton, Massachusetts; Seattle, Washington; Racine,
Wisconsin; Mystic, Connecticut, and Fullerton,
California, loud in their praise of the All-
Story. What an immense circulation it must
have, and what dear, good people read it. I
was delighted, I assure you. All honor and
glory to the best magazine of to-day.

                     Yours truly,

   217 Diamond Street, Laura D. Lufkin.
   Redondo Beach, California.

BEST ON THE MARKET

To the Editor:

I have been a reader of the All-Story
Weekly for the past three years, and find that
it is the best magazine on the market, and I
can hardly wait each week for it to come.

   Please give us some more like “ The Son of
Tarzan,” “ The Brass Check,” and “ The Border
Legion,” which I have found are the best. Also
more of E. K. Means’s, which are fine; as I
have lived in the South, I know something
about the negroes and their ways. I enjoy the
Heart to Heart Talks very much. Give us an-
other like “ The Dreamer in the Cupola.” Have
just finished it, and it was fine.

                              C. J. Peters.

Box No. 167,

Ironwood, Michigan.

TWO “TARZAN” ENTHUSIASTS

To the Editor:

I have been reading your magazine for a
long time, and I couldn't do without it. It is
a fine magazine; in fact, the best on the market.
I think so, anyway, and I know lots others who
think the same. Keep up your good work, and
give us more like “This Woman to This Man,”
“The Iron Rider,” and, best of all, the Tarzan
tales. Wishing you all the luck in the world,

                               I remain,

Sacramento, California.	A. J. V.

To the Editor:

Please tell me through your All-Story where
I can purchase a copy of it containing “The
Beasts of Tarzan.” If there is such a story
written, it must be by Edgar Rice Burroughs.
I have read “ Tarzan of the Apes ” and “ The
Return of Tarzan.” I would like to procure
all stories of “ Tarzan of the Apes.” I think it
was the greatest story I ever read.

With best wishes for the All-Story.

H.	D. Johnson.

R. F. D. Box No. 30,

Reagan, Texas.

Note: “The Beasts of Tarzan,” by Edgar
Rice Burroughs, was published in the All-Story
192

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

Cavalier, May 16 to June 13, 1914. It is out of
print, but may be had in book form from the
publishers, A. C. McClurg & Co., Chicago,
Illinois. “ The Son of Tarzan,” All-Story
Weekly, December 4, 1915, to January 8, 1916
—six numbers—we can supply on receipt of
sixty cents.

IT’S A GOOD HABIT

To the Editor:

Please find enclosed one dollar for another
three months’ subscription to the All-Story
Weekly. I find the All-Story Weekly habit
one I'cannot break. The All-Story Weekly
to-day is first class, and is so nice and clean my
seven-year-old boy reads it each week and en-
joys it.	Yours truly,

Mrs. Fred M. Staples.

R. F. D. No. 3,

Woodfords, Maine.

“MAGNIFEROUS” STORIES

To the Editor:

I have been a reader of All-Story for the
last four years, and now at the age of eighteen
I find 1 cannot procure a better or cleaner
magazine.

I wish to tell you truly that the stories you
publish are magniferous—a word of my own
vocabulary, which expresses my feeling of any-
thing good, clean, and interesting.

I like Western stories, but I adore stories of
India and the deserts.

In closing let me give, not a faint hurrah,
but a loud war whoop, for the editor of the
best magazine published.

                  Truly

                Miss Nettie Culleton.

Irwin Estate,

Sewickley, Pennsylvania.

 LETTERETTES

Enclosed find one dollar to pay my subscrip-
tion for three months to All-Story.

I have been reading All-Story for three
years, and would not miss receiving it for any-
thing.

I was raised in the South, and, needless to say,
the first thing I look for is the E. K. Means
story. All of your writers are good; some a
little better than others, but none worse.

D.	W. Cox.

Indianapolis, Indiana.

Enclosed please find twenty cents, for which
send me the All-Story for July 8, 1916. I
certainly agree with W. T. Weber, of Brooklyn,

about O’Toole. Maybe it’s because I’m Irish,
too. I certainly like your magazine. I started
taking it just as it was changed from a monthly
to a weekly.

Pat Flanagan.

 Ellis, South Dakota.

 Enclosed please find ten cents in cash, for
 which send me the All-Story containing the
 fifth part of “ The Return of the Mucker.”—
 the July 15 number.

 I am a constant reader of your All-Story,
 and think it has the best stories of any maga-
 zine on the market.

                      Yours t^ruly,

Thomas Hourahan.

 1115 Boston Road, Bronx.

 E.	P. Hodge’s letter concerning the chuckles
 in “ When the Devil Was Sick ” made a hit with
 me. Buy every number from our local druggist.
 There is enough variety, we believe, in the
 stories to suit any taste.

M. E. Kimball.

 Rifle, Colorado.

 I have been a constant reader of the All-
 Story for the past four years, and, believe
 me, it is some magazine.

 Give us sequels to “ Black Butterflies,” “ The
 Brass Check,” and “ Those Who Walk in Dark-
 ness.”

 “ The Promise ” was grand, as were “ Plain
 Betty Dean,” “ The Lone Star Ranger,” “ The
 Border Legion,” and “ Clavering the Incredible.”
 Norma Bainbridge.

 Box No. 76,

 El Dorado, Arkansas.

 I have read your magazine for quite a while,
 and think it is fine. Would like to read some
 more stories like “ The Sea Demons ” and “ The
 Mucker.” All your writers are good, and you
 have such good verses.

Mrs. Elsie Fye.

 Perris, Riverside County,

 California.

 Enclosed check one dollar. Please extend my
 subscription three months from August 12.

 Am very anxious for the sequel to “ The Brass
 Check.”

 “ Face Value ” and “ The Fugitive Sleuth ”
 were both good. But I believe “ Face Value ”
 should have a sequel. How about it?

 Give us plenty of continued stories. They
 can’t be beat.

Bert L. Crowe.

 Box No. 14,

 Stanton, Kentucky.
ALL-STORY WEEKLY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Train for a Job Like This

         . Don’t be content to stay in a job that almost any man can fill. Prepare yourself for a
  position in a new profession—for a position that needs you—wants you.

         There are 500,000 that need the services of Expert Accountants. There are only 2,000
  certified public accountants in America. The field is unlimited; the demand many times
  greater than the supply; the salary far in excess of that earned in other fields.

We

 Train
 You By

 Mail

Your Instruction
Will Be Under
Direct
Supervision of

William
Arthur Chase,
C. P. A.

Be An Expert
ACCOUNTANT

  At $3,000 to $10,000 a Year

—in spare time at home to qualify for one of these posi-
tions. You can advance as quickly as your time permits.

   The expert accountant is the big man in the office—one
of the most important factors in the conduct of any bus-
iness. His knowledge of the innermost secrets of a bus-
iness makes him indispensable to the boss. He is one of the
first men to be consulted in all matters of management
and finance and is confidential adviser in important ex-
ecutive affairs. His salary is anywhere from $3,000 to
$10,000 a year. That is the kind of a position we can
train you for.

   Oui> training is made personal and individual. It takes
into consideration your present knowledge or lack of
knowledge and is fitted to serve your exact requirements.

We prepare you from the ground up; provide complete
and comprehensive training according to your individual
needs from the simplest bookkeeping principles to the
most advanced accounting problems. We will give you
whatever training, instruction or review on the subject
of bookkeeping you may personally need—and without
any extra expense to you.

Small Cost—Easy Terms

   In this course all needless text-book theory has been eliminated. It is
practical, directly to the point, giving you such instruction as you need in 4
the shortest possible time. The costls surprisingly small-, and the terma *
so easy that you will scarcely miss the money. You owe it to yourself m
to learn all the facts about this course and the truly remarkable oppor- "
tunities it opens up in the business world today. We have published a i
book which tells the whole story. Explains state examinations, state g
regulations, salaries paid expert accountants, etc.—also gives com- .
plete information regarding the course. We will be glad to mail you i
a copy free, without the slightest obligation to you. Write your m
name and address in the coupon, mail it and learn now quickly you M
can, if you will, say good bye forever to hard grinding work, long M
hours, low wages with little or no chance for advancement and *

 Ex-president of the National Association of C. P. A.

 Examiners and Ex-Secretary of the Illinois State Board
 of Examiners in Accountancy, and other experts who
 rank among the highest. No expense has been spared
 to make this the easiest-to-understand, simplest to
 master, and most complete Home Study Accountancy
 Course ever prepared. It covers thoroughly every phase
 of Practical Accounting, Theory of Accounts, Auditing,
 Cost Accounting, Business Organization, Business Management.
 Business Laws, etc.

     Hundreds of accountants, bookkeepers, clerks, cashiers, cor-
  respondents and office men in subordinate positions have devel-
  oped into executives of rare ability and today are commanding
  handsome salaries—all because of LaSalle training. What we
  have done for others we can do for you.

The LaSalle Guarantee

     We give you a written agreement signed by our Treasurer that
 upon your satisfactory completion of the course, should you fail
 to pass the certified Public Accountant's examination held in any
 state, we will give you special instruction and help—without ad-
 ditional charge—until you do pass. We further agree to refund
 entire amount of tuition, according to our Guarantee Bond, if
 dissatisfied with the course.

 MAIL COUPON TODAY

   LaSalle Extension University,

Dept. 932-H	Chicago, III.

    Send at once without cost or obligation to me, your valu-
    able book of accounting facts and full details of your course
    in Higher Accountancy; also advise me ab'"'4'	de-

    duced Rate and Convenient-Payment P>-

enter a field where there is plenty of room, where you can give
orders instead of take .'them, and draw a real man’s salary.
Take the first step now. Mail the coupon today.

LaSalle Extension University, Dept. 932-H Chicago

 Street and No.

                                                                 City.,

In answering this advertisement it is desirable lnut you mention All-Stosy Weekly.
ALL-STORY WEEKLY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

  Imported

Drawinglnstraments

 Free!!

         I will give you this exquisite set
 * of imported drawing instruments abso-
 lutely free and I will give you a 20x25 inch drawing
 bo'ird, a 24 inch T square, a 12-inch rule, a supply of
 drawing paper, 2 triangles and a French curve, pencils,
 erasers, thumb tacks, etc. The instruments come in a
 superb plush lined leather case—they are genuine work-
 ing instruments and I don’t think you could duplicate
 this outfit for less than $15. But I give it away abso-
 lutely free to the men who get my personal instruction.

Be a Draftsman!

  Draw $125 to $175 Per Month

 There is an urgent demand for skilled drafts-
 men. Companies are issuing calls every day for men
 to fill positions paying from $125.00 to$175.00 per month.

 I will give you just the training you need to hold one
 of these big jobs—right in your own home. Write now.

Chief Draftsman

Will Instruct You Personally

 I am Chief Draftsman of a large and well known
 firm. I have been doing the highest paying expert
 drafting work for a quarter
 of a century and 1 know
 just the kind of training
 that is demanded from
 men who get the big sal-
 aries. During my spare
 time I will train a few
 ambitious men to hold big
 jobs, while they remain
 in their own homes. You
 will get actual work to
 do — practical instruction
 until you consider your-
 self competent re-
 gardless of how
 i long it takes. Write ^
 today — now—act

'atonce.	j? DraftsmanDobe

 Send the Coupon >♦* Engineer’s Equipment Co.
 for Big New Book	1086 Chicago, III.

                        > Without any obligations on me
 Send this coupon or a Jet- whatsoever, please mail your book
 iT	Jr ‘ Successful Drai tsmanship” and

 get mynew book. No > full particulars of your liberal ‘'Pel-
 or «* ip Actnow.^ sonal Instruction’’ o#er to a few stu-
 dents. It is understood that I am obli*
 inier Uraii£ina>. _ gated in no way whatever.

  Dobe

  Engineer's

 g,af....y

 Pay As
 You Wish

 I want ambi-
 tious men.
 Don't worry
 about the
 small charge
 I makeformy
 instruction.
 Write today.

        Inc. 4?

   Div. 1086
   Chicago, A

   in. jT

      j? Address
  /

 Name..

Mailing Cards vs.
    Classified Advertising

   It would cost more than $11,500 to
   send a post-card to the more-than-
   a-million homes in which “The
   Munsey Magazines” are read every
   month. Advertisers who want to
   cover the same ground for $17.42
   are using this short cut:

Line Rule

 MUNSEY’S MAGAZINE - - - $2.00
 RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE - .80

THE ARGOSY.....1.30

ALL-STORY WEEKLY - - - .60

 $4.70

  Special combi-
  nation rate $4.49
  per line
  Less 3 per cent
  cash discount

 Minimum space accepted, four lines. Ten per cent	:

 discount for six consecutive insertions. Zc/o for cash.	|

WRITE FOR THIS BOOKLET	j

 “A New Force in Business,” that gives full particulars	*
      about the effectiveness of Classified Advertising

in ‘‘The Munsey Magazines.”	i

The Frank A. Munsey Company

8 West Fortieth Street, New York

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention All-Stoby Weekly.

good judgment.

Rock Bottom Prices	rnpr r	...

 Easy Credit Terms	r KLh Examination

 Our import prices "di-	You don’t pay one cent until you

 rect from the mines to	see and examine any article you desire

  you” cut out all th«	right in your own hands. If you like it pay for it

 • * * * '	on our easy credit plan. If not entirely satisfied
                        return at our expense.

 wholesaler's and re-
 tailer’s profits. You
 get the benefit of thi9
 saving alongr with our
 liberal credit terms—
 eight months to pay

 —and you wear the _____________

  Diamond while paying to-date designs at
  for it. Our large cata- —and easy terms o
  logis free, writefor it.	before you f

GET OUR GREAT 116 PAGE
CATALOG. It contains over 2,000
beautiful illustrations of Diamonds,
Watches, Solid Gold Jewelry, Silverware,
Novelties, etc.—all the latest and most up-

our Importer's bargain prices

------:nt. Send lot —*-*

IT IS FREE.

 for catalog

 BROS&CafSM

 The National Credit Jewelers

 Dept. D240 108 N. State St., Chicago, III.

 Stores i»: Chicago Pittsburgh St. Louis Omaha
ALL-STORY WEEKLY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

The Boss is Sizing You Up

     Whether you know it or not, he’s on the lookout all the time for men he can promote.
 He’s ready and anxious to give YOU bigger work with bigger pay once you prove you
 can handle it. But your chance for advancement depends entirely on yourself.

     If you’re satisfied just to hang on where you are, rest assured that’s as far as you’ll
 ever get. But if you want to get ahead, if you want to be somebody, to climb into a
 position of responsibility and good money—

Get Ready—Your Chance Will Surely Come

    Choose the position you want in the work you like best—then train for it. You can
 do it in spare time in your own home without losing a day or dollar from your present
 occupation—through the International Corre-
 spondence Schools.

     More than 130,000 men right now are putting
 themselves in line for promotion through the study
 of I. C. S. Courses. Last year nearly 5,000 men
 reported advancement and increased earnings as the
 direct results of their I. C. S. training. What the
 I. C. S. have done for others they can surely do
 for you.

     There is an I. C. S. way to prepare for almost
 any job you want. All the I. C. S. ask is the
 chance to show it to you. No cost to find out
 Just mark and mail this coupon. Do it nonjj. It
 will be the first step upward.

 p — — — mmm — mmm apTIAfl OUT HKRC

I INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

            Box 2070, SCRANTON. PA.

 Explain, without obligating me, how I can qualify for the position,
 or in the subject, before which I mark X.

 I. C. S., Box 2070, Scranton, Pa.

_ _ t	In October, 1916, the International Corre-

/Ktri	spondence Schools will celebrate the com-

   pletion of 25 years of successful educational
   A ——work in the interest of technical and indus-
   Anniversary *rial preparedness. More than 130,000 men
   * and women are NOW STUDYING I. C. S.

  I/"1 C Courses, preparing for advancement and
  • O* increased earnings and greater service to
  __their employers and their country.

 ELECTRICAL ENGINEER
 Electric Lighting
 Electric Car Running
 Electric Wiring
 Telegraph Expert
 Practical Telephony
 MECHANICAL ENGINEER
 Mechanical Draftsman
 Machine Shop Practice
 Gas Engineer
 CIVIL ENGINEER
 Surveying and Mapping
 MINE FOREMAN OR ENGINEER
 Metallurgist or Prospector
 STATIONARY ENGINEER
 Marine Engineer
 ARCHITECT
 Contractor and Builder
 Architectural Draftsman
 Concrete Builder
 Structural Engineer
 PLUMBING AND HEATING
 Sheet Metal Worker
 CHEMICAL ENGINEER

 SALESMANSHIP
 ADVERTISING MAN
 Window Trimmer
 Show Card Writer
 Outdoor Sign Painter
 RAILROADER
 ILLUSTRATOR
 DESIGNER
 BOOKKEEPER
 Stenographer and Typist
 Cert. Public Accountant
 Railway Accountant
 Commercial Law
 GOOD ENGLISH
 Teacher

 Common School Subjects
 CIVIL SERVICE
 Railway Mail Clerk
 AGRICULTURE
 Textile Overseer or Supt.

 Navigator
 Ponltry Raising
 AUTOMOBILES
 Auto Repairing

 Spanish

 German

 French

 Itallau

Name_

 Occupation
 & Employer_

 Street

 and No. _

 City_

 If name of Course you want is not in this list, write it L/ciuw*

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention All-Stoby Weekly.
ALL-STORY WEEKLY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

.....lllllllliillllllllllll.....lllllllllllllflllflllillllllllflllllllllllllllltlllllllllllllllllliilllllB

                           SATURDAY SEPTEMBER 16 TEN CENTS

ALL- STORY

1J(/F£ V I V

I^,!^ iM'liM'il JV iM .:';1!!1!1 i1;1:1!! :!!1.!'!1!1!! !';! :! !'! i1 ri',1:!1,!; : i l l. l li !:i! i!» ||i! I1!! !1'! !':l iiil ihl

f In the Sept. 16th All-Story

=

1 The Frank A. Munsey Company, 8 West Fortieth St., New York

‘The West at Its Best

   “The Short Cut” is a
   murder mystery, but

     it involves neither police nor
     detectives. There is also
     another of the “Roxey
     Malone*' series, entitled
     “The Headless Horse."
     “TheTaboo and King Candy”
     is a pleasing little Hawaiian
     story and one all will like.

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention Alj.-Story Weekly.
aSSjtseUDTv itf

 “I couldn’t feet alonfe
 without Ingram’s
 Milkweed Cream
 and Velveola
 Souveraine. Every
 woman should feet
 the‘beauty’that is,
 truly, ‘in every jar’
 and in every Inferam
 box and bottle, too.”
 (Sifened)
 MARY FULLER.

January 31, 1916

 What In&ram’s prod-
 ucts do for famous
 beauties they can do
 for YOU—

Take

 Advantage
 of This Offer

 Send us 6c in stamps to
 cover cost of packing
 and mailing, and &et free
 our Guest Room Package
 containing Ingram’s Face
 Powder and Rou&e in
 novel purse packets,
 and Milkweed Cream,
 Zodenta Tooth Powder,
 and Perfume in Guest
 Room sizes. Address

 F. F. Ingram Co.

     71 Tenth St.
 Detroit	U. S. A.

     Windsor, Ont.

Itigt&m'S Milkweed Cream

by Mail, postpaid 50c and $1

Preserves Good Complexions—Improves Bad Complexions.

 There

 Every

 Beauty

 Jar

Ingram's )

                     vcola .

                 ouvcraint

 is a face powder that beautifies,
 conceals blemishes, and is sure
 to stay on. 50 cents—4 shades.

 Inferam’s Roufee is the “pink of perfec-
 tion.” Inferam’s Perfumes and Toilet
 Waters are “doubles” of real flowers.
 See free offer in left-hand panel. Write.

FREDERICK F. INGRAM CO.

Makers of "Milkweed Cream
Established 1885
Windsor, Ont. 71 Tenth St., Detroit, U.S.A.

                           Stars of the

Movies, who
must stand
the severe test of the
camera, especially ap-
preciate the g,reat value of Ingram’s Toilet Creations.

To keep the complexion fair and free from blemish,
skin disorders and sallowness, there is nothing equal to
 The Uvely Smoke for Lively Times

      That spirited sparkle and freshness of a “ Bull ” Durham
   cigarette just fit in with wholesome gaiety and genial pleasure.
   And it makes a smoke that for life and vim and breezy
   brightness has never yet been equalled.

GENUINE

 Bull Durham

SMOKING TOBACCO

    “ Bull” Durham is made of the mildest, sweetest types of Carolina-
Virginia leaf—the most wonderful blend of these famous tobaccos in the
world. Distinctive in flavor—unique in aroma—the
smoke of the connoisseur.

Ask for free package of
** papers** with each
Sc sack.

 Learn to “ roll your own ” with “ Bull ” Durham. A few
 trials will give you the knack. Then you can enjoy, any

                          place, in any company, a fresh-rolled
                          “ Bull ” Durham cigarette made by
                          yourself to your own liking.

FREE

 An Illustrated Book-
 let, showing correct
 way to “Roll Your
 Own’* Cigarettes, and a package of ciga-
 rette papers will both be mailed, free, to
 any address in the United States on request. . Ad-
 dress “Bull*’ Durham, Durham, N. C„ Room 1285.

THE AMERICAN TOBACCO COMPANY

_ii.........

_:_..............~-II,.'-I—