APRIL 259 STORIES Susan Surrenders Love in the Future Robert Leslie Bellem by Frank Kenneth YoungDIAMOND £- .WATCH CO. BALANCE 10IH0NTH5 TO PAY *48°“ F K S7 . . . The new “Princess Una” square prong engagement ring, hand plercedandengraved 1S-K Solid While Gold: fiery, genuine blue-white diamond In center with 2 matched diamonds on sides. Very specially priced! Only S4.75 a Mo. Genuine Diamond Wrist Watch ■»* F K 60 . . The 11 Martha Washington"-set with 2 fiery, genuine diamonds and -I synthetic sapphires or emeralds: beautifully engraved N-K Solid White Cold case: guaranteed 1 vjewcl move- ment. Kngraved open I In!; bracelet. A value that defies duplication at $37.50. Only .3.115 « Month. Greatest Jewelry Offer in 36 Years! It Is a mighty long time since your dollar was able to buv so much for you. Only our own di- rect diamond Importations and over $2,000,000. yearly in orders in our national mall order and retail chain store system make possible so much Quality and style at such low prices. Order now in full confidence .. . you will be delighted with these saving prices on genuine blue-white dia- monds. fine standard watches and exquisite modern Jewelry. No extra charge tor the con- venience of dignified liberal credit. 10 Months to Pay—10 Days' Free Trial HOW TO ORDER: Just send $1.00 with your order and your selection comes to you on 10 DAYS' FREE TRIAL. NO C.O.D. TO PAY ON ARRIVAL. After full examination and free trial, pay balance in 10 equal monthly payments. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED OR MONEY BACK. You have the full privilege of lOdays' free trial: if not completely satisfied, or If you can surpass these values anywhere, return shipment at our expense and the entire deposit will be refunded. Written guarantee bond ac- companies every diamond and watch purchased. ALL DEALINGS STRICTLY CONFIDEN- TIAL — NO EMBARRASSING INVESTI- GATIONS. No interest—no extras—no red tape; you take no risk. (Residents of New York City and vicinity.\ who prefer, arc invited to call In person at I our salesrooms for these marvelous values. / *297S F K 61 . . . The new, nationally advertised, Benrui "Sweetheart" guaranteed dependable 16-Jewel shock-proof Bcnruo movement: beauti- fully hand engraved, dainty casts,- protection seal keeps out dust. Engraved, open-link bracelet. Greatly reduced from former price. Only $2.88 a Month.	tmni„ *37so F K 58 . . . "Rising Star" -hand pierced and en- graved 18-K Solid White Gold square prong set with brilliant, genuine, blue-white diamond and 2 matched diamonds on Sides. First time at this l'.*w price. Only $3'i5<7 Mo. F K 59 . . . "Miss Lib- erty"—gorgeous, ultra- modern. square prong, solitaire, engagement ring set with specially selected, fiery, genuine bluc-whltc diamond in center and 4 expertly matched genu- ine diamonds on the sides. Only $5.05 u ajo. F K 48 . . . Latest style	F K 34 ... The beau- brldal-blossom wedding	tlful "Marle«n”l ring; 7 expertly matched	richly hand engraved genuine blue-white dla-	and pierced 18-K monds In the modern,	Solid White Gold: "step-settlngs", beautl-	fiery, genuine blue- fully hand engraved 18-K	white diamond. lie- Solid White Gold. Extra-	markable valuel Only ordinary value I Only	$2.40 a Month. $2.65 a Month. GIFT CASE FREE WITH EVERY PURCHASE 7-DIAMONDS F K 39 . . . "Mill America” —artistically hand engraved. 18-K Solid White Gold modern mounting: exceptionally fiery, genuine bluc-whltc diamond in center, (six) H matched genuine dia- monds In step-ertect sides. \Onty $4.75 a Month. NEW BULOVA “LONE EAGLE” F K 65 . . . I.et the watch that timed SI the greatest air flight in history record the flight of time for you. Guaranteed, dependable. 15-Jewel Bulova movement fitted in handsomely engraved, modern design. Bulova Jiuallty sturdy caso, luminous hands and dial. 'nlu $3.65 a Month Send for New Catalog FREE to Adults! Completely Illustrated cata- logue describing hundreds of very special \ alues In gen- uine, blue-white diamonds from $25. to $1000.: also llulova, Behrus, Elgin. Waltham. Hamilton. How- ard. Illinois Watches, etc. 812.50 and up; special bar- gains In smart modern Jew- elry and silverware ESTABLISHED 1895 L BOV" ’ / aems 16 JEWEL WALTHAM Pocket Watch < Combination , F K 19 . . . 'f Nationally advertised, tested and ;.ji regulated S*l_— 15-Jewel Waltham movement: 20-year warranted,' en- graved White Gold Filled. 12 size, (bin model, decagon case. Knife and line Walderriar chain to match. All complete In handsome gift case. Our most popular watch combination, $2.65 a Mo. f K 66 . . . Gent’s 14-K Solid White Gold ring; the black onyx Is set with a fiery, genuine blue-white diamond and 2 raised, 14-K Solid White Gold Initials. Never sold be- fore at tills low .price! 4)nly $2.85 a Month. ADDRESS DEPT. 27-D 170 Broadway, New York SENSATIONAL VALUES FIERY, GENUINE	blue-white DIAMONDS $1.00 DOWN 10 MONTHS TO PAY 10 DAYS’ FREE TRIAL J2200 WALTHAM or ELGIN F K 64 . . . Nationally advertised Waithahi nr Elgin; guaranteed accuratc and dependable. Engraved rugged case. Handsomely engraved, latest style, open link, bracelet to match. Great value! $2.10 a Month.IlTDIb SEX IS NO SI Nil BAN 1511 FEAR Wk AND IGNORANCEffJ Ik |T0 LOVE V/ LEARN ALL f THERE IS TO KNOW- LOVE FEARLESSLY DON T let one moment’s bliss ruin your whole life. Long years of regrets—sorrow—wrecked lires — distracted minds — tortured bodies — scandal — divorce — all because of Itrnorance of the most important part of every life — SEX. THINK before it Is too late—ACT while yon still have the chance. NOW YOU CAN KNOW THE TRUTH ABOUT 8EX1 Never before have the facts of sex. the revelations of sin, the marvels of the human body been discussed ol\ ** 'V nl THERE 19 NO DARKNESS BUT IGNORANCE THE BOOK FEARLESS* LY TELLS ABOUT: Twilight Sleep — Easy Child-birth Sex Excesses Are Children Always De- sirable? The Crime Of Abortion Quarreling and Making Up Should Husbands Occupy Separate Beds? Concerning Love Impotence and Sex Weak- ness How Babies are Bom Family Health Guide The Mystery of Twins Nursing Valuable Remedies for Women’s Diseases Teaching Children Sex over 300,000 copies soldi 80 frankly, honestly and fearlessly. Everything you want to know—and should know, is told Atxtb xtI™anyone can understand, toll? n NEW EUGENICS’’ leaves out nothing—and tells all m plain words. No one should be without this valuable Information—explains the human body rTr°^,5J w°rks—its Ills and remedies. Both parts of this 650 page ook are fully illustrated. Yon are bound to be helped by this wonderful book. It will be an invaluable aid to health and happiness. DON’T MAKE MIS- TAKES Read These Aid* to « Happy Sex Life Ouldo to Lots The Meaning of flex The Dancers of Petting How to Get Tour Man What to Allow a Lortr to Do Essential! of Happy liar- „ riage Bex Attraction Physical and Bptritoa. Love Love Making and IU Dangers How to Pick a Husband Intimate Personal Hy- giene Secrets ef the Botur* moon HEN—Leant These 8m SeeretsI The Human Body Venereal Disease* ITyslenlo Precaution* How to Build Virility How to Attract Women Joys of Perfect Mating The Sexual Embrace How to Qaln Greater Delight Sox Health and Preven- tion The Truth About Mas- turbation A lifetime of experience—the Intimate facts of Set told freely for the first time. If you don't think this is the greatest value you ever received for your money—we will refund the entire purchase price. Face the True Facts about Sex snd Life fearlessly—sincerely and scientifically—this splendid book—650 pages full of solid fact with 9S illustrations, cost only 12.95 Now. Fill out and mall the coupon for vour copy TODAY I SPECIAL FREE OFFER- to the readers of this magazine for a limited time only. &reef this instructive, outspoken book GIVEN WITHOUT COST to all who order “The New Eugenics." Only one to a purchaser. Learn all about tho con- struction and functions of the human male and femalo body. Thrilling sex factal F E E E I TWO BOOKS IN ONE WAS Reduced $5-00 to $X*9S NOTE.—This book on Sox, life and Health will not be sold to Minors — state your aco when ordering:! Edition limited.	W Clip Coupon and mail to-day.	fH PIONEER PUBLISHING COMPANY 110 West 40th Street Dept. 230 New York City I Pioneer Publishing; Company. 110	W. 40th Street,	. Dept. 230, New York.	J Gentlemen:	j Kindly send me “The New Eu-	I genics" (650 pages) in a plain wrap-	. per. 1 will pay the postman $2.1)5	I (plus postage) on delivery. (You will also send me—FREE OP CHARGE,	I your book “The Philosophy of Life”).	I Name. I Address............................... City...................... Age....... Orders from Foreign Countriee must be ac- companied by Express or Money Order ef SJ.15. [3]^ New, Snappy, Spicy Stories CONTENTS April, 1932 Vol. 11, No. 4 FIFTEEN SIZZLING FEATURES Wanna Laugh?	6 Entre-Nous a word with the editor 7 Stripping a cartoon by Virginia Maxwell 8 Side Splits	19 A Lost Art	a cartoon 27 Love Does It! a poem by King Russell 43 Hokum	35 More Giggles	51 Pick-A-Peppy-Pal Club Conducted by Peggy Brennan Shane 76 Joyous Juicy Jinks Just	to Make You Chuckle 67 Laugh Lines	75 Page O’Laughs	59 Funny Boners	77 —And She Did!	o poem by Nat Young 78 Giddy Giggles	80 SEVEN SHORT STORIES Susan Surrenders by Robert Leslie Bellem 20 A Woman of Many Loves by Rennie Devoe 28 Try It Yourself! by Jack Woodjord 36 Kid Sister Steps Out by Robert Dumont 44 Love in the Future by Frank Kenneth Young 52 Choose Your Partner by Charles Harris 60 “It” Never Lasts! by Joseph Lichtblau 68 A PEPPY SERIAL Waiting for a Thrill by C. S. Montanye 10 NEXT MONTH’S COVER Well, we promised you a good thing and we stuck to our promise, didn’t we? We always do! Isn’t this PEP cover simply wonderful? Now, the May PEP will have such a gorgeous cover it’ll knock your eyes out! That snappy little dame who graces it is a pip and she certainly will be an added attraction to your col- lection of beautiful PEP covers. Be the first one to buy PEP STORIES On sale everywhere! PEP STORIES is published monthly by Narvel Pubushinc Coup., at 306 East 46th St., New York. N. Y. Manuscripts will be handled with care, but this magazine assumes no responsibility for their gaiety, me publishers reserve the right to modify or change any manuscript accepted for publication.ADD |&3 INCHES [ "	^re y°u flut'chested ? Do ugly, sagging lines rob you of your greatest charm ? NOW it is SO easy to have the full, firm bust that Fashion demands. Just Give Me 30 Days YES, in just 30 days, you can inorease the size of your breasts and mould them into that firm, WjMi;. rounded shapeliness that is so smart and allur. kHH ing. Just the simple application of my wonderful Miracle cream and easy instructions will work wonders. Thousands of women everywhere praise this simple, harmless home treatment. Take advantage of my big special offer and see how easily you can have the charm of a full, firm, shapely bust. PROOF "I am the mother of four children, and although pretty young my busts becamo flabby anil started to sag. Now after completing tho treatment I have once again achieved for myself that feminine loveliness vehleh 1 thought was out of my life forever." Mrs. M. M.. New York. N. Y. "I foel that I must wrlto a few lines about your Miracle Cream method. It Is Just what you say It Is. My chest was so thin, but It surely Is rounding out nicely, and my bust Is coming along flne. Just tell the world if they want to know anything about your .Mi- racle Cream method to write to me." Mrs. H. E., Sioux City. Iowa. Beautiful Breasts for YOU No matter what else you have tried, no matter how small, flabby or sagging your breasts may be, you owe it to yourself to try my wonderful method. Day by day you will see them grow in size and loveliness. And it’s so easy and simple 1 Nothing to do but apply dainty Miracle Cream, follow the instructions, and watch the wonderful change take place. No longer need you be self.conscious of your un- developed, unwomanly form. No longer need you be pitied by women and ignored by men. Let me increase the beauty of your bust. Decide, right now, that you will not rest until you have mailed the coupon below. It brings you the newer, quicker, safer way to make your breasts the lovely things you have always wanted them to be! Mail Coupon NANCY LEE. Dept. B-4 8115 Broadway. Now York. This fascinating illustrated book tells how you can gain the ideal proportions of perfeet woman- hood. And it is jours, freeI Accept my great special offer at once. Mail the coupon >*ith only $1.00 for your lai. •> container of Miracle Cream and Instructions ana ! will include my valuable FREE BOOK. Send now, before this offer is withdrawn. r Dear Nancy Loo: I enclose only SI.00. Please send me your largo container of Miracle Cream with Complete Instruc- tions. Also your new FREE Book. Nancy Lee, DePt.B-4 816 Broadway	New York, N. Y Addreu Town State“You poor kid, didn’t you get that awful scar during your engagement?” “No, hon, it was while we were away on our honey- moon!”Entre MAXIE had a bad case of the jitters. He couldn't keep his mind or his hands still. Well, nobody would worry much about his mind keeping still, but it was important that Maxie keep his hands still. He was a dentist.	* * * And Rita Rj'an was the cause of all the trouble. She had cornc to work as Maxie’s nurse the week before. A blonde eyeful of sweet curves and soft skin, but was she cold! Every time Maxie touched her hand acci- dentally on purpose his own almost froze. Rita was very businesslike and efficient. Who wants a blonde to be businesslike and efficient—especially a blonde with curves and skin! *	* * At night it was particularly hard for Maxie. All day at least he had her presence to comfort him. Sometimes she even went so far as to smile. And once her dress caught in the filing cabinet and Maxie got a glimpse of peach flesh above the top of her stocking and between the bottom of her panties. The patient on the chair at that moment got an awful jab in the jaw. *	* * When Maxie tried to sleep it was terrible. He couldn’t think of anything but Rita. He would hug the pillow to him passionately, pretending that it was Rita, but what kind of comfort can a man get from a pillow! Maxie threw it from him in disgust and Nous paced the floor thinking wild fantastic things about himself and the blonde. * * * Our hero began to lose weight. He lost his pep and spirit. He walked around like a sick man. He didn’t want to go places and do things. He simply wanted Rita and when a man makes up his mind that he wants a certain femme and that femme only, why the Queen of Sheba wouldn’t fill the bill. A friend invited Maxie to join him on a wild party, but he refused and dragged himself home alone. On the way home he bought a handful of magazines. He took these to bed with him and tried to read. One after another he discarded the books until a story finally held him. *	* * Held him nothing! This one almost knocked him out of bed! It put him to sleep with the swellest dreams of Rita. The next day when he went out to lunch he left the magazine open on his desk. When Rita sat down, as she would in his absence, she couldn’t help reading the story. She did! *	* * That afternoon, while working on a patient, Maxie touched Rita’s hand and found it piping hot. And that evening—well, that story in PEP STORIES certainly cured Maxie of the jitters and now he and Rita read it from cover to cover every month. You should, too.' ------—'----------~——•-------------~-------------------- Stripping I’VE stripped myself for bathing, And stripped myself for sleep; I’ve stripped myself for swimming In a forest pool so deep. I’ve stripped myself for buyers And donned filmy lingerie, I’ve stripped myself for artists And posed au negligee. [8]By VIRGINIA MAXWELL I’ve stripped myself for money, They took photos by the ton; I’ve stripped when I lost at poker Thinking it strange I never won. I’ve stripped a million times, I guess, But this strip will thrill me too, When you’re with me on our wed- ding night And I strip myself for you. [9]W aiting for a Thrill By C. S. MONTANYE BECAUSE Cynthia Jerris was born on July Fourth her playmates called her Pun- kie. That was when she was seven. The name stuck. At nine- teen, when she made her debut, got tight for the fiftieth time and celebrated the anniversary, when she was all speed and sparkle and [10]was Cynthia to those who met her for the first time, she still re- mained Punkie to the old crowd. All her life she had been slight- ly batty. She did the craziest things for no good reason at all. For example: when she was a kid Punkie was fascinated by the strange tattoo designs on the hairy chest of Tony, the family ice man. Tony had the figure of a Turkish dancing girl spread all over hia [11]12 Waiting for a Thrill chest. When he breathed deeply the girl wiggled and oscillated. It was a beguiling sight to the nine- year old Punkie. She made in- quiries as to where such art might be obtained and learned that for two or three dollars an elderly German, whose trade was almost exclusively nautical, might be pre- vailed upon to exercise his skill. Punkie, with six dollars in her dime bank, used a button hook to fish out thirty ten cent pieces. With the tattoo artist’s address in hand she stopped at his studio one afternoon when her class at the Mayfair School was dismissed. She stated her wants clearly and precisely. “Und does your mudder know about dis?” the German inquired, in his best brogue. “Nefer do I vork mit out der bermission uf der gut barents.” Punkie lied like a trooper and displayed her thirty dimes. The sight of them, so shiny and new, completely overcame Teutonic scruples. The German requested the details, mumbling in his beard when Punkie stated her wants. “Listen,” he said. “Himmel! To do dot you vill haf to get un- dressed to der vaist yet!” “Pm ready,” Punkie said promptly. The artist muttered some more. “Bud,” he protested, “it ain’d nice for a frauline like you to get undressed before a man like me. Ach!” Punkie smiled. “How about Adam and Eve?” she asked brightly. He didn’t have any answer to that and with another look at the dimes set to work when Punkie pulled off blouse, underwaist and cute little shirt. The tattoo needles hurt but she bore up bravely. When the job was finished Punkie had the slim Tree of Life growing up from her tummy. There were beautiful leaves on it and when she took deep breaths the leaves trembled just like the ice man’s dancing girl. When her own personal maid saw it she fainted. Punkie’s mother had hysterics. Her father did a number of things. He tried to have the German artist arrested and the Tree of Life erased. How- ever, the work had been well done and the Jerris’ family physician shook his head and advised leav- ing it alone. So the art work re- mained with its trembling leaves while Punkie turned the mark of nineteen. In a way, putting on a waitress uniform and, together with ten other debutantes, waiting on the tables at the charity dinner given for the Unemployed Relief at the Hotel St. Leigh, was as crazy as the tattoo inspiration. But Pun- kie didn’t find that out until later. She made a charming waitress. Her lustrous midnight hair, enor- mous black eyes and cream olive complexion were only a few of her attractions. The abbreviated little Quaker costume she wore brought out to advantage ripe rounded little breasts that asserted themselves impudently against the tight bosom of the dress, which, further down, clung snugly to her small boyish hips. The skirt was very short so that her gleaming silken knees and slender calves"Phone me at the hotel when you’ve got everything ready for the camerahe warned. were pretty much in evidence. She looked good. The only trouble was it was no cinch juggling a half dozen soup plates at the same time. And Punkie never knew there was so much roast beef and mashed po- tatoes in the world. She lugged roast beef and mashed potatoes until she was confident the next day would find her a strict vege- tarian. Eventually, all things do, the charity dinner ended. Punkie was so tired that her good right arm drooped like a damp sponge. She had barely enough strength to take an elevator to the street and hunt up a taxicab. She still wore the waitress en- semble under a topcoat that swung open. While she waited for a cab to come along Punkie was con- scious of the rather keen regard supplied by a young man who watched her from the comer. Fin- [13]14 Waiting for a Thrill Wilmerding and Sandy Page, the two rivals for Punkie’s love. ally he approached her and said: “How would you like to earn a hundred dol- lars?” Punkie looked at him. He was a very aristocratic appearing person with the profile of a codfish and slightly popped eyes. He had more nose than was absolutely necessary or legal and a smile as cheer- ful as a rainy January afternoon. “Don’t annoy me,” Punkie requested. “Look up your keeper and have him take you home. If you don’t somebody will come along and think you’re serious.” “I am serious,” he said, with another slant at the uniform. “I’m willing to pay you a hundred dol- lars for doing me a favor. If you’ll spare me a minute I’ll ex- plain.” “Not interested,” Punkie de- clared briefly. “Look here!” he went on, catch- ing her arm. “You’ve got to listen! You’re the spittin’ image of Cynthia Jerris, the society girl, and as such you’re going to hear me. Be sensible, I have no wish to defile or seduce you. This is purely a business proposition on account of your resemblance to the young lady I mentioned.” Punkie stared harder. She had been mistaken for many things in her career but never had she been bribed to impersonate herself. It was the uniform, of course. The aristocratic youth thought she was a working girl who looked like a society deb. It was all so funny that Punkie had a job controlling ribald mirth. “So I look like some society dame?” she said, getting real slangy. “What about it?” The youth raised a finger and a sixteen cylinder Hafadac came drifting down to the curb. A chauffeur opened the door and the young gentleman followed Punkie and his nose into the tonneau. “Now,” he began, after telling the beautifully dressed chauffeur to drive around Central Park, “I’ll explain. First, my name is Elmer Wilmerding. I’m from Chicago. Surely you’ve heard of Wilmer- ding’s Winsome Bacons and Hams. That’s my father. We’ve taken a duplex apartment on Park Ave- nue and we’ve met some perfectly charming people. In fact, I like all of them except a certain snobHer own tattoo reminded her of the time when she'd been so attracted by the figure on the iceman s chest. by the name of Sanford Page.” Punkie suppressed a smile. She knew Sandy Page slightly. She had met him once or twice at various important social functions. Page was some guy. In addition to being worth a million and a half he played perfect polo at Westbury and was a butterfly along the glittering length of Broadway. Punkie remembered Page as a handsome devil, with a fascinat- ing personality and a whimsical, humorous line most entertaining. She trailed a glance at Elmer Wilmerding. Like fog the plot began to thicken. “Why don’t you like Mr.—the person you’re talking about?” Wilmerding coughed. “We’re both members of the Royal Club and more than once this Sanford Page has made me the butt of his coarse comedy. He continually finds mirth in the fact I come from Chicago and that my family are meat-packers there. In fact, I’ve become mighty tired of it. For some time I’ve been looking for a chance to make an utter fool of Page and repay him in his own coin. The instant I saw you I began to realize how it could be done.” “How?” Wilmerding made a gesture. “Simply. Page is down at his place at Pilot Light on Long Island. He’s giving a house party. What’s to prevent you from crash- [15]ing it as the Miss Cynthia Jerris I spoke of? I could have reporters and camera men ready to expose the hoax at a given time. Think of the sensa- tion it would create in society circles and Page’s humilia- tion upon learning that instead of a society girl he was entertaining a wait- ress >” “Yes, think of it!” Punkie echoed. “You think of it while I get out and walk home.” “Wait! Fll give you two hundred dollars! Really, your resemblance is so amazing that I cannot let you go. Two hundred dol- lars, my good girl. Think of all the weeks you have to work to earn that much!” “You think—” Punkie began, and stopped. All at once she began to feel inter- ested. Cocktail par- ties, chasing around There came a loud knock on the door just as Punkie pushed the dresser against it. [16]with a gang of half-wits and sibilities. She had taken an ex- liquoring up to the King’s ad- treme dislike to the Chicago miration had left her jaded and bacon manufacturer’s offspring, a good deal bored. Wilmerd- It was a case of hate at first sight, ing’s idea, Punkie saw, had pos- Yet she felt that if she could get [17]18 Waiting for a Thrill a laugh out of it it would be worth while. “I’ll do it for five hundred dol- lars,” Punkie said, “and not a quarter cheaper.” Wilmerding patted her arm. “Fine! Perfectly great! What’s your name, my good girl?” “I’m not good and I’m not your girl,” Punkie told him stiffly. “My name is Mary O’Brien, sir. I’m Mr. and Mrs. O’Brien’s daugh- ter.” “Now, Mary,” Wilmerding re- sumed, “you’d better call up your family and tell them you won’t be home for several days. Tell them anything plausible. Remember I’m paying you five hundred dol- lars. That ought to make you in- vent a good excuse.” “Tell your chauffeur to stop at a drugstore and I’ll ’phone,” Punkie replied. She called up the Jerris town house. Her mother was in Paris and her father fishing in Florida. All Punkie did was get hold of Austin, the butler, and tell him that she was off on another week-end party. Then she climbed back into Wilmerding’s car and he took her to a talksoftly where he ordered a couple of drinks and went into deeper details concerning the plot. Punkie absorbed it all and said she was ready to be his accom- plice and tool. But all the time she was thinking how she could get away with it down at Pilot Light. She would have to change her appearance somehow. There would be people there that she might know and who might know her. “You’re a nice girl, Mary,” Elmer Wilmerding told her after his third shot of gin and green lime. “You get this revenge for me and I’ll do something big for you. How would you like to have an apartment of your own some- where and a pearl necklace?” “Oh, I’d love it!” Punkie said. Wilmerding made a magnifi- cent gesture. “I wouldn’t be surprised if you got both. Some people think I’m stingy but I’m not. Come, finish your drink and then I’m taking you up to Park Avenue. You can sleep in my sister’s room to- night she’s a- way at school in Virginia. To- morrow morn- ing I’ll take you shopping for the kind of an evening gown Miss Jerris would wear.” “That,” Pun- kie said, “will be just too lovely for words.” The apartment was the type a Chicago meat-dealer could be ex- pected to have. Queen Ann, Tu- dor and Colonial furniture gave each other a pushing around. The place dripped with servants. Pun- kie spent the night in a strange bed between real linen sheets. Before (Continued on page 93) Avoid a dame Like Betty Flop She’s always saying, “Oh, please stop!”Pep Stories 19 SENORITA SALLE HAS A NEW BIG MOMENT AND WHAT A NAME SHE PICKED FOR HIM! SHE CALLS HIM “COFFEE” BECAUSE HE KEEPS HER UP ALL NIGHT! WE FOUND OUT ABOUT A PLACE WHERE YOU CAN GET HOLD OF A BOOK CALLED “HOW TO MAKE YOUR GIRL LOVE YOU” FOR FIFTY CENTS. CLEVER CLARENCE SAYS HE WOULD ADVER- TISE COMPANIONATE MARRIAGE LIKE THIS: FREE TRIAL IN YOUR OWN HOME. CLEVER. WHATf p. s.Susan Sur- renders DOES modesty pay? Susan Glendon had just about reached the conclusion that it didn’t. Selling maga- zine subscriptions was proving to be a darned sight harder than prancing in the pony row of a musi- cal comedy chorus. It was harder than selling cigarettes in a night club, too. When the seven- teenth door was slammed in her face that morning Susan found herself beginning [20] On the other side of the room the red- head was donning all of Susan’s clothes.By ROBERT LESLIE BELLEM She gave up all the nice peppy things that other men offered her until she discovered that her boy friend was--- to wish that she hadn’t taken Goeffrey Dale’s protests so all - fired seriously. She remem- bered the arguments she’d had with Dale. “A girl can’t be prudish and make a success on Broadway!” she had protested. Goeffrey Dale waved the argument aside. “I want you for myself. I don’t want every yokel from up-state staring at your bare body. "Let me out of herel" she yelled, but his arms held her prisonerI [21]22 Susan Surrenders “But—it means more salary for me!” Susan said. Goeffrey Dale flushed. “That’s right—rub it in! Just because the market hit me hard, and I can’t afford to marry you right now—” “I don’t mean it that way Goef- frey dear!” Susan answered soft- ly. “And I don’t mind waiting until you feel you can afford for us to get married.” “All right, then. Quit think- ing about going bare on the stage!” Dale replied huffily. Susan dimpled. “Anything to please you, dear!” she replied. But secretly she had wondered what particular harm there would be in exposing her dainty, girlish charms in the big tableau finale of the show. The manager had offered her ten dollars more a week to take off the lacy, silken brassiere of her costume and sub- stitute a string of very small beads. That night the manager called her. “All set for your new cos- tume? I want you to appear in it for tomorrow’s matinee,” he said. Susan shook her head. “I—I’m afraid I can’t do it.” The manager smiled sourly at her. “It’s your funeral, sister!” he said with finality. “You don’t possess anything that I can’t get in equal quantity from some of the other girls. They’re all will- ing to display as much of the skin you mustn’t touch as I want ’em to—because they want that extra salary. But for the sake of dis- cipline I’ll have to ask you to do what I say—or else take your two weeks’ notice.” Susan took the two weeks’ no- tice. That’s what came of being in love with Goeffrey Dale. Dale was middle-aged and attractive, although his eyes were a little too close together to make him look forthright. There was something evasive about him—but Susan couldn’t see it. The show manager stared at her. “You mean you’ll quit?” “I know where I can get a job as cigarette girl in a night club,” she answered. The manager grinned at her. “Help yourself. But if it’s any- thing like the night clubs I’m familiar with, you’ll soon be wear- ing a lot less than I’m asking you to.” He proved to be correct, too. The night club management wanted Susan to wear a costume that didn’t even include a string of beads. Susan wouldn’t do it. She was afraid Goeffrey Dale might come in and see her. Con- sequently she sold fewer cigar- ettes in a week than the other cigarette girl sold in one evening. The reason was obvious enough. The other cigarette girl wore noth- ing from her concave little tummy northward—except the strap that supported her tray. Patrons bought from her just to have her stand around close while they pretended to study the selection on the tray. One chap studied so long that he tried to chew a cigar- ette and light up a stick of spear- mint. The night club hostess called Susan to task. “Anything will smoke when it’s hot,” she said. “Get a customer heated up and"What do you mean by taking all my clothes awayf” Susan demanded. “Quick! Get into this room! I'll explain later!" he whispered. he’ll smoke anything. Chuck away that waist and let’s see some —er, sales.” Susan resigned instead. And now she was discovering that sell- ing magazines w^as a tough racket. But it was the only job she could find, and the rent was due. She hadn’t heard from Goeffrey Dale for more than a week, either. Seventeen doors slammed in your face is enough to discourage anybody. So when Susan tapped timidly on her eighteenth door that morning, her courage had just about all oozed away. Tt was in an apartment build- ing, and Susan was on the top floor. At first she got no response to her knock, so she rapped again, louder. The door opened. A white- faced chap who looked scared to death stared at Susan with star- [23]24 Susan Surrenders tied fear-stricken blue eyes. Susan smiled sweetly. “Would you be interested in-” she started. That was as far as she got. A look of wild relief flooded across the white-faced man’s fea- tures. He reached out, grabbed Susan by the arms and dragged her into the apartment! Susan gasped. “Wh—what—?” The young man pawed at her. “Quick—let me have your dress!” he hissed. There was a sort of desperation of despair in his look. Susan backed off. “My dud- dud-dress?” she stuttered. “Yes! Hurry up! Here—I’ll unhook it for you!” He reached around and started fumbling with Susan’s snap-hooks. Susan emitted a frightened little shriek. “Let me go!” she wailed. “Are you crazy? Let me out of here!” Before she had a chance to say another word, she felt strong, bare arms grapple her from behind. When she turned to face this new attack, the young man pounced on her. She fought—but two against one gave her not a chance in the world. Before her whirling thoughts could be collected, she felt her summery frock being yanked over her bobbed brown hair. Somebody had her legs in a clasp of iron—someone was re- moving her shoes and stockings! Suddenly she wrenched herself free—just in time to save herself from being divested of her final remaining garment, a pink lace teddy! Susan opened her mouth to scream. A masculine hand closed over her lips and choked off the sound. The young man who had pulled her into the apartment was holding her from behind, and she couldn’t escape. But Susan’s eyes were wide with surprise. On the other side of the room a red- haired girl was hastily donning Susan’s dress, hose and shoes! She was the one who had assisted the man to make Susan a pris- oner. Susan watched, fascinated and speechless. The red-haired girl fairly threw herself into Susan’s captured garments. Then, with a last look around, the red-head dashed for a window, threw it open and made her exit down the fire-escape! Susan felt the arms around her relaxing. She pulled free and faced her attacker. “What—what do you mean?” she demanded, grabbing a pillow from the ad- jacent divan and holding it close to her as a sort of shield. Footsteps were heard in the hallway outside, and the young man turned even paler than he’d been before. “Quick!” he whis- pered. “Come in here to my studio! I’ll explain everything later!” He grabbed her by the arm, knocking the pillow from her fingers with the same motion. Then he yanked her through a door into an adjoining room. Susan’s whirling brain hardly registered the things her eyes saw. The place was an artist’s studio —bare, unfurnished and vast. A big skylight flooded the place with north light, and under the sky- light stood an easel. On the easel was a canvas on which had been sketched a figure—an undraped figure, undeniably feminine. Susan’s captor whispered hur-They got such a kick out of having her close to them that they pretended to buy her whole stock of cigarettes. riedly in her ear. “That girl— she wanted to model for me—she and her husband live in this same building. He’s terribly jealous. He refused to permit her to pose. She thought he was out of town, so she slipped up here this morn- ing in nothing but a kimono. I’ve been sketching her. Then her maid phoned — said her husband had just re- turned, and was on his way up here, looking for her. The girl couldn’t escape down the fire escape with noth- ing on but a kimono. You were like a gift from heaven., Sh-h! There’s her husband now!” he gurgled as there came a loud, im- perative rapping on the apartment door. [25]26 Susan Surrenders “Who’s there?” the young man called weakly. “You open that door, damn you! You’ve got my wife in there! I’m going to kill both of you.” The young man faced Susan desperately. “Get up on that stand and pretend you’re posing!” he whispered in agitation. Then he dashed for the front door. Susan felt like leaping out the window and following the red- haired girl. But she couldn’t. She was in the same fix the red- head had been—she hadn’t any clothes! And if she just stood there, clad only in the silk teddy, anybody seeing her might think all sorts of things. There was only one logical thing for her to do. She got up on the modeling dais and assumed a pose. There was a commotion at the door. Susan heard the young man open it—and then there was a burst of excited conversation. “Where’s my wife?” a voice thundered. The young man gulped. “I— I haven’t got your wife in here!” “You’re lying! I know she’s here! Get out of my way—I’m going into your studio!” Susan felt herself beginning to blush. It was bad enough to have exposed herself to the strange young man in the apartment— but to stand there on exhibition before another fellow-! The studio door crashed open with a bang. Susan’s back was toward the door and she stayed that way. There came a sudden, ominous pause. Susan heard the scared young man say faintly “There—that’s not your wife, is it? That’s a model I’ve engaged.” “Turn around and let me see your face!” the newcomer rum- bled. Susan hesitated, and then turned. Whereupon she almost col- lapsed. “Geoffrey Dale!” she shrieked. “Susan!” Geoffrey Dale whis- pered, his face gone suddenly white. It was Dale who recovered him- self first. He assumed a bold front. “Susan, what do you mean, posing for an artist in practically nothing?” he demanded with un- convincing bluster. Susan started to explain. Then her wits returned to her. Sud- denly she realized what had hap- pened. She faced Geoffrey Dale. “So it’s you!” she said. “And you’ve got the nerve to stand there and ask me questions!” Her eyes flashed. “Now I know why you were always postponing our wed- ding! You—you’re already mar- ried !” Geoffrey Dale’s close-set eyes refused to meet hers. He turned. “I—I guess I’ll go,” he muttered. Susan watched him depart. The anger in her gaze was beginning to turn to amusement. The young man approached her. “Gee — you’ve saved me from a bad situation!” he said ad- miringly. “I—I don’t know how I can repay you!” “I do!” Susan answered with a grin. “How?” (Cont’d. on page 92)A Lost Art Boy Friend: “Don’t you agree with me that kissing has become a lost art?” Girl friend: “Say, from the way you’re acting, I’d call you a great art collector!” [27]A Woman of Many	Loves ALICIA gazed at her reflec-	luxuriant, bronze-gold hair into Z\ tion in the mirror with	circles of allurement. She was ^ somber, weary sea-blue	amazingly beautiful. She would eyes as her pert little mulatto	have been inordinately modest maid caressed the waves of her	and lacking in intelligence not to [28]By RENNIE DEVOE Clive could do nothing but stammer, “But—but Auntie, Alicia and I l~~love each other!’’ She drove every man mad with her beauty but she her- self remained cold. Is it any wonder they called her “The Frozen Flame”? have been aware of it. Besides, fawning men were constantly re- minding her of it. Her sensitive, slightly fleshy lips twisted into a wry little smile as she reviewed some of her more recent conquests. All so alike! All so basically naive and child- like when one understood them and was able to dissect their mo- tives ! Her mobile lips softened into commiserating lines. She could not forbear pitying them at times, these gullible pawns in her game, whose rule was that the world [29]30 A Woman of Many Loves owed her ease and luxury. Some of them had been so ludicrously disgruntled when they had discov- ered finally that she had been laughing at them behind their backs all the time. Well, in a way, there had been a sort of hectic forgetfulness, an anodyne for that gnawing pain that assailed her heart unceasing- ly. She was known in the gay, sophisticated haunts of the con- tinent from the Riviera to Vienna as a frivolous butterfly that had fluttered about the candle flame of men without singeing her wings. A marvelously lovely woman who could inspire a frenzy of love and yet who remained as asbestos in the fire. La Flamme Glace. That’s what the boulevardiers and the bon vivants had cynically dubbed her. The Frozen Flame! Alicia shrugged her shapely, bare, gar- denia-textured shoulders. What did it matter? She had lived luxuriously; she had attained a species of forgetfulness. What more could she expect of life? “Madame is—magnifque!” the little olive-skinned maid said, stepping back and crossing her hands over her breast to em- phasize her admiration. Alicia smiled her appreciation and arose. Her slender figure, ever so slightly voluptuous with the ripeness of maturity at breasts, hips and thighs, was tightly sheathed in shimmering black, daringly decollate. A string of huge amethysts scintillated about her smooth throat, and a broad armlet of the same jewels en- circled one wrist. Yes, she was looking uncom- monly radiant that night. Even in the blase cafes of Paris, men would turn to stare desirously at her. She wondered vaguely if the fact that a certain diplomat friend of hers was to take an American acquaintance over to meet her had inspired a more meticulously art- ful toilette than had been her cus- tom. Then she smiled crookedly at the absurdity. This man was like all the others—beasts under the veneer of culture. As the diplomat, suave, austere, snowy-haired, bowed graciously and brushed his lips against her hand in her reception room a lit- tle later, Alicia glanced with mild curiosity at the man who stood be- hind him. “Clive—Clive Gregory!” she gasped. “So you are the Ameri- can I was to meet! Of all sur- prises !” The tone in which she uttered the words was casual enough, masking the emotional upheaval that was taking place in her. Clive! Of all men! “Alicia!” Clive murmured breathlessly. “You! I didn’t dream —Count Guiseppe referred to you only by some ridiculous title— The Frozen Flame.” Something about Alicia’s heart tightened as she saw a flicker of pain flash across his features. “But it’s awfully good to see you again, Alicia. Better than anything else I expected when I came to Paris. Heavens, it’s been fully five years since we’ve laid eyes on each other, hasn’t it?” Alicia drifted through dinner with her two guests in her huge,panelled dining room. She was re-enacting her affair with Clive, five years be- fore. Her mind swung back. He had been in his senior year at Yale then, and she had graced a leggy revue. They had met at a studio party in the Village. The moment her eyes had met those of this tall, serious-faced young col- legian, Alicia had been aware of something tremendous taking place within her. It was as if part of her which had always been held inviolate had let down tie draw-bridge. Clive was charging triumphantly over the moat that had heretofore surrounded her heart. They had sat in a corner and talked, oblivious of the raucous gaiety swirling about them, for- getting even to partake of any more gin and orange juice. After that, Clive had run down to New York at every opportunity. The month that followed was tinted with the rosy thralldom of love for Alicia. Then a cloud had drifted over their happiness — Clive’s Aunt Martha. “She’s being stubbornly unrea- sonable about this,” Clive had told Alicia gloomily as they sat, their arms about each other, in her modest little apartment. “Of course, I realize and appreciate all the dear but narrow-minded old dame has done for me. She took me in when I became an orphan and reared me. Gave me all the advantages her tremendous for- tune could procure, the best sort of prep school and college, social standing and all that. But in [31] She was a gorgeous gal and she knew it. No wonder every man she met fell at her feet!32 A Woman of Many Loves spite of that it does seem to me she could let me choose my own wife. She cut up terribly when I broached the subject of marrying you as soon as I graduate.” Alicia had winced at that, but almost instantly she had become more mother than sweetheart, ca- joling him out of his melancholy mood. Then that terrible afternoon when catastrophe had swooped down upon them as they had been wrapped tightly in each other’s embrace in Alicia’s apartment. They had just finished one of the torchiest kisses on record when a grim, premonitory rustling had sounded behind them, and they had swung around to behold Aunt Martha herself glowering at them in the doorway. “I knocked, but you seemed too busy to hear,” she had said, each word like a drop of icy water spill- ing down Alicia’s back. “It was really my intention to speak to you alone, but since Clive is here, he may as well hear what I have to say.” Alicia had felt somewhat awed by the plump, gray-haired dow- ager, smartly attired in a sym- phony of expensive gray, who faced her so dominantly. Intui- tion had warned her even then that she would succeed in taking Clive away from her. “Won’t—won’t you sit down?” she had faltered, awkwardly wip- ing away a smudge of sugar from her flushed cheek. “No, I don’t intend to stay here that long,” the older woman had said with studied insolence as she cast a quick, contemptuous glance all about. “I have wonderful plans for Clive, the best of train- ing in some profession, travel, a brilliant marriage. What have you to offer to compensate for the loss of that? When your pretti- ness no longer ensnares him, what will there be left? Poverty—quar- rels—hate. Clive, my boy, you can’t be such a fool as to throw away all the advantages I can offer you for this mad infatuation? Be sensible, now, and give her up.” “But, auntie, we love—” Clive had begun, weakly, miserably. “Love! Nonsense! You’ll have forgotten her in a month!” Her voice became steely, final. “And I warn you, I’m getting tired of this foolishness. If you don’t come home with me now and promise me not to see this schem- ing chorus girl any more, I’m through with you. I’ll cut you off without a cent!” Alicia’s eyes had studied Clive’s face keenly. She had seen, slowly but unmistakably, a craven fear stealing over his handsome fea- tures. Fear of the loss of the lux- ury that pampered his flesh, of the loss of those things that would raise him to worldly success. And she had thought that he loved her above all things! Clive’s eyes had swerved around to meet hers, not squarely, but guiltily, groveling in the knowl- edge of his depravity. She had realized then the anguish of know- ing he was lost to her. A sudden wave of fury had swept through her. “Get out of here—both of you, you money- worshippers! You snobs! Get out!”"Listen here, Clivel” she said, "you’ve been getting drunk too darned often! The next time you touch a drop I’m throughI" Blinded by her scalding tears, she had tottered into her bedroom and had slammed the door shut upon them. The next day, she had signed a contract with an agent who was organizing a chorus for one of the Paris cafes. Feasting her eyes surreptitious- ly on Clive now across the gleam- ing silverware and gorgeous floral centerpiece, she decided that the years had only added to his virile masculine appeal. The gray eyes had steadied, become assured, could twinkle at times in a way that betokened a keen comprehen- sion of life and a refusal to take it too seriously. He had acquired poise, too, and a sort of assured, languid grace. Alicia was secretly delighted when the diplomat, probably sens- ing her eagerness to be alone with Clive, pleaded urgent correspond- ence that needed his attention and left. “Well, have the years brought the snob and money-worshipper forgiveness, Alicia?” Clive asked whimsically when they were alone. “Forgiveness, yes, but—” Alicia stopped suddenly be- cause her voice had become un- steady. How the memory of him had seared during those five years! [33]34 A Woman of Many Loves Into what mad escapades had the anguish of frustration driven her! “I’ve been in hell ever since then, Alicia, darling,” Clive said tenderly. “What a cad I was to fail you so utterly! But I was young, too much of a spineless pup to know that a real man al- lows nothing to come between him and his mate. I’ve longed for you, searched for you, hoped that each day might bring you back to me. And now that I’ve found you, it’s only to learn that the playboys of Europe have pinned a suggestive nickname to you—The Frozen Flame—because you incite your lovers to madness while you your- self remain passive. Cold-blood- edly feasting on their passion!” He had risen and was pacing the room wildly in his agitation. Alicia went to him, laid soothing hands on his shoulders and gently impelled him to sit on a divan. Then her hands tightly clasping his, she seated herself beside him. “You mustn’t forget, Clive, dear,” she said softly, “that not only my heart but my pride also was terribly hurt. Oh, I wish it could all be blotted out, those mad years, but it’s no use grieving over bygones. I want you to be- lieve, though, that no man—ever was to me what you were. There was a shrine—yours, darling— deep within my heart that none could enter. How could it be dif- ferent when I was loving you so —loving you so—” “Alicia, my precious!” She was in his arms. Alicia gave herself to him with a passion- ate joy. “You’ll marry me now, won’t you, darling?” Clive asked hours later. His voice was eager. “Your aunt—” “She’s staying in Venice with some friends for a few days,” Clive divulged. “Venice bored me, so I came on ahead—thank heavens! But my aunt has nothing to do with this. It’s our affair, darling. Nothing can take you away from me now. Alicia, tell me you’ll be my wife.” And Alicia, dazzled by the glamor of the only real love she had ever known, said she would. It is extremely doubtful if, dur- ing the next five days, there could have been found in Paris any more wildly, ridiculously happy couple than these newlyweds. They spent the days wandering about in quaint, isolated nooks and cran- nies of the city that neither of them would have dreamed of vis- iting alone. And at night, they were in each other’s arms, revel- ling in the orgy of ardor that should flavor every genuine hon- eymoon. Clive spent money in such a lavish way that Alicia remonstrat- ed mildly with him. His tastes were decidedly expensive. He was an excellent judge of quality in everything from underwear to claret, and he was satisfied only with the best. This trait in him caused Alicia some uneasiness. Clive seemed almost to make a religion of lux- ury. Although she herself loved ease and luxury, still it did not seem wise for anyone to depend so much on them for part of one’s happiness. After all, she was be- ginning (Continued on page 90)Pep Stories 35 Hi-diddle: “Get a load of this! Jack just told me he found a baby on his front porch.” Diddle: “Zat so? Well, isn’t he going to take it in? Hi-diddle: “Sure, just as soon as he can sober her up Spinster: “Do you really believe marriages are made in heaven ?” Old Maid: “They must be. Here I am fifty- five and still un- married!” M r s. A.i “IVhat's the mat- ter with your husband? Is he so furious that he’s foaming at the mouth?’' M r s. B.: “No, silly. I went and fed him a bowl of soap flakes in- stead of corn- flakes!”After envying the other fellow and at last getting what he's got, somehow you*re never satisfied. If you don*t believe us— Try It Yourseli! HALLAM PRESTON woke out of a deep sleep to hear the most curious of sounds. He listened intently. And then he remembered. He was at Westmoreland Towers. And the sounds he heard were the songs of birds. He had always lived in New York. With the death of his mother two years ago [36] (his father had died five years be- fore) all restraints upon Hallam fell away. The Preston fortune was all his, at last, to do with as he liked. Followed two years of amazing living . . . and then II al- lam discovered, to his amazement, that even complete freedom could be boring. Broadway lost its al- lure. Dazzling women who al-By JACK WOODFORD [37]38 Try It Yourself! ways said the same things, and who always came across after a varying amount of expensive pres- ents began to pall. And then, one day, he had met Carl Deland. Carl and he had attended Haryale together. “You’re looking peaked,” Carl told him, after the greetings were over. “Feeling punk,” Hallam ad- mitted, “tired to death of this superficial life in New York.” “Tired of it!” Carl said, aston- i s h e d, “w h y, man, Fm raring to go. Closed up Westmoreland Towers, dis- missed most of the servants, and I’m up here to lead a wild life. . . . Not tha*t I can afford to lead as fast a one as you do; but ...” “Say!” said Hallam. “I got an idea. Why don’t you take over my apartment on Park Avenue, and all that sort of thing . . . save you a lot of money, and I’ll go down and live in your Westmore- land Towers for awhile. You’re bored with your life; I’m bored with mine. We’ll switch for a bit. See how it turns out.” “Splendid,” Carl agreed. “I’m the last of the line down there, you know; you’d have the place all to yourself. Suppose we make it indefinite. When either one of us gets tired of the life we’re living, we can trade places again.” “Slick,” Hallam agreed; and they went to luncheon to talk over the details. Carl, like Hal- lam; was well off. The first night he moved into the apartment, Carl, from force of habit, got sleepy about ten o’clock. It was about twelve o’clock when he heard a mighty banging on the door. He opened the door and a whole mob piled into the room. All half drunk, they paid no at- tention at all to Carl, but went ahead to make a party. Some- body played the piano. Some- body else mixed drinks. Hallam's Japanese night duty boy was on the job not at all disconcerted. Evidently, Carl saw, this was the natural order of things in Hallam’s apartment. Nobody asked him any questions. He thought it amazing how they took things for granted in another per- son’s home. And then, later, as suddenly as they had come in, someone got the^ inspiration to go to somebody else’s apartment. Out they piled. Carl, who had just begun to enjoy himself, regretfully went back to his bedroom. He turned on the light and then stared in amaze- ment at the bed. Upon it lay what he took to be a child. So small she was, and so dainty. At first he did not recognize her. She seemed so in- nocent, so like a soft little angel, Just because a fellow puts his hand down the back of a pretty girl to get a coin, it doesn’t mean he’s a Scotchman!asleep. Her long, thick lashes swept down over her baby face, touching her rouged cheeks. Her hair was childishly awry on the pillow. She was one of those heavenly blondes that seem im- possible, yet are. He remembered her now. She had come in with the rest of the party. Obviously the others had forgotten her. She had been drunker than the rest; had been consumed with the heat of her ex- cited dancing and the quantities of liquor she had drunk; had drunkenly come off into the bed- room, thrown off her dress, and flung herself upon the bed to pass out. Although a gentleman in every sense of the word, Carl could not help but approach and touch her to see if she were real. She was. Soft as satin . . . firmly soft, warmly, pinkly, whitely hot. Carl found himself boldly running his [39]40 Try It Yourself! hands over her feminine perfec- tions appreciatively. This, he realized, was foul ball. He de- cided to leave the room, lock her in it for the night, • so that she wouldn’t be disturbed if more parties piled in, and go to one of the other bedrooms to sleep him- self. But before he departed, he decided that the exacting ethics of chivalry certainly could not be so stern as to deny him just one kiss. He bent over to kiss her full upon the lips. And then a strange thing happened. In her sleep, she reached up her arms, and locked them firmly around his neck. Drew him to her resistlessly. The fragrance of her was overpower- ing. Carol took her into his arms, with a sigh that was almost a gasp. Meanwhile, back in Westmore- land Towers, Hallam had dressed and gone out for a walk. West- moreland Towers was quite a way out from Noroke, the nearest large Virginia city to it. Hallam walked for half an hour over hill and dale, realizing that he was still on the Westmoreland estate. The negro cook had gotten him a breakfast of ham, eggs and bacon. He felt more than fit. The air was tremendously bracing. At last he came to a little creek which meandered along through the countryside. The place seemed deserted; but he heard a curious sound, as of huge trout rising at flies. He wondered if it would not have been a wise thing to bring along some fishing tackle. The creek was banked and hedged in by trees. Reaching the shade of a tree, Hallam gazed upon a sight the like of which he had never seen before in his life. A young girl undraped, except for a thin silk bathing suit, was swinging from a long rope at- tached to the limb of a tree. Presently she let go of the rope and fell with a splash into the water below. She disappeared for a moment beneath the surface of the water, then rose and swam lustily toward the shore. Once more she grasped the rope, swung far out over the water with it. Hallam decided to withdraw and leave the child, as he supposed she was, to her playing; but, as he turned his back and started away, he heard her scream shrilly. He ran back and discovered that she had somehow entangled her foot in the rope, so that when she had let go to drop into the water, she had caught, and was hanging there, in mid-air, by one foot. It was a remarkable sight. Hallam ran down into the water a little way, and, on a re- turning swing of the rope, caught her as she swung back. He ex- tricated her from the rope, hold- ing her in his arms, upside down, the while. When he set her upon her feet he blushed for the first time in his life. Never before had he looked into such dark brown, liquid, innocent eyes. Never, not even in motion pictures, had he seen such fresh young beauty. She was like an image carved from ivory; so smooth and per- fect, every warm curve flawless. Her wet skin seemed to shine. Hallam was speechless. It was she, first, who recovered herAs he gazed at her fast asleep, he remembered that ske’d been the wildest one at the party. equanimity and could speak. “Oh!” she exploded, and sud- denly conscious of her condition, she grabbed her towel from the ground and covered her feminine dainties with it, but not before Hallam had noted, by the ripe, womanly fullness of her exquisite, pink tipped breasts, that she was a woman in full bloom. “I’m terribly sorry,” Hallam began, “you see, I wouldn’t have [41]42 Try It Yourself! intruded, only your scream . . .” “You saved me,” she admitted. “I never came to the pool before. It belongs to the Westmoreland Tower estate; and I thought that Carl, the owner, was away, so I—” “He is away,” Hallam ex- claimed. “I’m not Carl, but just a friend of his. He asked me to take charge in his absence.” “This pool is so far from every- thing,” she went on; “and when I was a child I used to swim that way ... so I—” “Anyone as beautiful as you are justified in displaying her per- fections,” Hallam said, lamely, “you’re the most beautiful girl I’ve ever seen.” “Well,” she said at last, “you might as well help me dry my- self, so I can dress.” He rubbed her back briskly with the towel. Later he helped her to put on the dainty, pink intimate feminine things that she led him to, draped over a bough. As she dressed she talked. “I’m home from school,” she explained. “I go to college in Richmond. Studying art. I hope to be at least a commercial artist someday.” “You were made for a model,” Hallam pointed out. “Perhaps,” she admitted, “but although models may have a lot of fun, they don’t make so very much money . . . they just raise a lot of whoopee and then marry millionaires. I’m very serious. I don’t want to marry—ever. I want to be one of the new bachelor girl types. I want a life and a career of my own, you see.” “It’s dreadful to hear you say that,” Hallam pointed out, “you were made for love and kisses.” “Well, can’t one have love and kisses and a career too?” “Well—er—yes,” Hallam ad- mitted, “only—” suddenly he changed the subject. “Will you have tea with me alone this after- noon?” He saw her look at him apprais- ingly. “I’m game enough for any- thing,” she flashed back. “What time shall I come?” Hallam told her, and they parted; she to go over the hill, he to go back to Westmoreland Towers, his pulses leaping, his mind alive with de- licious speculations and hopes. She was a goddess, nothing less. . . . And, obviously, innocent. Hallam felt almost faint when he contemplated her in memory. The exquisite quality of her soft flesh. The youthful, and yet voluptu- ously perfect contours of her full blown woman body. At four o’clock he paced the floor of the library at Westmore- land Towers impatiently. Every- thing was arranged. He had told the colored butler to serve and then withdraw, closing the door after him; not to come back again. The library was the coziest room in the house. It contained thou- sands of books, a massive ma- hogany table, and the most com- fortable of lounges. Furthermore it had only one door, which was fitted with a key; and the window looked out over the garden from the second floor. The window was so placed that nobody could possibly see into it. When she arrived at ten min- utes after (Continued on page 86)Love Does It! By KING RUSSELL J)EAR, I adore you Thinly clad, It’s shapes like yours That drive men mad. I’d fondle you With loving fingers And learn an ecstasy That lingers. Your boudoir eyes Led me astray; It’s love that makes me Get this way!Kid Sister Steps Out ENE HOWARD was well aware, in a way, that he was cheating, but he seemed powerless to help himself. The girl in his arms was decidedly not his fiancee. And yet he had already kissed her several times, kisses during which the soft, vir- ginal tremor of her lips had sent a flame of passion leaping stirringly [44] through him. Boy, was she hot! He had never suspected it of Vernie. Her ardor, her daring acceptance of stolen delights, afforded him a rapture that was almost staggering. For a girl just through with a fashionable prep school, Vernie displayed an amor- ous savoir jaire that intrigued him mightily.By ROBERT DUMONT She got herself into a situation that promised to be a pretty tight “squeeze” until— "Why, Vernier Ruby gasped, "what—what are you doing in Jeff's apartmentf“ I, € “Let’s go to the Green Inn and make a night of it,” he suggested impulsive- ly. “I’ve heard that it’s aw- fully fast,” Vernie said, her eyes wide with the tempta- tion of his offer. “It’s bad enough that you’ve kissed me even though you’re en- gaged to Ruby. If she finds out we’ve been to that place, she’s liable to get peeved in a big way.” “Aw, you’re just taking her place. What’s a fiance between sisters just for one night? Be- sides, you’ve got it coming to you, kid. You’ve never really done any stepping.” “Not that I haven’t wanted to,” Vernie confessed. “All right, you win. But, remember, we both have to be not only careful but good also.” Gene smiled smugly to himself as he leaned over in the darkness to give directions to the chauffeur. The Green Inn was one of those places that pays for protection when it can be bought and takes chances when it cannot. There one could eat, drink, gamble and —well, no one concerned himself much with what took place be- hind the closed doors of the pseu- do-dining rooms. After her second cocktail, Ver- nie didn’t seem to mind much [45]46 Kid Sister Steps Out either. At any rate, Gene was	sibility. A side of the dismantled helping himself copiously to kisses	mahogany bed would easily reach from her soft, red lips and he was	to an open window across the nar- crushing her so close that she	row space separating the night could scarcely breathe. It is	club from the adjoining building, doubtful if either of them remem-	Across this he and Vernie could bered even Ruby’s existence at	crawl cautiously. They might be that moment.	stepping from the frying pan into “Let’s sit on the lounge over	the fire, but it seemed the only there, darling,” Gene suggested,	means of escape. And within five indicating an inviting piece of	minutes it was all accomplished furniture that stood in a comer of	and Gene had pulled in the side their private room.	of the bed after him to hide all “We’re both forgetting our-	traces of their avenue of escape, selves, Gene. This is sheer mad-	Switching on the lights, after ness—” Vernie was objecting	having taken the precaution of tremulously when there came a	drawing down the shades, Gene loud knocking on the door.	found himself in a richly furnished “Clear out, everybody! Police	apartment that was obviously raiding the place!” a voice warned	tenanted by a man. The outer raucously. <	door was locked from the outside. “Migosh, I can’t afford to get	They appeared to be safe from the mixed up in a scandal!” Vernie	raiders, but they were virtually wailed. “Get me out of here,	prisoners. quick!”	“Ah, alone at last!” Gene said Seizing Vemie’s hand, Gene	jocosely. “What a wonderful dashed out of the room and into	bridal suite this would make!” the corridor. It would be folly,	“Calm yourself! This is no he realized, to join the excited	bashful bride here with you. throng rushing toward the stair-	You’d better get busy trying to way leading downstairs. They	pick the lock on that outer door would tumble like fools right into	so we can get out!” Vernie re- the arms of the police. Obviously,	minded him with a little trace of the better chance of escape lay to-	panic in her eyes, ward the rear.	“Baby, Fate seems to have ar- At the far end of the corridor	ranged all this, so why worry?” stood a door different from the	Gene said huskily. “Besides, the others. Gene raced toward it with	lock on that door seems to be of Vernie in tow and found it un-	the unpickable kind. We have the locked. They entered a luxuri-	time, the place, and at least one ously furnished bedroom, prob-	very willing party. So why not ably that of the owner of the night	make the most of it?” club, Gene surmised. _	“Perhaps — perhaps it would After a hasty scrutiny in search	have been better to have allowed of some means of escape, Gene de-	the police to capture-us,” Vernie cided that there was only one pos-	ventured tremulously.Iii	jive minutes they’d stepped across from the raided speakeasy to the building next doorl “Don’t be silly!” Gene scoffed. “Baby, I’m all athrill at the idea of being alone here with you in this swell apartment. And do you know, too much talk and not a single kiss makes Gene a mighty discontented chap. Isn’t there something that can be done?” Before Vernie could reply, he had slipped his arms about her and had kissed her passionately again and again, even though Vernie strove to evade his lips. “Have a heart!” she pleaded breathlessly. “Remember, I’m just a foolish little butterfly trying to find out what makes the candle flame so bright.” “Vernie, you little darling, you’re simply irresistible! You’re maddening — adorable!” Gene said huskily. “I can’t help loving you—forgetting everything!” “You must think of Ruby— Vernie gasped, atremble in his ardent embrace. [47]48 Kid Sister Steps Out “I can’tI can’t help it!” Gene said in a hoarse whisper. “You’re burning me up! I can only remember that you’re in my arms and that we’re here alone!” Beyond an open door, under the amber glow of shaded lights, a perfectly appointed sleeping room lay disclosed. Gene gently but masterfully drew Vernie to- ward it. “Gene—oh, heavens—Gene we must come to our senses—forget this madness—” Vernie breathed in the deep throaty voice of pas- sion. Gene halted and drew her closer. His lips pressed down on hers with clinging, intimate sup- plication. Vernie’s soft, white arms crept up about his neck and made a tight circle as she sagged limply against him. . . . A fleeting, remorseful thought of Ruby flashed through Gene’s mind, momentarily dulling his de- light. Then he thought of the odd chain of circumstances that had culminated in bringing Vernie and himself into this intriguing situation. And he wondered if, after all he should combat occur- ences that seemed to have been so aptly prearranged. When he had dropped in at Ruby’s home to carry out a theatre engagement with her, he had been received by Vernie, Ruby’s younger sister, who had returned from boarding school only the day before. She had positively bedazzled him. She was small and cuddly and blonde. Her hair was a bewitch- ing mass of golden ringlets and her eyes little sections of a sunny Venetian sky. She resembled Ruby to some extent, but she was a vastly more scintillant and viva- cious replica. Ruby was a spirituelle blonde who seemed more interested in art than in men—with the exception of Gene, to whom she had become engaged. She maintained a studio in the artists’ quarter and dabbled there almost daily with smelly, sticky paints. Vernie had run up to Gene and kissed him with the free camara- derie accorded to an elder sister’s beau. The contact of her fresh young lips, the brushing of her firm, full young breasts against him, the subtle fragrance of her hair, all had stirred Gene strangely. “Ruby asked me to tell you that she’s awfully sorry, but she’s lying down with a nasty headache and won’t be able to go with you.” “Tough luck!” Gene had lam- ented. “Now I’ve got a whole evening to kill some way or an- other all alone.” “Well, you have my sympathy. I’m in the same fix. The most interesting thing I can find to do is to sit up and read a stupid novel that’s supposed to be hot,” Vernie added. “Say, misery loves company. Let’s you and I join forces and go out to spread a little whoopee.” “Oh, boy, I’m with you with bells on,” Vernie had accepted eagerly. “After being cooped up in that stuffy school, I feel like going to naughty places and doing wild things.” It was thus the whole affair had started."/ can only think of one thing," he whispered, "that you*re in my arms and we’re here—all alone!” [49]50 Kid Sister Steps Out Now, in a strange man’s apart- ment, Vernie was pleading with Gene not to succumb to the mad urge of their desire. When her arms crept caressingly about his neck, however, and she sagged limply against him, Gene forgot that she was Ruby’s younger sis- ter, forgot everything but the heady allure of the girl in his arms. With a smothered little cry of anticipated bliss, he picked her up in his arms and strode heavily across the room. . . . The whirring of a key in the lock of the outer door startled them. Vernie was in Gene’s arms. At the sound of the door opening, however, they both sat very still, listening intently. “You don’t know how happy you’ve made me by coming to my poor place, darling.” It was a man’s voice, deep and tremulous with emotion. “I like to do the unconven- tional, Jeff, you know that. And besides, I’ve found something lacking in Gene lately. He’s failed to thrill me. That’s why I pretended a headache tonight so as to come here with you. I don’t know how in the world I’ll ever get him to understand, though. He seems a bit thick when it comes to that.” Both Vernie and Gene caught their breath sharply as they recognized Ruby’s rich contralto drawl. “He’ll have to know it soon, darling, for I’m jealous of every moment you give him,” her companion stated passionately. “Come, let me show you the bed- room so you can make yourself comfortable.” The next instant the two couples were facing each other. There was very little verbal ex- planation, for not much was needed. Gene told briefly of the incidents that had conspired to bring him and Vernie there. Everything else was glaringly ob- vious. At the earliest opportunity that presented itself, Vernie and Gene eliminated themselves from the embarrassing situation. “Ruby said I was a bit thick, precious, but I have enough sense to know one thing. I’m wildly, desperately in love with you. We belong to one another—after to- night. Let’s get married, baby,” Gene said softly, once they were in a taxi. “I’ve wanted you ever since I first knew you, darling. I was so jealous of Ruby that I was glad to go off to school. Oh, gee, mar- ried to you! Hold me tight, honey. Just thinking about it is making me dizzy!” *	★ ★ We know a sweet hot little mama who goes to the beach every day, gets into a natty bathing suit and never even goes near the water. But—she means business just the same!Pep Stories 51 Miss Catt: “And you know when she was a kid, all she wanted was a little milk and crackers before retiring.” Miss Catty: “And now she’d be satisfied with just a little applesauce.” Advice from one who knows: If you're not both pretty well balanced you'd better not make love in a hammock. Doctor: “What’s the matter with that young man in Room 26? He’s been running a pretty high temperature for the last four days.” Head Nurse: “Yes, I know, but he’ll be all right now. I’ve ordered the nurses not to bathe him more than once a day.” DUMB DORA WANTED HANK TO SHOW HER WHERE HE WAS WOUNDED DURING THE WAR SO HE WENT AND GOT OUT HIS PHOTO ALBUM AND SHOWED IT TO HER! P. S.Love in the F uture THE sky liner roared across the purple heavens like the gray ghost of a Gargantuan bat, its motors droning, its propel- lers wailing a weird song. Inside the cozy, electrically- heated cabin, the male passenger turned from his lady companion in disgust. “Well, if you won’t warm up,” he said irritably, “I can get out, I suppose!” [52] “Suit yourself,” replied the lady calmly and turned away. The man stared a moment in silence, then savagely punched a button that opened a trapdoor in the floor of the cabin, revealing swirling clouds of darkness below. “So long!” he said laconically —and stepped through the open- ing into space. . . . A long drop—with rushing wind in his face, an empty feeling at theBy FRANK KENNETH YOUNG The way it looks now—a fellow and a girl will never be able to have any privacy at all! pit of his stomach. Then a jerk of the ring at his belt, and his par- achute slipped from its casing with a sharp report, and streamed out behind like a pennant. The rush- ing wind caused the ’chute to fill, and the speed of the man’s descent was broken by a tug, as the canvas ballooned out and filled to capaci- ty and size. Grinning in appreciation of his having bailed out without mishap, the man glanced aloft and thumbed his nose at the gaunt, gray ship still pushing its prow into the night. “Go on!” he muttered. “I’d rather land in a barnyard and take my chances with a milkmaid than hang to your skirt and get only the cold shoulder! There’s more’n one dame in this man’s world!” Glancing down- ward dark, he that he was earth than he had supposed, and apparently about to drop into a town. Down, down he went and presently he saw the top of a build- ing rising to meet him, and the next instant crashed through the skylight, and dropped on some- thing soft and springy in the room below. “Ohhhhh!” screamed a femi- nine voice. “How dare you?” The man rose to his knees, clawed his way from under a tan- gle of rope and canvas, and stared bewilderedly about to discover that he had landed in a lady’s bed! Moreover, right here before his astonished eyes was the lady in person! Pale of face, chatter- ing of teeth, and very much fright- ... And almost landed beside her!54 Love in the Future ened, but—beautiful beyond the power of words to describe! “I beg your pardon!” he stam- mered. “I’m awfully sorry I smashed your skylight, and lit- tered up your bed. But it was so dark up there, I couldn’t see where I was going!” Apologetically, he stared at her, drinking in the beauty of her pale face, dark eyes and hair, and soft- ly gleaming flesh. She was both young and beautiful, and he de- lighted in his slow appraisal of her charms. Evidently, his abrupt descent had roused her from slum- ber, for she was still attired only in a sleeping garment—a wisp of diaphanous silk that served only to emphasize the glowing skin and palpitating curves of her lovely body. “Do you mean you descended from a plane?” she asked, finding her voice at last. “Sure!” he grinned. “Rather unusual, especially my landing in your bed! But I got fed up with my transcontinental companion, and bailed out, leaving her to fin- ish the flight alone. Washburn’s my name—Richard Washburn. I’m from New York.” “Oh!”—her eyes widening a trifle in acknowledgment of the introduction. “I am V a i d a Dwight ” “What a pretty name!” he mur- mured. “Do you live here? Is this your home?” “It’s my rooming house,” she chuckled. “I occupy this one room. I’m close to the roof be- cause the rent is cheaper here!” “I understand,” he said slowly. “I’m sorry I interrupted your beauty sleep. I apologize.” “Oh, that doesn’t matter. But I must admit, you almost fright- ened the life out of me! Oh, say!” —with sudden concern in her tones—“you’re hurt!” “Am I?” “A splinter of glass has cut your cheek,” she said, rising. “You must let me bathe and dress it.” “Oh, don’t bother!” he de- murred. “It’s only a scratch!” But she laughed, and hastened to assemble her first-aid remedies, a basin of cold water, a sponge, and a bit of tape. Washburn watched as she moved about the room, and he was keenly aware of her beau- ty, her sex appeal. Her youthful body was a slender, curving shad- ow through the thin texture of her gown. As she leaned over him, he was conscious of a delicate per- fume about her that made him dizzy. When she bent further oyer, he could see two pear-shaped bits of feminine delights—pendu- lous, maddening, and so desirable. When the slight wound had been bathed and dressed, both were visibly affected by their near- ness and mutual magnetism. The man was breathing hard and star- ing; the girl was slightly tremu- lous and pink. “How can I ever thank you?” he murmured, pressing her hands. “Don’t be silly!” she admon- ished in low tones. “But if I had had you instead of the other girl with me on the transcontinental hop—” “Yes?” she challenged. “Yes!” he answered with con- viction.By Frank K. Young 55 She got so tight that she man- aged to tear her gourtt off and climb to the top of the statue! She laughed and averted her gaze. Gosh! She was lovely. “Well,” he continued, “I hardly think you’d have permitted me to jump from the plane, anyhow!” “I’m sure I wouldn’t!” she whispered. His gaze probed deep into her “I’d like to, awfully well,” she replied, caressing his cheek lightly. “But . . . Well, I got into a bit of trouble awhile ago, and attracted the attention of the Police Com- missioner. He disapproved of me in a big way, and ordered me to be at home and in bed every night soul, and encouraged by the result of his scrutiny, he gathered her tenderly into his arms. “Gee, Vaida, you’re a swell girl!” he whispered. “Let’s go places and do things ! Get dressed and go out with me—show me the town, won’t you ?” at an early hour. I’m sort of on probation, you understand. I’m not supposed to enjoy the com- panionship of men for a whole year! My case was given consid- erable publicity, and my picture appeared in all the newspapers. If I were to go out with you tonight,56 Love in the Future somebody would be sure to recog- nize and report me! Then HE would know I had violated my parole, and I’d be in an awful fix!” “Oh, I’m sorry!” he said con- tritely. “But, of course, I didn’t know the circumstances. Why, even my presence here might be sufficient to queer things for you.” “Yes, it might be,” she admit- ted. “But I don’t think anybody else knows you’re here. My land- lady—the woman who owns this building—doesn’t sleep here, and mine is the only sleeping chamber on this floor.” “Wouldn’t it be a great lark if” —his voice was low and caressing —“I might remain here, and no- body be the wiser?” Her glance was filled with elo- quence. “But, of course,” he hastened to add, “I wouldn’t want to be the cause of making more trouble. What did you do, if I may ask, to get into this jam?” “Oh, nothing much,” she re- plied modestly. “Just got a bit soused with a young man one night, and danced with him in the public square. He took my clothes off, a garment at a time, and put them on the Statue of Liberty, and I climbed to the top and broke a bottle of booze over the lady’s head. But the Commissioner didn’t like it at all! He laid down some very strict rules for me to follow, and put the young man in jail for sixty days!” Washburn struggled to choke back a laugh, and regarded his companion gravely. “I see,” he murmured. “Then, perhaps I’d better go.” “Oh, no!” protested Vaida. “Please, don’t! I—I like you and want to become better acquainted with you. I feel rather responsi- ble for you, since you crashed through my skylight, and I could- n’t think of turning you adrift in this strange town, with no place to go or sleep!” “You mean you wish me to re- main here all night with you?” he stammered. “Why not?” she chuckled, re- garding him frankly. “It’s the safest place I know of! We’re not so likely to be discovered here as we might be if we went out on the street.” “You darling!” he breathed, crushing her close to his breast and rapturously kissing her up- turned face. “Uh-huh!” she murmured dreamily. “I like you, too!” Again he embraced her passion- ately, and started kissing her all over again. He had just reached her left bare shoulder, when there was an interruption caused by the ringing of a bell. “Oh, darn!” exclaimed the girl petulantly. “You’ll have to wait, please, while I answer the phone.” Swiftly, she rose and moved to the television set at one side of the room. As she lifted the re- ceiver, a light flashed on and a man’s voice was heard speaking. “Miss Dwight? . . . Well, sor- ry to disturb you, but one of the night patrolmen reports that he saw a parachute descend in your neighborhood not long ago. He has conducted a thorough investi- gation, but can discover no trace of the aviator or his ’chute. Hedidn’t think to call on you because he was unaware you were occupy- ing the roof apartment. But it occurred to me that the man may have landed on the roof, and been too seriously injured to call for assistance. Have you heard any suspicious sounds during the past fifteen or twenty minutes?” “No,” replied Vaida sweetly— “none at all! I was safe in my bed when you called.” Glancing over Vaida’s shoulder, Richard saw framed upon the screen a picture of the interior of the Police Commissioner’s office, and the Commissioner himself, a middle-aged man with iron-gray hair and fierce moustaches, sitting stern and erect before his desk. Even as he gazed, he saw the Commissioner give a start of sur- prise, and realized too late that he had betrayed his presence in Vai- da’s room. “Hello!” the Commissioner was saying. “You say you have seen nothing of the young aviator?” “Not a sign of him, Commis- sioner!” replied Vaida, still more sweetly. “I’m sure he couldn’t have descended on the roof!” “Then who is the young man in your room with you?” rasped the angry voice. “Oh, good heavens!” gasped Vaida. “I forgot to disconnect the television! He’s seen you, Richard! What’ll I do?” “Miss Dwight,” continued the irascible old voice, “you are guilty of misdemeanor! You have dis- obeyed my commands and broken your parole! I must insist that you report to me in my office within an hour and give a full [57]58 Love in the Future and truthful account of your re- cent behavior. Do I make myself clear ? May I expect you to follow my instructions, or must I send a man to take you into custody?” “Oh, please, Commissioner!” begged Vaida, “I’ll do whatever you say!” “Very well! Then I shall be expecting you!” . . . And the en- suing silence denoted that the connection had been broken. “Did you hear what he said?” whispered Vaida, turning tragic eyes upon the man. “I’ve got to go right over to his office and ex- plain the whole thing!” “Never mind, honey!” he soothed, taking her in his arms. “Everything will turn out all right. I’m going along with you.” “Oh, no, I can’t allow you to—” “Hush!” he said, silencing her with a kiss. “I’m the chief cause of all this trouble. My descend- ing in your bed brought it all about. So I feel myself responsi- ble, and must insist on seeing it through. You get dressed now, like a good girl, while I call a taxi.” He saw her step behind a tall screen in a corner of the room, and then turned to the television set. But he could scarcely keep his mind on the business of phon- ing, so interested was he in the slim, curving silhouette that was revealed upon the screen. First he watched her slip out of her thin nightie, and as she stood there in all her unadorned reflected loveli- ness, he felt like grasping herein his arms and crushing her with his passion. Then in a flash he saw her don a dancette of sheer lacy panties, so scanty that they barely covered her hips, and then a tiny wisp of bandeau to match. Shoes and stockings, and short, tight-fitting satin dress completed her outfit. Just as she had fin- ished a buzzer sounded at the door, informing them that the taxi had arrived. “All ready, honey?” Richards called. “Coming!” she answered, and stepped out into the room, fully attired in street clothes. Richard took her arm, and to- gether they descended in the auto- mat into the street. Tenderly, he helped her to a seat inside the waiting car, then spoke a few low- toned words to the chauffeur, and sprang in beside her. The motor purred, and the machine moved smoothly away. « “You’re having a chance to show me the town, after all, aren’t you, dear?” he teased. “Yes, but—” she choked. “Gee, I’m frightened! No telling what that old crab will want to do to me now! He may even have me put in jail for all I know.” “As if entertaining a man in your room a few minutes were a terrible offense!” he chided. “It isn’t just that,” she said wisely. “It’s the fact that I dis- obeyed him! You see, his rigid rules were intended as a means of punishing me for my earlier of- fense !” “Well, don’t worry, darling!” he advised. “I’ll fix everything when we arrive at his office.” He allowed her to snuggle down into his embrace and give herself up to (Continued on page 83)Pep Stories 59 FLIRTATIOUS FLOSSY IS NINETEEN YEARS OLD AND STILL DOESN’T KNOW HOW TO TIE A BEAU. WILL SOME KIND YOUNG MAN OFFER TO TEACH HER? “BOOZE IS ONE OF THE GREATEST ‘SLENDERIZ- ING’ THINGS I KNOW OF.” “HOW COME?” "WELL, IF YOU DRINK PLENTY OF IT IT’LL MAKB YOU LEAN AGAINST ANYTHING.” -o- Hotcha Hen- ry: “IFhen you get to Paris where are you going to stop?” Cha-cha Chicken: “Kid- do, when I get to Paris I'll stop at nothing!" -Qr “That Mary Jones certainly treats her sweet- heart like dirt, doesn’t she?” “You bet! She hides him under the bed when she hears her hus- band coming!” -B- Dorter: “Why is it, mom, that some girls gei into deep water?” Mom: “Because, dorter, those girls never learned to paddle their own canoes.” JIM: “YOU KNOPF I’M CRAZY ABOUT YOU, MILLIE. THERE'S NO ONE ELSE I LOFE, SO WHAT OF IT IF I CAN'T GIFE YOU ALL THE LUXURIES AND. RICHES THAT TIM COULD?” MILLIE: “I LOFE YOU TOO, DARLING, BUT WHO IS THIS TIM?”By CHARLES HARRIS It looks like a darned good game, if you can supply the right time, the right place, the right girl, and—the right kind of giggle water I “Come on, Ethel, let’s go out on a spree and liven tip a bit.” Choose Your Partner FOUR people—two married couples—sat in the living room of the apartment. The four had been inseparable for years. One of the men was us- [60] ing the telephone. ... “Olympia 1296—Shorty? This is Malcolm. Send over two bot- tles of White Satin—No, I'm not at home, I’m at Bill’s. You knowBill. Yes, the boy has been here before, he knows the place—that’s right, third floor, 301 — Right away.” Malcolm hung up the phone and turned back to the others in the room. “He’ll be here right away.” His wife then spoke up, “Herb, I wish you wouldn’t get anything tonight. We don’t need it. And we ought to save our money. We will never save enough to buy a house if you spend it all for gin. The other man, Burnside, spoke up then. “She’s right, Herb, we don’t need anything to drink. We’re trying to save for a house, too.” Burnside’s wife in- terrupted laughingly As his wife rattled on, Burnside turned to Mal- colm’s wife and held out his hands in mock appeal he said in a resigned as "Sure thing, Bill, I need some pepping up myself right now.” with, “Don’t pay any attention to these two ‘kill-joys,’ Herb. Be- tween your wife and my husband, an evening can be very beauti- fully spoiled. All they want to do is sit around on their hands and save money for houses. I like to have a good time once in a while and so do you. You and I will have a few high-balls, any- way.” tone, “It’s no use, Ethel, we can do nothing with your husband and my wife. We will have to turn to each other for consolation.” He took her in his arms and held her tightly to him against his breast. He placed his hands on her hips and gave her a little squeeze as she seemed to melt right against him. Then she put her arms up around his neck and [61]62 Choose Your Partner, pretended to sob unrestrainedly as her body shook with presum- able grief. It made his pulses beat faster and his blood pound against his temples as he felt this move- ment of hers so close. The whole thing took place in such a short moment that neither of the other two seemed to notice anything. They simply burst into laughter and rushed into each other’s arms as Malcolm said, “Well, Marilyn, you and I’ll have to stick together then. We two’ll have a good time together and let these two old “stodgies” cry on each other’s shoulders. Come over here and sit with me and we’ll seek consola- tion,” and he drew her down on to his lap. . . . The door-bell rang. Burnside and Mrs. Malcolm drew apart, and Burnside went to the door. He admitted a sleek looking, well dressed young man and, once in- side the apartment, the young man, with a Houdini flourish, pro- duced seemingly from thin air two bottles of gin. In the act of producing the liq- uor, his eyes darted quickly about the room from one person to an- other and he spoke to each one in turn. He had been there before and he had also been to Malcolm’s apartment. He knew all four of them. As he glanced at Mrs. Burnside sitting on Malcolm’s lap in a rather too comfortable position— Malcolm spoke up, jocularly, “Don’t look surprised, Eddie, at what you see. You are gazing upon two people who are ‘misun- derstood’ by their own respective mates and they have turned to each other for consolation.” As Eddie hesitated, Malcolm spoke to him again. “And don’t stand there with that expectant look on your face, either. You’re not going to get any money from me tonight. I am going out of town tomorrow and I need all the cash that I have for expenses. Tell Shorty I’ll mail him a check for this as soon as I get back. That will be in about four or five days.” After the young man had de- parted, Mrs. Malcolm turned to her husband and said, “Why, Herb, you didn’t tell me that you were going out of town.” “It came up suddenly this af- ternoon,” he answered, “and I didn’t get a chance to tell you un- till just now.” Mrs. Burnside then spoke up, “Well, Ethel, is that nice, I ask you ? Both of us at the same time. I’m going to be short a husband, too. Bill is going on a trip and he will be gone a week or ten days. And while he’s gone, I am not ‘at home’ to anyone. I am not going any place or see anyone at all. I am going to my sister’s and take a good rest. Why don’t you go to your mother’s while Herb is gone?” “I guess I will,” answered Mrs. Malcolm. “Let’s play bridge,” suggested Burnside, as he came out of the kitchen carrying two gin highballs. “Aren’t you drinking?” Mal- colm asked Burnside. “No, he’s not,” Malcolm’s wife answered, “and neither am I. You and Marilyn can do the drinking for our two families. Both houses will be well represented as long asBy Charles Harris 63 you two are on the receiving end "!’Jl ,be.. reaJyL in f r . i i-	i	»	)'ffy. darling, she satd. ot the disposal committee.	«/ ;«s/ have to put my The game progressed, Burnside	dress °"r and Mrs. Malcolm playing quiet- ly and seriously, while Mrs. Burn- side and Malcolm grew more light-headed and noisier with each succeeding drink. Abruptly, Marilyn Burnside threw down her cards and cried, “I’ve had enough of this. It’s too quiet here. Let’s do something. Go some place. It’s early yet, only nine o’clock. . . . Let’s all go out to the Cotton Club. Maybe you two ‘old folks’ will liven up a little,” as she turned to her husband and Mrs. Malcolm. Herb Malcolm jumped up at once with, “That’s right. Let’s do something. Come on, Bill. Come on, Ethel. Let’s go.” Mrs. Malcolm turned to Burnside, “What shall we do with them. Bill? Shoot ’em or let ’em suf- fer?” Burnside spoke slowly, “Well, you can do as you please with them. I re- fuse to recognize either of them. As far as I am concerned, I cannot hear a word they are saying. They are not going to drag me out there. I’ve got to get some sleep and get down to the office early in the morning. I have a lot of things to straighten out before I leave tomor- row night. I’m leaving on the Owl for San Fran- cisco at eight o’clock.”64 Choose Your Partner “Well, I’m not going out there, either,” answered Mrs. Malcolm. “You two imps have just enough gin in your systems to want to ‘go places’ and raise the roof. Well go ahead. I’m going to bed as soon as you all clear out of here.” Malcolm turned to Mrs. Burn- side, “What do you say, Marilyn? Shall you and I go? Let these two ‘old glooms’ get their sleep. You and I’ll ‘step out,’ ” and he ran to get her cloak, laughing as he went. Mrs. Malcolm turned to Burn- side, “Let ’em go, Bill. Let them get it out of their systems. To- morrow they’ll feel like hell with their headaches and we’ll have to take care of them.” Burnside turned to Mrs. Mal- colm. “Gee, you’re sensible, Ethel. I wish Marilyn was more like you. We could buy a house in no time with the money that we’d save.” As he spoke, Malcolm came back into the room with his top- coat and Marilyn’s wraps. He heard what Burnside had said to Ethel and as he kissed his wife, he turned to Burnside, “Yes, and I wish that Ethel was more like Marilyn. We’d have more fun.” Then, to his wife, “Don’t worry, Ethel, we’ll be home early. Can you trust me out with Bill’s wife? And how about you, Bill?” “Go ahead,” answered Bill, “have a good time but don’t break your fool necks. Take care of my wife. She’s the only wife I’ve got right now. And don’t blame me for tomorrow’s head-aches.” The three went out together and left Mrs. Malcolm alone in the apartment. Down in the street Burnside made sure that his wife had her key in her purse, put her in Malcolm’s car, and waved them away from the curb. Then he got in his own car and drove home. He slept soundly and stirred but slightly when his wife came in shortly after two o’clock in the morning. The following morning he was up bright and early and he was cooking his own breakfast when his wife called to him to bring her some ice water. He chuckled to himself as he took her the cold drink and asked her, “Well, did- n’t I tell you so? Was I right?” “Yes, Bill, you were right. You’re always right. I don’t know what I’d do without you . . . My, what a head I’ve got on me this morning!” “That’s all right, dear,” he an- swered, “just lie around quiet to- day and if you don’t feel like cooking dinner tonight we can eat out. I’ll be home earlier than usual because I have to pack in time to catch the Owl at eight o’clock.” Not many blocks away, in the Malcolm apartment, the same thing was taking place, except for the changes in the parties. Herb Malcolm lay in bed and his wife, Ethel, administered to him with an ice pack on his head and a cup of steaming black coffee in her hand. “Didn’t I tell you?” “Yes, Mamma, you sure did. Why didn’t you make me stay home? Oh, my poor head! And I have to catch a train for San Diego at twelve.”By Charles Harris 65 He got out of bed, took a cold shower, dressed, took a Bromo, and asked his wife to drive him to the Station. “Good-bye, dear, I’ll be back in four or five days,” he called as he ran in under the Station parquet. Bill Burnside got home a little after six o’clock and found his wife in the kitchen with dinner almost ready. “Why, Marilyn, I didn’t expect you to cook this evening. I thought you felt bad.” “I feel much better now,” she answered, ‘‘and the least I can do is cook you a nice dinner when you are going to be gone for a week or more.” Burnside ate his dinner, packed his bags, called a taxicab, kissed his wife and was off to the Depot. Somewhere around eight o’clock the tele- phone rang in the Burnside apartment and Marilyn picked up the receiver. A man’s voice spoke to her, “Are you ready, sweetheart?” "Oh, my poor head!" he moaned. "Why didn’t you make me stay home last night?"66 Choose Your Partner “Meet me at the usual corner in thirty minutes,” she answered, “I want to pack a few things.” Four days later Herb Malcolm and Marilyn Burnside were in Cottage Nine at the Agua Cali- ente Hotel in Old Mexico. They had registered as H. M. Notman and wife. She was clad in a thin, transparent negligee that revealed more than it concealed. She was putting on stockings and each time she bent forward to straight- en a seam the folds of the negligee fell apart and exposed a wide area of pink-white satiny skin and lit- tle rolls and folds of flesh. Herb stared at her all the while she dressed. Presently she stood up and with her back to him, stepped into a pair of green chiffon panties, lace- trimmed and very sheer, and then imprisoned a pair of bobbing, buxom breasts in a little brassiere that was hardly sufficient for them. She threw off the negligee then, and entirely unmindful of Herb, walked over to the clothes closet, took down a dress from its hook and slipped it over her head. Then Malcolm said: “We’d better be getting back, sweetheart. We’ve had our little holiday and our time is up.” “You know best, Herb,” she an- swered. “I don’t want to go back yet but if you say so, I’m ready.” “I don’t want to go, either,” he replied, “but we have to be care- ful. We have been lucky so far. As long as we have been doing this, four years now, we have never even been suspected. Let’s not take any chances now.” “You’re right,” she said, “we can’t take any chances.” She paused, then went on, “You know, Herb, I love these occasional holi- days with you. We can blow off steam, then go back and appre- ciate our respective spouses the more for it. But I couldn’t stand you all the time. I’ve got to have Bill. He’s solid, substantial. He would never go away from me with another woman on a trip like you do with me. I don’t know what I’d do if I lost Bill—even if he is a big unsuspecting old chump.” “By golly, Marilyn, you’ve hit it all right. That’s the word,” said Malcolm. “Chump. I feel the same way about Ethel as you do about Bill. I’d be lost with- out her. But she’s a chump. That’s what they both are, just a couple of chumps.” A train was crawling slowly over the High Sierras near Truc- kee. Soon it would be in Nevada. In one of the Pullmans a man and a woman sat close together. The man had his arm thrown protectingly around the woman and he was whispering m her pink ear, “We’ll soon be in Reno, dear. It’ll take six weeks to get our divorces but after that we’ll have each other. We can go back and save our money and buy a house and have kids. . . . Let Herb and Marilyn go to Mexico all they want then. If we had the money they have spent down there in the last four years we could buy a house right now.” It was the “two chumps.”Pep Stories 67 Sally Stenog: “I had to leave my last job because my employer’s wife accused me of making love to him.” New Employer: “O. K., kid. You may report for work to- morrow morning.” Play Producer: “Miss Star, in your next play you will take the part of a shy young girl.” Miss Star: “Ye gods! I’ll have to get my grandmother to teach me how to blush!” -0O0- ‘Did you see Fanny?’ ‘Who’s Fanny?” Skippy: “Were you out late last night? You look worn out.” Sooky: “Was I? I went to a wooden wedding?” Skippy: “Wooden wedding? What do you mean?” Sooky: “Yeah, two Poles were married.” Folks, we introduce you to Saucy Susie, the peppiest of them all. Susie cracks this one for you: She says that girls aren’t going to wear straw hats any more; most of them are getting felt. r. s.Every time a man and a maid fall for each other and get sealed only on the grounds of their mutual sex appeal, you’ll see that— ii It” Never Lasts! LOUIS, head barber in Paul’s	Let me inform you that Paul’s Sporting Barber Shop, was	place was located not far from accustomed to men patrons	Times Square. It was a rendez- as a rule, yet, whenever a femi-	vous for actors and near-actors, nine patron desired his services,	theatrical producers and near the- he was equally at home with her.	atrical producers, bootleggers and [68]near bootleggers—in short, the successful people in every profes- sion mingled with the near-suc- cessful, there. Louis was only thirty. Fur- thermore, he was the most good- looking barber in New York. And a bachelor—not by choice, but because he supported so many flames in different love nests. He simply couldn’t afford to marry any particular femme because he had so many on his list. Get it? To explain further: Louis was so popular with several Wall Street broker customers who had slipped him swelegant Street tips at various times, that he had ac- cumulated a neat fortune. Be- cause he loved the ladies, he squandered most of his neat in- come on those fortunate ones of [69]70 “It” Never Lasts! his choice, and as a result he hadn’t gotten anywhere to date. From seven in the morning until quitting time, he barbered. After quitting time, he became a gentle- man about town, and one who donned elegant raiment, rode in taxicabs, and tossed his dough away wherever fancy dictated. It was six o’clock in Paul’s shop. Paying Louis his week’s salary, Paul shook his head fondly at his star barber. “I suppose,” remarked Paul, “that since this is your regular night off, and pay night, I can ex- pect you in tomorrow around noon, in your usual glued con- dition, eh? The morning follow- ing pay night is usually your headache - and - gee - how - punk- I-feel morning, and there is no reason to anticipate anything dif- ferent tomorrow, eh?” Louis grinned, rather sheep- ishly. “Well, a guy must play at least once a week, boss—you know how it is.” “Okay, Louis. Have a swell time! Fact is, I wish I was your age, and single like you, myself. I can’t remember the last time I was able to escape the ball and cable for an evening off!” “There will be no handcuffing wife in my life, boss,” chortled Louis, complacently. “I’m too smart to fall for that wedding bell stuff. I—” He stopped short, petrified. At that precise instant, in walked the most sensational red-head Louis had ever seen in his vast experi- ence. She was no older than eighteen at most. Her evening wrap was a Poiret masterpiece. The evening frock, as she casually flung the wrap on the nearest chair, revealed a figure of such slim perfection, curves and lines that any head barber would have slashed his customers’ throats in half merely giving her side glances. In one hand was a ciga- rette, and in the other, a half- emptied silver flask of rye. Her gigantic violet eyes were slightly glazed for obvious reasons. She tapped Louis’ arm. “Are you the boss?” Louis stammered, “No. Mr. Gognocci, here, is the boss—” She turned to Paul Gognocci. “I’m Natalie Harrington,” she an- nounced, in a rather thick voice. “My father disowned me an hour ago for my wildness, and I’m now looking for a job as manicurist in your deadfall. How about it?” Mr. Gognocci and Louis looked at each other in gasping amaze- ment. By a blind stroke of fate, the current manicurist had quit early that morning to be legally merged with a bootlegger. The employment agency had not yet sent around a suitable substitute. Natalie Harrington’s father owned the Harrington Steel Corporation, and there had been enough head- lines about her to furnish material for all the Sunday feature editions for months to come. To hire her would be an unparalleled stroke of luck—a break that would add dozens of patrons to the shop. Paul grabbed her at once. “Can you start right away?” he demanded joyfully. “Tomorrow at nine sharp,” she yawned, and finished the rest of"My millionaire father's just disowned me,” she said dizzily, “and 1 want a manicurist job. Got onef” the flask in one hectic gulp. “It’s far too late now, of course—and besides, I haven’t had dinner yet.” She turned to Louis imperiously. “Take me to dine somewhere, will you? I’m starved.” Paul nodded quickly at his head barber. Louis beamed and in- serted her arm under his. Gal- lantly, he escorted her to a taxi. Ten minutes later they were in Mordeau’s. There were intimate little booths in Mordeau’s, and you could order anything from beer to champagne. Louis pondered rapidly as she leaned her flaming head on his shoulder and closed her eyes. His plans for the evening hadn’t in- cluded anything unexpected like this. He had intended to visit Irma, who ruled his West End apartment of late. Irma was third from the line in a burlesque house [71]72 “It” Never Lasts! on the Stem, and usually was through at midnight. From mid- night until noon next day, she would be all his. But, in com- parison to this society beauty peacefully asleep on his shoulder, Irma was so hammy that Louis mentally eased her out of the pic- ture at once. Furthermore, if he wished to retain his place in Mr. Gognocci’s good graces, it behooved him not to lose sight of the delectable Na- talie even for a second. When Paul had nodded at him, there had been a silent warning in his protruding black eyes: “Deliver this ritzy honey safely to the shop at nine tomorrow, Louis, or it will be just too bad!” Well, reflected Louis, with a grin and a shrug, fate could have handed him a decidedly punker break than this. He would sober up the sizzling Natalie with a few shots of black coffee, show her a nice time, take her to a hotel for the night somewhere, and in the morning Paul would beam at him in gratitude and consider him a smart guy. What could be more kosher? A pot of coffee, however, failed to sober Natalie as much as he anticipated. It merely went well with the cocktails, turtle soup, roast Maryland turkey, and ice cream, and that was all. Natalie sleepily insisted on cognac, Kiim- mel, Chartreuse and Benedictine after the dessert, so all the good effect of the coffee was lost. “Take me to your apartment, darlin’,” she yawned. “I’m too languid and sleepy for words.’’ Being well acquainted with hotel clerks, Louis had no diffi- culty whatever in obtaining a large double room in an Incan- descent Alley hostelry. He didn’t even need the usual phony suit- case, though Jake, the desk man, evinced the utmost astonishment at sight of his companion as Louis signed the register. “Gosh!” said Jake, feebly. “You certainly have promoted yourself into a big shot, Louis! Since when do you travel around with society numbers of her class?” Louis tried to act as if escorting a girl like Natalie Harrington into a hotel room were small-time stuff, but made a poor stab at it. His grin of complacency would have made a Chessy cat look like a pall-bearer. Having locked the door, he watched Natalie remove the wrap and fling it on the bed, then herself adjacent to it. The sheath of an evening dress slid up as she did so, and briefs of ex- treme vividness and laciness de- lighted his eyes, not to mention blinding white stretches of knee and thigh. “Darling,” she said, “before I undress, it would give me a pass- ing thrill if I saw you in all your virile, manly perfection first. Give me a cigarette and a drink from the bottle you brought with you from Mordeau’s, and then shed your raiment.” This certainly was not Hoyle. Usually, when Louis locked a door on a femme, it was she who undraped herself first to give him a preliminary caviar taste before the feast—and he stared at her pop-eyed.lie zcas JVezv York's handsomest barber and every pretty girl wanted to be a flame of his. “What’s the idea?” he yelped. “I’m very jaded with men,” she yawned. “There have been so many males in my life of late that I bother with no candidate who doesn’t really thrill me. In your snappy gray pin stripe suit, you certainly look promising. But the burning question is — how will thaUpromise be fulfilled when you are outside of the suit, Louis?” “Oh,” sneered Louis, “is that so! Well, if you think I’m going to leap through a hoop for you just because you’re Natalie Har- rington, take another shot in the arm, baby. No wonder your father aired you! He must have got washed up on you plenty—” He might not have talked like that, with red spots of indignation in his handsome face, if so many assorted liqueurs hadn’t raved in his veins. He had a pretty good opinion of himself—with reason. Didn’t he possess fifty grand of his own? And weren’t at least five or six assorted cuties nerts about him pah-lenty? Natalie rose and started to don the wrap. Her eyes viewed him in a most indifferent manner. “Well, thanks for the dinner, anyway,” she yawned. “I’ll be going now. There are several other barber shops I’d like to try, and there is still plenty of time, because the tonsorial establish- ments in the Broadway sector do not close until midnight, mostly. [73]74 “It** Never Lasts! Sorry you can’t please me in this little matter, boy friend, but no hard feelings—” Louis stopped her just in time. Another instant, and she would have turned the evening into a de- bacle unthinkable. How could he face the outraged Paul in the morning if he let her walk out on him? Paul would justly think that his celebrated S. A. and IT had fizzled, and that he had been unable to hold her — and that thought gave Louis flaming pause. “Okay,” he chirped. “You win. Return to the bed, baby, and watch me. And if I do say it my- self, I’ll bet a shoe horn against a cow bell you’ll never think of air- ing yourself afterwards!” As the humor of the situation suddenly struck him, he gave vent to deep chuckles. Nobody could call him a poor sport or a moist smack, and he’d save this ritzy number for Paul’s shop. Remov- ing the quart bottle from his coat pocket, and swishing out a pocket cup at the same time, he handed them to her with a grinning bow. Then a cigarette— She tossed the cup under the bed disdainfully, tipped the bot- tle neck to her exquisitively cut berry lips, and a quarter of its contents vanished down her slim throat. Louis gulped. By all the sacred bulls of Spain, what a ca- pacity! Dizzily, he disrobed. First, coat, vest, trousers, and shirt. That left him in his B. V. X.’s and silk hose with spatted shoes. He struck an attitude, clowning it with a grin. He was beginning to enjoy himself! No other baby had ever put him un- der a preliminary X-ray like this, and the novelty of the situation had its points—and how. “Well,” he inquired softly, “how do you like me, Natalie? Do I qualify?” From the bed, she regarded him with critical eyes. Slowly they kindled. He was nothing if not well-built, and from the torso down, especially, an Apollo might have envied him. Natalie nodded approvingly. Suddenly she was on her feet be- side him, and her hands roamed over his muscles lovingly. A giant blaze grew and grew in her eyes until they seared Louis in their heat. “Magnificent!” she hissed sibi- lantly. “Just the masculine per- fection I’ve been looking for, dar- ling. Absolutely unsurpassed!” In a blinding rush she reached for shoulder straps. The evening dress slid off her, and she stood an inch away from him in nothing but the sheerest of shorts and stockings. . . . If Louis were masculine perfec- tion in her eyes, how much femi- nine perfection was she in his! Nature had endowed her with a leopard grace and exquisiteness. Her coral-pointed breasts, the sheer beauty of her torso, the tapering, beautifully-flowing lines of hip and thigh and leg, made him catch his breath sharply. The Tigress blaze in her eyes as her hands reached for his neck and his lips were crushed by hers, the intensity of her passion had never been a part of his sexy past, fea- tured though that past had been by	{Continued on -page 82)Pep Stories 75 Guy: What did you think of that cute baby I introduced you to last night? Automobile Fan: Why, she had very nice headlamps and a beautiful chassis. I think she could be lively without going too fast, but when I heard her sing I decided she needed a silencer! He: “It’s so dark here I can hard!}' sec my hand before my face.” She: “But you know darn well that your hand is not before your face.” Her Newest Husband: “My darling, that dia- mond ring is beau- tiful. Who gave it to you?” Herself: “Yes, it is lovely, isn’t it? It’s a present from my next hus- band!” Bill: “Well, well, I can see that you’re a modern girl all the way through, eh?” Lil: “Oh, goodness—I forgot to put my slip on!” . .1.. Judge: “And did you really murder six women?” Prisoner: “Of course not, Your Honor. They were simply the victims of a practical choker!’Pick-A-Peppy-Pal Club The purpose of this club is to drive away loneso/neness. 1 want every reader of PEP STORIES to be full of fun and laughter. 1 want you to be full of pep and yau can be, too. Just pick out a pal whose letter is below and write to her or him. Put your letter in a stamped envelope with the name ivritten in pencil on the outside. Letters without stamps will not be forwarded. Address the letters to Mrs. Peggy Brennon Shane, 13th floor, 305 East 46th Street, New York City. Note the address carefully. Please be sure to give your real name and address. No addresses will be sent. Mrs. Peggy Brennon Shane	J ■+. Dear Mrs. Shane:— I bet you must get hundreds and hun- dreds of letters from all over the world. Yours is such a great idea and I’d love to become a member of the club. Is there room for me? I’m seventeen, five foot tall and weigh ninety-six pounds. I’ve got brown hair and blue eyes and my principal recommendation is that I’ve got loads of snap and plenty of pep. Mo Hie R. Dear Mrs. Shane:— Maybe all this drinking and petting is the style but then I’m an old-fashioned fellow. Not that I don’t enjoy a good time but night after night of drinking and necking leaves a sour taste in your mouth. I come from a small town where the op- portunities for making new friends are very limited. I wonder if some of the many people who write to you would like to write to me. Please don’t get me wrong, Mrs. Shane. I’m not a crab— just that I want more from life than a continuous round of drunken orgies. I’m twenty-four, American, five feet ten inches, blue eyes and I guess you’d call my hair medium. Jim, Lenox. Dear Mrs. Shane:— New York City is a great place all right but when you’re all alone you might [76] just as well be out in the desert. It’s so very hard to make the right kind of friends. I’m studying dancing in New York and I love my work but all work and no play can make a dull girl of Kay as well as it can make a dull one of Jack. I’m nineteen and of rather a shy dis- position but what I can’t express in words I can say with the pen. I’ll make a good pen pal for someone. Will you give me a chance to prove this? Kay, New York. Dear Mrs. Shane:— Do you know the old line about the man who comes from Missouri? Well, he’s supposed to be the kind that wants to be shown things and I want to be shown just what your club can do. I’ve been reading PEP STORIES for many years now and I always turn to your section with interest. I like the spirit in the let- ters of the members. They seem to have such confidence that you’re going to fix things up for them. I’m twenty-six and not too bad to look at. I’ve got a normal disposition and I’m interested in everything the normal fellow is interested in. Nothing any different about me—just an all around man. Are there a couple of friends left for me? A Missourian.Pep Stories 77 You won’t stick to Fritzi Loffen Doesn’t kiss a man so often! #	* * * fVifey: “Listen here, you, last night you mentioned the name Florence in your sleep.” Hubby: “'Did I? Well, don’t let it •worry you, darling, it’s merely the name of a new dog I bought yesterday.” IVifey: "Oh, is it? Well, the dog called you up this afternoon I” *■ * * * Lover: ‘‘What do you mean you don’t love me anymore? I’ve always played fair, haven’t I ?” Lucy: “Sure, you’re fair, but I like ’em wanner, kid!” Him: “All my friends tell me that you’re some wonderful little petter.” Her: “I’ve had no complaints so far.” * * * * Little Willie was making faces at his nurse. “Why, Willie,” said his mother, “that’s rude! Don’t you love your nursie any more?” “Gosh, no!” said little Willie, “I can’t stand her! I wish I could pinch her cheeks like Papa docs!” *	* * * HARRY: “SAY, MAIME’S EVENING GOWN IS PRETTY, BUT AWFULLY DECOL- LETTE. DO YOU THINK THE WOMEN ARE GOING TO WEAR THEM ANY LOWER?” FRED: “NO. WHY MAN, THE END IS IN VIEW RIGHT NOW!” HARRY: “NO FOOLIN’. GEE, I HAVEN’T SEEN ANY THAT LOW!”—And She Did! By NAT YOUNG IF you kiss me I won’t scream; Love is such A pleasant dream. I don’t want To wake just yet; I’d much rather Sit and pet. Or reclining In your arms Taste all love’s Forbidden charms. Treat me rough, I won’t get sore, I’ll meet you Half way, and more! [78]Pep Stories jar sipril, 1932 79 Forget Depression and Wage-Cuts! W ORLD FAMOUS # SHIRT ■3'nm COMPANY Will Establish You In BIG PAfING BUSINESS hy work for others? If you have often •	-;hed for a big paying business of your own, li -re is your Golden Opportunity. Like thou- nds of other ambitious men who have be- o:ne Public Service Representatives, y»u can break into the big money class— become your own boss—set your own hours. If you wish, you can hold your present job, and double your income in your spare hours. HERE’S THE PROPOSITION The nationally famous line of Public irvice Shirts, Ties, Hosiery, Underwear, is sold direct-to-customers, through authorized Public Service Representa- ives. You are now offered the opportunity i.o handle the Public Service Line in your erritory. Pocket big pay daily by simply snowing this complete line to men in your town. Orders are easy because Public Service merchandise is styled on Fifth Avenue —quality made in our own huge mills—priced right—and guaranteed 100%. 1.	BIG COMMISSIONS IN ADVANCE. 2.	EXTRA CASH BONUSES. 3.	YOUR OWN SHIRTS AND TIES FREE. Don’t invest a single penny of your own money. We supply you with a complete Selling Outfit FREE. This outfit is scien- tifically created—just show it and your cash profits roll up automatically. ACT AT ONCE Start on the road to big money by mail- ing the coupon below, today. We supply tested sales plans that make everything easy. There’s no limit to the business you can build for yourself. Actually, you write your own pay check. Don’t delay. Write for the big FREE line NOW. PUBLIC SERVICE MILLS, Inc. Dept. 3010,	West New York, New Jersey SHIRTS A wide ranep of smart styles and low prioe--* So please every cus'orssei A size to fit every man. TIES An extensive lino of Uie newest, handsome or aval s. Amazingly low pnoee. HOSIERY Made r i k h t ana priivil rixht. EjcIu- bivo Fifth Avenua niim’wr- ilial win v&'y aiders. w UNDERWEAR For every season— for every taste. And prieod to encourage Quick buying. Public Service Mill*, Inc. Dept. 3010, West New York, N. J. T am anxious to operate my own biff paying Shirt, Tie. Hosiery and Underwear business by acting as a Public Service Representative. Please rush complete Selling Outfit FREE. Name ............................................ Address .......................................... Town ........................ State ............. (Canadian Agents write: lift Dun das Street, London, Ontario, Canada)80 Pep Stories He: “Did you really fool Teddy at that New Year’s Eve costume party?” She: “Well,—nearly to the last minute, anyhow.” He: “Aha! I knew you’d give yourself away!” -o::o- Maggie the Old Maid went to see a crystal gazer to find out what her future held for her. The old geezer—pardon, we mean gazer—looked at Maggie and said: “For ten dollars I’ll make all your dreams come true” “Well here,” said Maggie, “for Pete’s sake, take this ten-dollar bill and get that crystal out of the way!”Pep Stories for April, 1932 81 HARRIED WOMEN End Worry . this NEW, EASY WAYi No more fears and uncertainties. At last that intimate problem of married life is solved—safely, simply, surely. Why	'• j take chances with your health and hap-	( ,, j piness? Carelessness, ignorance or the	i ■ j wrong protective measures can easily Physicians warn mean a lifetime of regret, unhappiness and gerous acids or caustia despair. Let SANI-JELL banish the ever -ggjj- p- present fears and worries that now rob Sani-jeii, harmless, ef- c	t _• j	fectivo and so conve- you of peace of mind.	nient. ure Protection Instantly Sani-Jell is guaranteed protec-	tive of germ life. And it is so easy tion—destroying germ-laden accu-	to use. Always ready at a moment’s mulations instantly! Dainty women	notice, it gives you complete anti- say it is just what they have al-	septic protection anytime, any- ways wanted. It is absolutely reli-	where. able .absolutelyharness'So much	com,* m a convenient simpler and safer to use than car-	tach^ent. A s£,gie squeeze or turn bolic acid or mercury compounds.	0£ forces the soft jelly well Sani-Jell is safe to use on the	Up jnt0 the vaginal tract, where it tender membranes—yet it is abso-	forms a protective coating over all lutely effective. This soothing,	the parts. You are instantly safe- harmless jelly-like compound is	guarded against the entry of germ- kind to human tissues but destruc-	laden accumulations. No Water or Accessories No fuss or bother. Just a squeeze of the handy tube and you are safe and proteoted for 8 hours! You need no cumbersome accessories, you need no water. Just Sani-Jell alone and peace of mind is yours. At home or travelling, it is quick, convenient and instantaneous in its action. It is the surest, safest protection you can give yourself. Special Offer NOW—Only H?® To introduce Sani-Jell to you I offer you a large tube for only 26 cents—complete with nozzle attachment. Mail the coupon at once and your package will come to you by return mail—in plain wrapper. Take advantage of this very spccial offer today—it may be withdrawn shortly. Mail the coupon	■■■■■■■■ now!	# Violet Paoe. Dept. B-4 M ^ Mm	With your large tube of Sani-Jell #55 East llth Street U4 H-K	I Will send you a free copy of / nZr Niii Piit' Pleats my	book, ‘'How to f send me a |ar06 '«ube Cf Practice Feminine Hygiene. > Sani-Jell. complete with noz- Authoritative and scientific, it will open your eyes to the » zle. for the special price of vital importance of proper feminine sanitary measures. . only 25 cents, which I am en- Perhaps it may correct the mistakes you have been # h*'0ks,n«; Aminln* hval«n«Ur Mall making. It tells you exactly what you want to know # P|„in wrapper, about this personal matter that means so very much # to your health and happiness. Mail the coupon f Name ............................... VIOLET PAGE	^Address ............................... 55 Eant llth St., Dept. B-4, New York, N. Y. 0 Town ................... State ...........82 Pep Stories for April, 1932 TILLIE & MAC (NEW STUFF!) Peaches & Browning, Dumb Dora. Maggie & Jiggs, Boss & Bubbles. tThe Gumps, French Stenographer, A Bachelor’s Dream, Adam & Eve. I£ip & Alice, A Model's i.tfn Original—''Night in Paris," Toots & Casper, A Coachman's Daughter, and Over 100 more. Also over 70 Raro & Daring French type pictures, incl. 18 Action Photos Montmartre type of Men and Women in various poses. Also inc. Women Alono, in different positions, etc., specials free with order—"Advico on llow to Win at Cards," also ' The Night Life of Paris." and some short raro French stories, etc., etc. Goods sent sealed in plain wrapper. You will receive all of the above. You may send cash, money order or stamps. SPECIAL: ALL FOR $1.00 PARIS IMPORT CO. 4I6S PARK AVE. NEW YORK CITY	Dept. P. FLECTO EVERYBODY WANTS THIS PRIVATE POCKET MIROSCOPE See Sweethearts, friends and what's doing. No one knows by this arrangement you detect secrets. Hard tubbcr unique gadget. Fits eyo as monocle. Mado liko jeweler's glass. Last life time. With X daring, spicy, peppy, FRENCH PIC- TURES (lieal Stuff). *1.10 CASH with Order. No. C. O. D. Shipments. BEYLITE CO., Dept. “S” Box 830	City Hall Port Office New York City FREE CATALOG Of PICTURES, BOOKS and NOVELTIES. Of interest to Men. Stamps appreciated. Howard Sale* Co., Dept. I. Box 529. San Francisco, Cal. LADIES! When delayed or irregular for quick results use O. J. O. Pe- riodio Relief Compound, often moves (stubborn) cases long overduo In 48 hours. Usod by doctors Ss.ro. guaranteed. No interference with work. Mail $2.00, double strength: 2 boxes for *3.75. O. J. O. Laboratories Dept. 212-A, 203 W. N«rth Ave., Chicago WERCO FRENCH TONIC TABLETS . Doublo Strength. A potent tonic and nerve stimulant for men. *2.00 postpaid, in plain wrapper (or C.O.D.. *2.15), 3 boxes for *5.00. Special strength for severe cases. J.I.0U. 2 boxes Special Strength, *5.no. Money back guarantee. WERCO LABORATORIES 205 Middlesex	Lowell. Mass.	Dept. R. BED WETTING and Lack of Control of Urine In Young or Old BANISHED. Instructions FREE. ZEMETO CO., Dept. 40. BOX 1134, MILWAUKEE. WIS. PARIS HOT LOVERS' PHOTOS Taken from Life Poses of French Girls and Fellows. In Passionato Ilot Lovo Scones. The Best French Lovers Photos on tho market. They can't bo Boat. 15 for ?1.00, or 5(1 for *:1.00. all different poeos. Action picture Booklet Free with *»ehAOrte^EZE N0V£LTy H0USe We«t Haven. Conn.	Dept. P-AP-L PARTY PEOPLE Personal introductions to other party people anywhere in Amorica. Full information for stamp. K. COREY. Desk A, Room 502. 524 So. Spring St., Los Angeles. You’re sure to fall For Maggy Maces Likes to neck In nice dark places! ★	★ ★ “It” Never L&sts (Continued from page 74) beauties of every social strata. He reached blindly for the light switch. . . . Mr. Cognocci was in a very sour mood next day when Louis came in. It was almost midnight, and the head barber had failed to materialize, hence Paul had reason to be sore. Louis had never looked such a figure of sartorial perfection as the irritated ton- sorial impresario [glared at his erstwhile head barber. His top coat was fur- collared. Unbuttoned, it revealed a daz- zling glimpse of white shirt front and dark dinner coat. A platinum-headed walking stick was grasped in one dia- monded hand, and a jeweled cigarette holder embraced a gold-tipped cigarette. Outside, Mr. Gognocci glimpsed a limou- sine so large and smart and impressive, with a uniformed chauffeur at the wheel, that Paul almost swooned. Louis grasped his hand in a cordial grip- “Sorry to leave you, boss,” he uttered. “But there’s no further reason for work- ing. I got legally sealed to Natalie this afternoon at the Municipal Bureau, and am now her official hubby. She was only kidding you last night when she chirped her old gent disowned her. She was all washed up on the muggs she met in deah old sassiety, and she was looking for a real man like me. She settled half a million on me the minute the altar chimes boomed.” Mr. Gognocci reeled to a scat and feebly regarded Louis. Then he forced a sick grin.Pep Stories for April, 1932 83 “I wish you luck!” he whispered. “You’ll need it, you poor half-wit! And you were the oaf who said he’d never get married!” “Well,” beamed Louis, ‘‘we all make mistakes, boss—that’s why they have rub- ber mats under cuspidors. You know how it is!” But he applied for his old position with Paul only a Aveek later, nevertheless. Matrimony was too cramping—and Na- talie didn’t find him as thrilling as the first time, he discovered, so, after a week, he reeled home late one night and found a dismissal note pinned to his pillow. That was how poor Louis’ swanky mar- riage blew up in smoke. ¥ * ¥ Love in the Future (Continued from page 58) the comfort of his love, and the re- mainder of the ride was a sweet, floating dream to them both. Only when the taxi came to a shuddering stop before a cluster of bright lights, did he take his lips from hers, or remove his arm from about her waist. Then, reluctantly, he opened the door and helped her alight. Uttering a startled, little cry, she paused, clutching his arm. “Why, Rich- ard,” she whispered, “you haven’t taken me to the Commissioner’s office! This is the airport! What does this mean?” “It means,” he answered, “that you’re quite right in every way. The modern hippogriff you sec before you is the trans- continental plane, ‘Mercury,’ which pauses here to refuel every night before continu- ing its flight to New York. I imagined it would be here at about this time, and unless I’m greatly mistaken, we’ll have just time enough in which to board it.” “You—you mean you’re taking me with you to New York?” she gasped. “You guessed it!” he grinned. “It’ll be a sort of pre-wedding honeymoon, darling. Besides, I want you to meet my father.” “Oh, but the Commissioner will be P. s. don’t WORRY Why put up with | ABOUT years of needless dis- comfort and worry? Try a Brooks Auto- matic Air Cushion. This marvelous ap- pliance permits the opening to close, yet holds rupture secure- ly, comfortably — day and night. Thousands report amazing re suits. Light, neat-fitting. No hard pads, metal girdle or parts to chafe or gouge. Patented in U. S. and 13 foreign countries. Try one 10 DAYS WITHOUT A PENNY’S RISK. You’ll be delighted. Free book on Rupture and convincing facta mailed post- paid in plain sealed envelope. Address BROOKS APPLIANCE CO., 189-A State St. Marshall, Mich. TIME ^MAC Toots fc Casper: Maggie & Jiggs; Peaches A Browmn*; Dumb Dora; Boss & Bubbles; 90 more and 70 rare Frcnah Shotoe. lncl. action photos of men & woman. All for $1.00 01. BELL IMP. CO.. P. O. Box 14, Fordham 8ta., N. Y. C. Dept. P. “PREVENTOSAN FOR MEN** Preferred by millions of man. Prevents Infectious Diseases. If your Druggist cannot sup- ply. 5 tubes wiU be mailed In plain wrapper upon receipt of $1.00. PREVENTOSAN LABORATORY 18 Warren Street. New York. N. Y., Dept. P [DON’T WORRY ABOUT delayed periods from unnatural causes. For quick results use S. P. Monthly Regulars. Moves cases long overdue, many in 48 hours. Safe, harmless, guaranteed. $2.00; Double Strength. $3.00. 2 tor $5.00, postpaid. Snyder Product* Co., Dept. Il-E, 1434 No. Wells St., Chicago. DISEASES— WO MATTER How Bad or Old the Casa or What's the Causo send for FREE Booklet about Dr. Pantor's Treatment used successfully for over 25 years. PANTER REMEDY CO., 54 W. Lake, Room H-605, Chicago CORRESPONDENCE CLUB Hook of photos and descriptions of wealthy mem- bers sent free in plain wrapper. THE EXCHANGE Dept. 102.	Kansas Ctiy, Mo. “MEN ONLY” ... GET NEXT Daring French and Spanish Girl Pictures. Spicy and real- istic books. (Privately printed.) Kind of literature you like but. seldom got. Also latest, imported French novelties, ete. fonlldcntlal particulars, prico lists (sent, sealed) 10c coin. (Adults only.) Address FINEARTS, Dept. 138, No. Blenheim, New York TILLIE AND MAC Jlggs and Maggie, Mutt and JelT. Andy and Min. Cartoons. AJsn 12 Daring Hot French Bedroom Poses, In clear, glossy postcards. And 32 Samples of Beautiful French Models. All for $1.00. SEA-BREEZE NOVELTY HOUSE West Haven, Conn.	Dept. P-AP-TBR RARE BOOKS A Wife's Confession. Madamo Du Barry, Milo. Fill. Facts About Sex, Daughters or Kvo, 26 Men and a Girl. Illicit 1-ove. 25c each, 3 for 50c. All for $1.00 postpaid. Catalog. 10c. UNION SALES CO., 740 W. Madison St., Chioago. III. WOMEN BLOOD84 DAM-ZINE FOR SICK GLANDS CAUSED FROM AGE, DISEASE, Etc. A product of medical research proscribed by phy- sicians in the treatment of starved glands. You take no chances and waste no money. Satisfaction gruarantecd or money refunded. We invite corre- spondence with physicians. Packed 25 Dam-Zines, 51.00: 200 for $5.00. A $1.00 order now means a $5.00 order later. Special physicians offer, 1.000 Dam-Zines. $21.25. All Roods sent in plain sealed packages postpaid. No C. O. D. Send cash or money-order and expect Dam-Zines by first return mail. No delay. Write now. All correspondence confidential. DAM-ZINE LABORATORY Box 101	Columbus, Ohio LONELY? Let me arrange a romantic corres- pondence for you. Find yourself a sweetheart thru America’s foremost select social correspondence club. A friend- ship letter society for lonely ladies and gentlemen. Members everywhere; CONFIDENTIAL introductions by letter; efficient, dignified and continuous service. I have made thou- sands of lonely people happy — why not you? Write for FREE sealed particulars. Evan Moore, Box 908, Jacksonville, Fla. Tillie the Toiler Tho famous cartoon book, only 40c. Also Mutt and Joff. Bringing Up Father, Winnie Winklo, Moon Mullins, '11 U*1 Hot." "Married Life." "Lovers' Secrets." All for $:s.00 by express. Send stamps or money order. PAN-AMERICAN CO.. Dept. P. T. 215	Beaumont St., Manhattan Beach. Brooklyn, N. Y. A NIGHT IN PARIS (KIND MEN LIKE) "Amos ’N- Andy & Madame Queen." "The Old Man Steps Out.” "The Cats Away." "Abie K&bibble.” "Nieht in a Harem." "Fanny and Dan," "Polly." "A Farmer’s Daughter," and 85 more; also G5 French Kiri photos, incl. Men & Women in various poees; all for $1.00 bill.	„ PARK ART CO., 4162 Park Ave., N. Y. City. Dept. P. LADIES Thousands of cases of un- natural MONTHLY pain, irregularity and suppression safely and easily overcome by famous formula composing my Successful Relief Compound. Even some of worst cases yielded in few days after other methods failed. I absolutely Guarantee it harmless, easy to take and will not interfere with duties. Mail $3.00 for Complete Com- bination Treatment. Literature FREE. Write today DR. E. M. PERDUE Suite 602, 8111 Walnut Street, Hannan City, Mo. “Men” Don’t Miss This One! 64 miniature photos of dashing Spanish Senoritas. seductive French Janes, American Gold Diggers, fascinating Italian Maids (taken from life poses) all for 50c (money order), sample assortment P.2 miniatures 25c. Hot Stuff (Nuf sed). Supply limited, confidential particulars, pricelists with each order. Address: REALART STUDIO, Dept. 42, Fultonham, New York. “SNAPPY PHOTOS OF PRETTY GIRLS" Posed In the ‘“Nude"—all "Front Views"—8 for $1.00. 25 for $2,011. Other poses (Side anil Hack Views) 10 for $1.00. 30 for $2.00. "Girls in Dainty Lingerie”—15 for $1.00 (all post card size). Please order by mail and state aoe. CREED. Dept. R. 6441 Cottage Grove Ave.. Chicago. III. Pep Stories for April, 1932 wild if he finds out I’ve defied him by running away!” she exclaimed. “The Commissioner is already aware of your intentions, young woman!” spoke a voice gruffly, and the dark figure of a man detached itself from the shadows and moved forward. “You see, I anticipated that you might try something funny, so I instructed Central to check any call you might make within the next hour. When I learned that your gentleman friend had ordered a taxi, I radioed the officer on the beat to follow it to its destination and report to me. When he informed me it was headed in this direction, I put two and two together. Your gentleman friend was an aviator—therefore, he’d be making for the airport to take off in an- other ship! Thus, I was able in my speedier car, to beat you to your destina- tion. Simple, wasn’t it?—and, if I do say so, a rather good night’s work!” “Oh, but Commissioner!” broke in the girl, “I—we didn’t mean any harm! Mr. Washburn just happened to fall through my skylight in his parachute, and that’s how I came to meet him. We didn’t want to report to you because we—that is, we want to be married!” “Married?” ejaculated the officer. “Well, of course, if that’s the case. You see, my dear, I merely wished to make sure that you were being a good girl and not ruining your reputation by foolish pranks! If your young man possesses a good, clean character, and is worthy in every way, I don’t see-” “Well, Uncle Bill, I’m surprised that you didn’t recognize me when you saw me in the televisor!” interrupted Richard. “Eh ? . . . Why, blast my eyes, if it isn’t Richard!” exclaimed the Commis- sioner, striding forward and grasping his nephew by the hand. “I didn’t know what town I was in till I saw your familiar face when Vaida was phoning,” laughed the young man. “Then I remembered about the Mercury stopping here.” “Oh!” gasped Vaida. “Then your father and the Commissioner—?” “Are brothers!” he finished. “Well, hurry and get your tickets, you young fools!” barked Uncle Bill. “Don’t you see the Mercury is about to take off?”Pep Stories for April, 1932 85 >VhereYou Want it Does ugly, flabby fat spoil your feminine silhouette? Does heavi- ness about the Breasts make you look old and matronly? Do you want to reduce your bust, lift the sag, and restore the firm, shapely contour of youth? Let me tell you how, FREE! Are you one of the thousands of women who are em- barrassed by excess fat that hangs in shapeless, unsightly masses ? Nothing so utterly ruins the beauty of the fem- inine form as a large, heavy bust. Many women find that fat settles here, becomes a flabby weight that drags down the tissues. But now X have a wonderful secret to tell you —I want to show you how easy it is to correct this con- dition. Not just another "fat-reducer” but something ex- pressly for this vital need of women—to reduce the size of the bust and to restore firm, high, rounded contours. Firm, Youthful Con- tours Restored as Fat Goes Ordinary fat-reducing methods are ineffec- tive for this special purpose, because they leave the tissues flabby and drooping. My simple method not only takes off fat. it also tightens and firms the skin, and remoulds the form. You regain the smart shapeliness of the youthful figure. You will be delighted to see how much better your dresses hang— and you won't be ashamed to wear an eve- ning gown, or a bathing suit. Wouldn’t you like to know all about this wonderful new way to get rid of that flabby, ugly fat? Send for the happy news now—I will gladly give you full informa- tion FREE. Mail the Coupon Now That’s all you have to do. There is no cost, no obligation in writing to me. No matter what else you have tried, you will find my method entirely different, for it is designed just for women who have that settled, matronly appear- ance due to accumulation of fat at this particular point, where it is most attractive, where it robs you of what should be the most alluring of feminine charms. Let me tell i/ou hoio to take off flabbv. drooping lot and re$tor« firm, nouthlul shapclineii. Read I "Please accept my heartfelt thanks I I liavo taken olt several inchos and will soon be a per- fect thirty-six. The flabbiness and sag have disappeared, too, and I am delighted with the now sliapoliness of my figure." ”1 have tried everything to reduce my bust, but yours is the only method 1 have found for Just this purpose. It surely does the work and 1 now have a girl- ish silhouetto once more without those heavy drooping lines that made mo look liko an old wo- man." Mail the coupon or write me and I will send you full informa- tion FREE. It doesn’t cost you a penny to get this information, it doesn’t put you under any obligation to buy any- thing. So, if you want to see how easy it is to reduce the size of your bust measure and at the same time to restore sagging, drooping tissues to firm, shapely, rounded contours, mail the coupon or write TODAY. Don’t miss this free opportunity. This offer may never be repeated. DORIS KENT, Dept. B-4 80 East 11th Street, New York, N. Y. "I feel that I must write and tell you how much I appreciate what you havo done for me. 1 always used to feel self-con- scious about my bust. It bad bo- como so largo and flat and ugly. It was really repulsive. Thank9 to you. it is much smaller now and host cf all, has become Urn) and shapely. My whole figure looks ever so much nicer as a result, and years younger." (//7m / jT DORIS KENT. Dept. B-4 f BO E. I Ith St., New York. N. Y. Yos, you may send me FREE INFORMATION AB0CT your new motnod for reducing tho bust and restoring firm, rounded form. Mail j In plain wrapper. / Kamo..................................... M Address........................................ Town............................. State............86 Pep Stories for April, 1932 Broadway Nights o	F course you don’t go to the movies every night; and certainly you don’t go to a musical show every other night, but you can be on Broadway every month and it’s no secret about how to do it, we’re willing to tell you. All you have to do is to tell your newsdealer to hold a copy of BROADWAY NIGHTS for you each month. In this way you won’t be missing a single trick that’s happening on the Main Stem from month to month, for BROADWAY NIGHTS is always on the spot when it comes to the latest gossip about this and that leading lady, and them and those snappy chorines! And the pictures! They say, “Pictures Tell the Story.” Well, you get a copy of this little magazine and see this “pack of peppy pic- tures”. And don’t forget the stories—they fairly ooze the Broadway atmosphere! Get your copy now! On sale everywhere—25c Broadway Nights Try It Yourself! {Continued from page 42) four, driving herself up in her own little sports roadster, Hallam was astonished. In a cute little sports ensemble, with a jaunt} red hat, she looked like a high school girl. He could scarcely control himself while the butler served tea and cakes, and withdrew. She sipped daintily at the tea, and then put down her cup, looking deeply into Hallam’s eyes, with a hunger in her own that had nothing to do with the want for material food. Hallam could not swallow anything. At last he sprang up and went around the edge of the table. He kneeled before her upon the floor, took her slim, vibrant, quivering, untutored little body into his arms, kneeling before her and hugging her closely to him. “Little angel,” he breathed, somewhat thickly, “I adore you. I could worship every inch of you.” “I’ve been waiting,” she said calmly, “years, to hear something like that. Go on.” But Hallam did not waste further words in speech. He glued his lips to hers. He felt her shudder, throw her- self even more tightly against him. Again and again he kissed her, and with each flattening pressure of his lips upon her wet, hot, eager mouth, he felt her more and more suffused with something akin to electricity, expressed in human terms. He kissed her eyes, her cheeks; buried his face in the fragrance of her hair. Let exploring hands test out the smooth warm delights of her young body, without re- sistance or remonstrance from her. At last he picked her up bodily in his arms, carried her across the room, put her down and leaned over her. Her fragrant hands played for a moment over his mouth, then went to his hair and lost themselves in it. He could feel her heart beating like mad against his, and in the depths of her eyes, there was fright, but glad fright. Heedlessly he crushed her slender body in his embrace until he knew, when she winced, that he was hurting her, but that she was not minding it. . . . Afternoon had shaded into early eve- ning before they left the library. When she left, her arms went about his neck andPep Stories for April, 1932 87 At last! An answer to the questions you h»Te hardly dared to ask I Fearless, frank, honest, this great book strips off the veil* of ignoranrc, fear and superstition and reveals the NAKED TRUTH about SCI. Written In simple, every-day language. Here are the faets about the WHY of sex and the HOW of aex. Every man and woman, yonng or mature, married or single, must have this astounding book. JO you know how to lead a healthy, happy sex life? Aro you afraid of becoming pregnant? I Jo your husband's advances disgust you? Would you like to recapture some of tlie tire of courtship and early marriage? Ho you know why "petting' may harm you? Do you know what mirnaec means? Do you know how to give children correct sox instruction? These are only a few of the questions fearlessly and honestly answered by Dr. Wolbarst. Hero is everything you want to know about sex. Hero Is the explanation of overy sex problem you have ever had or evor will have.	. Wby do wo feel passion? Is It right to bide our longing for another or to gratify it? Is the habit of self gratification of sex desire really bad for us? Why are men and women some- times -cold''? Read the simple answers to these and hundreds of other problems in this amazing book. More fascinating tnan a novel—thrilling, amazing—yet EVERY WORD OF IT TRUE. Generation! of Adam shows you tho way to a healthier, happier existence than you ever dreamed pos- sible. No matter what you have read, no matter what you think you know—YOD NEED THIS BOOK. "Worth a thousand times more than I paid for It," writes a doctor. "The Chapter on Hygiene of Marriage alone has been of infinite value to us." a married woman writes. "It takes courage to put a book like this ono out In 'moral’ America, * says another reader. What is this thing called sex? Why do men and women mate and marry r Why does a husband or wife suddenly run off with someone else? SEX is the answer. And sex. until now. has been the riddle of tho universe. Thoso who understood were silent. [Those who did not understand groped in the dark of ignorance or in tho dim. misleading light of half truths. Never before has such a book as this been written for you. Never before has it been possible to get tho frank and friendly advico of so eminent a man. Never before have all the true facts ot every angle of sex been so clearly and fully presented. Answering every quest ion. giving you practical advice on every prob- lem. guiding you to a healthy sex lifo- here, in ono wonderful volume, is an encyclopedia of sex. GENERATIONS OF ADAM By A. L. WOLBARST, M.D. Perhaps you have read some .so called sex lmoks. But you have never read a book liko this! You have never known an authority liko Dr. Wolbarst. nation- ally known specialist. Subjects which aro usually avoided aio fearlessly dealt with in tho challenging pages of this great book. Medical men, newspapers, famous authorities on sox all say "here is tho one book everyone should read.” Com- plete, candid, courageous — GENERA- TIONS OF ADAM was written for YOU. thy SEX life aKD IT ACHIE^ ,t of DIP A n Partial List nlLAI/ oE Contents THIS THING CALLED SEX: The conspir- acy of silence: Our Sex Instinct: Tho Taint of Sin; Sox Morals and Biology; Changing Morals. ADVENT OF PUBERTY: Male and Female; Reproduction; Signs of Puberty; Homo- sexuality. NOCTURNAL EMISSIONS: Nature's Safety Valve: The Sex-Cycle; Seminal Elimination —three methods; Excessive Emissions: Pre- mature Sex Activity; Sex Activity Before Maturity. MASTURBATION: A Universal Practice: In Adult l.ifc: Compared with intercourse; in girls and women. MATURITY: The urge within us: Is absti- nence compatible with health: chastity: ab- stinence not physiologic: sox and marriage; marriage and prostitution. VENEREAL DISEASES AND PROPHY- LAXIS: Three venereal diseases; personal prophylaxis. APPEASEMENT ON GETTING MARRIED: Economics of marriage; Early mairiagc. THE HYGIENE OF MARRIAGE: What men must learn; Mismating and its conse- quences; Fear of pregnancy; Voluntary sterilization; Frigidity and impotence. A SUMMARY AND A PROGRAM: Sex fundamental to lire; Woman's role in gen- eration; .Man's role in generation. Never before. Perhaps never again. Ilero and now is your chance to get this startling book—AT A BIG RE- DUCTION. While they last, you can have your copy of "Generations of Adam” for only $2.08. Three hun- dred and fifty-seven pages cram- med with facts SOX counsel that you could not otherwise buy for hundreds of dollars I Don't miss it! Mail coupon NOW.	, / V. PAGE CO. (Dept. BB-4) 55 East llth Street, New York, N. Y. Pleaso send mo GENERATIONS OF ADAM, by A. I- Wolbarst. M. D. Mail at	once In plain wrapper. I enclose special prioe	of only $2.98! Name 357 big pages of frank sex truths, that answer all your questions, solve all your problems. V. PAGE CO. (Dept. BB-4) 55 E. llth St., New York City Address ................................... Town................................. State.88 Pep Stories for April, 1932 GLOW OF LIFE Helps You Overcome Your Sexual Weaknesses Newest, greatest, most effective and safest sexual rcjuvenator, stimulant and tonic known for weak, deficient, starved and abused conditions of the sex glands caused by impotence, advanced age, sexual excesses, fast living, late hours, nervousness, over- work, worry, disease, ctc. Used by men and women everywhere Easy to take. Results will more than surprise you. Don’t take chances or waste your money on other worthless and harmful preparations, when only Glow of Life can help you. Satisfaction guaranteed or money refunded. All correspondence confidential. Correspondence with physicians invited. Mailed to you in plain sealed package postpaid, 24 tablets for $1.00: 100 for $3.00; 200 for $5.00. Druggists and agents write us for our special proposition. CLOW OF LIFE LABORATORIES CO. Depl. P-9, P. O. Box 744, Columbus, Ohio DIRECT FROM PARIS	- Realistic Photos of Life and Love Private edition. Each set 10 photos. No. 1—Paris Love.	No. 4—Girls—School jffe No. 2—He & She & How. No. 5—French Kisses r No. 3—Lovely Embraces. No. G— Tillie & Mac • (Heal French odition) Each Set 81.—Two Sots $2.—& Miniature Set of 36 cards FUKK. SPECIAL A 1,1. SIX SETS ONLY $5— and tho best Hook of I.ove anil Passions "THE SCHOOL OF LOVE" < Illust.) FREE. Mailed sealod by 1st class mail. Rapid & DISCKKET sorvico. No COD. from Paris.—M. MARCO. 48 Rue Daguerre, Dept. Y. S., Villa 3. Paris, I4e. France. T<bTS&CASPER The "BEAL STUFF”—Barney Google & Spark Plug. lioob McNutt & 1’oarl. TiUio the Toiler. Harold Teon & Llllums. Winnie Winkle, The Gumps. Nicht in Paris. 87 more and French pkg. with 67 Renuine French photos. AH for $1.00 bill. Bell Imp. Co., P. 0. Box 14, Fordham Sta., N. Y. C. Dept. P. THE STUFF YOU’LL LIKE "Winnie Winkle." "Gu3 & Gussle." "Mama & Papa." "Mother Evo." "Barbary Kato," "The French StonoRraph- er." "Mabel's Letter to Hubby." "Only a Telephone Girl." "Man and Woman." "Her Turn." ••Maggie & Jiggs." ‘/Dumb Dora." "Black Bottom." "Farmer’s Daughter." “Peaches & Browning." "Chicken Food.” "Naughty Rose." “A Merry Widow."—20 moro included: also 04-pago book- let of 9 different French Stories; "French Tips”—15 French Style Pictures—Railroad Jokes and a Whoopee Surprlso Nov- elty Packago. All for $1.00. Absoluto satisfaction Guar- anteed. MELROSE PUBLISHING CO., Suite 610. 7 East 42nd St.. New York City. On Prof. Dupree’s French Spe- cific Pills of Pennyroyal, Tansy and Cottonroot. Standard 35 years. $2 a box. Three boxes, $5. Also treatment—including dozen Supposi- tories, Dupree Tabs, and Dupree Pills—all for $3.00. DllPKEE MEDICAL CO. Dept. P, 18 Warren St., N. Y. KIP & ALICE 3Vonoh Stenographer, A Model’s Life. Adam & Evo. A Bachelor’s Dream, Boss A.- Bubbles. Maggie & Jiggs. Poaches & Browning; 40 more and latost Tillie & Mac: also 40 raro type of photo pict.. and 5 Frenchy stories; all oomp. for $1.00 bill. (KXTHA: SPBCIAL PKO. $2.00.) BOROUGH HOV. CO.. 4162 Park Ave.. New York City. Depl. P. Oh Boy REAL ART, UNDRAPED LOVERS Love Scenes of Men and Women in Passionate Love Poses, in tho Nudo. Hi different photos, in postcard sino. for SI.00. Sold to men ovor 21 only. CARRANO NOVELTY CO. West Haven, Conn.	Dept. P-AP-NL she clung. Her lips settled hotly upon his and clung. “Please, please . . .” he begged, “mar- ry me.” “But I hardly know you,” she pro- tested. “Don’t you love me?” he asked, in mystification. “Yes . . . but I don’t want to aban- don all my plans right at the outset. You thrill me terribly . . . but you couldn’t keep on thrilling me forever, I’d get tired of you. Every woman, if she’s honest, I imagine, must get tired of even the most perfect lover after awhile. Can’t we just have our glorious days of love while you’re down here; and then when you go away you’ll be free, and I’ll be free, and both of us, later, will have lots more of splen- did love affairs with others . . . that’s life. Why should we, especially when we are both young, tie ourselves up in matri- mony?” “That’s what I’ve always believed,” Hallam admitted, regretfully, “until I met you. Now you’ve changed every- thing. I want you for my own, for- ever. . . “Sorry,” she said regretfully, “I’ll come every day while I’m on my vacation . . . but, after that, back to school, and back to my career.” And he could urge her no further to declare herself. He was regretfully forced to let her drive on, without further assurances. It was some time after she went that the phone rang. It was she. “Oh please . . .!” she said, excitedly, “leave Westmorland Towers, instantly; go back up north. I forgot about the servants. All the servants over there know all of our servants, and they are inveterate gossips. Some of them called up over here, and father knows I spent the afternoon alone with you. He’s in- sane with rage. On his way over there now with a shotgun. Get out, quick.” “I won’t stir a step,” Hallam said de- fiantly. “Don’t be a silly motion picture hero,” she said, petulantly, “or you’ll ruin the memories I’ll always keep of you other- wise. Run. That’s the only sensible thing for a young man to do under thePep Stories for April, 1932 circumstances. And don’t stop until you’re back north again.” “But if he knows," Hallam pointed out, “he may harm you.” “Nonsense,” she said. “I have my own fortune in my own right, left me by my mother and grandmother; he can’t touch it. All he can do is bawl me out, and he’s done that lots of times before. That’s why he’s in such a rage at you—because he can’t do anything to me. You must g0 At last, Hallam was regretfully forced to agree with her. He started in a lei- surely way to pack; but while he was do- ing so, he heard a car stop before the Towers. He looked out of a window. What he saw seemed to take all the stiff- ness out of his knees. There was a very resolute looking man with a shotgun. Hallam sped down the back stairs. Fled out the back way. He had a good run- ning start across the fields before he saw, coming behind him, the figure with the shotgun. And he ran and ran, until nightfall overtook him and made his pur- suer give up the chase. It was two days later that Hallam walked into his Park Avenue apartment. Carl was in bed, groaning. He exclaimed, as he saw Hallam: “Gee! I’m glad you’re back. I can’t stand it any longer. Girls! Girls! Girls! I never can find a bed in the house that hasn’t got one under it or on it or hiding in a closet; I don’t ever want to see any more sophisticated young ladies as long as I live. And my head is splitting—this awful New York liquor. And my stom- ach . . . I’m going to have a new one; this hideous food.” “Boy, I’m sure glad you’re sick of our bargain,” Hallam told him enthusias- tically. “I don’t ever want to see or hear of an innocent girl as long as I live. And I loathe the noise crickets make, and corn bread chokes me. . . . And that rotten corn liquor you’ve got down there is poi- sonous. I don’t see how you can stand such a place.” “And I don’t see how you stand this one,” Carl moaned. And then they both grinned and shook hands. “We’ve both learned something,” Hal- lam pointed out. 89 TILLIE and MAC Maggie and Jiggs, Dumb Dora, The French Stenographer, A Bachelor's Dream, Adam and Eve. Kip and Alice. Peaches and Browning. A Model’s Life. Boss and Bub- bles. also 100 PICTURES OF ACTRESSES AND GIRLS IN DIFFERENT POSITIONS. 14 lively pictures of a voting couplo beforo and after marriage. Sco what they ao. Confidential advice for young maidens and boys. WHAT TOMMY SAW UNDER THE PARLOR DOOR. “Private” tips for men and women. A great love aud 6ox poem. 15 different versions of love. Set of the richest cards out (wait till you sec them). 110W TO CAUSE VARIOUS DREAMS. GAY LIFE IN PARIS, etc.. etc. All for $1.00 You may send cash, stamps or money order. NOVELTY IMPORT CO. Room 216, 1270 Broadway. New York City. LEARN TO DANCE All the Latest Dancei All dances, including th6 latest, can bo learned over- night, at home, without a teacher, musio or partner. Amazingly simple. Don’t be a back number. Be smart, popular by learning to dance. Price only SI. Send cash, stamps or Money Order to Broadway, New York Clly. Rare Art Photos Beautiful, young, daring girls. The kind men like, but seldom get. Guaranteed the best and lowest price in America. 120 Poses for SI. 280 poses for S2. You may send cash, stamps or money order. STERLING SALES COMPANY. 506 Flatiron Building.	New York City. LILY TABS A Feminine Necessity Uly Tabs aro an indispensable sanitary necessity for every woman of daintiness and relincment. Tho perfect safe- guard against vaginal uncleanlinoss and germ infection, relieving the causes of many discomforts and embarrass- ments. A box containing twenty-four Lily Tabs with directions will be sont to you for tho prico of one dollar. You may send cash, stamps or money order. PARA SOMPANY. 175 Fifth Avonue, New York City. French Photos The real stuff. French lovers In thrilling and exotic love scenes copied from negatives imported from France. 30 for $1.0(1. Sond cash, stamps or money order. Casanova Pub. Co., 1181 Broadway, New York City. BOSS and BUBBLES Tillio and Mac, Maggie and Jiggs, Dumb Dors, The French Stenographer, A Hachelor’s Dream. Adam and Kve. Kip and Alice. Peaches and Browning. A Model’s Life. Also 10 rare French photos of handsome men and beautiful women in thrilling lovo scenes, all for SI.00. You may send cash, stamps or money order. IMPERIAL NOVELTY CO.. 949 Broadway, N. Y. City. DERE MABLE ’’Only a Boy"—the most amazing book over written. A book of Ix>ve Letters from a Doughboy to his Sweetie. Road them and live with the Rookie through all his ad- ventures. Get it while our stock lasts. Price SI. Send cash, stamps or M. O. to CASANOVA PUB. CO.. 1181 Broadway. New York City.90 Pep Stories for April, 1932 Spicy Stories EIGHT snappy stories chuck full of fun, frivolity and frolics. Oodles and oodles of bright, hilarious side-split- ting jokes. Clever cartoons drawn by PEN-handlers who know their stuff when it comes to humor. Peppy illustrations that bring to life the already lively heroines and heroes of SPIGY’S stories. Swinging, lilting, rollick- ing poems, gorgeously illus- trated. Fritzi Wood, that con- noisseur on love, marriage, broken hearts, cocktail reci- pes, or what have you, and her famous column, “Ask Me Anything.” Juggle ’em up, roll ’em up, shake ’em up—and what’ve you got? Magnolia? No— SPICY STORIES! The magazine for moderns, that’s what we’re talking about. If you haven’t bought your copy, you’re old fash- ioned, ’way behind the times. Change your system; read: Spicy Stories On sale everywhere—25c “You bet,” Carl agreed, “and that is, to be satisfied with what you’ve got and not envy the other fellow.” “Check!” echoed Hallam. “Double it!” echoed Carl. ★	★ ★ A Woman of Many Loves (Continued from page 34) to discover there are things of the spirit, of the soul, that count. It irked her at times to realize that she wasn’t sufficient to satisfy Clive’s every need. She was a little jealous of the fact that, in addition to her, he needed, to the extent of utter unhappiness if they were denied him, a certain brand of cigarets and wine, and clothes made by one par- ticular tailor in London. On the sixth day of their marital bliss, Aunt Martha stalked in on them. She found Clive seated on the chaise longue in Alicia’s boudoir, with Alicia on his lap. Both were in shocking—to Aunt Martha, at least—undress. “I heard the rumor that you were mar- ried to this notorious red-headed adven- turess,” Aunt Martha sizzled, “but I won’t believe it until I hear it from your own lips.” Clive arose and faced his irate relative with as much hauteur as his scanty wear- ing apparel would permit. “You heard the truth,” he said firmly. “Once, when 1 was hardly more than a boy, you bluffed me into acting like a cad. This time it’ll be different. Alicia and I love each other, and I’m going to stick to her. And I must ask you, Aunt Martha, not to refer to my wife as an adventuress.” Aunt Martha almost snorted. “Adven- turess!” she spat contemptuously. “Not call the woman the men-about-town know as The frozen Flame an adventuress! Poor boy, what a blind fool you are about this woman! Well, I’m giving you your last chance, Clive. If you’re not at my hotel by noon, alone, ready to go back to New York with me, I’m through with you. I disown you, disinherit you. You can starve with your adventuress!” She turned and flounced toward the door.Pep Stories for April, 1932 91 “You’ve held the club of your money over my head long enough, Aunt Mar- tha!” Clive flung after her. “It’s time that I became a man and worked for my living!” Aunt Martha sniffed her scornful de- rision over one fat, satin-clad shoulder before slamming the door shut behind her. Six months. Six months that worked drastic changes in Clive and Alicia, al- though he was the one who changed the most. Petulant, haggard under the lash of poverty, he even became doubtful of Alicia’s fidelity. Even as he surlily ac- cepted a livelihood from the francs she earned by modeling for the artists in the quartier, he cast veiled but none the less virulent innuendos about her virtue. Bit- ter quarrels. There was something that could be nothing less than stark hatred in Clive’s eyes sometimes as he glared at Alicia. He was like a plant that only thrives in the sunshine and rich soil of wealth; without these he became merely rotting vegetation. Finally, one afternoon, when Clive re- turned to the miserable room at a cheap little pension, he found what he should have been expecting, a note pinned to one of the pillows. It read: Staying on together is becoming in- tolerable, Clive, dear. 1 can’t stand it any longer, so I am going with Rene Latour on his sketching tour in Egypt. Good-bye—and try to forgive and forget.	Alicia. The note stabbed Clive like a white- hot dagger. He took to drinking heavily with what money lie could scrape up. Oblivious of cold and rain, he would tramp about aimlessly for hours at the time. One day he went to bed with a bad cold. The doctor the neighbors in the adjoining apartments summoned soon di- agnosed his ailment as influenza. There came a night finally when in the final crisis his soul hovered between an earthly and heavenly destination, undecided in which direction to take flight. When Clive opened sane, conscious eyes, with the battle won for an earthly stay, he was surprised to find both Alicia DOES YOUR DOCTOR KNOW THE TRUTH? Would YOU like lo know what HE knov.s about FEMININE HYGIENE and how you may eociire compute protec- tion by using tho CHEXA FEM W«r7 Not an old make-nmrt under a new name, but an entirelydifferentCOMBINATION METHOD now being npproved and recommended by alert physicians orery whore. . Qaick, ewy.safe and ECONOMICAL. Not Just an ordinary antiseptic, bnt a COMBINATION that is more certain than carbolic acid, yot harmless oven to tho mouth. CHEXA FEM Cones are NEW. Made possible by very recent laboratory discoveries end positively NEVER OFFEND BEFORE except by prescrip, tion. Can be used any time, anywbero, without delay, embarraiisment, or tell-tale odor: highly conrenlent when traveling’, etc. Unmarried women, wives, and mothers — the problem of each is discussed fully and proper method is describod in detail. CDCC Special offer Including large box of CHEXA FEM rifCC Cones and authoritative book of over six thousand words covering every phase of the subject: anatomy of sex. monstruation, confinement, etc. Book FREE with box of Cones if you act at once. - -MAIL COUPON TODAY— m mmmmmmm COVINGTON PHARMACAL COMPANY. Dopt. P. Covington, Ky. Please send me a large box of CHEXA FEM Cones together with scien- tific hook on Feminine Hygiene. I enclose ono dollar. You are to refund my money if I am not entirely satisfied. NAME....................................................................... ADDRESS................................................................. If you are a MOTHER and want SPECIAL information, cheek hero Q Free To Men “VIGOR TABLETS" If you want to know what a UKAL medloino Is like—a safe, snappy tonic-stimulant, write for trial package of my famous “Vigor Tablets" sent free, sealed, ready to u.so. Used by men everywhere whin other treatments failod. PIER CO., 52A-74 Cortlandt Street, New York WINNIE WINKLE KOR MEN ONLY: “A Merry Widow,” "Mother Evo," "Mama & Papa,” "Mabel's Letter To Ilubby," "Barbary Kate." 30 moro, incl. tho now Tillio & Mao. etc. Also 24 French stylo pictures. The complete works for SI bill. UNIVERSAL CO.. 4166 Park Ave„ N. Y. City. Dept. P. Rare English Books and Photo Novelties Most choice of models in all poses and 11 sizes. Catalogue and samples for $1.00, $2.00. S3.00. $5.00, $10.00. MME. CELESTA. Dept. P. Villa Moderns, Montrouge, Seine, France. REAL ACTION PICTURES Imported From Germany Men and Women scenes, in l,Ife-l.ik<> Poses. Six different scouos and 32 samples of imported Beautiful French Models, all for SI.00. SEA-BREEZE NOVELTY HOUSE West Haven. Conn.	Dept. P-AP-AP LADIES IIVPICMC hours- No pain nor inconvenience. Safe, M I UILNL harmless. Double strength $2; 3 boxes $6. ROGERS REMEDY CO.. Dept. 0-6. 6052 Harper. Chicago When delayed uie Dr. Rogers' "Relief Compound." Safely re- lieves stubborn cases, often in 4892 Pep Stories for April, 1932 “This PASSION CALLED LOVE” The Philosophy oS Love A daring book by Elinor Glyn—brimful of naked truths, unashamed facts, frank discussions, and intimate secrets of love ami marriage. Ruined romances and blasted mar- riages are due to ignorance of vital questions which are laid bare in this amazingly frank book which reveals the most Intimate relations of men and women. It contains EVERYTHING the curious, inexperienced youth and the most blase much-married di- vorcee might want to know, from the first awakening of youthful lovo to the full flowering of the grand passion:—how to win love, hold love, restore love;—how to charm, fascinate, captivate;—mis- takes. marriage, birth control;— wisdom, warnings, vamping;—pet- ting. honeymooning, mating; win- ning whom you want by arousing response;—deception, infidelity, outwitting "third party," etc. An aidless source of Intimate. Intriguing information — in the frank words of the present-day youth, answering any question you might evon hesitate to ask your closest frionds—answers to ft bride, and others, which of oourso cannot be mentioned here. Simply Priceless Secrets that will change your loneliness to happi- ness. your longings to joy in pos- sessing. Send money order or etamps for $1.88. PAN-AMERICAN CO., Dept. P. T. 216	Beaumont St.. Manhattan Beach, Brooklyn, N. Y. Warning! This book will not bo sold to anyone below 18. State age when ordering. Strictly Secret Sent sealed In plain wrapper. Must be pre- paid. No C. O. D. ship- ments. SdrWmm o/ih/ \ Why worry about delayed periods from unnatural causes. Get Quick Results, using FEMINESE— I Liquid-Tablet Relief. Used by doctors. Moves cases long overdue. Pleasant, safe, no interference any duties. Satisfaction guaranteed treatment $2.95. Postage if C.O.D. Specially Compounded for Very Obatinate Cases $5.00. Illustrated Folder Free with [order. PETONE CO.. Dept.6-P.S.St. Louis Mo. REAL ACTION PHOTOS DIRECT FROM PARIS Men and Women. Scenes in life, liko actions. Consisting of 6 various series of 15 photos each. Each set. $1. Tho six series together, $5 only.	„	■ With tour additional books in English, all illustrated and very curious (for adulls only), $10. Discreet and quick expedition against cash payment. C. SUZANNA (H). I. rue Blondel. PARIS. 2e. FRANCE Fortune Telling Cards The world-famous fortune teller. Madame LcNormand's own secret system and dock of cards In colors. Anyone knowing the key may read (hem at at glance. ''Tell for- tunes" at parties, bazaars, or at. home for your own amuse- ment. Send Jl—check, stamps, or money order. PAN-AMERICAN CO.. Dcflt., P. T. 215 Beaumont St., Manhattan Beach. Brooklyn. N. Y. ■ ■pkl 1(H) pictures of actresses and pretty girls. BW1 r* 1*1 * 11 lively pictures of a young couple, before and alter marriage. Confidential advice for young maidens and boys. What Tommy saw under tho parlor door. Private tips for men and women. A great lovo and sex poem. All for 25c. _ ..... P. WINKLER. 331 - 14th St., Brooklyn. N. Y. MARRY! BIG ILLUSTRATED BOOK with description sent in plain wrapper for ten cents. BONAFIDE COMPANY Dept. 30,	Kansas City, Mo. and his Aunt Martha standing beside his bed. Alicia sank to her knees beside him and cuddled his head against the softness of her bosom. “I didn’t go with Latour,” she said softly. “I wrote that just because I was angry and wanted to hurt you. Your aunt was in Marseilles and I happened to know it, so I went to her instead to plead with her to come and help us straighten ourselves out. They cabled her in the States about your illness and the message was relayed to her in Marseilles. Oh, Clive, get well for both our sakes—Clive, darling, I love you—always have.” “I will, Alicia, precious. And I’m going to work and be a different man!” Clive promised, a light of grim determina- tion in his eyes. But Aunt Martha, as usual, had the last word. And this time it was inspired by that “good-sport” part of her that un- fortunately sometimes lay dormant. “You don’t know how to work and it wouldn’t agree with you, Clive. I reared you as a child of luxury, and it’s my fault if you’re accustomed to it,” she said with her usual dominant finality. “From now on you get an allowance that will permit you two kids to have a glorious good time.” ★	★ ★ Susan Surrenders (Continued from page 26) “Go downstairs and tell Mr. Geoffrey Dale that unless he gives you enough money to buy me a new outfit, we’ll tell his wife that he’s been playing around with a chorus girl.” “A new outfit?” “Yes. You don’t expect me to leave here in my underwear, do you?” Susan dimpled. The young man looked her over with distinct approval. “1 don’t expect you to leave here like that, no,” he answered. “I expect you to stay that way.” Susan blushed. “What do you mean ?”Pep Stories for April, 1932 “I mean,” the artist answered, “that I’m hiring you right now to pose tor 9* me. Susan didn’t reply in so many words. But she crossed the room, picked up her magazine samples, and tossed them out the window. ★	★ ★ KISSES FOR THE KING By Robert Leslie Bellem He was a great ruler and all his subjects loved him, except for one thing—he didn’t want to marry any of the princesses they in- troduced to him. He said “blah” to each one of them. Finally, he met a girl. And what a girl! Why, he’d pass up any number of rich but homely princesses for a cute little trick like her. She certainly was a “dainty dish to set before the king”! Read Bob Bellem’s latest masterpiece in the May PEP STORIES. ★	★ ★ Waiting for a Thrill {Continued from page 18) she retired she locked the door and pushed the bureau in front of it. She wasn’t taking any chances with Elmer and besides he had told her he liked her! 93 Rupture No Longer Spoils My Fun "Now that I am rid of my rupture and do not wear a truss. I enjoy dancing again. Many strenuous activities are pleasures, because I am not handicapped in any way. My work is no longer a task— I enjoy it. No one would ever believe I was crippled by rupture.” This is the way people write us after ridding them- selves of rupture by using STUART'S ADHESIF PLA- I’AO-I’ADS. Stacks of sworn endorse- ments report success—without delay from work. Plapao-Pads cling to the body without straps, buckles or spring. Easy to apply— economical and comfortable. Convince yourself by ac- tually testing Plapao at our expense. Send coupon to- day. Test of Factor "PLAPAO” |— — — —MAIL COUPON BELOW TO-DAY----) j Plapao Laboratories. Inc.	i j 12 Stuart Bldg.. St. Louis. Mo.	! j Send me FREE Trial Plapao and 48-page book on	■ I	Rupture. No charge for this now or later.	jj I	I | Name ..............................................................................................j I	I | Address ...................................... _l RED HOT GET NEXT One oP Cleopatra's Nights (G4 paces): A Model’s Life: Only a Boy; Only a Girl; Bride's Confession; GirLs’ Board- ing School: Tlllie & Mac; Boss & Bubbles; Peaches & Browning; Kip & Alice; Fannie 111)1; 12 Love letters, read 2	ways; and 16 genuine photographs of French men and women in different positions. Prepaid $1. Stato ago. P. S. Pierce Importing Co., Box 2, City Island, N. Y. WOMEN.' Our_ valuable catalog of Sanitary rubber goods and feminine Hygiene sent free for 2c stamp. Write today. NATIONAL SALES CO.. Dept. PS-71 1476 Broadway	New York City TILLBE & MAC Original comie pictures. Tillle & Mac: Winnie Winkle: Maggie & Jiggs: Moon Mullins; The Gumps. Any 2 books. $1. All 5 for ?2. Stamps accepted. CLINTON HOLDEN. 45 Robert St., Attleboro, Mass. WEALTHY LADIES MEN WANTED Rich Widows. Lovely Girls—want a sweetheart. (Write for FREE confidential List.) MARY K. HILL 1385 Motion Building	Chicago, III.94 Pep Stories for April, 1932 VIM-VIGOR-VITALITY Men—Women—Regain that lost pep that endears you to the opposite sex. Our newest FULLER PEP TONIQUE TABS will help you to rejuvenate your sexual weaknesses. The wonderful results from using these tabs will surprise you. Sent sealed, plain wrapper, pre- paid, $2.00 cash or $2.15 C.O.D. Special strength containing a gland product for use in severe cases $3.00. Satisfaction guaranteed or money refunded. One box free if two of either kind are ordered. PRINCESS ANNE MFG. CO. P. 0. Box 693, Dept. H - 64 Baltimore, Md. French Love Drops An enchanting exotic, seductive, tantalizing per- fume of irresistible charm, clinging for hours like lovers loath to part. Just a few drops is enough. Full size bottle, $1.50. Directions of how best to use and Oriental Passion Powder both at $2.00 cash with order. HE-MO CO., Depi. P. T. City Hall Poet Office, Box 830, New York City. Learn to Dance All the latest dances. Learn almost overnight at home, without teacher, music or partner. No em- barrassment. New amazingly simple chart method. Saves the expense of costly correspondence courses or private teachers. Complete with 49 illustrations, 323 large pages, clothbound. Only $1.98. Send money order, check or stamps. PAN-AMERICAN CO., Dept. P. T. 215 Beaumont St., Manhattan Beach, Brooklyn, N. Y. Have You a Good Line? The “1,200 Quotations” in the “Lover's Companion” gives you a “line” for which they all fall. Im- passioned. brilliant, witty! Priceless to all who would succeed with the opposite sex. The most brilliant words ever written about Love and Pas- sion. Sweep ’em right off their feet with these brilliant sayings. Open the door to their hearts with the ardent words of the great writers. The appropriate words to meet every occasion of Love. Send SI.50—stamps, check or money order. PAN-AMERICAN CO.. Dept. P. T. 215 Beaumont St., Manhattan Beach. Brooklyn, N. Y. LADIES! DR. CIIEESEMAN’S PIT,US Kivo positivo relief in stub- born cases. Harmless, no pair.. Best for over 100 soars. Doublo strength. $2 box. Pealed. Dr. H. CHEESEMAN. II E. 12th St., New York City LONELY? Meet your sweetheart. Receive interesting letters, photos, ilany attractive, wealthy members. Send stamp. K. BRAUN. 353 W. 47th, Chicago. III. Punkie usually arose about eleven o’clock in the yawning. She Jiked to pound the pillow to the last minute. However, the son of the big bacon and ham man knockcd on her door at nine sharp. Punkie remembered she had to go shopping so she popped out of bed, slipped out of her chiffon nightie and dressed only in her own pink satin skin dashed into an orchid bathroom and drew her own bath. She enjoyed lolling in the warm scented water, lathering her- self from her soft white throat down to her ten little pink toes. Then she rinsed it all off under the shower, rubbed her- self dry until her body was a glowing pink flower, and quickly dived into a lavender satin teddy, chiffon hose, slippers and dress, which Wilmerding had said she would find in the closet. Then he smug- gled her out and took her to Child’s for breakfast. “Remarkable how well Eve’s things fit you,” Wilmerding said. “That dress is highly becoming. You look almost like a lady in it.” “Thank you, you overwhelm me,” Punkie murmured. “By the way, what is a lady?” Wilmerding tested his plate of prunes and blinked. “I don’t know unless it’s a woman in nice clothes. No matter. We’ll go shop- ping directly, kill time around town and about four shove off for Pilot Light. There’s a little inn down there where you can dress and stay until you’re ready to crash Sandy Page’s place. Satisfac- tory ?” “Yes,” Punkie drawled. “But I want my pay in advance. I don’t want to be gyped if anything goes wrong tonight.” “Nothing will go wrong because 1 shall coach you carefully. As for the money I can’t pay you until you buy the eve- ning gown. 1 will have to deduct the price of it from the amount you are to receive. After all, two hundred was my highest offer.” Punkie stared at him across her stack of wheat cakes. “I’ll bet,” she said softly, “you’re very, very rich. You should be with that clever financial mind of yours.’’ ShePep Stories for April, 1932 95 laughed. “I’ll also bet that Morgan gnashes his teeth every time he sees you.” “You’re trying to be humorous,” Wil- merding said. Punkic let it go and they went shop- ping. He took her to a certain Fifth Avenue establishment where stunning eve- ning frocks were as thick as fleas at a dog show. Wilmerding wanted to stick around the fitting room when Punkie tried on some tasty numbers. It was only by threatening to call the manager that she made him act his weight and stay outside. “One of them fresh monkeys, eh?” the saleslady murmured. “One of them kind who go through life with an eye at the keyhole.” “One of the kind,” Punkie agreed, “who end up hiding under beds and being shot at by husbands returning unexpect- edly home. Don’t think he’s a pal of mine. I’m just working for him.” “I don’t envy you,” the woman said. “By the way, did anybody ever tell you that you look like Cynthia Jerris?” “Where do I look the most like her?” Punkie asked with genuine curiosity. The saleslady thought it over. “I’ve only seen her photograph in the brown section of the Sunday newspaper. You wear your hair differently and I think your face is a little fuller.” The evening gown was finally selected, paid for and wrapped up. By that time it was lunch hour. Wilmerding dragged her into Child’s again for a sixty cent banquet. There was something in his look that made Punkie frown. It was a sort of combination of leer and sneer. It blended a covetous smirk with an ogle. It failed to make Elmer Wilmerding any more attractive. “You certainly did look smart in that evening gown, Mary. You’ve got a re- markably fine figure. Do you know, you interest me a great deal. Next month I have to go to Havana. I might take you with me.” “Havana? Isn’t that where they make cigars?” Punkic drawled. “Oh, I’d just love it. I’ve always wanted to see how they make cigars.” “How arc you going to spend the time until four o’clock?” he asked presently. WITHOUT GLASSES Natural Eyesight ystem Makes Them Unnecessary low Used in over 30 Countries Send for FREE information telling how Revolutionary Invention makes it easy to correct Nearsight, Farsight, Astigmatism Eyestrain, Weak Eyes, Failing Vision, Old Age Sight, Eye Muscle Trouble, Etc., at home without glasses. NATURAL EYESIGHT INSTITUTE, Inc. Dept. 24-N	Los Angotos, Cat. LADIES I	positively guarantee my great successful _ “Relief Compound.” Safely relieves some of the long- est. stubborn and unusual cases in three to five days. For Over a Quarter of a Century women from all over the country have used this compound with remarkable results. Testimonials without number. No harm, pain or interference with work. Mail {a.00. Double strength, $3.00. Booklet Froo. Write today. Dr. A. N. Southington Remedy Co.	Kansas City, Mo. $-ALWAYS HAVE LUCK!-$ Unlucky in Money Caines, Love or Business? You should carry a pair ol Senuine MYSTIC BRAHMA RED LIVE IIGHLY MAGNETIC LODESTONES. Rare, Amazing, Compelling. Attractive, these LIVE LODESTONES are carried by Occult Oriental people as a POWER* FUL LUCKY CHARM, one to prevent Bad Luck, Evil and Misfortune, and tha other to attract much Good Luck, Love, Happiness, and Prosperity. Special only $1.97 for the two. With valuable instructions FREE. Pay postman $1.97 end 15c. postage on delivery. Satisfaction or money refunded. You tan be LUCKYI Order yours TODAY! Dent. 31. P. S. BUREAU. General P. 0. Bo* 72, BROOKLYN. N Y. NOTICE! We absolutely GUA8ANTEE these genuine Mystic Brahma Lodeslones are ALIVE! Just what yon want, for they arc the REAL THING—POWERFUL, HIGHLY MAGNETIC! GET YOURS NOW/ HOW TO MAKE LOVE Many fascinating secrets of lovo-makinK explained in “How to Make Love." Ilow to overcome bashfutne-ss. coldness, girlish reserve. How to put the (iuos- tion. instructions for briilo and groom, etc. Priceless to all who would suc- ceed with tho other sex—and "Jlow to Write l.ovo Letters." with many successful ex- amples. CI.OTHHOUND and gold lettering. Rofh for J1 IS. Send cash, stamps or M. O. Wo pay postago. FRANKLIN ART PRESS, 141 5th Avo., N.Y.C. Dept. L.L.P. HAPPY DAYS FOR YOU! With a pat good and truo. Moot your ideal. Bandy little ladies, desirable gentlemen, evorywhoro, many wealthy. Particulars FRICK. Mr*. BUDD, Box 753-P, San Francisco, Calif.96 Pep Stories for April, 1932 Paris Frolics P VERYBOD Y’S going to Paris these days, and they’re sailing, full steam ahead, on the good ship PARIS FROLICS. Wanna come along? All you have to do is hop down to your newsdealer on the corner and get the current issue of that snappiest of snappy magazines, and you’ll be right with us. PARIS FROLICS takes you to all the interesting places in that gay city. Think of seeing the Folies Bergere for a quarter! All the swanky night clubs and cabarets! All the Apache dance halls, dives, and hide- aways where love and pas- sion hold sway and the bonds of convention are broken! Visit a party in some artist’s studio down in the Latin Quartier and find out what fun a REAL party can be! You’ll have the time of your life, we promise you. Paris Frolics On sale all over for two bits “In a beauty parlor. No girl ever went to a party without first being fixed up. You’ll have to advance me some more money, Elmer. I suppose it will come out of my fee, also. Say, by the time I finish this racket I’ll be owing you money. And all because I happen to look like a society girl!” Wilmerding left her at a beauty shop on Fifty-seventh Street. It was the place Punkie always went for waves, washes and the fixings. The handsome Adolph took her immediately. ‘Adolph,” Punkie said, “this is a deli- cate subject I address you on. Study me carefully and tell me what you can sug- gest to alter my appearance slightly. To- night I’ve been dated to make hoop-a- dooley. In case you don’t know it hoop- a-dooley means a grand toot with all stops wide open and a foot on the gas pedal. What would you suggest to change my looks enough to make anyone who had seen me before just uncertain as to whether I was really Cynthia Jer- ris or—ah—Mary O’Brien?” Adolph touched the waxed tips of his mustache. He was a swell worker, an artist in his way. He held a comb like a baton and gestured expressively. “I would recommend a shade of gold in your hair. Possibly a trifle more arch to your brows. A little carefully applied shading to the lids of each eye would help with the addition of a shadow dim- ple to the left of the mouth where there is no dimple at present. If Miss Jerris wishes—” “Miss Jerris does!” Punkie said. “Go right ahead—shoot the works and re- member—women and children first!” When it was all over and Punkie re- garded herself in the mirror she saw she was the same and yet oddly different. Her midnight hair now contained a glimmer- ing tawny motif. Adolph had waved it a brand new way and her delicate, silken brows were shaped so her expression was piquantly new. Then, too, the shadow dimple engineered into her chin helped vastly. Punkie nodded. “Masterly work, Adolph, the touch of pure genius.” “Thank you, Miss Jerris. May I sayPep Stories for April, 1932 97 I hope your hoop-a-doolcy will be enter- taining?” “It’s got to be good—and it will be!” Punkie smiled. When she met Elmer Wilmerding he gave her a puzzled look. “My sainted aunt! What have you done to yourself? You look different!” “That’s why beauty parlors make money,” she told him serenely. “If a girl wanted to look the same she wouldn’t go to one. As it is you enter looking that way and exit looking this way. And all for a few dollars in good New York currency.” “But,” Wilmerding protested, “you don’t look so much like the Jerris girl now. And that’s why I hired you!” “That’s just too bad,” Punkie mur- mured. “What do you want me to do— quit cold?” Wilmerding pulled himself together. “You’ve got to go through with it now. I’ve tipped off a newspaper and they’re sending a special reporter and camera man down to Pilot Light. But why—” “Don’t ever ask why a woman does anything," Punkie advised cheerfully. Pilot Light was on Long Island’s wealthy north shore and the little inn Wilmerding had spoken about a mile from the Page’s estate. Wilmerding had taken two rooms. The catch in it was there was a connecting door and all the time Punkie dressed, undressed and dressed again she had the impression Wil- merding was doing a Nathan Hale and spying on her. It was a disquieting feel- ing, particularly when you had a Tree of Life tatooed all over your tummy and realized the Peeping Tom might be an art lover. Eventually, Punkie finished pulling on her African-hued hosiery, her scanty, bandeaux and new evening gown. It was the latest Spanish tile tint and was a chalice for all of her bewitching feminine charms. In it she looked more like a million dollars than a million dollars it- self! “Can’t I come in and hook you up— or something?” Wilmerding asked, his voice sounding suspiciously near the key- hole. “Don’t be low! Besides, I’m all hooked French Tonic Pills Tho most rational treatment for lost visor. Trench Tonic is tho most effective reju Venator ami stimulant. Keel lil;o a now man. Retrain lost vigor. A box containing 40 French Tonic l'ills will he sent to you for one dollar. SonU cash, stamps or money order. PARA COMPANY. 175 Fifth Avc., New York City. DORA—MAC 2	x p. inch sizo cartoon booklets—also Tillio. Frencliy and Sparky anil 11) French Art Photos, not the old blurred kind showing the Kiris with short socks, but new and up-to-date stuff, posed for by really beautiful Kills and handsome men. all lor SI.(II). STERLING SALES COMPANY. 506 Flatiron Building,	New York City. HOW TO MAKE LOVE Tho secrets of lovemaking ex- plained. How to overcome basli- fulnoss. coldness. Also tells plain- ly the way to find the soft spot In a sweetheart’s bionst. A variety of Love Letters and hundreds of other things of meat importance to bachelor and maiden, liulis pensablo book foj lovemakers. l’rice $1. Send cash, stamps or M. 0. to CASANOVA PUB. CO.. 1181 Broadway, New York City. LOVE DROPS Soductivo and enchantinc porfumo of irresistiblo charm. Its exotic fragrance lingers for hours. It connuors and fascinates; proud and humble surren- der to its seductivo fragrance. I'rico- less to all who would succeed with tho opposite sex. Price $1. Send cash, stamps, or M. O. PARA CO., 175 Fifth Ave., New York City. TILLIE and MAC MagKio and Jiggs, Dumb Dora. The French Stenographer. A liaehelor's Dream. Adam and Eve. Kip and Alico. I’caehes and Hrowning, A Model's Life. ISoss and Hub- bles. Also 10 rare French photos of handsome men and beautiful women in thrilling love scenes and a spicy Novelty, all for $1.00. You may send cash, stamps or money order. RIALTO SALES CO., Room 1025, 1181 Broadway, New York City, HYPNOTIZE Complote course of Hypnotism and Mind Heading. 25 fascinating lessons. How to become an expert, hypnotize at a . glance, mako others obey your wishes, gain in love, wealth and power. Invaluable to every man and woman, executives, salesmen, doctors, _ mothers, etc. Simple, easy system. Learn at homo. Only $1.10. Send cash, stamps, or money older. CASANOVA PUB. CO., 1181 Broadway, New York City. THE BRIDE’S BOUDOIR Like peeps through private key- holes is this intimate story, re- vealed in a young girl’s secret diary. It is the tale of her love life, from the early days of curi- osity — and courtship through a glowing honeymoon to a thrilling climax that will stir your blood strangely. A new lifht on the question of birth control. A $2 seller cut to $1.10, prepaid. Send money order or stamps. Sent sealed in plain wrapper. CASANOVA PUB. CO., 1101 Broadway, N. Y. City.98 Pep Stories for April, 1932 The Master of the Game That’s what they called Karate Rockne and justly so Here was a man who stood out as a sports idol to the American public and here is a book which tries to be worthy of his greatness. A FOOTBALL CLASSIC THE LIFE OF KNUTE ROCKNE The story of Rockne’s career from his humble beginning as an immigrant boy to the pinnacle of fame as the out- standing figure in sport. This life of “Rock” is written by P. L. Trussell, famous newspaperman, with a hu- manity that will touch you and a fer- vor that will thrill. The description of the great games which Rockne gen- eralled. With an introduction by Grantland Rice, the man who named the “Four Horsemen.” A FOOTBALL CLASSIC THE LIFE OF KNUTE ROCKNE 25c per copy Write for it immediately or just fill in the attached coupon and enclose it with money order, cash or stamps. You will receive a complete copy, post- age prepaid, of A FOOTBALL CLASSIC WONDER PUBLICATIONS, Inc., 305 E. 46th Street, N. Y. C. Dept. P. Gentlemen: Please send me a copy of “The Life of Knute Rockne.” Enclosed is 25c in cash, stamps, or money order. Name ...................................... Address .................................... up and ready for the hoop-a-dooley!” Punkie retorted. “We forgot all about a wrap but that doesn’t matter.” Some twenty minutes after that Wil- merding’s sixteen cylinder car purred up the driveway to the front door into the Page’s sprawling villa. Elmer Wilmer- ding, skulking in the shadows of the ton- neau, pressed Punkie’s arm. “Here’s where I leave you. Good luck! Don’t forget to telephone me at the inn when you think everything is ready for the camera man and reporter to appear on the scene.” “I won’t forget. So long.” The car stopped long enough for Punkie to alight. Another minute and she found herself at the softly lighted entrance into the villa. Punkie’s adventures have just be- gun. Follow them with her in the next instalment of this throbbing serial, in May “Pep Stories.” NICE GIRL By JACK WOODFORD Before we go any further we want to tell you that if you pass this story up you’ll be passing up one of the best things ever! This boy Woodford knows how to write and when his story is about a girl — well, that’s all, we don’t have to say any more. And this girl was not only nice—she was wise! And she knew what to do when— But find out for yourself in the May PEP STORIESThey dared Officer Kane ,. and his music held them spellbound ETHEL'S house party was at its height—wlii'ii suiliji'iily there came an ominous knocking at the door. Ethel ran to open it and—there stood Police Officer Kane. "I want to see the man of the house,” thundered Kane. "I'm sorry," stammered Ethel nerv- ously. "but my father is not at home." "Well, what's goin' on in here any- way?" continued the officer sternly. "Every one on the block is com- plainin’ of the noise. I've a Rood mind to arrest th" lot of you." Ethel was mortified—what a dis- grace ! "Oh please." pleaded Ethel, “please don't do anythin*! like that." Then Kane burst out laughing. "Don't worry, lassie you were all havin' such a fine time I couldn't help droppin' in." he explained. "Oh," sighed Ethel, "how you frightened me. Won't you join us?' Kane Joins the Party "Ha." laughed Kane, as the Victrola started again, "why must you play that canned music ■ can't any of you play this beautiful piano? Sure, I’d like to give you a tune myself.” "I dare you to play for us,” shouted Ted Strong. "I'm afraid I'll have to be goin’.” stam- mered Kane, embar- rassed. "Mr. Kane. I think ymi might play tor me after th.' fright you nave me." smili'il Ktlli'l. "Well. b'gorry. maybe I will," ncrreil tho otlker. Ami as lie sat down at tho piano everyone laughed. But tho noise stnppid when l.o struck the flrst rollicking notes of the famous "Sonic of the Vagabonds." "More—more.” "That’s great—play another." they all shouted as the last notes of that snappy march song died away. Kane then started that stor- ing old soldier song, "0a the Road to Mandalay,” following it with song hits from the latest shows. lMCK VOI'H INSTBl'MKNT Piano Violin Organ Clarinet I'kuielo Piute Cornet Saxophone Trombone Harp Piccolo Mandolin (iultar 'Cello Hawaiian Steel Guitar Sight Singing Piano Accordion Italian and (ierman Accordion Voice and Speech Culture Harmony and Composition Drums and Traps Automatic Pinger Control Ilanjo (Plectrum, 5-String or Tenor) “Well.” he laughed, as they finally let him up from the piano, "I’ll have to be on my way now." "Thank you for your lovely music,” said Ethel. "You must be playing a gcod many years?” “Sure, and I haven't been playing long at all." Then the ques- tions came thick and fast. "How did you ever learn so quickly ?” "When do you llnd time to practice?” "Who was your teacher?" Kane Tells His Story "Well, to tell you tho truth I had no teacher. I'vo always loved music, hut 1 couldn't take regular les- sons on account of my du- ties as a policeman. Tl.en one evening I saw a U. S. School of Music advertise- ment. tell in* of a new1 way of (earnin' to play. I didn't believe it mvself but I sent for their Free Demonstra- tion Lesson that showed mo how easy ifi was, so 1 wroto for tile wiiolo course. "There were no tiresome scales or tedious exercises. 1 played real pieces almost from tho start. Now I'm playin' classical num- bers or jazz, havin' the time of my life." • • • This Is not tho story of just one Isolate.! case. Over half a million people havo learned to play by this simple method. 5 ou can. too. Kvcn If you d,.n't know ono Jffi, r,'T ,a'!° y""'11 Eras,> 11 ln 110 ti..ie. I-irst it tells you tow to do a tiling i ‘A ’ * .™u bow in pictures—then you do it yourself and hrar it. „.‘ou teach yourself—right at home—with- out any uninteresting linger exercises, tedi- ous scales or other humdrum methods. Free Booklet and Demonstration Lesson To prove how practical tills course is. tho U. S. School of Music has arranged a typi- cal demonstration lesson and explanatory booklet which you may havo Free. They show how anyono can learn to play his fav- orite instrument by note in less than half tho time and at a fraction of the cost of slow methods. Tho Booklet will also tell you all about tho amazing new Automalio r inner Control. O'*;* <ielay—art at once—fill In and Whatever	today—no obligation (Instrument supplied it desired, cash o- credit.) 0. S. School of -Music, 33310 ilrunswicK litag.. New "York City. I'. S. School of Music 33310 Brunswick Uldg., New York Pleaso send me your free book. “Music Lessons in Your Own Home." with Intro- duction by Dr. Frank Crane. Free Demon- stration Lesson and particulars of your easy payment plan. I am Interested ln the fol- lowing course; Have You Instrument f. Name . . Address City ... State.NO MONEY, 'COMPLETE COUR: IO CASTE CHEST EXPANDER ROWINC MACHINE GetTHb If fj Complete HomeGym ^ :______ONLY -CM m GUARANTEE You don't risk a cent. Examine this wonderful 12-ln-l Outfit for your- self. YOUIt MONEY RIGHT BACK if you want it. 12-in-I Muscle Building OUTFIT MAN — look at these pictures! The ereatest all around muscle-buildinfr combination vou ever saw. all in one ereat 12-in-l Outfit: Here's everythine vou need to develop EVERY muscle in vour body, lust spend a few minutes a day with that snanuy Wall Exerciser, the bie Chest Ex- oander. the zim>v Rowine Machine and the other muscle builders shown here—and WATCH THOSE MUSCLES GROW! Read list below. The whole works for less than a five-dollar bill—with Complete Course, two ereat Books and private sex Lesson thrown in. Rush Coupon U ,or *“• ^ Amazing Bargain Michael McF.dden Dept. B-4 \ No Money Needed 65 East llth Street. New York City »	* Dear Mike: Shoot me the works C.O.D. V Just write name and address in I'll pay $4.98. plus actual postage. My \ coupon AT ONCE. Pay postman money back If I am not satlsfle<l and re- \ only $4.98. plus actual postage turn outfit immediately. (Or enclose $4.98 \ on delivery. (Or send $4.98 and I pay postage. Same Money Back \ and I pay postage.) Simply guarantee.)	. reIU™ outllt immediately if \ not pleased. N,me...................................... \ Michael McFadden Address.......................................\ Dept. B-4 \ 55 E. llth St., T°Wn.....Outside U.' S. cash with order'	\ New York, N. Y. Here's What You Get: 1—Complete	set of Wall Exerciser Attachments. 2—Adjustable	Head Gear for neck muscles and 3—Adjustable	Foot Gear for building muscular legs. 4—Two	High-Tension Scis- sor Grips. 5—Ten-Cable	Progressive Chest Expander (390 lbs. resistance). 6—Professional	Skip Rope, develops speed and wind. 7—Complete	Rowing Ma- chine Attachments. 8—Foot	Stirrup patented, non - slip: for legs, thighs, stomach. 9—Twelve	Weeks' Scientific Muscle-Building course. 10—Encyclopedia	of Health and Strength. 11—Book	on Jiu Jitsu. 12—Special	Confidential Sex Lesson of startling FACTS.