Where

Edgar Franklin’s
Laugh-a-Line Serial
  C^Announcing

 ■p. OfteNew ,

 Pettiiolms

         whole wheat cereal

  AFTER a long time spent in making
./~\it just right, here is the finestWhole
Wheat Cereal Food ever produced—
the New PETTIJOHN’S. Its popu-
larity is bound to be quick, complete,
and permanent—because—

  Finest of Whole Wheat—the New
Pettijohn’s gives you all the wheat, pre-
cooked, processed to develop the flavor,
rolled, and delicately toasted.

  Quic\ Cooking—the New Pettijohn’s
cooks through and through in 3 to 5
minutes.

  Served Hot—the New Pettijohn’s
makes a generous, grateful breakfast—
often times a welcome change for lunch-
eon—and the finest of hot suppers for
growing children.

  25 PerCent Natural Bran—the New

             TRY IT —TASTE IT-
             At your Grocer’s —

Cooks in 3 to 5 minutes.

X* The pick of America’s Wheat—con-
   tains 25% Natural Bran, with essen-
   tial Vitamines and Mineral Salts.

        3* A new and delicious Flavor brought
           out by pre-cooking.

  Pettijohn’s brings you Natural Bran
  in a shape that you can enjoy. Every
  taste of the New Pettijohn’s is mellow
  and rich, and gives you the gentle
  laxative benefit of good bran.

    'Vitamines and Mineral Salts—the New Pet-
  tijohn’s brings you all the Vitamines, Lime, Iron
  and Phosphorus of the Whole Wheat.

    Appetizing — eat the New Pettijohn’s fresh
  and hot, with good top-milk or cream, and the
  flavor is something to be grateful for.

TELL YOUR FRIENDS
A Generous Package.

The Quaker O^s (pmparty

            CHICAGO, U.S.A.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Electricity Needs You

I WILL TRAIN YOU AT HOME

Stop right here. This is YOUR opportunity! Electricity is calling you, and the Electrical
Business is in for a tremendous increase. But it needs more trained men—at big pay. By
my Home Study Course in Practical Electricity I can train you for these positions.

FREE!

BIG

ELECTRICAL

OUTFIT

  A fine outfit of Electrical
  Tools, Instruments, Materi-
  als, etc., absolutely FREE to
  every student. I will also send
  you FREE and fully prepaid
  —Proof Lessons to show you
  how easily you can learn
  Electricity and enter this
  splendid profession by my
  new, revised and original sys-
  tem of Training by Mail.

RADIO

COURSE

FREE

  Special newly-written wireless
  course worth $45.00 given
  away free. Full particulars
  when you mail coupon.

Earn Money
While Learning

  I give you something you can
  use now. Early in my Home
  Study Course I show you
  how to begin making money
  in Electricity, and help you
  get started. No need to wait
  until the whole course is com-
  pleted. Hundreds of students
  have made several times the
  cost of their course in spare
  time work while learning.

 Earn $70 to $200 a Week

You’ve always had a liking for Electricity and a hankering to do electrical jobs.
Now is the time to develop that talent; there’s big money in it. Even if you
don’t know anything at all about Electricity you can quickly grasp it by my
up-to-date, practical method of teaching. You will find it intensely interest-
ing and highly profitable. I’ve trained and started hundreds of men in the
Electrical Business, men who have made big successes. YOU CAN ALSO

Be a Big Paid

 ELECTRICAL EXPERT

What are you doing to prepare yourself for a real success? At the rate you are
going where will you be in ten years from now? Have you the specialized train-
ing that will put you on the road to success? Have you ambition enough to
prepare for success, and get it?

You have the ambition and I will give you the training, so get busy. I am
offering you success and all that goes with it. Will you take it? I’ll make
you an ELECTRICAL EXPERT. I will train you as you should be trained.
I will give you the benefit of my advice and 20 years of engineering experience
and help you in every way to the biggest, possible success^

Valuable Book Free botok’ / chief engineer

                      How to y	COOKE

Become an Electrical Expert,” has started many a / Chicago Engineering
man on the way to fortune. I will send a copy, /	Works

free and prepaid, to every person answering S Dept. 178. 2150 Lawrence Av.
this advertisement.	j	CHICAGO, ILL.

A p^ MoW £ Good intentions never / Dear Sir: You may send me.

                                    o n <> II! U A A	.	ontirobr f roo onJ Pit 11 it nrnnni/1

 NOW IS	copy of your book, “How to Become

y an Electrical Expert, " and particulars

       /* about your Home Study Course in
          Electricity and the Free Radio Course.

It is action, alone, that counts.

THE TIME TO ACT.

L. L. COOKE, Chief Engineer

CHICAGO
ENGINEERING /

  WORKS	/ Address........................

2150 LAWRENCE AVENUE /

Dept. 178, Chicago, U. S. A. - r..	Ci

           1 City..........................State*

 Name.

The'Cooke TrainedMan is the “BigPay'Man

  In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY

WEEKLY

Vol. CLXIV

CONTENTS FOR NOVEMBER 1, 1924

Number 2

The entire contents of this magazine are protected by copyright, and must not be reprinted without the publishers' permission.

FIVE CONTINUED STORIES

Where Was I ?........Edgar Franklin .

      A Four-Part Story — Part One

Valor...........Laurie York Erskine .

      A Six-Part Story — Part Two

The Dancing Doll.......J	Condon and !

   A Five-Part Story - Part Three	I Charlton L. Ldholm )

Buccaneer Blood ,.......Kenneth Perkins . .

      A Five-Part Story — Part Four

Clovelly ..........Max Brand ....

      A Six-Part Story — Part Six

NOVELETTE AND SHORT STORIES

161

207

235

262

294

Nothing But Money.....                                 . 186 
A Two-Part Novelette --- Part One                            
The Goat-Getter......                                  . 226 
Judgments , .....                                      . 254 
The Desperate Young Man . .                            . 282 
An Engagement in Trinidad .       Chandler P. Barton . . 309 
Only Cheese.......                                     . 314 
POETRY

Expectation . .
The Shadow
The Cup of Life

Gladys Eloise Brierly 206
. . . Chart Pitt 225
Emma A. Lente 234

The Line That Lasts
The Complex
Harbinger of Age .

Helen Cowles LeCron 253
. Robert Baker 293
. Louis B. Capron 308

      A queer, inscribed block of stone found in the ruins of Babylon!
      And out of it came a call, strong across the centuries, from an
      ancient, enchanted sea, where sailed

THE SHIP OF ISHTAR

     This serial by A. MERRITT, which will begin next week, is one
     of the most startling and vividly imagined romances ever written.

THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY. 280 BROADWAY, NEW YORK. N. Y.. and
LENNOX HOUSE, NORFOLK STREET. STRAND. LONDON. W.C. 2

        Frank A. Munsey, President	Richard H. Titherington, Secretary	Christopher H. Pope, Treasurer

Single copies, 10 cents. By the year, $4.00 in United States, its dependencies, Mexico and Cuba ; $6.00 to Canada, and $7.00 to Foreign
Countries. Remittances should be made by check, express money order or postal money order. Currency should not be sent unless registered

PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY. COPYRIGHT, 19*24
Entered as second-class matter July 15, 1920, at the Post-Office at New York, under the Act of March 3, 1879

COPYRIGHTED IN GREAT BRITAIN
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY

WEEKLY

VOL. CLXIV	SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1924	NUMBER 2

By EDGAR FRANKLIN

Author of ” Regular People," "Suitable for Framing,” etc.

CHAPTER I.

 THE BIG DAY.

WHEN you have an office boy like
Jimmy around, even for the two
weeks he lasted, you get into the
habit of watching him out of one corner of
your eye. I saw him duck back from the
window suddenly and then stretch out his
neck and stare down again at the street,
one floor below. Then he croaked:

   “ Mr. Morse! Hey, Morse! Come look
 this over! ”

   Well, I had been tiring myself all out for
      1 A	161

 ten minutes, ignoring him; but I had a
 little strength left and I kept on ignoring
 him. It didn’t work so well. The kid just
 flapped an arm up and down, beckoning,
 and he all but yelled:

   “ No, come! This is on the level! You
 don’t want to miss this!”

   Then I looked at him! Without excep-
 tion, he was the worst thing in the way of
 a boy that ever got on the pay roll. Most of
 them spend a lot of lime near the windows,
 because the B. Berford Corporation takes
 up the whole second floor and there’s a
 good deal to be seen; but Jimmy might
162

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

Shave been glued to the glass eight hours
a day. Just then he ought to have been
taking out the private office mail and stick-
ing on the stamps.

  “ Kid,” I said, sternly, “ if I tell you
again to take out that mail, I’m going
to speak to the boss and have you canned
to-night!”

  “ That’ll be all right, chief,” said the
accursed brat, “ but before you do the dirty
work come quick and get an eyeful of this
while it lasts!”

  And I’m hanged if there wasn’t something
so odd about him that I got out of my chair
and walked over to his side—and the funny
thing is, he was dead right! There was
certainly at least one eyeful down there
and, so far as I’m concerned, there were
about two dozen!

  The boss—my personal boss, you know,
Thomas F. Berford, president of the com-
pany, son of the founder, the case-hardened
bachelor that everyone said didn’t know
whether the prettiest girl in the office was
twenty years old or seventy and didn’t give
a hoot in any case—the boss was standing
down there on the curb beside nine thou-
sand dollars’ worth of pale blue automobile
and behind the wheel, all in one chunk, sat
about ninety million dollars’ worth of girl.
More, he was holding her hand and he
looked as if he’d been holding it for some
time; and she was gazing up at him as if—
oh, there’s no use trying to describe the
way she was looking at him. If some little
flapper, away back in the ancient times,
ever summoned up the nerve to look a
real god in the eye and let him hold her
hand, she must have looked at him just
like that.

  And that wasn’t all, by any means. The
boss himself raised his head and sort of sur-
veyed the neighborhood as if he’d never
really seen it before. He was smiling; he
doesn’t do that so often. There was a
kind of pinkish flush on his face, too, and
as a rule he’s pale. Then the wonderful
girl in the car said something to him and he
burst out laughing, just like a boy; and he
took her hand in both of his and squeezed;
and she put out her other hand, and there
they were for about a minute, just looking
at one another!

  And then something woke them up and
they were all flustered for ten seconds or
so; and after that she started the engine
and drove off and Mr. Berford stood on the
curb waving his hand after her!

  Queer? It was a lot more than queer.
You’d have had to know Mr. Berford as
well as I did, to realize how queer it all was.
I just kept on staring, even after the boss
had walked into the building. Jimmy poked
my ribs.

  “ Not so worse, chief—huh?” he said.
“ Not so worse for a guy like him? They
got some slick ones, up to the Follies—
huh?”

  “ Mail those letters!” I said.

  There was no Follies about that girl,
though; she was just plain millionaire class
and she was so infernally pretty that one
felt sort of dazed, even after looking at her
from a distance and—-well, Mr. Berford
came into his office just then.

  He was whistling a jazzy little tune to
himself! I’d never heard him do that be-
fore, and as a matter of fact, I haven’t
heard him do it many times since—but he
was whistling then, fast enough. Also, he’d
brought the smile all the way upstairs with
him.

  “ Good morning, Henry!” he said.

  “ Good morning, sir!” I said.

  “ Wonderful day!” he went on.

  “ Yes, sir.”

  “ Wonderful day!” said the boss, and ac-
tually grinned at me; and then, instead of
handing me his hat to hang up on the
clothes tree in the corner, he sent it spinning
through the air—and I’m blest if it didn’t
land squarely on the peg at that!

  “ Mail all ready for me, Henry?” he said,
as he sat down behind his desk.

  “ Right there, sir! ”

  He picked up the first letter of the pile
I’d sorted out for his personal attention
and put in about two minutes staring at it,
holding it upside down. Then he dropped
it and looked at me.

  “Henry!” he said. “ You’re pretty ef-
ficient, aren’t you?”

  “ I hope so,” I answered.

  “ How long have you been my secre-
tary?”

  “ A little over three years now.”
WHERE WAS I ?

163

  “ How old are you?" said the boss.

  “ Twenty-five,” I said, and began to won-
der what it was about.

  Mr. Berford just shook his head thought-
fully.

  “ Um-m?” he muttered. “ Doesn’t seem
any nine years since I was twenty-five my-
self!—Er, Henry!”

  “ Yes, sir.”

  “ How many times have I raised your
salary?”

  “ Well, just once, two years ago,” I said.

  “ Really?” said Mr. Berford, and he
looked almost shocked. “ Well, I’m going
to raise it again: ten per, Henry, beginning
immediately. You do not find yourself
heartbroken over this?”

  1 suppose I grinned. If I did, most of it
was astonishment; the president of our cor-
poration doesn’t put that easy, intimate ef-
fect into his conversation as a rule.

  “ Sir, I can stand a shock like that four
times a week, if necessary!” I answered
—and it struck me all of a sudden that that
wasn't just the way I’d been in the habit of
talking to Mr. Berford, either!

  He only leaned back and laughed, though
—yes, laughed right out loud, like an or-
dinary human being!—and when he had
finished laughing his face smoothed out into
the funniest, most glorified smile and he
clasped his hands on top of his desk and
looked straight at me.

  “ Henry!” he burst out. “ Did you—er—
ever—er—”

  And that was all there was of that! The
boss straightened up in his chair with quite
a jerk and coughed; the glorified smile dis-
appeared and he frowned over his mail, just
as he always does, and coughed again, quite
violently.

  “ Er—what was I going to say?—Well,
it’s immaterial, in any case,” he murmured,
and kept his eye on the mail. “ I’ll—er—
ring for you when I’ve been through this
stuff, Henry. We’ll go light on the mail
to-day; I want to finish up that report for
the annual meeting of the directors this aft-
ernoon.”

  Then he glanced at me again, in the dear
old familiar way, which means “ get out of
here!” I trotted into my own little two-
by-four office, and I can’t say that, all alone

there, I broke down and wept. I have no
responsibilities, of course, but an extra ten=-
spot every Saturday looks just as pretty and
enticing to me as it does to the next man;
thinking it all over, I certainly did warm
through to that girl in the big blue roadster!

  We’ll admit that I’m not particularly
bright; still, there are some things that can
be grasped without entirely wrecking the
brain, and this was one of them: at last, Mr.
Thomas F. Berford was in love!

  This happens, so I understand, to a num-
ber of people in the course of a year, but
there was something mighty near incredible
about Mr. Berford getting into that condi-
tion. Maybe it was because he had always
seemed so hard and arrogant, without a
grain of sentiment in him; maybe it was
because, in my own mind, I’d never asso-
ciated him with one thing in the wide world
but Work, with a capital W.

  And he was a glutton for work! Normal-
ly, he’d arrive in the morning with that
rushing effect that always suggested a Kan-
sas cyclone, slap down the black brief case
he always carries; ring for me if I hadn’t
already appeared, dump the brief case on
his desk and begin dictating, even before
getting at the mail. After that, he’d play
a symphony on his little bank of electric
buttons and department heads would come
a-running and then stand and listen, all
screwed up to concert pitch, while Mr. Ber-
ford shot orders at them with the general
effect of a machine-gun.

  Next, we’d do the early mail Marathon,
and when that was over I had ruined anoth-
er notebook and had six more pencils ready
for the sharpener. After that came the visit-
ors, all by appointment, and it was a mighty
important one who talked more than five
minutes in the president’s office—and so on
through the day, at just the same speed, un-
til some time after five Mr. Berford would
pack up his black brief case again until it
bulged and then steer for the old home up-
town. They said he worked all night every
night, and I’ve been inclined more than
once to believe it.

  Oh, he was a hustler, fast enough, and
there seemed to be no end to his energy.
I’ve seen young Mallison, the boob junior
partner—the firm used to be Berford &
164

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

Mallison, you know, before we incorpor-
ated—I’ve seen Mallison come in with his
golf sticks and pat Mr. Berford on the
back and beg him to come take just one
week off. Why, Mallison used to do every-
thing but cry over him! When Mr. Ber-
ford would shake his head and tell him to
get out, as he always did, Mallison used
to look like a mother worried to death over
her sick only child. And I’ve seen other
friends come in and implore him to go with
them for trips and cruises and so on. He
never went; when Mr. Berford left New
York, it was on business. And once, I re-
member, somebody had his old family doc-
tor call at the office and do his darnedest to
make Mr. Berford promise to quit an hour
earlier and come uptown and have himself
thumped and sounded all over, to see what
part of him was getting ready to smash
first under the strain; he never went there,
either. It’s just possible that Mr. Berford
himself knew best how he felt, but even so
it did seem queer how he kept it up.

  He rang for me about half past ten and
we finished up the annual report; and it
was certainly some report! I knew we
had been doing a mighty fine business
through the year, but I hadn’t suspected
that we were turning into a monoply. Four
minor competitors had just been sponged
out of the picture completely; three more,
bigger ones, we had absorbed gently and
painlessly, and they were now part of the
Berford corporation. That, of course, left
a single big firm for us to buck, the Storm
Manufacturing Company—otherwise George
R. Storm, the champion hard-boiled, iron-
fisted, relentless business man of all time!
We’d been bucking them and they, inci-
dentally, had been bucking us for several
years; and I suppose it is no breach of con-
fidence to say that they’d put at least as
many dents into us as ever we’d put into
them. Off and on, there had been a lot of
talk among our big people about coming
to some amicable agreement with the Storm
folks, but it never seemed to get anywhere.

  Well, that’s the sort of report it was and
I really enjoyed writing it; and I was glad,
too, that I’d be sitting beside Mr. Berford
when he read it, so that I could watch the
directors’ faces.

  They’re a lot of funny old birds, our di-
rectors. We’re a very staid old concern,
you know, and this crowd was all asso-
ciated with the original Berford, Thomas
F.’s father. Jones and Moreland are just
ordinary old-timers; Macpherson is about
what his name indicates; Bennett’s the best
old soul that ever lived, all kindness and
sympathy; but Isaac Craven is the great-
est card of the whole collection. Somebody
must have done something pretty mean to
Craven when he was an impressionable lit-
tle child and the memory has stuck fast ever
since. When Craven puts down his head
and looks at you through his thick eye-
brows, you know perfectly well that he sus-
pects you of looting the safe; after thirty
seconds of it you begin to wonder yourself
if you haven’t been doing something like
that. I think Craven must have trusted his
own father and mother implicitly—if they
were covered by a thoroughly responsible
bonding company.

  All five of them gathered at four o’clock.

  They puffed into the directors’ room and
shed their coats and got out their expensive
cigars; they swapped a few anecdotes about
the Civil War and Jim Fiske and Black
Friday and other things you read about in
histories; and then Mr. Berford and I came
in and the session began.

  I wasn’t disappointed in that matter of
watching their faces while the president
read his notes; they looked like a lot of
nice elderly children hearing the news that
all candy is to be distributed free hence-
forth and that there’ll be an extra Santa
Claus working next Christmas. Four of
them sat and gurgled; Craven just nodded
and nodded and rubbed his hands together
until one would have thought the skin must
have peeled. And the boss finished his dec-
lamation and they clapped their hands and
rose and patted him on the shoulders; they
did everything but cheer.

  Bennett was the most enthusiastic of
them all.

  They calmed after a while and sat down
again, all but Bennett; he remained stand-
ing by his chair and his smile seemed to
light up the whole place.

  “ Ah—gentlemen—you, Tom—all hands!
This is—ah—splendid!” he said.
WHERE WAS I?

165

  “ Splendid’s not the word for it—not the
word for it!” Jones said.

  “ Well, magnificent might be a little bet-
ter, Joe,” Mr. Bennett beamed. “ However,
we won’t waste time hunting adjectives; I
think we all feel more adjectives just now
than can be expressed. But it seems to me
a fitting moment to express our apprecia-
tion of Thomas Berford, just once more
and just a little more strongly than usual;
and with your permission, gentlemen, I shall
try to do that!”

  They applauded; Mr. Bennett bowed and
cleared his throat.

  “ Thomas,” he went on solemly, to Mr.
Berford, “ we knew you, most of us, as a
boy—the worthy son of your incomparable
father. We felt, all of us, no slightest trace
of hesitation in asking you, five years ago
and young as you were, to take the place
he once occupied in our company. Yet not
one of us, I am very certain, felt that an-
other man quite like your father could exist
.—and there is not one of us to-day,
Thomas, unconscious of some slight amaze-
ment that another such man not only can
and does exist, but that we have the rare
good fortune to own him as our chief ex-
ecutive!”

  They applauded some more and this time
Mr. Berford bowed and smiled.

  “ I am a man of few words, Thomas,”
the speaker continued, “ and to those few
I cannot give sufficient strength. We have
known you for many years as a man whose
spotless private life was far, far beyond
the faintest breath of criticism—whose en-
ergy in our service has been so tireless,
whose executive capacity has been so broad,
as to be almost astounding. No, no, my
dear boy! Don’t protest! This is not
flattery, but simple, happy truth. And to-
day, after hearing your report and realizing
all that lies behind it, I want to go just a
little bit farther. I want to tell you,
Thomas, that it is my firm conviction, as it
is the sense of all this gathering, that in you
we possess the perfect man, the perfect
president! ”

  And again they clapped their hands, even
to Craven, who actually smiled as he did
it; Mr. Berford shrugged his shoulders and
looked a little bored and foolish.

  “ Thanks, but it isn’t necessary to lay it
on as thick as all that!” he said.

  “ I think it is, Tom,” Macpherson said
unexpectedly. “ There’s none other just
like you in the whole world; there’s never
been but one—your father.”

  “ And when he names you ‘ perfect,’
Tom, he says no more than we all feel!”
Mr. Moreland contributed very earnestly.

  “ And now, having said very badly what
I wished to say so emphatically,” Mr. Ben-
nett concluded, with the same beaming
smile, “ may I make a single prophecy?
Within one year, gentlemen, within one year
I venture to predict, Thomas Berford will
have the Storm Manufacturing Company it-
self eating out of his capable hand!”

  He sat down and they stared hard at him
because that, surely, was putting things
pretty strongly. Jones gave one or two du-
bious nods, as if he’d have liked to be op-
timistic about it, but found that impossible.
Macpherson just sighed; Craven pulled
down one corner of his mouth with the fam-
iliar, sneering effect that passed for a smile.
But Mr. Bennett leaned forward, pounding
the table with his clenched fist, and glared
at them.

  “ Why dammit! He’s capable of it!
He’ll do it, sooner or later! I’ll bet any
man present a thousand dollars that Tom
has from one to a dozen tentative schemes
in his head at this minute for bringing
Storm, into camp! Well?”

  They didn’t take the bet—and just then
I happened to look at Mr. Berford, and I
kept on looking, harder and harder, for that
smile of his was distinctly peculiar. It be-
gan as the faintest little flush; it grew
broader and broader; then it seemed to sink
into him again, and he chuckled for a sec-
ond or two.

  He looked around the table and rubbed
his chin meditatively, as he does when his
mind isn’t quite made up. After that he
gave a small grunt and rose to his feet. And,
standing there and looking at them, he
made quite a picture. More than anything
else, it seemed as if Mr. Berford was hyp-
notizing them. He was just oozing domin-
ation over those five old gentlemen, as he
did about every so often when sonething
important was afoot; and they were looking
166

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

up at him in the same inquiring, expectant
way I had come to recognize.

  “ Well, gentlemen,” Mr. Berford said, in
that crisp voice of his, “ now that you’ve
said all these nice things about me, may I
be permitted to thank you?”

  “ It’s not necessary, Tom,” Bennett said.
“ And, having thanked you, to make a
little speech of my own!” the president
smiled. “ What I have to say is of a dis-
tinctly personal nature and perhaps this is
not quite the place to say it. But on the
other hand,” he went on soberly, “ perhaps
it is a confidence which is due you gentle-
men. I recognize to the full the close rela-
tion between a man’s personal life and his
business life; to you gentlemen, the direc-
tors of our company, I have always tried to
make my life an open book—and hence,
perhaps more than you quite understand,
I appreciate very deeply the trust in me
that you have been so kind as to express.”
He drew a long breath and looked rather
uncomfortable and sheepish. They stared
at him with growing curiosity.

  “ All of this, gentlemen, is leading up to
the announcement that your bachelor presi-
dent, shortly, will no longer be a bachelor
president.”

  “ Huh?” said Craven.

  “ I expect to be married in June.”
  “Married?” gasped Mr. Bennett.

  “ Married!” smiled the president.

  “ Well—by cracky ! ” the old boy yelled,
joyfully. “ Going to turn human like the
rest of us, are you? Going to get out of
the hermit state and join the jolly old race,
eh? Well, that’s fine, Tom! That—that—
that—by gad! that’s tremendous!”

  Now all of them were gabbling about it,
too! They popped out of their chairs and
swarmed around the president, shaking his
hand and congratulating him; even Craven
joined in this, although without much en-
thusiasm. Mr. Berford waited patiently
until they had quieted down; then More-
land asked:

  “ Who’s the fortunate lady, Tom?”

  “ Well, that’s the second part of my an-
nouncement,” the president said, with a
broad smile. “ The lady who has done me
the very great honor of consenting to be
my wife is—ah—Miss Alicia Storm!”

  Just exactly as if five strings had pulled
them, all five sat bolt upright and gaped
at him.

  “ Not—not George Storm’s daughter?”
Jones cried.

  “ His only daughter,” Mr. Berford said
quietly.

  Moreland got up to the surface about
that time with a new gasp:

  “ You’re going to—to marry the Storm.
Manufacturing Company?”

  “ I am going to marry Mr. Storm’s
daughter,” the boss repeated, rather frostily.

  “Well—well—well—here! Here! God
bless my soul, what did I tell you? What
did I say, not five minutes ago?” Mr. Ben-
nett sputtered, quite crazily. “ Didn’t I
predict that—um—that—” And just there
he caught Mr. Berford’s eye which was
quite cold and steely, and he subsided sud-
denly with a mumbled: “Not—not to im-
ply, Tom, that—ah—not to imply, of
course, that—er—well, you know what I
mean, my dear boy!”

  There was a heavy hush, second after
second, as they assimilated the news. Mr.
Jones broke it, in a queer, awed little voice:
“ We called him—called him perfect,”
and he looked around dizzily. “ Isn’t there
any stronger word than that? Isn’t there
any stronger word than just perfect?”

CHAPTER II.

REGARDING LUCK.

1 DON’T know. The longer you live in
this world, the more of a shame it seems
that nothing under the sun can ever be
quite one hundred per cent perfect. What
I mean is that, if you ever did happen to
stumble on a mine with a billion dollars’
worth of pure gold in the middle of a desert,
some infernal crape-hanger would be sure to
pop up from nowhere at all and tell you
that probably it wasn’t pure gold—and if it
was, gold was going down so fast that it
wasn’t worth anything like a billion dollars
—and even if it stopped going down, it
would probably cost more to mine it in this
particular location than the gold was worth.

  It was just like that in this matter of
Mr. Berford’s announcing his engagement.
WHERE

WAS I?

167

  Four of the five directors broke loose
after a minute or so and raised shouts of
rejoicing; and Mr. Berford grew paler and
paler and I knew, if nobody else did, that
he was getting madder than sixty, his an-
nouncement not having been taken in quite
the way he had intended—or rather, per-
haps, having been taken in such a purely
selfish way by the directorate that the pres-
ident wasn’t feeling flattered.

  The director who did not lift up his voice
in jubilation was Mr. Isaac Craven,

  He had started at the very first mention
of the Storm name; his mean eyes had tak-
en on a meaner little squint and fastened
hard on Mr. Berford, and they had been
there ever since. Now, as a sort of happy
giggle died down Craven’s lips opened
slowly.

  “ That—hey?” he said.

  “ What?” Mr. Berford asked.

  Craven nodded, just once, as if he under-
stood a great deal.

  “ It seems possible that your life may not
have been quite the open book you have
led us to believe!” he said, very distinctly,
while the rest of them sat rather stunned.

  “ What the devil do you mean by that,
sir?” Mr. Berford asked, and banged his
fist down on the table.

  “ I mean that you’ve been secretly con-
sorting with the family of George Storm,
sir!” Craven cried, and banged down his
own fist! “ I mean, sir, that in actual fact
you are upon the friendliest terms with a—
an individual fondly supposed by us to be
your—as he is our—deadliest enemy, per-
sonal and business! I mean to say, sir, that
this smells amazingly strong of treason to
our company and—”

  “Why, you confounded old fool!” Mr.
Bennett shouted, and he has a big voice
when he wants to use it. “ You soured,
doddering old—old idiot! You—pay no
attention to him, Thomas! Pay no atten-
tion and—”

  He said more, but it was drowned out by
the uproar that was coming from Jones and
Moreland and Macpherson about that time!
They, too, were addressing Craven—and
after about thirty seconds of the din they
seemed to be making an impression; old
Isaac looked downright scared.

  Both Mr, Berford’s fists were clenched
and he was snow-white and his jaw stuck
out as he waited. It was quite interesting!
He waited until things were quiet and
Craven had shut his old teeth tight to-
gether and pulled down the corners of his
mouth.

  “ May I say,” the president began, so
steadily that I knew he was having a
dickens of a time to control himself, that
of all things in the world, the possibility of
having such construction placed upon my
engagement to Miss Storm never occurred
to me?”

  “Of course it never occurred to you!”
Mr. Bennett thundered at Craven. “ Why
the Sam Hill should it occur to you?
Why—”

  “ Just a minute, please! But since it has
occurred to Mr. Craven and since he has
voiced it with such charming candor, at
whatever personal humiliation I insist upon
explaining the matter as well as may be.
I—”

  “ No explanation is necessary'! ” More-
land cried.

  “ Yes it is—and Craven’s going to get
it!” said the boss, and his voice shook. “I
met Miss Storm for the first time just five
months ago. I have talked with her father,
in his home, just four times. He is at least
as frank as—and rather more happily
poised than—Mr. Craven. In the plainest
English, at the first interview, he laid down
the proposition—and I accepted it—that
out of business hours our personal relation
had best be something like that which ob-
tains between lawyers who fight tooth and
nail on opposite sides of a case and after-
ward go to dinner together!”

  “Naturally! Naturally!” Mr. Bennett
puffed. “ Storm’s a devil incarnate, but
he’s not an ass.”

  “He’s not even a devil, when you get ac-
quainted with him, sir,” said the president,
with a faint little smile. “ Last night—
specifically at half-past nine, in her own
home,” he spat at Craven, “ I became en-
gaged to Miss Storm. About one hour later
I talked for a considerable time with her
father. He is, as are we, tired of fighting;
he is not only open to—say, I’ll be damned
if I’ll go any farther with this explanation!”
168

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

shouted Mr. Berford, as he lost himself for
a second or two.

  “Well, by the mighty! I guess you
needn't go any farther!” Moreland cried,
and his voice cracked with the pure joy of
the thing. “ You’ve said enough! You—
you’re a wonder! You’re—”

  They were at it again, all of them chat-
tering at once like so many monkeys, first
at one another and then, all of them, at
Mr. Craven. And I’m bound to say that
Craven was funny to watch. He seemed
to be shrinking down; his eyes were wide
open again and he was waving his hands,
palms upward, and saying something or
other that nobody bothered to hear. Mr.
Berford held up one hand and they grew
sflent suddenly.

  “ Does that explanation suffice?” he de-
manded.

  “ You bet it suffices! ” Mr. Jones cackled,
and the rest nodded energetically.

  “ And has the book of my life been
opened to your satisfaction, Mr. Craven?”
Four old gentlemen leaned toward Cra-
ven at once. For a moment I thought there
was going to be a sort of elderly battle royal,
to get at him; but old Isaac pulled himself
out of his chair and came toward Berford.

  “ I ask your pardon, Thomas,” he said,
nicely enough. “ I spoke hastily and with-
out due thought. I offer you my most hum-
ble apology.”

  He held out his hand and, of course, Mr.
Berford shook it, although I didn’t notice
that Craven had to wince any at the grip
he got. As he turned around and went back
to his chair, I caught his expression and it
struck me harder than ever how much more
like a catty old lady he is than like a man.
Woman convinced against her will, you
know—all that sort of thing.

  Anyhow, peace was restored and every-
thing was lovely, and nothing short of a
national calamity could have taken the
smiles off the faces of those old gentlemen
for a while. They talked and they guarded
their words so as not to offend Mr. Ber-
ford ; but a blind and deaf man in that room
could have sensed that nobody contem-
plated suicide because the president was
going to marry the Storm Manufacturing
Company.

  So far as that goes, it did mean a lot to
all present. It meant getting decent prices
henceforth and less worry and hundreds
on hundreds of thousands of dollars saved
on advertising campaigns; by the time the
consolidation really had been effected, it
would mean running two huge firms for
about the price of one, with the profits
nearly doubled for everybody. These old
codgers owned about all the Berford stock
that had ever been sold; no wonder they
were pleased!

  But the president’s ruffled fur wasn’t
smoothing down so easily. Mr. Berford is
an extrerhely proud person, and it had hurt
him like sixty to stand up there and explain
his private affairs to old Craven. He fussed
for a minute or two, glaring at them; then
he turned and glared at me, as if he were
going to knock me senseless just to relieve
his feelings. Then he got up with a savage
little jerk and they all stopped talking and
stared at him.

  “ I am merely going over there for a
drink of water!” he explained tartly.

  And he marched away from the table and
his heels must have ground straight through
the four thousand dollars’ worth of lovely
Oriental rug we have in that directors’
room!

  They put up our building in the funny
old era when no office was properly fur-
nished unless it had a marble basin stuck
in the corner. The marble basin was in
here, with a mirror hung up above it and
an ancient screen in front of it; and they
had put the showy white water-cooler be-
hind the screen, too, in the interest of ar-
tistic harmony, I suppose, the rest of the
place being rather chastely elaborate.

  That was where Mr. Berford headed and,
once behind the screen, he took his own
time about reappearing. I don’t know just
what was going on back there, but I can
imagine most of it; and very likely if the
directorate could have heard exactly what
their president was muttering, they’d have
made a break for the door. He drank one
glass of water and then another glass; I
heard the tumbler clink back into its place
on the stand and there was a little wait.
Another thirty seconds and Mr. Berford
probably felt that he could face them again
WHERE

WAS I?

169

without committing mayhem, for he started
back toward his place at the table.

   The screens in our offices are so arranged
 that it is practically impossible to get out
 from behind one of them without knocking
 it flat to the floor. This one was set at
 just the regulation angle; and the presi-
 dent hit it with his shoulder and it began
 to tilt; and he snarled quite viciously at
 the screen and yanked it back with a good
 deal more force than seemed necessary. He
 gave it such a violent yank, in fact, that
 he himself bumped squarely into the wall
 close by.

   He snarled again as his other shoulder
hit something. Two or three seconds I
watched him pawing at the mirror, which
• had been dislodged, and trying to catch it
and then the thing escaped his fingers al-
together and went down on the floor with a
crash that sounded as if half the plate glass
in the building had caved ini Down at
Mr. Berford’s feet there were, at a rough
guess, about five hundred little pieces of
broken mirror!

   Some of my ancestors must have been ig-
norant and superstitious people; it’s all
nonsense, of course, but to save my soul I
can’t see a thing like that happen without
having a little cold chill, even if it is only
for an instant. Mr. Berford had some other
kind of ancestors, I imagine. He just looked
at the wreckage and growled and kicked
most of it back behind the screen, there-
after resuming his trip toward the table.
Within a yard of it, he stopped short and
stared blank astonishment.

   Upon my word of honor, to the very last
one of them, those five old gentlemen, all
nearing seventy, all substantial, hard-head-
ed business men, were sitting there with
their mouths open and their eyes fairly
popping!

   “ That’s—unfortunate! That’s very un-
fortunate!” Macpherson breathed.

   Jones tittered, more than anything else
like a scared little boy.

   “ Seven years bad luck!” he said.

   “ Seven what?” Mr. Berford rasped.

   “ That’s what they say, Thomas!”

  “ Absurd—yes,” Mr. Moreland put in.
“ But my younger brother, many years ago.
broke his mirror and—”

  “ And had seven years bad luck?” Ber-
ford laughed.

  “ He wasn’t spared to suffer them, Tom.
He met a woman that very night who drove
him to drink within the year and to the
grave within another!” Moreland said, and
shook his head.

  Something about this and the sigh that
went with it helped restore Craven’s bal-
ance at least; he pulled down the corner of
his mouth, sneered undisguisedly at Mr.
Moreland and seemed to feel better. Mr.
Berford’s teeth came together with an angry
click and he was about to speak when Ben-
nett interrupted with:

  “ Ridiculous, of course. Yes, yes, we’re
bound to admit it’s ridiculous. But I do call
to mind one little incident in this connec-
tion which made a lasting impression on me.
It must have been about 1888—yes, it was
in the early spring of 1888, just after the
big blizzard, that a cousin of mine—a young
chap, you understand, without a grain of
superstition in his whole makeup, chanced
to—er—were you waiting to say something,
Thomas?”

  “ If you don’t object?”

  “ Not a particle. Go on.”

  “ Then may I ask of you gentlemen in so
many words,” the president rapped out, “ if
there is really one among you who seriously
believes that bad luck follows the breaking
of a mirror?”

  They stirred uneasily, but nobody spoke
until:

  “ Well, there’s a lot of things in this life,
Thomas, that we may not believe, in the
ordinary sense of the word,” Macpherson
began, heavily and unsmilingly. “ And at
the same time the evidence may be so over-
whelming that there is something that—-
that—well, perhaps there’s not, after all.
Perhaps there’s not.”

  “ Most emphatically, there is not!” Mr.
Berford snapped contemptuously. “ And
there is no such thing as 4 bad luck ’ or
‘ good luck ’ or any other kind of ‘ luck ’!
What comes to a man in the way of ‘ bad
luck ’ he brings upon himself, absolutely
without any exception whatsoever!”

  “ Always, Tom?” Macpherson sighed
dubiously.

  “ Invariably!” barked the president, and
170

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

he made a pretty convincing figure as he
stood there, too, and it was funny to watch
the sheepish grin that went around that
table and the way they avoided looking
directly at him. He had shamed them!
He’d done just that!

  Mr. Bennett coughed.

  “ Tom’s right, of course. He’s always
right,” said he. “ Good luck’s what a man
works like the devil to get and finally does
get—and bad luck’s the fitting reward for
the scamp! Quite right—quite right.”

  “ And even so, Bennett,” Macpherson in-
sisted, “ it does happen—”

  “ No, it doesn’t, Mr. Macpherson,” the
president laughed as he sat down. “ A
man’s bad luck is the punishment he’s
earned for bad acts. A man who’s right—
clean right all the way through!—doesn’t
have any bad luck! Now. is there any fur-
ther business to be looked after before we
adjourn?”

  Craven cackled out a sour little laugh.

  “ Only to pass a resolution of thanks to
you for being the sanest man present, I
guess, Thomas,” he said.

  And it was just exactly at that moment
that it began to happen!

  I always sat beside Mr. Berford at meet-
ings, taking down whatever had to be taken
down, trotting out now and then for docu-
ments and all that sort of thing, and my
chair faced the door of the directors’ room.
Well, the excitement having all subsided
and there being nothing of a stenographic
nature to record, I was just sitting and look-
ing at the door—when it opened about four
inches and Jimmy’s face appeared.

  That kid never had any idea of the sol-
emnity or importance of any occasion; he
would have walked straight in if I hadn’t
caught his eye at just the right second. As
it was, he stopped and beckoned to me;
and I shook my head “ no ” and Jimmy
shook his head “ yes ” and beckoned again.
I waved a hand, trying to tell him to close
the door; he merely stood there and went
on beckoning; so that finally I laid my book
and pencil on the table and went over on
tiptoe—and pushed him out and followed
him and closed the door behind me.

  “ Well, what’s the matter with you?” I
asked.

  The blamed little clown put the tip of
his forefinger under his chin and curtsied!

  “Oh, Morsey! I hate t’ tell ya!” he
said.

  “ What?”

  “ Say, lissen! ” said the boy. “ As a rule,
this place ain’t what you could call inter-
esting, but to-day things is different. This
is our day for cuties, Morse! First the
chicken in the gas-wagon—and now this
bimbo!”

  “ What bimbo?”

  “ Oh, Morsey—wonderful! Shall I tell
you about her or would you like to give her
the up-and-down first and hear about her
afterward? She’s right out there in the hall
by your office door.”

  “ A woman?”

  “A dream!” said James. “She wants
to see the main squeeze and she says her
business is personal. What it must be to
be rich like Berford, Morsey, and have ’em
buzz you like this—huh? What it must
be—”

  Well, I left him just then and made for
the corridor—and she was there, all right
enough!

  She couldn’t have been much over twenty
and she was pretty. Phew! but she was
pretty, too! Not like the Storm girl, you
understand; that girl was just pure class;
but she was a mighty attractive young per-
son, all the same. She had huge blue eyes,
rather darker than they are usually; she
had a funny, straight little nose that looked
as if she’d be likely to finish anything she
started; and she had a chin with a big dim-
ple in the middle. When it came to clothes,
she was not so striking. That is, she was
very nicely dressed, but—oh, sort of plain
and severe, I suppose you’d call it. There
was a fur thing around her neck and there
were little shiny buckles on her pumps. The
whole effect of her at first was quiet respect-
ability; but when you looked hard at her
—and it was part of my job to look hard at
people and save time by guessing what they
wanted before they explained, there was
something about this girl not quite as soft
and refined as it might have been. I don’t
know what it was; maybe it wasn’t there at
all.

  Meanwhile, she was looking me over just
WHERE WAS I?

171

about as carefully, and she smiled suddenly
and showed some magnificent teeth as she
said:

  “ Is Mr. Berford coming?”

  “ Well, no, I’m afraid he’s not,” I said.
“ Mr. Berford is in conference and can’t
be disturbed. Have you an appointment
with him?”

  “ An appointment?” the girl repeated,
and opened those magnificent eyes. “ Why,
no, of course not.”

  “ Then if you’ll give me your name and
address and the nature of your business,
miss, I’ll take it up with Mr. Berford and
let you know when—and if—he can see
you.”

  And I pulled out the pencil and the lit-
tle notebook with the regular flourish and
prepared to write—and all the girl did was
to stare at me as if she didn’t understand
at all.

  “ I wish to see Mr. Berford now!” she
explained.

  “ But, as I said, he’s in conference
and—”

  “ Well, that doesn’t make a bit of differ-
ence,” she informed me. “ I wish to see
him now!”

  Her nice little nose dilated; she seemed
to be growing quite fretful. I produced the
reliable old smile, which usually eases them
out of the office like so much grease. It
didn’t work with her. She stamped her
foot.

  “ In fact, I insist’upon seeing him now,”
she added. “ Go, at once, and say that I
insist! ”

  Once in a while, you know, they stick
like that; or they stick until Mr. Berford
comes out with fire in his eye, and they
don’t stick very long afterward. It dawned
on me suddenly that this girl was a Grade A
sticker and that I might talk myself hoarse
without budging her!

  “ If you’ll give me your name and your
business—” I began!

  “ I shall not give you my name! ”

  “ But—”

  “ And I shall most certainly not tell you
the nature of my business! Now tell Mr.
Berford that I wish to see him!”

  I left her there. I found the president
with the directors all back in the state of

pure admiration, telling him that not one
of them believed broken mirrors had any
real consequences and sort of thanking him
for dispelling any little shakiness they may
have had on the subject for a minute or
two. He glanced up at me with a dry smile
and I told him about the girl.

  “ Name?” he said.

  “ She wouldn’t give it.”

  “ What does she want?”

  “ She wouldn’t tell me that, either.”

  “ Can’t see her!” said the president and
turned back to the table.

  “ Well, excuse me, Mr. Berford,” I said,
“ but this young lady looks determined and
I don’t think she’s selling anything. I
think she has some personal matter that she
wants to talk about and she—er—she in-
sists on seeing you.”

  “ You’re a pretty good judge of people,
Henry,” smiled Mr. Berford. “ Find out
what she’s after if you can. If it seems
necessary make an appointment for three
o’clock to-morrow. That hour’s open?”

  “ You see the railroad people at three
fifteen,” I reminded him.

  The boss grinned! The overwhelming
good humor was back upon him.

  “ I can get rid of any woman in the world
in five minutes, Henry,” he said. “ Make
it for three.”

  So I went back to the girl and she
glanced behind me to see if the president
was following, and when he wasn’t her nos-
trils dilated again.

“ Where will he see me?” she demanded.
“ In his office,” I said, just as smoothly
as possible, “ tomorrow' afternoon at three
o’clock. And please be on time, because at
three fifteen—”

  “ To-morrow?” she echoed very sharply.
“ But I don’t want to see him to-morrow;

I want to see him to-day—”

  “ But if you will call to-morrow—”
She drew back her pretty head and
looked me in the eye.

  “ I am calling now!” she said. “ Go
back to Mr. Berford and tell him that!”
“ But—”

  That is as far as I was permitted to go.
Her blue eyes were snapping now, and if a
girl as pretty as all that can look danger-
ous, that is what she was doing!
172

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY,

  “ And it might be just as well for you
to add,” she broke in, “ that unless he finds
it convenient to grant me an interview, I
shall make a scene here!”

CHAPTER III.

OUT OF THE PAST.

1 COULDN’T believe my ears.

“ A what?” I said.

“ A scene! ”

  “ What sort of a scene?”

  There was an awful sweetness in the
smile she gave me then.

  “ If you will just bring back another re-
fusal from Mr. Berford,” she said, “ you
will know! Now, go! ”

  So I went. It may seem queer that I
didn’t stay there and argue the matter out
with her—smooth her down diplomatically,
of course, as I’ve done first and last with at
least a dozen cranks and maniacs of differ-
ent kinds. But there was something about
the assured air of that girl. She looked as
if she had authority to talk and act like
that.

  Mr. Berford glanced up casually when I
reached his side.

  “ You look quite flustered, Henry,” he
observed. “ Did you have to arrange the
appointment?”

  “ I did not, sir,” I said. “ You see,
this young woman-—”

  That’s all I ever had to explain about
that young woman; the rest she explained
herself. In a word, even then, she was
with us!

  I don’t know how she got there. It is
quite a puzzle for strangers to find the
directors’ room alone, because one has to
go up and down several corridors. Perhaps
she had been quietly tagging along behind
me; at all events, she had pushed open the
door and was two yards inside it before any
of us noticed her.

  Mr. Bennett looked startled and began to
puff his way out of his chair-—and ob-
served that none of the rest of them were
doing it and sank back again. The presi-
dent shot one annoyed, uninterested glance
toward her and spoke very softly to me:

  “ This the young lady, Henry?”

  “Yes, sir!”

  “ Charity worker after a subscription; I
can tell ’em a mile away,” said Mr. Berford.
“ Get her out of here!”

  I never moved. Somehow, I couldn’t
move, for watching that curious approach
of hers; and I doubt very much if Mr. Ber-
ford ever noted the disobedience. Just
then, you see, his interest in the girl was
beginning to quicken, because she was
heading straight for him and she was wink-
ing quite rapidly, almost as if she meant to
cry! And more than this her lips were
quivering so pathetically that I started and
stared a little harder at her—and now I’m
blest if she didn’t stretch out her hands ap-
pealingly toward the boss and cry softly:

  “ Tom!”

  “ Huh?” said the president.

  “ Oh, Tom!” the girl breathed.

  For fifteen seconds at least, nobody
moved a muscle—except the muscles that
control the eyes. As one man, the directors
looked at the girl and then looked at Mr.
Berford; and Mr. Berford frowned won-
deringly. And with the saddest little
gesture, just as if her heart had broken,
the girl dropped her hands.

  “ Aren’t you even going to—to say
‘ hello ’ to me, Tom?” she asked, so faintly
that we could no more than catch the
words.

  I	don’t quite know what would have hap-
pened to an ordinary man; if I had been
in his shoes, I know I’d have felt guilty and
panic-stricken and all that sort of thing;
but Thomas Berford is a hard man to jar.
So, the first shock having passed almost
immediately, he merely rose and smiled pa-
tiently.

  “ I should be most pleased to say { hello,’
if I happened to know you, miss,” he said
quietly. “ But that pleasure is not mine
and—”

  “ Tom!” the girl cried.

  “Hah!” said Isaac Craven.

  “ And, the pleasure having been denied
me,” the president went on, more sharply,
“ may I point out that this is a directors’
meeting, young woman, and—”

  “But—but you’re Tom Berford!” the
visitor gasped, blankly.

  “ That is my name!” the boss said, and
WHERE

WAS I ?

173

his voice rose. “ But, I assure you, you
have confused me with some other Ber-
ford.”

  “ But I—I haven’t!” the girl stam-
mered. “ There isn’t any other—I mean,
you are Tom Berford and—and who should
know you know better than / know you?”
And having fired this one, she turned and
gazed at the five old gentlemen; and, hon-
estly, it was astounding, that expression of
hers! She looked utterly dazed and strick-
en and alone, like somebody who has just
landed in a strange country and found that
the friends she expected to meet her are
all dead, if you get what I mean. She
looked so forsaken, so pretty, that before
her eyes had rested on Mr. Bennett for two
seconds he was muttering:

  “ Well—well, upon my word! Why, my
poor child, I—that is to say—”

  “ Please don’t say anything, Mr. Ben-
nett,” the president said very crisply. “ The
young lady has made an astonishing mis-
take, of course. I was unaware that I
owned a double, either in name or appear-
ance; but such is apparently the case. It’s
most unusual, of course, but—”

  Everybody in our little Berford Corpora-
tion world had a habit of hanging on Mr.
Berford’s words and listening most atten-
tively to all he had to say. This girl did not
belong to our world; it seemed to be against
her principles to let Mr. Berford finish even
one sentence! As in this case. Abruptly,
she switched her attention from the direc-
torate and turned it upon the president;
her big eyes opened in astonishment; she
took a step nearer Mr. Berford and searched
his face—which, by the way, was getting a
little redder.

  “ Tom, you’re not telling them that you
—you don’t even know me?” she choked.
“ You—oh, you couldn’t do that!”

  “ I am telling not only them, I am telling
you that—as you yourself know perfectly
well—I never laid eyes upon you before,
madam!” the president cried.

  “ But—but—”

  “ And whatever all this may be, whether
it is an astounding error on your part or—
or whatever else, we have had more than
enough of it!” Mr. Berford concluded. “ I
ask you to retire!”

  Did she retire from the scene? Yes, she
retired just about as much as the directors’
table or the west wall of the room retired!
She stood absolutely motionless for a little
space, looking and looking at Mr. Berford,
whose temper was decidedly up—just look-
ing and not giving one small hang for his
temper! What that little thing’s eyes were
saying, I actually hated to think; but they
were saying it and the directorate, not to
mention Mr. Berford himself, were lis-
tening.

  “ Tom,” she whispered. “ You—you’re
not ashamed of me, are you?”

  And then she wept! Aye, she began to
sniff and her pretty lips began to tremble
and she pulled out a little joke of a hand-
kerchief and tried to hide behind it, her
shoulders shaking. And, to say the least,
the response was prompt! Mr. Berford
stood like a statue, staring at her incredu-
lously and quite pale now, but the old gen-
tlemen all left their chairs at once. Isaac
Craven jammed his hands down in his
trousers pockets and looked steadily at our
president; the other four hurried to the
girl.

  Mr. Bennett dragged a chair from the
table; Jones and Moreland helped in forc-
ing her into it gently. Macpherson patted
her shoulder and sighed heavily:

  “ Well, well, lass! Don’t you cry now.
These things happen and—”

  “ What things happen?” Mr. Berford
roared savagely. “ I assure you, Mr. Mac-
pherson, that nothing, of any description
whatever, has happened to warrant—”

  11	Maybe not, Tom,” Macpherson said
quietly, “ but this is no time to let your
anger run away with you. You’re distress-
ing her! ”

  He went on patting her shoulder. Mr.
Bennett patted her other shoulder. Jones
started off to get her a glass of water. Mr.
Moreland picked up a newspaper and
fanned her—I don’t know why and I’m sure
he didn’t know, either. They were all talk-
ing at once, too, and crooning over her as
they might have crooned over a child.
Queer, how much attention a pretty girl can
get with a few tears, isn’t it?

  “Now, my dear, my dear!” Mr. Ben-
nett was saying. “ The mistake is yours,
174

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY,

I assure you—a most remarkable mistake!
—but don’t cry about it, child!”

  “Most—remarkable!” Craven said dis-
tinctly.

  “ What?” snapped the president.

  “ It might be well to open that book of
your life again, Thomas, and let us read
another page or two, eh?”

  Mr. Berford walked straight to him.

  “ You are implying that I seek to hide
something of a disgraceful nature, in con-
nection with this girl?”

  “ I am implying nothing at all, Thomas,”
Craven said, just as steadily and, I’m bound
to say, just as dangerously. “ We have all
heard what the girl said. She knows you
and—”

  “ She does not!”

  “ Berford, don’t be ridiculous. We’re not
fools!”

  The president threw out his hands sud-
denly.

  “ Gentlemen!” he cried passionately. “ I
ask your attention for just one minute. I
want to assure you, upon my solemn word
of honor, that I never saw this young
woman before she entered this room!”

  “ Well, we know that, Tom,” Bennett
said soothingly. “ You needn’t protest like
that. The young lady has made a very odd
blunder, of course, and that’s all and—now,
now, my child! Aha! We’s not going to
cry any more, eh? That’s better! Yes,
indeed, that’s better!”

  She looked up at him trustfully and the
good old soul beamed down at her.

  “ You—believe in justice, don’t you?”
she whispered.

  “ I should say so!”

  “ Even for a girl who is all alone and
friendless?”

  Mr. Bennett blinked at her.

 “Ah—certainly! For everyone!” lie
said.

  And the girl kept on looking at him and
her little hand fluttered into his.

  “ I can trust you!” she said.

  “Most decidedly, you can!” said Mr.
Bennett, and pulled up another chair to her
side and sat down with considerable de-
termination. “ Now, my dear! Let’s get
right down to the bottom of this affair and
clear it up!”

  “There’s a good idea!” Craven rasped.

  “ I think so,” said Mr. Bennett, and
 glared at him. “ My child! We’ll begin at
 the very beginning. What is your name?”

  The girl looked at him, and turned and
 shot the strangest glance at our president
 and then dropped her eyes.

  “ Ask Tom!” she said.

  “ Eh? Well—well—all right, then!
Tom—er—do you happen to know her
name?”

  “ How in—ah—how should I know it?”
 Mr. Berford said, fiercely.

  “That’s no answer!” Craven submitted.

  “ Isn’t it? Here’s an answer, then: No!
 I do not know her name!”

  “Tom!” cried the girl.

  Mr. Craven gave an evil little smile and
 shook his head.

  “ She knows yours pretty well, though,
 doesn’t she?”

  “ So do ten thousand other people, Mr.
 Craven.”

  “ True, Berford. But none of the other
 nine thousand, nine hundred and ninety-
 nine are here inquiring whether you’re
 ashamed of them! Get on with the ex-
 amination, Bennett!”

  “ I’m trying to do that! Well—ah—let
 me see. You’re—ah—quite sure that this
 Mr. Berford is the Mr. Berford you have in
 mind?”

  The girl fairly whirled on him.

  Her eyes were big and round and out-
 raged; her bosom heaved; taken all in all
 she was so startling at that moment that
 Mr. Bennett sat up and puffed.

  “ Sure?” she cried. “ Sure? Do you
 suppose that any normal woman ever for-
 gets—”

  She stopped there. You could have
heard the smallest pin in the world drop just
then. The first sound was her little gulp,
as she covered her eyes again.

  Craven was leaning right across the table.

  “ Yes?” he said. “ Yes? Forgets
what?”

  The girl only sobbed.

  “ Yes, my dear?” Mr. Bennett said, en-
 couragingly. “ What is it that—er—a nor-
 mal woman never forgets?”

  “ You—ask Tom!” said the girl.

  “ Well—ah—”
WHERE WAS I?

175

  “ Don’t ask me!” the president snapped.
“ I’m not a woman, normal or otherwise.
I have no idea what they never forget and
I don’t give a—er—hang!”

  Mr. Bennett frowned in some distress.
He is all just simple, conventional goodness,
the sort that does the same thing at the
same time every day for a hundred years
if it happens to live as long as that, and this
matter was getting beyond him. Probably,
in all his life, he had never encountered
anything quite so odd.

  “ This is—is very confusing, all of it,” he
muttered. “ Won’t you please speak up,
young woman? I mean to say, won’t you
be quite frank?”

  “ What am I concealing?” the girl de-
manded, indignantly.

  “ That’s just what we’re trying to find
out and—no, no, not concealing, my child,”
Bennett said hastily. “ But there is—er—
something here of which you seem reluctant
to speak and—”

  “ Why shouldn’t I be reluctant, when
Tom denies even knowing me?”

  “ Er—just so, of course. Let’s put it in
another way. Do we understand that you
are making—making certain definite
charges against Mr. Berford?”

  The girl seemed puzzled and shook her
head sadly.

  “ Charges? No—not charges! ” she mur-
mured.

  “But you’re accusing him of some-
thing?”

  “ I—yes!”

  “Well, all right, then!” Mr. Bennett
said desperately. " What is it?"

  A long, shuddering sigh came from the
girl. Her eyes flashed at Mr. Berford for
an instant and then dropped again.

  “ Ask Tom!” she whispered.

  Mr. Bennett got out his handkerchief and
dabbed his forehead, although it was not
particularly warm in there. Craven
snorted and stepped around to their side.

  “ You’re not moving very far or very
fast, Bennett,” he said sharply. “ Let me
take charge of this, please.”

  “ Well, but—”

  The vinegar member of our board waved
him aside and transfixed the girl with his
hard old eye.

  “ My dear lady,” he began, “ the display
of a little candor on your part will be to
your interest. Pray be so good as to answer
me directly and fully. You know Mr. Ber-
ford?”

  “Know him!” the girl echoed bitterly.
“ Where and when did you first meet
him?”

   The girl glanced up.

   “ Ask Tom! ” she said.

  “ I’m asking you! Will you tell me?”

  “ Let Tom tell you.”

  Moreland snickered. Mr. Craven’s eyes
grew a little harder.

  “ In one way, I understand, I think,” he
said. “ Young woman, I tender you the
sacred pledge of every member of this board
that whatever you may feel justified in tell-
ing us will never be repeated. Also, I beg
to point out that you have involved the
president of this company in a mysterious
way, which needs explanation, not for your
sake alone or for his, but for the sake of a
large corporation which has ever prided
itself upon the spotless integrity of its of-
ficers. In common fairness to all con-
cerned, we must have the truth—and the
whole truth, down to the very last detail!”
He waited a moment for this to sink in.
“Now!” he said. “Just what relation
existed—still exists, perhaps—between you
and Mr. Berford?”

   The girl only gave another of these shud-
dering sighs and failed to face him.

  “ Ask Tom! ” she murmured.

  Isaac Craven gritted his teeth and then
bared them threateningly.

  “You are serving yourself very poorly
by taking this attitude,” he said. “ It seems
clear that Mr. Berford is bent upon pro-
fessing ignorance of your—er—very charm-
ing self. That being so, if you wish justice
—which, in fact, I promise you to the very
fullest degree—”

  I	have said that Mr. Berford was a hard
man to jar for any length of time. This
little affair had shaken him more than any-
thing I had ever seen happen to him be-
fore, and very likely the reason for that was
that it had come at a time when he was

                                                             •

utterly happy and contented with things in
general. But he was himself again now.
He looked as calm and strong as ever and
176

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY,

there was contempt on his lips as he stepped
to Isaac Craven and tapped his arm.

  “ Pardon me, Mr. Craven,” he said
sharply, “ but I’m not on trial here and you
are not the prosecutor. Whatever all this
poppycock may be, it concerns me and
since this girl is to be examined, I’ll examine
her!”

  He could be convincing when he wanted
to be; Mr. Craven stared an instant and
pulled down the corners of his mouth and
then backed away a pace or two; and the
president looked down at the girl and
grinned.

  “Come!” he said briskly. “There’s
something behind it. What’s the answer,
young woman?”

  And the girl looked up at him and said
not one solitary word with her lips; and yet,
as she had done before, she said so much
with her eyes that even Mr. Bennett began
to fuss and frown uneasily.

  “Talk, please!” Mr. Berford barked.
“ There’s a limit to patience, you know!”

  “ Yes, I—know there is, Tom!” the girl
said, with some difficulty. “ There was a
lim—limit to mine. That’s why I—came
here!”

  “ Well, what d’ye mean by that?”
roared the president. I’d never seen him
lose his poise so easily as he did that after-
noon.

  “ Stop bullyragging her!” Craven shout-
ed. “Stop that!”

  “I’m not bullyragging her! What do
you mean? Speak quite frankly, please!
I have nothing to conceal! Well?”

  The girl twisted her handkerchief; it
seemed that she was getting ready to cry
again.

  “ Well, I mean that—that if you don’t
want to tell them—I mean that—that I
don’t want to. It—isn’t my place, Tom!
You should tell them!”

  “ Umum! Umum!” said Mr. Craven.

  “ I haven’t the most remote idea of what
you’re talking about!” the president
snapped. “ I have nothing to tell them,
about you or about anything else. If you
have, by all means tell them!”

  And the bosom began to heave again.

  “ You—said you’d never even seen me
before!” the girl cried.

  “ It’s the plain truth. I never did! ”

  Then she looked up suddenly. She
looked squarely at him—and, thundera-
tion! how pretty she was! She looked at
him, through him, into him! Her lips
parted, her eyes grew bigger and, somehow,
terrified.

  “ Tom!” she breathed, and they all bent
forward to catch her words. “ Tom, you
haven’t actually forgotten the ninth of
January, in nineteen twenty?”

CHAPTER IV.

JANUARY 9, I92O.

OF course, I know him so well, and that
may have had something to do with
it; but even if I hadn’t known him,
I think that blank, perplexed expression of
Mr. Berford’s would have been nearly all
the proof 1 needed of his innocence. It
wasn’t for Craven, though. That old fiend’s
eyes lit up quite delightedly and he nodded
quickly.

  “Hah!” he said. “Here’s something
concrete at last! What happened on Janu-
ary ninth, nineteen-twenty, my dear?”

  The eyes turned on him sorrowfully.

  “ Ask Tom!” said the girl.

  “ I venture to say, we’ll do just that—
and insist on an answer!” Mr. Craven said
heartily. “Berford!”

  “ What?”

  “ What happened?”

  The boss was breathing hard as he faced
Craven.

  “ What d’ye mean?” he demanded.

  “ Where were you—and this girl—on
that date?”

  “ I was nowhere at all with this girl, be-
 cause I never saw her before to-day. As
 to where I may have been myself, I can’t
 say.”

  “ That’s odd!”

“ Is it?” What were you doing on Janu-
ary ninth, four years ago, Mr. Craven?”

  Craven held up one of his lean claws and
smiled.

  “ Don’t dodge the issue like that, Ber-
ford! ”

  “ I’m dodging nothing! I don’t know
where I was on any given date four years

                         1	A
WHERE WAS I ?

177

ago! You don't—Mr. Bennett doesn’t—
Mr. Moreland doesn’t.”

  “ That isn’t just the point, Berford. A
man might well enough have to think for a
minute or two before he could give an ac-
count of himself on any particular date,
years gone. True. We concede that.
1But!" shouted Mr. Craven and leaned so
far across the table that I thought he was
going to bite the president. “ Certain dates
in one's life are graven deep into one’s
mind, never to be erased. It is my im-
pression that your January ninth is such
a date! . . . Well?”

  “ Bosh!” yelled Mr Berford.

  Mu. Craven smiled wickedly and wagged
his head.

  “ So we are to look solely to the young
woman for information, eh?”

  “ Pray do so!”

  “ I shall!” smiled Isaac Craven, and ap-
proached her again. u My dear, be so good
as to give us the whole story of that day?”
And here was a new one, because as she
looked up at him this time, I’m blest if it
didn’t seem that she was turning sulky and
stubborn. At all events, she tightened her
lips and shook her head,

  “ Let Tom tell you!”

  “ There seems to be some slight re-
luctance on his part. So you will tell us,
please. Come! Just what did happen on
that date?”

  The mystery merely shook her pretty
head.

  “ No! ” she said.

  “ But we insist upon knowing.”

  “ No,” said the girl. “ Ask Tom.” And
she seemed really pettish about it, too.
“ He is the one to tell you. Not I.”

  Isaac Craven folded his arms and looked
the president up and down.

  “ Well, Berford?”

  “ Oh, rot!” snapped the president, and
banged down into his chair again. “ Some-
body’s crazy here—more than one person,
perhaps, but I’m not among the number.
Settle this idiocy in whatever way best
pleases yourself, Mr. Craven.”

  This was plain speech and I suppose it
was just the way the boss felt. Anyhow7, he
shrugged his shoulders and began packing
things back into the black brief case; and

   2	A

offhand, one would have said that so far as
he was concerned the matter had been
closed forever.

  The rest of them did not feel quite that
way about it, though. Craven, of course,
is a freak of nature who would hang his
own twin on circumstantial evidence; but
by this time Macpherson and Jones and
Moreland were beginning to look a trifle
dubious and even Mr. Bennett seemed
rather bewildered.

  He spoke just as Craven was picking
words for a new assault.

  “ Well, a—a very extraordinary situation
seems to have arisen here, gentlemen,” said
Mr. Bennett. “ While I know7—while we
all know, Tom—that you are incapable of
anything of—er—a discreditable nature,
still, at the same time—”

  “ Exactly!” said Isaac Craven—

  !£—-there does seem to be something that
needs clearing up and we’ll have to clear
it up, of course.” His eyes were genuinely
troubled as they studied the president. “ It
might be just as well to tell us what you
were doing on that day, Tom?”

  Berford laughed outright, although not
merrily by any means.

  “ It might indeed, sir,” he agreed, “ ex-
cept that, as I pointed out a moment ago,
it happens to be impossible. My memory
is fairly good, but it’s not good enough to
go back and collect the minor happenings
of any one day years ago or—”

  “ The minor happenings?” gasped the
girl.

  “ Pardon me?” snarled the president.

  “ Oh—Tom!” she breathed, and seemed
about to die on the spot!

  She had very little effect on our presi-
dent, however. He shrugged and turned
back to Mr. Bennett.

  “ You at least are reasonable,” he smiled.
“ Try the thing yourself: what were you
doing on January ninth, nineteen twenty?”
“ Well—to save my soul from perdition,
I couldn’t tell you that, my boy,” said Mr.
Bennett.

  “ You, Mr. Jones?”

  11	Huh? Me?” Jones stared and shook
his head. “ I was doing something or other,
around towTi here. Or somewhere else, do-
ing something else.”
178

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  “ Precisely. So was I,” the president
said, with a dry smile. “ How about you,
Mr. Craven? What were you doing on that
day?”

  “ Berford, it isn’t my January ninth
that's under consideration just now. “ It’s
yours.”

  “ Quite so. Well, then, the very best
and the very last word I can give you on
the subject,” said the boss—and, oh, Lord!
how wrong he was about that! “ is that in
all probability I put in between eight and
ten hours in this office, going at top speed;
and that, thereafter, I took home a load of
work and sat over it in my library until
about two the next morning. I’ve been do-
ing that four days out of six for some time.
Is that satisfactory or is it not?”

  Nobody said a word for a little. The
girl was gazing straight at him.

  “ Tell them where you were, Tom,” she
said unexpectedly.

  “ Aha!” said Mr. Craven, and bright-
ened instantly. “ We’re getting at it.
Slowly, but we’re getting at it.”

  Mr. Berford didn’t brighten, though.
He turned suddenly on the young woman.

  “ I have told them and I now tell you—
although Heaven, alone knows why I should
be compelled to do that!—that I don’t
know where I was! That is to say, I as-
sume that I went through my regular daily
routine; but I couldn’t go into court and
swear that I was here or there or at any
given place, without checking up in what-
ever way. If you happen to know, tell
these gentlemen!”

  He waited. They all waited. The pretty
girl only closed her lips again and shook
her head, looking straight at Mr. Berford.

  “ No, Tom!” she said quietly. “ That’s
something you should do! ”

  “ Well, by the—” the president began, in
a sort of maddened roar; and then he
caught himself and threw up his hands and
turned back to the table. “ I give it
up, gentlemen!” he snapped. “ I think the
young woman is demented. If you like,
try to find who who she is and where she
comes from, and I’ll cheerfully bet an even
thousand dollars to any man’s ten that
nurses or distracted relatives are hunting
for her at this minute.”

  And he went on with his packing and all
five old gentlemen stared at the girl; and
the girl herself, after a horrified little cry,
pressed her handkerchief to her lips and
rose.

  “ I—I didn’t come here to be told that I
was crazy, Tom!” she said shakily. “I
—thought that you were—were at least
man enough to-—to—I’m going!” she con-
cluded, and covered her lovely eyes.

  “ Well, not just yet! ” Isaac Craven cried,
hurriedly. “ Here! Wait a minute, young
woman.”

  “No! I didn’t come here to be insulted
and shouted at!”

  “ Well, my dear young lady, for what-
ever reason you may have come, you did
come!” Mr. Craven persisted, and by this
time he was at her side. “ And you have
made charges against our highest official
which, however vague they may be at
present, I have no doubt are—that is to
say, you have made vague charges. You
can’t run away from them!”

  “ I haven’t the slightest intention of run-
ning from them! I’m not the one to do the
running!” the girl flashed at him.

  “ And Berford is, eh? You have the
most remarkable way of implying things
without saying them!” Mr. Craven mut-
tered, almost admiringly. “ Well, be that
as it may, Miss—er—what was the name?”
“ Ask Tom!”

  “ Be that as it may, then,” pursued
Isaac, “ you have created a situation which
must be probed to the last detail.” And he
turned and considered Mr. Berford, who
was humming to himself as he locked the
brief case. “ Berford, for the last time,
will you explain?”

  “ Mr. Craven,” the president said uncon-
cernedly and his grin was whimsical, “ for
the last time, I cannot explain.”

Craven nodded complete understanding.
“ Would you, perhaps, after twenty-four
hours of ostensibly pious meditation, find
yourself able to explain, Berford?” he
asked.

  “ My dear sir,” said the president, “ if
you refer to the young woman herself, I
might meditate from now until the week
after Judgment Day without being able to
offer one solitary item of information—be-
WHERE WAS I ?

179

cause, for the hundredth time, I never saw
her before to-day. If you refer to my per-
sonal acts on that day—yes! I will look up
the matter overnight and tell you precisely
where I was and what I did on January
ninth, nineteen twenty. Satisfactory?”

  “ In a qualified way, Berford,” sighed
Mr. Craven, since the rest of them were
nodding quick assent to this. “ Shall we
meet at four o’clock to-morrow, in this
room?”

  They agreed to that, too. Mr. Craven
laid one of his claws on the young woman’s
arm.

“ And you will be here, too!” he stated.
“ Have no fear of that. I shall be here!”
the girl said, with another angry flash at
our president. “ May I go now? I—I
can’t stand any more of this!”

  Craven stepped aside with a bow. Mr.
Berford bounced out of his chair.

  “ Wait a minute!” he cried energetically.
“ You’re not going to pop in here and start
a riot, whatever your reasons may have
been—and then escape. I wish to see you
in my office, miss!”

  “ Oh, no, you don't! No, you don't!”
Craven cried, almost wildly, and simply
ihrew himself on Mr. Berford. “ If—if-—
if you’re to be exonerated, it shall not be
because of private threats and coercion of
this girl and—stand still, sir!”

  Frankly, if I had been the boss, I think
I should have taken that old vulture by the
neck and sent him spinning into the corner.
But Mr. Berford isn’t like that. He’s as
gentle and decent as they come and a child
or a woman or an old man can take any
sort of liberties without fear of a thrashing.
So instead of giving Craven what he de-
served, he stood there with his teeth grit-
ting and watched the girl walk out as
swiftly and gracefully as you please, and
disappear.

  For a minute or so there was a funny lit-
tle lull, while Mr. Bennett got up and hur-
ried to the president.

  “ Now, my dear boy, don’t look so con-
cerned!” he cried. “ Don’t take the thing
so—er—seriously! ”

  “ Because,” Macpherson sighed, “ to
give the devil his due, you know, we were
all of us young at some time or other, and

—and she’s a very, very attractive lass,
Thomas. I will say that!”

  “I don’t find her so!” Mr. Berford
laughed., bitterly and rather dazedly.

  “ There evidently was a time when you
did!” Mr. Craven submitted.

  “ There—” the boss began, and then
shrugged his shoulders. “ Oh, what’s the
use of letting you stir me up? Gentlemen,
I’ve been accused of something or other, I
take it. Just what it may be, I’ve no idea.
Have any of you?”

  There was a silence so dead and heavy
that it startled Mr. Berford, I think. Jones
sighed and pursed his lips.

  “ Most likely not, Tom. But it’s not im-
possible to do a bit of guessing!”

  The boss controlled himself.

  “ Thanks for the vote of confidence,” he
said tartly. “ Shall we consider this meet-
ing adjourned until four o’clock to-morrow
afternoon? And may I say good afternoon
to you all? Come, Henry!”

  He started for the door and I started
after him; and Mr. Moreland, who had
been drumming with his fingers this last
minute and looking as if his last stick of
candy had dropped down the well, spoke up
suddenly:

  “ Hold on there a minute, Tom! There’s
one phase of this we haven’t taken into
account!”

  “ Is that possible?” muttered the presi-
dent.

  “ When this little—well, whatever it may
prove to be—when this leaks out, Tom,
hell’s going to begin popping for this com-
pany!”

  “ Piffle!” said the president, contemptu-
ously.

  “ It’s nothing of the kind!” Moreland
shouted savagely. “ You’re blind, of
course; any man in love is blind. Likely
enough, you have the delusion that old
George Storm’s a maligned angel, Tom, be-
cause he’s his daughter’s father. But we
knew him before you were born, and once
one word of this mess gets to his ears, he’ll
move heaven and earth to smash this firm,
just out of pure vindictiveness!”

  Several cheeks paled a little. Even Mr.
Berford went somewhat whiter, although
possibly not for quite the same reason.
180

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

Moreland, surely enough, had offered a
pretty little thought for consideration.
Jones helped with some trimmings.

  “And he could do it!” he said. “Do
you all realize that? He could do it! Storm
must be worth seven or eight million dol-
lars, outside the business, and that kid of
his has always been more than the apple
of his eye! I’ll venture to say that he
would throw every last penny of his pri-
vate fortune into paying off a grudge
against ony one he fancied had injured
her!”

  Craven looked like a perfect demon!

  “ See here!” he gasped. “ Will that girl
go to him if—if she doesn’t get whatever
satisfaction it is she requires from Ber-
ford?”

  “Is she bright enough for that?” Mac-
pherson breathed.

  “She is!” submitted Mr. Bennett, and
it was plain that for the moment the ex-
citement had conquered even his kindly
brain. “ She—she’s a mighty bright young
woman! She was bright enough to walk in
here and turn all hands upside down, at
the most satisfactory moment in the history
of the concern!”

  “True!” said Macpherson. “True—
every word of that! And what’s more—”

  Mr. Berford is courteous always, even if
it is in his own hard, short way. I couldn’t
have imagined him interrupting a director
in that particular fashion; yet it is the fact
that just then he brought his fist down on
the table with such an unearthly crash that
the whole quintet jumped.

  “ Gentlemen!” he shouted. “ I’m through
for the day! I wish to say, for the very
last time, that I am innocent of any knowl-
edge of, or crime against, the young woman
who was here. That is my complete and
final statement of my side of the case and
ends my connection with this—this damned
tommyrot until four o’clock tomorrow
afternoon, when I shall give a full account
of my doings on January 9th, 1920, and
then leave the rest of it in your hands.
Good afternoon! Come, Henry!”

  Henry, I am free to say, would have
been just tickled to death to hang around
that room and hear some more of the cheery
thoughts the old gentlemen were going to

conjure up; but he didn’t. No, Henry
trotted dutifully after his employer, and
once we were in the president’s office, he
slammed the brief case down on the desk
and glared at me.

  I’m no mind reader, of course, but I
think he was inclined just then toward his
perfectly regular and usual trick of ignoring
the possibility that I might be a human
being and understand a thing or two beside
stenography. Would that he had done just
that, then and later! But the emotional
side of Mr. Berford was in too hectic a
state for dignified silence!

  “ Henry, you’re only a—a kid, but I’ll
have to talk to some one,” he said sud-
denly.

  I bowed politely.

  “ Say, did you ever hear of anything like
that in all your days?” Mr. Berford roared.
“ I never did, sir!” I said.

  “ Out of a clear sky—a perfectly clear
sky—and at just this time! A woman I’ll
swear I never passed in the street or sat
opposite in the subway and—hell!”

  He sat down hard and bit his lips and
stared at the desk for a minute, while I re-
mained in the background. He glanced at
his watch and snorted and got up again.

  “ Well, if it wasn’t for the rotten side of
it the thing would be funny,” he observed.
“ However, w7e’ll make mighty short work
of it to-morrow, Henry—and after that,
perhaps, we’ll see what the law can do to
that little devil. You were not working for
me at that time, Henry?”

  “ I came about a year later.”

  “ True enough. Murfon had your job,
and he’s somewhere in South America now,
I believe. All right. I’m going home now,
Henry.”

  “ Yes, sir,” I said.

  “ And you go to work immediately—I’m
sorry to ask you to stay, but it’s unavoid-
able this time—and run through the early
1920 correspondence of this office before
you leave. Find out just what I was doing
about the 9th of January, and I’ll piece out
the details, of course. Jot it all down and
come up to my house at quarter of eight,
sharp, Henry; and whatever letters you
find that have a particular bearing on that
date, bring along with you. And a note-
WHERE WAS I?

181

book, Henry. I want to prepare a little
statement for those—er—for the directors
to-morrow.”

  He tucked the eternal brief case under
his arm. Although the effect was a trifle
forced, he did look much like himself again.

  “Quarter of eight—sharp!'’ be con-
cluded.

  And he departed, and as many years as
he had been in the firm, I will venture to
say that he never departed in just that
frame of mind before.

CHAPTER V.

THE SANER VIEW.

THAT thing of running through the
early 1920 correspondence sounded
simple, of course.

  Maybe it would have been simple if the
president wrote more letters, and said more
in those he did write; but he hates corre-
spondence, and anything along that line
that can be done by a department head is
done by a department head. Another
thing, Mr. Berford is probably the most
cautious man in the world when it comes
to wording his letters; I hammer them out
on the machine, but while the fellows who
read them probably know what they’re
about, four times out of every five I haven’t
much more than a strong suspicion!

   And in spite of all that, getting a line on
the president’s activities on January 9.,
1920, didn’t seem much of a job—until I
had been at it for half an hour. So far as
I could judge, Mr. Berford had been more
than ordinarily uncommunicative during
the early part of that January; that, or he
had been away somewhere on a trip. Since
I have been with him he has had a very
nice system for keeping me busy during his
absences. The afternoon before his de-
parture he has always spent dictating like
a streak of greased lightning, arid by the
time he has returned I have cleaned up
everything in the way of postponed, unim-
portant letters, signed them with his auto-
graph rubber stamp, and filed awray the
carbons.

  But back here there were gaps and gaps.
The one that interested me most began on

the 4th of January, and I’m hanged if I
could find trace of any letter having been
written in the president’s office from that
date until the eleventh. The worst feature
of this gap was that nothing seemed to have
gone before it and nothing followed it, that
would give a clew. Now in the previous
November, just before one of the empty
spots, there was a letter in which he said:
“ I expect to be in Chicago Thursday and
Friday of this week;” and in December of
the same year, after five days of nothing at
all in the way of filed carbon copies, there
was one that began: “Since talking with
you in Cleveland day before yesterday,”
and so on.

  But if this particular gap indicated a
trip, it had been a different kind of trip,
because there was not a solitary word in
any letter of the fourth as to where he was
going, and there wasn’t a word in any letter
after the eleventh as to where he had been.
And—oh, well, I’m human, of course. I’ll
admit that I put in a minute or two won-
dering whether this queer reticence did
mean anything, but it was only a minute
01* two. I know Mr. Berford, and on some
counts I’m proud to work for him, because
a citizen who speaks the unqualified truth
just one hundred times out of a possible
hundred is quite a man.

  However, wondering wasn’t getting me
very far, and I’d been staring into those
files for an hour or more, and the clock had
worked beyond half past six. I hated not
to make a job of it, but there was no help
for that. I went off to find some dinner
and then get uptown to Mr. Berford’s home
and tell him the worst

  He lives in a dandy old mansion, a couple
of dozen steps from Central Park—one of
those wide, white affairs they used to con-
struct when land was a little cheaper and
building mechanics didn’t have to support
servants and automobiles themselves. It
seems like a lot of house for one man to
occupy, but the president is fond of it; his
father built it, and his parents both died
there, and the place has a certain aristo-
cratic dignity that fits the boss very nicely.

  I expected to find him considerably fret-
ted about what had happened that after-
noon. He wasn’t. The old butler, who must
182

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

be nearly one hundred, and has been with
the family since his boyhood, showed me
into the library, and pretty soon Mr. Ber-
ford himself appeared, looking like at least
one million dollars in his evening togs;- and
so far from seeming worried, he grinned in
the friendliest way and said:

  “ Well, Henry, where was I?”

  “ I don’t know, sir.”

  “ Didn’t you stay and look?” the presi-
dent asked, and stopped grinning.

  “ I did, and there wasn’t a thing to be
found,” I said. “ There wasn’t a letter
written in your office between the fourth
and eleventh of that January and—”

  “ But of course there was!” he snapped.
“ I was in the city then; I—er—that is, I
can’t recall being anywhere else about that
time, although it’s a long while ago.
You’ve overlooked something, Henry.”
“That’s possible, sir,” I said; “but if I
did it wasn’t in your private file. I emptied
the whole of that January and part of the
December before on your desk, before I
gave it up, and then went over every let-
ter!”

  After which, of course, one of those
nasty, curt, chilly rebukes was due—and it
didn’t come at all! The president stared
good and hard at me for a moment, and
then he grinned again and shrugged his
shoulders.

  “ Well, if there was nothing there, there
was nothing there, Henry—that’s all. Cu-
rious, of course, but it’s not important.
Sooner or later I’ll remember or discover
just what I was doing on that day, and
when I do I’ll call the directorate together
and break the news. Meanwhile, there’s
nothing to worry about.”

  “Well—to-morrow, sir—” I began.

  The president unbent still further. He
settled down on the arm of a big chair and
removed his cigar, looking whimsically at
me.

  “ Drat to-morrow! ” he said cheerfully.
“ I’ve recovered from the shock of finding
my impeccable character assailed for the
first time, Henry, and taken to thinking.
Almost beyond question, that woman was
somebody’s asinine idea of a joke.”

  “ I’d thought of that.”

  “ Had you really, Henry?” the president

said, with a dry smile. “ Well, the next
time inspiration of that character comes to
you in a similar crisis, don’t hesitate to
mention it—because I was so utterly thun-
derstruck that for a little while I wasn’t
able to think of much of anything. But
that’s what it was and we’ve seen the end
of it.”

  “ The end?”

  “ Of course. That pleasing young wom-
an will never return.”

  ■ “ Why not, sir?”

  “ Well, as nearly as I can follow the
probable working of the sort of brain that
must have been behind that performance,
its chief virtue lay in its surprise quality.
You can’t very well repeat the same sur-
prise. Also, should she turn up again, she’d
be virtually certain to run into a real third
degree and, possibly enough, some un-
pleasant consequences. She won’t turn up.”
“ I hope not, sir,” I said.

  “Oh, she won’t, Henry!” snapped the
president and it was plain that he was grow-
ing a trifle impatient with me for not agree-
ing instantly in the optimistic view. “ She’ll
never— Yes, Evans!”

  “ It’s Mrs. Storm and Miss Alicia, Mr.
Tom,” said the butler and showed all three
of his teeth in a smile. “ Come to take you
to the theater, sir, I believe, and sending
word in from the car that—”

  The president left that chair like a ten-
year-old kid! He was out of the room be-
fore the butler had finished.

  “ Right, Evans! Good night, Henry—
and thanks!” he called.

  There was an end of him for that night!
The butler came back with my hat and
coat in about five minutes and I went home,
feeling almost foolish—I don’t know why.
Maybe it was because I’d been worrying
like sin about not having been able to get
the boss all vindicated with carbon copies;
whereas, in point of fact, the whole affair
seemed to have slipped from his own shoul-
ders like a drop of water from a duck’s
back! However, if he wasn’t concerning
himself about the strange lady, there was
no reason why I should; I had all but for-
gotten her myself by bedtime.

  And he was quite as cheerful when he
appeared at the office next morning! He
WHERE

WAS I?

183

wore the same rapt expression that had
come over his face when the butler an-
nounced that Miss Alicia was waiting for
him; he hummed little tunes; he was just
floating around on a pretty pink cloud!

  ICOh!—I’d nearly forgotten,” he said,
when he had been down for half an hour
or more. “ No word from the lady of yes-
terday, I take it?”

  “ No, sir.”

  “ Won’t be,” grunted the president, and
reached over for the three letters at his left.
“ Letter to James R. Gribton, Henry;
ready?”

  There is something very convincing about
Mr. Berford, in whatever he says or does.
By two o’clock, for no particular reason ex-
cept that she hadn’t telephoned or material-
ized, I began to feel quite sure myself that
the fool girl would never show her face
again. Up to that time I had been more
than dubious about it, but those little
hummed tunes and that new' grin of his
did their work on me, too. When four
o’clock came and the directors sent in word
that they were assembled and ready to
pass sentence, I marched in with Mr. Ber-
ford with much the same jaunty step!

  There was nothing jaunty about the di-
rectorate. No sign of a smile appeared on
one of those five faces, although Mr. Ben-
nett did make a sickly effort at one. They
just nodded and grunted their several greet-
ings as the president took, his place and
then all hands sighed. To have made the
picture perfect, there should have been a
body on the table!

  “ Shall we—er—open the meeting for-
mally?” Mr. Berford said, w7ith a smile.

  Craven looked at his watch.

  “ Hey? No, Berford. Not necessary yet.
It’s only eight minutes past four. Girl’s
late. Women always are, of course. No,
we’ll do nothing until she gets here!”

  The president shrugged and grinned.

  “ I’m afraid that we’re destined to do
very little at this meeting, then.”

  “ What does that mean?”

  Mr. Berford looked at him tolerantly.

  “ Well, Mr. Craven, I’ll confess that as
yet I haven’t guessed the complete answer
to yesterday's nonsense. Eventually, you
may be sure that I mean to find it and to

take proper action. But I am convinced
that somewhere among my friends or ac-
quaintances there is one congenital idiot w7ho
sent that girl here as a joke. She will not
be with us again to-day.’

  Craven sat up and stared.

  “ Oho! She w7on’t, hey?”

  “She will not!” said the boss, so con-
vincingly that Mr. Bennett relaxed!
Craven smiled wickedly.

  “ So, after all, you managed to find her
and to fix her!” he exclaimed.

  “ I did what?” thundered the president,
and glared at him so suddenly, so terribly
that Craven pushed back his chair and laid
his hands on the arms, all ready for flight!
“ No, sir! I did not! And by the Al-
mighty—”

  “There, Tom, there!” Mr. Bennett put
in hurriedly. “ We—the rest of us—know
perfectly well that you did nothing of the
sort. And as for you, Craven, be suspi-
cious, if you must. You can’t help it, I
suppose. But for Heaven’s sake don’t make
yourself ridiculous!”

  The soured director nodded rather dizzily.
“ You—I fear that you misconstrued the
thought behind the question,” he said. “ It
impressed me that, after all, this had been
the wisest thing to do in the circumstances.
That is to say, if the girl had been—or has
been—satisfactorily silenced, Berford, you
need have no slightest hesitation, so far as
I am concerned, in speaking frankly of the
matter. Yesterday, I was inclined to see
the affair straight through on its—all—de-
merits. To-day I should be vastly pleased,
Berford, at any positive assurance you may
be able to give that the woman is per-
manently out of the w7ay! ”

  Once more, the president was calm
enough to grin as he lit his cigar.

  “ I would go far to please you, Mr.
Craven,” he said, “ but as it happens, the
idea of squaring her for something I’d never
done did not occur to me; and, had»it, I
should have found myself without a sus-
picion of where the lady was to be located.”
His tone grew more brisk as he turned to
the others. “ How long are we to wrait?”

  “ Oh, until quarter past,” Jones said. “ If
she’s not here by that' time, she’s not
coming.”
184

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  “ No, make it half past four,” Craven
suggested quickly. “ Any woman might
easily be delayed fifteen minutes.”

  “ And if she has not appeared by that
time, we are to assume that the pleasure
of her presence is to be denied us?”

  “ Huh? I presume so,” Craven grunted.
“ I’m quite as willing to make it five
o’clock or half past five,” the president
said.

  “ Four thirty’ll do!” said Craven.

  He sat back with his watch in his hand.
Perhaps the rest of them would have liked
to do the same thing, but with Craven,
the horrible example of a director, keeping
tabs on the time, they refrained. Instead,
Bennett started a nice little conversation
about some of the finer points of Mr. Ber-
ford’s annual report to the directors and the
others joined in readily. The boss himself
smoked and grinned contentedly.

  And the minutes jogged along and there
was nothing to be seen by the eye I kept on
the door. After what seemed a long, long
while, Moreland yawned and said:

  “ Must be more than half past now, isn’t
it, Craven?”

  “ It is twenty-eight minutes after!”

  “ Two more, eh? What were you saying,
Mac?”

  Macpherson went on with what he had
been saying and it took time. Mr. Craven,
presently clicked together the case of his
old-fashioned watch and, with a sigh,
dropped it into his pocket; and Mr. Ben-
nett cried:

  “ Half past?”

  “ It is twenty-five minutes to five.”

“ Hey? Five minutes past the limit, is
it?” said the genial director, and treated
us to that big laugh of his. “ Well, by
George! I think you’re vindicated, Tom!”
“ Thanks,” the president said briefly.

  “ In all our minds?”

  “Yes!” said four old gentlemen, to-
gether.

  “ In your mind, Craven? Hey? Speak
up!” snapped Bennett.

  “Eh? Hum—I suppose so!”

  Farther than that, apparently, he did not
care to go. Mr. Bennett turned away quite
disgustedly and looked fondly at our presi-
dent.

  “ Now, Thomas, I think this absufd mat-
ter is closed!”

  “ And the meeting adjourned?”

  “ Yes! ”

  The president leaned forward unsmil-
ingly.

  “ Well, before this gathering breaks up,
may I be permitted a word or two of a
purely personal nature?”

  “ A thousand of them! ”

  “All right. Gentlemen!” the boss said
slowly. “ I have been with this firm al-
most since boyhood. It pleased you, some
years back, to make me its president. In
all the time that I have been connected
with the company, you have had every
ounce of everything that was in me. I
have had hardly another thought, hardly
another reason for existence, than service
to this company. I’m not trying to pose
as the perfect man—far from that. But
I do feel compelled to say that never in all
my life, in this office or out of it, have I
consciously lied or consciously done a wrong
thing or—”

  “Why, we know that well enough!”
Macpherson cried.

  “ Yes, but you didn’t know L yesterday
and you didn’t know it until half past four
to-day!” said Mr. Berford and, quiet as
he was trying to be, his words dripped bit-
terness. “ Yesterday, through the agency
of some fool, a woman came in here and ac-
cused me of—I don’t know what and you
don’t know what. And within five minutes
of that time suspicion of myself was ex-
tremely evident!”

  “ Well, you see, Tom,” Mr. Jones began,
“ human nature’s what it is and not what it
ought to be, and when that girl popped in
so unexpectedly—”

  “ You immediately concluded that I was
the man who had ruined her life, or some-
thing of the kind. That’s just what I’m
talking about. Gentlemen, if suspicion of
my personal or my business character is
really so near the surface as appears, it
seems to me that the time has come to
tender my resignation!”

  Three seconds, they stared at him. Then
they began to boil! They surged out of
their chairs, even to Craven, and came
around to Mr. Berford., all talking and pro-
WHERE WAS I?

185

testing at once, all trying to pat him or
wave their hands before him. They babbled
for one full, noisy minute before Bennett’s
big voice rose above the tumult.

  “ Oh, my dear boy? My dear boy! That’s
preposterous! Natural—don’t blame you a
bit—but preposterous! Can’t be contem-
plated for an instant! The firm couldn’t
run without you! Shows what a lot of old
imbeciles can do to a wonderful man and—
see here, gentlemen!”

  They subsided and looked at him.

  “ We owe Tom about as abject an apo-
logy as it is possible to make! That’s my
sense of the matter. Is it yours?”

  It seemed to be.

  “ And it shall be made! It is made, right
here and now, Tom! In the name of this
board, I beg your pardon!”

  “ Well, perhaps it’s not necessary to—”
the president began with a faint smile.

  “ Yes, it is! Yes, it is! And we’ll put
the thing into lasting form, Tom! We’ll
put it into such shape that you’ll be able
to poke it under our noses if ever we try
the same trick on you again! We’ll adopt
a set of resolutions and have them properly
engrossed and presented to you, Tom.
Upon my word, that’s precisely what we’ll
do!” said the repentant director, and the
others nodded. “ We’ll put them in shape
at once. Henry!”

  “ Yes, sir?” I said.

  “ I wish to dictate them to you. Take them
down very carefully and give me a type-
written copy just as soon as possible. Now,
let me see. Now—let me think a moment! ”
He scowled heavily and thought; and I
sat there and waited and also did some
thinking.

  Because really it was a queer thing to
watch, the way a man not thirty-five could
dominate those old gentlemen. He always

seemed to do it when he wanted to; he was
doing it now, and he had them licked! Even
Craven had given up glancing at the door
and seemed about as conscience-stricken as
the rest of them. Maybe it was the mem-
ory of our president’s father, who must have
been an even more wonderful man; what-
ever it was, that threat of resigning on the
spot had given them all a shock.

  “Here! I have it, I think!” Mr. Ben-
nett said suddenly. “ If any of you have
any suggestions to make, hold me up and
make them. Ready, Henry? We’ll say
something like this: Whereas, by reason of
a most unfortunate and baseless charge
made by an unknown woman against—”

  “ Make that £ person ’ instead of c wom-
an/ ” Macpherson suggested, cautiously.
“ That might be found lying around fifty
years after Tom was dead and start any
sort of scandal in his family.”

  “ Eh? Yes, that’s true, I suppose. That’s
a good idea. Where was I? Oh, yes—
made by an unknown person, Henry. Make
that person. Unknown person, this board
has seemed to censure its beloved—”

  The reason he stopped there, I presume,
was that he saw that I was no longer listen-
ing. It was the truth—I wasn’t! Beautiful
as those resolutions promised to be, they
just drifted away before what was happen-
ing over by the door.

  The knob had turned with an abrupt
jerk and the confounded door was opening.
And it stopped and for two or three sec-
onds I sighted what looked like Jimmy, the
office boy, having a wrestling match with
somebody. Then suddenly Jimmy got the
worst of it and disappeared, and the portal
swung wide open and in she came, the same
pretty girl in the same quiet clothes.

  She was nearly an hour late, of course
—but she was there!

TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK

v	v	v

THE 186TH NOVEL, ORIGINALLY PRINTED SERIALLY IN THIS MAGA-
ZINE, TO BE PUBLISHED IN BOOK FORM IS

HOPALONG CASSIDY RETURNS

By CLARENCE E. MULFORD, author of “ Hopalong Cassidy,” etc.

(Argosy-Allstory Weekly, December 15, 1923, to February 16, 1924.)
Published in book form■ by Doubleday, Page & Co., New York. Price $2.00.
By FRED MacISAAC
A NOVELETTE IN TWO PARTS—PART /

CHAPTER I.

TREASURE TROVE.

EIGHT THIRTY o’clock of a winter
morning is disagreeable anywhere,
but it was particularly unpleasant on
the front end of a Jersey City ferryboat
jammed with shivering Jerseyites bound for
work in the skyscrapers of lower Manhat-
tan.

  Harry Hilwin stood next to the rail, his
collar turned up and his hands thrust deep
in his pockets. When the man beside him
jostled him slightly he did not look pleased,
but the offender apologized, and Hilwin, a
good natured young man, grinned cheer-
fully back.

  “ Water looks cold, doesn’t it?” remarked
the stranger, a lean, angular man of about
sixty, who tossed a cigarette into the Hud-
son as he spoke.

The river was filled with floating ice;

it was gray and white in the dull morning
light.

  “ Not a good day for a swim,” replied
Hilwin perfunctorily..

  “ There is no accounting for taste,” an-
swered the other with a queer smile. “ You
look like a good sort. I make you a present
of my bag.”

  As he spoke he swung one leg over the
railing, followed it with the other, and be-
fore the astonished Hilwin could reach him,
he dived into the river.

  Almost petrified with horror, Hilwin
shrieked, “ Man overboard!”

  A dozen others repeated the cry. There
was a clanging of bells, blowing of whistles,
somebody tossed a lifebuoy over; deck
hands rushed to lower a boat; the paddle
wheels stopped; women screamed.

  Hilwin had followed the flight of the
body with his eye. He had seen it hit a
cake of ice and slide off into the gray

186
NOTHING BUT MONEY.

187

water. It did not reappear. The boat,
when lowered, found no trace of the suicide.

  The passengers talked excitedly. It was
quite a thrill for the ordinary suburbanite
on his way to work. The captain of the
ferryboat, accompanied by a policeman who
happened to be crossing, approached Hil-
win.

  <! The man who jumped over was talking
to you, wasn’t he?”

  “ Yes.”

  “ Did you know him?”

  “ No. Just happened to be standing
alongside of me.”

    Did he say anything about what he was
going to do?”

  “No. I said the water was pretty cold
for a swim, and he laughed and said there
was no accounting for tastes. Then he
jumped. He did it so quickly I didn't have
a chance to stop him.”

  “ That’s that,” said the policeman,” shut-
ting his notebook. “ Takes all kinds of
people to make a world.”

  After they had gone Hilwin remembered
the suicide had presented him with his bag.
He looked around for it and saw an ordi-
nary black traveling satchel at his feet.

  “ I suppose I ought to turn it over to the
police,” he reflected. “ Guess I’ll have
a look first. After all, he gave it to me and
it’s a good bag. Don’t suppose there is
anything valuable in it or he wouldn’t have
committed suicide.”

  So when the ferryboat tied up at her slip,
Hilwin picked up the black bag and walked
ashore with it.

  “ No use of dragging the thing all the
way to the office. Might as well check it
somewhere.”

  Accordingly he left it at a fruit store
which picked up small change by checking
parcels for folks coming off the ferries.

  Hilwin was an assistant auditor in a cot-
ton brokerage house in the Woolworth
Building. He was twenty-four years old,
unmarried and earned twenty-five dollars
per week. A graduate of Princeton, three
years out of college, he had found the busi-
ness of living rather difficult. Many college
men acquire influential friends, own wealthy
relatives and make valuable acquaintances,
but Hilwin, despite his success as a football

player, had been forced to rely strictly upon
his own.

  Like many youngsters, he felt that he
was not doing well; that he was underpaid
and unappreciated, and such an attitude on
his part made him a bit careless regarding
his work. He was twenty minutes late at
the office this morning.

  Braden, his deckmate, grinned at him dis-
agreeably. “ This time you are going to get
it, old man. Simpson was looking for you
and it sounds like the dead march.”

  Rather nervously Harry entered the inner
office, where J. E. Simpson, head of the
firm, lurked in his lair.

  “ Good afternoon, Mr. Hilwin. This
makes the fourth time you have been late
in three weeks.”

  “I’ve worked overtime ten nights in a
month without complaining to do the work
piled up as a result of insufficient help in
the outer office,” replied Harry with spirit.

  “ Well, well,” said the cotton magnate.
“ Is that a fact? I don’t like overtime. I
don’t ask it. I think a first class accountant
would not have to putter over his books
ten nights in three weeks. I am afraid you
will break down from overwork, Mr. Hil-
win. I wouldn’t have it on my conscience.
Get your time, Mr. Hilwin. Get your
time.”

  He busied himself with the papers on his
desk and Harry slid out of the office quietly
and considerably crestfallen.

  “ So that’s how it feels to be fired,” he
mused as he sauntered in an ostentatiously
careless fashion to his desk, ignoring the in-
quiring glances of Braden. However, his
packing preparations were unmistakable.

  “ Gee, old man, I didn’t think he would
really can you,” said Braden, contritely.
“ I’m sorry I laughed at you. I thought it
was just a tongue lashing.”

  “ I wasn’t canned. I resigned. I told
him that I had worked ten nights in the
last three weeks without complaining, and
I didn’t see why he should kick if I were
a few minutes late in the morning.”

  “ You talked to him like that? It’s a
wonder he didn’t bite you.”

   “ I’d like to see him try it,” snorted Hil-
win. “ I’m sick of this place anyway. The
next time you see me I’ll have a real job.”
188

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  “ Get one for me while you are about
it. Meanwhile if a couple of dollars will
help you—”

  “ Thanks, old man. That’s decent of
you, but I am getting my salary two days
ahead of time, so I’m flush.”

  In a few minutes Harry had shaken
hands all around, visited the cashier and
left the office. At nine forty-five in the
morning he found himself unemployed. It
didn’t feel so good. He lived with cousins
in Jersey City, and while they wouldn’t
press him for his room rent, he knew they
needed it. A new job was an immediate
necessity.

  “ Think I’ll go back and have a look at
that poor fellow’s bag,” he told himself as
he reached the Broadway pavements.
“ Then I’ll go through the want ads, though
it’s too late to have much luck with them
to-day.”

  In a few minutes he had repossessed him-
self of the satchel and was looking around
for a quiet spot where he might explore
its contents. One of the ferry waiting
rooms suggested itself to him as a place
where a man might fumble with a grip not
his own without attracting attention. At
that hour the outgoing boats were empty.
Once seated in an unoccupied section, he
attempted to satisfy his curiosity, but none
of his keys would fit. He was unable to
slip the lock by jerking at it, and at the
end of five minutes the thing was still un-
opened. It was not an expensive bag, and
he could always cut the leather, or rather
the imitation leather, of which it was made,
but that was a thief’s trick, and any police-
man seeing him carrying a bag with a cut
in the side would promptly investigate.

  “ Well,” thought Harry, “ I didn’t go
to bed until two this morning, and I
have no work to do. I could use a
few hours’ sleep, and I have money
in my pocket. The thing to do is hire
a room in some cheap hotel, cut the bag
and see what’s in it. Even if there are
only a few clean shirts, they will be worth
the price of the room. Besides there may
be some papers that would tell about the
suicide. Then I might sell the story to a
newspaper.”

  These arguments decided him. He left

the ferry, picked out a small, fairly clean
hotel, where they still rented rooms at a
dollar, and found himself in a dingy cell,
with a sad looking mattress on the single
bed.

  As soon as he had locked the door, and
taken off his coat and vest, he drew his
penknife and ripped a long slit in the side
of the bag.

  It was full of money.

  Unable to believe his eyes, he began pull-
ing the green contents out, and throwing
them on the bed. There were neat packages
of treasury notes, mostly in denominations
of twenty, and they were packed so tightly
in the bag they did not come out easily.
His knife had ripped one package nearly in
two.

  Remember that Harry was a low salaried
clerk. He had never owned more than
two or three hundred dollars at one time
in his life. The sight of a pile of green-
backs a foot high, lying on the bed, almost
unhinged his mind.

  “ They must be counterfeit,” he thought,
and he examined the packages more closely.
But if they were spurious, they were done
so cleverly that none but an expert could
detect them.

  If not counterfeit, then they must have
been stolen. The suicide had been a bank
cashier, robbed his bank and started for
New York. Perhaps his crime had preyed
on his mind, and the idea of prison so
overpowered him that he preferred to die
in the river.

  In that case, what bank did he rob?
Where was he from? There was nothing in
the bag to tell. Not a scrap of paper. No
change of underwear, nothing but money.

  Undoubtedly the bank would pay a big
reward for the return of the stolen cash.
On the other hand, wasn’t there danger in
approaching a bank and suggesting that its
money was in his possession?

  All sorts of strange thoughts crowded into
Hilwin’s head. He imagined that covetous
eyes were gazing at him, and he hastened
to pull down the window shade, and cover
the keyhole with his hat.

  “ What am I going to do? WThat can
I do? Supposing, oh, supposing I could
keep this money myself. He gave it to me.
NOTHING BUT MONEY.

189

It was a bequest. Perhaps he wasn’t a
thief, only crazy. If the money was right-
fully his, then it is rightfully mine. But
if he were crazy his heirs could get it away
from me.

  First it had better be counted, and then
hidden. Being an accountant by trade, he
went about the tabulation in a businesslike
manner with a pencil and a sheet of paper.
There were one hundred and fifty packages
of notes. There were fifty twenty dollar
bills in each package except ten packages
which held fifty hundred dollar bills. The
total contents of the bag was one hundred
and ninety thousand dollars.

  Convinced of this Harry feverishly stuffed
the bills back into the bag, regretting now
that he had cut it so carelessly. He re-
gretted also that he had picked his hotel
so casually. In one of these water front
hostelries they would murder a man for a
tenth of two hundred thousand dollars.

  His head was aching with excitement.
Utterly inexperienced, he was completely at
a loss what to do. Where can a man hide
two hundred thousand dollars? A rich man,
like old Simpson, could walk into his bank
and deposit it to his account without creat-
ing a ripple of interest or suspicion. Hil-
win realized that a penniless clerk who tried
to open an account with a handbag full of
greenbacks would probably arrive at police
headquarters. To keep the money about
his person was impossible—too bulky. As
to leaving the bag in a hotel room, that
would be utter madness.

  By this time Hilwin had decided to keep
the money if he could. Not having any
other information he felt he had a right to
believe that it had belonged to the man who
bequeathed it to him. If it developed that
the fellow was a thief and the persons who
had been robbed proved their claim, then
perhaps he would give it up, but he was
human enough to feel that they would have
to find him first before they had a chance
to prove ownership. “ Finding’s keepings ”
and “ possession is nine-tenths of the law,”
were the adages he adopted for his consola-
tion.

  He was not unaware that the strictly
ethical thing to do was to take the bag to
police headquarters and report all the cir-

cumstances connected with finding it, but
he felt that the authorities would hold the
treasure, and if there did happen to be a
reward offered for it, would probably pre-
vent him from getting much of it. At least
that was his opinion of the police.

  Nevertheless, he was in a perplexing situ-
ation. He wished to attract no attention to
himself whatever, and every expedient
which occurred to him seemed sure to draw
curious eyes.

  Renting a safety deposit box suggested
itself to him, but even that meant giving
references and perhaps an explanation of
why a young man in his simple circum-
stances should need a very large box.

  The first thing to do was to get rid of
the damaged satchel, and he decided to let
future operations wait on that. Common
sense told him his bag would be safe for a
few minutes in the room he had just rented,
and when he saw a key in a closet door
he determined to take that chance. How-
ever, in case the bag might vanish during
his absence he filled his overcoat pockets
with several packages of greenbacks

  He found a leather shop near by and pur-
chased another bag in very short order He
almost ran back, and his heart sank sicken-
ingly when he reached his room, for the
door stood open and a maid was bustling
around

  <! Oh, I thought you’d left, sir,” she
grimaced and went out. He tried the closet
door. Still locked. His hand trembled as
he opened it. Glory be, the treasure was
still his!

  During the walk to the store he had de-
cided that his next move must be to a first
class hotel, where a man laden down with
money wouldn’t attract so much attention.
Carrying both bags, but with the money
transferred to the good one, he left the
water front tavern and hailed a taxi. On
the way uptown he decided to leave the torn
bag inside the taxi, rather a stupid thing,
but Hilwin was young in crime.

  He left the taxi at the door of the Hotel
Pendorf, and saw it drive swiftly away, car-
rying the suicide’s bag. Then it struck
him that the next passenger would discover
it, and seeing the slit in its side, suspect a
robbery, Investigation would lead back to
190

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

the Pendorf, which meant that he would
better place a good part of the city between
him and that pretentious caravansary. Hil-
win’s wealth was causing him more worry
already than the last six months’ labor in
Simpson’s cotton office.

  At the Mastodon, where he arrived in
another taxi, he registered under his own
name before he thought that' it might not
be the best thing to do. Docilely he fol-
lowed the bellhop to the elevator, a deep
furrow in his boyish brow.

  Once in his room he stretched out on the
bed and tried to remember all the detective
stories he had ever read.

  He didn’t recall any of the heroes of light
fiction who were in his peculiar predica-
ment. There were plenty of persons who
eloped with bags of money or securities,
but they never seemed worried about ways
and means. Here he was, with a fortune
come by honestly, so far as he knew, and
he was completely embarrassed. He im-
agined he had aged years since morning.

  One idea came to him as he lay flat on
his back. He would put the packages of
hundred dollars bills in a neat bundle and
have them locked in the office safe. He
would also carry as much as he dared in
the pockets of his clothes.

  He felt, and rightly, that he was in a
different world at the Mastodon from the
business section down town and the Jersey
suburbs. Those hundreds of thousands of
underpaid clerks who inhabit the tall office
buildings of lower Broadway during the
day, and live in the backwoods of Jersey
or Brooklyn in small flats or installment
cottages were as remote from the Mastodon
and Park Avenue as if they were living in a
different planet. Occasionally a naughty
stenographer might invade these precincts
financed by her employer; but the clerks?
Never.

  And even the theater district of Times
Square would be completely blighted if its
patronage depended upon the work bees of
the lower Broadway hives.

  No, Hilwin felt he could stop at the Mas-
todon, spend money freely and get his treas-
ure safely deposited somewhere without
danger of recognition from his former as-
sociates. A telegram to his relatives in Jer-

sey that he was spending a few days with
friends in New York would allay that
anxiety.

  And for the first time he began to con-
sider the delights of money. Remember
that Harry was a college man. In his salad
days he had enjoyed glimpses into the
sunny places of life. To live luxuriously
at a first class hotel. To purchase tickets
for the front rows of the musical comedies
from the speculators. To dine in the ex-
pensive restaurants and look at ihe beauti-
ful women in their jewels and furs. To
become acquainted with such beauties and
entertain them himself. To travel in a deep
cushioned and glittering automobile. To
golf, and ride horseback. To attend Bo-
hemian parties where wine was drunk from
satin slippers. To exchange persiflage, per-
haps even to make love to actresses whose
photographs he had admired in the maga-
zines. Money could secure all this for him.
And being young, fairly good looking, and
unmarried, these things seemed worth while
to Hilwin.

  He shivered with delight just thinking
about them. And he was inclined to be-
lieve that a year or two of such delights
would be worth any penalty.

  “ Supposing I could live like a million-
aire for a couple of years. And supposing
then they found out that I had no right
to the money. They couldn’t take away
the fun I’d had, and jail wouldn’t be much
worse than going back to the grimy grind
I’ve just escaped from.”

  There was no key for the closet in this
hotel room, but Hilwin locked the bag, after
abstracting his packages of hundred dollar
notes, and carefully wrapping them up in
hotel stationery. Then he sauntered care-
lessly to the office and, shoving them
through the cashier’s grill, said: “ Kindly
put these packages in the safe.”

CHAPTER II.

A CLOSE SHAVE.

LET us pass over the next couple of days.
u Hilwin summoned courage to open ac-
counts in two neighboring banks for
five thousand dollars each, offering cash,
NOTHING BUT MONEY.

191

which was accepted without comment, and
securing a waiver of references on the
ground that he was stopping at the Masto-
don and had no friends in the city. He
also laid in a supply of clothing, suitable
to a wealthy young man living at an ex-
pensive hostelry.

  Harry always had had ideas regarding
clothing; ideas which he had hitherto been
unable to gratify. Three or four hundred
dollars were well spent in this direction.
Despite all his efforts, however, the money
bag remained two-thirds full. It now re-
posed in a very good trunk with a special
lock, and it didn’t worry him so much.

  He had read all the papers with minute
care. The suicide was dismissed with a
few lines, and no bank robbery loomed por-
tentously in the headlines.

  It was about seven in the evening. Harry,
in a well-fitting dinner suit, was lolling in a
big chair in the lobby, looking rather wist-
fully at the throng of pretty women who
walked about or parked themselves on the
hotel couches and easy chairs awaiting their
men. A few of them cast glances at Hilwin
which would have meant something to a
more experienced lounge lizard. It never
occurred to him that any of them could
be casually encountered.

  A youth about his own age, with sharp
features and the rather shifty glance of a
certain type of New Yorker dropped into
the next chair.

  “ Great place to see life,” he observed,
drawing a gold cigarette case from his
pocket, lighting a cigarette, and offering the
case to Hilwin.

  “ It sure is,” replied Harry, whose soli-
tary grandeur was getting on his nerves.

  “ Some of these wrens ain’t so magnifi-
cent as they look,” added the stranger.
‘c Sure thing some of them are on the pick-
up. Bet we could grab off a couple if we
started to work.

  “ Don’t try it. I live here.”

  “ You live here? How long?”

  “ Oh, three or four days.”

  “ Pretty steep, isn’t it?”

  “ I wouldn’t want to stand it indefi-
nitely.”

  “ Guess not. Say, what was in that
bag?”

  The bottom fell out of the world for Hil-
win. He had played poker enough to keep
a fairly wooden face, but inside he simply
curled up.

  “ Wha-what bag?” he stammered.

  “ Don’t pull that stuff. I was standing
right near you on the ferryboat. I saw you
walk off with the bag of the guy who
jumped overboard.”

  “ Oh! ” said Harry. “ That bag.”

  “ Yeh. Thought you’d remember it.”

  “ And you think I stole it?”

  “ Saw you grab it, kid.”

  “ If you were standing alongside of me
you must have heard him make me a pres-
ent of it.”

  “ Can’t say I did. But I’m not blaming
you for walking off with the bag. Would
have done it myself if I’d thought of it.
What was in it?”

  “ Nothing but some soiled linen. I threw
it away.”

  “ Didn’t even keep the bag?”

  “ No. Why should I? I have plenty
of bags and it wasn’t a good one.”

  “ Funny thing for a guy who lives at the
Mastodon to do; walk off with that bag,”
remarked the inquisitor. “ You didn’t look
as though you belonged up here that morn-
ing on the ferryboat.”

  “ I don’t see why I should answer these
questions,” complained Hilwin with what
indignation he could muster. “ You don’t
suppose a man with anything valuable in
his possession would have committed sui-
cide?”

  “ Not likely. How about pawn tickets?
Were there any?”

  “ There were not,” retorted Hilwin em-
phatically. “ Now let’s drop the subject.”
<c You looked to me like one of those
twenty-dollar-a-week clerks,” continued the
unwelcome acquaintance. “ Kind of a
quick change for you.”

  A laughing group stopped in front of the
two men at this instant. There were four
girls and three men. One of the latter
glanced casually at the pair and recognition
dawned in his eyes.

  “ If it isn’t Harry Hilwin!” he exclaimed.
“ Harry, I haven’t seen you since twenty-
one. Look, Bill, it’s old Hilwin, Princeton,
twenty-one! ”
192

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  Bill gave a whoop of joy and both
pounced upon Harry. A college reunion
followed; exclamations, reminiscences, do-
you-recalls ad nauseum—at least, to the
simple stranger who had been interrogating
Harry.

  “ What you’re doing to-night doesn’t
matter. You’re with us,” cried the chap
who had seen him first. “ Meet the girls.
Girls, this is Harry Hilwin, Princeton,
twenty-one. Played on the varsity, pitched
for the baseball team. Regular guy. He’s
coming with us. Miss Mabel Boardman,
Miss Helen Swan, and Miss Ruth Simpson.

  Hilwin acknowledged the introductions
with a little embarrassment. He was shak-
en by his interview with the fellow ferry-
boat voyager, and he felt that the interrup-
tion was very opportune. Surely the recog-
nition by a wealthy party of this sort must
convince the sharp-visaged man that he
didn’t owe his apparent prosperity to the
suicide’s bag.

  “ Who"' are we going?” he demanded.

  “ Dinner here. Then theater. Afterward
we’re bound for a Russian joint. Ruth
knows it. What’s the name of that place,
Ruthie?”

  “ Club Petroushka.”

  “ That’s it. Tough on false teeth.”
Chattering noisily they entered the din-
ing room, leaving a much puzzled young
man sitting alone.

  “ Name’s Harry Hilwin. Seems to be-
long all right. However, won’t do anyjiarm
to investigate.” These were his musings.
He rose and strolled carelessly toward the
phone booths. From one of these he called
the hotel desk.

  “ I want to talk to Harry Hilwin. What’s
his room number, please?”

  “ Hilwin. Just a minute. Room 1004.”
The unknown hung up, and jotted down
the number in a little memo book.

  “ Well, Harry, old socks,” he said under
his breath. “I’ll just take a look through
your bridal suite while you’re whispering
sweet nothings into the shell-like ear of
one of those wrens.”

  Then he chuckled silently.

  In the dining room meanwhile Harry was
sitting between two distractingly pretty girls
who kept asking embarrassing questions.

  “ Where have you been keeping yourself,
Mr. Hilwin? Dancing men are scarce, and
you have been very mean not to let your
college chums know how to find you.”
Hilwin smiled, a little bitterly. These
men were classmates, but hardly chums.
They had parted after commencement with-
out regret, for they had never traveled
the same paths in college. Even there
men with money and those with none found
little in common. He knew that in his ca-
pacity as a clerk in lower Broadway he
would be lucky if he got a cool nod of recog-
nition from these fellows. To-night at the
Mastodon, after a couple of cocktails, in a
party where one man had failed to show up,
they had fallen on his neck because he was
presentable and apparently prosperous.

  “ I hope you’ll let me make up for lost
time,” he parried. “ I am going to be in
New York right along, and I’m unmarried
and undoubtedly a great catch for any girl.”
This sally was greeted with peals of
laughter, and all four girls proposed to him
at once after the brazen manner of the girl
of 1924.

  “I’ll watch you all work this evening and
reserve my decision,” he informed them.

  Bill Cromwell nodded approvingly and
whispered to Jimmie Slaven: “ Hilwin
was on the teams, but not in the societies.
Don’t remember seeing much of him.”

  “ Always a good sort,” indorsed Slaven
with the pride of a discoverer. “ Knew he
would fit in all right. That’s why I an-
nexed him.”

  The dinner was a very elaborate affair.
Hilwin quivered with fright at the prices on
the menu and could not prevent himself
from doing problems in mental arithmetic
to estimate the total amount of the orders.
And then he recalled that his pockets were
bulging with money and he could afford to
pay for many such dinners.

  “ Did you ever meet my father down
town?” demanded Ruth Simpson, having
extracted from Hilwin that he had been in
business in lower Manhattan. “ He’s a cot-
ton broker. They say he’s a hard man to
beat in a deal.”

  Old Simpson’s daughter! That was a
coincidence. Hilwin could imagine the old
man’s face if he thought his daughter was

                         2	A
NOTHING BUT MONEY.

193

cooing pleasantly into the ear of the clerk
he had fired a few days before. And cau-
tion told him that he must not become
friendly with Miss Simpson, because her
father was one person who knew him for
what he was.

  It was going to be hard snubbing Miss
Simpson, however. She was one of those
girls whose eyes made you think of limpid
pools and whose smile seemed to bathe you
in radiance. And she was apparently in-
terested in Harry. Her own crowd de-
clared she was making a dead set at him.

  Harry’s acquaintance with girls since he
left college had been limited by his pocket-
book. Girls mean expense in New York.
Theaters, motion pictures, dinners, dances
are required of every young man who wishes
to make good. He knew a number of girls
in Jersey who would consent to let him
park in their parlors, but even these re-
quired escort to a dance or a theater occa-
sionally. And what these little attentions
had been wont to do to his twenty-five
dollars per!

  A girl of Miss Simpson’s type was a new
experience for him. Not much prettier per-
haps than the stenographers and bookkeep-
ers of his acquaintance, she had the aid of
hairdresser, modistes, jewelers, furriers and
beauty shops to accentuate her natural ad-
vantages. And she had the confidence of a
society girl, the experience of a hundred
flirtations, and the amazingly frank, almost
masculine way of talking which modem
New York girls have adopted.

  When a beautiful little thing you have
just met, on whom you hope you might
make an impression, suddenly looks at you
pleadingly and says: “ I love you. Will you
marry me?” it sort of takes your breath
away. It’s unfair, embarrassing and it
knocks a man who isn’t used to such treat-
ment off his pins. And if such an unpro-
voked assault causes the victim to blush,
hesitate and possibly accept the offer it fills
the little hussy with unholy glee.

  Pocket flasks circulated freely and it was
nearly nine o’clock when the crowd decided
to move on to the theater. In two taxis
they set out for Broadway. In some man-
ner Ruth Simpson fell to Harry and she
snuggled against him in the cab in a most

   3	A

inviting manner. When he was slow in
putting his arm around her she grabbed
it and personally placed it in proper position
herself, asking almost petulantly:

  “ Where were you brought up?”

  The play was a musical comedy, full of
pretty girls and poor comedians. Musically
it was like all the rest. Harry thought it
marvelous, however, because of the com-
pany he was in, the drinks he had enjoyed,
and the general hilarity. Suddenly, to-
ward the end of the second act, a sharp
shiver ran through him. He remembered
the inquisitive stranger in the lobby and the
bag of money, unguarded in his room. After
his peek into paradise to-night it would be
too cruel if anything happened to his
treasury. He must get away for a little
while.

  Almost rudely he excused himself to Ruth
Simpson and the rest, saying he would join
them later at the Club Petroushka, and tore
up the aisle. To jump into a taxi and reach
the Mastodon was the matter of a few
minutes.

  “ My key,” he demanded of the clerk at
the desk.

  The clerk looked in the rack. “ Not here,
Mr. Hilwin. Isn’t it in your pocket?”

  “ No, indeed,” replied Harry after a
rapid search.

  A second clerk looked around. “ Why,
I sent up your key a few minutes ago, Mr.
Hilwin. You phoned downstairs that you
had gone up without it and I sent it up by a
bellboy,”

  “ I must have missed him,” muttered
Harry, making for the elevator, his mind
in a whirl.

  Evidently that crook in the lobby had
got into his room. By this time the bag
might be gone. The elevator stopped at
the tenth floor and he darted toward his
room. The key was in the lock outside.
He threw open the door and beheld an
alarming spectacle. The trunk was open.
Seated on his bed was the rat-faced youth
from the lobby, blandly counting the con-
tents of the bag.

  This person looked up, recognized the in-
vader and remarked with a sigh of relief:

  “ Oh, it’s you. I didn’t expect you back
for hours.”
194

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  “ How dare you break into my room?
Put that money back. I’ll turn you over to
the police,” exclaimed Hilwin in righteous
indignation.

  The burglar put his hand in his pocket
and drew out an ugly looking little auto-
matic.

  “ Ever see one of these things? If you
had any sense you’d have bought a couple
yourself, with all this jack to guard. Sit
down, kid, and make yourself at home.
Sit down, I said!”

  “ You wouldn’t dare shoot.”

  “ Wouldn’t I? Say, for a quarter of
what’s here I’d riddle you so full of holes
you’d look like a sieve. Don’t kid yourself
you’re up against anything soft. How
much money was there in this bag?”

  “ What you see.”

  “ You must have spent some of it. Those
glad rags. All the clothes in that closet.
I’ll bet you’re carrying a wad right now.
However, there’s nothing small about me.
I ain’t going to ask you to make good what
you’ve spent.”

  “ Thank you.”

  “ Don’t mention it,” with a graceful wave
of the hand carrying the automatic. “ Why
do you suppose a guy with all this jack
wanted to jump off the ferry? It beats me.
You know I almost fell for your story
about a couple of dirty shirts being all you
found, but I’m one of those careful ginks
that likes to check things up. Efficiency,
that’s my middle name. So I waited till I saw
you folks start for the theater, and then I
allowed you an hour to get interested in the
play, and then I started to work. I came up
here and phoned down to the clerk to send a
bellboy up with your key. Figured they
might know you at the desk, but that a
bellboy wouldn’t. Worked like a charm.
It’s a wonder more hotel rooms ain’t robbed,
it’s so easy to get into them.”

  “ I’m not interested in your methods,”
said Hilwin bitterly.

  “ Aw, be sociable. Just to show what
a good guy I am, I ain’t going to bother to
count this. I ain’t going to ask how much
you got away with.”

  “ Thanks!”

  “ But there’s the matter of making my
getaway that’s bothering me. All I need

to do is to get out of the hotel without at-
tracting any attention, because I’m not wor-
rying about you getting the police on my
trail. Not you. You’re too scared they’ll
ask you where you got the money. So all
I have to do is to fix you so you won’t
make any fuss as I exit. Of course, I didn’t
expect you back, but I always carry a little
bottle of chloroform. I’ll just give you
enough to put you to sleep for a half an
hour or so, and then everything will be
O. K.”

  The chatty robber was sitting on the bed
during this conversation. Hilwin had
dropped into a chair about three feet away.
The crook was covering him with the auto-
matic held in his right hand and he now
began to fumble in his vest pocket for the
phial of chloroform.

  When Hilwin went to Princeton he had
played football for four years and one of
the best things he did was to punt. So
confident was the crook that he was deal-
ing with a frightened amateur in violence
that he dropped his eyes toward the hand
which was feeling in his vest pocket. As
he did so Harry’s right foot shot out and
his patent leathered toe struck the hand
holding the revolver with all the power be-
hind it of a leg which used to send the pig-
skin fifty yards.

  The automatic flew up and struck the
ceiling. There was a shriek of pain from
the crook, for the kick had broken some
bones in the hand. And then Hilwin fell
upon him with the sure grip of a football
player.

  “ Ouch, ouch. Let me up. You’ve
broken my hand. Oh, my God, the
pain.”

  Hilwin rose from his victim and picked
up the pistol, which fortunately had not
discharged.

  “ Put that money back in the bag,” he
commanded.

  Sniveling with pain the crook tried to
obey orders. Without any compunction
Hilwin let him finish the job. He was
breathing heavily, more from triumph than
from his exertions, and he was wondering
what wfas the next move.

  “ Now you listen to me,” he declared to
the crook. “ That money belongs to me.
NOTHING BUT MONEY.

195

I intend to put over a big deal to-morrow,
which explains why all this cash is in my
room. There was nothing in the bag given
me by the suicide except a few dirty shirts,
which I threw away. I am not afraid of
the police, nor you nor anybody else. I
am going to keep your automatic because
people who don’t know how to handle such
things shouldn’t have them. And I am not
turning you over to the police because I
want to rejoin my friends and haven’t time
to be bothered with you. I don’t care
whether you believe what I tell you or not.
If you ever cross my path again I
won’t break your hand; I’ll break your
neck.”

  “ I was a fool not to shoot you on sight,”
grumbled the crook as he nursed his hand.
“ Hey, not that. You said you wouldn’t.”
For Hilwin had taken the telephone and
spoke into it: “ Send up the house de-
tective.”

  “ I want to make sure you get out of
the hotel, and I’m going to ask him to
escort you out,” explained Hilwin.

  “ Look here,” declared the unsuccessful
robber, “ Nobody knows but me how you
got this money. Give me half of it and I’ll
keep quiet. Otherwise I’ll get it all, be-
cause I’m not through with you by any
means.”

  Hilwin laughed with a merriment he
didn't feel. “ Nobody knows but you!” he
exclaimed. “ You "haven’t much sense.
Why if I had stolen this money and you
were the only witness, it would be the best
thing in the world for me to empty this
gun into you. You’re a thief. I find you
in my room. I struggle with you, take your
gun away from you and to protect myself
I have to kill you. I’d get a vote of thanks
from the police.”

  “ Yes, but you won’t do it. You ain’t
got the guts.”

  “ I’ve guts enough, but I have nothing
to fear from you. So why should I com-
mit murder?”

  “ Don’t do it on my account,” said the
crook with a sour grin.

  At tliis moment the house detective
bustled in.

  “ This gentleman refuses to leave my
room, though I don’t want to see him any

more. Will you escort him out of the hotel
and make sure he doesn’t hang around
outside?”

  “ Come on, kid,” said the detective.
“ Want me to make a pinch?”

  “■ No, just throw him out.”

  “ This ain’t no way to treat a friend,”
protested the crook moving toward the door
with the detective. “ I’ll see you again
when you’ll be sorry you didn’t do busi-
ness with me.”

  “ Good night.”

  As soon as he was alone Harry lost his
air of confidence. He was actually very
much frightened. It was bad enough to be
holding on to a fortune that he wasn’t
really certain he owned, when he thought
that nobody knew he had it. Now he hacl
active enemies, for the crook would prob-
ably call in assistance, and he would have
to look out for trouble. And the worst of
it was that he couldn’t ask the authorities
to protect him.

  He remembered that he had to rejoin
the theater party at the Russian restaurant
because if he didn’t show up it might start
them talking about him. Besides, that
daughter of Simpson’s was a mighty fas-
cinating girl.

  And the bag must not remain in the bed-
room a minute longer.

  Whether the hotel safe would accommo-
date anything as large as the bag, he did not
know, and he was afraid to ask. But he
thought of a simple hiding place. Examin-
ing the grip and discovering that the crook
had not damaged the lock but opened it
with a key of some sort, he locked it again
and started downstairs.

  When he reached the ground floor he did
not pass into the street, for he figured the
robber might be lurking around. Instead,
he went to the basement and out through
a passage leading directly into the Grand
Central Station. Making sure he wasn’t
followed, he stepped up to the package-
room window and checked the bag. In a
place where so much baggage was being
handled he felt sure the clerks were too
busy and probably too honest to go through
anything so ordinary looking as his hand
bag. And he felt it would be the last place
in the world a crook would think of looking.
196

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  After which he jumped into a taxicab and
sought the restaurant where he expected to
meet his new friends.

CHAPTER III.

TWO KINDS OF GIRLS.

THIS restaurant was one of the new in-
timate clubs which happen to have
caught the fancy of New York so-
ciety. With only twenty-five or thirty
tables, the effect was something like a big
private party. Very high prices kept the
clientele fairly select and the guests felt at
liberty to let themselves go rather more
than they would do in a large hotel cafe.

  Harry caught his friends as they were
checking their garments and concealing
their drinkables in side and hip pockets.
A general shout went up at his appearance.
One might think he had been a member of
the crowd for years. Ruth Simpson seized
his right arm and another girl his left and
both scolded him tenderly for daring to ab-
sent himself, “ even for a few minutes.”
Hilwin smiled rather grimly when he
thought of all that had happened in those
few minutes, but he had sense enough to
keep the cause of his mirth to himself.
Shortly he was whirling about in a dance
with the Simpson girl, rather bothered by
the abandon with which the society girls
gave themselves up to the raptures of jazz.
Miss Simpson impressed herself upon him
in a manner which would have caused in-
terference by the floor director at one of
the dancing parties in Jersey City. And
yet he knew perfectly well that if he took,
the slightest liberty he would suffer a com-
plete social eclipse.

  Back at the table he found a new couple.
Miss Mildred Duroy, the well known mus-
ical comedy singer, had been plucked at
the stage door and brought to the party.
Miss Duroy sat next to Hilwin and was
soon confidential with him. Her partner
busied himself with Ruth Simpson.

  “ Yes, it’s a rotten show,” said Miss
Duroy. “ I don’t think it ■will last another
couple of weeks. It’s the most curious thing
that pieces like this get a chance wrhile
really good shows can’t find a producer.”

  “ How do you know they are good shows
if they are not produced?” demanded Bill
Cromwell, listening in for a second or two.

  “Any simp can tell a real score and a
good book,” replied Miss Duroy. “ Now
I know a piece, which was really written
for me. It has a musical score which would
knock Broadway cold and one of the clever-
est librettos ever turned out. The piece
is fairly inexpensive, too. Forty thousand
dollars would put it on, and twenty has
already been raised. The other twenty
can’t be found, so there goes that.”

  “ Is there much money in a successful
musical comedy?” asked Hilwin innocently.

  “ Is there money?” shrilled Miss Duroy.
“ Where were you raised? Why, a success-
ful musical show can make five thousand
dollars a week. Jim Montgomery made a
million out of ‘ Irene ’ and look at what
George M. Cohan cleaned up in ‘ Little
Nellie Kelly.’ ”

  “ You mean to say there is a chance of
making a few hundred thousand for an
investment of twenty thousand or so.”

  “ Sure,” declared Cromwell, and you can
win thirty-six thousand to one in roulette
if you pick the lucky number.”

  “ Be still,” interposed Miss Duroy sharp-
ly. “ It’s not the same at all. If you have
a good show you can’t lose, and this is a
good show. Can I interest you in it, Mr.
Hilwin?”

  “ I am interested,” he declared seriously.
At this a hoot went up around the table.
The men looked at Hilwin with mingled
respect and pity; respect that he might
have twenty thousand dollars and pity that
he might be induced to risk it on a musical
show. The girls gazed at him with the in-
terest that any woman exhibits when a man
who is young and good looking is suddenly
discovered to have money to throw away.

  “ Miss Duroy has monopolized you long
enough,” declared Ruth, turning her back
on the man to whom she had been talking.
“ Come and dance.”

  “My angel! You wouldn’t take away
my angel! ” exclaimed the actress, throwing
her arms around Hilwin’s neck.

  “ I’ll say she won’t,” announced the man
Miss Simpson had deserted. “ She promised
this dance to me.”
NOTHING BUT MONEY.

197

  He promptly dragged Ruth to her feet,
and the others also scrambled out upon the
floor. Miss Duroy turned her big black
orbs full upon Hilwin and let loose her most
fascinating smile.

  “ Wouldn’t it be wonderful if you were
to make it possible for my show to be pro-
duced. Financiers of plays are usually the
most impossible people, but you would be
different.

  “ What fine times we could have to-
gether! What a success we would have!
How much money we would make, because
I don’t mind telling you I am to have a
percentage in the piece.”

  Hilwin was a simple youngster, though
not so simple as he had been a few days
before. He sensed the insincerity and the
artifice of the beautiful woman who was
attempting to beguile him. He realized
fully he was being vamped. He much pre-
ferred Ruth Simpson, boisterous flapper as
she was, to this sleek and perfumed
creature.

  But he was a person with a bagful of
money and that money was at present draw-
ing no interest and running frightful risks
in the checkroom of the Grand Central
Station.

  And he had been struck by an idea. If
he were able to put some of that money
mto an enterprise which would return him
huge sums on the investment in a short
period of time, he could turn the original
amount intact over to the rightful owner
if that individual ever showed up.

  “ Let me hear the music and read the
book,” he informed Miss Duroy, “ and if
I like it I’ll make an investment.”

  “Oh, you adorable person,” she ex-
claimed, and she kissed him full on the
mouth. The people at the next table
grinned and clapped their hands, but
Ruth Simpson, dancing by with her partner,
gave Miss Duroy a furious glance.

  “ That’s enough,” she declared. “ I’ve
got to save Harry Hilwin from that nasty
vamp.”

  “ Cut out the spooning, Harry, and
dance with me,” she demanded, and Harry
had nothing to do but obey. The vamp
lady grinned maliciously at Ruth. She had
finished her business deal

  “ You’re not going to be idiot enough to
put money into a musical comedy for that
woman?” asked Miss Simpson with more
indignation than she was justified in ex-
pressing to a man she had met for the first
time only a few hours before.

  “ Not for that woman. I don’t care an
awful lot for her,” said Harry. “ But I
have some loose change and a flyer in a
musical comedy sounds interesting, especial-
ly if the financial returns are as big as they
say.”

  “ I know a man who lost all his money
backing a musical comedy, and I don’t
want you to have the same experience. If
you have money to put to work my father
could invest it for you in the cotton busi-
ness, which is a lot safer.”

  “ Yes, but it takes a long time to get a
return in that business. I’m looking for
a quick turnover.”

  “ I believe you’re completely fascinated
by the woman. She isn’t any good. She
can’t sing and she can’t dance. All she
does is vamp men into putting money into
productions for her. I’m disappointed in
you. And if you could see where her lip-
stick came off on your cheek.” She laughed
meanly, as he tried to wipe it off with the
back of his hand.

  Harry didn’t get another chance with
Ruth during the remainder of the dancing.
Other men claimed her and he danced with
other girls, particularly with Miss Duroy,
who had evidently informed her escort that
there were business reasons why he must
permit her to devote herself to Hilwin. The
men attempted to chaff Harry on the
“ angel ” business, but Miss Duroy was so
much in earnest that they realized they had
better not interfere.

  “ When shall I see you—to-morrow?”
she asked Hilwin.

  “ Whenever you say.”

  “ Come to my apartment at the Giltmore
at two o’clock. Wre’ll have a little time
alone and then I’ll have you meet the author
and the composer and the man who in-
tends to produce the show.”

  “ It’s a date.”

  As the party went into the street Ruth
Simpson got a chance to say to Harry:
“ Come and see me any time. Better ’phone
198

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

Madison 02224. You’ll remember the
number.”

  “ If I forget everything else I’ll re-
member.”

  “ Better forget that vamp’s musical
comedy.”

  Hilwin laughed and waved his hand as
the taxis drove away.

  At two the next afternoon he inquired
for Miss Duroy at the Giltmore. That lady
who was still in bed gave a gurgle of ex-
citement when he was announced. She had
experience with angels. Many a man who
was willing to sprout theatrical wings at
one A. m. changed his mind and decided
to stay on earth in the cold gray morning.

  “ Don’t let him get away,” she said to
the clerk. “ Send him right up. I need
him in my business.”

  “ Quit your kidding, Miss Duroy,”
laughed the clerk as he hung up. “ The
lady is expecting you,” he explained to
Hilwin. “ You are to go up to her suite,

504”

  Miss Duroy was jiggling her telephone
receiver excitedly.

  “ Give me Bryant 02289 quick. Hello.
Mr. Rubenstein, please. Is that you,
Jake? All right. This is Millie. Hop
into a taxi right away. Put the script of
‘ Sweetheart Annie ’ in your pocket. And
try to get Bill Delaney with his music. I’ve
hooked a live one. Honest, this time
there’s something doing. I won’t let him
get away if I have to dance the ‘ hooch a
ma cooch ’ for him.”

  After this she passed into her bathroom
and made a swift but efficient toilet. Then
wrapping around her a negligee so beauti-
ful and expensive that it would have fed
a family of children for five years, and
slipping her bare feet into golden mules,
she emerged into her sitting room where
Harry had just been ushered by her maid.

  Seen in the daylight Mildred Duroy
wasn’t quite so exquisite as she appeared
in the candle lights of the Petroushka. But
she was still under thirty years old, her eyes
and: teeth were excellent, her hair was her
own and voluminous, and she boasted one
of the most perfect figures in the show
business, a figure which the negligee did
not entirely conceal.

  “ Oh, you dear man,” she greeted him.
Crossing the room in a few jumps, she
treated him to a warm embrace.

  He did not exactly suffer under this treat-
ment, but it made him a little uncom-
fortable.

  “ Now look here, Miss Duroy,” he be-
gan, when she had released him and he had
collapsed into a big armchair a few feet
away. “ I like you, and all that, but I’m
not here to talk business because I’ve fallen
in love with you. If this is a good show
and the prospects are good I’m interested.
If not, I'm not. And while I wouldn’t
want a better vamp than you if I wanted
to be vamped, I’m only interested in the
business side of the affair. You don’t have
to be nice to me to make me buy into a
really good show.”

  “ Oh, but Harry,” she exclaimed with a
pout. “ It isn’t that at all. Long before
we talked about the show last night I was
interested in you. I thought you were the
best looking fellow there and I gave the
chap who brought me the shake.”

  “ Well, I like you too, but this is busi-
ness.”

  “ And don't you love me a teeny weeny
bit?” she asked drawing her chair toward
him.

  “ I guess I love you about as much as
you love me. And I wish you’d get dressed.
Suppose somebody came in and caught
us.”

  “ You’re an idiot,” snapped Miss Duroy,
expressing her true opinion for once. “ The
people coming are friends of mine. How-
ever, if it will make you feel better I’ll
finish my toilet. You’ll find a copy of
‘ Our Dumb Animals ’ to read.”

  “ Where?” asked Hilwin innocently.

  “ Ye gods,” remarked Miss Duroy, and
vanished into her bedroom.

  “ Guess I’m being kidded,” grinned Hil-
win. “ I hope the manager and the author
won’t kiss me when they come in.”

  Five minutes after she had entered her
bedroom her ’phone tinkled again. It was
Mr. Rubenstein.

  “ Come to my bedroom door, Jake. I
want to see you before I introduce you to
the angel,” she said in a low voice.

  When Jake arrived, accompanied by Mr.
NOTHING BUT MONEY.

199

 Delaney, they were welcomed in her sanc-
 tuary. Jake was a short, stout, bald-headed
 and very greasy looking person. Delaney,
 the pianist, was tall, red-headed and had
 protruding teeth.

   “ What’s the big idea, Millie?”

   “ You got ‘ Sweetheart Annie?’ ”

   “ Say, old girl, my option on that ex-
 pired yesterday. I think Dillingham's go^
 ing to do it.”

  “ Oh, my God,”

   “ Can the hysterics. I brought another
 just as good.”

   “ What’s the name of it.”

   “ I dunno. What’s its name, Bill?”

   “ ‘ Queen o’ my Heart.’ ”

   “ It's a good title,” nodded Jake.

   “ Is it any good?”

   “ How do I know. 1 ain’t read it. Good
 as any of them. It was on top of the
 pile.”

   “ The score ain’t so bad,” said Bill “ I
 looked it over in the taxicab.”

   “ You poor fish,” hissed Miss Duroy.
 u Here I find a man with twenty thousand
 dollars to put on a show, and you ain’t even
 got a show.”

  “ Who ain't got a show?” demanded
 Rubenstein indignantly. “ If he’s got twen-
 ty thousand we’ve got a show.”

   “ But ‘ Sweetheart Annie ’ had a big part
 for me.”

   “ So has this. A corker.”

  “ How do you know; you haven’t
 read it.”

   “ Millie, I don’t have to read them.
 What’s a musical show, anyway? A bum
 plot, a lot of vaudeville acts, a flock of
 janes and all the gold and silver scenery
 you’ve got cash enough to pervide. If this
 sucker has the coin, the title role’s yours.”
 “ But suppose he doesn’t like it?”

  “ You read it to him and make him
 like it.”

   “ And the music?”

   “ Leave that to Bill. This guy is going
 to hear the best tunes from all the popular
 successes. Bill knows how to fix ’em up.
 And while Bill’s playin’ you’ll be holdin’
 his hand and I’ll be looking out the win-
 dow.”

   “ I’m not so sure that’ll work. This fel-
 low isn’t so terrible crazy about me.”

  “ Then how did you get him to put up
the jack?”

  “ I think he wants to do it for an in-
vestment.”

  “An investment! Oh, Lord!”

  “Holy Moses!”

  Both Bill and Jake went into hysterics
about this, but Millie held up a warning
hand. “ Look out. He’ll hear you. Now
go out and come in the silting room
door.”

  Meanwhile Harry Hilwin had been idly
looking out of the window That morning
he had redeemed his bag of money from
the railroad package room; boldly rented a
good-sized safety deposit box at one of the
banks where he had opened an account
and placed his greenbacks at last in a place
of absolute security. He had withheld
enough to double his balance in the two
banks, and he still carried in his clothes an
amount which would justify any yegg in
murdering him.

  When Jake and Bill had been introduced
to him by Millie, he dispensed with their
program in a manner which flabbergasted
them.

  “ I understand you gentlemen own a mu-
sical comedy and will sell me a half inter-
est for twenty thousand dollars.”

  “You bet,” declared Jake. “And after
you have heard it you're going to say it’s
the best show of its kind you ever listened
to.”

  “ You are a producer, Mr. Rubenstein?”
“ Yep. I’ve produced some of the great-
est things Broadway ever saw! Remember
‘ The Lady in Velvet ’?”

  “ No.”

  “ Well, that one didn’t run very long,
but it was a great show. “ Remember ‘ The
Merry Widow ’?”

  “ Did you produce that?”

  “ Surest thing you know. Of course, Sav-
age got the credit, but I did the work.”

  “ And this gentleman is the composer?”
“ Well, no. This gentleman is the mu-
sical director of all my enterprises.” Millie
almost strangled trying to keep from laugh-
ing, while Bill, himself, accepted his hon-
ors with an air of mild surprise.

  “ Bill, tickle the piano, and let the gent
hear some of the tunes.”
200

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  Hilwin held up his hand. “ It won’t be
necessary. I am sure you would not have
picked out a bad show and I know so little
about music that I wouldn’t appreciate a
lot of tunes I never heard before. Now,
I’ll tell you what I’ll do. I’ll buy a half
interest in this show. You put it on. Pick
the best cast you can get. I haven’t any-
body in mind.”

  “ Oh, Harry-—” exclaimed Millie. “ You
know that I am to have the leading
role.” -

  “ Miss Duroy, of course. You’ll find
something for her.”

  “ The leading role, Harry.”

  “ If Mr. Rubenstein considers you suited
to it. The only condition I make is that
my name shall not be associated with it in
any way. I’m not looking for publicity,
and if I get any I’ll cancel all arrange-
ments. I don’t want to be known as in-
terested. I have good reasons. Is that
clear, Mr. Rubenstein?”

  “Well, sure. Just as you say. Only
money talks, you know.”

  Hilwin took out his fat wallet and drew
two five hundred dollar bills from it.
“ Here’s a deposit to show my good faith,”
he said.

  Rubenstein’s eyes sparkled as he picked
up the notes.

  “ Say, Mr. Hilwin, you’re the kind of man
I like to do business with. I’ll keep your
connection as quiet as the grave. But
don’t you want to be in on picking the
chorus, and the principals?”

  “ I may attend the rehearsals as a friend
of Miss Duroy’s, but I don’t want anything
to do with the cast. I wouldn’t know a good
chorus girl from a bad one.”

  “ Cinch,” grinned Bill. “ There ain’t
no good ones.”

  “ Can that stuff,” exclaimed Millie. “ I
was once a chorus girl myself.”

  Bill laughed out loud but checked the
mirth at a baleful glare from Rubenstein.

  “You have the proper legal papers ready
to-morrow and I’ll meet you at your office
with a lawyer,” said Hilwin. “ I’ll pay the
balance in cash then. Now, Miss Duroy,
please excuse me, and accept my thanks
for bringing me in touch with these gen-
tlemen.”

  Hilwin shook hands all around and de-
parted, leaving three vastly puzzled thea-
trical people.

CHAPTER IV.

A MUSICAL INVESTMENT.

 WHAT’S the matter with that
bird?” demanded Bill. “ He buys
half a show he hasn’t heard, from
a guy who don’t own it, for a dame he ain’t
stuck on, and he doesn’t want to lamp the
candidates for the chorus. He’s a nut.”

  “ This is good money,” replied Ruben-
stein, fondling the notes.

  “ If the rest is good I should worry what
his game is. Find out where the author and
composer of this show hang out and sign
them up right away. Then get a lawyer
and form a corporation so he’ll have pre-
liminary papers ready to-morrow.”

  “ Can you produce the show on $20,-
000?” asked Millie.

  “ With $20,000 cash I can easily dig up
$10,000 more. Money draws money. An
eight girl chorus and two sets. I know
where there are a lot of good costumes just
in from a show that blew up on its road try-
out. Sure, wTe can produce it.”

  “ You ain’t actually going to put the
show on?” Bill was incredulous.

  “ What’s your idea? Graft the dough
and give him nothing? I’m afraid of that
guy. There’s something behind him. He
ain’t such a fool. As a matter fact that’s
the way to buy a musical show. The ones
you think are good fliv. The lemons turn
out to be pippins. Supposing we succeeded
in cheating him out of half his $20,000,
we’d have $10,000 wouldn’t we? On the
other hand, supposing we put on a show
and it’s a hit. We have a third interest
anyway, after we’ve dug up a little more
dough. Well, we’ve got a chance to make
a hundred thousand. You bet you’re life
I’m going to produce this show and it’s go-
ing to be the best thing I ever did.”

  “ Ain’t sayin’ much,” from Bill.

  “ Shut up. Now, Millie, I don’t know
about you for the lead.” He looked at her
searchingly. “ You ain’t as young as you
was, and your pipes are losing their steam.”
NOTHING BUT MONEY.

201

  “ Is that so?” Millie’s eyes narrowed dan-
gerously. “ Well, my pipes are strong
enough to bust this deal wide open unless
you sit right down here and sign an agree-
ment that I play the lead and have my
name in the electric lights.”

  “ This guy ain’t crazy about you at all.”
“ I led him in and I can lead him out.
He’s a bit shy and didn’t want you to think
it was because of me he was putting up the
jack. And anyway I can give him such an
earful about you and your career that he’ll
back away so fast you can’t see him with
a spyglass. You put on the ‘ Merry
Widow,’ but Savage got the credit. All you
had to do with the ‘ Merry Widow ’ was
selling tickets on the sidewalk.”

  “ I didn’t say you couldn’t have the
lead,” retorted Jake hastily. “ I suppose
he’d insist on it, though he didn’t say so.
And after all you tipped us to this.”

  “ For which I get one of those $500
bills.”

  “ Ah, no, Millie. This is on the level.
All the jack has to go into the show. No
commissions. This fellow’s lawyer will sew
us up tight.”

  “ All right. But you sign the agreement
about me playing the lead.” Seizing a pen
she wrote rapidly, and Jake signed.

  Quite unaware that his absurd business
methods had caused a crooked manager to
decide that honesty was the best policy, Hil-
win arrived at the Mastodon in a taxi. His
hasty departure from the Giltmore had been
due to a quickening desire to call up Ruth
Simpson.

  He was human enough to feel a thrill
of excitement at the idea of calling upon
a well-known actress at her apartment, but
he was still conventional enough in his point
of view to be a bit shocked at Millie’s ob-
vious willingness to go to great lengths with
a man who would finance her show, and
there was a wholesomeness about Ruth, de-
spite her flapperish pertness, which con-
trasted most favorably with the sleek and
rather snaky prima donna.

  Then why did he agree to buy in on the
show, you might ask? Because he was just
a gambler, making a blind wager. He real-
ized that even after he had heard the script
and listened to the score he would be ut-.

terly unable to tell whether the piece were
good, bad or indifferent. So he just pur-
chased a pig in a bag. And incidentally
saved a couple of hours’ time which could
be profitably used, trying to get in touch
with Ruth.

Miss Simpson was at home and easily in-
duced to go to the telephone. Talking over
the ’phone was one of her chief diversions.
The conversation went something like this:
“ Miss Simpson, this is Mr. Hilwin.”

   ‘c Mr. Hilwin?” with a rising inflection.

  “ Why—er—yes. I met you last night.”
“ The party was quite large, last night.
Which were you, Mr. Hilwin?”

  “ Why—er—I was the chap joining you
at the Mastodon, who went to Princeton
with Bill Cromwell. Surely you remember
me now?”

“ Oh, yes. I wasn’t sure your name was
Mr, Hilwin. You were short and dark.”
“ No, I’m tall and fair.” Harry, by this
time was overcome with confusion and hu-
miliation.

  “ Oh, yes. I think I danced with you
once, didn’t I?”

  “ If I made such a slight impression on
you that you don’t remember how I looked,
I must apologize for presuming to call you
to the ’phone. Good-by Miss Simpson.”

  “ Harry,”

  “ Yes.” It’s impossible to describe the
change in his tone at hearing her use his
first name.

  “ Don’t be an idiot. Of course, I remem-
ber you, but I owed you something for fall-
ing for that nasty actress woman.”

  “ Gee, Miss Simpson, you certainly made
me feel small. I thought you’d forgotten
me completely.”

  “You deserve it, but I didn’t exactly.
You are too nice a boy to be lured into
backing a show for a person like that. What
are you doing this afternoon?”

  “Calling you up.”

  “ Well, I’m not very busy myself and I
might be induced to come to have tea with
you, if you urged very hard.”

  “When can you come?”

  “ Soon as I can get my hat on. Masto-
don?”

  “ I’ll be waiting.”

Harry, radiant, stepped out of the ’phone
202

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

booth. A thin, dark foreign-looking man
scrutinized him carefully but he did not
notice him.

  The dark man stepped to the telephone
operator as Harry hastened away.

  “ Was that Mr. Hilwin?” he asked.

  “ Yes, sir.”

  “ Thank you.”

  Now to go back a little. We left the rat-
faced young man being escorted out of the
hotel by the house detectives, the night be-
fore. That individual hastened to a doctor
of his acquaintance and discovered that a
small bone was broken in his hand. It was
neatly bandaged by the physician and he
went on his way.

  “ How did you get the busted wing,
Moriaty?” the doctor had demanded.

  “ Kicked by a mule,” he had replied, and
mumbled to himself. “ And that’s no lie.”
Mr. Moriaty did a little thinking during
the remainder of the night and decided that
the prize was worth calling in more com-
petent workers than he had proved to be
himself. So next morning he rang the bell
in a certain house in the Fifties and was
admitted to the presence of a heavy set man
who looked like a former saloon proprietor,
which is exactly what he was—among other
things.

  “ Hello, Moriaty,” the big man greeted
him. “ What’s on your mind this fine
day?”

“ If I put you next to something worth
$200,000 in cash, what will my share be?”
“ Depends on who has to do the work.
If it’s easy you get a third. If it’s very
hard you don’t get so much.”

  “ Well, I can’t swing it alone, so I’ll have
to take what you give me.”

  “ That’s a wise kid. Now spring your
story.”

  “ In the first place have you heard of
any big haul being made lately of between
$150,000 and $200,000 worth of nice new
greenbacks?”

  “ Not around here. Wait till I call head-
quarters and find out what they know down
there. Hand me that ’phone, will ye?”

  “ Hello, police headquarters? Give me
Detective Sergeant Leatrice.” A moment’s
pause. “ That you, Phil. Bull Hansen
talking. Private and confidential. I want

to know who’s got away from anywhere
with anything up to a quarter of a million.
Never mind the small stuff. What do I
want to know for? You get me the dope
I’m looking for and there may be something
doing for you. Call me back.”

  He hung up and folded his big flabby
white hands across his stomach regarding
Moriaty keenly out of red-rimmed eyes.

  “ ’Bout a week ago I was on a North
River ferry early in the morning when a
feller jumped overboard.”

  “ Heard about that. Body not recovered.
Nothing known about him.”

  “ Just before he went over the rail he said
something to a man named Hilwin who
was standing alongside of him. I heard
them talking but didn’t pay any attention.
When the crowd rushed to the rail to watch
the search for the body I got busy and
landed a few wallets and a watch. Nothing
much in them. As I was slipping off the
ferryboat on the New York side this fel-
low Hilwin passed me carrying a bag. Now
it happened I had noticed him getting on
the boat, because he is one of that kind of
guys you pay attention to somehow, and
he didn’t have a bag. I didn’t think any-
thing about it because I saw a bull eying
me pretty hard, and with the stuff in my
clothes, I had to make a quick getaway.

  “ This fellow Hilwin looked to me like
a regular Jersey commuter, probably haul-
ing down twenty or thirty a week in one
of the big buildings. I didn’t think any
more about him till last night when I slid
into the Mastodon, and who was sitting
alongside of me but him, dressed up in a
suit of evening clothes.

  “ I get talking to him sort of casual, and
all at once it flashes over me that the bag
he carried off the ferry must have belonged
to the suicide and there might have been
something worth while in it.

  “ So I says: ‘ What was in the bag?’ ”

  “ He almost fell out of his chair and by
the way he tried to cover up I knew I’d
struck something live.

  “ He admitted, though, he pinched the
suicide’s bag, and said there was nothing
in it but some dirty clothes. But here he
was living at the Mastodon, spending right
and left, and where did he get it?
NOTHING BUT MONEY.

203

  “Just then a lot of society folks came
along and knew him. Old college chum
stuff. They took him away with them to be
gone all night, dinner, theater, supper.

  “ Just as a matter of precaution, though
I didn’t expect to find anything, I waited
a couple of hours and slipped into his room.
I opened a trunk and found a bag in it. I
opened the bag, and it’s chock-a-block full
of bank notes.

  “ If I’d beaten it right away everything
would be all right, but I couldn’t walk out
of the hotel with a bag without questions,
so I figured on counting the cash and tuck-
ing it away all over me. I’m about up to
a hundred thousand when in blows Hilwin.
Like a boob I’d forgot to lock the door.”
“ Boob is putting it mild,” complimented
Hansen.

  “ I cover him with my little automatic,
but there’s a lot I want to know about the
money, and all of a sudden he kicks the
gun out of my hand, busting the hand.”

  “ Ought to have busted your head. Pick-
ing pockets is about your limit, Moriaty,
so it’s just as well you turned over this deal
to me.”

  “ All right. I know I pulled a bone, but
don’t rub it in. What can we do now?”

  “ Find out who the money belongs to.
Once we know we can shake this feller
down.”

  “ But supposing we can’t find out.”
“You don’t suppose a couple of hundred
thousand is kicking around without an own-
er? This man who jumped off the boat stole
the money from somebody. If he was hon-
est and it belonged to him he wouldn’t have
jumped, would he? Would you commit sui-
cide with a quarter of a million unspent in
your traveling bag? Course not.

  “ This crook just lost his nerve. That
proves he was an amateur. Most probably
some bank cashier. You say it was in
small bills?”

  “ Twenties, nearly all of it.”

  “ Hard to trace. He wasn’t such a sap
when he started. This remorse is hell.
Answer the ’phone, will you?”

  Moriaty obediently picked up the tele-
phone. “ Wants you.”

  Flansen reached for it. “ That you ser-
gean t ? Wh at luck! ”

  He listened for a couple of minutes to
a recital of crimes from the other end.

  “ Thank you, sergeant. You’ll hear
from me soon.

  “ Nothing resembling this reported from
anywhere. There’s been time enough, too,
if this fellow Hilwin has been sporting
round for three or four days. It’s kind of
queer.”

  “ What’s to be done?”

  “ Get a line on Hilwin. Find out what
he did before he grabbed the bag. Find out
where he worked, and where he lived. Learn
what story he told to explain the change in
his condition. Be very careful, though, not
to tip anyone off about him. We don’t
want anybody butting in on this case but
us.”

  “ Hunting for a needle In a haystack, try-
ing to trace a guy in New York.”

  “ You poor fish, he’s probably in the
city directory. If he’s been working in
New York a year he’s there. And if he
isn’t you’ll find him in the Jersey City di-
rectory. If there are a dozen Harry Hil-
wins look them all up.”

  “ Supposing you do find out all about
him. What good will it do?”

  Hansen lost his patience. “Go do what
I tell you and don’t bother me with ques-
tions. I know what I’m about.”

  “ Oh, all right,” grumbled Moriaty, pick-
ing up his hat. “ I’ll see you this afternoon
and spill what I get.”

  After he had gone Hansen called up the
Sun Detective Agency, and getting his con-
nection talked with the manager.

  “ That you, Jim? I want a good smooth
operator put on the trail of Harry Hilwin,
Hotel Mastodon. No, he ain’t done any-
thing, but a friend of mine’s jealous of his
wife and wants to know what this fellow’s
doing all the time. Don’t do anything but
keep tabs on him. I want to know who he
sees and what he does every hour of the
twenty-four. All right, put two operators
on him, if you have to, but don’t fall down
on it.”	i

  After he had hung up Mr. Hansen
opened a box of cigars, picked a good one,
bit off the end, spat it out viciously, lit up
and leaned back in his chair with an air of
complete satisfaction.
204

ARGQSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  Blissfully unaware that a couple of pri-
vate detectives were devoting their working
hours to him, Harry Hilwin puffed peace-
fully upon an expensive cigar and waited for
Ruth. She came, a sweet and demure vi-
sion in a gray costume, and so different was
she from the befurred and befluffed damsel
of the night before that she had to smile at
him to be recognized.

  “ I had the hardest time getting here.
Three of the girls tried to pull me to the
Plaza with them, and a man friend of mine
overtook me on the Avenue in his car and
put up the most persistent argument that
I should go for a ride with him,”

  “I’m flattered.”

  “ You’d better be. Let’s get our tea. I’m
growing to be a regular English girl with
my tea at four o’clock. It’s funny how
you get into a habit, isn’t it?”

  “ I hope you’ll get the habit of having
tea w7ith me.”

  “ How well you work,” said Ruth with
mock admiration. Chattering thus they
passed into the tea room. Figuring they
were safe for an hour, the dark, foreign-
looking man went away on a little business.

  “ How is it you have time to take girls
to tea in the afternoon. Aren’t you in busi-
ness?” she demanded when they had set-
tled themselves comfortably.

  “ Why—er, I’m not doing anything just
at present,” Harry explained in some em-
barrassment. “ I’ve got a couple of deals
on that may keep me pretty busy soon, but
I hope I can always find time to do things
with you.”

  “ What is your business when you are
working at it?” she asked with true female
inquisitiveness.

  “ I’m what you might call a promoter.

I	sort of give things a push and get them
going.” He was thinking of his play ven-
ture of the early afternoon.

  “You must come to the house and meet
father. He is the dearest thing. Let’s me
do anything I like. Never interferes, but
a regular playmate when I want him to be.”
Harry thought of the cold, sardonic, ex-
acting old slave driver who had pitched him
out so unceremoniously, and tried to fit him
into the picture painted by his daughter.
But he couldn’t It was too much.

  The conversation became more intimate.
Ruth was obviously interested in Hilwin.
Actually he was the first man who had se-
riously attracted her in her three seasons
of dinners and dances. He felt her sweet-
ness and her charm, and he did not try to
deceive himself that he was not rapidly fall-
ing in love with her. Under normal con-
ditions he would have let himself go.

  But who could tell what was going to
happen to him in the next few weeks or
months. If he should meet her father, how
quickly the old man would send him about
his business, if he did not advise the police
to find out where he got the money he was
spending. While Ruth was deciding to
herself that she would see a lot of Hilwin,
he was endeavoring to steel himself against
ever seeing her again. With the result that
he agreed to join a group for dinner and
theater next night, he to call for her at
her home. And that’s the way they left
things.

  The foreign-looking operator had been
back at his post for an hour before Harry
brought Ruth out and placed her in a taxi-
cab Jake, Bill and Millie had been wait-
ing for him for half an hour when he ar-
rived at the meeting place next day, accom-
panied by a lawyer recommended to him by
Bill Cromwell. All the way up in the taxi,
the lawyer, Tom Evans, a friendly and in-
telligent young chap, had been trying to
dissuade Harry from the theatrical venture.
If he had been able to listen in on the con-
versation in Jake’s office before their ar-
rival he would have tried harder.

  “ It’s this way,” Jake was explaining.
“ After I left your flat, Millie, I got to fig-
uring out that we’d better get the best script
and best score we could find for this show,
since we have a chance to clean up our-
selves on it. Now this ‘ Queen of My
Heart ’ is a bunch of junk, and the score
ain’t so good. Bill played it over. So we
hunted around and found a piece that’s a
lot better.”

  “ You ain’t even going to give the poor
gink the show he bought?” scoffed Millie.

  “ We’re going to give ourselves a run for
our money. This fellow who wrote ‘ Queen
of My Heart ’ wanted regular royalties, but
we found an author who’d take half the
NOTHING BUT MONEY.

205

usual, give us the other half and waive his
royalties entirely for four weeks.”

  “ What good is that if the show is rot-
ten?”

  “ It ain’t so rotten,” offered Bill. “ Score’s
better than the other one. Book needs a
little jazzing, but we can do it.”

  “ And the leading role; how about that?”
  “ Oh, it’s yours, kid. Don’t worry.”

  The conversation was interrupted by the
arrival of the angel. As Harry had not
heard the name of the piece he had pur-
chased the day before he was quite unaware
of the shift, and his lawyer, who was pre-
pared for ordinary traps did not dream that
his principal was so utterly careless as not
to know what he had bought.

  Accordingly the contracts were quickly
drawn, providing that one-half interest in
a musical comedy called “ Lovely Laura ”
was sold to Henry Hilwin for $20,000 by
Jacob Rubenstein, who bound himself to
produce the piece, do whatever other financ-
ing might be necessary and draw no salary
for his labor.

  From a legal standpoint the contract was
fair enough. Jake knew of a lot of ways
of getting around it, but for once that gen-
tleman felt inclined to be reasonably on the
level. Harry was luckier than he realized
in that respect.

  When the papers had been signed Millie
hastened to appropriate the angel. “ Let’s
go have tea, dear, and we can talk about
the play.”

  “ Don’t want to talk about it,” replied
Hilwin. “ Mr. Rubenstein, how long will it
take you to produce this?”

  “ Oh, about two or three weeks to cast
it, five weeks’ rehearsals and open in New
York after two or three nights out of town
to knock it into shape.”

  “ It will be two months before you can
open?”

  “ Don’t see how it can be done any
quicker.”

  “ Well, don’t delay any more than is nec-
essary.”

  “ What’s your hurry, dear?” demanded
Millie, playfully squeezing his hand as it
lay on the table.

    Oh, just anxious to see what’s going to
happen,”

  Inwardly he was saying. “ Two months!
Where will I be in two months, and will
they let me out of jail to see the first per-
formance?”

  “ Dinner, to-night?” asked Millie ten-
derly.

  “ Sorry, but I’ve got a dinner and theater
engagement.”

  “ To-morrow night?”

  “ Maybe. I’ll call you up.”

CHAPTER V.

A DIFFICULT BIRD TO HANDLE.

"1TTTHEN Hilwin had departed with his
yy lawyer, Jake looked after him, and
shook his head in perplexity.

  “ He beats me. This cash is the best in
the world, but what’s he trying to get out
of it? Makes you the prima donna and
ducks dates with you. Trusts me with the
whole sheebang, and don’t even want to
watch me work. Ain’t heard the words
and music yet and don’t seem to want to.
Well, all I hope is we get the show on be-
fore the lunatic asylum finds out he got
away.”

  “ If he escaped from an asylum, he’s the
best heeled lunatic I ever heard of,” com-
mented Bill. “ I think he’s deeper than we
suspect. Watch your step, Jake.”

  “ I’m in this thing to hand Broadway a
wow. I’ll think about gypping him out of
his share if it’s a hit, maybe, though I al-
ways said if a guy was square with me I’d
be square with him.”

  “ Huh?” grunted Millie. “If he makes
an honest man out of you he’ll do more
than the Lord did.”

  Millie had two sides to her; a bitter, cyn-
ical one, developed by her tenement house
origin and her experiences in vaudeville and
musical comedy; and a society veneer
which went well with strangers.

  Howland’s lawyer had been much im-
pressed by her.

  “ Some girl, that Miss Duroy. She seems
quite taken with you,” he remarked to Hil-
win. “ If she ever asked me to make a
date with her I wouldn’t turn her down,
you can bet.”

  “ Pooh,” sniffed Harry. “ She’s just be-
206

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

ing nice to me because I’m buying in on
the show and she’s to be leading woman.
She doesn’t fool me.”

  “ Somebody’s fooling you, or you
wouldn’t be in it at all.”

  “ Nobody’s fooling me,” said Harry a
little testily. “ You must admit that a lot
of money is made in the show business.”
“ Yes by those who know.”

  “ Not always. Lots of boobs like my-
self have bought in on pieces put on by pro-
fessional showmen and made a lot out of
it. I know I’m taking a chance, but no
more than in any other business.”

  “You think so? I know how you could
have invested that $20,000 and made a sure
profit of five or ten thousand in a very
short time. The odds are ten to one against
you ever getting anything out of ‘ Lovely
Laura ’.”

“ What’s in a name?” quoted Hilwin air-
ily. “ But look here, Evans, what’s your
proposition. I’ve got some more money.”
Evans looked at him in amazement.
“ Are you serious?”

  “ Sure.”

  “ Well, I’ll tell you. Next door to me is
a real estate concern and you know the
money that is made in real estate.”

  “ I don’t; but go on.”

  “ These fellows, Brown and Harlow,
have taken a tract of land about twenty-
five miles out and are developing it for
homesteads. Easy commuting distance,
good service. It’s a country village that
has been jumped by the real estaters up to
this time, but it’s all right. I’ve bought
a lot myself. Got a girl picked out and
pretty soon I’m going to build a little home
out there.

  “ The lots are going like hot cakes. The
idea is to buy a dozen of them and hold
them for a rise. If I had the money I’d

do it.”

  “ Sounds, all right,” agreed Hilwin.
“ How do you see this place?”

  “ Eskdale on the Hudson. Take a train
from Grand Central. Three-quarters of
an hour out. Harlow Homesteads is what
they call the place.”

  “ I’ll go look at them to-morrow,” said
Hilwin, as the taxi stopped at the lawyer’s
building. “ Thanks for the tip.”

  Evans looked after the retreating taxi
with much the same perplexity which Rub-
enstein had displayed.

  “ How a fellow who does business like
that got his money in the first place, gets
me,” he said to himself. “ Must have
found it.”

  He was right, but he didn’t know it.

  It was with considerable trepidation that
Harry climbed the steps of the big house
in the East Sixties early that evening and
asked for Miss Simpson. He had been wor-
ried all day about a possible meeting with
his ex-employer, and he had been on the
point of phoning that he could not keep his
appointment. He knew, however, that if he
broke an appointment with Ruth at this
stage of the game he would probably not
get another, and he didn’t quite see how
he could get along without frequent meet-
ings.

  “ This way, sir,” said the butler. “ Miss
Ruth will be right down, and she wants you
to wait in the library.”

  Hilwin walked briskly into a richly fur-
nished room and came face to face with old
man Simpson.

TO BE CONCLUDED NEXT WEEK

  tr n	tr

 EXPECT A TION

        CTARLIGHT, Moonglow
        Hoofbeats in the snow.

          Lamplight, Fireglow
          Footsteps at the door.

           Lovelight, Heartglow
           In Jim’s arms once more.

Gladys Eloise Brierly.
By LAURIE YORK ERSKINE

Author of “The Confidence Man,” " The Laughing Rider,” etc.

FVA.VID PARMELEE, eighteen, is at spiritual odds with the harsh world of the cattle range
to which he has been born. Bartholomew Patmelee, cattle baron, scorns his son for his
opposition to the righting of wrongs with a six-shooter, and the rigors of Judge Lynch’s
“ court.” David bows his head to the paternal storm, but in his heart he is unafraid. Madge
Hendry, daughter of an adjoining rancher, gives David a bull terrier pup, this breed being a
symbol of courage. Old Man Parmelee orders his men to run down and hang Harper Preest, a
cattle rustler, against the protest of David. As a further chastisement of the spirit, the father
commands his son to trim the terrier’s ears with a pair of shears. David defeats this decree, his
opposition so inflaming the older man’s rage that he suffers a slight stroke. Then, in company
with Aleck Sheffield, his loyal friend, David rides into the night to prevent the hanging of the
captive rustler.

CHAPTER VIII.

A MAN-KILLER UNMASKS.

DAVID had cast off his wide brimmed
hat so that the moonlight which
streamed upon him took from his
face the golden brown tint that covered but
did not hide the red flush of his cheeks.
Now his face was shining in a silver glow,
and his smooth cheeks, his curved lips, his
curling black hair gave him the aspect of
shining boyhood. But it was a boy whose
dark eyes burned with an intolerable spirit,

and it was his eyes rather than the gun
in his hand that held the men transfixed.

  “ It’s all off, Dasent!” His voice rang
clear in the night, and the cattlemen wrho
heard it found that it possessed the same
intangible quality of his eyes. There was a
magic in them both. “ Stick up yotir
hands!” he cried.

  Not a man obeyed him, and yet it did
not seem that they defied him. It appeared
rather as though they were held motionless
by his gaze and silenced by his voice.

  David walked slowly but very firmly

ThU ttory began in the Argosy-Allstory Weekly for October 25

207
208

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

over to the barebacked pony and its
wretched burden. He continued to face the
men as he did so, and they turned, fasci-
nated, following his movement. Reaching
the drooping steed, he drew from his hip
pocket a knife, and with his teeth opened it.
But his eyes never left the men before
him. They flashed, like questing fires, over
the many faces, and not one of the men
who yielded to their spell could have ex-
plained what held him motionless.

  The knife opened, David shifted so that
the hand which held the knife was close to
the pony. Then that hand ascended, fol-
lowing Preest’s dangling leg, finding his
thigh, his waist, moving about the waist to
the prisoner’s hands.

  “ Drop that knife!” It was the harsh
voice of Dasent.

  David looked at him. His boy’s face
seemed to betray neither surprise, resent-
ment, nor disquietude; but his eyes still
burned.

  “ No,” he said. “ Preest ain’t goin’ to
hang to-night.”

  Dasent glared across at him, trying to
match those eyes with his gross fury.

  “Drop it quick, kid!” he warned.
“ Yo’re up against twenty guns.”

  “ Not if I was up ag’in’ a hundred!”

  The knife had found its goal and the
steel was cutting now at the twisted hemp.

  “ If you cut that rope, it’s the last thing
you do!” yelled Dasent. “ If you was the
old man himself, - you couldn’t stop this
party! ”

  “ It’s all off!” The boy’s voice rang out
in a sudden burst of purpose. It struck
the air with the lilt of a passionate spirit
and seemed to sweep across the barren
land with a sound of prophecy. “ You
can’t stop me now!”

  But his eyes had been long centered upon
the livid face of Dasent, and he failed to
see the quick movement of the swarthy
cow-puncher nearest his elbow. That
movement was a leap forward and a
lithe kick, and with a cry of pain the boy
saw his father’s gun sail through the air,
while the hand that held it went numb
with pain.

  Instantly a dozen hands fell to as many
guns, and the group of men closed in. But

to their amazement the boy stood fast.
With a lightning exertion of strength he
cut through the cords which held Preest
bound and threw the knife with a trium-
phant gesture on the ground.

  “ Stand back,” he commanded, “ an’
listen to what I got to say!” Without
comprehending the unleashed spirit that
had so long lain suppressed in the soul of
the boy, they instinctively obeyed it.

  “You got me covered!” cried David.
“ You can shoot me to pieces! Blow orf my
head! But it don’t signify. I say Preest
ain’t goin’ to hang to-night!

  “ You, Dasent, you ain’t the law. And
my father, he ain’t the law. I’ve cut Preest
free. If you want to hang him, then shoot.
You can only do it after I’m dead here in
front of him!”

  “Talk down, kid—he’s a hawse thief!”
one man called out, but he spoke rather in
pity than in protest.

  “ Then there’s a law to deal with him.
Stand back!”

  The boy blanched beneath his sun
browned skin as Dasent moved forward,
but this pallor made his face shine with a
more silver glow.

  “ If you ain’t out o’ there damn quick,”
growled the man, “ we’ll shoot Preest
dead.”

  The boy looked desperately about him.

  “ I can’t help that!” he declared. “But
you got to account for him to me.” And
with a sudden movement he dived for his
father’s gun.

  As he did so the swarthy cow-puncher
whipped up his gun and fired at the cring-
ing Preest, but the bullet missed wide, for
preceding the explosion of that cartridge by
so fine a margin as to blend its din with
the same reverberation another gun was
fired, and the swarthy cow-puncher stag-
gered back, clutching a shattered arm.

  From behind the cypress tree Aleck Shef-
field stepped forth, and two guns glistened
in his hands.

  “ Stick up yore hands, cowboys! ” he said
sharply; and this time no sense of mysti-
cism or amazement held the old man’s
committee still. They yielded instantly
to the practical menace of those twin muz-
zles and the incisive promise of that voice.

                          3	A
VALOR.

209

  “ Now hold ’em up. an’ let’s see you
drop them guns!” quoth Aleck, blithely.
He paused until he was sure he had been
obeyed. Then, “ The kid here’s ridin’ herd
on Preest fer a spell,” he said; “ an’ I want
he should ride away without no more
shootin’.”

  He turned on David with apparent care-
lessness. “ Just take yore man and pick
him out a hawse,” he advised. “ Then ride
like hell to a place you an’ me know of.”
He seemed to ignore the others while he
*made sure that the boy understood him;
but no man dropped his hands.

   David, still holding his father’s gun, still
silver white from the peril that was past,
gazed on his friend doubtfully.

  “ No more gun-play, Aleck,” he said.
“ Just justice is all that’s worth dyin’ for.”
He took the bridle of the pony on which
Preest sat, and started to lead it from the
hill.

  “Justice!” Dasent burst forth with an
ugly laugh. “ Fine talk to give to yore
father’s hired gunman!”

  Davie swung about.

  “ If there’s been a Parmelee on this
range that’s been blind to what justice
means,” he cried, “ you can know now,
Dasent, that there’s a Parmelee here that’s
goin’ to protect it.”

  His clear, boyish voice was all alive
again, and Dasent felt an irrational discom-
fort before the gaze which pierced him.
“ An’ Aleck Sheffield’s my friend!” added
David proudly.

  “ Then yore dad ’11 have ter get another
bodyguard!” sneered Dasent. And David,
remembering the respect which each man
had paid to Aleck’s gun, realized for the
first time why his friend had so constantly
remained at his father’s side. He turned
to Aleck with a new light in his eyes, but
that gentle humorist was intent upon the
group before him.

  “ S’ long, Dave,” he drawled. “ Best
light out an’ let these gents relax their
arms. Jud Dasent, there, he’s already get-
tin’ loosed up conversationally.”

  “ No gun-play.” David spoke very
crisply.

  “ None of my startin’,” Aleck assured
him. And he stood there, humorously ad-

    4	A

juring his prisoners for long after David
and his hostage had departed.

  When he considered that time enough
had elapsed to give David ample safety,
he lightly slipped his guns into their sep-
arate holsters.

  “ It’s been a nice evenin’, boys,” he
remarked pleasantly. “But I got to go
ridin’. You-all had best stay here a spell,
’cause I shore like to ride alone moonlight
nights like this.”

  His voice mysteriously lost its pleasantry
without seeming to change its tone. “ The
first gent that comes in sight of me the next
half hour,” he said, “ is shore unfortunate
and weary of this life.”

  And, backing away from them, he turned,
quickly at the hilltop and was in the saddle
and away before the first man reached for
his discarded weapon. They did not follow;
him.

CHAPTER IX.

THE BITTER, BITTER SENTENCE.

WHEN Healey, the cook, and Chung
Lee, who endured life as his ap-
prentice, found Old Man Parmelee
on his hands and knees in the doorway of
his bedroom, they lit a lamp there, and
would have carried him to the bed, but
Parmelee balanced himself on his two feet
and stated that he was about to dress
himself and deal with the events of the
night in person. Healey, fearing delirium
or stark madness, protested stoutly, but the
old man had his way.

  Something had happened to him there in'
the darkness. He couldn’t understand what
physical aberration could have turned the
world black and taken away his mind for
that intolerable moment, but he convinced
himself that it could be nothing serious,
and proved his triumph over it by standing
erect while his body cried out for bed, and
donning his clothes while a nameless fear
obsessed, his unconscious mind. For a
strange elation possessed him. His heart
was full to bursting with the satisfaction
that surged in with the realization that
David had accepted his challenge.

Fully dressed, he rocked unceasingly in
210

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

the chair before the fireplace, and clenched
his teeth tightly so that the tumultuous
emotion in his heart would not spill out in
soliloquy. There was no doubt in his mind
as he recalled the boy’s furtive visit to his
room, and the purloined gun, that David
had sallied forth to deputize for him in the
hanging of Harper Preest; and he rocked
his stricken body in impatience as he waited
for news of that event.

  In spite of the stroke that had befallen him
in the darkness, in spite of a sickness which
filled him with that subtle, inadmissible un-
easiness for the future, he was upheld by
the elation he felt in the knowledge that
David had pledged himself to the life of
what Bartholomew Parmelee conceived to
be a man. So when Dasent and his frus-
trated cortege came cantering to the ranch
in the pallid morning they found him gray
faced and gaunt in his chair, but they
found, as well, that his face was illumined
with a smile.

  He almost arose in his eagerness as
Dasent and Tansey entered the ranch
house with their resentment bubbling at
their lips.

  “ Where is he?” Old Man Parmelee's
voice was exuberant in anticipation.
“ Where’s the boy?” he demanded. It
appeared almost as if he were ready to take
his son into his arms.

  Dasent stared at him, amazed.

  “Rode all to hell!” he snapped “ An*
Preest with him. What’s yore game, any-
way?”

  It was interesting to see the effect of that
speech upon old Parmelee. It was interest-
ing to see how his eyes narrowed, how his
teeth set, and the muscles of his face tight-
ened, bulging under the skin of reddish
gray. It was an exhibition of perfect con-
trol, for the man’s iron nerve had well-
nigh snapped under this brutal revelation
that his dream was dust; that something
had gone wrong.

  “ Talk sense!” he rasped coldly. “ Where
is David?”

  Dasent examined the autocrat in per-
plexity. His amber, black flecked eyes
smoldered upon the old man. They seemed
to be always watching, as the eyes of a
leopard watch the trainer. Treacherous

eyes, they were, and now they were clouded
with perplexity.

  “ How sh’d I know?” he protested, “ He
rode in all burnin’ up with crazy ambition;
he stuck up the party an’ took Preest away
with him.”

  “ I don’t believe it!” said Parmelee.

  “ He stuck us up! ” Tansey loudly flew
to the aid of his companion.

  Old Man Parmelee gazed from one to the
other of them savagely.

  “ Yo’re lyin’ to me, Dasent!” he gritted.
“ Yo’re workin’ between you to throw me
down, anT yo’re fools enough to think you
can do it. Now tell me the truth of this
business without any of yore lies an’ yore
sneakin’.” His voice whipped the air like
a lash. “ Did Harper Preest get away from
you?” he demanded.

  “The kid stampeded the party,” whined
Dasent doggedly.

  Parmelee moved in his chair like an ani-
mal in the confines of a cage too small. It
was as though he were bound and strained
at his bends.

  “Tell me what’s true!” he demanded.

  “ I’ve told you!” Dasent flung the words
out angrily. “ We had it all fixed to swing
him orf. The kid comes in and throws a
gun on us—” He paused uneasily. “ Did
you send him?” he asked suddenly.

  “ Likely I’d send him! ” snarled the old
man. “ Yo’re crazy. Or it’s the kid. He
never threw a gun in his life.”

“But he did! He stuck up the whole
party, and by God, if you want the truth,
we damn near shot him full o' daylight!”
A dull flush rose under the old man’s
skin.

  “The kid did that!” he cried out in a
terrible voice, so that the two men started
and were discomposed. “ My son! David!
He stopped the hangin’?”

  Dasent nodded. “ He took Preest orf
with him,” he replied.

  “ And where was you? What was you-
all doin’? You mean to say you let a yellow
lxvered kid take Preest out o’ yore hands
like that?”

  Dasent frowned. “ I told you how it
was. We took the gun orf the kid and had
him crawlin’; but Aleck Sheffield horned in
an’ covered their get-away.”
VALOR.

211

  “ An’ Preest got away!” It was an ex-
clamation full of bitterness. Suddenly Par-
melee straightened convulsively in his
chair. “ Get ’em!” he roared with extraor-
dinary passion. “ Bring in that boy to me,
an’ I’ll snake whip him! I’ll thrash the hide
orf his body.” At that moment Aleck
Sheffield entered the room, and the old man
sprang to his feet and stood quivering to
greet his bodyguard. “ Where is he?” he
screamed. “ Tell me that!”

  Aleck gazed upon him with a frown.

  “ Yo’-all ’re takin’ big chances, Bart,
raisin’ up thataway,” he drawled. “ Best
sit yo’self back an’ don’t get all stam-
peded.”

  Glaring at him with unquenchable sus-
picion, Parmelee relaxed into his chair
again.

  Sheffield turned his attention to the oth-
ers. “ All fixed up pretty?” he said gently.

  Parmelee broke in upon him, snarling
with rage, his voice harsh with menace:
“You double-crossed me!”

  “ I stood by Dave,” Aleck corrected him.

  “ Stood by a yellow kid who didn’t even
have the guts to see through his spite on
his own father!” the old man charged vin-
dictively.

  Aleck’s eyes flashed keenly over the two
informers, then turned, warm with enthu-
siasm, on Old Man Parmelee.

  “ If you’d seen him, you’d talk differ-
ent,” he explained softly.

  “Yes, I’d talk with a rawhide whip!”
spat forth Parmelee. “ That’s how I’d talk
to him. Don’t lie for him, Aleck. I know
how he went in spite to humiliate me, an’
how he backed down an’ cringed when he
found men to deal with. Oh, God, what a
thing to have for a son! A dishrag!”

  “ Which yo’re ridin’ the wrong pony
every time,” quoth Aleck. “ Dave he didn’t
cringe none at that party, ’less it’s cringin’
when a man holds back a locoed catamount
with nothin’ to fight with but his eyes an’
his everlastin’ grit!” He flung his words
directly in Dasent’s face. “ Jud Dasent,
here, bein’ the catamount,” he finished
easily.

  “ You—” Dasent’s resentful voice
trailed off into silence as. Aleck, hand on
hip, smiled genially upon him.

  Parmelee gazed about upon them all un-
easily. In his heart was arising then the
first sense of panic he had ever felt. His
body was urgently insisting to his mind
that he was old, old, and that his hold
upon these men was no longer strong. He
was surrounded by wolves whom he had
broken to the traces, and, uneasily, it was
in his mind that they did not respond as
usual to the crack of his whip.

  “ What is it, Aleck?” he cried with sud-
den petulance. “ For God’s sake, what’s
got into the boy. You know him. You
been with him more than any other. Is he
mad? What is it?”

  Aleck gazed down upon him seriously.

  “ It’s something you ain’t never known
about, Bart,” he answered. “ You’ve run
this range like a top rider runs a rodeo.
You treat men the same like they was ani-
mals. You break the bad ones, and those
you can’t break you kill.

  “ Well, this kid of yours is the first man
you’ve met that ain’t in no degree an ani-
mal. He’s a man all through, and you,
God help you, don’t know it. You call him
a woman when he shrinks from the wran-
glin’, fightin’ herd; you talk yore sneerin’
insults to him when he puts in his voice
against gun-play.

  “ But it’s justice he’s got in his mind.
It’s a clear, high-up spirit he’s got in his
heart that’s so far above the mind of you
an’ me that we can’t rightly understand
it. But you! You talk of whippin’ him
for it. You talk of breakin’ him like a
beast to run with the rest of the herd.
Shucks!

  “ Can a man who would take that treat-
ment do what he did to-night? I tell you
he walked into that slather of man-killin’
cow-punchers like a young god walks in
amongst lions! He carried yore gun in his
hand. But did he use it? No! I tell you
he didn’t ever have any intentions of usin’
it!”

  “ No! What then did he pack it for?”
Dasent’s thin voice cut into Aleck’s recital
with a sneer.

  “I’ll tell you why he packed it!” cried
Aleck, turning upon him. “ He told me
as we rode together into a place we know
of. He packed that gun so that you would
212

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY,

not jeel you was up against a man "without
defense. He said that if you hung Preest
it would be over his dead body, and if you’d
shot him down his gun would never have
answered back.”

  Parmelee glared up at the speaker with-
out any sign of sympathy. When he spoke
his words had the effect of a detached cu-
riosity. His harsh voice held no note of
compromise.

  ‘c He didn't crawl?” he asked.

  “He faced that pack of coyotes with
more nerve than ever I seen in my life!”
Aleck’s voice fell deep with the warmth of
his feeling. “ An’ I'm here to say that
nerve ain’t the word. That kid stood there
on the hill with the light of an angel in his
eyes. He held ’em back by a spirit you
an’ me can’t know of, an’ by God, I’d have
shot down my own brother himself if he’d
tried to hurt him then! ” His voice fell into
a quieter vein.

  “ I was standin’ by the tree, Bart, an’
watchin' close; because on the ride over
I’d found out that I was backin’ that kid
before you, or myself, or the whole tarna-
tion world! An’ when Buck Saunders threw
up his gun, I shot it out of his hand;,
because, after seein’ the kid make his stand
there on the hill, I’d of shot to protect him
if I’d never seen hair nor hide of him be-
fore.

  “ That kid of yores is a man clean
through, an’ he’s a higher kind of man than
you or me or this whole range has ever
seen. If he wants to stay out in the chap-
paral all his days, I’m with him. If he
wants to hold Preest against you, or the
whole United States army, my gun’s behind
him!

  “ An’ if you got half the heart an’ soul
in you that shines out o’ his two eyes, you
will be with him, too. An’ what’s more,
you’ll thank the everlastin’ God that he’s a
son of yores!”

  Old Man Parmelee had listened to this
man’s deep, restrained voice without abat-
ing the cold glitter of his eyes. It was his
custom to keep all his argument and reason
in his mind. When he spoke it was only to
voice his conclusions, and he voiced them
now.

  “ That boy,” he rasped “ has taken out

  of my hands the power that God has given
me. He’s thrown my own words back into
my face an’ spited an’ humiliated me. An'
now he’s won over my best man. You say
that yo’re takin’ his side agenst me. All
right.

  “ Go out an’ tell him that I got a rawhide
whip next my chair in the daytime, an’
hangin’ over my bed at night. When he
wants to come back here, I’m goin’ to take
that whip and flay the hide orf him!”

  The iron, unwavering monotone of his
voice gave his words the ominous signifi-
cance of an immutable sentence. Aleck,
sensing this, looked down on him with a
quality of pity in his eyes that caused
Old Man Parmelee to grit his teeth in re-
sentment.

  u I’ll tell him that yo’re doin’ as wrdl as
could be expected,” said Aleck dryly, and
he turned to Dasent and Tansey. “ I don’t
want no company!” he warned them suc-
cinctly, and without further words he strode
from the room.

  The old: man sat silent, and the others
made no sound as they listened to the noise
of the hoofbeats which followed Aleck’s de-
parture. The silence was broken by Par-
melee. He clapped his hands down upon the
arms of his chair so that they made a
sudden, sharp noise in the stillness of the
room.

  “Get out and after them!” he shouted
with a furious impetuosity. “ Get them!
Get Preest if you have to ride to hell for
him, an’ don’t let nothin’ stand in yore
way.”

  Dasent sprang to his feet. He had been
watching the old man narrowly throughout
this strange exchange of violent emotions,
and now as he spoke he seemed inspired by
some subtle demon.

  “ You want them?” he cried feverishly.
“ You want them even if we have to
fight?”

  “ I want Harper Preest if you have to
kill orf a hundred men to get him!” old
Parmelee roared. “ Get him! That’s all!”

  “ Dead or alive?” demanded Dasent, and
he appeared to hang some mad significance
upon his question.

  Old Man Parmelee glared up at him as
if himself on the verge of madness. “ Dead
VALOR.

213

  or alive!” he shrieked; and he settled him-
self back in his chair to grin crookedly as
he heard them go.

CHAPTER X.

THE BLOODHOUND BAYS.

DASENT took the trail as a hound
takes to the scent, and, like the bay-
ing of a hound, his voice sounded a
boisterous accompaniment to the chase.
Snuff Tansey had never known the dour
cattleman to give such loose rein to his
tongue, and Dasent himself knew that the
hot words which sprung from his lips were
the voice of a passion over which he was
fast losing all control.

  “ Sheffield will take us to him!” he cried
out as they urged their tireless ponies
through the darkness. “ ’Tain’t likely he
got far, ’n’ we got to follow him. Follow!”
He swore luridly with a laugh that was in
itself a curse. “ Like huntin’ down a lobo,”
he growled, and rode for a moment in si-
lence.

  “ Shucks, Jud,” Tansey protested stout-
ly. “ Ain’t no manner o’ sense in ridin’
thisaway. It’s Old Man Parmelee’s dirty
work. No hurry.”

  Dasent replied with a burst of resentful
protest that seemed to be addressed rather
to the air and the spangled sky than to the
man beside him.

  <l Into the rough country, that’s how
they’ll ride!” he snapped. “ Into the foot-
hills! There’s a bunch of settlers out
there. Up under the mountains. Hell!” he
exploded with sudden irony. “ One flash
of Aleck Sheffield’s gun an’ they’d give
everything they got. That hombre’s good
fer board an’ lodgin’ anywhere on the range
without anybody takin’ contracts to adver-
tise it. That’s where we got to git to.
Up under the Pajarito’s. But to-night.
Now!” Obviously he was putting to him-
self an urgent question.

  “ Right now it would be nice for to hit
the straw,” grumbled Tansey; but Dasent
ignored him. He seemed driven even as he
drove his tired pony.

  “ He wouldn’t try fer the hills now!” he
declared. “ The kid’s close to the home

  ranch, Tansey. He’s close—he’s near!'
Sheffield seen him before he come to the
ranch. We got to trail Sheffield, an’ he
ain’t hittin’ no mountain trails. It’s Shef-
field we got to cover. He’ll lead us to ’em.
He’ll take us to the kid.”

  His eyes roamed over the gray horizon
feverishly, his face twitched, but Tansey
was not convinced.

  “ Lots o’ time. To-day we sleep—Shef-
field will. Preest, he won’t be able to wig-
gle, We’ll round him up poco tiempo.”
But the devil was in Dasent that night;
a devil which Snuff Tansey was at loss to
account for, as he was puzzled at the terri-
ble parody of a smile that Dasent now
turned upon him. He accompanied it with
a voice low and choked with that devilish
fervor.

  “ He said ‘ dead or alive!’ ” he snarled.
“ You heard him. You was there. ‘ Dead
or alive!’ That’s what the old man said.”
“ But we ain’t his cattle—we ain’t his
dogs! He don’t own us, to make us work
without sleep for him.” Tansey was
whipped into protest. “ Let him wait!”
Dasent seemed to let the other’s words
smolder in his mind.

  “ You go back to the creek, Snuff!” he
ordered suddenly. “ Git yore sleep an’ let
the boys git theirs.” He drew rein, and
Tansey pulled up beside him.

  “ That’s sense,” approved Tansey.

  “ Go on,” ordered Dasent. “ Me, I’m
ridin’ lines on ’em. You be ready with the
boys to ride by noon.”

  He watched Tansey canter away into
the mist which preceded sunrise; then,
turning his pony, he set out upon the quest
which appeared to possess him like some
evil spirit of medieval lore. He rode fast
and far, and before the sun wras high he
had visited five different ranches which he
suspected might shelter his quarry.

  With reckless disregard for what peril
must have threatened him if he had run
his men to earth, he rattled doorways at
midnight and hailed astonished ranchers
to their windows, but he didn’t find his
men. When he arrived at the abandoned
ranch at Bitter Creek, his pony was done,
and he himself bore the pallor of a fatigue
which surpassed weariness, while the devil
214

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

that showed in his eyes drew his ashen face
to a dreadful tensity and upheld him
against the poisons of exhaustion which
weighed his body down.

  He left his pony to droop in the shade
of the cypress tree and charged into the
bunk house to awaken the tired men with
a voice that was high pitched and strained
to the verge of cracking.

  A strange scene followed as several of
the number set about preparing a meal in
the kitchen of the ranch house, which, al-
though long abandoned as a habitation*
had been often used for the ranch work
of which old Parmelee made it occasionally
the headquarters. It had become, as a
matter of fact, an outpost of the old man's
dominion, and the cow-punchers of his out-
fit were as familiar with it as with the
buildings of their home ranch. They bus-
tled about now, occupied with their do-
mestic duties, blithely unconscious of the
incongruous spectacle which they pro-
vided.

  They were a motley crew, and composed
as many different types of manhood as any
group of its size in any part of the world
would possess. But this much they had in
common: a sun tanned leanness of counte-
nance and an awkward twist of the legs
which severally had been bestowed by the
hot sun and an undeviating devotion to the
saddle; also, while each countenance might
differ, each countenance was rough in that
sense of the word which denotes an excess
of masculinity untempered by a woman's
influence, and unsoftened by solicitude for
feminine regard. The group that filled the
ranch house had the barbarous aspect of a
pirate crew—and, like a pirate crew, they
placed upon the life of a man no value
save that which the man himself imposed.

  While the rude breakfast was prepared,
Dasent sat silent, or silently strode like a
nervous cat about the room rolling and
smoking innumerable cigarettes. His dark
eyes, glittering from the hollows of fatigue,
and his haggard face, bore out grotesquely
his likeness to some beast of prey waiting
for the bars to fall which caged him from
the hunt. He met their questions with
monosyllables of protest, and they revealed
another characteristic of their kind when

they resigned themselves to patience with
good humor.

  They ignored him as they bustled un-
handily about their absurd housework, and
when all present fell to the wretched fare
upon the rough board table few words
were spoken. The unclean coffeepot had
been drained to the dregs and the last
canned bean devoured when Dasent inter-
rupted the coarse pleasantries that passed
across the board with a terse disclosure of
his purpose.

  " They're hidin’ out!” he announced ab-
ruptly.

  “We still out to get ’em?’' asked one.

  Dasent glowered at the man for a second
and then answered with a ferocity that
brought their, eyes upon him in a narrow,
appraising gaze.

  “ We herd them in, if it takes a year!”
he snapped.

  “You didn’t get no whiff of his trail
last night?” Tansey was scarcely less
weary than his leader.

  “ I tell yer he's hidin' out. I want you
punchers should git out to the hills and
comb them like you was lookin’ fer ticks.
You an' me, Snuff, we're ridin' the range.
I don't want to think them hombres is
siltin' easy in any ranch around.”

  He sat with his elbows on the table and
glowered moodily into the distances which
the walls seemed to open to his gaze. “ We
will root 'em out if they're dug in as deep
as hell!” he cried suddenly, and then
lapsed into a silence that had the singular
effect of seeming as sudden as his speech.
The rest were silent, too.

  Then one pushed back his chair, and the
others, excepting Tansey, followed. The
sun was now high, gleaming ruthlessly on
the rock littered country without, and the
men turned to that sun baked exterior with
an apparent reluctance, as if they were
unaccustomed to facing the rigors of the
heat in their work of every- day. As they
grouped in the doorway, Dasent suddenly
leaped to his feet and hurled a storm of
words upon them.

  “Dead or alive!” he cried in his high,
strained voice. “ That's what the old man
said. Yo’re to bring them in dead or alive,
and there ain’t to be no foolin’ that ’11 let
VALOR.

215

happen what happened last night. Ef there
is resistance, shoot ’em down. Ef Preest
don’t come, shoot him an’ shoot quick!
Likewise don’t fool with Aleck Sheffield.
Shoot on sight. An—” He caught his
breath suddenly, gulping. “The boy!”
His voice cracked. “ If the boy throws
talk, shoot him! He’s got to come back.
Dead or alive!”

  The men in the doorway regarded him
gravely. He stood leaning over the table,
glaring back at them.

  “ That’s what the old man wants!” he
gritted. And save for a brief pause for as-
surance, they accepted that command
without a word.

  “ There won’t be no foolin’,” said Merle
Sandies, as they trooped out through the
door, and his words were a tribute to the
far-reaching power of Old Man Parmelee.
“ Meet here tonight?”

  “ Shore, fer supper.”

  When the door had closed behind them,
Dasent sank down into his chair. His
mouth was twisted into a queer, complacent
grin, but there were beads of perspiration
on his forehead. Tansey addressed him
with labored carefulness, speaking slowly.

  “ Seems like yo’re takin’ considerable
chances, Jud, takin’ the old man up thata-
way. They’re all primed to shoot daylight
out of these fugitives.”

  Dasent grinned with more assurance.

  “ The old man said it,” he repeated.

  “ But there’s the kid.”

  “ Shore! ”

“ It wouldn’t be so good if he got shot.”
“ An’ why not? Isn’t that what the old
man said? Dead or alive, he said. An’
that meant the kid inclusive.” Again the
queer, cracked note came into his voice.

  “ An’ if that ain’t what he meant, he’s
got hisself to blame!” he cried. “ You said
we ain’t his dogs nor hawses. But that’s
how he treats a man. All right, he’s got
hisself to blame ain’t he, if we take his or-
ders straight?”

  Revelation dawned in the mind of Tan-
sey, and incredulously he acknowledged it.

  “My Godfrey, Jud!” he cried, “yo’re
lookin’ fer the inside of hell.”

  “ I’m lookin’ to even things up with Old
Man Parmelee,” asserted Dasent.

  Tansey looked at him curiously. He was
listening to a voice which resounded in his
memory; the voice of Harper Preest. “ Two
skunks can’t play without fightin’!” the
man had cried. And he had added some-
thing about the teeth of Old Parmelee in
Dasent’s throat.

  “ No chance! ” he warned.

  Dasent grinned.

  “ It’s a chance in a hundred. There
ain’t nobody on this range but knows how
the old man’s dealt with me. This ranch
was mine. This house I built myself an’
hauled the lumber through the sun in a hell
of work an’ sweatin’.

  “ He took it—the range knows that. He
took me over, lock, stock an’ barrel, and
there ain’t nobody that ain’t sneered at the
way I’ve played in with him since; doin’
what he tells me. Playin’ the right bower
to his ace. Takin’ orders.”

  He grinned down upon Tansey now with
a satisfaction that soothed his agitation and
made him to appear almost unctuous in his
complacency. “ The Old Man, he ain’t
been one to sneer. Oh, no! Not him!
There’s two kinds o’ men, he brags to my
face. One fights him, an’ the other he
breaks. Me, I’m broke!” he laughed
queerly.

  “ Broke to harness, I am. Broke an’ all
reliable to do what he tells me to the last
gasp. Now won’t it be sort of nice, Tan-
sey? Won’t it be sort of high up an’ satis-
fyin’ to the old man when I bring in his
own boy dead, because he told me to?”

CHAPTER XI.

NO child’s play now.

THERE were three of them in a cave.
It had been a boy’s dream of pirates
and buccaneering that had led David
to that rocky canon eight years before; and
it had been the everlasting, undying spirit
of boyhood deeply rooted in his heart that
had caused Aleck Sheffield to follow the
youngster there and throw himself into the
pirate play while at the same time he had
manfully but good naturedly scoffed at the
intensity of the little fellow’s pretense.

  The young man and the little boy had
216

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

played that pirate game in their wild cave
together with such earnestness of imagery
on the boy’s part and, on the part of the
man, such sympathy as the boy in him and
his loyal affection for David combined to
engender, that they had quite failed to no-
tice the years pass by. Even now, in that
place, they could find the spirit of boyhood
and win it back again.

  David stood in the entrance to the cave,
and he was cut clean from foot to waistline
By the black shadow of the rocky wall be-
hind him. On one side of him lay the dark,
cool interior; on the other jagged and shat-
tered walls of rock that crowded the floor
of the canon and made intricate corridors
of stone which baffled search. In the
thousand years before David and Aleck had
come there no horseman had ever entered
that mass of forbidding stone.

  David had clambered down from the
canon rim on the day he first discovered it,
his lithe body wriggling heroically from toe
hold to hand grasp on the jagged surfaces.
In the many mysterious games which fol-
lowed he had come with Aleck as smuggler,
pirate, Macedonian conqueror, or Indian
scout, and they had devised many shifts of
knotted ropes and flimsy ladders for the
descent to the fantastic depths. It had
been years before they worked out a path-
way from the canon’s mouth through
which they might bring their ponies as a
hero of Arabian Nights adventure threaded
the mazes of far dreams.

  And such was the gigantic litter of the
shattered granite through which that pass
ran; such was the varied pattern of the
shadows which were cast, and so brilliantly
deceptive were the patched colorings of the
rock, that many horsemen might have
threaded that maze at once and cheated
the watcher from the canon’s rim of any
glimpse of a moving thing.

  “ I told you that the Pirate’s Cave ’d
turn out useful,” David gloated as he stood
in the entrance.

  Aleck grinned, remembering the good-
natured ridicule with which he had often
covered the protest his man’s mind had
made against playin’ Injun with a kid.

  “ You win, Dave,” he admitted. “ They
wouldn’t no more find us here than a tick

in a tub of axle grease. Not unless they
ride plumb over the edge. Then we eat
hawse meat fresh instead of out o’ cans.”
He was heating corned beef in a skillet over
a fire that burned against naked rock and
found vent for its smoke through a natural
crevice.

  The third member o£ the party gazed
from an obscure comer of the cave with a
mixture of hunger and resignation.

  u I ain’t kickin’ about the pirates,” com-
plained Harper Preest, “ but I shore wished
you left the centipedes out o’ this yere
cave.”

  JHe reclined upon an outspread tarpaulin,
making no move to assist his saviors with
their housework^ and his attitude appeared
to be one of criticism. His long and narrow
face turned on a neck of remarkable thin-
ness as he looked about the cave.

  u Are them hawses goin’ to be fed?” he
asked.

  They had ignored his first complaint, but
at this Aleck, while not acknowledging
Preest’s presence in the tiny shelter, gave
the matter consideration.

  “ When you an’ me was in the smugglin’
game, Dave,” he said, “ it was shore re-
grettable we didn’t smuggle in some hay.
Them hawses will have to be fed in the
night.”

  “ An’ if we have to ride ’em to-day, they
flop!” remarked Preest sardonically.

  David, whose dark eyes had been watch-
ing Aleck’s movements without a sign that
he had heard the remarks of either man,
spoke with the reflective gentleness of a
boy eighteen years of age, who is dreaming
dreams.

  “ You know, Aleck,” he said, “ when you
spoke about the time we was smugglers or
pirates in this cave, it sort of bobbled me
all up in my thinkih’. Because when you
said that, I was standin’ here lookin’ out
over the shadows on the rocks, an’—it’s
sort of funny—but I. wasn’t anything else
but just a kid agen, an’ that’s just what
you an’ me was doin’—playin’ pirates to-
gether.” He peered into the cave of re-
flectively.

  “ Lord, Aleck,” he said, “ it don’t seem
like there’s any time gone since then. It
don’t seem like I was a man now, an’ them
VALOR.

217

games was all over an’ done with. It
don’t seem like that real enemies with real
guns might come down- from the canon top
an’ hunt us out in real earnest. It’s a queer
thing, Aleck.”

  Aleck, for whom this was a trifle pro-
found, endeavored to evade the issue.

  “ Everybody grows up, Dave,” he said.

  “ Shore. It ain’t that. But everybody
don’t grow up to find things like they are
here on the range, Aleck. Everybody don’t
grow up to see men fightin’ like rattlers
fight king snakes, killin' an’ murderin' for
the meat they want an’ the power. In other
places, Aleck, I think there are kids grow
up to see men live together like you an' me,
an’ there must be places where when a
man’s right, he can lift up his head an' say
so. An’ dreams an’ games like ours ain’t
only things for kids to play at, but the
right things that come into a boy's head can
stay there an’ grow, an' be the things he
lives for in the friendship of all the men in
the world.”

  Aleck turned from his cooking and look-
ing into the boy’s eyes, saw the inevitable
fire there. David’s light, serious voice went
on, sounding a strange song in the cave.

  “ It seems like that if that kid who used
to play with you, Aleck, was another kid,
not me, but some other kid that I knew,
an’ the high dreams he had was torn to
pieces in front of his eyes, like these here
dreams have been, why Aleck, I think I’d
want to fight for that kid. I’d go to the
men who hurt him an’ I’d say: ‘ Give this
kid back his dreams! Give this kid back
the things he knows are right. You hurt
him an’ you bruise him, like he was a dog
that had done you wrong—but he ain’t.
He’s only a kid who can see things right.
An’ I’d fight for him, Aleck, because I’d be
feared he’d lose out, and get to be like the
others.”

  His voice stopped and he stood sil-
houetted against the sunlight as if quite
contented that his words should bring no
answer. Aleck had turned back to his cook-
ing before the boy’s voice had finished, but
Preest had not missed a word.

  “ That's damn foolishness!.” he ordained
scornfully. And Aleck turned on him
passionately, whereupon it developed that

he had turned back to his cooking because
his eyes were strangely dimmed.

  “ Shut up! ” he cried shortly. “ You
ain’t worth lickin’ his boots, Preest. An’
yo're due to keep yore trap shut. Now!”
His last word served effectively to silence
the protest which arose to the lips of the
astonished man, and Aleck turned almost
apologetically to David.

  “ Dave,” he said, “ there’s a stack of kids
in yore boots that wouldn’t have only an
obituary to pronounce on them high-up
thoughts an’ dreams you speak of. You,
yo’re still up an' fightin' for 'em. Which I
want to say that me, I’m fightin’*for that
kid you spoke of, too.” And he turned
quickly to his skillet.

  When he considered the mess of canned
meat was sufficiently cooked, he whisked it
from the fire and set it down, steaming,
upon a grocery box which occupied the cen-
ter of the floor. Then he took a number of
tin pie plates in his hand and dealt two
of them onto the rude table as if they were
cards dealt from the pack. Taking a third
in his hand he looked contemplatively upon
the recumbent form of Preest.

  “ You wanna eat?” he asked silkily.

  Preest tilted his narrow face upward,
peering at him.

  “ You go to grass!’’ he said amiably.
“ You talk o’ high-up, loco aspirations an’
such, an’ then you plumb torture a man.”

  “ Give him his dinner, Aleck,” pleaded
David. Sheffield protested.

  “ Now Dave,” he. urged, “ you know how
you said I was to have free say about this.”
He turned to Preest. “ You know how the
deal stands,” he warned him. “ When you
come clean, you get fed.”

  “ I told yer how it was, I can’t do no
fairer than that, can I?” he cried.

  “ Likewise you told a tarnation lot o’
lies,” quoth Aleck. “ When I asked you
real gentle, what the old man wanted yore
hide for, you talked up all virtuous an’ un-
truthful. Now the kid here, he’s riskin’ his
neck fer you, an’ I don’t want he should
take no chances on a stacked deal. When
you lay down yore cards all plain and regu-
lar, tellin’ me just what Old Man Parme-
lee’s got to hang you on, then you eat.
Otherwise, not.”
218

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  Preest stared at him closely, fingering
with a lean hand at his belt which was loose
about his waist.

  “ I told you,” he snapped obstinately.

  “ You told me you was a shinin’ angel as
innocent as a new thrown calf. I want the
truth,” drawled Aleck.

  “ A man can’t starve!” whined Preest.

  “ That’s my argument,” grinned Aleck.

  “ An’ if I tell the honestergod truth?”

  “ It depends.”

  Preest appealed to the boy.

  “ If I lifted a maverick it ain’t any
worse’n what the old man’s done,” he
pleaded. David had to think that over. He
regarded Preest with a thoughtful frown,
his earnest eyes dark in the diffusion of the
light that glared in the entrance behind
him.

  “ Then yo’ shore ’nuff been rustlin’ cat-
tle!” snapped Aleck.

  “ What then?” demanded Preest.

  Aleck would have retorted with an an-
swer, but David’s quiet voice was quick be-
fore him.

  “ I told my father,” he said, “ that if
you’d been stealin’ cows, there was a law to
take care of you. That’s why I did what I
did. If you shore ’nuff been stealin’ cows,
then we take you to the sheriff.”

  He spoke very quietly, as a youthful
judge whose mind was immutably fixed
upon his judgment. But the calm, level
voice of the boy seemed to strike Preest
like a lash. Suddenly white as death, he
leaped to his feet and glared wildly about,
the terror of a hunted animal upon him.

  “I knowed it!” he cried, and the cave
echoed his despair. “ You turn me over
to the sheriff. To Westock! Another of
his hounds. You turn me over to be hung!”
“To justice!” cried David. He sprang
to his feet, his cheeks aflame with protest.
“ It’s to the law, Preest. I don’t aim to
punish you. It’s just what the law says.”
WTanting words, he turned to Aleck appeal-
ingly. “ Tell him, Aleck.”

  “ Set down, Dave,” urged that gentle-
man, “ an’ eat yore food while it’s hot.
You, Preest, you’d best take some food,
too. We know how you stand now.”

  Preest stood rubbing his damp palms
upon his thighs.

  “I’d ruther starve than take chances
with Westock,” he growled.

  “ Eat,” urged Aleck. “ The kid’s playin’
this game to save yore neck,” he turned to
David who was reluctantly seated on the
cave’s floor beside his plate. “ But you
give him over to Westock, Dave, an’ he’ll
hang shore as shootin’,” he said.

  “ Westock’s the sheriff,” protested
David.

  “ They’ll take him away from Westock.”

  “ But that’s—that’s—”

  “ No, it ain’t. Not in this country.
Westock, he wouldn’t do no more than just
turn him over at the first sight of Dasent’s
guns. He’s got his orders, Westock has.”

  David gazed for a moment upon his
friend, gazed too, at the wretched prisoner
they had saved from the hanging; then
without a word he bent his round head to
the food before him, and the three fell to
e?vting wTith that solemn discontent of men
who can find no words for thoughts which
rankle.

  David first broke the silence after he
had polished off his plate and scraped the
skillett of all that his companions left. He
arose to his feet and spoke with that quiet
determination which since the night before
appeared to have developed from an oc-
casional characteristic into an integral part
of the boy’s nature.

  “ Aleck,” he said, “ I’m goin’ home an’
see dad.”

  “ No! ” Aleck arose, quick in protest. He
remembered the old man’s parting shot.

  “ Got to.” The boy voiced the conclu-
sion to which long thought had brought
him. “ This thing’s got to be straightened
out.”

  “ But they’re huntin’ the country for
us!” Aleck suddenly stepped to the boy
and took him by the arm. He spoke as a
fond brother might speak to a younger
one, bending his head a little to peer into
the boy’s eyes, gripping his arm firmly, as
if to steady him against the shock of words.
“ Dave! Dave, old kid, I didn’t tell you
all the truth about the old man, Dave.
He’s out to get Preest dead or alive, an’ fer
you, Dave, he’s out to take orf yo’re hide
with a rawhide whip.”

  David had need of that firm arm then.
VALOR.

219

His body leaped in the man’s strong grasp
as the body of a colt leaps at the touch of
the branding iron. His smooth cheek
blanched, and having yielded to the shock
which wracked his body, he stood rigid, gaz-
ing with hurt eyes into those of his friend.

  “ He—said—that?” A low, unbelieving
voice that came out of the boy's hurt soul.

  “ That’s what he said, Dave.’' Aleck
might have been a mother then, soothing
her troubled child. There was that infinite
tenderness in his voice; that note of sym-
pathy which revealed that he, too, suffered..

  “ Then I must gol” cried David. “ I
must go to him, Aleck. I must."

  “ You can’t do nothin’, Dave.”

  “I can!” David exclaimed.

  “ What can you do?”

  “ I can bring back that little dawg she
gave me! ” And without further speech
David disappeared into the maze of rocky
passages which led from the cave to the
place where their ponies were.

  Aleck stood, stricken with amazement.
The boy’s last cry had been so astoundingly
unexpected; had revealed a hidden current
of thought in his mind of which Aleck had
had no suspicion.

  “ The little dawg,” he whispered to him-
self.

  “ The kid’s loco,” growled Preest.

  “ Shut up!” snapped David's friend.

CHAPTER XII.

VANISHING DIVIDENDS.

LANK JIM HENDRY had established
the Monkey-wrench brand in the val-
ley of the Pajaritos in a day when the
cow-punchers were all dark faced vaqueros,
the horse herd a caballado, and the limpid
patois of the Mexican peon was the lan-
guage of the range. So the Monkey-wrench
outfit was among the oldest of the country.

  Young James Hendry, having inherited
that outfit, took advantage of the prosperity
which Lank Jim, his father, had wrung
from it, to play the cattle baron in the
stockyard district of a great city and leave
the sun-baked spaces of his native range for
what men he could employ to ride them.
It had been several years since his last visit

to the range, and now he had rolled out
of the East by roads of steel and in the
comfort of a soft cushioned motor car be-
cause the prosperity of his ranch had
seemed to wane.

  He was a shrewd business man, was Jim
Hendry, and under the suave and polished
manner he had acquired in the disposal of
fat dividends, was hidden an instinct that
brought him quickly to a personal investi-
gation of this, the least of his enterprises,
when the balance sheet sounded its alarm.

  Madge had accompanied him, because
the West had appealed to her sense of the
romantic—and she had decided to come. A
respect for the decisions of one’s daughter
develops amazingly with the prosperity of
one’s affairs. So do her decisions.

  They had been here six days, now.
Hendry, far too wise to “ raise dust ” as he
knew the ranch employes would expect him
to, had spent that time in genially making
the acquaintance of his men, studying the
country, and sending many fears for his
intentions fast to sleep.

  Madge had learned what it is to ride the
ponies of the range in a huge stock saddle,
and had further gone afield to fish in the
clear green waters of the Rio Felix, and to
fetch from White Oak the litter of puppies
which her favorite dog had sired. She had
promised herself another adventure soon,
for surely it was only right that she should
keep an eye on the puppy that had gone
to the boy on the trail. Frank, the kennel
man, would want to know about them all.
It was a part of the business of owning
thoroughbred dogs.

  “Where is Dasent?”

  Her father asked the question quite
amiably at the luncheon table, and Madge
listened for the reply; she had heard that
name before. Lew Brady, whose appear-
ance was made remarkable by the fact that
he had hair the color of tow and no chin
whatever, assumed his famous worried look.
Lew was a kitchen hand and chore boy at
the Hendry ranch, and he was often wor-
ried.

  “ He’s out on the range, I reckon,” he
ventured.

  Hendry frowned.

  “ I thought the men came in every night
220

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

these days,” he said. “ Dasent doesn’t do
any line riding, does he?”

  “ Not a lot,” explained the youth. “ But
there’s a sort of committee out right now.
They want this Harper Preest that’s been
rustlin’ cattle an’ such. Dasent, he’s in
charge.”

  “Where’s the sheriff?”

  Lew betrayed a flutter of confusion, but
overcame it manfully.

  “ He’s out, too, I reckon,” he said.
Hendry ate for a moment in silence. He
meant to go slowly. He divined the futility
of running counter to the customs of the
country and he was only vaguely aware ef
what those customs were.

  “ When he comes in,” he said, “ tell him
I want to see him.”

  “ Shore.” Lem lolled back against the
sideboard and chinlessly watched them eat.

  “ Dasent,” said Madge reflectively,
“ that’s the man who 4 don’t exactly work
for two men at once.’ ” She imitated
David’s drawl very prettily.

  “ What do you mean by that?” asked
her father, with some amusement.

  “ The boy I gave that puppy to,” ex-
plained Madge. “ His father took over
Dasent’s ranch, and now this man Dasent
does things for his father and works at this
ranch as well.”

  Hendry thought that over. Factory espi-
onage had been to him an elementary means
of affecting the profits of his competitors;
this appeared as if he had unearthed the
reason for the diminution of the profits of
his ranch.

  “ Who is this boy?” he demanded.

  “ I don’t know. Who is he, Mr. Brady?”
Her request was laden with an ineffable
sweetness and Lew, not for the first time,
was seduced by it.

.. “ Must be Old Man Parmelee’s David,”
he spilled forth.

  “ Old Man Parmelee?” Hendry was try-
ing to recollect that name.

  “ Shore. He’s over twelve miles this side
of the Bitter Creek trail.” Lew*, conscious
that he was babbling, and yet helpless un-
der the mischievous eyes of his employer’s
daughter, wobbled his lower jaw spasmodi-
cally. “ He’s all right,” he added weakly.
“ I want you to go and tell Grey that I’m

going over the books this afternoon,” said
Hendry shortly.

  “ Shore.” Lew hurried off upon his er-
rand. He was glad to leave the field of
those disturbing eyes.

  “Goody!” cried the iady. “Then you
wTon’t wrant the car.”

  “ No. Where do you plan to go?”

  “ Over to Old Man Parmelee’s,” smiled
Madge. “ I’ve got to look after that poor
puppy.”

  Hendry gave her a quick glance of sur-
prise. Having scented an unscrupulous
rival in this Old Man Parmelee, he had
taken it for granted that Madge had sensed
it, too; but now gazing at her he immedi-
ately discerned that she had been quite
deaf to the real burden of his questioning.
Her mind really appeared to be upon the
puppy and its future. It occurred to his
resourceful mind that this might not be
without its value.

  “ A good idea,” he said. “ I think it
would be nice for you to make friends with
these people. They’re really our neighbors,
you know. Tell Mr. Parmelee that I’ll
come over and call myself.”

  She smiled brilliantly.

  “ That’s a good daddy,” she cried, and
patted his hand, so that he was reminded
keenly of the love he bore her.

CHAPTER XIII.

WARRIOR BRED.

MADGE drove up to the Parmelee
ranch very prettily. The w7heels of
her car spurned the broken rocks
of the roadway with a noisy rattle, and her
tires whined on the clay. She whirled up
the terrace and brought up short with great
neatness, and when she sprang from the
car her slim form in riding clothes of thin
apple green material flashed in the sunlight
like the embodiment of spring.

  Old Man Parmelee, sitting in his chair,
must have been immeasurably surprised at
her appearance, but his countenance be-
trayed no sign of the effect her coming
made.

  “ Are you Mr. Parmelee?” she asked
prettily.
VALOR.

221

   “ That’s me,” he admitted, and his frozen
blue eyes played upon her like the reflection
of sunlight from the ice.

   “I’m Madge Hendry,” she said, and held
out her hand. He took it, but that was be-
cause he knew of nothing else to do. He
held it for an instant, but his hand hardly
closed upon it. “ We’re visiting the ranch,”
she explained.

   “ Shore/'

  “ I3 your son here?” she asked.
“ David?”

   He stared at her silently for a moment.

   '* He’s away,” he replied finally.

  “ I—we met down at the creek—at the
Dasent place,” she said, and stopped short,
for his cold eyes had darkened.

   “ You gave him that pup?’; he demanded,

   “Yes,” she smiled brilliantly. “That's
what I came here for. To see the puppy.
How is it?”

   Again his gaze slowly examined her in a
cold silence. He dwelt upon her costume,
redolent of expensive Eastern shops; he
observed her untanned lace with the flush
in her cheeks, and her bright eyes.. He no-
ticed her hands, soft and white, unmarred
by toil.

   “ You an’ David ought to be right good
friends,” he remarked; and instinctively
she resented the frigid sarcasm in his voice.
“ There ain’t no girl in these parts that’s
soft enough fer David to know. And men,
he finds them rough.”

  He leaned forward suddenly and his
voice took on a darker significance. It
startled her, having in it the essence of a
passion which had never touched her life.
“ What did that kid tell you?” he de-
manded.

   “ Tell me?” she cried, unaccountably in-
dignant.

  “ He spoke to you about that Dasent
ranch?”

   She instantly divined the reason for his
anger. This matter of Dasent, the man who
worked for two masters at once, had caused
David to shut up like a clam, and her
father to take on the thoughtful brow of
business hours; there was some magic to
make men rude in the position of this man
Dasent.

   “ No,” she answered. “ He wouldn’t an-

swer questions. They told me that out in
this country people who were polite didn’t
ask them.”

  Old Man Parmelee grinned dourly, con-
cealing a stormy sea of resentment. This
girl, with her dainty clothes and unspoiled
airs; this offspring of Hendry, the absentee
victim of his rapacity, called forth neither
kindliness nor courtesy from him. And
now she was flinging his words back into his
face.

  Again Old Man Parmelee felt that un-
easy sense of waning power. Again he felt
that his hand was no longer as strong to con-
trol as it was in the past, and he revolted
against it.

  “ Yore friend David,” he said brutally,
“ is away hidin’ in the hills. He played like
a fool an’ a woman till I took him in hand
to train; then he spited me!” His lips
curled in an unpleasant smile as he saw her
troubled frown. “ I got men out on the
range now for to round him up. When they
bring him in. I’m going to show him what
it means to cross me! ”

  Still regarding her with his bitter, sar-
donic eyes, he arose slowly from his chair?
“Tt was that pup that done it!” he burst
forth with unreasonable resentment. “ His
yellow, livered sperit couldn’t bear to see
the pup treated like a dog! ”

  He put forth one hand and took her by
the arm.

  “ Now you come with me, missy, an’ I’ll
show you what I’m goin’ to do. Some time
you’ll see him again. Then I want you
should tell him iust what you seen done
here to-day.”

  He stepped toward the door, his hand
strong upon her wrist.

  “ But no! ” she cried, although she felt
no panic. “ I can’t go in with you!”

  “ Come on in,” he grinned. “ Don’t you
be scared. You got to see what I’m goin’
to do! You got to see it! Come on!”
Without the slightest fear, and with con-
siderable curiosity, she followed this queer
man into his house, and shuddered at the
barren disorder of the room into which he
led her.

  “ Set down,” he said, and indicated a
chair. She seated herself, and watched
him as he walked stiffly and evidently with
222

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

great effort over to a far corner of the great
room.

  There he stooped suddenly and picked
up in his big hand the puppy she had come
to see. He held it by the scruff of the neck,
and bore it to another corner of the room
where, from a littered table he procured a
pair of enormous shears. Then he came
back to her and placed the puppy on a
packing box beside her chair, holding it by
the loose skin about its shoulders.

  “There!” he said with the strange, dis-
turbing grin upon his face. “ Now you look
what I’m doin’. I’m goin’ to trim this
pup’s ears, an: I’m goin’ to clip his tail, an’
I want you should tell him of it when you
see him! ”

  She jumped to her feet and drew away
from him.

  “ But why should I?” she cried.

  She divined that behind the glistening
malice of his eyes lay something of greater
significance than this trivial matter of trim-
ming a puppy’s ears. And he was not
loath to betray it.

  “ There ain’t no wickedness like the
wickedness of a boy to his father! ” he cried
bitterly. “ An’ to save a brute beast its
proper treatment, he’d undo the work of my
life.

  “ I want him to know that the pup
got its sufferin’ anyway. I want you should
tell him how it yelped an’ cried when the
shears cut into its flesh. How it howled in
pain in spite of his playin’ the fool.”

  He fastened upon her a smile which was
a leer, and she stood transfixed by this
revelation of the tortuous pathways of the
old man’s mind. It seemed incredible that
he meant thus to triumph over his son, but
she didn’t know that a passion more crafty
than the sense of triumph was at work.

  She didn’t know, for instance, that Old
Man Parmelee, confident that David would
see this girl before ever he thought to return
to his father, counted upon her recital of
this scene to bring David hurrying home.
It is possible, indeed, that Old Man Parme-
lee was not as blind to the peculiarities of
his son’s ardent temper as he seemed.

  He grasped the puppy with needless vio-
lence, bunching in his great hand the loose
skin about its shoulders, hurting it so that

it wriggled in protest but gave forth no
whimper of pain.

  “ Torture, he called it,” he sneered as
he raised the shears. “ Like a woman
would. I want you should tell him how his
puppy squealed.”

  She gazed upon him with eyes wide open,
her face blank in puzzlement.

  “ But that dog won’t squeal!” she cried.
“ It’s an English bull terrier. They never
cry out! ”

  The shears clanged as he dropped them
on the box and leaned there with one hand
heavily upon the board. He stared at the
girl as if he were a child and she his
teacher, inflicting a distasteful lesson.

  “ It won’t?” His tone was so lugubrious
that she smiled as she answered him.

  “ Mercy, no. It would take more than a
trimming to make that puppy cry. His
father is Shropshire Rex the Third.” She
caught her breath suddenly, appalled by the
cloud that fell upon him. Sweeping the un-
fortunate animal up in his hand he looked
at it as if it were a thing accursed.

  “ Won’t cry?” he roared. “ I say it will
cry! I want it should cry! I’ll make it!”
And hurling it to the ground, he kicked at
it viciously.

  “Don’t do that!” she cried, and seized
him by the arm. “ That’s mean! That’s
brutal! ”

  He brushed her hand from him, and in
an excess of rage, jabbed at the puppy with
his heel.

  “Yelp! Yelp out! Howl!” he cried.
“ I want he should know that it hurt.”

  The puppy, having injured a leg in its
fall, and further tortured by the man’s
vindictive foot, edged away, snarling and
limping; but it did not cry out, nor did it
run away. Instead it hurled an infantile
defiance at the man, growling bravely
through its clenched milk teeth at the brute
which kicked it.

  Madge, impotent against the man’s fury,
cried out one angry, inarticulate cry, and
darted forward to take the dog from his
way, but Old Man Parmelee pushed her
aside with a warning.

  “Git away!” he cried. “I’ll kill the
little rat.” And he would have done so,
too; killed it or maimed it in his insensate
VALOR,

223

fury, but as the girl staggered back from
his rude shove, the door opened and David
entered the room.

CHAPTER XIV.

THE KNOUT.

" A IN’T you got nerves? Ain’t you got
feelin’s?” screamed the exasperated
old man as he stumped forward,
leaning on the table to lunge out with
one foot at the wretched puppy. But
David sprang lithely from the doorway to
push his father back and sweep the little
animal up in his arms.

  “You leave it be!” he cried. “It’s
mine.”

  With the injured puppy clutched against
his breast the boy tossed back his head and
fixed shining eyes upon his father.

  ,£ That’s one thing you got to leave be,”
he said.

  Man and boy ignored the girl as they
stood there facing each other. Old Man
Parmelee, having been pushed almost from
his precarious balance by the exuberance
of David’s onslaught, now firmly grasped
the high back of a chair before him and
stared at his indignant son.

  As usual with these two, a turmoil of
thought passed in their minds between what
time they spoke, and Madge, kneeling on
the hard earthen floor, saw the face of
Old Man Parmelee as his mind worked furi-
ously in that silence become gradually
harder, gradually beclouded by the dark-
ness of a ruthless determination.

  His hands left the back of the chair and
in his peculiar stiff-legged manner, he
walked to the wall beside the fireplace. He
spoke as he walked, and Madge Hendry,
watching and listening, felt her heart con-
tract within her as she sensed impending
tragedy. The boy stood with the puppy in
his arms, folded to his breast, and watched
his father’s movements.

  His face was flushed so that his cheeks
shone apple red, and his dark eyes glowed
handsomely. He seemed marvelously un-
perturbed, yet there was a certain set alert-
ness in his face, and a great deal of resolu-
tion.

  “ So you come back,” said his father, as
he moved to the wall. “You come back.
An’ the first thing you do is to sling yore
spite out at me like a rattler.”

  His voice rose to a sudden harshness.
“ Well, I’m glad you come!” he cried. “ I
told Aleck Sheffield what I was goin’ to do
to you when you come back, an’ now I’m
goin’ to do it f I’m goin’ to whip you till
you yell out for mercy.” And his hand
clutched the stock of a rawhide whip that
hung at the mantel side.

  Springing to her feet the girl gasped out
something incomprehensible, inarticulate;
but neither the boy nor the man took notice
of her.

  “ Father! You won’t.” In that cry
David voiced all the trust of a boy in his
father’s love and fairness, but the wretched
man was deaf to the meaning of his voice.

  “ Hal Yo’re afraid. I knew it. I told
’em.” The old man strode across the floor
to the boy’s side. “ Save yore whines an’
yore pleadin’,” he rasped, “ ’cause you’ll
need ’em now.”

  David turned to grasp his father by the
arm, but with great violence old Parmelee
tore his grasp away.

  “Yelp now!” he cried, and raising the
whip he laid it with all his might across the
boy’s straight back.

  “A-a-a-a-h!” David caught his breath,
but that was all. He drew up his shoulders
after that, and his head shrank down in
an instinctive physical resistance to the
blows which his father showered on him.

  “Cry out! Yell! Yelp like the yellow
dawg you are!” Old Man Parmelee shouted,
and he lashed the boy again with all the
strength of his arm. The third stroke
snapped loudly, and the boy’s shirt was
ripped open as if by a knife.

  David, clutching the puppy to him, made
only one single sound. It came thickly
through clenched teeth, and Was preceded
by a sharp intaking of the breath. As the
fifth blow lashed across his back, he jerked
out the one word. “ No! ”

  “No! No!" No! Stop you’ll kill him!”
shrieked Madge, and she grasped the old
man by the arm. With a sweep of that
arm he flung her away, and she fell back
into a chair.
224

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  She leaped to her feet again, and ran
terror stricken to the door, but found no
help there. She ran from one comer of the
room to the other, vainty, without reason or
control, and came back to stand clutching
at a chair back, seeming to feel every blow
which fell upon the boy. And she felt the
more keenly because she could now see the
mark of the lash upon his naked back;

  Old Man Parmelee had stood for a mo-
ment relaxed after flinging the girl from his
arm, and David turned to him with com-
passion in his eyes where Parmelee had ex-
pected to find pain and resentment. At
that the old man raised the whip and
flourished it in the boy’s face.

  “ You’ll defy me!” he gritted. “ You’ll
fix yer face to laugh at me. You think I
can’t make you cry.” His passion was ex-
traordinary, ludicrous.

  In a sudden uprush of passion the old
man seized the boy’s shirt collar with both
hands and ripped the shirt from his back.

  “ Now,” he cried, “ you’ll beg for ever-
lastin’ mercy!” The whip whined in the
air and crashed viciously as it bit the
smooth skin of the bare torso.

  Madge shrieked. David’s head sank for-
ward, the puppy dropped to the floor and
the boy drooped, supporting himself with
his hands upon the table. The terrible old
man braced himself, feet apart.

  Then, blind to the red welts on the
smooth skin of the boy’s straight back, he
raised his whip and brought the lash down
again with a vicious whine. A scarlet stripe
appeared as he raised the whip once more,
but David, except for a writhing of the flesh
beneath that satin skin, gave no sign that
he was hurt. Again the lash fell, and the
boy’s back quivered as a thin stream of
blood showed that the skin was cut through.

  “ Cry out! Fight! You puppy!” cried
the furious old cattleman. “ Yelp out, or
I’ll flay you alive.”

  Insanely he plied the lash, gasping with
the effort of every stroke; flaying that satin
skin with a madman’s ardor. But David,
his head low on his breast and one arm
flung across his eyes in a protective ges-
ture, which suggested that he tried to shut
out an intolerable sight, jerked forth the
thick word, “No!”

  “You will! You will!” The whip
cracked on the flesh again.

  David caught his breath; there was a
shriek of agony struggling in his breast for
utterance, and the sweat streamed into his
eyes, blinding him. Also there was an ani-
mal that tore at his muscles, urging him to
turn 011 his tormentor and rend him with
his hands.

  He was not conscious of how he writhed
and twisted as he supported himself therf
against the table. He was not conscious
of anything save an agony of pain, a
passion of black fury, and the desire to fall
senseless and unconscious for evermore.

   Crack! fell the lash, biting into the bleed-
ing flesh, cutting the boy’s young body with
its curling cruelty. A tremulous sigh
escaped from David’s lips. He bit one
wrist to keep his agony from utterance.
His form drooped pitiably, and his head
sank lower.

  “ You can’t look at me! You can’t
fight! You can’t howl! You can’t look me
in the face!” gasped the maniac who
wielded the lash.

  For answer, David dropped that guard-
ing arm from his eyes, took up his dog in
a protecting clasp and, drawing himself
erect with a great effort, he turned upon his
father the light of his brown eyes and all
the conflicting passions which they held.
No cry could have voiced the dreadful ar-
dor of his eyes, and the flame of them,
framed by the boy’s glistening brow and
clean cut, unfurrowed face, struck the old
man with an awful accusation.

  “ Dad—” said the boy, and that was all
he said. It was protest, and uncompre-
hending pain.

  Old Man Parmelee stood with the whip
in his hand upraised. He glared at the
burning and intolerable passion of his son’s
straight gaze for a split second in awful
silence, and then it was he who crooked one
arm across his eyes.

  It was the old man now who tried to shut
out a sight he could not bear to see, and
as the whip hand and the lash fell to the
floor, there burst from his lips a stream of
profanity which was the horrible voice of
a man who in that moment knew no God.
He stretched out his arms as he screamed.

                        4	A
VALOR.

225

His eyes glared glassily, and a thin foam
gathered on his lips.

  “ It’s there!” he screamed, with the in-
coherence of his dark emotion. “ It’s there!
In his eyes! Still there!” and he tottered
in his place as a tree totters before falling.
He would have crashed as the tree falls, to
the floor, had not David leaped forward
and upheld him.

  Madge saw the boy do this, and she had
looked upon the entire incredible scene,
through the red mist of nightmare, and she
saw the old man’s great hand clutch the
boy’s shoulders, so that as David, wincing,
upheld his father, the man’s hand was
stained with blood. She saw that David
desired to support his father to a couch and
it released her from the horror that held
her like a spell.

  She stepped forward to help him; but
David turned his dark eyes upon her, and
his glance held her away, for his eyes con-
tained an eloquence which was more moving
than speech.

  “ It’s my father,” he murmured. “ It’s
between us two. We can do all we have to
do for each other alone.”

  With his tortured back still naked to the
waist, his face wet with the perspiration of

his agony, and the lips she had seen so red
in the sunlight now livid and twitching with
great pain, David supported his father ten-7
derly to the couch against the wall. There
he laid him down and bent for a moment
over him.

  Then he arose to his full height and drew
his torn shirt about his shoulders once
more, quivering with the pain it caused
him. This done, he paused for a moment
and breathed deeply, then, reaching to his
hip pocket he drew forth his father’s gun
and gently placed it above the head of the
unconscious man. When he spoke, he
spoke with an even, low voice, and he ad-
dressed the inert figure of his father with a
queer confidence, as though he knew his
words were heard.

  “ There was a time,” he said, “ when you
was whippin’ me, that I wanted to kill you.
I wanted to kill you, dad. An’ that, that’s
the worst thing that you’ve done.

  “ You made me so that I wanted to shoot
you. But I ain’t holdin’ it agen you,
dad—I—”

  He stood silent for a moment, contem-
plating the drawn, gray face of the man.

  “ I ain’t,” he finished with a strange
calmness in his voice.

TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK

u	u	u

 THE SHADOW

*TWAS vespertide I idly dreamed
Beside the summer sea.

   Out on the rocks the starlight gleamed,
      Where the mermaids used to be.

   I heard the dreamy lullaby
      The sirens used to croon—

   A shadow drifted through the sky,
      Beneath the misty moon.

5 A

Fancy smote the bondman’s chain
That linked me to life’s toil—

That romance-tree bloomed once again
In the dead years’ sacred soil.

I breathed the balm of South Sea isles
In the tropics’ golden sheen—

   Then a biplane whistled through the miles,
      ’Mid the fumes of gasoline!
By JACK BECHDOLT

HIS name was Daly—Simms Daly.
He appeared one winter day at the
outside of the rail which separates
the general public from the office force of
the J. K. Blevitt Company, and demanded
J. K. Blevitt in a loud, ringing voice. He
was not an unusually large man, but he
was clad at the moment in a coat of horsy
checkered tweeds, a violent caterpillar fur
hat, and smallpox-pitted yellow shoes, a
bolshevik tie, and various other impedi-
menta which expanded him in the shocked
vision of the beholders. His face had a
ruddy glow, and as he smiled he displayed
gleaming teeth that would have done credit
to the bogus Grandma in “ Little Red
Riding Hood.”

  J. K. Blevitt chanced to be passing. J.
K. Blevitt was a thin, dark, saturnine,
nervous business man with a hundred wor-
ries and anxieties constantly riding him.
At the loud noise Blevitt turned to the rail
with a snarl: “ I’m J. K. Blevitt, young
man!”

  “Good!” cried Simms Daly heartily.

  “ I am the man you have been looking for.
  Mr. Blevitt, I am a go-getter!”

    Simms Daly leaned across the separating
  rail before J. K. Blevitt could move, and
  his hand plucked something from the
  shoulder of Mr. Blevitt’s coat.

    “ Pardon me, Mr. Blevitt,” Daly said,
  and ostentatiously deposited the hair he
  had plucked from Mr. Blevitt’s shoulder
  far to one side.

    “Don’t do that!” cried J. K. Blevitt
  irritably.

    Simms Daly laughed in high good hu-
  mor—a ringing, loud, empty laugh, like the
  guffaw of the happy jackass. “ It’s all
  right, Mr. Blevitt! It’s all right! It was
  not a blond hair! No, sir, it was gray.
  An oldish hair, Mr. Blevitt—one of your
  own gray locks!”

    J. K. Blevitt hated to be pawed by
  strangers. If there was anything he de-
  spised, it was the imputation that a blond
  hair might be found on his shoulder. If
  there was one thing certain to make his
  blood boil, it was a reference to him as
  226
THE GOAT-GETTER.

227

gray haired or elderly. All three of these
unpleasantly violent emotions seethed and
bubbled within his breast as he glared at
the stranger.

  “ As I was saying, Mr. Blevitt,” Simms
Daly went on, unperturbed by J. K. Blev-
itt’s glare, “I’m a go-getter. I am the man
you are iooking for to jazz up your sales
force. And I’m ready to go to work right
now.”

  “ Damn you, sir, I don’t want a sales-
man—and if I was starving to death for
a salesman, I wouldn’t take you!” It was
on the lip of J. K. Blevitt's tongue to say
this to Simms Daly. But he did not
say it.

  The fact was, J. K. Blevitt needed a
salesman very badly that morning—a man
to visit the down town trade. Blevitt
swallowed his indignation and managed to
growl fairly mildly: “ Come inside. I’ll
talk to you.”

  “ You know the down town box trade,
of course?” said J. K. Blevitt, after a short
chat in which Simms Daly did most of the
talking. To terminate the interview Blev-
itt already had agreed that Daly was to
go to work and show what he could do.

  You know the down town trade in boxes,
Daly?”

  “ No, I don’t. Never had the pleasure,”
Daly quoth in a good, loud voice, display-
ing all his fine teeth cheerfully. “ Nope!”
“ Well, then, how the devil—”

  “There, there!” Daly cried, fending off
his new boss with a soothing gesture which
brought his palm to rest affectionately
on Blevitt’s trembling shoulder. “ There,
there! Don’t you worry, Blevitt, I will
know ’em! I’ll know ’em like my own
brothers by this evening. Everything’s
O. K., Blevitt. I’ll get your orders!”

  “By the eternal, you’d better!” said
J. K. Blevitt in a strangled voice. “ You’d
better show me!”

  Inwardly, Blevitt thought with vast sat-
isfaction that he would not be bothered
with Simms Daly for many hours. Daly
would come back empty-handed, or with
a pitiful showing of orders, and out Daly
would go, assisted, figuratively speaking, by
the toe of the J. K. Blevitt boot.

  But Simms Daly came back that evening

with such a sheaf of orders that even J. K.
Blevitt relaxed his grimness. Blevitt spoke
to his cashier. “ Put Daly on the pay roll
for a week, until I can find a salesman
who doesn’t incite me to murder!”

II.

  J. K. Blevitt talked with Rudolph
Reed, his general manager and a silent
partner in the J. K. Blevitt Company.
Rudolph Reed was ten years younger than
Blevitt, though he did not look it. He
was a man of fine physique, military car-
riage, and calm dignity. He dressed with
meticulous care always, carrying to busi-
ness his walking stick, his neatly creased
gloves, wearing his dove-hued spats and
Prince Albert coat.

  J. K. Blevitt was the boss—a man feared
and loved—but Rudolph Reed was the king
of the office, a fair and just king whose
person was held sacred.

  Reed had just returned from an out-of-*
town journey.

  “ I had to take on a new down town
salesman while you were gone, Rudolph,”
said Blevitt.

  “ Ha! I thought I saw a strange hat on
the rack as I came in.”

  “Strange?” Blevitt cried. “Strange?
You’d have seen a stranger coat under the
hat, if you’d looked twice. And wait till
you see what goes with the outfit! Ru-
dolph, I guess I picked a lemon—”

  “ A dud, is he?”

  Blevitt frowned. “ He can sell like a
blue streak!” Reed raised his eyebrows in
question. “ Yes,” said Blevitt, “ he can
sell. I can’t very well kick out a man who
sells twice as much as Murphy used to in
the same territory, can I, Rudolph?”

  “ Why should you, J. K.?”

  “ Wait till you meet him! Just wait till
you know him, Rudolph! If you can stand
this pest, I won’t ever say another word!
Come along, I want vou to know Simms
Daly!”

  J. K. Blevitt dragged his partner and
manager to the outer office and up to the
desk where Simms Daly was most com-
fortably established. Simms Daly was
going over his order book, humming a tune
228

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

in his fine, resonant voice. He hummed
continuously, the same tune, over and over.
You could hear him all over the room. A
battery of eyes poured black looks upon
him from every direction. Simms *Daly
was oblivious of the hatred he engendered
by his happy music.

  Simms Daly damped his order book down
upon his desk with a bang like a bomb
exploding in the quiet office. Swinton, the
bookkeeper, jumped a foot off his high
stool. His precisely poised pen dropped
a nice, fat, fluid blob of black over the neat
column of figures he had just transcribed
from the day book. Swinton gazed at the
wreck with a compound of despair and
wrath.

  Bertha Edge, the pleasant, blond stenog-
rapher, hit the keyboard of her machine
with both clenched hands and broke a type
bar.

  Albert, the office boy, dropped the carafe
of drinking water he was bearing to J. K.
Blevitt’s desk, and the broken glass crashed
far and wide.

  Simms Daly had clapped down his order
book at sight of the boss. He was cheerily
unaware of the devastation he had created.
“ Morning, Blevitt!” he hee-hawed.

  “ Shake hands with Mr. Reed, our gen-
eral manager,” Blevitt snorted in trembling
rage. “ This is Mr. Daly, Rudolph—”
Daly was out of his chair with a bound
and his willing hands propelled the chair
violently toward Reed. Daly’s hand
clamped onto Reed’s shoulder and sought
to press Reed into the chair, while his
other hand caught at Reed’s walking stick.

  “ No, no—I won’t sit down,” Reed pro-
tested. “ No, you keep the chair.”

  “ Nothing doing, Reed!” Daly declared,
fighting to get the walking stick. “Let a
lame man stand? Not me!”

  “ Lame?” Reed gasped.

  “ Lame?” Blevitt snorted. “ Where do
you get that stuff, Daly?”

  Daly paused in his struggle, stared, and
uttered his jackass guffaw. “ I thought he
was lame! He carries a cane!”

  A sickly, poisoned silence came over the
office as every man and woman caught his
breath. In the silence Albert, the office
boy, uttered a shrill, ghastly giggle and

tried to turn it into a cough. In spite of
himself a dull red came into Reed’s cheeks.

  “You bonehead!” J. K. Blevitt sput-
tered. “ I suppose you think Charley
Chaplin is lame because he carries a
cane?”

  “ That’s one on me, boys!” Simms Daly
chortled blithely. “ Yes, sir, that’s certain-
ly one on me. But, sit down, and you, too,
Blevitt!” He seized another chair and
pushed it at Blevitt. “Go on, sit down!
I’m a lot younger man than you two. I
don’t mind standing.”

III.

  “ Wtell,” said J. K. Blevitt, when Reed
stopped in his office at lunch hour, “ you
saw it! What are we going to do with it?
How are we going to get rid of Daly—
that’s the question?”

  Reed shook his head. His cheeks still
burned a little as he thought of his cane.
“ What can we do, J. K.? Nothing, so
far as I can see—”

  “ Can you stand for that bounding
kangaroo with the jackass laugh?” Blevitt
demanded, his eyes bulging.

  “ It’s terrible,” Reed admitted earnest-
ly. “ Terrible! And the worst of it is, the
bounder doesn’t know he’s offensive. Did
you see his eyes when he called us old
men? He really meant well—”

  “ Damn what he meant! He’s got to be
fired, Rudolph. How that laughing hyena
manages to sell the trade, I don’t know!
But he can’t stay on here!”

  “ Be fair, J. K. You can’t fire a man
because you don’t like his laugh—especially
the best salesman you’ve got! We’ve got
to be fair!”

  J. K. Blevitt bowed his head reluctantly.
“ All right, Rudolph. I guess you’re right,
at that.”

  Swinton, the bookkeeper, met Bertha
Edge on her way to work one morning.
“ Say, I’m sore as a pup I couldn’t get up
to the partv at your flat last night, Ber-
tha!”

  “ Swinny,” Bertha said earnestly, a
strange trace of bitterness obscuring her
usually good-natured face, “ some people
have got all the luck—you, for instance!”
THE GOAT-GETTER.

229

  “ Luck! I don’t call it luck, missing out
one of your jolly evenings—”

  “ Jolly! Maybe they were jolly once!
This one was gosh-awful ghastly, if you
get what I mean. Oh, what an ending for
an almost perfect party!”

  “ Why, Bertha, what—”

  “ Listen,” Bertha said tensely, grasping
the bookkeeper’s arm by way of emphasis.
“ It was this pest, Simms Daly. Like a sap,
I let him in! Oh, my gosh, Swinny—”

  “ What?” Swinton gasped.

  Bertha whispered tensely: “You never
guessed? Swinny, he’s a barytone-—”

  “ You don’t mean to say he sings—in
company?”

  “ Does he! I might have guessed it,
from the noise he makes around the office;
but I never tumbled, even when he showed
up with a brief case bulging with sheet
music. I supposed it was just some kind
of sample case. Right in the midst of a
fine evening, everybody getting chummy
and talking and laughing and cutting up,
this boob ducks out, gets his music, and
takes the center of the floor. ‘ Well, boys
and girls, Uncle Simms has got a nice little
surprise for you! Uncle Simms is going to
sing a little piece.’

  “ And he did. Yes, indeed, he did! He
sang ‘ Asleep in the Deep,’ and that one
about the ‘ Sands of the Desert,’ and a wop
opera song about Donna Somebody, and on
and on and on. Nothing could stop him
short of an ax—and his skull would turn an
ax; probably just ruin a real good blade.
Nobody talked, after that, Swinny! The
party was blotto!

  “ Pretty soon one and another said they
guessed they’d have to drift along. They
didn’t even wait for refreshments—no-
body but one or two tried and true friends
—real pals! And Simms Daly, of course!
He stayed till I yawned in his face and
threw him out. Wanted to sing to me alone,
but I stepped on that!”

  “ Ghastly!” Swinton sympathized. “ It
must have been a massacre. Something
has got to be done, such as poisoning, to
fix that go-getter!”

  “ Goat-getter, you mean,” Bertha Edge
declared morosely. “ He’s got mine, I’ll
broadcast! ”

  “ You said it, Bertha! He’s getting
everybody’s goat!”

IV.

Afternoon of the day before Christmas.

  Throughout the J. K. Blevitt office rigid
discipline of business had relaxed. The
lunch hour rule was forgotten. Employees
straggled in at two o’clock and at two
thirty, their bundle-laden arms and the
excitement in their faces excuse enough
for one day.

  Blevitt and Reed were in Blevitt’s office.
J. K. Blevitt was in a state of nerves tech-
nically known as a blue funk. No high-
strung actor facing his first night suffered
as J. K. Blevitt suffered on this one after-
noon of the year.

  It was the custom of the Blevitt organi-
zation to make Christmas presents. Bo-
nuses, graded in amount according to earn-
ings and length of service, were distributed
by the head of the company. As a Santa
Claus, J. K. Blevitt was a complete bust—■
a flop.

  The best J. K. Blevitt could do was
stagger feebly into the big office bearing
his basket of envelopes, read out the name
of each employee, and hand him his pres-
ent with a nervous glare that suggested he
was passing out two-week notices to every-
body and sincerely hoped they would all
starve to death in most pitiable circum-
stances before they got another job.

  Once the employees had burst into J. K.
Blevitt’s office with a presentation walking
stick and a traveling bag. They made
speeches at him. Blevitt never fully re-
covered from the horrors of the day, nor
his fear that the performance would be re-
peated.

  That the blankety blank, dash, asterisk
fools would keep quiet and take his money
and let him alone was the dearest wish of
his deeply sensitive soul. He loved them all,
if only they wouldn’t show any indecent
gratitude!

  Reed was busily checking over the bonus
list and the envelopes. “ All set!” he an-
nounced calmly.

  Blevitt groaned, a hollow, croaking
prophecy of disaster.
280

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  “ Rudolph,” he said, turning tragic eyes
on his partner, “ you do it! ”

  Reed shook his head. “ No, they expect
it from you, J. K.”

  “ Rudolph, I’m damned if I will!”

  “ Yes, you will, J. K.! Buck up! Be
a man!”

  “ Why should I? I don’t like this Santa
Claus business, I tell you! I’ll forget my
confounded speech. Good Lord! Where
is that speech?” Blevitt began to paw his
desk, sending papers flying. “ Here,” said
Reed calmly, supplying the manuscript.
“ It’s short enough. You can’t possibly
forget it.”

  J. K. Blevitt glanced once more over the
speech, muttering its commendations and
good wishes to the employees under his
breath.

  “ Come ont” said his partner. “ Time
to go!'”

  As Reed opened the door, Blevitt grasped
him anxiously, holding his arm back. “ Ru-
dolph! You—you haven’t got a drink about
you? Something real fiery?”

  “ Good Heaven, no, J. K.! Why, you’re
a rabid prohibitionist!”

  “ I know it,” said J. K. Blevitt tear-
fully. “ Been one all my life! Hate the
stuff—hate the sight of it; but Rudolph, I
wish to Heaven—I was drunk, right
now! ”

  Reed opened the door and shoved his
partner through.

  Simms Daly had been waiting for this
moment.

  Simms Daly had heard from office gos-
sip of the annual Christmas presentation.
He was all primed for the joyous occasion.
For an hour he had been circulating about
the office, plotting.

  WThen J. K. Blevitt tottered feebly into
the room, the center of all attention, Simms
Daly sprang to his feet and loosed his great
barytone voice.

“ For he’s a jolly good fellow!

For he’s a jolly good fellow!

For he’s a jolly good fe-he-low

Which nobody can deny-hy.”

Daly brayed lustily. At the end of the
verse, in which a few straggling, shamed
voices had joined, Daly roared: “Now,

boys and girls, everybody!” He brayed
again, right lustily:

“For he’s a jolly good fellow!”

and the chorus became more general, in-
cited by the man’s overpowering ego. The
office force rose en masse and advanced
upon J. K. Blevitt, who faced them speech-
less, white with terror, clawing feebly with
one arm at his basket of bonuses, with the
other at Rudolph Reed.”

  “Join hands, everybody!” Simms Daly
yelped.

  They joined hands and circled round and
round their helpless, trembling victim, roar-
ing over and over:

“For he’s a jolly good fellow!”

  Albert, the office boy, Swinton, the book-
keeper, Bertha Edge, the stenographer, old
and young, high and low, the decorous of-
fice force of the J. K. Blevitt Company,
went mad together, romping around J. K.
Blevitt until his head swam and he stood
weaving giddily, roaring out their nonsense
about his being a jolly good fellow, while
he glowered feebly and the sweat of a death
agony streamed down his white face. The
uproar quieted finally.

  “ Give him a cheer, boys and girls!”
yelped Simms Daly. He began:

“ He’s all right,

Who’s all right—”

in the approved manner of all cheer lead-
ers, and the office force followed his lead,
swept off their feet and driven to insanity
by his noise and their own.

  If J. K. Blevitt’s fondest desire of the
moment had come true and heaven had
stricken them all dead, quiet could not have
come more suddenly, absolute quiet in
which the flushed, panting mob faced their
employer.

  Simms Daly yelped: “ Speech, speech.”
Everybody knew that it was J. K. Blevitt’s
turn now.

  J. K. Blevitt gasped.

  Gone was all idea of speechmaking, of
doing anything except getting away from
there. Self-preservation, Nature’s primal
law, ruled J. K. Blevitt.

  “ Here!” he cried.
THE GOAT-GETTER.

231

  He threw his basket of envelopes at them
and staggered feebly to his private office,
Rudolph Reed bearing up his limp form.

V.

  j. K, Blevitt had his arms on his desk
top and his head buried in his arms. From
time to time he still shook unexpectedly
with violent emotion.

  Rudolph Reed came in from the outer
office. “ I got them untangled at last,” he
reported. “ Everybody has his own envel-
ope and is happy.”

  J. K. Blevitt gave a deep, ghastly groan.
“ Let me alone! Just let me alone, can’t
you!”

  “ All right, J. K.,” Reed agreed soothing-
ly. “All right!”

  From the outer office came a sudden burst
of song. It was the jackass barytone of
Simms Daly, warbling happily, jubilantly:

  “ Till the sands of the de-hes-ert grow
co-ho-o-o-o-Id
And the scrolls of the he-heavens un-
fo-ho-o-o-o-ld—”

  “No!” J. K. Blevitt screamed, leaping
from his chair. “ No, no, no! ”

  “ No, what?” asked Rudolph Reed, look-
ing up from the statement he was studying.

  “ Till the sa-hands—of the—de-hesert,
grow co-o-old!” Simms Daly brayed.

Reed shuddered. “ Ghastly, isn’t it?”

  “ I won’t have it!” shouted J. K. Blevitt
hoarsely. “ I won’t. Why should I? This
is my business, isn’t it? I’ll fire that in-
fernal goat-getter to-day!”

  Rudolph Reed started to nod enthusiastic
agreement. Then a sudden frown checked
his nod. “ Oh, I say, J. K., this is Christ-
mas!”

  “ I don’t give a whoop what it is, Ru-
dolph.”

  “ Be fair, J. K. Be fair! He is an—
er—goat-getter, as you say. He gets on
everybody’s nerves, yes. But you wouldn’t
throw a man out of a job to-day! The
day before Christmas—”

  “I’d throw that pest out of a job on
his wedding day—if I had a chance!”

  “ No,” Reed said firmly. “ No, you
wouldn’t. Think it over. Spirit of the sea-

son, J. K.! ( Peace on earth, good will to-
ward men—’ ”

  “ ‘ Peace on earth ’! How are you going
to get peace even in this office while that
jackass bays the moon?”

  “ Jackasses don’t bay the moon—dogs
may,” Reed smiled.

  In spite of his temper, J. K. Blevitt’s lips
twitched. “ Well, anvhow, I’ll get rid of
that bird a long time before the sands of
the desert grow cold! You watch my
smoke—”

  “ Surely! But not to-day!”

  “ Well—all right,” Blevitt conceded
grudgingly. ,£ Have it your own way!”

  Reed rose, his business finished. At the
door he paused. “ I don’t know why I
should fight Daly’s battles,” he burst out.

“ Hanged if I do! He gets my goat, too,
you know!”

  Reed took the puzzle to his own desk- -
in his own office. He was still wondering
irritably why it was he always averted the
ax from the neck of Simms Daly when the
door burst open and Simms Daly presented
himself with a loud, cackling: “ Well, well,
well! Greetings, Rudolph!”

  Reed looked up, in his eyes the cold,
steady regard he sometimes used to squelch
objectionable pests. “ Yes, Daly?”

  Simms Daly was not feazed by Reed’s
death-ray eyes. The paralyzing chill of
their steady glance ricocheted harmlessly
from his thick complacence.

  Daly pulled up a chair uninvited and
Jaid a hand on Reed’s arm. Reed hastily
moved the arm, but Daly’s hand followed
it with a reassuring, friendly pat. Reed
set his teeth and endured. “ Well, Daly?”

  “ How’s my sales record?” Daly demand-
ed. “ Made a pretty fair little showing the
three months I’ve been with Blevitt, eh,
Rudolph?”

  “ Yes,” Reed said grudgingly, but always
fair. “Yes. Very tidy.”

  “You said it, Rudolph! Tidy’s the
word. Pretty darn tidy, if you ask me.
You know, Rudolph, I’ve done just about
fifty per cent better than any man with
Blevitt to-day. Now, haven’t I?”

  “ Your record speaks for itself, Daly.”

  “ It certainly does. You know, Rudolph,
it just occurred to me if I was to leave
232

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

Blevitt—if I was to quit—it would make
an awful hole in his business, now wouldn’t
it?”

  “ Oh, I don’t know.”

  “ Yes, you do know! Don’t hedge, Ru-
dolph!” In his exuberance Daly slapped
Rudolph Reed on the back.

  Reed moved his chair until the desk was
between them. He gritted his teeth and
tried to keep his eyes off a heavy paper
weight so enticingly near his hand.

  “If I was to quit it would take two
live, hustling go-getters to keep up the pace
I set all by myself!” Daly looked serious.
“ And yet, Blevitt only pays me the salary
of one salesman! I don’t know about that!
I think I’d better talk this over with
Blevitt.”

  “ Yes,” Reed said hastily, “ if that’s what
you’re thinking of, tell it to Mr. Blevitt.
He’s the man to see.” He added with sud-
den, genuine astonishment: “ How the devil
you manage to sell our goods—a man with
your manner—your perfectly hellish man-
ner—I don’t know! I don’t, indeed!”

  “ You have noticed it? You’ve noticed
the fault in my manner?” Daly’s ruddy
face grew serious, almost mournful. A sud-
den humility came over the man. Reed’s
words seemed to crumple him up.

  Daly burst out: “ It’s apparent, I know!
The fault is glaring! I try to kid myself
that it doesn’t show, but it does show. I
try to cover it up, but it won’t cover up,
not altogether. But I’m working on it,
Rudolph. Day and night I am striving to
correct it!”

  Simms Daly’s eyes glistened with a great
ambition.

  “I will correct it,” he vowed. “ I can!
I shan’t stop until I do! Rudolph, if it
takes my right leg I will overcome my lack
of confidence—my confounded timidity!”
“ Timidity!” Reed gasped. “ Did I un-
derstand you to say—”

  “ Now, Rudolph, I know you want to say
something nice, something to spare my feel-
ings, but don’t do it! Let’s face facts!
I’m a man and not afraid to face facts!
I am timid. I’m too sensitive! No mat-
ter, I will overcome it!”

  Simms Daly drew a deep breath and
looked highly resolved.

  Rudolph Reed was prey to a virulent
mixture of astonishment and indignation
that left him helpless to do or say anything
fitting to the revelation. He felt slightly
giddy. Again his eyes strayed to the heavy
paper weight and his fingers itched to hurl
it at Simms Daly. But what would be
the use! To do that would only spoil
a good bronze paper weight!

  Simms Daly sank his voice to a confiden-
tial pitch. He rose in order to clamp his
hand on his listener’s arm while he confided:

  “ Let me tell you something, old man.
Just between you and me. You think I’m
timid now. I wish you could have seen
me a year ago! In just one year, the
change that has come over me would aston-
ish you, if you only knew.

  “A year ago this very Christmas, Ru-
dolph, I picked up a magazine. I read
an advertisement. An advertisement that
began: ‘ You, too, have a Personality—De-
velop It!’

  “ It was an ad for a wonderful discovery,
the invention of the Interallied Psychologi-
cal Research Laboratories—a bunch of
world famous scientists. Teaches you how
to overcome your natural faults, how to
make an impression, how to convince others,
how to hold a company of brilliant men and
women by your conversation, how to enter-
tain, how to sell yourself! Get the idea?

  “ Every man has got it in him, the book
says so. And I have proved it. Look at
me!”

  Simms Daly drew himself up for inspec-
tion.

  “Look at me, Rudolph!”

  His voice rose to a dramatic climax.
“ And would you believe it, a year ago to-
day I was as hopeless and insignificant a
little runt as you are! Yes, sir, Rudolph,
nothing but a shy, insignificant, timid, un-
derdeveloped pinch of nothing. The living
image of what you are to-day!”

   Reed sat perfectly still, petrified, at this
revelation.

  The shock of it really had paralyzed him.

  A dozen retorts, a dozen methods of an-
nihilating Simms Daly rushed through his
mind, but his mind knew it was no use.
Nothing he could do, nothing he could say,
nothing in the world ever would get under
THE GOAT-GETTER.

233

that rhinoceros hide and puncture the fel-
low’s monumental self-satisfaction. Reed
felt like a man going under for the last time,
and not a straw in sight to buoy him up.

  “ Yes, sir,” Daly repeated happily,
“ that’s exactly the way I was. Listen, old
man, I’m going to lend you that book. It
will do you a lot of good!”

  He turned to the door. “Now I guess
I’d better have it out with Blevitt.”

  Something snapped in Reed’s mind and
brought events into sharper focus. “ Wait!”
he said. “ I’ve got to talk to Blevitt first.”
Sinking for the last time, Rudolph Reed had
finally perceived not a straw, but a whole
life raft. Christmas or no Christmas, this
marble-headed jackass was going to get
what had so long been coming to him!

VI.

  Reed paused before he opened the door
to the outer office and exchanged a last
word with J. K. Blevitt. Both men were
grinning wide, wicked grins.

  “ No slip-ups, now, J. K! No softening
or relenting!”

  J K. Blevitt grasped an imaginary ax
in both hands and flourished it around his
head. He ran his thumb across the imag-
inary cutting edge of the imaginary tool and
declared grimly: “ This ax has got an edge
like a razor! Bring on your victim!”
Reed paused uncertainly. “ It seems kind
of a shame after all, doing this on Christ-
mas.”

  “ You’re too timid, Rudolph! Daly was
right, you’re a little, timid runt.”

 “Damn him!” Reed groaned. “He
brought it on himself!” He opened the
door and called into the outer office: “ Oh,
Daly! Mr. Blevitt will talk to you now.”
Simms Daly came in humming in his
resonant barytone. He sat himself in the
chair J. K. Blevitt offered him with a flash-
ing smile for his audience.

  Reed had a mental picture of a man sit-
ting down in the electric chair. But with a
difference. In the electric chair a man
knows what is going to happen to him!

  “ You wanted to talk to me?” J. K.
Blevitt grunted.

“ Yes, Blevitt, I did.” The victim

reached his offensive paw toward J. K.
Blevitt and succeeded in getting in a friend-
ly pat on Blevitt’s arm before Blevitt got
out of range.

  “ I hope you’ll take what I am going to
say in the spirit it is meant. I know you
will,” Daly said. “ I’m sure you’re eager
to do the right and square thing, Blevitt.
You’re a good old scout.”

  “ Thanks!” J. K. Blevitt choked.

  “ And in a way, Blevitt, I’m sorry to
bring up this matter at Christmas time.
After your open-handed liberality to all of
us, I—it doesn’t seem grateful. But a man’s
got to think of himself first, hasn’t he?”

  “ Yes,” said J. K. Blevitt. He smiled
craftily. “ That’s all right, my boy, speak
whatever is preying on your mind.”

  “ I will. Yes, indeed! We’re all friends
here, I hope! We understand each other!
Well, as I was telling Rudolph, I’ve sold
more goods for you than any two men. I’ve
built up your business, haven’t I?”

  Blevitt said gravely: “ Undoubtedly the
present state of excellent prosperity in the
J. K. Blevitt company is largely due to you,
Daly.”

  “ Yeah, and I’m a crackerjack, go-get-
ting salesman, just like I told you when I
came here.”

  “ No use denying it, Daly!”

  “ I’m probably worth, right now, more
than any two men working for you, eh,
Blevitt?”

  “ Indubitably.”

  “ Eh?”

  “Yes. Yes, you are, my boy. Why
deny it?”

  “ But I only get the pay of one salesman,
don’t I?”

  J. K. Blevitt nodded sympathetically.

  “ When I’m worth twice as much?”

  J. K. Blevitt performed a secret little
pantomime of a man testing the razor keen-
ness of an ax preparatory to sinking said
imaginary ax into the thick skull of Simms
Daly, this for the benefit of Rudolph Reed,
who acknowledged the comedy by the
slightest flicker of an eyelash. Aloud Ble-
vitt agreed: “ You state the case preciselv,
Daly.”

  “ Then,” said Daly, “ we come to the
point!”
234

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  “ Yes, Daly, we come to the point! ” For
the benefit of his friend and partner, J. K.
Blevitt gave his imaginary ax a preliminary,
imaginary flourish. He interrupted Simms
Daly, who was about to go on. “ WTe come
to the point! Admirably put. And the
point is, I see that you have discovered what
I knew for a long time, Daly. You’ve
found out you are worth far more money
than the J. K. Blevitt company pays for
your services.”

  The goat-getter nodded brightly.

  “ And, as I understand it, Daly, you are
here now to inquire just what I am going
to do about remedying this condition. In
other words, you think you are entitled to a
very substantial increase in pay?”

  “ Yes, Blevitt, but—”

  Blevitt did not heed the interruption.
“ And you are just about to inquire what
I am going to do about it? Now wait,
Daly—” Blevitt held up his hand to pre-
vent interruption. His suavity had been
getting more sugared with every word. J.
K. Blevitt was coming to his point, and
his point was meant to be a crusher—noth-
ing short of one neat, devastating chop of
his imaginary ax that would drop the offi-
cially figurative head of Simms Daly into
the basket, leaving on the face a look of
deeply pained bewilderment “ Now, Daly,
I am going to tell you exactly what I am
going to do about this request of yours for
bigger salary, and—”

  “ Hold on! Hold on, Blevitt! No, you
got me wrong, old man.”

  “ Ah, no, Daly, I’m sure I haven’t got
you wrong.”

THE

  “ But you have, Blevitt. I’m not asking
you to raise my pay.”

  “ You are not what?” Blevitt roared.
Rudolph Reed’s lower jaw obscured his
necktie, so far open was his mouth.

  “ No!” Daly cried. “ Of course not! I
wouldn’t ask you to raise me, Blevitt!
Why, I know as well as you do, old man,
that the J. K. Blevitt Company can’t af-
ford to pay me what I’m worth. I know
that! That’s why I just dropped in here
to tell you I am quitting the first of the
year.”

  “ You are—quitting?” Blevitt murmured
feebly. “ Pardon me, Daly, I’m getting a
little deaf. Did you say—”

  “Blevitt, I’m sorry. I’m really sorry!”
Simms Daly cried contritely. “ But can’t
you see, I owe it to myself? I’ve got to get
all that I’m worth, everybody agrees on
that, so I just got a half dozen fellows
with capital to back me, and I am starting a
box business of my own, beginning on Jan-
uary i. That’s what I wanted to tell you.”
Simms Daly rose, leaned across the desk
and seized the limp hand of J. K. Blevitt,
pumping it heartily He then snatched the
limper hand of Rudolph Reed and pumped
that. And as a final assurance that all was
sweetness and light between them, he
clapped J. K. Blevitt heartily on the shoul-
der and cried: “ No hard feelings, eh? No?
That’s fine! Merry Christmas, Blevitt!”
Simms Daly vented his empty, jackass
laugh and strode out of J. K. Blevitt’s of-
fice, humming in his resonant barytone, on
good terms with all the world, and best of
all, on good terms with himself.

END

    u	u u
    THE CUP OF LIFE

1 LIFTED up my Cup of Life,	I lifted up my Cup of Life,

*	And begged of Wealth to fill it:	And begged of Fame to fill it:

He smiled, and said: “ Oh, foolish hope;	He scornful smiled, and said: “ Vain child,
I never will fulfill it!” I do not choose to will it!”

                           I lifted up my Cup of Life,

                            And begged of Love to fill it:

                           And now it brims so overfull,

                      I cannot help but spill it.	Emma A. Lente.
By FRANK CONDON and CHARLTON L. EDHOLM

CHAPTER XVIII.

margot’s farewell.

EFORE they reached the hotel George
directed the driver to stop.

  “ We!’d better say good-by right
here.” He extended his hand to Harbison
and his wife. Last of all he held the cool
hand of Margot in both of his and then with
a sudden impulse raised it to his lips.

  “ It would be taking a chance to have
any one at the hotel see me,” he continued.
“ You’ll probably find no one around. Even
the night clerk is apt to be asleep at this
hour. Just the same, if any of Valdez’s
detectives happened to be around and saw
us together they might follow you to the
boat and make trouble.”

  “ I guess you’re right,” replied Jim Har-
bison. “ But I’ll see that Margot gets safe-
ly aboard. I’ve got a pocketful of Amer-
ican greenbacks and I notice that these

coffee-colored South American cops are just
as partial to them as the kind we have in
New York.”

  “ I can trust Margot to you?”

  “ Your wife is safe in my hands, George.
Why, if I’d lose her, I’d miss the brightest
star that ever came out of South America.
And big profits for me! When you hear
the whistle toot, you’ll know that your wife
is on her way to Broadway and glory.”
George was half out of the car when
Margot impulsively threw her arms about
his neck and once more he felt her warm
lips, but they were on his cheek, and he
realized that it was an act of gratitude,
not of passion. “ Good-by,” he said hoarse-
ly. “Good-by, and good luck!”

  George and Tina left the car just a few
blocks from their own apartment and
slipped through the deserted streets where
even the earliest risers had not begun to
show themselves.

This story began in the Argosy-Allstory Weekly for October 18.

235
236

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  In the sitting room which they shared be-
tween them, George sank down in a chair
and let his head fall on his arms that rested
upon the table before him.

  He was tired clear through, disappointed
and humiliated. Margot’s unemotional
good-by kiss had told him more decisively
than words that he was not her husband,
not her lover, but only her good friend.
That was something! But not enough from
a wife!

  Tina stood behind his chair and let her
fingers run through his dark hair, wishing
that she might dare to stoop and kiss th'e
locks that curled so slightly under her
touch.

  “Poor boy!” she murmured in a voice
that was as tender as a mother's. “ You
are so tired and so unhappy! I would do
anything in the world to comfort you!”
George had no words to answer her. He
felt too sick and sore.

  Tina’s eyes brimmed with tears as she
felt or imagined she felt him shrink from
her touch.

  “ Don’t worry, George. Things will come
out all right. Margot will make a hit in
New York and after a while she’ll miss you
and will coax for you to come to her.”
George did not reply. He did not raise
his head. Only his deep and labored
breathing showed that he was suffering and
could not be comforted.

  “Things worked out fine!” continued
Tina as if she were talking to a child.
“ Don’t you see, the girl is safe now?
Away from Valdez and out of reach of that
beast who calls himself her guardian!”

  “ But she’s gone!—She said good-by
without any more feeling than if I had
been old Gian’ Bori or the pianist at the
cafe. I’m nothing to her!”

  “ Don’t say that! Of course, you’re
something to her! Why, she owes every-
thing to you! When she comes to her
senses she’ll realize it!”

  Silence.

  Then Tina continued soothingly:

  “ You know, dear, some girls are like
that. They can’t show what they feel—
why away down in her heart a girl may
be just crazy with love and yet—and yet
you may think by the way she acts that

she’s cold and reserved—like Margot—or
she may laugh and cut up like a wild crea-
ture—when her heart’s just breaking. You
never can tell about girls! They’re like
that!”

  Her hand which stroked his hair trem-
bled a little as she smoothed his dark curls,
but George shook it off as he rose im-
petuously.

  “ Oh, it’s hell, Tina! It’s hell to care
for anyone like that!”

  “ I know it is, boy! It’s—it’s some-
thing fierce-—but listen! You’re all tired
and excited. Can’t you settle down now
and get a little sleep?”

  “ No, I can’t sleep! My room seems
like a jail. No, that isn’t it. I’ve got her
pictures all over the place and I can’t bear
to look at them. I don’t know what I
want to do. I’d like to get drunk!”

  Tina threw open the door of her own
room. “ Come in here,” she said. “ It’s
cool here and—and there are no pictures!”
George glanced in at the room that
looked so virginal in the cool light of the
early morning, the little white bed, the
floor bare except for a couple of small rugs,
the gray walls.

  Over the head of the bed, facing the door,
wTas a small blue and white image of the
Virgin, above a tiny font of holy water.

  But Tina had not told the truth when
she said there were no pictures in her room.
On the little table beside a book or two,
and a vase of flowers was a framed photo-
graph of George. With a quick gesture
she laid it flat and placed a book upon it.

  “ Come in, George,” she said. “ —Do
you know, in all the time we’ve lived here
you’ve never been inside my room?”

  Too worn out to protest, George stag-
gered in, gazing about the immaculate
chamber with bloodshot eyes, and threw
himself heavily on the bed.

  In a few moments he was asleep.

  Tina listened to his deep breathing for
a little while, then assured that he had sunk
into the stupor of exhaustion, she silently
and swiftly slipped out of her tattered
dress, the black and scarlet costume that
had been ripped and clawed by brambles
on the mountain trail, and tossed it into a
drawer.
THE DANCING DOLL.

287

  She kicked off her slippers and stepped
into dainty mules of blue and white, then
filling the basin with cold water she washed
her face and neck and arms, glad of the
refreshing chill.

  Finally she slipped into a negligee of blue
and white and seating herself before her
dressing table, shook out her hair and be-
gan to brush the cloudy black masses.

  But as she looked in the mirror she was
not studying her own features, fine and
spirited as those of a gypsy princess. She
was looking at the reflection of George,
who was stretched on her bed, his brows
no longer knitted and his mouth no longer
drawn in suffering, but relaxed in the bless-
ing of sleep.

  As she looked at him the girl was think-
ing of that other girl who had won this
man so easily and as easily tossed him aside.

  “I wonder!’7 mused Tina. “I wonder
what I would have done? Suppose it was
my act that had knocked over that theater
manager! Suppose Mr. Harbison had said
to me ‘ You’re positively the world’s best
demon-dancer. You come to New York
with me and I’ll give you a thousand a
week! And what’s more I’ll have your
name in the biggest lights on Broadway!
The whole town will be talking of Christina
Bianca!’ Suppose he’d said all that to me,
instead of to her—”

  Tina mused on the vision of glory for a
moment while the brush caressed her black
hair, then she said aloud: “ ‘ You go plumb
to the devil, Mr. Harbison!’ That’s what
I’d tell him!”

  With difficulty the girl restrained her im-
pulse to stroke the head that was dreaming
on her pillow, but as she stared at it with
her big black eyes full of tenderness, there
was a sound at the street door.

  Who could be trying to enter at that time
of night?

CHAPTER XIX.
tina’s wiles.

AS the girl strained her ears, listening to
the ominous sounds without, she heard
the low mutter of peremptory com-
mands; then there were footsteps of men
coming up stairs.

  She hurried to the window. Two figures
were standing by the opposite wall, look-
ing toward her apartment.

  Tina’s eyes grew wide with apprehension
and she ran into the sitting room—to listen
at the hall door.

  There were men—how many she did not
know—moving about outside. She thought
she could distinguish the clank of metal.
There was a click as if a revolver was being
cocked.

  Swift as a darting swallow the girl
snatched up George’s cap and threw it back!
of a mirror.

  She fled into her room and shook George
by the shoulders.

  “ Quiet!” she whispered. “ Not a word!
There are men outside! Valdez’s men! ”

  George was awake instantly, his jaw set,
his hand instinctively reaching for his gun,
eager to jump in and fight. But the girl
cautioned him with finger on her lips.

  “ Not yet You’ve done enough fight-
ing!”

  Suddenly there was a sharp rap on the
outer door; then a succession of knocks as
if somebody were tapping the panel with
a revolver butt.

  “ Who’s there?” cried Tina, and she left
George for a moment to throw back the
covers of her bed.

  “ Who’s there?” And as she called in
tones of surprise she was backing George
against the wall beside her bedroom door.

  “ Stay there! Don’t make a sound! ” she
whispered and, as the knocking was repeat-
ed louder than ever, she ran to the hall door
and opened it a crack.

  Instantly it was forced open and three
men had crowded into the room while a
couple more could be seen in the corridor.

  One was in uniform, a young, smartly-
dressed police lieutenant, with a military
mustache, black against his clear olive skin.
He carried himself with the swaggering air
of an army officer.

  The others were in plain clothes, detec-
tives of a nondescript appearance that
would never have been picked out among
the half caste population of Rio.

  “ What do you w7ant?” asked Tina back-
ing away from them.

  The officer twisted his mustache and
gazed at her with insolent admiration.
238

ARGOSYrALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  “ We want that assassin! We want
George Marchand! Which is his room?”

  “ That is his room.” And as she pointed
the two detectives sprang at the door,
wrenched it open and rushed in.

  “ He’s not there! George has not been
home to-night!” cried Tina.

  The detectives could be heard overhaul-
ing the room as if they expected to find
the man hiding under the bed or behind
the chairs.

  They were cursing furiously. Perhaps to
prove to themselves that they had no fear
of “ that vile assassin.”

  Lieutenant Rico stared suspiciously
around the sitting room; then eyed Tina
doubtfully.

  But the girl clung to his arm in what
seemed an impulse of panic. “ Oh, don’t
let them hurt me,” she cried. “You’re a
gentleman. Save me from those ruffians!”
“ I won’t let them hurt you,” replied the
officer with a chivalrous air. “It is only
George that we want.”

  “ Oh, I tell you he’s not here! He’s not
been here all night. There was a row at
the cafe and he must have been afraid to
come home.”

  The detectives came out of George’s
room. “ The brigand is not there,” they
said.

  The officer glanced at the revolvers in
their hands and smiled sardonically.

  “ Lucky for him! I see you were talcing
no chances!”

  “ Would you shoot him down without a
chance to surrender?”

  Tina stood before the officer with clasped
hands and terror in her face.

  The lieutenant threw out his chest a
little as he replied:

  “Not I. It would take more than a
bandit like that to terrify me. These fel-
lows would shoot him on sight, but I—I
would just look him in the eye and subdue
him. Even if I did not have a weapon I
would subdue him.”

  “ How brave you are!” exclaimed Tina.
“ A brave man is always cool in the face
of danger.”

  The girl was so evidently impressed by
his heroism that the lieutenant could not
help feeling kindly toward her.

  How these timid little creatures adored
strong, determined men!

  There was a pause. A moment of em-
barrassment as the officer searched those
frightened black eyes that drooped before
his frank appreciation.

  “ Must you be going now?” asked Tina
shyly, breaking the silence.

  The officer came to himself.

  “As a matter of form you must permit
us to search your room. He bowed with
exaggerated gallantry. “ A mere matter of
form, I assure you!”

  Tina’s long eyelashes fluttered down on
her cheeks to meet the mounting color as
she spoke in frightened accents. “ Must,
you? Must you go into my room? My
bedroom?”

  “ I have orders to search the house,” re-
plied Lieutenant Rico. “ But don’t be
frightened. I won’t let my men in. I won’t
distress you!”

  “You’re kind! You’re a gallant gentle-
man!” breathed Tina and she slipped back
into her room, swinging the door against
the wall where George was concealed, re-
volver in hand.

  Holding the knob she said: “ See for
yourself. There is no one here!”

  The officer stood in the doorway and
swept the cloister-like bedchamber with
a glance. His eyes rested upon the nar-
row white bed with the cover thrown back.
He saw the image of the Virgin above it
and hastily crossed himself.

  Never in his career had the officer been
nearer death than at that moment, for
George’s finger was on the trigger; in his
eyes shone the fire of a man who was des-
perate with exhaustion and the strain of
pursuit. If the lieutenant had looked be-
hind that door it would have been the last
act of his life.

  Instead of that, Lieutenant Rico’s eyes
met those of Tina and he unconsciously
gave his mustache a little twist.

  “ You’ll pardon the intrusion, my dear
young lady. Mere matter of form!” he
murmured. “Naturally he would not be
here, but—orders, you know.”

  And as he backed out of her bedroom the
officer added: “ I shall call at the cafe We
shall become better acquainted, yes?”
THE DANCING DOLL.

239

  Tina’s only answer was a smile, but it
ravished that susceptible heart.

  A moment later the footsteps of the in-
truders clattered down stairs and out into
tiiu street.

CHAPTER XX.

VALDEZ ACTS.

WHAT would Pedro Valdez do about
it? That was the question on the
tongue of all Rio.

  The politician had insulted a married
woman, and the husband had knocked him
down. It was a public beating—not a thing
to be hushed up.

  For the next few days the town was talk-
ing of nothing else and the newspapers kept
the gossip going. The latest issues were
in demand in every club and public bar in
Rio.

  The coffee drinkers on the Avenida drew
their heads together over the tables as they
read the headings.

  Young bloods declared that George was
right—that they, too, would have knocked
down the big boss in such a case.

  But the older men declared that Valdez
was taking too much time. When they
were young—and they twisted their white
mustaches defiantly—such an attack on a
leading politician would be instantly wiped
out in blood. In those days an affair of
honor was not allowed to grow cold—a
blow, a challenge and at dawn the next
morning—crack-crack! The pistols spoke
the short deadly words of the code. An
insult like that demanded nothing less than
blood!

  George, going about his affairs at the
Cafe La Scala, no longer feared arrest.
Brooding savagely over the loss of Margot,
he was longing for a fight.

  The one thing he dreaded was that he
would be shot at or knifed in the back by
some paid thug. He got into the habit of
scrutinizing carefully all the strangers in
the cafe. He had a terrible shock one night
when he thought he recognized an old ac-
quaintance from Bleecker Street, not one of
the gang but a fellow who sometimes drove
a car for them—but when he turned for

a second look at the man he had disap-
peared.

  “ I guess I just dreamed it,” thought
George. “ What would Tony be doing in
Rio?”

  In those days George was the center of
attention. The man who had defied the
big boss. But he was no longer “ the brig-
and, the vile assassin.”

  To Valdez’s opponents he was a hero. To
others he was the doomed man awaiting
execution at the point of the Brazilian’s
sword or the muzzle of his duelling pistol.

  For Pedro had a reputation for gallantry,
a fighting Don Juan!

  Meanwhile Valdez sulked in his villa.
Though he spread threats of terrible venge-
ance abroad through the active tongues of
his hangers-on, he did not take immediate
action.

  Perhaps he hoped that George would be
frightened at the rumors of slaughter and
sneak out of town. Perhaps he wished to
conquer by scaring his enemy to death.

  But his parasites returned to tell him that
George only smiled at the tales of Valdez’s
skill with the sword and did not seem
greatly worried when he heard that his
enemy could shoot out a candle at forty
paces.

  Lieutenant Rico, whose order to arrest
George had been revoked, spent much of
his time hanging over Tina’s desk. He de-
clared that George was a terrible fighter
with sword, knife and pistol, and had slain
many men in duels in the streets of New
York—to say nothing of the wild Indians
who lurked about that city. He said this
so often that he finally believed it and be-
gan to admire the man he had tried to
arrest.

  All this gave Valdez something to think
about. He instructed his confidential
agents to look up George’s record in the
United States—question every man in Rio
who had ever been in New York.

  He even thought of bribing George se-
cretly to leave the country. It would be
worth money to save his face that way. But
somehow nothing came of this.

  Reluctantly he prepared to fight.

  It was Guy Dalby who finally goaded
him to action. The song-and-dance man
240

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

had made such a nuisance of himself
ever since the word of Margot’s marriage
had been spread that Valdez was tempted
to throw him out bodily.

  Guy loudly blamed Valdez for the girl’s
escape and when he ferreted out the truth
that she had gone to New York under con-
tract to dance on Broadway, he acted as
if the Brazilian had been party to a fraud
on her guardian.

  “ I know what’s the matter! You’re
afraid! Otherwise you’d take it out of that
low fellow, somehow You’d have him in
jail. Sell out his cafe! Make him pay dam-
ages!”

  “ You must be crazy!” retorted the en-
raged Valdez. “ How can I sell his cafe?
Gian’ Bori is part owner. And he has
friends in Rio.”

  “ Well then, why don’t you fight him?
I say, are you really afraid of that beggar?
Because if you are, I’ll fight him myself.”
Such taunts were not to be borne! They
might cost him his leadership in Rio. Val-
dez flushed under his dark skin; his heavy
lidded eyes flamed with resentment and
he clenched his fists as he threw curses
at Guy Dalby in English and Portuguese.

  “ I’ll fight the scoundrel,” he growled.
That same night two young men of the
lounge-lizard type entered the Cafe La
Scala and drew George into a quiet comer.
They had the honor, they explained
haughtily, of bearing a challenge from
Senor Pedro Valdez.

  There was only one alternative: if George
would make a public apology, his insult
might be overlooked. Otherwise, they de-
sired to know the name of his seconds.

  “ You expect me to apologize?” cried
George. “ Ask pardon of that kidnaper—
that thug?”

  “ Yes. An apology—here in the cafe
before his friends—will avert bloodshed.
Pedro Valdez is dangerous. I advise you to
accept his generous offer.”

  “ Valdez can go to hell with his gener-
osity. He wants to see blood, does he?
Fine! He’ll see gallons of it! His own!”
One of the young sports bowed and pre-
sented his card. George read the name,
“ Carlos Pulcherio,” and the address at the
Jockey Club.

  “I’ll send my seconds to you in an
hour,” George said. “To-morrow morn-
ing I’ll have the pleasure of letting day-
light through your fat friend. Tell him to

make his will.”

  The elegantly clad youths bowed with
elaborate politeness and left the cafe as if
they were afraid of touching something un-
clean.

  Once outside they breathed more freely.
“ What a savage!” exclaimed Carlos Pul-
cherio. “ These Americans of the north!
Uncivilized! ”

  His companion assented. “ Drinkers of
blood! They are indeed savages.” v
But an hour later they were discussing
the arrangements for the duel with one of
their own countrymen. George had been
able to find only one acquaintance who un-
derstood such matters, and that was Lieu-
tenant Rico, the admirer of Tina.

  That gentleman, when asked for advice,
was delighted to be of service to Tina’s
supposed brother.

  “ Allow me to act as your second,” he
cried. “ Forget that I took orders from
Valdez to arrest you. In an affair of
honor such things are overlooked. Valdez
is not a personal friend of mine. No, he
would not hold a grudge against me for
this. It is quite impersonal.” And he
added, with a smile: “ If you kill Valdez,
I need not fear him; if he kills you, he will
be pleased. Either way, I have the pleasure
of serving you without danger to myself.”
But Tina, when she heard of what was
planned, did not show such confidence.
“ Don’t trust that man too far,” she warned
that night in their sitting room. “ Make
sure that your gun is properly loaded; don’t
let them slip blanks into your gat, or do
you dirt some other way.”

  “ Why? Do you think your friend Lieu-
tenant Rico would double-cross me?”

  “ No—not that. He’s straight—but he’s
not very bright.”

  She pondered for a moment, then added:
“ But maybe he won’t be so dumb when
he’s dealing with men. Just the same, you
watch out.”

  “ I’ll take care they don’t put one over
on me. And one more thing.”

  “ Yes, George?”

                          5	A
THE DANCING DOLL.

241

  “ If I’m not so lucky—if I don’t come
back—I want you to have all I’ve got.
Margot is taken care of by her contract.
I wrote her a letter and left it with Gian’
Bori to mail to-morrow. She’ll under-
stand.”

  “ You want me to have your property?
In case—”

  “ Sure—you’re my pal. I wrote it down
on a paper and had old Bori witness it.”
But Tina suddenly began to cry. Her
body shook with sobs.

  “Oh, George! It gives me the willies to
hear you’ve made your will. Why did you
do it? Why? I don’t want your damned old
money!”

CHAPTER XXI.

TWO SHOTS.

GEORGE patted the shoulder of the
weeping girl. Her tears flowed for a
while, then suddenly Tina threw back
her head and brushed her hands across her
eyes.

  “ Forget it, kid,” she said. “ That will,
I mean.”

  » Why?”

  “ Because there’s only one thing to think
of. Plug him!”

  The girl fumbled at a thin silken cord
about her slender neck and drew a small
object from the warmth of her breast.

  “Here! WTear this!” she exclaimed.
“ This was blessed by a priest. Not by one
of these padres, but by a real priest at
home—Father Luisi.”

  George received the amulet gravely. As
she hung it about his neck, her hand
touched his throat and the contact tingled.
She was vibrant with pent-up emotion.

  “ Good night, Tina. I’ve got to sleep for
a while—steady my nerves.”

  “ Good night, boy—good night!”

  She was at the door of her room when
suddenly she turned and ran back.

  “ Kiss me good night, George.” Her
arms were about his neck. “ No—don’t
look so serious! Smile! I’m not kissing you
good-by. I’m kissing you for luck.”

  And Tina was smiling as their lips met
for the first time.

   6 A

  But once behind her own door the smile
had vanished. She was on her knees, turn-
ing a blanched, drawn face imploringly to
the little image of the Virgin.

  “Protect him!” she whispered in ago-
nized prayer. “ Don’t let him get bumped
off! Madre di Dio, keep an eye on George
and don’t let that dirty bum croak him!”
She stayed on her knees through the night
until the gray that heralds the dawn stole
through the shutters.

  Before daybreak Tina slipped into
George’s room on tiptoe. He was fast
asleep and his face was as placid as if no
worry about the outcome of the duel had
ever troubled his dreams.

  Tina glanced about the room as she
touched him on the shoulder. The walls
were bare. The photographs of Margot
had all been taken down and put out of
sight. Tina wondered why. Was it because
he found it too painful to look at them, or:
—she scarcely dared to hope—was he be-
ginning to care less for that beautiful
blonde with a heart as cool as the northland
of her birth?

  George awoke at her touch, and while
Tina made coffee in the sitting room she
could hear him splashing away in cold
water she had drawn for him, and
presently he came out smiling and whis-.
tling, his hair all rumpled from the bath.

  The coffee was ready, but George did not
sit down to drink it. Instead he walked up
and down the room sipping the hot brew
with boyish impatience.

  “ One would think you were going to a
picnic,” said Tina with a forced smile.

  “ It’s a picnic for me, but not for Val-
dez. I’ll be back again in a couple of hours,
and then our troubles will be over.”

  She looked at him with wide, questioning
eyes.

  “ Tell me one thing—are you going to
shoot to kill?” asked Tina breathlessly.

  “ No. I’ve got it all figured out. That
might mean more trouble. I’ll put a bullet
through his arm and let it go at that.”

  There was the sound of a motor in the
street.

  “ Here’s Rico now with the car,”
said George. “ Good-by, kid—I’ll see you
later.”
242

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  “ Good luck, boy! Plug him for me! ”

  He was gone.

  Tina stood at the window looking
through the Venetian blinds, and saw the
boy she had prayed for leap into the car
between Lieutenant Rico and another of-
ficer. His manner was as jaunty and gay
as if they were going off for a fishing trip.
He glanced up, waved carelessly to the
girlish figure in the window, then turned to
talk to his two companions.

  Tina strained her eyes to follow it as
the motor slipped away in the gray light;
then she dragged her feet wearily to her
bedroom as if she were being led to exe-
cution.

  Once more she fell on her knees before
the Virgin and prayed silently.

  The meeting place was a clearing on the
hilltop not far from Valdez’s country house,
the villa where the party had been given.
Although George and his friends had much
farther to go, they were first on the ground.
When Valdez did arrive with his seconds
and a gray bearded surgeon carrying a case
of instruments, he looked surly and heavy,
as if he had quieted his nerves with alcohol
or some drug.

  The politician was very imposing in frock
coat and silk hat, and the young men who
seconded him were fastidiously dressed.

  While the seconds were measuring off the
ground the politician carefully laid aside
his coat and vest, folded them, and placed
his high hat on the pile of garments. Then
he stood with his arms crossed like the hero
of a melodrama scowling at George.

  After a few moments’ consultation, Rico
returned to George and said in an under-
tone:

  “ I’ve been told that you have one more
chance to apologize. Even now if you wish
to ask pardon before these gentlemen,
Senor Valdez will let the matter drop.”

  “ We’re wasting time,” said George.
“ When does the shooting begin?”

  The pistols were not the sort of arms
George was accustomed to, but heavy duel-
ing weapons, firing only one shot. They
were loaded with great formality by the
seconds, and the choice was determined by
lot.

  As he took his position in the field cov-
ered by dewy grass, George could feel the
cool morning breeze from the sea blow
through his light shirt and caress his body.
From where he stood there was a long,
sweeping vista over the sleeping city; the
broad harbor and the glory of the sea at
dawn. A full throated chorus of birds was
jubilantly greeting the new day from the
tree tops. Their joyous music seemed to
echo back from the sky, tinted like a pearl
and rosy in the east.

  How beautiful the world was! Every
sunrise was a fresh miracle!

  And, waiting for the second’s command
to fire, George felt a little swift pang, a
feeling something like terror at the thought
that when the sun did rise he might not be
alive to see it.

  His jauntiness had not been just a pose.
Until that moment it had actually not oc-
curred to him that a bullet from Valdez
might strike him dead.

  From life to death in a single second!
George saw it in his mind’s eye as a bird
in careless flight through the air. Sudden-
ly there is a report, a scattering of feathers,
and the creature that was so full of life and
joy and energy drops, a limp, bedraggled
thing—dead!

  In the instant that George realized that
he was facing death, things seemed sud-
denly to take new values. Life itself, the
mere fact of existence, seemed tremendous-
ly precious just then.

  Before that he had simply taken it for
granted, just as he had taken for granted
the best things of life, his youth, his
strength, his friends, the devotion of the
best little friend of all—Tina!

  Tina! What a plucky little kid she was,
and what a friend! Time and again she
had stood by him and pulled him out of
one scrape after another. Why, even this
very morning she had drawn his bath and
made his coffee and sent him on his way
with crisp words of courage.

  She had smiled, but all of a sudden he
realized that she must have been holding
back her tears. She had given him her
amulet. And at this moment, no doubt, she
was praying for his safety.

  She loved him!
THE DANCING DOLL.

243

  The thought struck him like a blow,
lina loved him! And he was facing death,
within a second, with his mind dwelling
on that black eyed, gypsylike little pal, in-
stead of Margot.

  It was of Tina that he thought when
he was about to die! It must be Tina that
he loved! And he could never tell her!
He was certain now that in Valdez’s gun
there was a bullet with his name written
on it.

  But that certainty that came with light-
ning speed did not disturb his aim. At
the word he raised his weapon and fired
swiftly.

  The two shots rang out as one.

  Valdez, with a scream of rage, staggered
back, clutching his left arm. The gush of
blood had dyed his shirt sleeve a bright
red.

  But George had fallen forward and lay
still with a bullet through his chest.

  At the same moment, with her face
turned up to the Virgin, Tina was crying
piteously: “ Oh, don’t let him die! Oh,
don’t let him die!”

CHAPTER XXII.

FOR A PURPOSE!

IT was just an hour after George had
waved a jaunty good-by to Tina. His
seconds were on their way back to the
city with the stern, pale faces of men who
had just looked at death. Lieutenant Rico
wondered how he could break the news to
George’s sister.

  The more he thought about it, the more
he felt that it was impossible. It would be
like striking that lovely girl a blow in the
face.

  How could he stand before her and tell
her that he had seen her brother shot
down! That the doctor had shaken his
head after just one glance! That George
was dead!

  Impossible! He could not say such things
to the girl he had gavly flirted with night
after night at the cafe. Lieutenant Rico
had courage of a sort, but not that sort.
He ordered the car driven to the Cafe La
Scala, and although the place was not open

at that hour in the morning he battered
on the door until Pierre Vigney, the old
pianist, appeared with rumpled hair and
thrust an angry face through the crack of
the door.

  “ Where is Gian’ Bori?” asked Lieuten-
ant Rico. “ I must speak to him at
once.”

  “ He’s at home in bed where he be-
longs,” growled the musician. “ What do
you want to see him about at this time of
the day?”

  “ It’s about his partner.”

  “ George? Has anything happened to
George?”

  “ Dead! Shot through the chest!”
Pierre Vigney grasped the doorjamb to
steady himself against the shock.
“Impossible! George dead!”

  “ Shot in a duel by Valdez.”

  “ Ah, that duel! So it has come off, and
our poor boy is murdered!”

  “ Why do you say murdered? Valdez
was in danger, too. In fact, he was shot
through the arm. It was a fair fight—
George was not murdered! He was slain
on the field of honor. Everything was per-
fectly correct,” interrupted Captain Reyes,
the other second, with a lofty air.

  “ Oh, yes, everything was quite accord-
ing to the rules,” Lieutenant Rico assured
the old man. He seemed to feel that no one
could have any complaints to make after
that statement. “ I give you my word,
everything was perfectly correct.”

  “ Correct! Bah! A-ah, you assassins!
You are all assassins down here in this bar-
barous country. What will Gian’ Bori
say?” The old musician’s voice trembled.
“ Bori thought of him as a son—almost.
And his wife? That adorable girl, like a
little fairy, who is waiting for him in
America! And his poor sister, what will
she say?”

  “ It is about his sister that I want to
talk to you.” Lieutenant Rico’s dark eyes
were troubled. “ Some one else must break
the news to her. I cannot face her.”

  “ I can well believe that!” exclaimed the
old man fiercely. “ Any one w7ho had a
hand in that crime would not care to face
her.”

  “ Why do you call it a crime, old man?”
244

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

demanded Captain Reyes. “ I tell you it
was an affair of honor!”

  “ Ha, ha! ” laughed Pierre Vigney bitter-
ly. “ If there was any honor in the affair
Pedro Valdez would not be involved in it.
I saw how it all began; I saw how Valdez
insulted our lovely Margot. When George
knocked him down he should have killed
him outright—that would have been just!”

  Pierre Vigney nodded his gray head
mournfully like a philosopher who has seen
a lifetime of suffering, then added: “ Such
is life! The wicked man, the aggressor, tri-
umphs! The just man is slain! Life is like
that.”

  The seconds turned to go. “ We’ve done
our duty,” said Lieutenant Rico. “ It was
very painful. Will you tell his sister that?
Tell her she has our sympathy—from the
heart.”

  And he placed his hand on his chest with
a theatrical gesture.

  Pierre Vigney set out on his errand. It
was the most painful journey in his long
and unhappy life, the few short blocks that
he had to walk before reaching Tina’s
apartment. His feet seemed to cling to the
sidewalk as if they were held down by
chains.

  Laboriously he climbed the stairs to her
room and tapped feebly on the door. Tina
opened it, pale and haggard, and at the
sight of the wretched face and bowed
shoulders of her friend she knew all that he
had to say.

 “ You’ve come about George?” she
whispered through dry lips from which all
the blood had fled.

  The old man nodded mournfully, and
the tears rolled down his withered cheeks.

  Tina clutched her breast with both
hands.

  “ Is he badly hurt?” she stammered.

  “ Killed!”

  With a despairing moan the girl dropped
as if a bullet had struck her. The old man
was forced to lift her and stagger painfully
under the inert body.

  When he laid her on the bed, Pierre
Vigney was horrified. Her face was so
ghastly, her breathing so spasmodic! It
appeared that she was dying before his
eyes.

  Frantically he hunted for brandy to force
down her throat, for cold water to badie
her forehead, and finally he ran out to find
a doctor.

  When, after a long search, he did suc-
ceed in bringing a physician to the apart-
ment, it looked as if help had come too
late. The girl lay there like a corpse.

  The doctor worked over her with
restoratives, but his efforts only caused her
to open her eyes feebly like a dying
woman.

  They sent for Gian’ Bori and his wife,
who declared that she would sit at the girl’s
bedside until she was cured. But even her
care was not enough. It was necessary to
find a trained nurse as well, and for days
and weeks the girl’s life hung in the bal-
ance.

  “ It is nothing unusual,” declared the
physician, “ for a girl with a high strung,
nervous temperament to be prostrated by
such a shock as the news of her brother’s
death.”

  While Tina’s life hung in the balance
Gian’ Bori and his wife did not leave the
apartment. They directed Pierre Vigney
to arrange for the burial of their murdered
son.

  But the old man returned from an inter-
view with Valdez’s secretary, and brought
the word that the body had been given a
Christian burial.

  The politician himself was not to be
found. The bullet in his arm had con-
fined him to his bed. But the secretary
had been courteous and expressed regret
at the sad occurrence. His employer, so
he said, was remorseful at the outcome of
the duel, and had paid the priest and the
undertaker.

  Pierre Vigney had even visited the ceme-
tery and seen the fresh grave.

  It was a high-handed proceeding. Gian’
Bori stormed and raged at this fresh out-
rage. But what could he do? The boy
was dead! Perhaps, after all, Valdez had
meant well in having him buried.

  He could only show his grief by ordering
a handsome monument to be placed over
the new grave. And he spent all the af-
fection that he felt for George in devoting
himself to Tina’s recovery.
THE DANCING DOLL.

245

  It was a month before the girl was able
to leave the apartment and drive to the
cemetery, where she laid a wreath on the
stone that Bori had placed there. Pale
and broken in spirit, with little trace of the
former madcap dancer, she returned list-
lessly to the house, and when Gian’ Bori
and his wife begged her to come and live
with them she refused like one who has no
comfort in life.

  “ No, no—I can’t stay on in Rio,” she
said. “ The place is hateful to me. Every-
thing I see reminds me of George, and I
can’t stand it!”

  “ What will you do, then?”

  “ I want to go back to New York. I
have friends there. You did not know it,
but I have an old father. Perhaps when
I am home again it will be easier to for-
get.”

  Gian’ Bori dealt most generously with
the girl in the settlement of George’s estate.
He did not seriously oppose her return to
her home when he was once convinced
that she could never be happy in Rio.

  And thus it came about that Tina took
passage for New York two months after
the duel, while the lover she mourned as
dead was fighting his way to recovery on a
plantation in the jungle.

  He was being nursed back to health by
the best physician that Valdez could pay
for. Everything that money could buy was
used to save his life.

  Nevertheless, he was a prisoner. He was
a captive, kept by Pedro Valdez for a
purpose.

CHAPTER XXIII.

A PERFECT REVENGE.

IT was not because Pedro Valdez had
suddenly grown tender-hearted that he
was trying to nurse his enemy back to
life. On the contrary, he w7as so enraged
by the wound in his arm that he would
have been callous enough to leave the body
where it fell.

  But the surgeon, Dr. Ribiera, returned
to the fallen man after the arm had been
bandaged, to assure himself that the victim
w7as really dead.

  To his astonishment, he found the heart
fluttering feebly, no more than the faintest
spark of life, but that was enough. With
the instinct of a healer, he worked with all
his skill to snatch the dying man from the
jaws of death.

  George’s seconds had already gone away
in the car. The surgeon had told them to
notify the relatives and that he would ar-
range to have the body removed. But
when he found that there was still hope
he insisted on carrying George to the near-
est house, and that was the villa of Pedro
Valdez.

  “ Why should I help you save the life
of that scoundrel?” snarled the politician.
“ That anarchist—the scum that tried to
assassinate me!”

  “ It would be nothing less than murder
to do otherwise,” protested the doctor.
“ You are a man of honor, a gentleman, not
a murderer!”

  “ All right,” was the grudging response.
“ Bring him along and do as you think
best. But it would give me greater pleasure
to put my pistol to his head and blow out
his brains.”

  An hour later Valdez was in bed trying
to restore his strength with morning choco-
late, when Guy Dalby was announced. He
had rushed up from the city breathless with
important news.

  “Oh, I say!” he exclaimed as he saw
the bandaged arm resting stiffly on a pil-
low. “ The beggar plugged you! Did you
return the compliment?”

  Valdez scowled at his visitor over his
chocolate.

  “ I killed the blackguard! He may have
crippled me for life—why, I may even lose
my arm—but I killed him; at least I hope
I did! ”

  “ You killed him! Oh, I say, that spoils
everything! ”

  “ I’m not sure whether he’ll pull through.
The doctor hopes to save him, but I don’t
think he’s worth the trouble.”

  “ I want to see him get well,” declared
Guy with decision.

  “You! You want him to live! I thought
you hated him as much as I do.”

  “ I want him to live because his trou-
bles are just beginning. Listen, Valdez,
246

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

We’ve got his record. That beggar is want-
ed in New York for murder.”

  The politician started so violently that
he almost upset his cup. The movement
jarred his wounded arm and made him cry
out in agony. Then he stared at Dalby
with bloodshot eyes.

  “ Is it true? You’re not drunk—or
crazy?”

  “ It’s true, old dear! The detectives
have been questioning every stranger in the
city about George Marchand. They round-
ed up an immigrant from New York, an
Italian who claimed to be a chauffeur, a
rather fishy sort, I think, but he says he
knows all about George Marchand. His
real name is George Marcanda, and this
fellow describes him perfectly, even to the
scar on his cheek. He recognized George
in the Cafe La Scala.”

  “ So I’ve been fighting a duel with a
criminal!” snapped Valdez, flushing with
rage,

  “ Yes. He got away from New York
after killing a policeman. One of his con-
federates was caught and executed. He was
a notorious gangster. Happy George, they
called him.”

  “ If I’d known that before, I wouldn’t
be sitting here with my arm in a sling,”
growled Valdez. “ And that fellow would
have been in a cell, where he belongs.”

  “ Quite so. You could have honorably
refused to fight a man of that sort—a
fugitive from justice! You could have held
him in jail for extradition.”

  “ It may not be too late yet. If Dr.
Ribiera pulls him through, we can cable
to New York, and they will send an officer
to take him back. It would be a happy
day for me if I could hear that he was
executed.”

  But Guy Dalby tapped his wrist with a
forefinger. “ I have a better plan than
that, old dear,” he said. “ There is a re-
ward offered for this murderer. It seems
that some millionaire in New' York was a
friend of the bobby who was killed. The
reward is quite handsome—ten thousand
dollars!”

  “ Well, what about it?”

  “ Just this. Suppose I go to New York
and get all the facts in the case. Then I

can inform the police and claim the re-
ward. You put up my traveling expenses
and we’ll split fifty-fifty.”

  Valdez made a magnificent gesture.

  “ The money is nothing to me! What I
want is to see this brigand executed. To
think that I’ve been struck in the face and
shot by a common criminal!”

  “ To say nothing of being cheated out
of the girl you want,” added Guy Dalby.

  “You are right!” Valdez snarled. “I
want to see that scoundrel suffer!”

  “ I’m with you on that. At the same
time, that reward means something to me,
even if it’s just small change to you. If
we don’t handle this right, somebody else
—that Italian who knows him—may step
in and claim the reward. Now, here’s a
plan that’s perfectly topping. Who knows
that George is still alive?”

  “ Only the doctor and my seconds—all
trustworthy men. The report has been
spread that he was killed.”

  “ Righto! That makes it very simple.
Let every one believe that George was
killed. Say that you’ve had him buried.
A man of your power can fix the details,
fake a death certificate, and bribe the un-
dertaker. You can even have a fresh grave
made in the cemetery for a perfect alibi.
Meanwhile keep George out of sight until
I can go to New York and claim that ten
thousand dollars reward.”

  Valdez smiled with evil pleasure. The
scheming and deception that was required
added a certain zest to his revenge.

  “ There is one little detail that you have
forgotten, my dear friend,” he suggested.
“ It will be the finishing touch to our little
plot!”

  “ Let’s hear it.”

  “ I will advance you the passage money
to New York. I will let you keep the
entire reward, the whole ten thousand dol-
lars. In return for this you will see to
it that George is taken back to be exe-
cuted.”

  “ Yes, yes—that’s the agreement.”

  “ And in addition you will bring back
your lovely ward. I am very anxious that
before George goes to his death he shall
know that I have possessed Margot. What
do you think of my plan, Dalby?”
THE DANCING DOLL.

247

  Guy extended his hand. “ It’s topping,
old boy! We’ll make that fellow squirm!
If your surgeon can only keep him alive,
we’ll both even up our old scores.”

  Meanwhile, in a shabby bedroom that
had once been used by a servant, George
lay, gasping feebly. Only his painful
breathing told that he was alive, for his
face was deathly pale and he had not re-
covered consciousness.

  The doctor shook his head despairingly
more than once during that day, while he
wrestled for the life of George Marcanda.
Time and again he thought that the fight
was lost, but every time the stubborn vi-
tality of the patient pulled him through.

  Dr. Ribiera was a devout man, a good
Catholic, and a believer in miracles. His
scientific training had not shaken his faith
in divine intervention.

  When he saw the amulet that Tina had
hung about George’s neck he wondered
whether this young man’s life was not
spared by some power beyond the realm of
science.

  “ By rights the bullet should have killed
him,” he murmured. “ Perhaps some wom-
an who loves him is praying for him, and
God is listening to her prayers.” And the
good doctor made the sign of the cross.

CHAPTER XXIV.

TIIE WORKING OF THE PLAN.

FOR weeks, while George wrestled with
death, he was kept out of sight in
Valdez’s house. Only Dr. Ribiera was
permitted to see him and that good man
was given no hint of the revenge that Pedro
Valdez was planning against his patient.

  On the contrary, when the doctor in-
formed Valdez that George was recovering
more slowly because he worried at getting
no news from his friends, the politician in-
vented some messages from Gian’ Bori,
from Tina and even from Margot.

  They were reassuring messages that the
sick man was too feeble to analyze very
carefully. Under their false hope he be-
gan to gain so that in answer to Valdez’s
q uestion the doctor announced tnat George
would be able to travel soon.

  “ I have no more hate for that young
man,” Valdez assured the doctor with an
oily smile. “ For though my arm still gives
me great pain—yes, even though you tell
me that it will always be weak and stiff—
yet I do not hate him!”

  “You are a good Christian, Senor Val-
dez,” and the surgeon made the sign of the
cross. “ Our Lord teaches us to forgive
our enemies.”

  Valdez smiled at the doctor’s simplicity
and continued: “ It is my plan to take the
young man to one of my estates. The
change of air, the quiet life on a coffee
plantation will do him good.”

  “ An excellent idea!” agreed the doctor.

  “ And you shall go along, my worthy
friend. You will be paid well for your time
and your only duty will be to see that the
young man is completely restored.” Valdez
dismissed the surgeon with a lordly ges-
ture and turned to his correspondence.

  Guy Dalby had reported from New York
and his plans seemed to be working out as
he desired.

  Still there was a certain vagueness about
Dalby’s letter. Some of the sentences were
so rambling that the politician wondered
whether the man who wrote that letter had
been quite sober.

  But he gathered that there was a re-
ward offered for George Marcanda and
that when the time was ripe Guy Dalby
would claim it. Meanwhile, a few hundred
dollars would be welcome.

  Of Margot, little was said in the letter.
It seemed that Harbison had taken her out
of the city, probably to some place where
she could rehearse for the act that was to
startle Broadway. Dalby had not seen her.

  Valdez smiled as he thought of the little
surprise he had for both Guy and Margot.
And most of all, for George. This was his
surprise:

  The marriage that had been made the
pretext for a duel instead of summary jail
proceedings was no more than a fraud. Val-
dez had decided to search the records right
after George’s departure and then had fol-
lowed a long interview and a very painful
one for the official who performed the cere-
mony.

  That tricky old Aguirre had been turned
248

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

inside out like a sack under the searching
questions of the political boss. He had
been forced to admit that the legal forms
had not been complied with. That he had
taken money to doctor the records and fake
certain documents.

  Under the bullying of Valdez, the old
man crumpled up and cried like a baby.
He was finally released, pallid and trem-
bling, glad to escape losing his position
and to keep out of jail.

  The price of his freedom was the sworn
statement that the marriage was no mar-
riage at all, but a plot with intent to de-
ceive and defraud.

  “ This will be my little present to
George,” muttered Valdez with a smile.
“It will cheer him on his way to execution.”

  It was with difficulty that the politician
had restrained himself from going into
George’s room to gloat over his helpless-
ness, but he took a savage pleasure in hav-
ing Dr. Ribiera recite the details of the
boy’s sufferings and his painful conva-
lescence.

  He liked to imagine how the spasms
would shoot through George’s body as he
breathed with that bullet-torn lung.

  Every time his own stiff arm gave him
a twinge, Valdez would think of the suf-
fering that his enemy was feeling at that
moment. And he rejoiced at the still
greater suffering that would follow when
his rival would be handed over to be ex-
ecuted.

  He had learned that the legal execution
in New York was not shooting, not be-
heading, not the garrote, but electrocution.
He thought it must be very painful.

  He even experimented with an electrical
machine that gave slight shocks and would
hold on to the handles until it would seem
that his wrists would swell and burst. Then
he would try to imagine how a man would
suffer to endure that agony until death.

  He hoped that Dr. Ribiera would make
the patient strong and vigorous so that the
torture would last a long time.

  So when George was finally loaded into
an automobile one night and sent across
the mountains under the doctor’s care, it
was as a steer that is to be fattened for the
butcher.

  George was too weak to protest. He
was not able to stand and the jolting of the
car gave him a great deal of pain, but the
doctor told him again and again of his
rival’s kindness and his forgiving spirit un-
til George almost believed that a miracle
had happened in the soul of his enemy.

  Then he would have a vision of Pedro
Valdez, like a moving picture, the heavy
face, the pouches under the thick-lidded
eyes, the insolence of the sensual mouth un-
der .its long mustache, and he would won-
der how Dr. Ribiera could be victimized by
such a man.

  At the end of the motor highway, the
doctor and patient were forced to continue
their journey over rough mountain roads
in an ox cart.

  It was a primitive affair with two enor-
mous wooden wheels that screamed on their
axles like souls in purgatory.

  Dr. Ribiera was horrified. He had not
realized that they would have any hard-
ships on the trip. But it was too late to
turn back. The best he could do was to
direct the driver to proceed very cautiously
and to make long halts as they journeyed
through the primeval jungle.

  From day to day the road became less
traveled, the huts of the natives or peons
were farther and farther apart and the un-
broken mass of the tropical forest seemed to
close in upon them like a sea of heavy,
poisonous green.

  It was not until the end of the sixth day
that they reached the coffee plantation, one
of the most remote of Valdez’s estates.

  There they were received by the foreman,
a dusky giant, part Portuguese, part ne-
gro, who was reputed to be an illegitimate
half brother of his employer.

  Manoel received them with a meaning
smile. He had received complete instruc-
tions from his half brother and knew what
was expected.

  The guests were to be given a small
house by themselves, furnished with provi-
sions and other supplies and were to be
kept incommunicado.

  George was not to be allowed to escape,
and Manoel thought he could manage that.
No peons ever escaped from the plantation
that he managed.
THE DANCING DOLL.

249

  Outwardly he resembled the serfs who
worked for him. He wore dirty cotton
trousers, a ragged shirt that exposed his
chest with its growth of hair, and his bare
feet were protected with primitive sandals.

  But in one or two details he differed from
the peons. From a cartridge belt hung a
heavy .44. A quirt always dangled from
his wrist and wherever he went he carried
a carbine, slung from his saddle when he
rode and laid across his knees when he was
sitting down.

  Those weapons, the only ones on the es-
tate, represented the law of that clearing
in the jungle.

CHAPTER XXV,

IN THE TROPIC NIGHT.

AT first Manoel treated George and the
l doctor with a careless good nature.
They were provided with quarters of
their own, a primitive hut near the ranch
house, and supplied with food.

  The strangers were something to break
the monotony of life on the plantation, and
as long as the novelty lasted, the manager
was willing to drink fiery spirits with them,
play cards and otherwise condescend to
something approaching friendliness.

  But it seemed like the playfulness of a
bear, an untamed gigantic brute who had
them in his power. He was a savage who
might turn on them to rend and slay with-
out notice.

  As George recovered his strength under
Dr. Rib i era’s care, the half-caste put more
contempt into his familiarity and less bluff
sportiveness.

  Manoel would address him by nicknames
that might be either meant as insults or
merely facetiousness. He would deal him
heavy slaps on the shoulder—that might be
meant cordially but that might be taken as
real blows, for Manoel had muscles like a
buffalo.

  Sometimes he did not send food to the
hut—forgot it on purpose. Once he sent
his house boy with a jar of drinking water
that was unspeakably filthy—a specimen of
his ffrim humor.

For some time George did not guess the

cause of this needless brutality. He won-
dered whether Manoel had been instructed
by his half brother to make their life mis-
erable by a series of petty injuries and in-
sults.

  It was Dr. Ribiera who enlightened hirm
“ It’s that girl, Rosita, who is causing
all the trouble, my friend.”

  “ Rosita? That Indian girl that Manoel
is fond of?”

  “ She’s not exactly Indian. She is a mix-
ture of the Brazilian jungle, native, negro,
Portuguese. You would do well to treat
her with great diplomacy.”

George flushed. “ I’ve hardly looked at
Manoel’s woman. Is the filthy brute jeal-
ous? Why, I wouldn’t touch the creature.”
“ That’s it. You show too plainly that
you regard her as dirt under your feet.”

  “ What else is she?”

  “ A woman!” The doctor smiled shrewd-
ly. “ In this little kingdom in the wilder-
ness Rosita is a du Barry, a Pompadour.
She can make or break any one who crosses
her.”

  “ All right. I’ll be civil to Manoel’s cof-
fee-colored favorite.”

  “ Do. But for heaven’s sake be careful
not to overdo it. If the savage who fon-
dles her should regard you as a rival, it
would be sudden death for both of us.”
George laughed, but he was a bit uneasy
nevertheless. It was a difficult course to
steer and he found it so as soon as he
began to show the slightest friendliness to
the dusky charmer.

  When he touched his cap and bade her
good morning in the clearing before the
ranch house, Rosita threw him a languorous
glance from her great melting eyes, and her
lips parted to show the whiteness of her
teeth.

  A little later she took occasion to pass the
shady spot where he was sitting and once
more that look of invitation was flung over
her shoulder.

  She paused for a moment to see if he
would respond, and when she moved on, a
purple flower was lying on the ground where
she had stood.

  George had merely nodded at the second
encounter, nodded a little curtly, for he felt
a sudden terror of the girl.
250

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  Rosita was not ugly at all. Now that
their eyes had met and he had seen the lure
that lighted from under her drooping eye-
lashes, he realized with a little shock that
Rosita was a beauty, a savage creature, no
doubt, but possessed of a violent and sen-
sual beauty like that flower with the heavy
petals that she had let fall.

  After a time George rose and strolled
carelessly across the cleared space picking
up the flower as he passed it.

  It was heavy. The petals were fleshy,
and its heart seemed to be cloyed with rank
honey. A sweet odor came from its depths,
perfume so overpowering as to be almost
repellant.

  George examined the tropical flower care-
fully. He had never seen one just like it
before. He held it to his nostrils for
a moment, then stuck it in his belt and
moved on.

  That same evening George caught a
glimpse of the girl as she sat before the
ranch house, nestling in the curve of Ma-
noel’s burly arm. Even while her lover
was in the act of caressing her, Rosita man-
aged to flash a signal to this white man, her
latest caprice. George quickened his steps
to avoid a scene.

  He played cards with Dr. Ribiera until
late that night.

  The heat was intense and the two friends
retired to their hammocks, hoping that they
had induced a drowsiness by their late hours
that would send them to sleep in spite of
the oppressive heat and the attacks of
mosquitos.

  Dr. Ribiera was lucky. He managed to
drop off to sleep, but George tossed and
rolled until the hammock swayed under him
and his single garment was wringing with
sweat.

  His mind had been busied with thoughts
of Tina. More and more her image, so gay
and provocative, so daring and tender at
once, had filled his waking hours and his
dreams.

  Several times there had been messengers
from Rio, ragged peons in charge of ox
carts loaded with supplies. George had in-
quired whether any of these had brought
letters from his friends.

  Manoel had grinned carelessly and re-

plied that there were no letters, but that his
brother Pedro had sent warm regards to
his guest and assurances that his friends in
Rio were well and happy—that they looked
forward to George’s return.

  To Dr. Ribiera this sounded perfectly
satisfactory and when George confided his
doubts and anxieties to the physician he
was promptly reassured. If his friends did
not write, well—the doctor shrugged and
threw out his hands!—It was because there
was nothing to write about! Why worry?
As soon as he was well enough, Pedro would
return his guest to Rio. The duel and all
other unpleasantness would be forgotten.

  So argued the confiding and generous-
hearted Dr. Ribiera, a man of such gentle-
ness and innate goodness that he could
hardly imagine the depths of evil in other
souls.

  But George had no such childlike faith.
As on many nights before, he lay awake
this torrid night and wondered about Tina
and Margot.

  Margot was in New York long before
this. Was her name already shining in
lights on Broadway? Then Tina! His mind
came back to her again and again. When
would he see her to tell her that he had
discovered it was she and no other that
he loved?

  Finally, unable to endure any more, he
sat up, touched the earthen floor with his
bare feet and slid quietly out of the hut
into the brilliance of the tropical moon-
light.

  Not a light burned in all the plantation;
only the radiance of the full moon lighted
his path. It glinted from the leaves of the
coffee bushes. It bathed the tops of the
huge forest trees and cast profound inky
shadows beneath their masses of foliage.

  The silence was broken only by the in-
describable calls and twitterings of small
creatures of the night, and by the raucous
breathing from the house where Manoel
slept.

  From the ravine that lay in the direction
opposite to the ranch house, came the plash
and gurgle of water. George turned and
followed the trail to the stream.

  After a plunge in the cooling waters he
might be able to sleep!
THE DANCING DOLL.

251

  As he cautiously felt his way down the
slippery path the breath from the under-
growth filled his lungs with a warm sickly
whiff of a hothouse.

  It was full of mysterious strange odors,
perfumes of flowers that might be as poi-
sonous as they were sweet; the odor of
decaying leaves, and of wet moss; a strange
mingling of the scents that betokened life
and death in fevered, riotous contact.

  Leaves and twigs brushed against his
face, a creeper caught his leg and he could
hear a snake slither away at his approach.
Ferns brushed against his knees as he drew
near to the bank of the stream.

  When he paused ankle deep in the rivu-
let, there was a swift stirring in the bushes
as if a wild animal had been startled at
his intrusion.

  Without other warning, George strug-
gled in the sudden embrace of two warm
clinging arms and a body that clung to
him as a python winds about its prey.

CHAPTER XXVI.

“just one lash!”

HOT lips forced themselves upon his
mouth and clung.

George could feel the rise and fall
of her bosom as the girl, absolutely invisible
in that forest darkness, held him to her with
all the abandon of her unchecked emotions.

  For a second his own young blood an-
swered her, his heart beat in rhythm to her
own and he was on the point of yielding.

  Then something, pride of race, the bal-
ance of reason that civilization brings to
bear against the clamor of the senses, made
him resist.

  Or perhaps it was something more per-
sonal, the thought of that other girl—a
thought that made these fierce embraces
appear merely bestial.

  With a sudden angry movement, George
exerted all his strength and thrust her from
him. She was hurled headlong to the
ground and sprang up, a quivering passion-
ate wild thing.

  “ What the devil are you up to? Who
are you?”

“ You!—you can ask me that! After—

after wearing my flower?” Her voice came
plaintive and charged with passion from
the darkness.

   “ Rosita! ”

  George felt a chill of horror at what he
had escaped. He was in no less danger
even now. If Manoel should find him in
the forest with his sweetheart, no vengeance
would be too terrible. And Manoel car-
ried the only weapons on the estate. Power
of life and death was his!

  If George had cared for the girl—if he
had even been inflamed by her ardent ad-
vances, he might have taken the risk of
death by torture. But Rosita, with all of
her physical allure, was nothing to him.

  And for that reason the very violence
of her onslaught turned his indifference to
loathing.

  “ Keep off!” he commanded in a sharp
whisper.

  He dared not raise his voice for fear of
bringing the little community down upon
them in alarm.

  “Don’t touch me! Keep off!”

  She was approaching him on her knees,
trying to draw him down to her.

  Then with a sudden return of prudence
he bent low and whispered in her ear. “ Not
now, my beautiful Rosita! Manoel is
awake! I heard him stirring! Another
time!” And he had fled up the trail to
his hut.

  George slept no more that night. He lay
awake, tortured by the heat, the singing in-
sects and the thought of what might re-
sult from this encounter.

  He made up his mind to escape from the
plantation as soon as possible. The dan-
ger of finding his way through the jungle
would be great; the risks from wild animals,
from poisonous snakes and insects, from
hunger and exhaustion, and the pursuit of
Manoel.

  But to stay here subject to the caprice
of Rosita, who was the object of that giant
savage’s affections; that meant certain
death.

  He would escape from the plantation
the very next night. Somehow he would
secure food and perhaps a revolver. But
one way or another he must escape, and
soon!
252

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  The next morning Rosita saw him from
a distance and turned her back. Her man-
ner was sullen and angry and George real-
ized that she had found Manoel asleep on
her return to the house. She had seen
through his ruse and was furious.

  Worried at the premonition of impending
disaster, George retired to his hut. He
crawled into his hammock and tried to get
some sleep. He suffered from a slight fever
and the sight of food nauseated him.

  “ Come on, my dear friend,” urged Dr.
Ribiera about mid-day. “ This will do you
good! See, they’ve sent us a stew of rice
and chicken from the ranch house.”

  But George shook his head and the doc-
tor mixed him up something from his med-
icine case instead.

  Dr. Ribiera smacked his lips over the
unusual luxury of chicken and rice stewed
with peppers, and ate greedily.

  In an hour he was dead.

  The end had come so suddenly, a violent
attack of cramps followed by convulsions
of the final agony, that George did not have
time to call for assistance.

  He stared at his friend’s body with
horror.

  Suspicion—more than suspicion, a cer-
tainty of what had happened, dawned upon
him.

  Picking up the dish with the remains of
the chicken stew he threw it into the court-
yard and instantly dogs were fighting over
the bones. The largest and greediest of the
curs was the one who first showed the re-
sults. Even as George watched him, the
gaunt and mangy hound commenced to dis-
play symptoms of uneasiness. He ran
about in a staggering trot, snapping and
staring blindly, and presently collapsing in
a heap, he was seized with a spasmodic con-
traction of the muscles that ended in a
death struggle.

  “ Poisoned!” As George gasped the ter-
rible word, horrified at the death which
had been planned for himself and his
friend, he saw a strange figure in the door-
way of the ranch house.

  A man dressed in neatly pressed white
garments was a unique figure in the jungle.
Even Dr. Ribiera and George had been un-
ble to keep themselves presentable.

  As the stranger emerged from the shadow
of the doorway, approaching George’s hut
with deliberate heavy steps, his features be-
came recognizable.

  It was Pedro Valdez!

  George strode out to meet him with his
fists clenched. Valdez whistled over his
shoulder and Manoel appeared followed by
Rosita. She was arrayed in unaccus-
tomed finery, evidently in honor of the
master’s visit.

  George faced the group with blazing
eyes.

  “ You murderers!” he screamed. “ You
cowards! You assassins! You’ve poisoned
Dr. Ribiera!”

  “ What’s all this?” Pedro turned to his
half brother with raised eyebrows and anger
in his voice.

  Manoel shrugged. “ He’s crazy. I don’t
know what he’s talking about!”

  Only Rosita shrank, cowering from Pe-
dro’s stare.

  “ Don’t deny it,” cried George. “ The
doctor is in the hut. Dead! He ate the
food you sent him! I fed the scraps to a
dog. Look!” He pointed an accusing fin-
ger at the hound that lay lifeless in the
sun.

  The politician glared at his brother.

  “ What kind of tricks have you been
up to?” snarled Pedro. “ It is unfortunate
that the doctor should have perished—but
I could overlook that. He was unimpor-
tant. But this man!” He flashed an evil
smile in George’s direction. “ He has been
reserved for a special punishment.”

  Valdez faced George with a triumphant
sneer. “ How do you like it here on my
plantation, eh? So far it has been good,
but wait. First you will be flogged. Then
you will be worked like a slave and every
week you will receive another flogging.

  “ And that is not all. Your dear friend
Guy Dalby has gone to New York to tell
the police you are here. You will be ex-
ecuted! Bound to a chair and tortured by
electricity according to the law of your bar-
barous country. How do you like that?”
George was aghast at the plot devised by
Guy Dalby and Pedro Valdez. His tor-
mentor turned to Manoel and continued:

  “ But I told you that you could work this
THE DANCING DOLL.

253

fellow with the peons. I said you could
even beat him—not too much—but I ex-
pressly forbade you to kill him. Who has
tried to poison him?”

  “ I know nothing about it,” said Mano3l
sullenly. “All I know is that I have made
up my mind to have him flogged to-day.”
“ Flogged to-day? Why?”

  “ Strung up and flogged by the two
strongest blacks on the place,” declared
Manoel. “ Rosita swears that this wretched
pasty-faced outcast tried to make love to
her—would you believe it? The scoundrel
had the audacity to try to take away my
girl! ”

  Valdez looked at Rosita with a slow ap-
preciative smile. “ Did he succeed, my pret-
ty one? Did he force you to give him a
kiss?”

  Rosita let her eyes droop shyly and then
she flashed a look of anger at George. “ Let
me see him flogged,” she begged.

  At a whistle from Manoel two negroes
had come running and George found him-
self in their grasp. Even before the wound
had weakened him, George would have been
helpless in the grip of these half-naked
giants.

  Pedro Valdez smiled sardonically as he
drew near the girl and allowed her weight
to rest on his shoulder. “ You little devil!
I’ll wager it was you who tried to poison
him.” He spoke in caressing accents.

  “No, no, no!” cried Rosita. “But I’d
love to see him flogged. I would like to
flog him with my own hands. Please!”
she clasped her hands in supplication, “ Let
me hold the whip! —Just one lash!”

TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK

u u o
THE LINE THAT LASTS

*T*HEY talk of “ lines ” that maidens “ pull ”

  With men, and hint of methods clever;

They speak of “ bluff ” and “ talk ” and “ bull!”

  There’s just one line that lasts forever
And never fails. It’s always had ’em
(The men) and hauled ’em on the shelf
Since Eve demurely lisped to Adam:

  “ Now tell me all about yourself!”

They talk so solemnly, the men,

   Of woman’s ruses sly and skillful;

They call her weak and vain—and then
They call her proud and strong and willful!1
No wonder every flapper smiles

  Who knows (as half the flappers do),

The simple phrase that so beguiles—

  It’s “ Now let’s talk of you—just you!”

Perhaps she’s warm—perhaps she’s cold—

  Perhaps she’s plain—perhaps she’s pretty—

Perhaps she’s shy-—perhaps she’s bold;

  It doesn’t matter, more’s the pity!

She doesn’t need a childish pout—

  A rippling laugh—a low sweet brow—

For when she says, “ Let’s talk about
Yourself!” he loves her, anyhow!

Helen Cowles LeCron.
By NAN MOYNAHAN

A SHARP wind nagged at the lower city
as Janet Murdock came out of the
»Blade building and made her way
across City Hall Park. It was a blustery
sort of gale, picking up stray bits of paper
as it scampered along and lifting sudden
eddies of dust into the eyes of the hurrying
throngs. It sent the blood whipping
through Janet’s veins and the color flood-
ing her cheeks. There was still time—-they
did not receive visitors at the Tombs until
two o’clock—for a brisk walk, before keep-
ing her appointment.

  Appointment was hardly the name for it,
she thought grimly. It seemed a thorough-
ly fruitless undertaking to her and she was
annoyed with the whole affair. There had
been no appointment made—Wade had seen
to that—and she had no certainty that the
warden would grant her an interview with
Mme. Le Montague. She knew from long
experience, the impatience of prison officials
with anything that smacked of a sob story,
especially with the trial so near at hand.
But it had been Wade’s idea—and with
him, to think was to act.

  No other city editor she’d ever known
but would have had the whole thing ar-

ranged beforehand so that it would go otr
smoothly and the success of the venture
be assured. Wade was not that kind. “ No
favors!” was his motto. “Let everybody
work out his own salvation.”

  “ Just go dowm to the visitors’ house,”
he had ordered, “ send in your card and ask
to see Mme. Le Montague. Ever been in-
side of that visitors’ house? Say, it’s a
scream. No privacy—no conference cham-
bers for the favored ones to sit and dis-
cuss things on the Q. T. with their friends.
No, siree! It’s the essence of democracy—
a sort of bedlam let loose. Get in and give
us a picture of her in that atmosphere.
She’s a good looker, the police reporters tell
me. Play that up. She’s one of the slick-
est crooks in the world if she’s pulled that
job—fifty thousand dollars’ worth of Liber-
ty Bonds—think of it? Let’s hear your
impressions—the general environment is
what we want. She’s in with all the riff-
raff of the city. Tell us how she sizes up
with Judy O’Grady. Ask her anything you
like—what she thinks her chances for ac-
quittal are? If she has any friends or rela-
tives with her? Anything you like—but
get the atmosphere! ”

254
JUDGMENTS.

255

  The walk in the bracing air had a sooth-
ing effect on Janet’s temper and she felt
her impatience subside and her interest
quicken as she turned into Center Street
and saw the gray granite walls of the Tombs
just before her. A large crowd had gath-
ered in the street and Janet soon discovered
the cause of their interest. They were all
intent on a gate in the prison wall marked
Visitors’ Entrance.

  So she must stand with this seething
mob until they saw fit to admit her? This
would have pleased Wade—no chance here
for any special consideration.

  Janet glanced curiously over the crowd.
People of all races and nationalities were
jostling for positions of advantage. Here
and there sad eyed Italian women lugging
heavy infants in their arms, while others
tugged at their voluminous skirts, waited
stolidly. A slender little woman of the
Orient clad in her native dress, stood apart,
trying to appear unconscious. Undoubted-
ly, the innocent sufferer of some episode of
the Tongs, was Janet’s thought. Colored
men and women; long-whiskered Jews;
plain Americans of every caste and condi-
tion, crowded the narrow street.

  A slim little Italian girl engaged Janet
in conversation. Her sweetheart was in
there. Yes, he had been in a stabbing
affair. In halting English, interspersed with
many pious ejaculations, she related the
story, calling upon all the saints to wit-
ness his innocence. Did Janet think there
was danger of his being convicted? Courts
were so cruel!

  Janet’s attempt at reassurance was sud-
denly cut short. The gate was open. The
line was moving.

  She found herself inside the building in
a long corridor, on one side of which, be-
hind a rail and a wire caging, ranged a
series of booths. These booths were al-
ready occupied by prisoners. The air was
alive with wails and calls and conversation
shouted in every tongue. Eager questions
hurled across the space; halting answers
from gray and hopeless lips. Sobs and gig-
gles and angry epithets!

  How useless! thought Janet. Was there
any one there able to pick his answer from
that bedlam of sound? Poor wretches!

What an interloper she felt in the face of
all that misery. Her old irritation with
Wade arose again and she was about to
struggle toward the entrance when an at-
tendant approached her. She told him that
she had come to see Mme. Le Montague.

  “ I’ll see if she’ll come down. Chances
are her counsel won’t let her talk to any
one.”

  Janet thanked him and waited. Her little
Italian acquaintance had gained entrance
and was standing near shouting to her
sweetheart on the opposite side. Janet
watched the dark, eager face with its swift
change of expression, as a perfect torrent of
emotion poured from her lips. The only
word he uttered, but it came at regular in-
tervals, was a repetition of “ Si—si—” but
his face glowed.

  Janet smiled and moved nearer. She’s
brought him good news, poor soul! She’d
speak to the girl later. Might be a story

•	• M

m it.

  “ Mme. Le Montague ’11 see you, miss.
She’s over there!”

  Janet turned and looked across. A tall,
dark woman clad simply but perfectly in a
black crepe gown, the long lines accentuat-
ing her grace and slimness, looked ques-
tioningly across the gap. Her dark eyes
set in a face of extreme pallor had an ex-
pression that Janet found it hard to fathom.
They were not unfriendly—for when Janet
bowed, her rouged lips parted in a smile.

  She gestured deprecatingly at the motley
throng as if apologizing for the poverty
of her welcome; then in a low voice she said
something in rapid French. Janet moved
nearer. Above the din she heard her own
voice frame the question:

  “ On the eve of your trial, Mme. Le
Montague, the Blade would like to know
upon what you base your hope of acquit-
tal.” How crass and bold it sounded. The
words were scarcely out of her mouth be-
fore she wished that she could take them
back.

  At the mention of the Blade, Janet no-
ticed an almost imperceptible straightening
of the woman’s figure—as if bracing herself
for an attack; but the lips continued to
smile as she pressed forward and in per-
fectly collected tones said:
256

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  “ Upon ze evidence, of course, mademoi-
selle, a’ bon droit—”

  “ Will you have friends with you,
madame? Are your people in this coun-
try?” There was a full minute’s hesita-
tion, then Janet caught the answer.

  “ I am alone in zis countree!” A weary
little smile played about the corners of her
mouth and Janet knew she was studying
the effect of this answer upon her ques-
tioner. Then wearily: “ It is imposseeble,
mademoiselle—this mob ”—indicating with
a shrug of her expressive shoulders her
feeling for her associates—“ I weesh I might
spik wiz you in private, but, no—it is not
permit. Please excuse. I am sorry.
Mercil”

  Janet watched the trim figure move down
the corridor. Once she turned and the
small red lips parted in a smile. She cer-
tainly did not look the criminal. More,
she had the air of a philosopher who awaits
the opportune moment to confound her per-
secutors—her judges—the Wades of the
world—as an afterthought.

  “ Well, at least I’ll keep an open mind,”
decided Janet. “ The French, when they
do turn to crime, make unusually clever
criminals. I’ll go easy on the sympathy
stuff—be careful about forming any snap
judgments.”

  Janet’s story made the last edition—just
a report of the interview with a generous
dash of atmosphere to cover the sparsity of
real news, but Wade was pleased.

  “ Good stuff, Miss Murdock,” he volun-
teered. “ Glad you didn’t lay on the mush.
That woman’s guilty. You go along with
Briscom in the morning. He’s doing the
trial from the news end, but I’d like a fea-
ture story every day. Size her up in your
own way and give the women of New York
a chance to see what crimes one of their
own sex is capable of. If you handle it as
well as you did this one, we ought to put
on twenty thousand in two weeks.”

  Janet’s thoughts went back to that slen-
der dark-eyed girl so palpably an alien to
her hideous surroundings, and she was on
the verge of telling Wade just what she
thought of him and his cruel convictions.
But a job was a job and she had plenty of
use for hers, so all she said was:

  “ Well, we’ll let the State try her first.
Remember, she’s innocent until they prove
her guilty!”

  “ Well, it won’t take ’em long to do that,”
he chuckled as he moved away.

II.

  Janet was early in the court room the
following morning and awaited with some
interest the arrival of Mme. Le Montague.
When she was brought in all eyes were at
attention. She came swinging down the in-
closure, her well-poised head, sleek and
simply coiffed, turning neither to the right
nor left. She seemed unconscious of her sur-
roundings until she took her seat at her
counsel’s table; then she sent swift, darting
glances about her. When her eyes chanced
to rest upon Janet, her lips parted in a
smile and she gave a quick nod of pleased
recognition.

  All stood for the entrance of the judge
and the trial was under way. As the selec-
tion of the jury proceeded, Janet found
herself as interested in the type of man
selected as Mme. Le Montague herself ap-
peared to be. The Frenchwoman held whis-
pered conversation from time to time with
her counsel and Janet noticed that it was
after one of these that the prospective juror
was usually challenged.

  Apparently, she had much to say in the
choice of her jury. It was an interesting
pastime when one had nothing at stake and
Janet fell to picking the men with whom
she would care to trust her fate. Evidently
her ideas did not always conform to the
ideas of Mme. Le Montague, for on two
occasions her attorney challenged the men
on whom Janet had looked with favor.

  “ Wonder what she feared in them?”
Janet mused. “ They look like men with
open minds.”

  Finally it was accomplished; the jury
box was full. The district attorney opened
for the people. Janet listened to the flow
of oratory as he brought home his conten-
tions to the jury. The State would prove,
was his contention, that the defendant—
pointing an accusing finger at the slender
girl seated just ahead of Janet—this de-
fendant had been an accessory to the theft

                        6	A
JUDGMENTS.

257

of fifty thousand dollars’ worth of Liberty
Bonds, of the issues of 1917 and 1918.
She had pledged these bonds at various
times throughout the country and witnesses
would prove that the woman who pledged
these bonds and the defendant in this case,
were one and the same. Her accomplice
had already been tried and convicted, but
with that exaggerated sense of gallantry
peculiar to the French, refused to implicate
the defendant in this case. It now remained
for the jury when they had heard the facts,
to find her equally guilty with the man.

  Janet’s story that day concerned itself
with interesting bits of the trial and Mme.
Le Montague’s apparent reaction to all that
went on about her. She gave a gossipy
analysis of the spectators, mentioning a few
names of prominent people who, because of
the nature of the crime, had been interested.
Though the court room was scarcely half
full, Janet had a column of good human
interest stuff and again Wade was pleased.

  As the trial moved on, Janet wondered
at the courage of the defendant. Witness
after witness testified as to the pledging of
the bonds. The trial ran from New York
through Cincinnati, Louisville, Kansas City,
Tulsa, El Paso; and always the destroying
fact came out, that a woman—a French
woman—young and attractive—had ap-
peared as one of the prime movers in the
transaction.

  “ Is the woman in this court room?”
thundered the district attorney.

  “Yes, the defendant is the woman!”

  Through it all she sat apparently un-
moved. It was hard to connect her in any
way with the figures of the underworld who
came forward to give their testimony. Fre-
quently a suggestion from her brought forth
a cross-question that left the witness floun-
dering for an answer—often totally dis-
credited in the eyes of the jury.

  After one such occasion as this, Janet re-
solved to express herself a little more frank-
ly in the evening paper. The witnesses had
lied and been shown to lie. She could see
that even the jury was convinced of that.

  Every day the court room was more
crowded, until the day on which the State
rested its case, there was scarcely standing
room.

   7	A

  “ All due to your stuff,” laughed Bris-
com. “ Pretty soft for you sob sisters. We
do the deadly work of the trial and you get
all the attention for a little personal opinion.
It’s getting the public, though. The paper’s
selling like hot cakes. Old Wade’s tickled
to death.”

  “ I think most of his pleasure is due to
the fact that he thinks I’m against Mme.
Le Montague. Keeps warning me not to
forget that a Liberty Bond has a symbolic
interest as well as a negotiable value.”

  “ Well, I think it pays to handle him a
bit carefully. He doesn’t have any qualms
about cutting the pay roll, you know.”

  Janet gave this last speech considerable
thought during the next few days. Her ar-
ticles were interesting the public and hordes
of letters were coming in. The court at-
tendants w?ere beginning to have trouble
handling the crowds; and on one or two
occasions lately she had surprised an ex-
pression of interest on the face of Mme.
Le Montague’s attorney when he looked in
her direction. And as yet she had hardly
given voice to her convictions. Would she
dare? If she were on the jury how would
she vote?

  If it were any other city editor but Wade.
To-morrow she’d say what she thought. But
to-morrow something urged her to be cau-
tious. Better hold off until something hap-
pened that left no question of doubt in
her mind. After all, what did it matter if
she didn’t make the most of her opportu-
nity? It would soon be forgotten. News-
paper work was like that. You might pull
the biggest scoop of the year on Friday.
Monday, if j?ou fell down on an assignment,
all your Friday value was forgotten.
“ Every day is a fresh beginning; every
morn is a world made new,” must have
been inspired by the life of a reporter.
Strange world.

  Not until the State had rested and the
defense had opened its case had she a
chance to express the thoughts seething
within her. Rackham, Mme. Le Montague’s
attorney, a dapper gentleman of the old
school, had many new and surprising bits
of evidence up his sleeve. These he pro-
ceeded to exhibit before the bulging eyes
of the spectators as a conjurer produces
258

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

his rabbit. He did not dwell upon the help-
lessness of the defendant, rather he told of
her surprise that a mistaken identity could
so artfully conceal the truth of a situation.

  He had witnesses to prove that at the
times stated, Mme. Le Montague could not
possibly have been in the places mentioned;
for at those times she was at her home in
Paris or right here in New York. Tulsa?
Kansas City? Places she had never heard
of—though he begged the pardon of those
communities for her indifference to their
existence. Witness after witness came for-
ward to substantiate his claims. Most of
them stood up well under the fire of cross-
examination. Occasionally, one would
flounder helplessly and Janet found herself
breathlessly studying the faces of the jury
to see the devastating effects of the break-
down.

  Then the defense played its trump card.
Rackham put his client on the stand and
led her through the various incidents of
her life, touching on Paris, Bordeaux, Lon-
don, and lastly, New York. She had a sur-
prising memory and was nonplused that
any one should think for a minute that
she was involved in the crime that the
State had accused her of. Then Rackham
turned her over to the district attorney.
She was charmingly gracious, never for a
moment losing her fine poise, even when
his attacks on the adventuress type of
French woman became exceptionally point-
ed. After repeated attempts to break down
her story, during which he became notice-
ably irritable, he finally gave up and dis-
missed her.

  “ Will you kindly stay in the witness
chair for a moment, Mme. Le Montague?”
Rackham was suave and smiling. Then to
the attendant: “ Please call Miss Felice
Monteux.”

  There was an expectant hush as Miss
Monteux came swinging down the aisle and
stepped up beside Mme. Le Montague. Her
surprising resemblance sent a thrill through
the spectators. People nudged each other,
commenting upon the unusual likeness.
After the first gasp of surprise had subsided
and the witness had been duly sworn, Rack-
ham asked:

  “ Mme. Le Montague, have you ever seen

this woman before?” indicating Miss Mon-
teux.

  “ No.”

  Rackham turned slowly toward the jury.
For a full minute his glance rested on the
twelve men in the box. Then very deliber-
ately he turned and addressed Miss Mon-
teux.

  “ Miss Monteux, have you ever seen this
woman before?” pointing a long index fin-
ger at the defendant.

  “ No,” came the tremulous answer.

  Again he waited, and the significance of
the pause was not lost upon the court room.
He wanted the almost unbelievable resem-
blance of the two women to fix itself in-
delibly upon the court and jury. Then:
“ That is all, Mme. Le Montague!”

  “ Miss Monteux,” he continued, “ is, of
course, innocent of any connection with
the crime.” He explained that he was
merely using her to prove how close a re-
semblance might exist between two people
entirely unrelated and entirely unknown to
each other. This had happened to Mme.
Le Montague—might happen to any inno-
cent person. Unfortunately she was the
victim of just such a circumstance.

  Questioned by the State’s attorney, Miss
Monteux repeated over and over the same
answers. She lived with her widowed
mother in an apartment in the West Seven-
ties. Was employed in a down town shop,
where all the girls were highly interested
in the outcome of this particular case.
They all read a certain paper each night
and discussed the situation as it was pre-
sented by a woman writer on that paper.

  Janet flushed as she heard her name her-
alded through the silent court room. Miss
Monteux’s likeness to the pictures of Mme.
Le Montague had often been spoken of by
the girls in the shop, and in some unac-
countable way, this fact had reached Rack-
ham’s office. One of his assistants had ap-
peared at her place of business and asked
her to appear in court. At first she had de-
murred, fearing that they might in some
way connect her with the crime, but on his
assurance that nothing unpleasant would
come of it; and urged on by the other girls,
who felt that it was in the cause of jus-
tice, she had come.
JUDGMENTS.

259

  That afternoon Janet let herself go. She
wrote her whole soul into her story. Laid
particular stress on the web that could wind
itself about one once they were within the
toils of the law; drew a picture of the frail
defendant; her helplessness in a foreign
country; her appealing wistfulness on the
stand; the courage of the other girl who
had braved publicity that justice might be
served; closing with a denunciation of cer-
tain witnesses for the State who had proved
themselves perjurers. This done, she put
on her hat and coat and walked stormily
out of the office. Job or no job, she’d done
what she thought was right.

  Wad© was waiting for her when she ar-
rived the next morning. “ I see you’ve
tried the case and returned a verdict,” he
said scathingly. “ I've opened more’n a
hundred letters already from sentimental
fools, all raving over the injustice of our
courts. Want the Blade to start a crusade
to end the persecution of innocent women.
Innocent, bah! I told you to go easy on
that sympathy stuff. Your first articles
were fine, but this last is maudlin. We’ll
be the laughing stock of the town, once
the jury returns its verdict 1”

  “ Mr. Wade ”—Janet’s eyes were blazing
—“ you sent me to this trial instructed to
write it from a woman’s standpoint. I lis-
tened carefully to the evidence, and only be-
cause I used the greatest restraint was I
able to write those first stories. Yesterday
I wrote what I thought and felt, regardless
of the job. I may be wrong, but I intend
to be sincere, If you want me to quit,
all right, but I’m going to say what I think
is right if I continue.”

  “ Well, to-day’s the last day. Finish it
out. I suppose a lot of sentimental women
are waiting for you to tell them how to
think, so get busy. But, remember, there’s
a jury on the job and it’s their privilege to
bring in a verdict to-day, please God!”
He wen U back to the desk, and Janet thor-
oughly disgruntled, stuffed a few sheets of
copy paper into her bag and started for
the courthouse. Just wait until Mme. Le
Montague is acquitted—I’ll walk up and
tell him to take the old job. If he hasn’t
any more confidence in my judgment than
that, I don’t want to work for him.”

  Mme. Le Montague smiled brightly and
waved a small white hand in her direction
as she sat down beside her attorney, and
once Rackham turned and bowed graciously
to her.	j

  The entire morning was spent by Rack-
ham in a resume of his client’s case; and
the State’s attorney consumed the afternoon
with his side of the story. Finally after a
day in which she found it increasingly diffi-
cult to keep her mind on the matter in
hand, as hour succeeded hour, the case was
turned over to the jury. Janet decided to
wait in the court room until the verdict
was returned. She could not face Wade
again and dared not write her story until
she knew what the answer was to be.

  Mme. Le Montague left the room, but
before she went she leaned over and thanked
Miss Murdock for the interest she was tak-
ing in her case.

  “ It has been such a comfort,” she said
in her halting English, “ to feel that some
women understand the position I am in.
Your articles have been very won-dair-ful! ”
And Rackham had added to this: ** Yes,
Miss Murdock, you seem to have sized the
situation up exactly. I have been very
much interested in your daily story.”

  How Janet wished that Wade might have
heard this. Rackham’s opinion was not to
be taken lightly, whatever he might think
of Mme. Le Montague’s.

  Janet read the evening papers and wait-
ed. Briscom went out and bought them
sandwiches and coffee and still they waited.
All sorts of wagers were being laid by the
reporters and the attendants as to the out-
come of the trial, and Janet listened and
laughed indulgently at the banter of the
crowd. Once Briscom asked her how she
was getting along with Wade.

  “ Oh, we had a real run-in this morning.
I’ve thought pretty seriously of resigning
once the trial is over.”

  “ Don’t you do it. Don’t let him scare
you out. A fellow who worked with him
out in St. Louis tells me that he’s got a
bug on convicting women. He got up
against some kind of a feminine panhandler
out there, nine or ten years ago and she
got a cool thousand away from him. He
never made much of a holler. Didn’t want
260

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY,

it known what an easy mark he was; but
since then he’s down on the slick woman
crook. He contends that a murderer isn’t
in it with these thieving scoundrels.”

  So that wras it? Janet was glad for some
explanation of his vindictiveness.

  Finally when everybody was fearful that
it was to be an all night affair, the judge
was summoned from his chambers, the jury
appeared and the defendant was brought
in. She was pale, “ but,” thought Janet,
“ no paler than I ! ”

  “ Gentlemen of the jury, have you
reached a verdict?” came the singsong of
the clerk.

  “ We have; we find the defendant ”—
Janet strained forward—“not guilty!”

  In a moment bedlam was let loose. The
court rapped for order, thanked the jury
for their services and dismissed them. Mme.
Le Montague was everywhere. Shaking
the hands of the jurymen; kissing Rackham
on both cheeks; then, making a lunge for
Janet, she embraced her warmly.

  “ You splendid girl, you have done so
much to help me! I must see you and have
a talk wiz you. I sail on Saturday. Can
I not see you to-morrow, for just a leetle
while—to show you that I do thank you?
It has all been very won-dair-ful! At my
hotel, then, to-morrow for ze luncheon. Tell
me that you will come.”

  Janet thanked her. “ I’m sure I’ll be
delighted to come!”

  “ Oh, sank you, bon ami, au plaisir de
vous revoir,” and she was borne smilingly
away on the arm of her attorney.

  Janet hurried to the office to write her
story. It would make the first edition in
the morning. As she sat down to the type-
writer she looked hastily around for Wade.
He was not there. Too bad! She would
have reveled in a bit of gloating to-night.
If he were at all caustic she could resign.

III.

  Mme. Le Montague proved a charming
hostess. Where she had been so subdued
and reserved during the trial, she was all
smiles and life this morning. She was in-
terested in Janet’s work and asked innu-
merable questions about every phase of it.

Did she work with men? How were they
as business associates?

  Janet, laughingly, confided that with the
exception of one, they were all splendid
good friends and fellow workers. Wade,
the city editor, was hard to get along with.
Too bad, too, because, of course, he had a
lot of power. Then as briefly as possible
she told of the trouble he had made for
her each day her trial stories had appeared.
“ But, it’s all in a lifetime. I suppose it
could be a whole lot worse.”

  Mme. Le Montague looked steadily at
her, then with little clucks of dismay ex-
pressed her sympathy for one forced to work
with a person of such intolerant views.

  “ I have always found, Miss Murdock,
ze men have ze best of it. We poor women
must suffair, is it not so? But you in your
profession have ze pow-air to help so many
unfortunate women. In my countree, the
pen is very pow-air-ful. Here it is the same,
is it not, mademoiselle? And, you, ma
cherie, must always be true to your sex—
don’t let ze men get ze best of it? But, why
do you stay on zis pa-pair, wiz ze so cruel
man?”

  “ Well,” laughed Janet, “ I can’t very
well afford to give it up, though I’ve thought
it might be the best thing to do. I’ve
grown sort of attached to the Blade. Don’t
know that you would understand it, but
when you’re doing this kind of work you de-
velop a sort of loyalty to the sheet you
w?ork on which makes it hard to break
away. Then, too, it might take me several
weeks to land something else, and I’m in
no position to be out of work that long.
You see, I’m not a saving damsel!”

  “But you would like to, what you say—
queet—if he does not pair-mit you to ex-
press yourself independently?”

  “ That’s just it,” and Janet laughed at
the French woman’s understanding.

  She enjoyed the hour they were together
immensely and bade her good-by with a real
regret. She was pleased when Mme. Le
Montague insisted that she would remember
her always. “ Some day I will show you
that I appreciate ze rare judgment that you
have shown,” had been her parting, and
Janet went back to the office with a light
heart.
JUDGMENTS.

261

  A society assignment occupied her that
afternoon and a meeting of the State Feder-
ation took her out of the city for two weeks.
When she returned, Wade strolled over to
her desk. She had not seen him since
the trial.

  “ Well, I see you got your wish,” he be-
gan. “ Your story aroused all the senti-
mental senses of justice in the city, I hear,
and sent all the duplicate editions of the
Montague woman flocking to the court to
prove that she couldn’t possibly be herself.
Good work, but in a poor cause. Now
here’s the case of a woman who ought to
be acquitted. Plenty of chance to drench
yourself and public in tears. She only
murdered a beast of a husband after he
had tried to brain her. Her trial opens
this morning. Go down and see what you
get out of it. Of course she won’t be good
looking and you’ll not be impressed by her
clothes, but, remember, listen occasionally
to the testimony,” and he was gone.

  Gone before Janet had a chance to rise
and tell him how little his judgment
amounted to. He need not try to insult her.
She’d been right all the time. Twelve men
had borne her out in that.

  Well, she’d hurl the job in his face, any-
way. The job—that was the worst of it.
Still she must quit. She had been right.
Wade was wrong.

  She glanced through the drawers of her
desk, making a neat little pile of her per-
sonal belongings.

  Idly she reached for the mail that the
boy had just placed for her. One letter at-
tracted her attention. It was addressed in
a vivid, fashionable script and bore the
postmark “ Paris.”

  Janet tore it open. It was from Mme. Le
Montague.

  My dear Mlle. Murdock:

   I have only just arrived home, but you
  are in my thoughts so much. Now that I
  am free, I do wish so much to give freedom
  to other girls who are forced to live or work
  where they are unhappy. Please accept the
  inclosed from me. It will help you until you
  are able to find another position far from the
  Wade who makes you so unhappy. In your
  work you will know of ways to dispose of
  it. I shall never see you again, for I leave

  Paris almost immediately, ma cherie, but
  please think of me always as
  Your sincere friend,

               Jacqueline Le Montague.

  Janet unfolded the inclosure and studied
it for a moment. It was a Liberty Bond
of the issue of 1917. For a moment—a
long moment—she stared at it. Then a
wave of anger and chagrin taking possession
of her she looked quickly at the letter again.
There was no address given. She sat star-
ing at the thing,* while around her came
tumbling the house of pride and self-confi-
dence and assurance that she had built for
herself so happily at the close of the trial.

  Taking a plain white envelope from her
desk she slipped the bond within and sealed
it carefully. This done, she glanced toward
the desk. Wade was scanning some copy
before him. His shade was low over his
eyes. She wondered what he would have
given that moment for a sight of that bond.
She put on her coat and hat—started for
the door, returned, and went up to Wade.

  “ I’ll take that assignment, Mr. Wade.
What court did you say it was in?”

  “ Oh, yes, let me see. It’s in General
Sessions, Part 3,” referring to a memoran-
dum on his desk. “ Give us some good
stuff, but be careful in your judgments!”

  “ Judgments,” mused Janet to herself.
“ Strange things—judgments.”

  She glanced at her watch. Fifteen min-
utes to get to court. Five of these would
do—the other ten could be spent to a better
purpose.

  As she left the building Janet veered
off toward the Bowery. She walked rapidly
until she came within sight of a dilapidated
brown stone front, the only remaining re-
minder of a past grandeur in the squalid
neighborhood. A sign on the stoop an-
nounced that in this house daily, dinners
were served to New York’s homeless poor.
A large red box marked “ Contributions to
the Fund for the Maintenance of this
Worthy Charity ” hung from the railing.
Janet glanced hurriedly about. No one was
in sight. It was still too early for the line
of “ down and outers ” to be forming. As
she passed the box a plain white envelope
slipped from her fingers into it.

THE END
Author of "Queen of the Night,” *'Sundown Cafe»** t(l.

CHAPTER XXI.

ENTER THE AVENGER!

HOLLOWAY’S consternation,
the mental states of most boys
iis age, was only momentary. He
picked up two guns from the floor.

  His master was lying on the staircase
landing with the bulky hunched form of
McCorkle on his chest. Wing and Parson
were disarmed. The negro Quintilian had
crouched behind that tower of spiritual
strength, his mistress. The latter had
turned toward the stairs, but checked her-
self, with a realization—probably inborn—
that she was stepping into the path of bul-
lets. She remained, still the dominant fig-
ure, whose grim face had not so much as
blanched at the smell of gunpowder.

What stage could have been more per-

fectly set than this—to kindle the heart of
a boy! Tim Holloway with a gun in each
hand stepped into as great a climax of
drama as his imagination had ever evoked.
The power to solve everything was in his
two wiry little hands. For the first time
in his life he was in a position to engage
in a glorious and righteous combat—to shoot
to kill! And what was more heroic, more
enthralling than this? He found himself
transformed suddenly into a two-gun man—
that most dreadful of fiction characters,
which had been the idol of his dreams!

  It must be noted—that except in his
dreams—this was the first time Tim Hollo-
way had ever fired a revolver at a man. It
had always seemed a very simple matter.
But he was greatly disillusioned. And as
for firing two guns—that took a miracle of
co-ordination which most fighters—includ-

Thit ttory btgan in the Argosy-A lit tory Weekly for October 11.

262

By KENNETH PERKINS
BUCCANEER BLOOD.

263

ing Tim Holloway—did not possess. Tim
had never known that it is the hardest
trick in the world to hit a man with a six-
gun, and if you fire two guns at once, it
is well nigh impossible.

  Tim banged away, each shot kicking back
at him with such energy that he thought
both of his wrists were broken. McCorkle,
having disarmed Cameron, stood up and
looked at this little mouse-eyed tousle-
headed figure hurling his shots in every cor-
ner of the room- The big man burst into
a roar that cut in sharply with the hoarse
barking of the guns. He had often boasted
that he would let any two-gun man stand
up and pot away at him—provided, of
course, that he used both guns. And here
was this little urchin, backing away with
each kick of the guns, making an heroic at-
tempt to kill four men—succeeding only in
breaking a large amount of valuable glass
and antiques.

  He kept pulling the triggers. A crock-
ery vase smashed to bits; a leaded pane in
the stained glass window burst into a
thousand cracks like a spider’s web; a
Peruvian jug split in half with a shower
of red wine. Then abruptly, Tim Hollo-
way’s two guns snicked on empty shells.
His heroic role was over. There was a
sudden silence, an exhilarating smell of
powder and spilled wine in everyone’s nos-
trils; a tangle of smoke lifting upward over
the candles which, flickering in the series of
percussions, again resumed their pallid ver-
tical flames.

  Again McCorkle’s roar burst into the
silence. He bellowed in his laughter like
an ox.

  “ Here you, Parson!” he cried, pointing
to Cameron, “ take this swob’s iron and
keep him covered!”

  Parson obeyed, going up to the landing,
and standing guard over the disarmed and
helpless Cameron.

  “ No, don’t kill him,” McCorkle advised.
“ No killin’ unless expressly called for.
We’ll save him. He might know where
some treasure’s hid. We can break his legs
—sure! But no wanton killin’ as the sayin’
goes.”

  McCorkle thumped down the stairs, and,
with tremendous shoulders and mountain-

ous belly still rolling in chuckles, he crossed
the room toward Tim Holloway.

  Tim stood very much disillusioned with
his role of two-gun man. He sniffed in
anger and embarrassment, wiping his nose
with his sleeve. He crouched as the giant
McCorkle approached him, as if threatening
to spring at the man’s throat.

  “ You lay a hand on me, you pot-bellied
lubber, and I’ll tear your liver out with
me bare hands!” Tim’s hair gave the
definite effect of bristling.

  “ Zowie! but he’s got a bit of spirit—
this little wharf rat! ” McCorkle roared with
delight. “ Now then, my little cocky, let
me have them irons!”

  “ Avast there, or I’ll let you have ’em
athwart yer chin!”

   McCorkle reached for the boy, gathered a
fistful of his costume and tossed him into
the air. Catching him again by one leg he
held him upside down, giving him a good
shaking. He not only shook out the two
guns from his grasp, but likewise an aston-
ishing shower of cartridges that had been
stowed away in every part of his costume.

  “ So help me God, you’ll pay dearly for
this!” Tim cried when he was again set
upon his feet. “ Tim Holloway never for-
gets! ”

  He yanked viciously at his shirt which
had worked up in a tangle about his arm-
pits. * Whoever ye are, ye’ll never smell
grass again—not if I know it! Ye can
lay to that!” He pulled down his sleeves,
and took another hitch in his belt. “ I’ll
never forget—not till me dyin’ day, so
help me!”

  In between his incontinent guffaws, the
ponderous McCorkle managed to say:

“ Damned if he ain’t built after me own
heart! Just the sort I’ve always wanted
for to pipe me up in the mornin’—for to .
whistle for a breeze when the weather 1
ain’t makin’. He’d be a mascot to bring
good luck to any ship, b’God! Come on,
Puss-in-boots, I’m goin’ to sign ye up.
Thought I’d have to bump you off into hell
—where that scruffer up there’s goin’—”
he pointed a turtle-shelled thumb towards
Cameron—“ but I’m goin’ to save ye.
Ye’re too good to bump off. Ye’re a little
treasure—that’s what! And I’m goin’ to
264

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

save you—” he burst out again in an up-
roarious jeer—“ and make a two-gun man
out’n ye! ”

  McCorkle looked around the room—
again the undisputed master of the scene.
The interlude had slightly delayed him in
his work of burglarizing the old chateau—
but what of that? Until now the game had
been utterly lacking in adventure and ex-
citement, except, it might be added, for
those brain-heating swigs of the chatelaine’s
liquor. Now excitement had come in
earnest. Contrary to his first intent, Mc-
Corkle concluded that he would have to do
some killing; and the thought, together with
the intoxication of the wine, gladdened him.

  They all waited in an expectant and om-
inous silence for his command. He looked
about at the attentive anxious faces. Dor-
set had made bold to come from out the
protection of that arras. He stood with
feverish and frightened eyes—his mouth
pursed in the pride of his recent felicitous
stroke: that shot of his had solved all of
his master’s problems.

  “A good trick, Dorset!” the chief com-
mented—as his eye fell upon the ragged
figure and the ghastly grinning face. “ But
if you hadn’t been so crazy scairt from the
first, you wouldn’t have missed your man.
Come here. Let’s see your hand.”

  Hesitant and shy, the cockney engineer
presented himself before his skipper,
“ Hold out your hand.” Dorset held it out
as if expecting the extraordinary honor of
shaking with the great McCorkle. “ Just
as I thought!” McCorkle sneered. “ Shakin’
like a flyin’ jib! Faugh! All right. You
watch the women and children. That’s
all you’re good for when you ain’t stowed
away in the lugger, greasin’ up the mule.”

  He pointed over his shoulder at the
chatelaine. “ Git that old flat-footed dame
there to set down. She’s makin’ me crazy.
And lock the ole black up in that thar
closet. He can’t do no harm, but the room’s
gettin’ hot. If he stays on deck any more
we’ll all dither off in a faint for want of
air!”

  Dorset obeyed, herding the negro into
the china closet. The door was slammed
upon him. The old chatelaine sat down,
and Dorset took his position as their guard.

  “Now then!” McCorkle turned his at-
tention to the most important matter at
hand—to the only source of actual physical
danger—that man who had attempted the
humanly impossible feat of holding up an
armed gang.

  Cameron sat on the stair landing with a
slight stream of red clotting his forehead.
Pale, and yet fully possessed of his strength
and senses, he presented a defiant and sav-
age picture. Parson, the octoroon, stood,
crouching anxiously over him with a
gun muzzle not two feet away from his
chest.

  “ Leave me put this lubber out of the
way, Chief,” Parson counseled. “ He ain’t
a pleasant lookin’ customer. First thing
you know we’ll have another fight on our
hands—which we ain’t got time! ”

  “ Do ’em all in—that’s my advice! ” little
Dorset cried. “ Here yer’ve got me wiv
three of these balmies on me hands. Cos
why? BTime me if I know. Shoot’ em orl
dahn—every one. No, I ain’t afraid of
this ole gel here—nor of the black, nor of
the little codger. But any one of ’em will
pop the daisy on us if we let ’em live. Kill
’em all. Dead men tell no tyles!”

  McCorkle, already in his cups, settled
back in the cathedral chair while his three
ministers of state discussed this matter. Ac-
cording to his inveterate custom he held his
peace whenever there was any discussion.
Whenever his men proposed, he would dis-
pose.

  He looked to the ancient and the worldly-
wise seaman, Wing, who as yet had offered
no advice.

  Inasmuch as Wing’s main concern was
the immediate acquisition of treasure, he
was not so much obsessed with the fear of
State’s prison. If they massacred every one-
in the house, there was the possibility that
no one would ever know where the bulk of
the Lafitte and Raiglon treasure was hid-
den.

  “ Keep ’em alive,” he said curtly. “ Tor-
ture ’em till they tell us where every cop-
per’s hid. Give me my share and I’m
through! ”

  “ Through is it—wiv his bloody ’ands
washed! Yuss! Just as I thought!” Dor-
set cried. “ I stays here tied to the apron
BUCCANEER BLOOD.

265

strings of this old baggage—and wiv a little
snipe a-kickin’ of me shins. And that rot-
ten old negro besides. Yuss. A jolly
evenin’ for me—ain’t it. While old Wing
—blitherin’ softy that he is—ransacks the
’ouse and makes orf with any swag he finds!
Kill ’em—I tell yer! Shoot ’em dahn—all
three of ’em—as well as that codger up
there!”

  “Dorset’s right, captain!” the octoroon
counseled. “ Here’s this house full of
treasure waitin’ to snatch, and we’ve spent
the night palaverin’. Leave me blow this
man’s brains out—here and now.”

  <£ Dorset ain’t right. He’s scairt to death
—and wants to murder every one in sight! ”
Wing said. “ And the same for you, Par-
son—bein’ you’ve got enough negro blood
in yer to make yer yellow. Ain’t nothin’ to
be scairt of. Git the swag now—and in a
hurry—that’s my advice, captain.”

  Captain McCorkle took a swig and
belched—unmistakable signals to the men
to hold their peace, and listen to his pro-
nunciamiento.

  “ Dorset and Parson is both right.”

  This had its effect—it was a grim sen-
tence. Cameron heard the softly uttered
words from the height of the stair-
landing. He made'a gesture—stopped by
the steel muzzle now poked against his nude
chest. The chatelaine’s face showed a
dreadful—an implacable pallor.

  “ But while we go through the house,
Dorset stays guard,” McCorkle continued.
“ Wing ain’t a fool. We can’t go aboard
of ’em all at once. It’s the last of the
Raiglon race—and 'there may be secrets.
Wing is right.”

  Wing stood, his white but sea-stained
head nodding in the full halo of the can-
delabrum.

  “ Now that gentleman up thar—” Mc-
Corkle said pointing his thumb at Cameron.
“ Yes, yes! H’m! We can’t keep our cake
—and eat it—can we now? He goes. But
first a few questions of a personal nature is
to be axed and answered. Then the hya-
cinths will take care of his carcass.”

  The chatelaine, still remaining calm be-
fore the insolent and hideous little Dorset
who stood guard at her elbow, cast an im-
ploring glance upward, as if to plead not

before God, but before the six Raiglons up
there in the gloom of the walls.

  “ Then there’s one thing else,” McCorkle
added. “ As we was sayin’ there’s a little
gal driftin’ around somewheres. We must
get her in tow. Otherwise we run afoul of
her in the dark. No tellin’ what a Raiglon
gal will do.”

  “ Then for the loot—ay, captain?” Wing
prompted excitedly.

  McCorkle took another swig, and looked
up—following the gaze of the old chate-
laine. His brow furrowed. Then, as if
musing to himself, he concluded his judg-
ment.

  “ As for this here house—there ain’t no
man who’ll swear by his soul that this
house is standin’. If it waren’t standin’ to-
morrow who is there to ax questions? No-
body. Good! To-night when the loot’s
out—when these here prisoners is stowed
away in some glory-hole below—” Mc-
Corkle paused before finishing his sentence.
He wanted to make sure that every one in
the room heard. There was no doubt about
the tensity with which they listened to each
word. Even the chatelaine’s eyes dropped
—and met his.

  “ I said to-night,” he concluded, “ the
house burns.”

  The old chatelaine of the Raiglon house
looked up again to her gods. “ Witness
this tragedy!” she might have prayed to
them. “ You wielded your power against
mightier and nobler enemies. Do you look
down upon this waterfront scum besmirch-
ing the remnants of your house? Is your
glorious power vanished forever? Are you
mere shadows? Will you frown, will you
grin, will you forever threaten to lift your
swords and do nothing? Come down to
us, fighters, seamen, Raiglons!”

  These were the unuttered thoughts of the
ancient lady. The actual, spoken words
were coming from McCorkle—a smooth
soft sentence, slightly slurred by drink.

  “ Come below, skipper, and stand by.
We’ll attend to you first.”

  In response to this command, Cameron
got to his feet. He was about to start down
the stairs, when he saw a very peculiar
change come over McCorkle’s face. The
266

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

bushy black brows lifted, the red-veined
eyes bulged, the pudgy lips opened.

  Cameron looked around at the faces of
the others: Dorset had craned his long
neck, showing a gulping Adam’s apple. His
cavernous, narrow-set eyes lit with a pecu-
liar fire.

  •	Wing’s white head stopped nodding—a
very intense gesture. The octoroon who
was at Cameron’s side turned about and
looked over his shoulder towards the dim
shadows above.

  The chatelaine, seated until now in a
Buddhistic contemplation of her gods, gave
evidence for the first time that evening, of
an appalling fright.

  It was clear enough—this change of look
and attitude of every one in the room.
Jacqueline was coming down the stairs!

  She was coming—totally unschooled in
villainy—to cast her power, whatever it
was, in the balance of that night’s combat.
She had a power that, wielded by many
women in the past, had won battles. She
had the blood of great fighters coursing in
her veins. She had a beauty compounded
not only of the enchantment of girlhood—
but of a long race of Circes.

  Cameron turned around, impulsively in-
tent upon warning her to flee. But it was
too late. She came.

  McCorkle saw the slender fragile hand
lifting the edge of her robe—she had thrown
some sort of embroidered garment about
her—a dazzling flame of color. Dorset’s
long jaw dropped as the gold slipper flashed
in a ray of light, with a gleam of a high
and delicate instep and the pale skin of an
ankle. Parson’s muddy eyes widened as
he saw the wax-like shoulder emerging from
the dark, as if floating from fathomless
depths of black water into the soft green
sunlight just below the surface. Thus were
the paintings of the Raiglons eternally
emerging from their shadows.

  She descended to the landing where
Cameron was waiting, and there she stood,
beautiful, flaming with a coquettish scorn.

  Her ancient grandam saw her, and she
stood up, clasping gnarled and mummified
hands. She had prayed to her gods—those
six presences—to save the remnants of
their earthly kingdom.

 And from the darkness above—which
they inhabited—they sent . down this
avenger!

CHAPTER XXIL
Jacqueline's wiles.

  AS she stood on that stair landing, Jac-
queline was on a level with the por-
traits of her ancestors. This was per-
haps the reason why McCorkle noticed the
similarity between her features and the fea-
tures of her ancestors. The faces of those
portraits, grim and menacing, had imprinted
themselves deeply upon McCorkle’s mind.
They haunted him. Although he did not
look at them now—such was the intentness
with which he stared at the girl—he saw
those lineaments dimly reflected in this one
living and lovely face. All the grimness
and cruelty of those visages had been ren-
dered down into a composite of rare beauty.

  Before any one spoke, a thought passed
through McCorkle’s mind. It was a thought
which seemed to tickle his risibilities. His
swollen paunch, sagging over the tightly
drawn belt, began to ripple, sending a suc-
cession of chuckles into his throat. Till
now7 he had been actually afraid of the third
occupant of the Raiglon mansion—the girl.
This was the dreadful unknown quantity,
whom he had pictured hiding in one of
those dark rooms, ready to kill whoever
came too near her! He had expected to
see another woman built on the heroic lines
of Madame Raiglon and with the added
danger of youth! Here instead he saw this
little shadow of a being—this spirit. His
guffaws rolled out. The very gusts of his
breath might have been enough to blow
her away—so McCorkle felt—as you blow
out a candle flame.

  “ So this is the jane I thought was goin’
to stick a knife athwart our backs—ay
mates?” he laughed. “ A jane? No that
ain’t quite the word. A queen’s more
like it! ”

  “ A Lulu, says I! ” the undersized Dorset
piped up gleefully.

  u Shut up, you little skunk!” McCorkle
growled. “ When it comes to women there’s
only one thing to say to such as you—and
BUCCANEER BLOOD.

267

that’s ‘ Belay!’ And you, too, Wing, you’ll
break your neck star in’ thataway. Avast
there, Parson! Stand off! This here’s a
state occasion.”

  McCorkle lumbered up to his feet.
“ Now, then, lady, I’m greetin’ yer. Here’s
lookin’ at yer! Come down to me, and ole
McCorkle will show ’em how a lady had
orter be treated! No! Belay! What the
hell are you doin’, Parson!”

  For some reason or other the sight of
Parson standing up there on one side of the
girl, and about to offer her his arm, incited
McCorkle to a fit of white-hot rage. Par-
son was an octoroon. Parson was an
escaped criminal. He was the offspring of
the tidewater scum of Baton Rouge! And
here finding himself on a grand staircase
with a beautiful woman, he proposed to
blossom out as a gentleman! McCorkle
never realized the boundlessness of his hate
for this man Parson. “ You damned,
kinky-headed swine! You lousy half-
breed! You sweatin’, yellow-blooded Afri-
can! So you think you can give your arm
to a lady cornin’ down the stairs—is it!”
McCorkle roared. He had an honest opin-
ion that the very touch of Parson’s hand
would be an insult to the girl.

  McCorkle indeed felt the necessity of
etiquette, of a finely conducted ceremony.
The ancient house had its effect upon him.
He was not in a barroom. He was in the
presence of the elite. Those superbly arro-
gant ancestors were watching him. If he
had not been drunk he would have had the
disagreeable feeling that he was an un-
washed hog let loose in a splendid banquet
hall. Being drunk, he felt adequately
equipped to meet the situation. Parson was
an eighth black, and hence belonged to the
same caste as the negro butler. Dorset
w.as so covered with the grease of his mule
engine that he besmirched any thing he
touched. Wing was a palsied inebriate.
There was only one gentleman of that quar-
tette—and that was McCorkle himself.

  Jacqueline was frightened at what she
saw. The four together—and so close to
her—were far more terrifying than the dis-
tant view she had had from over the balus-
trade upstairs. She put out her hands im-
pulsively and clung to Cameron’s arm.

  That was the picture: the octoroon
whipped into his place, slinking to the back-
ground, a gun still in his hand, bearing
upon the back of Cameron. Then, out in
the light, was the full length figure of
Cameron, his wet pirate garb clinging to
his superb and supple body, his head low-
ered like a beast driven to bay and threat-
ening a last stand with its mate. By her
momentary qualm the girl had melted into
the picture of which Cameron was the
dominant figure.

  “ So ho!” McCorkle cried, surprised
enough, but not baffled. “ He’s good enough
to take yer arm—ain’t he now! Whoever
he is with them rags on, I don’t know.
Can’t guess. But he’s fit to be your part-
ner—ain’t he? Even though he’s a pris-
oner! He won’t be fit ten minutes from
now to be the partner of nobody! Lay to
that, my pretty! ”

  The incongruity of the situation appealed
to McCorkle. It was dramatic; it was
grim. Here was a beautiful lady on the
arm of a condemned man. Her partner’s
life—so McCorkle said to himself—would
not last as long as a single one of the can-
dles in that candelabrum at the opposite
end of the table. Cameron, being con-
demned to die, had assumed a certain fas-
cination. McCorkle was delighted with the
sight of both—the beautiful girl, and the
man whom he was about to torture and
kill. He took a swig, gulping, holding his
glass as if to drink their health. He could
not help but thrill at the splendid picture.

  “Two Creoles, b’God! Both of ’em!”
he cried. “ Come on down—escort her to
the table, skipper. That’s the way!
You’re a Creole born—whatever y’are—or
whatever them rags is supposed to mean.
Parson—you half-breed skunk—stand by!
Not too close to ’em. Don’t let her get a
whiff of ye! Dorset, belay grinnin’ or I’ll
knock out yer teeth! Off with yer cap thar
Wing and stand by!”

They came down. With her hand upon
that knotted arm, the girl felt a new power
within her—a reassurance. She had al-
ready tasted of the strength of that arm.
Physically, spiritually, they must be
stronger than these fulsome beasts. Physi-
cally because of Cameron; spiritually be-
268

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

cause of the six gods looking down upon
them. As she stepped down those stairs,
she looked at McCorkle with scathing con-
tempt. She was flushed, hot with pride
and anger. She spoke to Cameron in a
trembling whisper.

  “ They shall not harm you!”

  “They shall not harm you!” he re-
peated. “ Be brave. I can fight!”

  “You are stronger than they—than any
man. They can not stand up against you.”
“ No! Have courage. Once I can lay
my hand upon a weapon—”

  “ There shall be time. I myself can see
to that. There shall be time—and to
spare.”

  “ Or if—” he went on dropping to a
scarcibly audible whisper and without turn-
ing to her—“ if they themselves were with-
out anns—”

  “ Yes, then you could prevail with
ease—”

  He was whispering just as he led her to
the floor: “ For your sake—”

  They stood before McCorkle.

  With the vivid illusion that he was a
courtier enacting a splendid and graceful
ceremony, the hulking and steaming Mc-
Corkle bowed. Retaining this position—a
difficult one because of his mountainous bel-
ly, he thrust out his hand with a gesture
that was not without a certain reptilian
grace. Fat men, it is generally admitted,
perform with a brevity of movement, of ex-
ertion. McCorkle was static, but when he
moved a limb—one was reminded of an ele-
phant’s trunk. He had reached out to take
the girl’s hand.

  The old chatelaine saw this. She had
arisen from her chair and stood grasping it
—now finding herself tossed about in a hur-
ricane of fears and emotions. How simple
it had been to keep her equanimity when
she faced her enemies alone! How differ-
ent it was now that she was a spectator and
her daughter was facing the same pack of
beasts!

  Jacqueline was facing a different sort of
crisis. Would she meet it—the chatelaine
asked herself—as became her blood? Had
those Raiglons of old passed down their
heritage from one generation to the other
in vain? Was there yet a strain of that im-

  maculate courage in the blood of a Raiglon
woman? Just how much of the wiles, the
cunning, the wisdom of those old pirate
brides had been bequeathed to this Jac-
queline who had ever been kept from any
touch of sin?

  The wrinkled grandam watched. There
was only one course open now. No force
was left. Subterfuges, evasions, the
finesse and trickery of a beautiful girl—that
was the only course of salvation!

  Jacqueline put out her hand laying the
tips of her fingers upon the tattooed fist Mc-
Corkle had thrust before her. That ges-
ture had been taught her well. Perhaps
she did it now through an instinctive fear,
as one might avoid recoiling from a dan-
gerous looking dog who is licking one’s
hand.

  McCorkle, of course, steaming like a tre-
mendous side of pork, mocked the pre-
scribed gesture of a courtier and kissed her
fingers.

  Instead of withdrawing her hand, the girl
said sweetly: “ Monsieur is so gentil!”

  “ I’m what?”

  Parson, who was part Cajan, inter-
preted: “The mademoiselle is shinin’ up
to you, captain.”

  One side of McCorkle’s mouth grinned.

  “ Be yourself, gal! Be yourself! Come
over here—and set down. We’ll have a
drink together. Ay—no? Still clinging to
that sea-cook? Clutchin’ his sleeve agin—
ay? Don’t do that. Don’t be a barnacle
to a sinkin’ ship. You see this here candle?”
She saw his thumb with its thick nail, like
a turtle-shell. “ When that candle bums
down to here your gentleman-friend will
sink!” McCorkle flopped into his chair.
“ Don’t be a barnacle! Cast off there!”

  The girl came alone to the table.

  “ Set down here next to me!”

  She obeyed. McCorkle turned to Cam-
eron with an expression of grim amusement.

  “ Now then, skipper, we’ll leave you
watch the proceedings. I want you over
there abaft them candles with the light on
your face—so’s you can see ’em burn!”
He called to the impatient Wing: “ Here
you droolin’ lubber fasten this gentleman’s
arms to that there stanchion.” He pointed
to one of the posts of the grand staircase.
BUCCANEER BLOOD.

269

  Tim Holloway watched this unspeakable
humiliation of his heroic master.

  “ You lay a hand on him, you swob-
head,” he yelled to Wing, “ and I’ll tear
out your liver with me bare hands!”

  “ So ho!” McCorkle bellowed in laugh-
ter—“ the little cabin-boy agin, ay? Stands
up for his skipper! Damned fine! If you’re
that sort, me little squawlin’ terrier, I’ll
make you Captain McCorkle’s cabin-boy!”
What a sacrilege! Tim shook his whit-
ened fist. “ Think I’m goin’ to be your
cabin-boy, you blowsy scruffer?” he cried.
“ You ain’t no captain—lest it’s for some
tidewater flat boat! There’s my captain—
and it’s from him Tim Holloway will take
orders—not for no blunt-bowed saggin’
bargeman the likes of you!”

  McCorkle’s humor was slightly irritated.
“ Very well then—if you’re his cabin-boy
you can join him. Wing, make this little
yapdoodle fast again that other stanchion.
One on each side of that there compan-
ionway.

  Wing obeyed, taking the kicking, claw-
ing Tim by the scruff of the neck and ty-
ing him on the corresponding post on the
opposite side of the grand stairway.

  McCorkle looked around. There was
still one other person who had not been
properly disposed of—the old chatelaine.

  “ Madame,” he said with mock gracious-
ness. “ Bein’ you’re a perfect lady—and
well on in years—I don’t want to shock
you with the sight of what’s goin’ to hap-
pen. Suppose you stow yourself in that
there closet till the storm’s blow’d over.”
“In there, monsieur!” the grandam ex-
claimed. She saw Jacqueline pale with
anger at this indignity, and she saw Wing
and Dorset approach to force her in if she
disobeyed.

  “ Who are you, monsieur, to give me this
order?” she asked in a blaze of wrath.

  “ He’s a blitherin’ pot-bellied sea cook!”
Tim Holloway cried from his post.

  “Stow that gaff!” McCorkle roared.
“ Bind that kid athwart his mouth with his
bandanna! He’s gettin’ me crazy!”

  Parsons carried out this order, removing
the crowning pirate touch of Tim’s figure—
the bandanna swathed about his skull—and
wrapping it across his mouth.

  “There—that’s better!” McCorkle said
•with considerable relief. “ He don’t look
so brave now—but he sounds better!” He
turned to the chatelaine: “ You still layin’
to? Thought I told you to git!”

  “I will go, monsieur,” the old woman
said proudly—fearing the humiliation of
being handled by Wing and Dorset. “ But
do not forget, monsieur, for whatever you
do in this house, you will have to account
to them!” She pointed to the hovering and
watchful ancestors, and then passing the
door which Wing opened for her, she sub-
mitted to her imprisonment.

  McCorkle was now in a position to enjoy
himself. The old chatelaine and her serv-
ant were safely stowed away in a closet;
Cameron was bound to a post on one side of
the grand staircase, with the gagged little
urchin on the other. The only inmate of
the household now who was neither bound
nor imprisoned was the girl.

  The first desire in McCorkle’s mind was
to impress this girl with his bravado and
deviltry, what better way to do this than
to give her the supreme thrill of seeing
Cameron shot down? McCorkle wiped the
sweat out of his eyes.

  “You see that gentleman over there?”
he asked pleasantly. “ Look at him sharp
because you’ll see somethin’! It’ll be a
show worth seeing—this derelict ship set-
tling Always a great sight to see the last
minutes of a wreck. And in particular if
this young skipper is your—” McCorkle’s
eyes narrowed— “ Tell me this first: is he
your man?”

  It was of course a time to lie. Cameron
knew it. The girl herself knew it. She
must not turn McCorkle’s drunken jealousy
upon Cameron, when but a moment before
it had blazed so hysterically upon the octo-
roon, Parson.

  “ How can that be, monsieur?” she asked
blandly.

  “ Then what is he to you?”

  “To me? How can he be anything to
Jacqueline, monsieur?”

  “ Then what the devil is he doing in this
house? I thought they was only three peo-
ple in this house. How come he breezes
in with all sails set and tries to stick me
up?”
270

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  Jacqueline recalled the sinister suggest
tion McCorkle had made about torturing
the inmates of the house into divulging the
hiding place of the Raiglon treasure. From
this at least she could save Cameron.

  “ I have never seen this man before this
very moment, monsieur.”

  This seemed to break a terrific tension.
McCorkle lit his pipe and puffed a cloud
of strong smoke.

  “ Never seen him afore this—ay? H’m!
Well, how come then.he wanted to shoot us
all down?”

  “ He came out of the swamps, monsieur,”
the girl said masterfully. “ Probably a devil
—such as they say haunts this place.”
McCorkle chuckled knowingly. “ Very
likely! Except that I had a go with him—
up there on the landin’, and found he was
made of flesh and bones and good hard mus-
cle. It’s likely he’s a devil out’n the
swamps. Oh, yes! He’s a devil, all righto!”
“ Beggin’ your pardon, capting,” Dorset
said in his soft humble voice, “ I don’t want
to .interrupt yer conversation with the Iydy;
but I got some information on that very
point. Wing comes to me when I was
aboard the lugger, sayin’ as how you want-
ed me. I comes, hides behind that ’anging,
and I fires at this here gentleman in ques-
tion. You know how I shoots, capting.
Never misses, I don’t. It’s my opinion
that I got him in the mouth—and that it
didn’t phase him.”

  McCorkle bellowed in laughter.

  “ Oh, yuss, larff!” Dorset forgot his hu-
mility. “ But you don’t know wot hap-
pened to me afore Wing fetched me. I was
on the lugger waitin’ in the mist, when
out’n the swamps there comes a pirate like
them pictures on the walls. Rises, y’might
say, floatin’ toward me. And then, s’help
me God, he jumps me! Yuss, devils can
tear you up same as any humans. Least-
wise this one could. Then bindin’ me ’ands,
he goes below, rifles the lockers of car-
tridges, comes above, and by that time a
fore-and-aft rigged vessel comes sailin’
out’n the dark with the little cove aboard—
the snipe as I’ve just locked up behind this
door. That’s wot’s happened to me, cap-
ting, since I seen you larst. And all-in-all,
it looks like wot this here gel says is right.

You’re dealin’ wiv the devil hisself, if I
know anything.”

  “ I ain’t listenin’ to no hophead’s yarn,”
McCorkle sneered. “ If the man’s cruisin’
around here with that pirate rig on he can
trick drunks and women—but not ole Mc-
Corkle. He swiped that ammunition from
us, did he? Well, I’ll do a little swipin’,
too. I’ll give him a swipe with a bit of
lead athwart his guts!”

  “ You can not harm him!” the girl said
in a calm voice.

  “What the hell!” McCorkle cried turn-
ing to her. “ Can’t harm him—ay? I’ll
show you—”

  “He’s invulnerable!” she said.

  “ Oh, yes! Invulnerable! No doubt about
that!” McCorkle laughed. “But you
just look here. Do you see this here hand
of mine?” He held up a pistol with the
muzzle pointed directly across the table to-
ward Cameron’s chest. “ Is my hand trem-
bling?” The girl saw the thick leathery skin
drawn tightly across his knuckles. A
dragon was tattooed on it—writhing in the
thick hair.

  “ Not a shiver to that hand, is there, me
gal? One little touch of that trigger finger
and your devil sinks back to hell’s fire
where he hails from! Look here—are you
watchin’?” I squeeze the trigger slow—
without movin’ another muscle in me hand!
Look at me, I tell you. Why the hell don’t
you look?”

  He watched the girl through the corners
of his eyes. McCorkle wanted an audience
for this dramatic ceremony. He was inher-
ently a conceited man, this fat, lumbering
waterfront drunk. He liked the adulation
of his henchmen. And they supplied the
demand. He liked the adulation of women
-any women-but particularly one like this
girl beside him. He was strutting for her.
The prairie cock was lifting his feather
tufts, raising his tail, spreading and droop-
ing his wings. But the girl—in the man-
ner of prairie hens, was uninterested! At
least she was uninterested in him!

  McCorkle’s eyes bulged till they turned
yellowish. What was she doing? Actually
smiling—her lips curling, her white cheeks
dimpling—a smile that reflected all the se-
duction, the witchery, the wiles, ever used
BUCCANEER BLOOD.

271

  by a Raiglon woman—or any woman in
  the history of the world!

    It was a smile that any man would have
  died for—but McCorkle saw that it was not
  bestowed upon him!

    It was bestowed upon that man whom
  McCorkle hated more than any one else in
  the world—the octoroon!

    And the octoroon was reciprocating in
  dumb and fearful adoration.

CHAPTER XXIII.

“ FIGHT FOR ME.”

  AFLAME had been kindled—slow but
  consuming—a flame that would
  spread if not with rapidity, with cer-
  tainty of enveloping everything it touched.
  The egoistic brute man, childish and cruel,
  was afire with those two passions either one
  of which could have made him mad in his
  drink—the passions of love and hate.

     As if standing too close to that fierce
  heat, the octoroon, a sensual and slow-
  thinking man, caught fire. The girl was
  staring at him, her forehead blushing, her
  eyes shining. Astonishing, of course—but
  then again, why was it? Was it not pos-
  sible—so Parson reflected—that this girl
  saw* something in him which all other wom-
  en had missed? She was a savage little
  creature, jio doubt, of a savage race, kept
  away from all contact of men and civiliza-
  tion. Of the men there—Parson, McCor-
  ^kle, Wing, Dorset and that fellow in the ri-
  diculous pirate garb—who would be the one
  most likely to appeal to a woman of her na-
  ture? A man of stature and strength, a
  man with the swarthy complexion of those
  paintings on the wall; in other words—
  Parson himself!

    He had a claim upon the girl. She in-
  vited it. He would not stand by—without
  fighting.

    McCorkle looked up at him. The chief
  was seated, gun in hand, leaning across the
  table. Parson was standing, not far away
  from the prisoner, Cameron. Yes, the flame
  wras slow, venomous, spreading, like the blue
  flame which spreads across spilled alcohol.
  It went up into the octoroon’s peculiar slate-
  colored eyes.

  McCorkle saw the light there. It was a
new experience to be glared at thus by a
half-breed, because of the smile of a white
woman.

  That smile under ordinary circumstances
would have meant little—perhaps nothing.
But in this situation it meant everything.
The girl was helpless—the prey of any one
of the four renegades who wanted to take
the trouble to pack her off to the lugger.
To old Wing this was, of course, the limit
of folly. As soon as he saw the girl he knew
that trouble was coming. It generally came
after the loot was divided. In old days it
was a mere matter of casting dice for some
screaming, clawing Mexican wench, and
that was all there was to it. But here ap-
parently their chief McCorkle had forgot-
ten all about the business at hand which
was to get Cameron out of the way, and
then ransack the house. Parson also had
forgotten the main issue. Both men were
glaring at each other in a duel of glances,
the ferocity of which that old sea-dog WTing
had never seen equalled in his sixty years
of piracy.

  Yes, McCorkle was going to shoot his
henchman Parson down. There was little
doubt about that. Parson himself saw it.
And McCorkle knew that he saw it!

  That was the trouble. The hulking brute,
sitting there with his ponderous greasy el-
bow on the ancient linen tablecloth, and a
six-gun balanced in his hand, was afraid.
Parson, having been set as the particular
guard over the dangerous Cameron—was
standing also with a gun in hand!

  “ Parson, from the look in your eye,
which I ain’t never seen there afore to-
night, I figures you’re aimin’ for to pull
off somethin’ powerful impolite.”

  “ I reckon you ain’t callin’ me a kinky-
headed swine agin, sir?” Parson said.

  Wing shook his head excitedly. Dorset
let out a low groan as if some one had
kicked him. Cameron stood with arms fold-
ed, still facing death at the point of Mc-
Corkle’s gun. His heart leaped within him,
but no change of expression came to his
face. In the moment’s silence a silvery
laugh came from the throat of Jacqueline.

  McCorkle tensed every muscle. The
laugh had cut into him like a dagger.
272

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  The octoroon echoed the laugh—breath-
lessly—showing a gleam of even white teeth
through his thick lips.

  “ You reckon I ain’t doing what?” Mc-
Corkle almost whispered.

  “ I said I reckoned you ain’t callin’ me
a kinky-headed swine again.”

  “ Oh, I ain’t, ain’t I? Well, maybe I
am!”

  “ I don’t hear you.”

  Never was there a more beautiful obbli-
gato than Jacqueline’s laugh offsetting the
husky whisper, the guttural taunt.

  “ It comes to me mind, Parson, that you
been gettin’ a better balance on that ’er
weapon which you holds in your hand.
When you got a nice holt, ready to smash
me, you’d like for me to call you some-
thin’, wouldn’t you now? So’s you’d have
an excuse to shoot down your chief?”

  “ I don’t hear you callin’ me nothin’,
sir.”

  “ Be careful not to move that thar gun,
Parson. My hand’s ready. You’ve seen
this here hand of mine juggle afore this
many a time?”

  “ My own hand ain’t exactly like mo-
lasses, sir.”

  McCorkle’s breath came in puffs. His
forehead beaded with blinks of sweat. A
silvery laugh was ringing within him, vi-
brating, shaking some nerve excruciatingly,
as a sound wave will shake a taut wire. He
was going to show that girl how he treated
his men. He had waited to perform for
her—showing her what punishment he
could inflict when there was the slightest in-
fringement upon his rule or dignity. And
now he was given a chance—more than he
had bargained for.

It was his uppermost motive—to show
her. But here when the chance offered,
he found that detestable half-breed facing
him with a gun, and actually taunting him.
And the girl was laughing!

  Without taking his eye from the octo-
roon, he said: “ Wing, shag over there
alongside of him, and frisk his gun.”

  “ Why do you order him to do that,
chief?” Parson asked loudly, menacingly.
“ Disarm me? For why? Will I stand here
and leave you pump lead into me—just to
show that thar mademoiselle how brave you

are? Hell no! Show her how you can
shoot down this gentleman—” he nodded
to Cameron—•“ but notjhow you shoot down
Parson! ”

  “You will give your gun to Wing, Par-
son,” McCorkle said quietly. That tone
was always obeyed in past arguments. “ I
figure you want to take a little pot at me—
which delays our evenin’s work. Surrender
your gun—or I’ll call it mutiny.”

  The octoroon found himself in a quand-
ary. His master was resorting to an au-
thority which for many years had been re-
spected not only by Wing and Dorset, but
by Parson himself.

  “ ’ Tain’t mutiny, sir,” Parson said in a
totally different voice. “ It’d be plain mur-
der if I gives this here gun up. They’s too
many prisoners here which had orter been
shot long afore this. Why the hell don’t
you shoot some of them? No, you want for
to shoot me, sir—because of that woman.
High yaller you calls me, don’t you? Cre-
ole, that’s what I am! And I ain’t yaller
in the guts—like some tidewater skippers.
This here gun stays in my hand, for to
protect myself agin you, chief.”

  Wing did not step too close to the octo-
roon in his first intent to obey McCorkle’s
order. He found himself, however, in the
position of a mediator.

  “ Did we-all come to get treasure, mates,
or did we come here to knife each other over
some flat-footed woman. Which a woman
spells shipwreck no matter who nor where
nor when!- I knew damned well what sor.t
of weather was makin’, chief, when you
got soused and we found a gal in the
house! Well and good! I’m satisfied. The
gal—she belongs to you, chief.”

  He turned to Parson, shaking his bony
finger at the blue lips, the tightened eyes.
“ You hear what I’m sayin’, Parson? That
ain’t because you’re part negro, no sir. I
ain’t intimatin’ that. It’s because the chief
alius gets first choice of the women. Not
only in our gang, but in every gang in the
world. That’s settled. She’s hisn—and
good riddance if she got stowed away some-
wheres afore a typhoon blows us all to
hell!”

  This speech was extraordinarily success-
ful in relieving the deadly tensity. Dorset

' 7 A
BUCCANEER BLOOD.

273

relaxed perceptibly. Parson and the chief
shrugged their shoulders, muttered oaths,
looked at each other as if waiting to see
who would put away his gun first.

  But there was one other person in the
room who refused to accept Wing’s speech
as a solution. Jacqueline was turning over
a phrase or two of that cracked old voice:
“ She’s hisn—That’s settled—The chief al-
ways gets the first choice—”

  She spoke up calmly. Her voice seemed
to come in what had been a momentary lull
in a storm.

  “ I am not his” she said.

  McCorkle’s hand fell, so that the gun
thwacked loudly on the table. “ What’s
this?” he cried. “ You say you ain’t mine?
Well, damn me, if that ain’t a hot one! I’ll
show you if you’re mine or not!”

  “ By what right, monsieur, do I belong
to any one else—but to them?” She pointed
to the Raiglon portraits.

  “ Say, look here, lady,” McCorkle said
as if speaking to a stupid little child, “ you
don’t seem to get the idea of this party.
We ain’t guests—like you seem to be pre-
tendin’. We’re outlaws. We didn’t come
here to no pink-tea party. We came for
to strip this house of anything that’s worth
a Mexican peso. And there ain’t goin' to
be anythin’ left of the house—no, nor any
humans neither—when we’re through! Oh,
yes, you’ll be left. You don’t have to worry
about bein’ shoved off into them lilies—not
you! ”

  Jacqueline, did not seem to be worried
about her fate. Nor for that matter did
the murderous threats of the chief seem to
horrify her. The rifling of the house and
the massacre of its occupants seemed to be
a more or less plausible course of events
to this Raiglon daughter. Of course she
did not condone it. But back there in her
subconscious mind, it seemed a very natural
procedure.

  “ In that case,” she said sweetly, “ I be-
long to the most courageous man.”

  “ Now you’re talkin’!” McCorkle roared,
banging the tablecloth with his fists.
“ That’s more like it! To the most
courageous, wow! Them’s your words, is
it? ' Most courageous *■—which is me!”

  “ It is possible, monsieurJacqueline re-
     8 A

plied. “ But what glorious deeds have you
committed to prove that?”

  McCorkle chuckled. “ I don’t like to cast
any bouquets at myself, lady. You ax
Captain McCorkle what he’s committed, do
you? Well, that’s hard to answer. To tell
just what crimes I ain’t committed would
be a easier way of answerin’ that there
question.”

  “ Monsieur will permit me to suggest that
crimes may be either courageous or cow-
ardly. So I have been taught by my grand-
mire.”

  “ B’God there ain’t two ways about the
crimes McCorkle commits!” the chief
shouted drunkenly.

  “ If you stood up and fired upon a man
who is himself armed—” the girl suggested
craftily—

  “ Ay, what!” the other muttered in sur-
prise. “ Damn me if I ain’t stood up
against a dozen men who was armed—”

  “ Yes, because many men are slow and
imperfect in their aim,” the girl admitted.
“ Monsieur was not afraid when that petit
whom you have imprisoned in the closet—
shot at you and your men. But there are
men who are quick and dangerous—” she
added deftly—“such as that one!” She
looked again at the hateful and arrogant
octoroon.

  McCorkle swallowed this. He had no de-
sire to resume that humiliating duel of eye
and word, with the half-breed. The half-
breed was “ dangerous and quick ” as the
girl had said. Parson and McCorkle had a
desperate respect for each other’s speed and
accuracy. That little score would be set-
tled later. Meanwhile each man could bide
his time.

  “ Why should I fire on a pal of mine?”
McCorkle asked, smiling through trembling
lips.

  “ Ah, yes, you are the gentil chief!” the
girl said. “ And yet I have a grave ques-
tion in my mind as to which of you two
gentilhommes is the braver! ”

  “ Well damn you for the sassy little bat
that you are, I’ll show you how brave old
McCorkle is! I’ll shoot down everyone in
this house—here and now. I’ll shoot down
the devil himself, if he came down and sat
at this here table! ”
274

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  “ Yes, monsieur,” the girl taunted, “ if
the devil were disarmed! ”

  The blood went to McCorkle’s eyes. He
lurched forward, emitting a string of foul
epithets, which he now directed upon this
new object of his rage—the girl. As he
reached for her with both hands as if to
rend her to pieces, his eye fell upon a
threatening and dangerous looking figure.

  Although bound, Cameron stood strain-
ing at his post, the muscles of his neck
knotting, veins swelling as if at any moment
he might free himself, leap across the table
and try his luck in a combat of bare hands
against four men who were armed.

  McCorkle strained his eyes, as if the
vision were not clear to him. In the last
few moments of violent emotional crises,
he had completely forgotten this young,
weed-slimed, pirate-clad athlete. The
girl’s hands were gripping McCorkle’s
wrist. He felt them—incredibly smooth,
soft.

  “ You forget,” she said. “ that the devil
is not armed.”

  “Ha! True enough!” the baffled and
fuming chief cried. “ You was leadin’ up
to that, wasn’t you! You little minx! You
damned glib-tongued charmer! I’m a cow-
ard if I shoot down me enemies—that’s it,
ain’t it? Got to give ’em a chanst! Well I
guess damned well not! I’ll leave Dorset
plug him, when the time comes. It does
Dorset good to do my shootin’. Always
makes him think he’s powerful ornery. Gits
his nerve back for him. McCorkle settled
back comfortably.

  The girl breathed heavily after that long
period of withholding her breath. “ As for
you, lady,” the chief resumed, “ I reckon
you’ll want me to prove I’m your man by
some ways else than shootin’ down this Mr.
Puss-in-boots, a-standin’ there made fast to
that stanchion.”

  “ Yes,” the girl replied with an attempt
at indifference. “ By standing up before
some one, monsieur, who is armed. There
is the honor of duelling for a girl’s hand—
in which case neither side has an advantage
in arms. If you want my hand, fight duels
for me! Thus, my gra.nd.mere taught me,
are ladies of our blood won or lost.”

  “ Well, I won’t back out of no proposi-

tion like that!” McCorkle said with a swag-
ger. “ Never refused a fair fight in my life
—nor a foul one for that matter. Who do
you want me to bump off?”

  “That man!”

  Again McCorkle found himself face to
face with Parson.

  “ Why that man?” McCorkle managed
to sneer. “ Duel with him? He’s a black.”
“ He is great of stature,” the girl said,
“ and he is swarthy of complexion—even as
my forefathers whose faces were bronzed by
the sea—”

  “ This cook’s face was bronzed by some
negro grandmother,” McCorkle said.

  Now that Parson’s gun was in his holster,
the chief was not constrained to choose his
words so carefully.

  “ Nevertheless, monsieur,” the girl in-
sisted, “ there is something about this lieu-
tenant of yours which I am unable to de-
scribe. I see in him something that is at
once graceful and savage—which I fail to
find in the rest of your band, even—if you
will pardon me, monsieur—in yourself.”
That was enough. McCorkle was ready
to fight anybody—and with any weapons.
His one regret was that he could not have
a nobler opponent to shoot down than this
smirking, kinky-haired, long-armed gorilla
who had never had a girl smile upon him
before in his life.

  “ Come on then, damn you for a hell-
brewin’ catamount! I’ll kill anybody—
even a half-breed—and with me bare fists,
if you want it thataway!”

  “ With swords,” the girl said.

  “ Swords—hell!” McCorkle cried. “ That
black’s too good at anything resemblin’ a
razor. Fists is what I says! ”

  “ If not swords,” Jacqueline said, “ then
let it be a duel with pistols.”

  “ That ain’t bad either!” McCorkle con-
sented.

  It was high time now—if the outcome of
past arguments had any bearing—for the
octoroon to lose his nerve. There was the
tremendous psychological balance favoring
McCorkle—the balance between captain
and deckhand, white man and half-breed.
McCorkle was a master bully. Parson had .
a good yellow streak. But in this situation
both men were aflame. The girl had en-
BUCCANEER BLOOD.

275

raged one by her laughing and made the
other think he could win her. Fear was
crowded out.

  “ I’m willin’,” Parson said with consid-
erable dignity. “ We’ll make it a duel—as
between two gentlemen, sir.”

  “ Oh for hell’s sake!” McCorkle snorted.
“ Between me and a rotten octoroon!
That’s the kind of a duel we’ll have!”

  “ Don’t be shootin’ each other up,
chief!” Wing pleaded, “ We’ve got a good
job on our hands. Don’t hash it just be-
cause you run afoul of a woman! Git her
out’n the way, and we’ll collect our swag!”
“Let ’em go to it—the two balmies!”
Dorset tittered out of the side of his gray
lips. “ Let ’em do each other in—all the
more in it for you and me!”

  This was just the answer to Wing’s ob-
jection. Very well then, let the chief and
the half-breed have it out. One less to
divide the loot!

  “ If you’re goin’ to settle your bally
troubles, do it quick! ” Dorset advised.
“ Here I am guardin’ your prisoners for you
—which I’ve arf a mind to chuck the job.
Standin’ here ready to be knifed any minute
while you two swell around like two lords—
orl for the sake of that spunky little bag-
gage! ’Op to it, I says!”

  “ Sure, hop to it! Them’s my senti-
ments!” McCorkle cried. “ Win the lady
by fair means—that’s my way. Steal her?
No, sir! Not me! Win her like a gentle-
man—”

  “ Yes—like a gentleman!” the octoroon
said dramatically.

  “ Who the hell said you were a gentle-
man!” the other snorted. “ They’s only
one Creole in this here dool! Come on!
All hands stand by! Wing, you watch this
here sea-cook, that he don’t jump us when
we turn our backs to him.” He lurched
out to the center of the floor. Parson saw
that the hulking bully was half seas under.
A gun duel, properly regulated, could
scarcely be fatal to a sober man.

  “ I’m ready, sir,” the octoroon said pom-
pously.

  “Oh, you’re ready are you? Ready for
hell—that’s the right way to put it. Come
on! Back up sternwise. Keep your hand
away from the holster till you take ten

paces, come about and then—if you ain’t
already luffed up into hell, you can fire!”

  McCorkle’s commands were obeyed; in
fact the duel materialized almost to the ex-
tent of that final implication. The girl,
following his order dropped a napkin. Cam-
eron stood bound on one side of the stair-
case, the boy on the other. Wing watched
with his white head nodding like the pendu-
lum of a clock in time to their steps. Dor-
set's eyes shone with an unhealthy and
ghastly pleasure. He hated and feared and
was bullied by both men. What a triumph
to see them eager to kill each other! Which-
ever one fell, Dorset was glad. Whichever
one fell—it was the girl’s victory!

  “ Ten steps.” McCorkle himself had
made that stipulation. The gentleman half-
breed had agreed to everything. A high-
born lady was to be his prize if he won. He
was fighting an intoxicated man—that in
itself a coward’s move. It seemed like a
certain, and glorious victory.

  It might have been a victory for the octo-
roon if McCorkle had made it an affair of
honor instead of a murderous farce. When
the chief had covered half the distance,
walking with a dramatic stagger toward the
grinning Dorset, he turned. It might have
been Dorset’s grin that made him mad.
Yet this is to be doubted. It was more
probable that he had planned the whole
miserable travesty of honor from the first.
He took five steps, wheeled suddenly, and
with a drunken reel fired.

  Jacqueline suppressed a scream. Cam-
eron leaned forward straining at the straps
which were holding him back. He would
have torn the hulking bully to pieces; and
yet it was his sustained conviction that
everything must take its course. He knew
enough to stay out of this fight. Like every
one else there, he had nothing to lose, and
much that might be gained.

  The victim—the “ Creole gentleman ”
who had aspired to the hand of a Creole
lady and lost—staggered as if he himself
had drunk too much of the chatelaine’s hot
liqueurs. His gun dropped. He gripped
his shoulder. His arm flickered like a
broken wing as he reached to grasp the out-
stretched arm of an inscrutable and ghostly
personality—a suit of mail. McCorkle had
276

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

said the half-breed could fire if he had a
chance before being “ bumped into hell.”
■That was the truth of the whole matter,
except that the octoroon was not killed. He
swayed, staggered forward as if auto-
matically going through the process of tak-
ing his ten steps, turning and firing. But
he could not lift the empty hand.

  Instead he fell face forward.

  McCorkle warmed his cold palm with
the gun-barrel—a comforting feeling. He
turned to the girl—his flat huge face,
flushed but sheepish in victory.

  “ Did you see that?” he asked rubbing
the barrel in the manner of a man rubbing
his hands in a satisfied way. “ A good dool
now—waren’t it? Ay, what? Didn’t you
like it? What did you want? Ain’t you
smilin’? I won, didn’t I? Look at him
lyin’ there groanin’. Tryin’ to roll over.
What—he didn’t turn? Why not? I said
to turn after five steps. Didn’t I say five
steps, Dorset?”

  “ I thought you said—” Dorset checked
himself, grinning. “ Sure you said, five,
capting! ’Eard you with me own ears.”

  “ You said ten steps, monsieur.” Jac-
queline spoke up softly but unable to hide
a scathing contempt for this sort of combat.

  “ Ten was it?” McCorkle exclaimed.
“ Holy cripes! Ten—! Thought I said
five steps! What a mistake—phooey!
Well, well—I took five and he was takin’
ten! Well, well! Anyways that’s the rea-
son I didn’t kill him; I seen him standin’
on, on the same tack y’ might say. So I
plugged him in the shoulder. Kept him
from smashin’ away at me. No, don’t give
him a swig, Wing. He’s all right lyin’ to.
He won’t be snortin’ around so much. Leave
him lie to for a spell.”

  “ Ought ’ave done him in, I say,” Dorset
was whining. “ Yer’ll have more trouble
than ever wiv him, now that yer’ve give him
somethin’ real to grieve abaht. Finish the
job, I say.”

  “ That ain’t my way,” McCorkle said
magnanimously. “ Now that I’ve got him
on his back, I forgives him. That’s my
way. But bein’ he might be rememberin’
the grievance—Snd turnin’ it over in his
mind for to do me hurt, we’ll keep his gun
for awhile. Keep temptation out of his

way—as the saying goes. Here, Dorset.
You’re a particular friend of the half-breed;
you keep his gun for him. That’s fair.”
Dorset accepted the weapon eagerly.
“ Oh, yes, capting! I’m a particular friend
of Mr. Parson, I am! I’ll see that he be-
haves. I’ll put a stop to his hanky-panky!
I’m thankin’ yer, capting! ”

  Jacqueline had knelt down by the side
of the wounded man and put a glass of
sherry to his lips.

  “Now then, my gal!” McCorkle said
impatiently. “ Is there any more dools you
want me to fight for you?”

  “ Before God, no, monsieur I” the girl ex-
claimed. “ This is enough! ”

  “Enough? You’re satisfied I’ve won
you? You don’t want me to bump off any
one else then—for the sake of winnin’ you?”
“Monsieur! You have won this duel!
It is enough. You are the bravest. There
is no more necessity to prove that! ”

  McCorkle beamed, his huge flat face
scarlet and dripping. And then at the cli-
max of his victory he again caught sight of
that intrusive and menacing prisoner whom
he had neglected to dispose of. He pointed
to Cameron: “How about this cook here,
ma’am? Might you’d like me to fight a
dool with him?”

  “ No, no, monsieur! He is nothing to
me! A stranger who came to this island
unbidden. Lock him up, monsieur, if you
will—as your prisoner. And in doing it
you will confer a favor upon my grand-
mother and myself. But if you consider
my own womanly feelings—I beg you not
to shoot him down like a dog before my
eyes! No duels, monsieur. You are su-
preme in courage. No man can match you.”
“ I better bump him off anyway,” Mc-
Corkle grunted with drunken persistence.

  “ Monsieur!” the girl cried, throwing
herself between McCorkle and Cameron.
“ I promised you that if you won me in
fair fight, I would be yours. It is enough,
monsieur. What more do you want? Take
the treasures of this house. Take me. But
shed no more blood, I beg you, monsieur,
in God’s name!”

  The girl was bewitching. McCorkle
feasted his eyes upon her flushed face, her
dilated, flashing pupils, her luxuriant and
BUCCANEER BLOOD.

277

disheveled hair, her excited lips. She was
flattering him—a much more engrossing
matter than that helpless prisoner.

  “ Better leave him as he is, chief,” said
old Wing, always the craftiest and most
cautious. “ No use killin’ him yet. Might
have use for him. If he’s the girl’s lover
I know a good way to use him! ” Wing still
remembered that ace card—the torturing of
prisoners, when there was a possibility of
their divulging secrets.

  Still McCorkle was engrossed with the
vision and the music of that girl pleading
with him, flattering him, proclaiming the
victor, making violent and immeasurable
promises to him. Everything else was shut
out of his inflamed consciousness. Even
the cracked voice of Wing came as if from
another room, another time—inconse-
quential.

  Irritated at any possible interruption to
his glorious love affair, McCorkle silenced
the old man. “ Damn you, Wing, for a
bawlin’ ole woman! We’ll leave him live—
for a spell.”

  Indeed, what did McCorkle care for a
disarmed and innocuous stranger like Cam-
eron now?

  Wing nodded—perhaps in favor. Dorset
stood guard, malignant and gleeful in his
power. The octoroon whom he hated and
feared was lying in a corner of the big
dining hall, nursing his wound.

  The girl sank into a chair exhausted,
trembling. Her oval face—flushed a mo-
ment ago—was now pale, but still vivified
with the consciousness of a victory. She
raised her face to the six Raiglons above.

  As her grandam had prophesied, Mc-
Corkle had forgotten to reckon with those
six presences.

  “ All right, chief,” old Wing said, “ we’re
all set now for you and me to strip the
house.”

CHAPTER XXIV.

DORSET ON GUARD.

NO one was more satisfied with the
trend of events than McCorkle. His
vanity had been tickled, and a balm
of pervasive content came over his spirit.

 Those very elements which had enraged
 him had become a source of tremendous
 satisfaction.

   The chatelaine’s liqueur which had ex-
 cited him, now drugged him. Parson was
 no longer a taunting--and arrogant figure
 towering in defiance before a splendid
 tapestry. He was merely a pile of sopped
 rags, emitting fitful groans and pitiable
 oaths. At the psychological moment the
 menacing Parson had been hurled off the
 stage. It was like whisking away a red
 zerape from before the eyes of a maddened
 bull; out of sight, the inciting color was
 forgotten.

   “ Yes, high time now, mate, to get the
 stuff together. Dorset stays guard over the
 two gentlemen. The old lady and the black
 won’t do nobody no hurt if they stay in
 that there glory-hole. Parson stays where
 he’s at—unless Dorset wants to take a pot
 at him for fun. And the young m’moi-
 seUe—” he repeated that grotesque travesty
 of a knight kissing the hand of a lady—
 “you’ll stay on deck with Mr. Dorset
 who’s a gentleman bom! When Wing and
 I finish strippin’ the house, then I’ll come
 back and we’ll have a weddin’!”

   “ I have made my promise, monsieur
 the girl rejoined convincingly.

   “ And we’ll want to tap a keg or two!”
McCorkle stipulated. “ It’ll be one of these
, here Creole fiestas—nothin’ less—bein’ it’s
a weddin’ of a pirate’s daughter!”

   The girl watched him take a candle from
 the iron sconce and reel off toward the
 stairs. He walked up exaggeratedly erect.
 The candles from below, as well as that
 which he held, projecting his shadow in
 varied directions. Old Wing took another
 of the candles and hurried off into the ad-
 jacent room, his head nodding eagerly.

   The five who were left in the room—the
 girl, Cameron, Tim, the wounded man and
 Dorset—remained silent at first. There
 was a strange change in the tensity of the
 air, now that McCorkle was gone. The
 girl had caught a last glimpse of him, as
 he lurched against the huge oaken door
 of one of the upper chambers. Wing could
 be heard in the next room, shambling about,
 clanking the old locks and chains like a
 restive ghost.
278

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  In the center of the stage now was Dor-
set with his long ghastly head, and his puny
body. Dorset was in the habit of reflecting
his master’s mood. McCorkle was tri-
umphant and self-satisfied; and so was Dor-
set. He had just had a considerable meas-
ure of power thrust upon him. He was
quite self-satisfied—as was McCorkle. The
octoroon who had often bullied him and
twisted his weak wrists, was now lying in
the depths of ignominy and helplessness.
Wounded and disarmed he presented no
menace to the ordinarily apprehensive Dor-
set. The only other sources of danger ex-
isted in the two bound prisoners and a
frail girl. The closet was securely bolted
upon the chatelaine and old Quintilian.
Dorset was satisfied.

  He represented the giant McCorkle. He
now was the bandit chief, the conqueror.
In fact he understood so well that he was
the viceroy in the absence of the king that
immediately upon McCorkle’s leaving the
room Dorset strutted over to that cathedral
chair, and flopped into it.

  The chair swallowed him. All the girl
could see was the long haggard face, the
bony forehead, the huge grinning mouth.
The solid arm of the chair hid his body, but
Jacqueline saw the thin nervous hand
placed upon the cowl of a carven monk.

  Dorset’s mouth—out of all proportion to
the narrow face—widened until she saw the
clot of blood in the comer—the result of
•that blow dealt him by his master when on
the lugger. The grin widened intermina-
bly; the bruised lips pulled across his
teeth, until he broke into a chuckle.

  “Parson stays where he’s at!” he was
laughing as if to himself. “ That’s what
old Mac says! ‘ Unless Dorset, who’s a
gentleman born, wants to ’ave a bit o’ fun! ’
Didn’t you ’ear him say that? Cricky, but
that’s a good one! Yuss I aw a gentleman
—slop me gob! ” he cried belligerently turn-
ing to the girl, as if he had heard a tinkle
of a laugh. She was sitting at the table
scarcely an arm’s length across that yellow
linen from him. “ A gentleman born, that’s
wot! Englishman. Born and bred in Lun-
non! Oh, yes, I’ve had these here sherry
nightcaps, too—” He tossed one off and
made an attempt to belch like his master.

Blood came to his head—to his eyes, and
to the end of his nose giving him a splotchy,
unhealthy appearance. “ Look here, me
gel! You can tell a blood when yer sees
one?”

  “ I can, monsieur ”

  “ You can tell a man ’as done a bit of
travelin’ in his day?”

  “ That I can most certainly, monsieur.,y
“ Do I look like a rotten ole tramp—as
that man lyin’ there?”

  “ By no means, monsieur.”

  “ Or like Wing?” he asked hotly. “ By
Wing I mean that dodderin’ balmy whose
’ead keeps swingin’ like this!” He closed
his eyes and wagged his own grinning, hag-
gard head. “ And as for McCorkle!” Dor-
set shook his fragile grimy fist. “ Pha-ah!
Thinks he can swell around here like he
was to the manner born—as the sayin’
goes! A big sweatin’ blowsy bargeman!
That’s orl he is! We Englishmen you
know, go in for blood—ancestors and orl
that! You’ve got it. I can see them por-
traits up there—every one of ’em has some-
thing which you’ve got on your fice, s’help
me. And that ole gel in there actirf as your
chaperone—she’s got it! And here comes
a ole rozzer like McCorkle wantin’ to grab
you! And that ain’t arf of it; he wants to
marry you—that’s wot! Won’t be satis-
fied, I tell yer, till he can say he’s a Creole!
Creole is he? Ph-tht!”

  He paused as if his weak body had spent
itself in this tirade. The bound Cameron
glowered with a terrific contempt. The
wounded man off there in the corner of the
dim room groaned out a series of vitupera-
tive oaths. The “ ghost ” in the next room
was clanking locks, gathering loot.

  But Jacqueline—so Dorset noticed very
definitely—was looking at him with a re-
sponsive, a sympathetic fire.

  “Looke ’ere!” Dorset thrust his ghastly
head over the splendid linen. “ You tell
me—cross yer ’eart! Did you notice a
difference between me and them three
clods?”

  “ Beyond the shadow of a doubt, mon-
sieur!”

  Dorset emitted a sharp quick snarl like
a cat spitting. “ Ya-a-ah! I knew it!
Yer goin’ to try and come it with me! I
BUCCANEER BLOOD.

279

knew it when I first sat in this chair—yuss,
me lydy!” He shouted in a thin voice that
seemed scarcely to carry beyond that table.
“ I thought so! Goin’ to truck wiv me—
same as you did with him! But he was ’arf
seas under—McCorkle was—and I ain’t.
He wanted to Rotten Row it like a Creole—
and so he swallowed your gaff. You prom-
ised him yourself—and he believed it—the
poor softy! But not me! You ain’t no
little goer, me gel! I knows a little goer
when I sees one! But you ain’t. You’ll
stick a knife acrost him first bloomin’
chamce you git! Don’t tell me! Don’t
smile at me, me gel! I won’t be put upon,
You’re tryin’ to undo the bally lot of us by
your wiming’s wiles—but I’ve ’ad my lesson
with wiming—long afore this—damn you
orl—’ot ones and cold alike!”

  Jacqueline remained calm and unmoved
under this gush of invective. She was
studying him—his agile thin fingers, his
grimaces, his bubbling mouth, his narrow-
set triumphant, twinkling eyes. She looked
at him with the passive amusement.of a
little girl watching a jumping-jack, as if
trying to discover what string was being
pulled to cause such comical antics.

  Wing had shambled into the room, his
arms full of altar cloths, silver sconces, a
censer, a chalice, an ornate compass. He
heaped these antiques upon the table, his
eyes gleaming, his chest heaving.

  Dorset waited, wrinkling his pimpled
forehead in a frown, as if this intrusion of
Wing with his loot were a personal affront.
The old seaman shuffled out, nodding his
white head affirmatively, as if to say:
“ Yes, there’s lots more. It’s endless. The
quicker I go for it, the more we’ll have!”

  “ Think you can truck wiv me, do you!”
Dorset went on muttering at the girl, find-
ing a tremendous exhilaration in scolding
and bullying something weaker than him-
self. “ Ya-ah! Good mind to clump yer
one in the mouth, A good mind to—
Yuss, I said I’ve a—”

  He spoke tonelessly, disconnectedly as if
trying to say one thing while thinking an-
other.

  “ I won’t be put upon—not me.” He
was not looking at the girl now although
there was the same grimace—compounded

of a vicious frown and an insolent smirk.
His look was focused on something just as
fascinating.

  That pile of stuff which Wing had heaped
upon the table seemed to grow in luster
with each moment that Dorset stared at
it. Certain details—a jewel on the chalice,
a band of gold on the sconce, a cluster of
semiprecious stones on the altar cloth—
caught Dorset’s eye. The heap of antiques
placed there on rich yellowed linen seemed
to kindle into a dull glow under the candle
light. Dorset blinked. And as he blinked
succinct rays of green and yellow light radi-
ated from the heap, as if there were buried
flames in a mass of embers.

CHAPTER XXV.

THE FIVE—AND THE ONE.

g *HEY are merely heirlooms, mon-
sieur” Jacqueline said. “ There
is no other worth to them.”
Dorset had left his cathedral chair and
was now examining the stuff which old
Wing had brought.

  It was ridiculous to suppose that Wing
would have left anything of real value on
that table. If he had found a jewel that
could have been classed as precious he
would have pocketed it himself. Dorset
knew, of course, that Wing had examined
everything he had left there. That was
the reason he had taken so long a time in
collecting one handful of loot. McCorkle
was taking a still longer time—an indica-
tion that he was meeting with more success,
“The gel’s right!” he said disgustedly.
The stuff heaped on ancient linen, illumined
by soft candle beams, had looked more
precious than it was. It was flamboyant,
and, further, it kindled the imagination,
“ Heirlooms—is it! And so it is, b’God!!
Good for the museums back in N’Orleans
—if you can sell it to ’em. The real stuff
Wing keeps! And this here truck is what
I gits—while Wing and McCorkle rifles the
’ouse!”

  “It is worth nothing, monsieur—this
heap,” Jacqueline said, “ except as heir-
looms. To us they mean much—to you
they are worthless.”
280

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  “Ain’t no doubt about that, old gel!”
Dorset grunted. “ Now you can see how
I gets treated. The leavin’s—that’s orl.
Nothin’ more. Same story every time,
s’help me! But I won’t be put upon—not
me! That ’arf-breed bullied me aht of my
share, more’n once. But he won’t do it
again, strike me dead if he will. Old Wing
he’s a sharp one, too—but he don’t bother
me. Minds his business. Too old to bully
me. All he cares for is to lay his bloody
ole ’ooks on his share. Counts the pen-
nies. Never bothers me. It’s this thing
on the floor, and—” he lowered his voice
malignantly—“and McCorkle.”

  The girl was still studying that miserable
face. “ Why is it that all men are afraid
of him—this Monsieur McCorkle?—this
drunken marauder?”

  “There you ’ave it!” Dorset exclaimed.
“ Marauder—drunk—that’s wot! And we
all cower before his swank like puppies!
Gave me a hell of a flip under the lug a
while back. Left me aboard to have a go
wiv the blahsted ghosts in the swamp!
That’s the way he treats me, while he goes
after the swag. Then here I am again—
a-watchin’ of you wimin, and that pile of
refuse over there in the corner a-nursin’ of
his wound—and them two coves tied up
there. That’s wot I gits. But I won’t be
put upon—not me—I’ll turn one of these
days, you can jolly well lay to that, me gel!
One of these days Dorset’s goin’ to turn.”
“ Turn now—and I will help you,” the
girl said softly.

  Dorset looked at her and laughed hide-
ously. “ I suppose you’ll be arskin’ me for
me gun next—ay, wot?”

  “ No, no! I could not touch a gun.
Could Jacqueline handle a gun with these
fingers?” She held her palm out—and he
seemed momentarily fascinated. It was a
beautiful thing—particularly when the soft
transparent skin with its inner flame of
coursing blood, was compared with gun-
metal. “ At least Jacqueline herself is not
afraid of this great bully of yours.”

  “Well damn me for a pie-can!” Dorset
burst out, “ if you think you can shame
me—I guess not! I’m scairt stiff of the
ole growlin’ rozzer. Makes me shiver in
every bone of me body! And he’s just

abaht broke every bone in me body—wot
with his kicks!”

  “ You are a slave, monsieur. You are
not an Englishman.”

  “Orl right. I’m a slave!”

  “ But you are free from this man—” she
pointed to Parson—“ who persecuted you.”
“ I damn well know it! ”

  “ If McCorkle had fallen in that duel—”
she suggested.

  Dorset’s eyes kindled. “ Yuss. That
would have been a bit of orl right! Either
way I won. If McCorkle was aht of the
way—” He lost himself a moment in con-
templation.

  “ Would you be a serf any longer, mon-
sieur?”

  “ I guess not! We’d arrange these here
jobs to suit ourselves—Wing and me. He’s
a sharp ’un. The two of us could git rich.
This old bleeder, McCorkle, wants to sit
dahn and make it a jubilee—when he goes
on a maraudin’ expedition. Done it afore
this—many a time. Likes to git the gels
together—and the liquor. Goes in to rob a
’ouse and his mind wanders—imagines he’s
in a pub. Look at how he’s acted here to-
night. We’d have had this job finished—
arf an hour ago—if Wing and me managed
it. I’d have stuck a knife into them two
coves there,” he pointed to Cameron and
Tim, “ cast them into the bayou, then
stripped the ’ouse. The lydies? Oh, yuss!
I’d have drunk your ’ealth and said good-
evening. I’m a gentleman when it comes
to that!”

  “ Ah, monsieur, that is the truth.. Be-
lieve what Jacqueline confesses, monsieur.
I will tell you everything—my innermost
feelings. To what end shall I dissemble?
You understand my wishes—my fears.
Yes, I want you to raise your hand against
this monster whom you fear as I do. This
Monsieur McCorkle will harm a defense-
less woman. You, a gentleman, an English-
man, will not. I fear him, but I do not fear
you. All women, you think, are liars—but
why should I lie in this? I fear him, I
hate him, I want to see him dead at my
feet. When he comes in to claim me—and
attempts this horrible thing which he calls
a pirate wedding—I shall still make a pre-
tense before him. I shall smile upon him,
BUCCANEER BLOOD.

281

and drink, and suffer him to kiss my hand
—this hand, monsieur.”

  Again she showed her hand to the dis-
traught Dorset—a hand that was far too
beautiful to be kissed by a brute he so de-
spised and hated. “ If I do this monsieur,
and the monster is concerned only with the
pleasure of the moment—and forgetful of
all danger—then it will be a safe time for
some one to slay him!”

  “ Holy cripes! ” was all that Dorset could
say. He had no voice. It was a stage
whisper, intense, retching, consuming.

  “ I heard you there! I heard you, by
hell!” The hollow moaning voice of Par-
son from the further corner of the banquet
hall broke into the tense periods.

  Dorset shivered, and took in his breath
with a hissing sound. The girl watched
him.

  “ You ’eard who?” Dorset shot out bel-
ligerently. “ If you ’eard me say anything
against the capting, just let me know, and
I’ll stick a knife acrost you, wiwout an-
other word!”

  “ I heard her—” Parson whimpered.
“ She’s all right. What she says is good
advice. Finish McCorkle—that’s the thing
to do. She’ll help you. You can do it.
Don’t worry about me. I’m out of the
fight. Mv shoulder’s smashed and it’s kill-

o	--

ing me. Go on, finish him! I’ll keep quiet
and grin!” His voice trailed off into heavy
and rhythmic moans.

  “ Who do it? Me! Me kill McCorkle!
Oh, my winkie, wot a good one!”

  “ Are you a coward?” the girl asked
sweetly.

  He snapped at her: “ Yuss, damn me!
I’m a coward. Course I’m a coward—the
yellowest coward that ever was born!
Think I’d try to come it with that—

£ monster ’ as you calls him? I guess jolly
well I would! Wow! If he ever so much
as heard me complain there’d be a plantin’
—or a drownin’—that’s more like it!”

  He seemed to lose himself in thought
again, while the girl maintained silence,
and the rhythmic moans of Parson came
across the room as an obbligato to Dorset’s
soliloquy.

  “ He wouldn’t bung the word—that rot-

ter down there,” he was saying. Evidently
he had a terror that the very thought of
mutinying against the chief, might in some
way leak out. “ And ’ow about this here
man fastened to the stanchion and frownin’
at me? There’s the hell of a fine mark to
have listenin’ to every word—ain’t he?”

  “ Naturally enough I myself want to see
him dead!” Cameron protested calmly.

  “There you have it, Dorset!” Parson
raised his voice again. “ There’s five of
us in here. When McCorkle comes back—
he’ll be one against five.” Parson’s voice
pleaded with terrific and persuasive gasps.

  “ Five of us—is it?” Dorset laughed.
“ Cricky! Do you call two prisoners, a
wiming, and yourself lyin’ there stewin’
in your own blood—do you think you four
could fight McCorkle? Oh, yes! A fine
bloody encounter that would be, I’ll say.
He done you in when you stood up agin him
armed. Now ’ow much help are you?”

  The sound of a man in the next room,
shambling with evident difficulty, grunting,
bumping up sharp against the oaken door,
interrupted Dorset’s tirade. The wounded
octoroon struggled up to his elbow, break-
ing off the rhythm of his moans.

  “ It’s Wing—” the latter said. “ He’ll
help—if the girl knows how to get him.
The girl—she’s on my side,” Parson said,
still with a conviction that although she
was playing with the others like a cat with
mice—she could not possibly be playing
with him. “ You’ll help me get even,
ma’moiselle? I fought for you—like you
wTanted? You’ll help me?”

  Dorset started to jeer—but his sour
laughter broke off suddenly. He was con-
cerned with matters of tremendous import.
Wing, was coming—Wing, the doddering
and crafty, the cautious, the gold-lover.

  He blundered through the door, puffing
and groaning at the great weight in his arms
—an open chest which he had piled with
loot. Dorset thrust his head out of his
coat like a turtle, and leaned across the
linen to the girl. He spoke softly out of
the side of his bruised mouth: “ Wing—-
get him on our side. Understand wot I’m
s’ying, me gel. Get Wing on our side. I’ll
let you orf.”

TO BE CONCLUDED NEXT WEEK
By F. MORTON HOWARD

  A SINGLE soft tap on the door dis-
turbed the complete silence of close
A ^ application in the private office of
that old established firm, Stebbings &
Mortimer, of Flaming Sword Lane, City.
The junior partner frowned at the inter-
ruption, but steadfastly continued his study
of the big ledger on his desk. The senior
partner, without raising his eyes from the
mass of correspondence before him, me-
chanically emitted that loud, inarticulate
drone with which it wras his habit to accord
permission to enter.

  Slowly, noiselessly the door opened some
eighteen inches, and the face of a mild,
middle-aged little man peered around it into
the room. Neither partner gave any recog-
nition of his presence, and for a while he
remained there, gazing in timid perplexity

from one to the other of the two preoccu-
pied gentlemen.

  With every moment of his wait his ex-
pression deepened in dubiety until it became
one almost of anxious apprehension. Un-
able at last to bear the embarrassment of
his position any longer, he stealthily with-
drew his head, silently closed the door, and,
after a period of dull hesitation in the pas-
sage outside, summed up sufficient courage
to rap for a second time with greater force
and urgency.

“ Come in!
impatiently.

  Again the door opened, and again the
mild little face peered round it.

  “Well?” jerked the senior partner,
glancing up. “ Oh, it’s you, Chedworth?’:
he observed not unkindly. “ Come in!”

” fussed the senior partner
“Oh, come in, do!”

2S2
THE DESPERATE YOUNG MAN.

283

   The small, insignificant personality of
Mr. George Henry Chedworth sidled
through the doorway, but kept hold of the
handle of the door as though to maintain
a line of escape.

  “ Well, what is it you want, Ched-
worth?”

   Mr. Chedworth, without replying, gazed
in a constrained, apologetic way, first at
the senior partner and next at the unheed-
ing junior partner, and next at the floor,
where he appeared to find great interest
in the pattern of the carpet. The senior
partner, taking note of these symptoms,
immediately conceived a suspicion.

   “ If you’re thinking about applying for
an increase of salary, Chedworth—” he
began, crisply.

  “Oh, no, sir—not at all!” disclaimed
Mr. Chedworth. “ Nothing of the sort,
sir, I assure you.”

   “ Glad you’ve more sense than to bother
me with things like that,” said Mr. Steb-
bings, mollified. “ Well, now, what is it
you wish to see me about?”

  “ Awkward,” murmured Mr. Chedworth,
fidgeting with the lowest button of his
waistcoat. “ Hard to explain, sir. Sort of
—sort of favor.”

   Mr. Stebbings, mistrustful of this last
word, grunted in an indefinite and some-
what unencouraging way.

  “ I want to—to give notice—” blurted
out Mr. Chedworth.

  “ Notice?” cried Mr. Stebbings. “ No-
tice of what?”

  “ Resign,” explained Mr. Chedworth,
backing a little closer to the door. “ I
want to give up my job here.”

   Even as he spoke, the words struck him
as crude and ungrateful, and he cast about
in his mind for some polite addition to
soften the asperity of his announcement.

“ Been very comfortable here, of course,
and so forth and so on,” he declared hus-
kily. “ Been here a good many years now.
Be a bit of a wrench to leave. Still—”

   He passed his forefinger round the inner
side of his collar and gazed appealingly at
Mr. Stebbings. The senior partner sat
back and stared at him in an aloof, offend-
ed manner. The junior partner flickered a
cold glance at Mr. Chedworth, rasped,

“ Then why leave?” and straightway re-
sumed his close scrutiny of the ledger.

  “ I—I been left a fortune,” mentioned
Mr. Chedworth diffidently.

  “ What?” barked Mr. Stebbings.

  “ Been left a fortune,” repeated Mr,
Chedworth, as though he were making a
confession of something of which he was
ashamed.

  “ You—you’ve been left—” demanded
Mr. Stebbings.

  He broke off and swung round in his
chair to look at the clock on the mantel-
shelf.

  Mr. Chedworth at once comprehended
the significance of the action.

   “Oh, no, sir—it isn’t that!” he inter-
posed hurriedly. “ I—I know quite well
what I’m talking about. I ain’t been any-
where this morning, except—except just to
the lawyer’s. The chief clerk gave me per-
mission. It—it’s quite right, sir. I been
left a fortune.”

  “ But, hang it all, Chedworth,” pro-
tested Mr. Stebbings, with the petulance
of one asked to accept the incredible.
“ You with a fortune!”

   “ It—it is rum, ain’t it, sir?” agreed
Mr. Chedworth. “ I can’t hardly believe
it myself, not yet.”

   “ Depends what he calls a fortune,” ob-
served the junior partner, poring a little
nearer over the ledger.

   “ Three thousand pounds a year,” stated
Mr. Chedworth bashfully.

  “ Three thousand pounds a year?”
echoed Mr. Stebbings, in a kind of angry
skepticism.

  “ Rather more, if anything,” said Mr.
Chedworth apologetically. “ Left me by
my grandfather’s brother. Course I never
guessed, sir—”

  “ Are you sure there isn’t some mis-
take?” interrupted Mr. Stebbings. “ It
may be a hoax. Have you actually got the
money yet?”

   “ Fixed it up this morning, sir. Finished
the last bit of business about it. That’s
what I got permission to go to the lawyer’s
for. Been arranging it and settling it all
this last three weeks, sir. And now it’s
done, I can’t hardly believe it. I didn’t
believe it could be true myself. That’s why
284

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

I never said anything about it before in
this office. Didn’t want to give ’em a chance
to laugh at me. But now—”

  “But have you actually drawn any
money yet?” persisted Mr. Stebbings.

  Mr. Chedworth produced a faded old
wallet from his breast pocket and opened
it to give view of pristine paper contents.
“ Drew two hundred this morning, as a
start,” he said. “ In fives and tens, and
two fifties. No trouble about that?”

  “ Are you sure they’re genuine?”

“ I got them straight from the bank, sir.”
“ Um-m,” observed Mr. Stebbings, and
appeared to be a trifle disappointed.
“ Sounds all right,” he conceded reluc-
tantly.

  “ Oh, I know it’s all right, sir,” asserted
the little clerk. “ The papers and things
I’ve had to sign! Holford & Jackson, they
are the solicitors. Most helpful they’ve
been, sir.”

  Mr. Stebbings, after a long, brittle pause,
rather testily announced that he was jig-
gered.

  “ So was I, sir, when I first heard it,”
eagerly agreed Mr. Chedworth. “ And so
—so I do hope, gentlemen, you won’t take
any offense at me wishing to leave? You—
you see how it is?”

  “ My grandfather never even had a
brother, as far as I know!” Mr. Stebbings
stated fretfully as though he were drawing
the attention of Providence to an instance
of unfair treatment. “ Oh, well,” he end-
ed magnanimously, and, rising from his
seat, held out his hand to the fortunate
legatee.”

  “ Very much obliged to you, sir, I’m
sure,” mumbled Mr. Chedworth, redden-
ing with gratification.

  “ Congratulate you,” said the junior
partner, looking up and nodding and look-
ing down again.

  “ And thank you, sir. And—and I shall
be sorry to leave the firm.”

  “ We shall be sorry to lose you, Ched-
worth,” said Mr. Stebbings handsomely.
“ Of course, I suppose you’d like to leave
at once, to-day?”

“ Thought I’d finish the week out, sir.”
“ Yes, you would!” remarked Mr. Steb-
bings; and though he did not explain his

meaning more fully, he regarded the mild
little man with something like amused af-
fection. “ ’Pon my word, Chedworth, it’s
only now that you’re going— You’ve been
with us a long time, and you’ve been a—
a faithful servant, Chedworth.”

  Mr. Chedworth’s eyes brimmed. All the
long years of drudgery on a grudged, in-
sufficient salary were forgotten in this one
moment of frank admission.

  “ I—I always tried to do my best, sir.
Always been my—my motto, so to speak.
And I—I dare say you’re wondering what
I’m going to do with myself in future, sir,
now I’m—I’m independent?”

  “ Launch out a bit, I suppose,” put for-
ward Mr. Stebbings. “ Theaters, motor
car—that sort of thing, eh? Go in for gar-
dening, eh? Conservatory, and all that
sort of thing. Have a good time all round.”
“ Golf,” laconically remarked the junior
partner, crouched over his desk.

  “ As a matter of fact—” began Mr.
Chedworth awkwardly. “ Well—you see,
my wife—”

  He stopped, shook his head in a puz-
zled way, and tried a fresh line. “ That’s
—that’s where the favor comes in that I
mentioned just now,” he said. “ I—I told
her you had taken me from the indoor staff
and given me a job as commercial traveler
for the firm.”

  “ But—”

  “ She—she don’t know about the legacy.
I’ve thought it all out very careful, sir, and
I—I believe I’m acting for the best. I
don’t want her to know about the money.
It ’11—it ’11 only spoil everything for her.”
“ I don’t understand, Chedworth. Do
you think it’s quite fair— I mean—”

  “ My wife— Well, it’s difficult to ex-
plain, sir. She’s—she’s sort of ambitious.
And the people she’d meet, on our three
thousand a year—they’d snub her. She’d
never be comfortable. Always trying to
claim her position and getting snubbed.
You see what I mean?”

  “ Out of her element?” said the junior
partner.

  “ Exactly, sir. We’d move to some swell
neighborhood, and—and she wouldn’t be
happy nor comfortable. But if I—if she’s
got the extra money to spend what she
THE DESPERATE YOUNG MAN.

285

thinks I’m earning as a commercial, she’ll
be just right. She’ll stay in the suburb
where we are. Move to a bigger house, of
course, and buy furniture and things. And
still be able to queen it among her old
friends. She’ll like that.”

  “ Sounds quite reasonable,” admitted
Mr. Stebbings. “ But—”

  “ It won’t really be cheating her,” con-
tended Mr. Chedworth earnestly. “ She’ll
be able to have all the things she wants.
When I told her about the—the commercial
traveling job, she was as pleased as pleased.
And—well, there’s me! Sometimes she—
well, she’s a managing sort of woman, gen-
tlemen. And, if I was a commercial trav-
eler, I’d be away from it all. It would be
a rest, a change for me. And of course, the
money ’11 be there all the time. It ’11 be
there for the children when I—when the
time comes. And, of course, if ever any-
thing’s wanted, I can easily make up some
sort of story to account for being able to
spare the money.”

  “ Well, of course, it’s entirely your own
affair. You know best,” said Mr. Steb-
bings.

  “ I do, sir. I know just what it’s like
at home. And I—I know Mrs. Chedworth.
And I honestly believe it’s for the best all
round. Can but try it for a bit, any-
way.”

  “ And you’d be away from home on holi-
day most of the time?”

  “ I’ve earned one! All the years I been
married— You don’t know!” broke out
Mr. Chedworth with a quivering, protest-
ing vehemence that gave the two partners
some considerable insight into the condi-
tions of his domestic environment. “ Never
had a holiday yet—not a real one! Just
slog, slog, slog—here and at home! Some-
times wished— No rest, no—”

  “Come, come, Chedworth!” urged Mr.
Stebbings, concerned. “ Pull yourself to-
gether, man. You mustn’t let yourself go,
like that.”

  “ Nerves,” muttered Mr. Chedworth, in
rueful extenuation. “ They’re all wrong.
Overstrained. Never had a chance to ease
up. Nagging and—and one thing and an-
other. Not but what she ain’t a good wife
to me,” he asserted. “ But—well—”

  “ Sit down,” invited the senior partner.
“ Tell us a bit more about the legacy and
—and so forth. If he wishes, Mortimer, I
don’t see why we shouldn’t help him with
the commercial traveling story, do you?”

  “ Be a charity,” grated the junior part-
ner, assiduously turning to the next page in
the ledger.

II,

  Half an hour later Mr. Chedworth
emerged into the clean, quiet drabness of
Flaming Sword Lane. He had quite re-
turned to his usual air of gentle, respectful
deference to the world in general, but in
his eyes was a little light of expectancy,
of half fearful, half eager anticipation. But-
toning his worn coat, he allowed the tips
of his fingers to rest momentarily on the
bulge of the fat wallet in his breast pocket.
He thrilled at the touch of it, and, smiling
very cheerfully at an equally cheerful sky,
he struck off toward the roaring, rattling
thoroughfare which was at the end of the
byway.

  All was going just as satisfactorily as he
could wish. His employers had promised
hijn that they would support to the full
his statement about being one of their
travelers, should Mrs. Chedworth or any
other person show an embarrassing inquisi-
tiveness in the matter at any time. And
the partners had persuaded him to begin his
holiday at once, and had sent him off with
repeated expressions of good will and kind-
ly interest.

  It was true that they had not directed
that he should receive such of his salary
as was due him, but that, he was confident,
was quite an oversight.

  And now, on the advice of Mr. Steb-
bings, he was going to stand himself a
lunch to celebrate the occasion. It was
not to be an ordinary, unimaginative city
lunch, Mr. Stebbings had insisted, but an
elaborate meal in courses, with a bottle of
wine, and a cigar and coffee and a liqueur
to end up with.

  Mr. Stebbings said that he would have
invited him to just such a lunch himself,
had he not unfortunately had an engage-
ment already. He very helpfully, how-
ever, supplied Mr. Chedworth with the
286

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

address of a restaurant he could recom-
mend.

! Mr. Chedworth was now sitting out for
this restaurant, and that was why he looked
both expectant and apprehensive. For this

I	was the first time in all his life that he had
ever contemplated lunching appropriately
in that delectable region known as “ Up
West.” He had snatched hurried, arid lit-
tle meals in cheap teashops in Oxford
Street and the Strand before now, when
the exigencies of business and hunger had
synchronized with his presence in the neigh-
borhood. But this was to be a real, slap-up,
elaborate affair, and, though he assured
himself that he was going to enjoy it, he
knew that the ordering and consuming of
it presented ordeals which would perplex
and embarrass his sensitive, shy little soul.
* But he had made up his mind to go
through with this lunch. He agreed with
the senior partner that it was the one, right,
fitting way to signalize the beginning of
his new life of affluent leisure. Here was
luxury within his reach after years of
carking, unremitting economy, and he
must welcome it in the time honored
way with the ritual of food and drink.

  What was more, he was going to do the
thing properly, with no stint, and with all
the correct, high preliminaries and conse-
quences. He intended to take a taxicab
to the restaurant, to go on afterward to a
theater, where amusement might charm his
mind and assist his digestion. And after-
ward—home and Mrs. Chedworth and the
children and the stress and strain of bicker-
ing domesticity as a corrective.

   A man was selling violets at the corner
of Flaming Sword Lane, and Mr. Ched-
worth, after a little hesitation, bought a
bunch of them, because it seemed to him
that the circumstances demanded a but-
tonhole as outward and visible expression
of festive intents.

   “ Mustn’t go home weaning ’em, though,”
he reminded himself.

   He knew the devastating criticism that
would greet his appearance at home with a
bunch of violets in his lapel. His wife
would want to know why he bought them,
and where, and how much he paid for
them, and then she would begin to talk

about economy and drag in mention of
boots that needed repairing and crockery
that needed renewing. And all the four
children would be listening—-Gladys in her
quiet, lethargic way, and Cedric with a grin
on his sallow face; and Kathleen would
stop her piano practicing, and young Nor-
man would probably ask a silly question or
two about violets and buttonholes on pur-
pose to egg his mother on.

  No, it wouldn’t do to take his button-
hole home with him. He would drop it
somewhere on his way back. He hoped
they would be picked up by some one who
liked violets as much as he did, and who
would be pleased to find them so fresh.

  He stood at the edge of the pavement
in an effort to secure the taxicab, which
was to be the first of the day’s luxuries.
Empty cabs passed him this way and that,
at frequent intervals, but none stopped at
his timid beckoning. Most of the drivers
made it clear that they did not want to
notice his summons—two or three of them,
slackening speed, glanced at his shabby,
insignificant little figure and shook their
heads contemptuously, and drove on. So
at last he had perforce to swarm on a bus
and travel westward between an irate stout
lady and a snuffy old gentleman who kept
grunting and wriggling aggressively. It was
something of a come-down, but Mr. Ched-
worth felt the pressure of his plump wallet
against his breast and he found it wonder-
fully stimulating.

  And presently he dismounted from the
bus and found his way to the desired res-
taurant. Twice he approached the portal
and then shied and drifted past it. But
the third time he approached the entrance
he became involved in some way with a
large, hilarious party descending from taxi-
cabs. Yielding himself to the line of least
resistance, he was swept with this happy
crowd through the door and into the lounge
of the restaurant.

  “ So far, so good,” murmured Mr.
Chedwick thankfully, and then perceived
that a uniformed porter was scrutinizing
him with a suspicious eye.

  “Lunch!” said Mr. Chedworth firmly
to the fellow, though inwardly he was in a
tremor.
THE DESPERATE YOUNG MAN.

287

  “ Your hat, sir,” remarked the porter,
regarding Mr. Chedworth’s obsolescent
headgear with a fixed, inimical stare.

  Mr. Chedworth convulsively removed
his hat.

  “ Cloakroom on the right,” stated the
porter, as one engaged in repressing an af-
front to the establishment.

  Mr. Chedworth went obediently to the
counter of the cloakroom and surrendered
his hat to another uniformed attendant, who
gazed at it with a similar sardonic mis-
favor to that exhibited by his colleague.

  “ How much?” queried Mr. Chedworth.

  “ No charge.”

  “ Tip you now, and get it over,” offered
Mr. Chedworth, with some idea of buying
the man’s respect and good will. “ And
your pal—does he—”

  “ We share—sir,”

  “ Right you are!” said Mr. Chedworth,
and banged down a half crown on the coun-
ter very affably and conspicuously. “ That’s
between you!”

  He’d show ’em he was a jolly sight better
off than they were guessing by his hat!
But the fellow did not seem greatly im-
pressed, Indeed, his pained, disdainful
mien suggested that Mr. Chedworth had
been close-fisted and indelicate. Perhaps,
thought Mr. Chedworth, it wasn’t so much
of a tip after all. Half a crown was a lot
to him—used to be, anyway. But this
was an expensive place. He wondered
what he would have to tip the waiter. He
ought to have remembered to ask Mr. Steb-
bings that. Bit awkward, when you were
not used to tipping.

  Mr. Chedworth found himself being
shepherded into a vast, glittering, noisy
apartment, where one waiter passed him
to another along the narrow aisles that ran
between the crowded tables. He followed
his guides blushingly and uncomfortably,
with increasing realization that be was an
incongruity in this confident, well groomed
throng. More than once he sought to glide
into some vacant chair, but he was inexora-
bly conducted to a remote corner where the
ultimate waiter, after one single appraising
glance at him, accepted delivery of him
with no more zeal or interest than he would
have accepted delivery of a sack of straw.

  Rather surlily he accommodated Mr.
Chedworth with a seat at a table where
he could see little and could be but little
seen himself. Mr. Chedworth decided that
he was the kind of customer they wished
to keep out of sight as much as possible.
Quite frankly, he didn’t blame them. On
the whole, he was glad they had taken this
line with him He’d enjoy his lunch all
the more.

  There were two other guests at the table,
but they had finished their meal and were
clearly meditating departure. One of them
—a big, leather faced man with two fiery
pimples on his cheek, and an air of dour,
angry opposition; the other was a much
younger man, plainly dressed in clothes
which were no longer new but still pre-
served an appearance of quality and good
taste. The face of this young man was
handsome in a boyish way, but it was
pallid and troubled, and he was sitting back
with arms folded, staring dejectedly at the
tablecloth.

  Mr. Chedworth, beyond a furtive, apolo-
getic smirk at them as he sat down, did
not give heed to either man, for he was
now confronted with the task of ordering
his lunch and the prospect filled him with
trepidation.

  The matter, however, proved unexpect-
edly easy, for no sooner had Mr. Ched-
worth indistinctly mentioned “ Er—lunch,
please,” than the waiter whipped out three
or four suggestions as though they were
commands, and then, without waiting for a
reply, walked away.

  He had returned with a disconcerting
number of little dishes, and was ranging
them before Mr. Chedworth, when abrupt-
ly the big man opposite pushed back his
chair.

  “ Well, I’m off,” he announced brusque-
ly. “ Busy. Thanks for the feed.”

  The younger man, rousing himself from
his dejection, turned appealingly to his
companion.

  “ Then—then you won’t?” he asked.

  The big man, pursing his lips tightly,
shook his head.

  “ But—but—” pleaded the young man,
and laid his hand on the other’s sleeve.

  “ No good,” said the big man. “ It
288

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

can’t be done, my boy. Sorry,” he ended
perfunctorily, and rose from his seat.

  The younger man rose, too, but his com-
panion had already begun to make his way
toward the distant door. The young man,
staring blankly, incredulously, watched him
go, and then slowly resumed his chair.

  “ That finishes everything,” he whis-
pered, and sat forward with his elbows on
the table and his palms pressed against his
temples.

III.

  Me. Chedworth, by covert inspection
of what other people were doing, contrived
a creditable handling of his hors d’oeuvres,
though his instincts, trained by a lifetime
of economy, rather rebelled at leaving so
much in the little dashes to be taken away
again by the waiter.

  His soup presented no difficulties, and
he tackled the fish course with a relieved
zest, for, somewhat to has surprise, it was
recognizably fried fish.

  And then came doubt and perplexity
again, for the waiter, setting a leather-
bound pamphlet before him, asked none
too hopefully:

  “ Wine, sir?”

  “ Er, yes,” said Mr. Chedworth. “ A
bottle.”

  The waiter opened the list and flicked
his finger nails across it.

  “ Which will you have, sir?”

  “ Er—” hesitated Mr. Chedworth.
“ What do most of ’em have?”

  “ A nice champagne, sir?” suggested the
waiter.

  “ Er—yes—champagne,” decided Mr.
Chedworth.

  Of course he ought to have remembered!
Champagne was notoriously the correct
thing for an occasion like this.

  11	Er—not too much!” he called after the
waiter.

  Thereafter his lunch proceeded with a
delightful smoothness, for the waiter now
developed an easy friendliness toward him
and was proving himself most helpful. And
Mr. Chedworth enjoyed his champagne,
sipping cautiously at it, and finding a rare
relish in the flavor and prickle of it.

And, as the meal progressed, a soothful

benignancy began to steal over him, and
with it there came a strange sense of bold-
ness and equality. He glanced about the
crowded restaurant and reminded himself
that, after all, he was probably a good bit
richer than most of these dressed-up people
here. Still, it was capital to be enjoying
one’s self as an equal among them. He
hoped every one was finding as much pleas-
ure in lunching as he was.

  His gaze fell on the young man opposite.
He was still sitting there in a dejected at-
titude, stirring his feet now and then as
if about to leave, but coming back to
inertness again, as though he could not
bring himself to face the world outside.

  Mr. Chedworth felt sorry for the young
man. It was so clear that he was in trou-
ble of some sort. Pity everybody could
not be bright and cheerful on a day like
this!

  “ Er—” began Mr. Chedworth, impul-
sively addressing the young man and nod-
ding his head at the bottle of champagne.
“ Would you care—I mean—will you join
me in a glass?”

  The young man, despite his listless ex-
pression, was surprised by the offer.

  “ No—no, thanks,” he said.

  “ Do you good,” encouraged Mr. Ched-
worth, and, to his own surprise, began mas-
terfully pouring champagne into the young
man’s glass. “ First time I’ve been here,”
he mentioned as a sort of vague explana-
tion.

  The young man sipped at the wine, and,
setting down his glass, moodily eyed Mr.
Chedworth.

  “ It’s the last time I shall be here,” he
said.

  Mr. Chedworth did not like this. It
seemed to him that there was an insult
concealed in it somewhere. He resolved
to leave the young man alone.

  A few minutes later a fresh question of
procedure presented itself to him. He
beckoned to the waiter.

  “ I never thought—about my bill, I
mean,” he said.

  “ Yes, sir?” asked the waiter, becoming
vigilant at once.

  “ I suppose they can change a bank note
here for me?”

                         8	A
THE DESPERATE YOUNG MAN.

289

  “ How much for?”

  “ Five pounds.”

  “ Oh, that ’11 be easy enough. Thought
you meant a big one, sir.”

  In some oblique way, Mr. Chedworth’s
vanity was wounded. A five-pound note
had always seemed such a stupendous thing
to him, and here was a man who classified
five-pound notes as small. Mr. Chedworth
felt that his own importance as a cham-
pagne customer was in jeopardy, and he
resolved to impress the waiter.

  “ Better change a ten-pound note for
me if it’s as easy as all that,” he said,
drawing out his wallet and making play
with the wad of notes. “ Here you are,”
he went on, selecting a note with some
care, and then examining it with an as-
sumption of casualness. “ No, that’s a fifty-
pound note,” he pointed out with secret
pride in this clever display of his wealth.
“ What about this? No, that’s another fifty.
And this lot is the fiver. Ah, here’s the tee-
ners. Change me one of them, will you?”
The waiter went off respectfully enough
on his mission. Mr. Chedworth, looking
across the table as he put away his wallet,
found the young man’s gaze fixed brooding-
ly upon him.

  “ There’s two hundred pounds in there,”
Mr. Chedworth could not help telling him,
and nodded as though to say: “ Now snub
me if you can!”

  A thought recurred to Mr. Chedworth.
WThat about tipping the waiter? He was in
a quandary. He did not want to be mean;
on the other hand, he did not want to be a
fool and overdo it. He resolved to risk
another rebuff from the young man op-
posite.

  “ By the way, wonder if you’d mind tell-
ing me?” he said, leaning forward confiden-
tially. “ This waiter chap—what ought I
to give him? I—I never been here before,
you see. Never been to any place like this
before,” he admitted frankly. “ Want to
do the right thing.”

  The young man seemed to be waking up.
He sat back and examined Mr. Chedworth
shrewdly.

  “ Having a little holiday, eh?” he sug-
gested.

  “In a way. I—I’ve done with work.”

   9	A

  “ Retired?” questioned the young man,
and seemed puzzled to reconcile Mr. Ched-
worth’s faded coat and frayed necktie with
this theory.

  “ That’s about it. I—I got enough to
keep me going for a bit, anyway,” returned
Mr. Chedworth.

  He forgot that only he himself could
appreciate the humor of this remark, and
he winked genially at the young man to
emphasize his drollery.

  “ Saved it up, or—or speculation?” asked
the young man.

  “ Neither,” declared Mr. Chedworth,
with wine-warmed joviality. “ Yesterday

I	was a bit of a confidential clerk, and to-
day I’m—I’m a man of means.”

  “ How did you manage it?” queried the
other, with eager, swelling interest.

  But Mr. Chedworth suddenly decided
that he had confided quite sufficient amid
strange surroundings to a young man who
was quite unknown to him. Didn’t do to
tell everybody your private affairs!

  He therefore shook his head reticently,
and determined to change the subject of
conversation.

  “ Nice, lively district, this, I dare say,”
he remarked. “ Wouldn’t mind living
round here myself. That’s to say, when I—
when I hadn’t got to be somewhere else.
Do you live anywhere round these parts?”

  “ I? Yes, only a few7 streets away.”

  “ No wonder you drop in here for your
meals.”

  “ Oh, to-day—well, I had to meet some
one. Business, you know. Where do you
live?”

  “ Oh, a long way out,” answered Mr.
Chedworth evasively. “ But what I’d like
to do is to find a room somewhere handy
round here—not too showy, of course.
There’s particular reasons about that.
What I shall be looking for is a nice, quiet
place, where—where I can be private.
Where—where certain folks would never
think of looking for me. That’s the sort
of place I’m after.”

  The young man sat looking at him with
a strange intentness. Mr. Chedworth—
pleased to think how diplomatically he had
stated his requirements—awaited a reply.

  “ Come along round to my place,” in-
290

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

vited the young man suddenly. “ We’ve
got a spare room. It might be arranged—”

  He rose urgently. His face was no longer
pallid, but flushed, and his eyes were
shining with repressed excitement. He
lurked restlessly while Mr. Chedworth set-
tled his bill and gave largess to the waiter.
Three minutes later the young man and
Mr. Chedworth quitted the restaurant.

  “ Sure it won’t inconvenience you, me
coming round this time of day?” asked
Mr. Chedworth.

  The young man laughed wildly, incom-
prehensibly.

  Contrary to Mr. Chedworth’s expecta-
tion, it was to quite a shabby little by-
street in the neighborhood that the young
man led him.

  “ Oh, it’s all right—you’re quite safe,”
he exclaimed, perceiving his companion’s
surprise. “ Poor, but honest. We’ve got
the top floor over this shop.”

  He pushed open a door and led Mr.
Chedworth up flight after flight of dark
stairways.

  “ In here,” he directed, and took Mr.
Chedworth into a front room which, though
small, was furnished with admirable taste
and richness.

  The young man glanced quickly about
the apartment.

  “ My wife must have gone out,” he
observed. “ So much the better.”

  Mr. Chedworth noticed the tone of re-
lief, and idly attributed it to a notion that
Mrs. Young Man must evidently be rather
of the formidable pattern of Mrs. Ched-
worth.

  “ Sit down,” invited his host, indicating
a comfortable armchair; and Mr. Ched-
worth. sank luxuriously into its broad
depths.

  The young man went to a bureau and
stood sidewise to Mr. Chedworth while he
fumbled something from a drawer into his
pocket. Then, seating himself opposite his
guest, he regarded him inscrutably for a
full half minute.

  “ About that room?” prompted Mr.
Chedworth uneasily at last.

  “ That was only the bait,” said the
young man.

  “ Eh?” ejaculated Mr. Chedworth.

  The young man, going over to the door,
locked it and put the key in his pocket.

  “ Here,” said Mr. Chedworth, half rising
with a ludicrous expression of alarm on his
mild little visage.

  “ Listen!” ordered the young man. “ I
want eighty pounds; and you’ve got to
lend it to me—or give it to me. I don’t
care which. I’ve got to have it, and I’m
going to have it!”

  Mr. Chedworth gaped helplessly at him.
“I’m desperate,” declared the young
man. “I warn you!”

  He drew a small, shining revolver from
his pocket.

  “ Are you going to give it to me without
any trouble, or—”

  “ Don’t—don’t be so ridiculous,” gasped
Mr. Chedworth. “ Let me go! I ain’t
going to—”

  “ I’m going to have it—eighty pounds!
I’ve got to have it. And you’ve got two
hundred! ”

  “ I w'on’t! It’s—it’s robbery!”

  Mr. Chedworth was terribly frightened,
but money had always been so tremendous-
ly important a thing to him that the yield-
ing up of a sum like eighty pounds was
such an inconceivable demand that blank
amazement overshadowed even his fears.

  “ Robbery?” said the young man.
“ Rather late in the day for you to quibble
about robbery, isn’t it?”

  “Robbery, it is!” insisted Mr. Ched-
worth. “ I’ll go to the police! I shall—”
The young man laughed in loud, mirth-
less scorn.

  “ Oh, of course you’ll go to the police,”
he sneered. “ That’s likely, isn’t it? Don’t
bluff, man—don’t bluff!”

  “ I—I ain’t bluffing,” denied Mr. Ched-
worth unsteadily. “ I’ll go straight to ’em
and tell ’em how you—”

  “ Oh, no, you won’t—you won’t risk
that! What about your own little affair—
that two hundred pounds? Wasn’t that a
robbery, eh? Do you think I can’t put two
and two together?”

  “ What do you mean?” quavered Mr.
Chedworth. “ It’s honestly mine. I—”

  “ Honestly? Why, man, you’ve given
yourself away over and over again to me!
A man like you with all that money on
THE DESPERATE YOUNG MAN.

291

you! And squandering it in an expensive
restaurant. And you said yourself that you
were only a clerk yesterday. What does
all that point to? And, on top of that, try-
ing to find somewhere where you can lie
low! No, don’t try to bluff it out. You’ve
got that two hundred pounds from some-
where somehow! Theft or blackmail, or
whatever it was, you’ve got it! And you’re
going to give—yes, give me eighty pounds
of it!”

“I shan’t! I won’t! You’re all wrong!”
“ Eighty pounds4” demanded the young
man. “I’m letting you off lightly. I’m
not taking a penny more than I absolutely
need. The biter’s bitten, my friend.”

  “ You wouldn’t dare kill me!”

  11	I could! I tell you I’m desperate!”
  “You wouldn't dare!”

The young man perceptibly hesitated.

  “ Well, 1 don’t know. But if you don’t
give up, by the Lord, I’ll hand you over to
the police!”

  “ Go on,” challenged Mr. Chedworth,
thrilling with relief. “ Do it! I shan’t give
you a penny. Hand me over to the police!”
“ And what good will that do you?
You’ll get a year or two in jail. Far wiser
to give me what I ask.”

  “ I won’t,” stoutly returned Mr. Ched-
wrorth, marveling at his own courage.

  “ Give it to me, or I’ll take it,” screamed
the young man in a sudden access of pas-
sion. “ Give it to me!”

  He strode forward, pointing the revolver
straight at Mr. Chedworth. The little man,
after one dread glance at the other’s new
expression, capitulated.

  “All right—I’ll pay!” he panted.
“ Here’s—here’s the money.”

  With trembling fingers he counted out
the notes and thrust them at the young
man.

  “Just in time!” breathed the latter,
snatching at his booty. “ Another five
seconds, and— Oh, I can’t! I can’t!”
he cried wildly, and pushed back the notes
into Mr. Chedworth’s hands. “ I can’t do
it! It’s the first time—”

  He flung himself into a chair, and, cov-
ering his face with his hands, broke into
weak sobbing.

  “ Here, give me the key!” quavered Mr.

Chedworth, as much shaken by his reprieve
as by the peril of the last few moments.
“ Let me get out of this. Give me the key.
I shan’t—”

  The young man dragged the key from
his pocket and dropped it at Mr. Ched-
worth’s feet. Mr. Chedworth eagerly bent
to pick it up, and as he did so there came a
hurried rapping at the door, and a woman’s
voice anxiously called out:

  “ Brian? Are you there, Brian? What’s
wrong, dear? Let me in—let me in at
once!”

IV.

  The young man dashed the back of his
hand across his eyes and looked up at Mr.
Chedw’orth.

  “ It’s—it’s my wife,” he said. “ Don’t
give me away. I don’t want her ever to
know. I must have been mad—mad!”
Mr. Chedworth fumblingly unlocked the
door and opened it. On the threshold
stood a young and very beautiful woman.
She ran into the room and bent over the
young man. Mr. Chedworth, stepping
thankfully out onto the dark landing,
pulled the door to behind him, and leaned,
trembling, against the banisters.

  “ The police,” he whispered to himself.
“ Straight to the police! Trying to rob me
—revolver and all! The police—they’ll—”
He stopped. A disconcerting thought
flashed atlnvart his resolve. There’d be a
police court case, and it would be in the
newspapers very likely. And then it would
come out that he had two hundred pounds
on him, and that he’d met the chap at
lunch; and then Mrs. Chedworth would
want to know all about it, and there’d be
the end of his dream of idle, cheerful little
holidays by himself. And Mrs. Chedworth
would have a lot to say about hiding the
news of the legacy from her.

  No, it wouldn’t do! After all, he’d lost
nothing. He’d just keep quiet about the
affair. And, in a way, he was feeling rather
glad that this decision had been forced
upon him. That young lady—she looked
so alarmed and anxious. She’d done him
no harm. And, dare say, the young fellow
was in a pretty awkward fix.

“ Been mighty desperate myself over
2-92

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

money, before now,” thought Mr. Ched-
worth, with a faint glow of sympathy and
understanding. “ Never so desperate as
that, though, of course. Not revolvers and
that sort of thing. Always kept myself in
hand. Hadn’t got the pluck to do other-
wise, maybe. And, in the end, it always
come straight with me. Still, if you’re
pushed hard for money— No, I shan’t
say nothing to the police about it. Let
’em go!”

  He made his way slowly down the stairs.
On the first-floor landing, a stout, dishev-
eled, good natured sort of woman came
out of a door and examined him with
amused interest.

  “ Been up to the top of the ’ouse, ain’t
you?” she asked.

  He nodded. Her gaze traveled over his
clothes from faded hat to patched boots,
and she took him for something like what
he appeared to be.

  “ Another of you, eh?” she remarked.

“ What do you mean—another of us?”
“ Bills? Bless you, your sort’s going up
and down them stairs all day! Didn’t get
paid, though, did you, I’ll lay! None of
’em ever do.”

  “ I—I ain’t a bill.”

  “ Summons, then, eh?” antagonistically
surmised the woman. “ That’s worse.
There’s always one or other of you blood-
suckers—”

  “ And I ain’t a summons, neither,” de-
nied Mr. Chedworth indignantly.

  “ You don’t mean to tell me you’ve come
from the old man?” demanded the woman
in some excitement.

  “ Old man? What old man?”

  “ ’Is father! Mr. Carford’s father!”

  “ Oh, he’s got a father, has he?”

  “ Yes, and a nice specimen he is, too!
Quarreled with the boy. Won’t have a
thing more to do with ’im because -e mar-
ried against ’is father’s wishes. And her
such a nice young lady, too. It’s a sin
and shame, and if you’re a friend of the old
man’s—”

  “ Nothing to do with me, none of ’em,”
disclaimed Mr. Chedworth, and went on
down to the street.

  He hastened away from the house quick-
ly enough, but gradually his pace slackened

and at the corner of the road he halted,
deep in meditation. And at last he swung
round and briskly retraced his steps.

  “ May as well do a bit of good if I can,”
he told himself. “ What’s the use of money,
otherwise? Besides, another time he might
be more desperate. And it would be a pity
if that young wife of his— Rum,” he re-
flected. “ I’ve often wished some one ’d
come along to help me, and now here am
I going to help some one else. I feel I’ve
got to do it. I suppose that’s because I’ve
been through it myself.”

  He climbed the stairways again and
rapped at the door of the young man’s front
room.

  “ Er—what about that room you’ve got
to let?” inquired Mr. Chedworth as the door
was opened.

  Carford staggered back, gasping.

  Mr. Chedworth caught a glimpse of the
girl beyond, and he frowned in caution at
the young man.

  “ The room? The empty room?” stam-
mered Carford. “It’s—it’s this one.”
He led Mr. Chedworth into a vacant room
adjoining.

  Mr. Chedworth quietly shut the door
and turned to the young man.

  “ Going to ask you a question,” he said.
“ What did you want that eighty pounds
for?”

  “ Because we’ll be homeless to-morrow.
I’m broke.”

  “ What—broke and lunching at restau-
rants?”

  “ I w'as giving a man lunch. It was my
last chance. I thought perhaps he’d lend
me the money. But he was like all the rest
of them.”

  “ Married against your father’s wish,
didn’t you?” asked Mr. Chedworth bluntly.

  “ Yes. What’s that got to do writh you?”

  “ Won’t he help you?” persisted Mr.
Chedworth.

  “ No. He’s finished with me.”

  “ What about your wife’s people?”

  “ She’s an orphan. Why do you—”

  “ Got an idea about lending you the
money myself,” said Mr. Chedworth.

  “ You? Oh, if you would! No—I for-
got! I—I’d rather not. I know how you
got it.”
THE DESPERATE YOUNG MAN.

293

  " Paying a pretty high price for your
honesty, ain’t you?”

  “ I don’t care! I confessed about—about
that to the wife; and I’ve promised—
We’ll get along somehow. I’ll pay off
everybody, in time, once I get the chance.”
“ Got a job?” dryly asked Mr. Ched-
worth.

  “ No,” the young man had to admit.

  “ Spent all your money on the furniture,
eh? Bill of sale on it, and it’s being claimed
to-morrow—ain’t that about it? I thought
so. You’re in a nasty hole, my boy. And
if your father don’t give in—”

  “ He’ll give in, sooner or later.”

  “ Meanwhile,” Mr. Chedworth remind-
ed him, “ you’ve got to live. How are you
going to do it? Now, will you let me lend
you the money out of—of what I’ve got in
my pocket?”

  “ No! No, I tell you! It isn’t fair of
you to tempt me. I don’t wrant to get
mixed up in your—”

  Mr. Chedworth held out some bank notes
to Carford. The young man struck them
to the floor and strode from the room.

' “He’ll do!” decided Mr. Chedworth.
“ He’s straight enough.”

  He picked up his notes and followed the
young man into the other apartment.

  “ That room will just about suit me,”
he said. “ I’ll get it furnished this week.
It’s just the sort of place I want. And—and
I don’t mind paying a sort of premium for
it. Say—say a hundred pounds.”

THE

  “ I told you—” began the young man,
only to be interrupted.

  “ I’m going to tell you something first.
About me and my—my circumstances. It’s
a secret, mind. But it’s true, and I can
prove it to you. And—and I dare say I
can fix up some sort of a job for you, just
to carry you along for a bit. Sort of part-
time secretary, eh? I’m looking for some
one like that, what I can trust. Now, you
listen to what I’m going to tell you about
myself, and promise you’ll keep it dark.”

V.

  “A buttonhole!” shrilled Mrs. Ched-
worth when her husband warily entered his
home that evening.

  “I—I forgot!” guiltily exclaimed Mr.
Chedworth. “ Had—had rather an excit-
ing day, my dear.”

  “ Exciting? What happened?”

  “ Oh, nothing—nothing special. Just
been fixing up about the commercial trav-
eling. I start out on the road next Mon-
day.”

  “ And a good thing, too,” she declared.
“ But why you should go wearing vi’lets, at
your age—”

  “ Bought ’em for you, my dear.”

  “I dare say!” she returned cynically.
“ It was just a bit of extravagance, and
you’re trying to get out of it! You know
you can’t afford to go squandering your
money like that!”

END

The third story in thi* series, “ An Adjustment of Accounts,” will appear shortly.

 tr v v
 THE COMPLEX

W7HEN I step on that thirteenth tee,
I just become—well, frantic;

                  That dinky little pond, to me,

                    Looms broad as the Atlantic.

                   The Psychos tell me that it’s just
                    A complex, or such bunk,

But when I drive and holler, “ Fore! ”
My complex answers, “ Sunk!”

Robert Baker.
By MAX BRAND

Author of “The Night Horseman“Dan Barry’s Daughter," etc.

CHAPTER XXXI.

UNDYING MALICE.

WHILE he mastered himself, and as
the blood began to circulate more
quickly and his limbs grew supple,
he fought for time strictly on the defense.
But before three exchanges, Lascelle seemed
to realize the strategy of his antagonist,
and he flung himself heart and soul into the
combat.

  It was a masterful attack. The blade
alone, deft as it was in the hand of Clovel-
ly, could never have saved him from those
assaults, but in his own peculiar fashion
he danced back, swerving his body from
side to side before the assault.

  Once the darting point leaped so close
that it touched his temple near the eye;
again it slipped through his shirt and rubbed
its cold length against his naked side.

  For five minutes, death was constantly
before him, but at the end of that time the
numbness had left his legs, his wrist was
again flexible, and he had regained that per-
fect balance upon his feet which is of all
things most necessary to the fencer who
fights for his life.

  He had been driven to the edge of a plot
of roses before that time of self-mastery
came to him. One backward step would
entangle him hopelessly in the soft mold,
and to gain that advantage Lascelle pressed
his attack with a relentless fury.

  The smiling confidence with which he
had begun the battle had left him. His
expression was a settled and malignant
sneer. In every thrust he fought to kill with
the hunger of one accustomed to slaughter.
Sweat glistened upon his forehead from his
work, but his eyes were brighter than ever.

  The crisis had come. In the distance,

This story began in the Argosy-Allstory Weekly for September 27.

294
CLOVELLY.

295

Clovelly saw the four men crouched in the
intensity of their interest, following the at-
tack and the defense with little movements
of their hands, as though they recognized
the working of two masters here and were
intent not to miss one portion of the lesson.

There was the crone, too, laughing in the
moonshine and the lamplight, and rubbing
her withered hands in a savage ecstasy.

  There, last of all, was Cecily, with her
hands clasped, and her face raised. She
was praying—and for his victory!

  “ God in heaven!” cried Clovelly to his
heart of hearts. “ If she is not true, there
's no truth on earth.”

  He put by thrust and lunge. He gave
oack an inch in spite of himself, and felt
his right heel sink a little in the treacher-
ous, soft garden earth.

  “ More art, monsieur I More art and less
strength!” he said to Lascelle. “I have
played with you long enough.. In a mo-
ment I begin to give you a lesson.”

  “ You dog!” snarled Lascelle. “ Here is
he final stroke! ”

  And he lunged to the full of his long arm
and agile body. But venom had made
him hold that stroke an instant too long,
and beating it aside with a strong parry,
Clovelly side-stepped into the open, and
danced away from the garden edge into the
center of the turf where the footing was
irm beneath him.

  There was a general shout to attest this
important achievement, and again the voice
of the hidden watcher:

  “ Bravo, Clovelly! Lascelle, you are
matched! ”

  Lascelle repaid that exclamation with a
snarl, and closed again. A feint, a lunge, a
thrust in rapid succession. Then he rushed
in past the point of Clovelly until their
bodies struck together.

  There was no room to use swords then.
There was no time to shorten the weapons,
either, and Lascelle, twisting his leg about
that of Clovelly, cast him off balance and
threw him heavily.

  It would have been the death of any
ordinary man, but Clovelly was no inert
and stunned figure. He landed on the turf
as a cat might have landed, and twisted
lightly to his feet again.

  Even so he would have died, but Lascelle,
thrusting murderously when his man fell,
had missed his twisting target and passed
half the length of his rapier into the turf.
Before he could disengage his point, Clovel-
ly was on his feet.

  “Foul!” cried the voice of the hidden
watcher. “ A foul stroke, Lascelle, by
Heaven!”

  “The fortunes of war!” answered Las-
celle, panting with his work. “ Luck has
saved you, Clovelly, for the last time.”

  “ Hear me, Lascelle,” said Clovelly, anger
making him cold, according to his peculiar
nature. “ This is not Clovelly. It is the
ghost of Darnac come to take revenge upon
you. I remember now. It was such a trick
as this that killed Darnac. But it has failed
now. You are a dead man, Lascelle.”

  “ You lie!” groaned Lascelle.

  But he gave back a little, as if to recover
breath, and looked furiously around him
at the black faces of the four men who
watched, and who had instinctively run
closer at this display of unfair tactics.

  “ Aye,” said Clovelly instantly, “ look
around you, Lascelle. Your last look at
the moon. Your last scent of the night
wind. You have not a minute before you.
Darnac—Darnac—is waiting!”

  And he leaped in to the attack.

  Lascelle gave back, returned with a coun-
ter assault, maintained even war for half
a heart-breaking minute, and then retreated
again.

  There was a tumult in the court. The
hidden watcher was shouting his enthusi-
asm. The four men, quite won over from
Lascelle by his recent exhibition of foul
play, now cheered the victorious progress of
Clovelly. But the latter fought even more
with his tongue than with his sword.

  “ Stand fast, Lascelle,” he panted.
“ Brave Frenchman, do not run away, I beg
you!”

  Lascelle grinned in the savagery of his
hatred, but he dared not waste breath upon
an answer. Still the dancing point of the
Englishman’s rapier was before his eyes,
and still he retired.

  “ Beware the soft ground!” cried Clovel-
ly suddenly.

  Lascelle, in spite of himself, uttered an
296

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

exclamation of fear and leaped to the side—
straight into the point of Clovelly’s weapon!
A swerve at the last instant saved him
from a death stroke, but the leaping steel
pierced his left forearm between the elbow
and the wrist and brought out a quick flow
of blood.

  A fresh shout came from the watchers.
And now a richly dressed man ran into
view. It was that hidden watcher with the
vaguely familiar voice. It was the Duke
of Ipswich.

  “ His grace,” said Clovelly, “ has come
to see you die. Now, Lascelle,” he added
ironically, “ for the glory of France. And
remembering that narrow, dark street in
Orleans where you murdered Darnac—”

  “ Devil!” groaned Lascelle, and drove in
for the finish.

  He came half blindly. The narrow sword
of Clovelly danced, then the flicker of the
steel went out, and the point was deep in
the Frenchman’s body.

  He fell without a groan. The rapier,
still clutched in his hand, was drawn across
his breast.

  “ Clovelly,” he gasped. “ I am a dead
man.”

  “ I hope not,” said Clovelly. “ I hope
not, Lascelle. A villain I have no doubt
you have proved yourself this night; but
I pray that death will not rob the world
of so fine a fencer! Come here—in the
name of God, some one with a skill in
wounds, come to look to poor Lascelle—”

  The four came running. Ipswich himself
was hurrying forward when Lascelle mut-
tered :

  “ It is too late, my friend. I feel the
darkness in my brain. I felt the sting of
death when your point entered me. Well,
I have given it to enough! I have given
it to enough! Lean closer to me, monsieur.
I have done a foul thing to-night in this
battle. I shall repay you with a confes-
sion.

  “ Of one thing only, Lascelle. Confess
to me that when you destroyed Darnac
in Orleans it was not through fair battle—”

  “ Lean closer—lean closer! I am weak,
Clovelly. I have no strength to speak
loudly.”

  Clovelly, holding back the others as they

ran up with a gesture, leaned above the
dying man.

  “ Monsieur ” said Lascelle, “ all who say
that they saw me kill Darnac lie. The
street was empty. What happened was
this: I had fallen by tripping on a damned
loosened stone. As Darnac stood above
me, I cried out for mercy. He accepted
my surrender like a gallant and generous
man, and as he leaned to lift me from the
ground, I stabbed him thus!”

  He had been moving his sword as he
spoke, until the point was addressed to his
target. Now he thrust suddenly at Clovel-
ly’s breast. The latter was no better than
a dead man, for no movement of his own
could have saved him from the sudden
and treacherous thrust, but one of Las-
celle’s own companions, who had been
watching his face intently, jerked Clovelly
sharply to the side, so that the point of
the fallen man’s sword pricked through his
shirt only.

  “A thousand curses!” groaned Lascelle.
“ You, De Graumont, I shall return from
the grave to haunt you!”

  De Graumont shrugged his shoulders.

  “ I saw the devil come into his eyes,” he
said quietly, “ and I knew by that that there
was trouble coming. God be thanked that
I acted in time or this murderer would
have taken another victim with him to hell.”
“ Lascelle,” said Ipswich, speaking with
a voice full of horror and yet with something
of compassion as well, “ you are fast dying.
There is only one thing that can be done
for you. Whatever gifts you have to friends
or family—whatever messages you wish to
send, give them to me. They shall be de-
livered, I promise.”

  “ Friends?” echoed the dying man thick-
ly. “ Family?”

  He broke into a stifled laugh which
choked away to nothingness. His arms
and legs twisted convulsively together.
Then he lay still, looking up to the broad
white face of the moon with dull eyes. He
was dead!

  “ A plague has been removed from the
world,” said his grace of Ipswich, kneeling
by the motionless body. “ I call you all
to witness that I have never yet read, or
seen, or heard of such malice. Yet, now
CLOVELLY.

297

that he is gone, God rest him and give him
peace in English ground.”

  So saying, he closed the eyes of the
fencer. He raised the sword from the limp
hand which could no longer hold it.

  “ And, my friends,” continued the duke,
“ since he was a blackguard, but yet a
matchless man with a sword, and since
fencing is of all arts the most noble, it is
fitting that no hand after his should manage
this weapon. It was given to him, I believe,
by a prince of the blood royal of Spain.
Let it be buried with him.”

  With this he snapped the rapier across
his knee, dropped the broken fragments
upon the ground, and turned away.

CHAPTER XXXII.

THE FOG BEGINS TO LIFT.

WHAT Clovelly saw when he wiped
his sword blade and put it up in the
sheath again was not the dead man
on the ground, or the broken rapier; neither
did he hear the words of the duke, except
as a meaningless echo, for his whole mind
was bent upon Cecily, his wife.

  She no longer prayed, but leaning weak-
ly against one of the pillars which made
a portico on the west side of the little
court; her head was fallen, and the steep
shadow lay across her face. Clovelly took
heed of this with a peculiar agony of spirit.

  “Is it despair because her tormentor
has conquered? Or is it utter thanksgiving
because I have not fallen?”

  These were the questions he asked him-
self, sadly. But in the meantime, his grace
of Ipswich had taken possession of him
and was dragging him into the house, pour-
ing forth a jovial confession of his villainy
covered slightly by a pretense of a mere
sporting spirit:

  “ I was tired of hearing the Frenchman
praised as the paragon of all earthly swords-
men. I made a bet with Ormonde that I
could furnish an Englishman who would
whip Lascelle to death in a fair fight, hand
to hand, foot to foot, sword to sword.

  “ Ormonde was so confident that he of-
fered me odds of three to one. But I dis-
dained the taking of them, for I knew that

you would be my champion, Clovelly! And
I knew that an English hand and an Eng-
lish heart would match any in all the
world.”

  In the meantime they had come close
to Cecily, and the hand of the duke turned
to iron on Clovelly’s arm.

  “ By all that’s holy,” whispered his grace,
“ I had forgotten her! Present me.”

  And Clovelly, as he murmured the name
of the great noble, and saw Ipswich sweep
his finest bow to the girl, told himself that
he had come to the end of the bitterest
part that ever a man had been called upon
to play. But there was still more before
him; even crueller minutes to outface. The
duke ushered them both into the house,
and as they walked on, he found an oppor-
tunity to whisper in Clovelly’s ear:

  “ Is she stout oak and willing to give
truths a name?” he asked. “ Or is she
mincing with her words? Does she take
greater care of herself in her talk than in
her actions?”

  “ Your grace,” muttered Clovelly guard-
edly, “ she is a puzzle which I have not
been able to solve. I have ridden with her
on the road all these days, but I know less
about her at this moment than when I first
caught sight of her.”

  “ That makes me think you a philoso-
pher, Clovelly. It is usually in the twen-
tieth year of a man’s married life that he
begins to find his wife extraordinary. But,
you, Clovelly, are an exceptionally rare
and lucky fellow. You have probed the
nature of your wife to the bottom in half
a fortnight—”

  “ My lord,” said Clovelly, through his
teeth, “ no more talk about man and wife,
if you please.”

  “ What, man? Did you not really marry
her?”

  “ Only with words—an empty cere-
mony.”

  “ By Heavens, Clovelly, did you hire a
false priest for the purpose? Have you
gone to such a length as that?”

  “ No,” Clovelly replied heavily. “ We
were married by a man of God—and I wed-
ded her with a ring.”

  His jovial grace of Ipswich stared at
his companion, and stared far harder with
298

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY,

wonder when he heard the pirate muttering
to himself: “ What have I done? What
have I done?”

  “Hark, Clovelly!” whispered the duke.
“ Tell me, by all that’s wonderful, have
you a conscience in this matter?”

  “ What?” asked Clovelly, starting as
though out of a dream.

  “ This little trickster 01 a pretty-faced
girl—”

  “You are right! You are a thousand
times right. I thank your grace for re-
calling me to myself. No, no! I have no
conscience in the matter, only knowing
that in this way, and in this way alone,
I shall be able to sail the Main again
and do the work I have sworn to do there.”
“ Spoken like the true Clovelly of whom
all London, I swear, talks half of every
day.”

  “ The ship is prepared for me, then?”

  “ She is ready—ballasted with a good
cargo, manned by a selected gang of mur-
derers, thieves, cheats, coiners, deserters,
adventurers. They would storm the Tower
of London for a shilling a man. You’ll
love them, Clovelly! And they have the
clear presentment of their characters writ-
ten at large in their faces.”

  “Good!” said Clovelly, but his voice
somehow was weak.

  So they came into a little room which,
it was apparent, was part of the duke’s
peculiar quarters. It was no more than
an alcove with some shelves of books, a fire
burning to the side, a Persian carpet of
tangled reds and blues and golds upon the
floor; some monstrous dragons and other
works in china, according to the newly in-
troduced fashion, and, above all, a hanging
lamp which was supported by a slender
chain of gold and cast up, as it burned, a
slender stream of vapor, which curled across
the ceiling and then dropped into delicate
rifts through the room which it filled with
the most exquisite fragrance.

  The central table, which was of ebony
richly inlaid with ivory, was covered with
a litter of papers at which his grace had
just been working. He knocked them into
a heap, sat lightly upon the edge of the
table, swinging a foot, and waved Cecily
and Michael Clovelly to chairs. Neither

of them, however, moved, Clovelly because
he was deep in thought, and the girl be-
cause she was beginning to turn cold with
fear.

  “We have now come to the time for
our agreement,” said Ipswich in his pleas-
antest manner. “ I presume you know,
madame, that your husband is presently
called away to duties in a very distant
land, and that I am to serve as your pro-
tector during his absence?”

  There was a frightened cry from Cecily,
which brought a frown of surprise to the
face of the duke and made Clovelly start.

  “ Michael,” she demanded, “ what does
it mean?”

  “ I have promised,” he answered, finding
it hard to meet her great eyes, “ to bring
you to a heaven upon earth. And here it is.
What will you have, Cecily? Great wealth,
power, half the kingdom at your beck?
It is common knowledge that his grace
is the key to the king’s heart, and you will
have the turning of it.”

  “ You have sold me!”

  His grace stepped to the farther side
of the chamber and waited, ill at ease at
this unexpected turn of events, rubbing his
chin with his finger tips and looking hastily
from one face to the other. But Clovelly
saw that his eye was kindling. And, in-
deed, Cecily had never seemed so lovely as
she was now, with fear making her pale
and despair giving her courage.

  “ Sold you?” echoed Clovelly, gloomily.
“ I have only done my best to advance
you. What higher position could you ask?”
“ To be your wife, Michael—your true
wife to love you—to honor and obey you.
Michael, Michael, you have sworn to pro-
tect me! ”

  And now light broke upon the mind of
Michael Clovelly. He looked wildly about
him upon the luxury of that room where
a whole fortune had been lavished to make
the comfort of a single corner of a house.
He stared again at his grace of Ipswich.

  The evidence of his eyes and of his ears
had been against this woman, to damn her
as one who loved pleasure only; but here
was evidence almost equally strong that
she preferred poverty with him to all that
wealth could do for her.
CLOVELLY.

299

  “ Your grace,” he said, “ we must talk
further upon this matter.”

  “ Let madame retire to the next room,”
said Ipswich, biting his lip.

  He went to the door and opened it upon
an adjoining chamber.

  “No, no!” cried Cecily. “If I leave
you, what may happen to me, God alone
knows. Why should you talk to him?”

  “ There is no other way,” said Michael,
shaking his head.

  Then he went to her and took her hand.
And, as he stood close to her, she felt his
whole body trembling with excitement.

  “ Can you trust me, Cecily?” he said.
She lifted her head at that, and looked
him steadily, quietly, in the face. There
is a strength and a courage needed to meet
the weight of a man’s eye, but strength
and courage were in her. And this sad,
unshrinking patience gave her beauty such
a poignant grace that Clovelly’s heart
ached.

  He could only say: “ Wait in the next
room beyond this door. You will not be
long alone.”

  “ Is it good-by, Michael?” she asked him
quietly, and before he could answer she was
gone through the door.

  He closed the door upon her and turned
to Ipswich, who was regarding him steadily
beneath a scowl of anger.

  “ Mr. Clovelly,” he said grimly, “ I fear
that the country has had an ill effect upon
you. Or is it considered good manners even
in the country to whisper before one’s
host?”

  Clovelly flushed, but there was such a
wealth of happiness crowding into his heart
at that moment that he could not be angry.

  “ Your grace,” he explained, “ we must
come to a new agreement.”

  “ Ah!”

  “ I agreed to bring the lady to you.”

  “ Exactly.”

  “ And I have done so.”

  “ In a manner—yes.”

  “ And now, my lord, I shall take her
away from you!”

  “By the dear Heavens, Clovelly, you
are mad to say so.”

  “ Your grace,” said Clovelly, “ will hold
me to my contract?”

  “ Strictly, Clovelly. I have seen her,
man! I reached for gold, and I have found
diamonds. Let her go again? I am not
quite witless, my friend.”

  “ My lord,” Clovelly remarked, “ I have
in my time been a sufficient rascal. I have
been a pirate, a swashbuckler, an outlawed
highwayman, and do you think that I shall
now hesitate to steal away the woman I
love?

  “ I have fulfilled my contract, I tell you.
I have brought her to your house. As for
the ship which is your price, let it sail or
sink for all of me. I want none of it.

  “ Only Cecily I desire, and her I shall
have, by force, if need be. But surely your
grace will not attempt to keep a woman who
has shown that she has no liking for you!”
“ For the moment, perhaps not,” the
duke admitted. “ Her head, I see, has been
turned by her galloping, ranting, fighting
cavalier who has dragged her from her
father’s house and half across the kingdom.
But that will pass. I know ways to soften
stubborn hearts, Clovelly.

  “ No, no— for the matter of her present
reluctance—it is a mere nothing.

  It is not to be considered. And as for
taking her away with you again — tush,
man, she has been bought and sold. I do
not care to put a new price on her. As for
taking her away by force—I tell you Clov-
elly, that I have a dozen men here, any
two of whom could stop you.”

  These statements Clovelly seemed to con-
sider for a time, leaning against the wall
and looking down at the floor. But pres-
ently he stepped without a word to the door,
turned the key in the lock, and dropped it
in his pocket.

  “ You are quite right, sir,” he said.
“ There is only one way in which I can
safely take her away, and that is through
your command.”

  “ How will you buy that from me? Tell
me, Clovelly? I warn you that I have
taken a deeper fancy to her than to any
trifle that has met my eyes these many
years. For she has more than beauty,
Clovelly. She has brains! The clever minx
can play the part of virtue as well as any
good woman I ever saw, and—”

  “ My lord, you are speaking of my wife! ”
300

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY,,

  “Ten thousand devils, Clovelly! Are
you mad?”

  “You speak of prices and purchases. I
can pay a great price, sir.”

  “ Of pirate gold, Clovelly?” sneered the
duke.

“ Of pirate gold, my lord. Do you see?”
And, slipping his rapier from its sheath,
he made it swerve so dexterously through
the air that the yellow lamplight flashed
solid upon it.

  “Ah!” cried Ipswich. “Is that the
tune? You will murder me to take the girl
safely away with you?”

  “ If it is necessary,” said Clovelly calm-
ly, “ I shall stab you to the heart, my lord,
and take my wife away with me.”

  His grace turned crimson with anger. His
rapier hissed and hummed in the air; he
brought it forth with so much violence.
Then he saluted Clovelly deliberately.

  “ You are already half-spent with fight-
ing Lascelle,” he observed. “ Do you de-
liberately challenge me in spite of that?”

  “ In the name of God,” said Clovelly,
“ begin! ”

  “ She is worth the price! ” cried his grace,
as if the picture of her beauty had at that
instant flashed more brightly across his
memory. “ Clovelly, you are right. Gold
cannot buy a woman. The metal is too
base. The steel alone is worthy of her.
On guard!”

  He gasped out the last word as he lunged
with fury. His sword was flicked away
with a touch of the other blade so soft that
it was like the pressure of a bare hand.
And the duke suddenly was aware that it
was one thing to see Clovelly fence—-it was
quite another to feel his opposition.

  A thousand light, quick hands seemed to
surround Clovelly and pushed danger gen-
tly away from him. For a moment he stood
on the defense. Then he began to attack.

  His grace was a brave man, a thousand
times proved. Moreover, he was an ex-
quisite fencer who fought like an artist of
infinite invention. To the very last he
would be dangerous.

  But against the rush of Clovelly’s attack,
against that onslaught of a dozen schools
of fence, he was carried back as a log be-
fore a tide. Through the door of the study

and into the larger chamber beyond he re-
treated, where the clicking of steel on steel
sounded smaller and colder and raised many
little echoes from the walls.

  Still he kept a good front while his
breath held, but when his wind was gone
he was helpless. The point of Clovelly’s
rapier flickered before his eyes.

  “ Your grace,” gasped Clovelly, “ let us
make an end. You see that the advantage
is in my hand, but God forbid that I should
use it—”

  “ Damn your courtesy,” said the noble-
man hotly. “ I am as ready to die now as
a year hence! ”

  And with this, he rushed blindly in upon
Clovelly. The latter might have killed him
three times during that blind advance, but
instead, he chose to glide out of the way,
dancing back until Ipswich should come to
his senses.

  Then fate took a hand against the con-
queror. Clovelly’s foot lodged on a small
rug which slipped from beneath him as if
the floor had been greased. He landed heav-
ily upon his side, his wrist striking so solidly
that the nerves wTere numbed, the rapier
clattered from his fingers, and he lay pros-
trate and helpless before his enemy.

  It appeared for an instant that Ipswich
would pass his weapon through the body of
his opponent. He leaned above him with
his face swollen and reddened by exertion,
his sword quivering in his hand.

  “Surrender, Clovelly!” he commanded.

  “ The devil has played on your side,” an-
swered Clovelly. “ Do with me what you
will. I shall not surrender.”

  “ You are in my hands.”

  “ Stab and be damned!”

CHAPTER XXXIII.

AN UNENDURABLE DOUBT.

HIS grace was often cruel, but never
wantonly so. Now he shook his
head.

  “ If you were any other man in Eng-
land,” he said at last, “ I’d send the blade
through you, Clovelly. But I’ve an idea
that you are a man of honor, my friend.
Rise!”
CLOVELLY.

301

  Clovelly stood up, white-lipped from the
shame of his defeat, almost the first that
had ever come to him sword in hand.

  “ Tush, man, tush! ” said Ipswich. “ You
act as though some fat old man had beaten
you, or some boy newly come into his
swordship and his oaths. But I tell you,
man, that no man living can say that he has
seen Ipswich worsted with the small sword.

  “ Matters went a bit against me at first;
my wind is short and I’m damnably out
of practice. But aside from that, and the
bit of bad luck which brought you a fall,
I think I should have paid you home be-
fore the end.”

  Thus spoke the duke, raising his spirits as
he argued more with himself than with the
other. He had been a desperate and half-
beaten man a moment before, shamed and
helpless before the swordsmanship of Clov-
elly.

  But now, as he talked of the battle, he
smoothed out the doubt from his brain. He
was laying the basis for a magnificent lie,
concerning that battle, which would be
bruited through the fashionable circles of
London the next day. And as he thought
how much that tale would do to establish
him as an Achilles as well as a Paris, he
could not help looking upon his associate
with a greater warmth of good feeling. At
least, Clovelly made no reply and his si-
lence might be interpreted as an agree-
ment.

  “ However,” continued his grace, “ I
have no desire to use my sword to make
my fortune—or to save it, even! We have
fought for the lady fairly and honorably.

  “ Chance and the sword gives her to me.
I might make no other payment. But in-
stead, I shall carry out to the letter my first
agreement with you.

  “ The ship is prepared. You may take
command of it when you will. And that
should prudently be as soon as possible,
for the king’s men are looking for you,
Clovelly. Old Hampton has put another
five hundred pounds on top of his standing
reward to any one who will bring about
your capture—or your death!”

  “ There is only one thing in the world
which is of any concern to me,” said Clov-
elly.

  “ The Spanish Main! Of course! To a
man of your metal, there must be action.
England is a dull place. By gad, I feel it
myself every day. Only dull habit makes
a fool of me and keeps me here.”

  “ Not the Spanish Main. There is only
my wife, my lord.”

  Ipswich made a wry face.

  “ You love her, Clovelly?”

  The husband shrugged his shoulders.

  “ But how under heaven you can,” said
the duke, “ is a miracle to me. You are
a man of pride. And you have seen with
your own eyes and heard with your own
ears enough to—”

  Clovelly groaned.

  And at this, his grace drew back a little
and looked at Clovelly with new eyes.

  “ This is the way of it, then,” he nod-
ded, speaking more to himself than to Clov-
elly. “ The tale of Samson and Delilah
over again.”

  Clovelly was silent.

  “Take up your sword!” said Ipswich
suddenly.

  Clovelly’s eyes gleamed. Then, with a
sigh, he murmured: “ Will you run that
risk again, my lord?”

  His grace smiled faintly.

  “ I have nothing to fear from that
damned subtle blade of yours,” he declared.
“ You are an honest man, Clovelly. You
are a thousand times more honest than you
yourself guess, and I have nothing to fear
from you. That sword will be locked into-
the sheath until I give it permission to be
drawn.”

  Clovelly stooped without a word and re-
placed the weapon in its scabbard.

  “ Now, my friend, I can offer you a fail’
gambler’s chance.”

  “ My lord?”

  “ The Spanish Main, to which a vow
leads you, has shrunk to a small pond, I
take it.”

  “ There is more treasure in one word
from her than in a thousand galleons, your
grace.”

  “ Poetically expressed. Very much to
the point. But concerning another matter:
If you should attempt to live with her as
man with wife, consider that you are also
marrying your doubt of her.”
302

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  “ God knows it!”

  “You will put only one meaning upon
the smiles of men you pass in the street.”
“ I shall endure it.”

  “ You think so now. But I tell you,
Clovelly, you are wedding yourself to an
infinite torment whose fire shall not cease
to burn if you live five score years.”

  “ It is true,” groaned Clovelly.

  “ In spite of all this, you will have her?”
  “ If God will help me to her.”

  “ Now, Clovelly, your doubt of her was
based chiefly upon a story told by one
man.”

  “ Talk of Marberry—and the evidence of
my own eyes!”

  “ Eyes and ears will lie. I say, pull your
cloak about your face and go to Marberry.
Wring the full truth from him. If it is as
black as I think you will fiad it, then I am
trusting that you will never wish to lay
eyes on the lady again. But if you make
that rascal confess that he has lied, then
your doubt vanishes like a pricked bubble!”
Clovelly raised his head with a start.

  “ And while I am gone—the lady—”

  “ Remains here with me.”

  “ My lord?”

  “I have said it! She remains here with
me. While you work in your own way, I
work in mine. When you return, even if
you wish to have her, I trust that I shall
have persuaded her that there is happiness
with Ipswich.

  Clovelly turned pale.

  “ Only persuasion will be used, on my
honor! And I’ll wager you a hundred
pounds, Clovelly—”

  “ My lord, on this subject I do not bet.”
  “ Your answer, then?”

  “ There is only one choice for me. I
must take it, and leave her here—God de-
fend the right!”

  “You have grown into a pious pirate,
Clovelly. But now, start on to your work.
Adieu!”

  “ Adieu, my lord.”

  “ You have ways of making the fellow
speak even against his will?”

  A smile of infinitely cruel malignity ap-
peared upon the grim face of Michael Clov-
elly. Then, gathering his cloak about him,
he retreated to the door, bowed, and dis-

appeared. His grace stepped to a bellcord
and pulled it, whereat the soft-footed Ran-
dal instantly appeared. At sight of the
crumpled, displaced rugs, an overturned
chair, and the disorder of his master’s per-
son, his eyes grew big.

  “ Say nothing; guess nothing, Randal,”
commanded the master. “ To-day I have
mastered the finest blade in the world, fight-
ing upon equal terms. Bring me a glass of
sherry. Then lay out that newest suit of
plum-colored velvet. Quickly! Quickly!
I have a great campaign to make! ”

CHAPTER XXXIV.

GOSSIP.

THERE was need for the porter who
worked in the service of Edward Mar-
berry to be a man of discretion and
of perception. He gave the young gentle-
man who wished to see his master so im-
portunately one glance and was about to
close the door and shut the fellow into the
outer dark when something caught his eyes
—of sufficient importance to make him open
again, hastily, and stare at the man out-
side. He now seemed to make sure, for
suddenly he began to smile more with his
eyes than his lips and stepped back, waving
to the stranger to enter.

  The later slipped with a light step within
the door, a slender figure, rain-beaten, with
a cloak of black which time had rusted, a
hat with a bedraggled feather, and boots
enriched with red mud half way to the
knees.

  “ I’m sure,” said the porter, “ that Mr.
Marberry will see you—sir.”

  And with an odd accent upon the last
word, he left his guest and disappeared into
his master’s room. He came again with his
smile now broad enough to be plainly vis-
ible. And he ushered the nameless stranger
into a high-ceilinged room at one end of
which was a table covered with various
bottles and several glasses. Beside the
table, resting in a great reclining chair,
heaped with pillows, was the invalid who
had been recruiting himself and killing the
time with recourse to the wine-bottle.

  It was Edward Marberry himself, not
CLOVELLY.

303

yet recovered from a wound which he had
received at sword play with Clovelly not
many days before. Suffering of the flesh
had been less than the suffering of the
spirit of this man, who could not bear to be
shut away from all of his old delights of
fluttering around the court, of haunting the
fashionable coffee-houses, of hearing a rare
word from a wit here, and a profound judg-
ment there; of sipping like a bee at a thou-
sand flowers, a thousand bits of gossip
spiced with malice, and blending all that
pollen into a honey of delicious lies to be
given freely away to those who were his
friends.

  How could Ned Marberry endure a life
cooped within half a dozen rooms? No mat-
ter that his friends came often about him.
The aroma of the tales they told him was
staled already by time. For what is the
joy of sitting still like an old woman over
her knitting and listening to the chattered
scandal which two granddaughters rattle for
each other and for her ears?

  Far sweeter, far sweeter, surely, to over-
hear a conversation whispered in a corner
of Will’s coffee-house with so keen an ear
that all the double meanings are deciphered
and unspoken things are added to the spok-
en. How exquisite a delight to probe
through the conversation of two fops and
under the flowing of their banter to discov-
er the very names of the ladies of whom
they talk!

  In such arts was Marberry a master. He
was, indeed, a known genius in his line and
those who wished not for the rank and open
talk of the court but for those hidden un-
dercurrents and for those overtones of mis-
chief, hunted him out and made much of
him, if perchance he would open his budget
of news.

  For although it was known that he would
rather invent lies than be discovered with-
out what he reported to be a “ new tale,”
yet his lies were so cunningly planned and
always based at the foundation upon such
bedrock of truth, that they never failed to
come near enough to the truth to make
some beauty in Whitehall turn pale or
some gentleman at a fashionable tavern
wince while the steel glided through his
spirit.

  But having been confined to his room,
or damned to it, as he phrased his impris-
onment, every hour and every day infinitely
increased his misery and he was now in a
poisonous frame of mind so that a smile of
nervous malice was constantly upon his thin
lips and wrinkling his haggard cheeks, and
his tongue carried a mortal sting in every
sentence.

  He watched the shadow of the closing
door before he looked up from his chair to-
ward his visitor. Although the face of the
stranger was thoroughly masked by a high
furling cloak collar, yet Marberry saw
enough to make him shrug his shoulders
and laugh.

  “ You’ve ridden through the mud, then,”
he said. “ Lord, Betty, you’ve come on a
far journey like a little fool. Don’t stand
there like an idiot with your face still
masked. Come, come!

  “ Any man with an eye in his head could
tell by the mincing manner in which you
stand with your feet so close together, that
there is a woman beneath that cloak, and
a damned silly one, I believe! But show
your face, minx! I’m tired of talking to a
wall.”

  At this, the collar of the cloak was low-
ered.

  “ By all the dear heavens! ” breathed the
voluptuary, half rising himself from his
chair until the sudden burning of his wound
made him release his hold upon the arms of
the chair and sink back again.

  Then: “ Clovelly!” shouted Marberry.

  “ A little louder,” sneered Clovelly.
“ London will be glad to hear that I am
come.”

  “ Have you dared to show your face in
the city?” cried Marberry. “When the
whole town is placarded with descriptions
of you and rewards offered?”

  “ I have brought some few along with
me,” said Clovelly.

  He plucked some crumpled handbills out
of his pocket and cast them upon the table.

  “ The price of my head goes up,” he ob-
served casually. “ What with the contribu-
tions of the worthy squire and my lord Pen-
nistone, I considered that there was enough
offered to make me a fat prize even to a
prince of the blood royal, but now in comes
304

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

the solid Puritan, Oliver Perth, and claps
a round two hundred pounds upon my head
in addition. ’Slife, Mr. Marberry, this is
a forwarding of the king’s justice with a
vengeance, eh?”

  Marberry gazed upon him, fascinated.

  “ But what brings you to me?” he asked.
“ Why are you come to me, rather than to
any other in London?”

  “ Partly,” said Clovelly, “ to confer a
favor, and partly to receive one.”

  “And the nature of these favors?”
u Why, Marberry, I confer a favor upon
you by giving you a subject for gossip. Am
I wrong? Half of London will flock to
your chambers when they learn that the
celebrated man-killer and robber, Michael
Clovelly, actually presumed to call upon
you and tell you anecdotes of the open
road.”

  “But what anecdotes will you tell, Clov-
elly?”

  “ I should not presume to put words into
the mouth of a master. I abandon such a
small matter entirely to the invention of
Mr. Marberry.”

  “ You are kind,” Marberry declared,
smiling in spite of himself.

  “ But,” said Clovelly, “ do not have me
kill too many men. I detest bloodshed, on
my honor. Six or ten you may reasonably
put in, but there call a halt. You may tell
them, also, that Clovelly drank your health
in your own wine.”

  Here he poured a glass of sherry from the
bottle which was standing on the table,
tasted it cautiously, rolled it in his mouth
until he had formed an opinion of its ex-
cellence, and then drank off the rest of the
glass as slowly and as luxuriously as a cat
finishing a plate of cream.

  “ Will it serve?” asked Marberry.

  “ It is good. It is at least good enough.
I have tasted some sherry lately that was
like a mixture of plum juice and fire com-
bined. You are a lucky fellow, Marberry,
to have such wine under your roof.”

  “ I am very sensible of that. But since
we seem to have finished with the favor
which you are doing me,, what is the favor
which I may do for you?”

  “ A simple one, but one of the greatest
importance. You must know that every

true highwayman, Marberry, warms his
heart in his constant isolation and loneli-
ness by reflecting that most of the world
is constantly talking about him. All lonely
men are vain you know.

  “ And what you may do fbr me, is simply
to repeat the details of my visit to you with
a few embroideries from your fancy—just
such as you think will furnish a good tale.
Thus we are both benefited.”

  “ Clovelly, this is all beside the point.
You have come to London—”

  “To hear the talk about myself. I have
been loitering through the streets of Lon-
don all day tasting the gossip and picking
up odds and ends of information about my-
self, and above all enjoying the safety.”

  “ If you were seen?”

  “ I shall not be, simply because people
see only what they expect to see, and be-
cause they are blind to the unexpected. I
could walk through London for a month be-
fore the hue and the cry would be raised
against me. When I had heard what I
could in the nooks and the corners, I de-
cided to come to you so that my call might
serve to give you a basis for invention.”

  “It is true! ” murmured Marberry. “ His
grace of Ipswich will forget that he and I
have fallen out and will come to hear the
odd tale from my own lips.”

  “ I have no doubt but that you will make
a very good thing of this visit.”

  “ It is a treasure, Clovelly. I forgive you
the thrust that chained me here. I am your
friend.”

  “ You are very kind, sir.”

  “But now to come a little closer to the
cold facts of your call—you are out of
money, Clovelly. You have come here seek-
ing a little cash?”

  “ Nonsense. When there are so many
fat wallets in London one does one’s beg-
ging w’ith the edge of a knife; it cuts the
strings of purses painlessly.”

  At this though, he burst into a soft
chuckling. But all this w7hile his glance
never wavered from the eyes of his host,
and though he laughed, his expression grew
not a whit more pleasant. This was un-
easily observed by Marberry, yet he forced
himself to laugh in company with his
strange guest.

                         9 A
CLOVELLY.

305

  “ You are rare, Clovelly.”

  “ And yet, Marberry, I confess that there
is another reason for my coming to you—
keep your hand from that bell-cord, my
friend! Good! While I stand here chat-
ting, you are thinking what an excellent
figure I would make upon the scaffold be-
side Jack Ketch. Are you not?”

  “ In the name of heaven, do you think
me such a brute as this?”

  But he could not constrain his blush.

  “ Enough, Marberry. We know each
other.”

  “ Then—be damned to you for a knave.
What will you have?”

  “ The truth about a very small matter—
a matter as small as a woman, in fact; and
her name is Madame Clovelly ”

CHAPTER XXXV.

DARKNESS FLEES.

MARBERRY waved his hand as one
who will take up a conversation only
by compulsion, so to speak.

  “ Women, at best, are poor things for
talk, Clovelly,” said he.

  Clovelly sat down lightly on the broad
arm of a chair and swung one foot in the
air as he continued: “ You are a known
man, Marberry. Not a man or a woman in
London but knows what a clever devil you
are with the ladies. They cannot resist
you, man.”

  The other smiled in spite of himself.

  “ No talk of that,” he remarked care-
lessly.

  “But it must be talked of when all
London is willing to listen and to believe.
But, Marberry, I was with Milverton, as I
think you know, on a certain night when
we saw you leave a certain garden, which
shall be nameless.”

  “ I remember,” growled Marberry. “ And
the next morning Milverton would walk
with me. I peppered him properly and then
in come you with your damned sword magic
and run me through!

“ By the eternal heavens, Clovelly, it is
neither right nor fair for such fellows as
yourself to take the field against simple,
honest gentlemen. What chance have we
10 A

against you? No more chance than a man
off the streets has to match the tricks of a
master juggler.”

  He shuddered as he remembered.

  “ If I had known about you then what I
know now,” he said, “ I’d have seen you
damned before I’d have engaged you. I’d
have set a gang of bullies to maul you in
the streets by night to keep off the meet-
ing! ”

  He shivered again. “ Pour me another
glass of that sherry, Clovelly. I’m cold
through and through when I even think of
it. You might have killed me on the spot
—with no more effort upon your part. Gad,
there was a life—a special malice in that
sword of yours. I swear to heaven that it
worked against me of its own account and
of its own accord.”

  “ You say much too much, sir. But con-
cerning the lady—for, you see, I did not
kill you.”

  “ What about the lady? What about
the lady?” asked Marberry sharply. “ What
the devil have you to learn from me about
the lady? You’re married to her, aren’t
you?”

   “ After a fashion of speaking, I am.”
“After a fashion? After a fashion?
What mean you by that?”

  “ You are testy, Mr. Marberry, but the
question I wish to ask may be very short-
ly put.”

   “ Put it then, put it then, and be damned.
I’m tired of this talk, Clovelly.”

  “ In one word, then, was Milverton
right?”

  “ About what? No, damn him, he’s never
right.”

  “ Ah!”

  “ One would think that I had given you
a present of a great estate to judge by your
face. What is it you want to know of me?”
“ You have already answered me when
you said that Milverton was wrong in
thinking that Cecily Medhurst had been
your mistress.”

  “ Did I say that, then? Well!”

   “ Is it not true, man?”

  “ You are very pale Clovelly.”

   “ Is it true, Marberry?”’

  “ ’Fore God, one would think that you
loved the girl.”
306

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  “ No matter for all that. You destroy
my very soul by refusing to speak. Say
yes or no!”

  “ To what?”

  “ Marberry, if you push me too far, re-
member that I am a man of violence, and
I have been in places where sick men had
scant grace.”

  “ Come, lad, I only teased you. It’s
about Cecily, is it? But you cannot come
to me expecting to pull out all the secrets of
my inward life like a soul-doctor to whom
I’m confessing my sins.”

  “ I have not expected it for nothing.
Look here, my friend. Look here!”

  He drew his hand from his pocket and
clapped upon the table beside Marberry a
long, almond-shaped emerald. The other
took it up with a cry and looked to it with
a keen and knowing eye.

  “ Very good, upon my word!” he de-
clared. “ This will do, indeed, Clovelly.
This is a very precious jewel or else I am
a blind owl. No, by the Lord, if this green
heaven came near me, the blindness would
leave my eyes to let me see it. And this
is an exquisite and a perfect jewel, my
friend. What the devil do you mean with
it?”

   “ It’s the price, my friend. It’s the price
I’m paying you for one bit of that truth
drawn from your inner life. Tell me:
Were you the messenger of Oliver Perth,
only, or were you in truth in that garden
on a mission of your own?”

  The face of the roue wrinkled to a smile.
“Very good!” he murmured. “Very,
good, indeed! Of course, I was there sim-
ply as the messenger of the Roundhead.”

  “ Marberry, you smile.”

“ I cannot help but smile—when I think
that I was only the messenger of Perth.”
Clovelly staggered, and dropped his hand
upon the back of a chair to support him-
self.

  “ It is true, then,” he whispered. “ And
she is as black as I have guessed!”

  Marberry shrugged his shoulders and
cherished the emerald between his hands.

  “ For such a price—one must tell the
truth even about a charming lady, my
friend. Even though the truth is a fire that
burns you.”

  Then, brighter than the shining of the
jewel, the blue-white of the naked sword
blade shone in Clovelly’s hand.

  “ What a good work it would be,” he
snarled through his set teeth,” to loose that
jackal soul of yours and send it hunting in
another world than this! What an act of
charity it would be!”

  Marberry shrank from him and twisted
both his hands into a knot before his face
to keep from his view the quivering, bright
death.

  “ Do you mean to murder me, Clovelly,
for telling the truth?”

  “No. But for most damnably lying!
You have two seconds in which you may
commend yourself to God—if you have a
God! Marberry, you are about to die.”

  “ No! ” screamed the wounded man, cow-
ering in the chair, his lips grinning in the
agony of his fear. “ In the name of mercy,
Clovelly.”

  “ Speak the truth, then!”

  “ I shall—I shall—”

  He choked and gibbered in his frantic ef-
fort to speak, while the terror nearly froze
his lips.

  “Now!” commanded Clovelly.

  “I came from Perth to her!” gasped
Marberry.

  “ Is that the truth?”

  “ The whole truth.”

  “ You lied when you hinted that she
served you as a mistress?”

  “I lied, Clovelly.”

  “To make the world think you invinc-
ible with women?”

  “ Yes—yes—before God, you shame me.
But that was the reason.”

  “ And you sacrificed the pure name of a
blameless girl for that same reason?”

  “ I confess it.”

  “ Tell me this—have you ever dreamed
or guessed at evil in her?”

  “No!” gasped Marberry, twisting in his
chair as the foulness of his sin was drawn
out from him in its full horror. “ I swear
to you, Clovelly, that so far as I have
known her, she has always been more of
a saint than a woman.”

  There broke from Clovelly’s lips a wild
shout of joy. He cast up his hands, his
face suffused with color.
CLOVELLY.

307

  “ Then instinct was right,” he cried. “ It
has told me the truth whenever I have been
near her. It has roared out to me above the
evidence of my eyes and my ears. She
had met you secretly for the sake of Perth.
With the courage and the pure heart of a
blameless girl, she dared to interview you
in the middle of the night and dismiss you
herself from the gate of the garden.”

  “ She did.”

  “ Marberry—you consummate devil! Oh,
Cecily, my beautiful—”

  And he turned and rushed from the room.

  When he was gone, Marberry reached for
the bell—but a second thought made him
draw back his hand again. Whatever he
had lost in that interview, he had gained
a jewel of which a king might have been
proud.

  He leaned back in his chair again. The
congested look of fear and shame left his
face. The emerald lay like a pool of the
purest beauty in the palm of his hand. It
was more to this voluptuary than any
woman.

  But in the meantime, Clovelly had
reached the street with a brain on fire. For
the dread which haunted him now was that
at the very moment when he discovered the
perfect purity of Cecily, she would be lost
to him.

  It was strange enough, he thought, that
she could have preferred him to Ipswich
even for an instant. But it would be a
miracle indeed if she still preferred him
to the duke when the latter had had a
chance to show himself in his most winning
fashion to her and display before her all
the resources of his fortune, all the talents
of his person.

  It was White Harry that he rode through
the streets of London, but even the speed
of this powerful animal was slower than
a snail’s pace dragging him wearily out the
Oxford road. White Harry was staggering
with exhaustion when his master at last
flung himself from the saddle.

  Into the court ran Clovelly; and there
the solid blackness struck him in the face.
No light was burning. All was sordid
darkness.

  It so sickened him that he felt his
strength give way at the knees. He stag-

gered to the nearest door. The handle
turned at once and admitted him to a
pitch-dark hall. He called out he knew
not what, and the long echoes rolled away.
The house was empty.

  And then, feeling what it meant—that
Cecily had indeed made her choice and that
Ipswich had taken her with him to another
dwelling—all his agony broke from him in
a terrible cry: “Cecily!”

  He dropped upon his knees; he covered
his face with his hands; no tears came from
his eyes, but his body shivered and was
wrenched with agony. For this, he told
himself, mutely, was the judgment of God
come upon him. Here was the end of his
strength. Here was a defeat which all his
skill with the sword could not redeem, but
he was wrecked as utterly as a fine ship
struck suddenly upon a reef.

  Then it seemed to Clovelly that he heard
that voice of infinite sweetness calling to
him out of the distance of his memory,
“ Michael! ” as she had called on that other
night when he had lost her in the wood,
and she had guided him back to her with
her own voice. At that memory, he felt he
should go mad.

  And ah! what a consummate fool he had
been to doubt her after that final proof of
faith. What a fool to make the slightest
question of her, after once looking into the
crystal purity of her eyes!

  But, small and far, yet vibrant with
grief and fear, he heard that cry again:
“ Michael!”

  “It is not possible!” groaned Clovelly.
“ God, having seen me and judged me,
would not let me find her again. This is
all an illusion to drive me mad.”

  A door opened, and into the thick black-
ness of that hall came her very voice like
a blinding light to Clovelly:

  “ Michael!”

  He tried to answer, but his throat was
aching and stiff with the marvel of this
thing. Then he stretched out his arms, al-
though he could not rise from his knees.

  He managed to utter a sound, he knew
not what word, but it brought a wailing cry
of joy down through the darkness toward
him, until suddenly she was within his
arms, she was kneeling before him, she was
308

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

weeping, and the catch and the panting of
her breath stirred against his cheek.

  “ I have heard everything from that dog, '
Marberry,” he told her. “ I know it all—

I know everything of your sweetness and
goodness—of my blindness—”

  “ And I, Michael, know only this—which
is that I love you, I love you, my dear-
est—”

  Afterward, they could speak of lesser
things; they could descend out of the sweet-
ness of their lovers’ heaven to the dull and
foolish earth and light a taper to aid their
eyes. And then she gave him a letter which
Ipswich had left with her for her husband
when he came. He tore it open and read
within:

  Clovelly:

  I have made your peace with the king.

  You are no longer an outlawed man. There

  is only one punishment for having doubted
  the blessed angel who has been foolish enough
  to love any man—that is to find her in a
  dark house alone. In the meantime, know
  that that house is yours and everything in it.
  You will see that if I sometimes pay much
  for the services of a crafty man and an evil
  woman, I shall pay much more for the friend-
  ship of a strong man and a good woman.
  God bless you both with happiness. She is
  a dear child. I blush for my folly that I
  should have dared to doubt her.

The scoundrel Marberry must be left to me.

                                               G. I.

  When they had read that letter, they
blew out the taper and sat silently in the
darkness again, watching the moon rise over
the woodland and then pass into the fra-
grant gloom of the chamber where they sat,
creeping across the floor until their feet were
bathed in silver, and the tendrils of the vine
which swung at the window were little
branches of purest silver also.

         THE END

 v	u	tr
HARBINGER OF AGE

 IWTY years are not many. To tell the truth—
      Well, fifty and some odd, then.

 But what is that in these days when youth
 Lasts on until threescore ten?

 I know that my hair is the least bit gray,

 And possibly thin on top.

 But, goodness me, I can golf all day
 Or waltz till the players drop.

 I don’t eat gruel and I need no cane.

 And I haven’t grown sour nor staid.

 My hearing’s good and my teeth pertain,

 And I still have an eye for a maid.

 To-day at the Smythes—Betty Brown was there—
 Nineteen, and an imp for fun;

 And some one bet that she didn’t dare
 To kiss me. Well, Betty won.

 She kissed me light as a whisp of spray—

 Not giggling, nor shy, nor bold—

 But quite in an every-day, thoughtless way,

 And I know that I’m getting old.

Louis B. Capron.
By CHANDLER P. BARTON

FROM the lone tree which adorned the
highway from Encina to Trinidad
hung four dead men, pendant like
flying foxes or monstrous cocoons to the
gnarled dry branches. Grass, as sparse as
a Tartar’s beard, vainly tried to cover the
ground, and made a charred forest for big
lazy ants; horned toads basked in the shade
of skeletal shrubs, and a little way off a
pinto pony impatiently pawed the sand.
Beneath the tree, his hands propped behind
him, lay a man. Over his buckskin chaps
and glossy tall heeled boots, sprawled the
grotesque shadows of the bandits.

  The man was brown and had gun-metal
colored eyes which gazed out across the
desert. It was gray, and rumpled as a
great fallen tent, and cactus and yucca trees
stuck through it like the hands and arms of
giants caught in the wreckage. Along the
base of the distant hills a freight train
crawled, and then entered a tunnel, like a

string of red ants. To the left, through a
yellow haze, as of pollen dust, were faintly
visible the squat misshapen buildings of a
town, from which a road projected toward
the oasis. Along this road advanced a khaki
colored dust cloud.

  After a while through the blur a horse
was visible, and the dim outlines of a wagon.
Later the wagon was seen to be a buck-
board, on the seat of which slumped a
lone driver.

  When he drew up beside the tree the dust
wake floated ahead and enveloped him, then
slowly precipitated onto the road. The man
on the ground shoved his gun back into its
holster, then sat up and clasped his knees.
There was no need for caution here: buck-
board, horse, and driver were on a last
feeble race to the scrap heap.

  With his sleeve the stranger smeared a
streak of mud across his brow, and raised
his eyes to the hanged men.
310

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  “ Do you know what you’re sitting un-
der?” he drawled.

  The other looked up through the filigree
of leaves and branches at the pleasant blue
and gold of the sky. The sun was like a
pan of sizzling butter; and floating across
the zenith were feathery white clouds—-
swishy clouds, as though swept by some
celestial broom. Then against the white
background appeared three black patches
which glided back and forth, described
great swooping circles, and finally hovered
for a while, almost motionless. He brought
his gaze back to the limbs of the tree and
grunted to the question an indifferent af-
firmation.

  “ Kind of a funny place to sit, ain’t
it?”

  “ I used to know some of these guys,”
replied the man under the tree. “ I’m sort
of interested.”

  There was a brief silence as the stranger
turned and spat at a cactus leaf on the far
side of the buckboard. He missed and the
road spat back a puff of gray dust. “ Darn
good job though.”

  The other looked up blankly.

  “ I say it’s a darn good job—hanging
those fellows.”

  “ Yes, I guess they were a pretty bad
lot. Some of them were good scouts though.
Take that one hanging on the end there.
He could fight with anything from a beer
bottle to a rapier, and he was a prince to
talk or drink with. Sierra Sam always had
something of the old time cavalier about
him. Look at those mustachios, for in-
stance, and that crimson sash around his
waist. Even his rope necklace he wears
with a distinguished air.”

  The buckboard driver dropped the reins.
His horse nearly fell. “ You seem to be
quite an admirer of his.”

  “ I am. On the other hand that fellow
next to him was a surly cuss. You couldn’t
trust him long enough to blink your eyes.”
He looked up to where hung Zapato, the
half-breed renegade, with his eyes and
tongue disgustingly protruding. “ He was
brave, all right, but you could never be sure
his delight in disemboweling gringos
wouldn’t be directed against yourself.”

  “ Who was that next to him?” The

stranger pointed to a pair of great feet
which dangled from the topmost branch.

  “ Walrus Bill? There wasn’t an ounce of
meanness in old Bill. There was just barely
room in the big hogshead for his heart, and
he used to kill deputies with all the good
nature of a mastiff.”

  The driver looked again, as though to re-
assure himself that Bill was dead. “ It’s
funny,” he said, “ I never knew any of
those guys. I’ve lived around here for
thirty years and that little one on this side
is the only one that even looks familiar.”

  “ Little Dude Davie? You would have
been more apt to know him. He acted as
a link between the band and the express
companies and banks. He looks ridiculous
there, don’t he, beside the walrus? Davie
used to be a forger and pickpocket, but
he got tired of being respectable, so he came
out West.”

  The stranger crossed his legs and leaned
back, one arm holding apart his head and
the seat. “ You didn’t happen to know the
chief, too, did you? I’d be willing to trade
the whole lot for him. He’s the cleverest
crook we’ve had out here since the early
days.”

  The man under the tree flicked an ant
from the tall heel of his boot. “ I don’t
know,” he said dubiously. “ I figure it’s
more luck than anything else, with a little
ordinary head work thrown in maybe.”

  “ How do you mean?”

  “ Well, the night they were caught, for
instance. The chief’d be hanging up there
now only he happened to be in town with a
toothache.”

  “ Where’d you get that?”

  “ We go to the same dentist.”

  Another gray puff from the road, and the
driver grew reflective.

  “ Yes,” he conceded, “ that was luck all
right. But take that express robbery he
pulled last month. That train was a regu-
lar traveling arsenal, and yet they wasn’t a
shot fired.”

  “ Just an example of the head work I
was telling you about. The chief figured
the job’d go off a lot smoother if the
guards had ammunition without any pow-
der in it, so one of his gang who was work-
ing with the company fixed it up for him.”
AN ENGAGEMENT IN TRINIDAD.

311

  The stranger leaned forward, his elbows
resting on his knees. “ I still claim though,
he’s clever. Yet, they’s always one weak
spot in the best of them: He’s going to
get caught seeing that girl of his in Trini-
dad.”

  “ I’m not so sure about that either.
She’s got a pretty good head of her own.”
The driver pulled a plug from his pocket,
brushed the dust from its gnawed edges
and then took a prodigious chew. When it
had found a comfortable bed in his mouth,
“ You know more about this fellow’s busi-
ness,” he said, “ than anybody I seen.
Where’d you get all your information?”

  “ I work up at Red McDonald’s place at
Las Palmas. The gang used to come in
there, and I guess the chief took a liking
to me. When he’d had a few drinks he got
confidential.”

  A gleam of intelligence lighted the wiz-
ened face of the owner of the buckboard.
He scratched his head and examined the
other perplexedly. “ That’s most in-
terestin’,” he said, “ but I can’t quite get it
clear why I never met you before. Red
McDonald’s is one of my favorite saloons.”
“ I just helped out once in a while in the
evenings. Probably I was off when you
happened to be there.”

  Now the driver absorbedly studied his
new acquaintance who looked back, ques-
tioning. “ Excuse me,” said the stranger,
“ for staring at you this way, but you look
surprisin’ly like a brother of mine who went
out to the Coast.”

  “ They say there’s a double for every-
body in the world,” the other answered. In-
differently he strained sand through his fin-
gers, and a reply formed on the driver’s lips.

  Then, of a sudden a road runner skimmed
and whirred past, within a foot of the rick-
ety buckboard. The stranger grabbed the
reins of his frightened horse, and from un-
der his denim jacket there was a flash of
nickel plate. The man looked up with a
start as the deputy confusedly buttoned his
coat. For a minute they stared at each
other, wondering how much the other knew.
Then:

  “ Weren’t you goin’ to say something
when that road runner disturbed you?”
asked the chief.

  “ Yes, I was wondering why you didn’t
grab some of those fellows hanging up
there. Didn’t you know they was worth
a thousand bucks apiece?”

  The chief looked towrard his horse which
was now stripping vthe leaves from its sec-
ond shrub. “ I don’t believe in double-
crossing,” he said.

  “ Hm-m,” said the deputy. “ That seems
to me like pretty close figurin’. I think I’d
rather be in Jim Smith’s shoes. I under-
stand he used to belong to Terry’s gang,
but now he’s got four grand cold, just for
pointin’ out the old mine where they hung
out.”

  The eyes of the chief narrowed. His re-
ply embraced the whole family of Slippery
Smith.

  “ I take it you don’t care much for Jim
Smith?”

  A buzzard, with its dusty, ragged wings
and ugly red head, alighted a short distance
off and gaped evilly at the tree. “ He beat
me on a horse trade once,” said the chief.
“From what I’ve seen of Slippery Smith
the only thing he ever did straight was
shootin'.”

  “ You got to admit though he’s fond
of horses. He’d be crazy about your pinto
there.”

  “Yes,” said Terry, “ I suppose hyenas
have their good points, too.” He rose and
walked sidewise toward his horse. The
deputy gathered his reins.

  “ You might meet Jim if you’re goin’
toward the cross roads. I just saw him at
the blacksmith’s when I left Las Palmas.”

  “ I’ll try not to let it spoil my evening.”
Terry mounted and walked his horse
alongside the buckboard.

  “ Well, so long. Hope I see you some
time at Red’s.”

  “ Thanks,” answered Terry, “ but I been
located at Trinidad lately. If you’re ever
over that way look me up.”

  The deputy awakened his drooping horse,
and after watching him until he was out
of range Terry galloped off in the opposite
direction.

II.

  As he approached the cross road from
Las Palmas Terry cursed himself, the tenth
312

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

time, for a fool. A point of pride with the
chief was an ability to sense the presence of
all minions of the law by instinct. And to
have given, himself away to such an in-
nocuous appearing old wreck was particu-
larly disagreeable. By nature, however, a
fair man, who always offered a victim his
life in exchange for his purse, he was dis-
posed to believe in the fairness of heaven,
so silently offered thanks for the road run-
ner and flash of nickel. He further con-
soled himself with the thought that he
might be able to pay off an old debt. The
chief was scrupulous in these matters.

  It was unfortunate though to be discov-
ered at this particular time. He looked
toward Trinidad, with its ill-proportioned,
old freight car colored houses. Then he
considered the endless row of telegraph
poles which lined the road, and the fila-
ments which connected them, sparkling in
the bright sunshine. Terry had an engage-
ment that night in Trinidad, and not only,
as he said, did the girl have brains: she was
constructed like a mail car, and had a
mouth more enticing than the lock on an
express box. Reaching the four corners he
waited patiently for his creditor to appear.

  Soon, trotting toward the four corners
from Las Palmas he saw a bay horse with
a rider, who, as he approached, had some-
thing unpleasantly familiar about the car-
riage of his body. When he came closer
Terry noticed that the gait of the horse
slackened, and observed a broad black felt
hat tilted forward over its owner’s face. One
who did not know the man might have
thought that this was to shade his eyes; but
Terry knew that it was because the eyes of
Slippery Smith had a shiftiness that would
not bear looking at.

  Finally his horse was drawn to a walk,
and two other eyes stared at one another
from the hip of each man. A hair’s pres-
sure on either gun would have discharged it,
and the men estimated each other like two
bull terriers until at last the chief looked
up, half smiling.

  “ I figure,” he said, “ there isn’t much
sense to us both dying at the same time—
what do you say we put up the artillery?”

  The eyes of Smith narrowed as he peered
past the horizon of his hat brim. “ I was

just thinkin’ the same way,” he answered,
“ but I had a feeling our relations wasn’t
very friendly these days.”

  The pressure on the triggers lightened.
“ You mean for squealing on the gang? I
believe in being sensible about that. The
way I look at it that was a good job for
both of us: you get the reward, I get five
times the loot.”

  “ It’s sure a pleasure to talk to a man
who sees things so clear,” answered Smith.
The guns were retired to their holsters.
“ Of course I knew you’d get away or I
never would have done it.”

  “ I want to thank you for that,” said the
chief.

  “ Don’t mention it at all. I just natur-
ally have a profound respect for men of
ability. On the other hand I figure fools
are fair game.”

  “ Sure,” answered the chief. “ And if
ever there was a bunch of bums those guys
were it. It took more than half my time
keeping them out of trouble.”

  At this Slippery Smith relaxed. “ It’s
rather astonishin’,” he said, “ how many
ideas we got in common. Did you ever
think of goin’ into some legitimate busi-
ness?”

  “ I never had much experience along that
line,” said Terry. “ Law sort of cramps
me.”

  “ You’d soon get onto it. All you got to
do is keep your eyes open. People are just
dyin’ to trade gold pieces for plugged
nickels.”

  “ I don’t know. I’m getting kind of old
to learn a new trade. I ain’t as versatile
as you are.” The chief again regarded the
wires and long line of poles as the pinto
strained at his bit, his legs and body tense
as though made of sprung steel.

  “ It looks to me like you got pretty good
taste in horse flesh. That’s a good business.
Another thing I noticed about people is
they seem to favor bad horses to good ones.
You can make a good livin’ just by pleasin’
them.”

  Terry touched a spur to the pinto’s
flank. It wheeled and then edged, quiver-
ing, alongside the bay. “ I suppose that’s
true,” he said, “ but all the fine points miss
me. If a horse has got endurance and a
AN ENGAGEMENT IN TRINIDAD.

318

lair amount of spirit that’s all I know
enough to ask for.”

  Jim Smith’s shifty eyes examined the
pinto from muzzle to fetlocks, then reached
over and stroked its nose. “ Maybe then
we could arrange a little private business?
I got a weakness for pintos.”

  “ I got no objections,” said the chief.
“ Color don’t carry much weight with me.”
Smith rolled a cigarette and lighting it in-
haled a deep puff. “ I tell you what I’ll
do.” His words and the smoke came out
together. “ Business has been pretty pros-
perous with me lately. I’ll give you the bay
for him and fifty bucks to boot.”

  “ That sounds like fifty to the good to
me,” said Terry. “ I know you wouldn’t
ride anything that wasn't at least passable.”
The men swung to the ground and loosed
the cinches on the belly bands. Having
changed saddles they remounted and the
chief extended his hand. Slippery Smith
took it limply. “ Don’t happen to be ridin’
toward Trinidad do you?”

  “ No, I’m headin' for Santa Ynez to-
night. I might see you there to-morrow
though, if you’re goin' to be around.”

  “ Sure, I generally play a little pool after
lunch. It pays the board, and I sort of
enjoy it for a relaxation.”

  “ All right, I’ll look you up.” They
crossed the road together and then Smith
turned the pinto toward Trinidad. “ Oh,
and say,” called Terry. “ I’m expectin’ an
important telegram in Trinidad this evenin’.
In case you don’t see me to-morrow you
might forward it to me.”

  “ Glad to. And if I was you I’d seri-
ously consider going into business. It’s
more profitable in the long run, and you get
away from all the nervous strain. In your
line you never know what’s liable to hap-
pen.”

  “ It’s worth thinkin’ about all right,”
said the chief.

III.

  At the top of a low hill a short distance
along the road to Santa Ynez Terry stopped
and watched Slippery Smith as he galloped
toward Trinidad. Behind him the setting
sun streaked the horizon with vermilion and

red and cast a green veil over the blue of
the sky. The mountains slowly pulled dark
purple quilts over the rose blankets which
still covered their heads; the windows of
the town turned to great topazes and its
crude outlines softened.

  The bandit though was more interested
in the little grove of trees which adorned
the outskirts of Trinidad. He thought he
detected a stirring of life there. It might
have been some stray cattle seeking shelter
for the night, but as Slippery Smith ap-
proached Terry had a feeling that this was
not the cause. Cattle are not so careful to
conceal themselves, nor does their presence
make leaves tremble or boughs bend
down.

  He watched the long easy strides of the
pinto as it entered the shadow' of the grove.
He admired the seat of Jim Smith in the
saddle and regretted for a moment that so
able a man should have such an inadequate
sense of honor Then he saw7 a dozen gray
puffs, like moths against the green back-
ground: the pinto leaped to one side and
then dashed frightenedly into the grove. As
the sharp rifle reports reached the Santa
Ynez road Slippery Smith threw up his
arms and fell in a crumpled heap.

IV.

  That evening, while the buckboard
driver was on his way to Trinidad, and
the local deputies were making explanations
to the coroner, Terry circled the town and
entered by the road from Elco. Before the
gate of a small white house he w'histled, and
a moment later a girl ran out and threw her
arms around the chief.

  As they walked along the dark street she
clung to him like a starved puppy. He put
his arm around her and looked down smil-
ing. “ Been worried?”

  Coaxing eyes greeted his smile. “ Will
you promise me something, Terry?”

  “ Maybe. What is it?”

  “ Give up train robbing—for me?”

  “ Well, maybe—for you,” said the chief.
“ I like to know where I stand: you never
can tell what’s going to happen in busi-
ness.”

THE END
C’

iHEESE!”

  As Conley came out of the deep
sleep into which he had fallen after
stopping O’Hern’s fist with his chin, this
syllable, sibilant, and rather soft and sooth-
ing at first, came to his ears.

  Considering the matter afterward, he dis-
tinctly remembered that the sound was, to
begin with, distant, soothing, impersonal.
He had been reclining against the ropes in
his corner of the ring when his eyes had
opened, and then his ears. His eyes as-
sured him that about the spacious hall of
the Pastime Athletic Club were moving a
great many bodies; not the constellations of
stars which he had seen at the instant he
interrupted the flight of that missile which
had felt so surprisingly like a horseshoe im-
bedded in a boxing glove, but rather bodies
which moved with deliberation and grace,
and between whom and him there seemed
to be not the slightest ill will. These bodies,
he realized (considering the matter later),

constituted the crowd trying to get out of
the Pastime’s lone entrance in time to catch
last cars home. It was from the crowd that
had come the syllable so sibilant and inof-
fensive at first.

  Then out of that mass of bodies, so court-
ly and courteous as he remembered them
at the beginning, there had popped a face;
and from between the lips of that face, dis-
torted by wrath or mirth, he could not tell
which, there had issued:

  “ You cheese! ”

  There was no mistaking. Hazy as Con-
ley was and as inclined to float indefinitely
in the ether, he realized that the stranger
had likened him to a cheese, and not be-
cause of admiration. There then appeared
other similar faces; one, two, three, a score
or more; all distorted offensively and all
referring to the same dairy product.

  Nothing other than this experience could
so quickly have brought him to his senses,
not even the bucket of cold water with

By RODERICK WILLIAM SILER
ONLY CHEESE.

315

which his lone attendant, Manager Martin
Burke, industriously swabbed him down.
His natural truculence, absent only when
he was asleep or partially comatose as at
present, began to assert itself. His lower
jaw, recently moved up and back by
O’Hern, once more assumed preeminence in
his face. “ A fine bunch,” he thought.
“ Because O’Hern, the lucky stiff, happened
to smear me, they’re off me! A fine bunch!”
No such crowd of quitters, emitting a
certain monosyllable though some of them
were, could permanently squelch Pat Con-
ley. He looked them in the eye, and even
began to frame his lips on a few polysyll-
ables of his own. Steadily was he improv-
ing, as Martin Burke, trying to get him per-
pendicular, could vouch for; until among
that departing throng he saw the face of
Liola McDermott.

  Sweet-faced Liola, his girl, was being
borne off in a group of his intimates among
the Pastime youths and ladies. Evidently
they despaired of his arising before morn-
ing. Liola kept her soft, dark eyes on him.
And then—he could have sworn to it! —
Liola’s mouth shaped itself to say:

  “ You big cheese! ”

  At that Pat Conley relapsed. His head
again dropped forward on his chest. So
that Manager Martin cried somewhat im-
patiently into his ear:

  “ Come on, Pat! Get off your back, will
you? They’ll be turnin’ the lights out on
us, yet!”

  Ignoring this plea, Conley heard Burke
call for help to little Tom Thorpe, a for-
mer admirer not yet out the door.

  “ Give us a hand here with Pat, Tom,”
said the manager. “ O’Hern sure nicked
him this time. He’s wabbly yet, and his
legs no good at all. Us two will have to
slide him along to the showers.”

  As Burke and the still faithful Tom
hooked Conley under the arms and dragged
him, on his heels, off the scene of his mis-
fortune, he, himself, was more active men-
tally than physically. He pondered. He
considered the obnoxious mention of cheese.
Why, at the moment of his ill luck, was
cheese referred to? What resemblance was
there between him in his downfall and a
cheese?

  A possible answer to that suddenly struck
him cold.

  Did they think the resemblance one of
color? Could they believe that he was
touched with sickly saffron, hateful orange
-—with yellow!

II.

  In the home of Patrick Conley, some eve-
nings after the collision, the recent event
was considered in great detail. Here Con-
ley, Sr., father of Pat, conferred with Man-
ager Martin Burke.

  “ ’Tis a strange thing to me, Martin,”
ventured Mr. Conley thoughtfully over his
pipe, “ that Pat has always sich bad luck
wid this O’Hern. ’Tis the third time they
have met wid the gloves on. Every time
Pat has done very well until the last roun’;
and thin it is, each time, that O’Hern does
manage to paste him for a home run.”

  “ It’s psychology, Mr. Conley,” asserted
Martin.

  Mr. Conley shook his head.

  “ It may be so,” he said at last, “ but
I’m thinkin’ Pat has none of that.”

  “ It’s psychology,” insisted Burke. “ You
know, Mr. Conley, I’m a salesman durin’
the day, when I’m not helpin’ Pat become
amacher champ. Well, it takes psychology
to sell goods. And it takes psychology to
win fights.”

  “ How does it work?” inquired Mr. Con-
ley.

  Martin cleared his throat.

  “It’s like this,” he explained: “ O’Hern
and Pat and I went to grammar school to-
gether. Now O’Hem’s drivin’ a milk
wagon, Pat’s learnin’ the steam fitter’s
trade, and I’m sellin’. It’s a long ways from
now to when we were kids together. But
when we were kids O’Hern could lick us
all with his fists. And we can’t forget it.
So that though Pat can lick better men
than O’Hern with the gloves, when it’s
O’Hern he’s in front of he’s no better than
a ham.”

  “ A cheese.”

  “ Exactly.”

  “ So that Pat will always be bate by this
disease as sure as if he had the smallpox,”
commented Mr. Conley dolefully.

“ He will unless we use psychology, too.”
316

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  “ How kin we do it?”

  Here Martin smoothed back his black
hair and straightened the green tie beneath
his plump and rosy chin.

  “ I’ve been thinkin’ of that, Mr. Con-
ley,” he admitted. “ That’s where every
fighter, whether he’s a professional or an
amacher, needs a manager. The fighter
uses his fists and the manager that what
lies under his hat. Next month there comes
the fights for the amacher championships,
and it’s up to me to find some way for Pat
to bump off this gazoop, O’Hern.”

  A thoughtful silence ensued, broken at
last by Conley, Sr., saying:

  “ ’Tis strange that in this country, whin
a man’s not doin’ well, people should spake
of cheese. What is their objection to it?
There is no food in the wur-rld a greater
blessin’, I’m thinkin’, exceptin’ pertaters.”
Another silence followed, this time to be
ended by the manager’s speaking.

  “ I do not understand, Mr. Conley, why
it is that a man should object to being called
a cheese. But he does, as you know. So
does Pat. There’s nothing in the world he
wouldn’t rather be called. It’s worrying
him. The smack he got from O’Hern was
all over in a few minutes, but the wallops
he gets from being called a cheese last.
After the fight some of the boys were a
little sore. O’Hern belongs to the John L.
Sullivan Club, as you know, Mr. Conley;
and besides that the boys had bet their
money on Pat, who they think is the better
man. Pat heard some of ’em mentionin’
cheese after the fight, and he’s come to
thinkin’ they call him nothin’ else now.
He’s got so bad he thinks Liola McDermott
calls him by the same name behind his
back. Now, you know Liola wouldn’t call
any one a name—and least of all, Pat. It’s
psychology workin’ on Pat.”

  “ It’s too bad, too bad,” commented Mr.,
Conley mournfully.

  “ I’m not so sure of that,” said Martin,
“ I’m thinkin’ it may be the savin’ of Pat.
The more he hears of cheese, maybe the
better he’ll fight. When he thinks every-
body is callin’ him, behind his back, Roque-
fort or Swiss or Camembert or Pimento or
Gorgonzola, or maybe Limburger, he’ll put
up a terrible battle to stop it.”

   “ ’Tis true that Pat never cared much for
furriners,” admitted Mr. Conley.

  “ I’m figurin’ on that,” said Martin.
“ That’s psychology, Mr. Conley, and it’s
something a manager don’t want to forget.”

  But the senior Conley was dubious.

  “ We had fights, and many of thim, in
ould Ireland whin I was a boy,” said he.
“ But never once do I remimber hearin’
of this disease.”

  “ Tut, tut, Mr. Conley,” rejoined Man-
ager Burke airily. “ But begging your par-
don, there’s many a thing we have in this
country and these times, they were com-
pletely ignorant of in the olden days.”

III.

  A week before the bouts for the amateur
championships there was a dinner at the
Conley home, to which sat down with the
family Miss Liola McDermott and Man-
ager Martin Burke. Never did Mrs. Con-
ley go to greater expense and care in pre-
paring a meal and, as far as the food itself
was concerned, never was she more success-
ful. But despite her efforts a consider-
able shadow hung over the table.

  The giving of the dinner with its two
guests was due chiefly to Mr. Conley, Sr.
For Pat, the oldest of the Conley offspring,
was gloomy. Since the night with O’Hem,
Pat had been a changed man. Pugnacious he
had always been, from the cradle up; but
despite the somewhat grim and solemn char-
acter of a natural fighting man, he had for-
merly had his softer moments.

  He would unbend on occasions with those
friends who questioned not his ability to
overcome with the gloves any amateur per-
former his own weight. Most of all was he
accustomed to unbend with the soft and
pleasing Liola McDermott. But now, since
O’Hern had met him on the chin, all this
w'as changed. He glowered at former
friends, and passed them by. He would
neither call on Liola McDermott nor listen
to her pleas over the telephone.

   “ Pat’s feelin’ bad,” Conley, Sr., had said
to Manager Burke in arranging for the din-
ner some days beforehand. “ So does poor
Liola. We’ll bring thim together as I’ve
told you, and wid the help of a good feed
ONLY CHEESE.

317

we'll have thim make up, and get Pat rid
of this tur-rible disease ”

  But Burke, though he accepted the invi-
tation, showed no great enthusiasm.

  “ This psychology works two ways,” he
explained. “ Sometimes it kills but some-
times it cures.”

  Mr. Conley sighed.

  “ ’Tis all very strange to me,” he ad-
mitted. “ I never knew a disease to work
but one way.”

  The meal began with soup, of that body
and flavor for which Mrs. Conley’s soup
was famous. There followed beefsteak,
thick and tender; accompanied by a retinue
of vegetables and side dishes that would
have delighted any stomach. Yet the meal
dragged.

  Pat ate, but he did not talk. His jaws
moved, but not in conversation. Poor Liola
had been seated beside him, but she re-
ceived no more attention from him than did
Manager Burke, his parents, or his four
younger brothers and sisters. They might
talk among themselves, as they did, to some
extent, at Mr. Conley’s nudging and wink-
ing; but Pat remained glum, sour, indif-
ferent to all but the victuals on his plate.

  Once Mr. Conley urged upon Miss Mc-
Dermott a second helping of creamed po-
tatoes, one of Mrs. Conley’s most famous
dishes.

  “ Don’t stint yerself wid these pertaters,
Liola,” advised Conley, Sr. “ Pat likes thim
this way, too. So it would be well, I’m
thinkin’, if you would learn from Mrs. Con-
ley how to cook thim.”

  At Mr Conley’s wink, Liola blushed,
glanced somewhat hopefully toward Pat,
and was at the sight ot that unresponsive
and adamant young gentleman cast into
complete dejection.

  At the end came apple pie and coffee.
Liola helped Mrs. Conley clear off the
preceding course and bring on the last one;
and all the while, with projected under-lip,
Pat fixedly observed the exact center of the
table cloth or the wall just above the head
of Manager Burke, who sat opposite. Be-
fore each diner the two ladies serving set
a piece of pie. At each right hand they
placed a cup of coffee. The last thing to
be served Mrs. Conley left to Liola.

  Innocently Liola carried in her right hand
a fork and in her left a plate upon which
lay a dozen small and appetizing looking
cubes. Innocently she went first to Pat,
and with the fork placed one of the cubes
beside Pat’s pie.

  There wras on the way to Pat’s mouth
his first bite of pie, but this never reached
its destination. With some clatter it was
returned to the plate when Pat noted what
Liola had placed there.

  “ Why Pat, what’s the matter?” cried
Liola as he pushed his chair away from
the table.

  “ What’s the matter?” repeated Conley,
Jr., rising and in his anger reverting some-
what to the brogue of his ancestors. “ Do
ye think I don’t see what ye’ve got speared
on the end of that fork?”

  “ Why, Pat, it’s only—”

  “ Only cheese! Ye’re tryin’ to insult me!
Ye’re tryin’ to remind me of the night I
had the bad luck with O’Hern! I heard
ye call me a big cheese! And ye’ve been
callin’ me that ever since—every one of
ye! I’m through with ye—all of ye! I’m
goin’! ”

  With that Conley, Jr., marched from the
table, out of the door of the house, and
dowm the street.

  The pie was forgotten, even by the
youngest of the Conleys, and Mrs. Conley
and Liola had grown somewhat pale.

  “ Shall I go after him?” asked Mr. Con-
ley at last.

  Manager Burke remained calm, as a man-
ager always should.

  “ I wouldn’t follow' him,” he said. “ This
may be the best thing tor him when he sees
O’Hern again. And as for you, Liola, you
needn’t worry. When he tips over O’Hern
next week it’ll be you he thinks of first.”

  “ There’s one thing certain,” remarked
Mr. Conley: “ and that is he don’t like
O’Hern.”

  “ Yes,” agreed Manager Burke very
slowly and thoughtfully. “ But what’s more,
he don’t like cheese!”

IV.

  The bouts for the amateur boxing cham-
pionships were in progress. The largest
318

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

building of the city was packed with spec-
tators, and had it been twice as large it
could not have accommodated those per-
sons who now kicked their heels on the
sidewalks and street, unable to get within.
No athletic club of the town but was rep-
resented in the audience, and every Pastime
and every John L. Sullivan alive and well
this day was on hand. For the John L’s
looked to O’Hern to repeat; while the Pas-
times looked for him to do nothing of the
kind.

  Among the Pastimes, themselves, there
was not altogether lacking criticism of those
mental processes of Conley which, for three
successive times, had permitted O’Hern to
soak him on the chin; though, hearing them
argue with the John L. Sullivans, it would
have appeared that they believed the proc-
ess reversed and that by some strange turn
of luck Conley’s chin had hurled itself upon
O’Hern’s fist.

  The Conley-0’Hern bout was the last on
the program. This was by general agree-
ment, it being admitted on all hands that
the two young gentlemen were the class of
the amateurs of the town. A spirited fight
was expected, and this in spite of the last
three conflicts, each so unexpectedly ended
by a sudden propulsion of O’Hern’s fist—
or of Conley’s chin, according to how one
viewed it.

  All other bouts being concluded, the
crowd awaited the final one. Manager
Burke first appeared in the ring, carefully
inspecting ropes, posts, floor, being deter-
mined to eliminate any intervention of the
supernatural in favor of the lucky Mr,
O’Hem.

  Manager Burke was unusually serious.
He was very anxious for Pat Conley to win.
And upon his own responsibility he was
calling in the aid of psychology.

  The two young battlers entered the ring.
The referee brought them together, and ex-
plained that they were to go four rounds
to a decision—unless the affair happened to
be decided before then. The two shook
hands, and as they stood facing each other
the crowd noted that O’Hern was a dark
youth and Conley a red one, and that
O’Hern looked very confident and Conley
very grim.

  Round One: From the first there was
plenty of action, this being an amateur
bout, and not a professional. Fists flew.
Conley’s red head bobbed about as blows
landed on it, but no more than did his op-
ponent’s. The thump of gloves sounded
like the beating of carpets. Across the
ring the men rushed and back again, and
if the red chased the black one instant,
the operation was reversed the next. The
crowd yelled. The referee panted from his
exertions. Manager Burke, for once, forgot
himself and chewed his nails. Never were
two fighters more intent upon their business
than were Conley and O’Hern when the
bell rang for time.

  There was a minute for recuperation be-
tween rounds. Both men breathed some-
what faster, but otherwise neither seemed
in immediate need of repairs.. It had been
an even round and, excepting Pastimes and
John L’s, all spectators were agreed to that.
To be safe, the seconds worked on the
young gentlemen’s legs and the managers
assailed their ears. Conley sat glowering at
his opponent; and if there appeared any
advantage to either man at this time, it
was in that O’Hern looked so cocksure con-
cerning the future.

  Manager Burke noted the look, and
weighed its effect. Ten seconds before
time was up he winked at Tom Thorpe sit-
ting near the ringside; at which that indi-
vidual muttered, low yet clear, the mono-
syllable:

  “ Cheese!”

  Conley made a start in the direction of
Thorpe.

  “Forget it!” yelled Burke. “Take it
out on O’Hern!”

  Round Two: Immediately the fighters
clashed in the middle of the ring. The
blows fell faster than before. Their sound
was now a tattoo on a drum. No carpet was
ever beaten so thoroughly. In the hail of
fists O’Hern’s nose suffered. It bled, and
the wonder was that no nose had bled be-
fore. But because of this there was no
slowing up of the combatants; they seemed
composed of iron and rubber.

  Near the end of the round O’Hem did
land the hardest blow of the battle, on Con-
ley’s ribs; and Conley immediately retal-
ONLY CHEESE.

319

iated with its twin brother to the side of
O’Hern’s head. These two final mastodonic
thumps resounded throughout the building
like cannon shots concluding the musketry
of lesser blows preceding.

  The round had been Conley’s, but
O’Hern retained his confidence and Man-
ager Burke was wary. Again, ten seconds
before time was up in the intermission be-
tween rounds, the manager appealed to
Thorpe, his aid at the ringside; and the
latter acted.

  Conley saw presented before him an ob-
ject, in shape cylindrical, in color that of
jaundice. He recognized it to be a small
cheese; but before he could leap out of the
ring toward Thorpe, Burke repeated:

  “ Forget it! Win this fight first!”

  Round Three: If the opponents moved
more slowly now they were the more in
deadly earnest. Fewer hits were recorded,
but each one as it landed was heard by the
crowd without the building. And steadily
Pat Conley seemed to be forging ahead. He
hit harder, he was less shaken when he was
hit.

  It wyas near the middle of the round when
Conley got in his famous one, two blow;
a right to the body followed by a left to
the jaw. O’Hern tried to retain his con-
fident smile, but his ribs burned and his
head hummed. Here was Conley’s oppor-
tunity, it seemed; every Pastime advised
him of it, while the assembled sons of Sul-
livan warned O’Hern to bewTare.

  O’Hern dropped into a crouch and
brought up his arms to protect his chin, so
that there was little left for Conley to shoot
at but the top of a cranium, covered by
black hair and considerably harder than
the average. This bobbing black mark
Conley pursued; drove it into a corner
twice, from which it escaped each time by
diving and bobbing up again in the middle
of the ring behind the pursuer.

  The round was nearly over and had been
overwhelmingly in favor of Conley. But
here the unexpected happened. One of
O’Hern’s fists separated itself from the
O’Hern cranium, which it had been care-
fully guarding, and hit the onrushing Con-
ley cleanly on the chin.

  Conley went down, and had not the bell

marking the end of the round rung just
then, the fight would have been over. The
bell gave him a minute to recover before
Round Four, and his seconds dragged him
into his corner to make the best of it.
O’Hern, opposite, was also shaky and the
cunning Manager Martin saw that the out-
come of the battle now depended upon
which man was in best shape at the begin-
ning of the final round.

  Furiously Burke and his assistant worked
on Conley. Cold water was applied, legs
and arms were rubbed, towels were swung.
At the end of thirty seconds Conley’s eyes
were still glassy. In desperation Burke put
smelling salts under Conley’s nose trying to
clear the muddled head. Fifteen seconds
remained, and Conley was no better.

  Burke reached into his pocket. He drew
forth something wrapped in paper. He un-
wrapped it and clapped the contents to
Conley’s nose.

  Five seconds remained, and Conley’s eyes
widened and he tried to catch his breath.

  “ Limburger!” he finally gasped.

  “That’s it: Limburger cheese!” hissed
Burke. “ And that’s what you’ll be the
rest of your life if you don’t win this fight! ”

  Burke had applied the incentive at exact-
ly the right instant. Had not the bell for
Round Four rung just then it is doubtful if
Burke could have kept Conley in his corner
another moment.

  Round Four: Conley rushed toward his
opponent. O’Hern was courageous, but in
his minute of recuperation he had been sub-
jected only to the ordinary methods of the
prize ring. A lemon-colored specter drove
Conley on to fight, and his eyes, ears and
nose were full of it. O’Hern kept him busy,
yet not so busy but that he was conscious
of his yellow peril.

  It worked upon his imagination. He saw
himself passing through the years to come
dogged and tortured by it. He knew what
people would call him, that they would
hold their noses at the mention of his name.
The thought put springs in his legs and
power in his fists. He was a cyclone, an
avalanche, a ton of brick. He was an
earthquake. O’Hern was no longer a match
for him. John L. Sullivan would not have
been. Crushing down O’Hern’s defense
320

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

Conley caught his opponent on the jaw and
knocked him down—and out.

V.

  At the hall of the Pastime Athletic Club
there gathered the members and their ladies
to do honor to Champion Patrick Conley.
The occasion was joyful, the company gayly
stepped the fox trot, waltz and one-step to
the strains of a cheerful orchestra, and
among the dancers no couple received the
attention that did Pat Conley and Miss
Liola McDermott. Later, refreshments
would be served; but just before that there
would be a presentation.

  At one end of a hall, upon a raised plat-
form, rested the object which, in the name
of admirers, was to be presented to the
champion. Draped in the club colors this
object defied all efforts to guess its nature.
On the platform with it stood Mr. Tom
Thorpe, prepared to resist any attempt of
the too inquisitive. And Manager Burke
cruised in the neighborhood.

  At midnight dancing ceased, and all gath-
ered about the platform, upon which stood
Tom Thorpe and Manager Burke.

  “ Ladies and gents,” said Burke: “ As
you know, we’re all here to-night to do
honor to Mr. Pat Conley, the champ of the
amachers. Now, I don’t want to take up
your time talkin,’ because I know you want
to get a little somethin’ to eat, and then
some more dancin’ before you quit to-night.
So I’ll just conclude by saying that this ob-
ject here beside me is a little present from
some of the members of this club to the
champ. And Mr. Tom Thorpe and I were

THE

asked to present it. Mr. Thorpe, do your
duty!”

  From the object Tom Thorpe promptly
withdrew the drapery—and then promptly
stepped off the platform.

  The object appeared. Of circular base, it
was three feet high, and therefore in shape
like the section of a great column, or a
mighty smokestack, or a roundhouse. Its
color, as it gleamed under the lights of the
hall, was that of a full moon. There wras
no mistaking it for anything else than a
tremendous cheese.

  For an instant—just an instant—there
was a dull glow in Conley’s eyes and a bit
of worry in Liola’s.

  But here Martin Burke showed the quick
thinking that made him supreme among
amateur managers as Pat was among the
boxers. Stepping up to the monolith Burke
smote it resoundingly with the flat of his
hand and cried:

  “ It’s all right, Pat. It’s American
cheese! ”

  The champion grinned. The crowd ap-
plauded. And it was Champion Conley
who, with a great carving knife, cut slices
from the cheese which were handed out to
the gathering by Manager Burke, to be
eaten with other refreshments of the eve-
ning.

  The senior Mr. Conley, who was pres-
ent, partook of the refreshments. Com-
menting upon his son and his son’s man-
ager, who moved about so efficiently on the
platform before him, Mr. Conley said:

  “ Ah, he’s a grand young man, is Mar-
tin Burke. And ’tis the furriner cheeses
that Pat never liked.”

END

                                    XJ

THE 187TH NOVEL, ORIGINALLY PRINTED SERIALLY IN THIS MAGA-
ZINE, TO BE PUBLISHED IN BOOK FORM IS

THE WHISPER ON THE STAIR

               By LYON MEARSON
( Argosy-Allstory Weekly—under the title of “ The Man Without Hands

-August

25 to September 29, 1923.)

Published in book form by The Macaulay Company, New York. Price $1.75.

                                                         10	A
The gre^ ,a!!;'pS,

..	W- she had h p	,, ce usual^ t0 the,n*ul eresting:	for surg>M

   I	V 1

        s0tf-the boy she had toped even ^ ®

 H*'J£steppmg'stone ’T

 aanS %% wandering bo^a^g^JJ.
 He «as .	-,v,Pr But stm s' ,.. t0

if rarely ''u0W '*Sou°s tiiii'S ab0Ut ' ‘

You. y°urs,h\ That'H.tU© * ^ y0u.

i»^«^^dsWont
ftven >0U1

-^.MSR^riSST^w

 seated organ*3fLunately—:fcisterine as a w6n-laio\vn

 usually-^Regular	thing t»t	dre8slngs,

» to 5^SS’» *K“

 antiseptic that usUal prope	. 6 this

   possesses these

 1(1 8a*A that Has Been " rties as a ui>~"

& these nnnsua	1^

 «®: ?UJote‘ ow auicli'y the o«	^

 ** a“d	.......trusted antiseptic^ ^very «M*

 SfaUtt^	onion oao, -	^ ^

  111 This s-afe

ss
