THE MAGAZINE OF PROPHETIC FICTION

Wonder

Stories

June

Other Science Stories

                         ... g W   r In Thii litue            
■ ■ i         / /A / 0             | "THE MAN WHO CHANGED     
                        f / V / \  THf~FUTURE"                
[T--ni         i - f m ~ •• / / \  By R. F. Stanl             
i) r>^                       1 '1  "THE EXILES OF VENUS"      
                                   Rkf hffi V a n n\/         
              /“i I•" - iiuf,.. I  dy Jim t onny              
                                   "1 ITA“\DI A ICI A kir%M   
if "Sr* ' 1 i I SMi                UTOPIA I5LAND              
                                   _ 8y Otfrid von Hanstein _ 

  Get into a Dignified Profession!

Become a fulT-fledged chemist!

Unlimited Possibilities!
Fascinating Work!
Immense Opportunities!

Previous Experience

•	Not Needed

Anyone who can read and

WRITE can study Chemistry
through our simply prepared course.
You don’t need a higher education, and
you don’t need any previous experience
or preparation. Chemistry is not harder
to understand than electricity or radio.
Just plain sense and ordinary observa-
tion powers.

Labo’ratory Outfit Free

  THE COMPLETE CHEMICAL
OUTFIT and APPARATUS supplied
to you as part of your Course, without
extra chargc. makes you the owner of a
laboratory, containing all the materials
and instruments used by a full-fledged
chemist. This working kit. which is
shipped to you at the outset of the
course becomes your permanent proper-
ty. It is a sturdy fitted wooden cabinet
containing over 100 pieces of laboratory
apparatus aud chemical supplies. With
these materials and equipment you will
have in your own home and always at
hand, a compact, complete working,
chemist’-s laboratory, which you will use
constantly not only in your experiments
during the course, but also in your after
work as a chemist.

We ^an Teach You
At Home

Our faculty know- just how to mold
you irjttj_ a s'kiliful laboratory worker.

I Chemieal Institute of New York. Inc.

I Heme Extension Division
I 19 Park Place. New York, N. Y.

■ Please simd me at once, without an>1

I obligation on my part, your Free Book |
‘•Op'oriuoltles for Chemist*." anil full.

I parti uln s atxnit tin Kxnorlmrntal Equip-1
mem jIthi *g rtrry liKL'F.t	■

I NAME .................... -.............. • |

J ADDRESS .......................................*

I CITY .................................... ST AT tj..............1

THE HEAD OF OUR STAFF IS DR.
T. O'CONOR SLOAN E, scientist, en-
gineer and author of wide repute. He
has had more liian fifty years of teach-
ing experience. Our course fits you fur
an immediate position in a cbc-micil lab-
oratory. and you do no have tu give up
what you are doing now to learn it.
During evenings and week-ends you cm
work at home on the f srimting experi-
ments and the delightfully simple but
comprehensive lessons.-A personal tutor
is always ready to help you over difficul-
ties and to answer all your question <.
Most important of all—the teaching you
receive is practical. You can actually
use this knowledge to make money, as
thousands have done before you.

More Money in Chemistry
Than in Any Other Business

 CHEMISTS ARE WELL-PAID
MEN. Not only will our training help
you to get a better job, but a worth-while
start on a new level. You can patent the
work of your hands and your brain, atid
perhaps make millions of dollars on a
new chemical discovery.

  Every day the newspapers and maga-
zines are full of news items reporting
new chemical discoveries—in mining, in
electricity, in food-
stuffs, in sanitary
and medicinal ap-
pliances, in paper-
making. rubber,
steel, iron, dye-
stuffs, textiles, in
fact in every well
known industry —
and behind each of
these discoveries
stands a we'l-
trained chemist
who knew how to
take advantage of
opportunity!

No Exaggerated Claims

 THF. INSTITUTE DOES NOT
CLAIM that every chemist makes mil-
lions, nor do we guarantee that you
will immediately get a job paying $10.-

000	a year. But many have done it,
and there is no reason why you cau not

T. O'Conor Sloano
A.B.. A.M.. Ph.D.,
LL.D.

do it too. Often enough you read or
hear about men who have found the
road to fame, fortune, position, and the
highest recognition, from small, incon-
spicuous beginnings, and you wonder
how they got the “lucky break." Why,
f iu wonder yearningly, couldn't you he
such a “lucky’’ fellow? You can be—
but you have to meet luck half way.

 (What These Students Have (
 I Done You Can Do ! )

 I
 )

“Siiict■ I have been studying with I
your school I have been appointed 1
chemist for the Scranton Coal Co., (
testing all the coal and ash by pro’.vi- j
mate analysis.'’—Morlais Couzens. J
"I also haze some news for you. }

  I	have been made assistant chemist s
  for the concern I am working for.” f
  —A. G. Delwarte. j
  "/ am time clcaner and dyer fori
  the above named company. Sly sal-«
  ary is almos‘ double what it was f
  when I started the course."	*

                  —	E. H. Lasater. f
  "If it weren’t for yo'ur course I J
  wouldn’t have the job I’ve got now " 5
  —George Daynes. 1
  "Since beginning your course of i
  study I have recei-.ed an increase f
  in my pay check, aud as / progress :
  my work becomes lighter through a f
  better understanding.—M. G. (’ole. I

Get Started Today I

IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO KNOW
MORF ABOUT CHEMISTRY, and if
you are sincere in your desire to get out
of the tread-mill of job anxiety and
wage dependence, if you have ambi-
tion enough to want to become a chem-
ist, and perhaps a famous one some day.
you will not wait until ^omorrow to find
out how to go about itj

 MAIL the coupon at your left today.
There is no^ charge and no further
obligation. You will be simply asking
us to write you about something that
you want to know of.

CHEM^AL ?NS7i7UTE OF NEW YORK, INC.

19 Park Place Dept. W.S.-6	New York, N. V.
Tbi* enthusiastic report
cones from R. F. Culver,
•i Michigan.

“One installation sold 6
more,” says J. C. Adams,
Ohio. -

“Fourteen order* in 1 day,”
Outcalt, Ohio.

J. C. Woodruff, Minn., told
7 in one afternoon.

"Four calls — three order*/’
F. E. McDaniel, Indiana.

   INC DOORS

VayZti5aDaj>

4 to Salesmen!
%

Amazing New Invention
_ KANT-SLAM DOOR CHECK
Closes Doors Silently and Auto-
matically — Operates on New Oil
Principle —Everlasting-^low

Priced—NEW

Here is the greatest door silencer ever invent-
ed ! Here is a fortune for men who act quick
and grab the agency for this new patented in-
vention. The Kant-Slam Door Check closes
doors easily, quickly and noiselessly, with a
touch of the finger. The Kant-Slam can
easily be adjusted to close any door at any
speed by turning the handy little screw at the
top of the check. It is the only low priced

door check in the world that keeps a door
open when you want it that way. It is built
on new oil principle which assures a lifetime
of perfect service. Works as well in cold
weather as in hot weather. Takes only two
minutes to install with a screw driver. Any
boy can do it. It is the lowest priced prac-
tical door check on the market, and pays a big
commission!

Fntt Sized Sample on Miniature Door Furnished

Kant-Slam salesmen work with an actual sample of this amazing invention mounted on
a light weight miniature door. You walk into any home, office, store, or factory build-
ing. In five minutes you convince the man by actual demonstration that the Kant-Slam
will dose his doors quietly. You explain that millions of dollars are lost every year by
slamming doors which break the glass. You point out that tons of coal are wasted
every winter by doors standing open. Show him that he can easily afford a Kant-Slam
for every door. In a few minutes the man will order, one, two, three or more.

At Last — A Specialty That Sells In Quantity

Usually you can take only one order from a customer for a specialty. But with the
Kant-Slam you can take orders for as many doors as there are in any home, office, store
or factory. Prospects everywhere I Four and five profits on every caill where you other-
wise make only one! Think that over I Slamming, banging, noisy doors are every-
where. Banish them, and banish the danger of broken glass by demonstrating this re-
markable invention. No wonder you can make up to $15 a day easily!

Mail Coupon for
Trial Offer

                                                 This proposition is new. You can
                                                 easily get in on the ground floor
                                                 and reserve a choice territory.
                                                 Rush your name on the coupon
                                                 below for complete details and
                                                 FREE TRIAL OFFER. Or wire
                                                 us for action.

KANT-SLAM DOOR CHECK CO.

Dept. J~38	Bloomfield, Ind.

-Slam Door
Check C+~

                                 Dept. J-38
                                 Bloomfield. lad.

                                    Gentlemen: Please rush

                             details of FREE TRIAL OFFER—I am in-
                             terested in agency for Kant-Slam Door Check.

    Name .....................................

       Address ..................................

          Town ..................State ............

 I L/ep

 Kant

WONDER STORIES
Stories

THE MAGAZINE
OF PROPHETIC FICTION

r    I        
pyji E    igi 
              
     |art     
Vol. 3, No. 1	TABLE OF CONTENTS	June, 1931

IN THE SPACESPHERE by Charles Cloukey_____________k_________10

    Through three planets the mysterious intrigue continued aboard the space ship,
    death and destruction lurking everywhere ....

THE LIGHT BENDER by Frank K. Kelly______________________34

    The earth was gripped in the throes of despair .... the Universe ready to burst
    asunder as two men labored ....

THE EYE OF TWO WORLDS by Arthur G. Stangland__________44

    Across the void of space, the winking eye carried the dread message of the vandals'
    coup ....

THE MAN WHO CHANGED THE FUTURE by R. F. Starzl_______ 54

    Helpless he watched this tragedy of another age, while the hands of the clock
    moved quickly to the fatal hour ....

THE EXILES OF VENUS by Jim Vanny-------------------------_ 64

Homeless, two girls sought aid for the release of a race from an eternal fate ....

UTOPIA ISLAND (In Two Parts) (Part Two) by Otfrid von Hanstern_________ 76

    Like a tidal wave, the world swept down upon the island to feel the impact of its
    marvels and wonders ....

SCIENCE QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS_____________130

THE READER SPEAKS—Letters From Readers __________________:_______________________132

ON THE COVER this month, from Charles Cloukey’s “In the Spacesphere,” we see the
    fearless young earthman with the slug-gun boldly capturing from the navigator the
    spaceship on which the Planetchief of Mars is held captive.

WONDER STORIES—Mootbly—Entered at second clast matter in
Um Post Office ai New York. N. Y., under act of March S.
1879 Title registered D. S. Patent Office. Trademarks and
copyrights by permission of Gernsback Publications, Inc.. 98
Park Place. New Tort City, owner of all trademark rights.
Copyright. 1931. by Gernsback Publications, Inc. Text and il-
lustrations of this magazine are copyright and must not be re-
produced without permits ion of the copyright owners.

WONDER STORIES is published on the 3rd of the preceding
month. 12 number* per year, subscription price it *2.50 a year

in United States and lu possessions. In Canada and foreign
countries, $3.00 a year Single copies 25c.

Address all contribution! for •mbllcatlon to Editor. WONDER
STORIES. 96-98 Park Place, New York. Publishers arc not
responsible for lost MSS. Contributions cannot be returned un-
less authors remit full postage

WONDER STORIES it for tale at principal newsstands in the
United States and Canada.

CHANGE OB' ADDRESS. Always glre us old as well at now
address and notify us as far in advance at poulble.

                     STELLAR PUBLISHING CORPORATION
H. GERNSBACK, Pres.	S. GERNSBACK, Treas.	I. S. MANHEIMER, Sec'y,

Editorial, Publication and General Offices, 96-98 Park Place, New York City.

Chicago Advertising Representative—L. F. McClure, 737 North Michigan Ave.

Lot Angeles Advertising Representative—Loyd 8. Chappell, 611 South Coronads St.

     London Agent: Hachette & Cie.,	Paris Agent: Hachette & Cie., Australian Agents: McGIITt Agency,

3 La Belle Baurage, Ludgate Hill, E. C. 4	111 Sue Reaumur	179 Elizabeth St., Melbourne

- 2--
WONDER STORIES

Walter Hinton was pilot of
the famous NC 4, first plane
to fly the Atlantic; he piloted
the first plane from North to
South America; he was first
to fly to the headwaters of
the Amazon. During the
War he was a crack flying
Instructor for the Navy. To-
day—with a course that ex-
perts agree is the most com-
plete and practical ever pro-
duced — Hinton is training
keen-sighted men for the Big
Pay jobs in Aviation.

Tells YOU How to Start
Yon Must be 16 or Over

To take an active part In Avi-
ation you must at least be 16
years of age. If you are under
16, please do not ask for
Lieut. Hinton's Book because
It will not interest you.

Get his

FREE Book

AMforld Famous
Trans-Atlantic Pilot

AVIATION is waiting for no one! Too many millions of capital are already in-
vested—the demand for air service of every kind is increasing too fast.
Aviation demands men who KNOW. Men who can DO. Men who can step
into the real jobs and comfnand the real salaries. Landing fields, muni-
cipal airports, plane and equipment factories, air mail and passenger lines, ser-
vice and sales organizations:—all are leaping ahead in the fastest, most amazing
development that any industry has ever known. In such racing, feverish ac-
tivity, where is there any room for a man who has nothing to offer? An empty
pocketbook is no drawback—but Aviation has no place, no patience, no time for
empty hands or empty heads! Aviation is taking off for the greatest non-stop
flight in history—and the men who will go along and climb to the top are the men
with a foundation of PACTS under them.

You Don’t Have to Fly; Get Your Ground Work NOW
40 Different Jobs on	Right at Home—Hinton

the Ground PAY BIG too!	Is Ready to Train You

To succeed in Aviation—make BIO MONEY
■—you need not necessarily be a pilot. There
must be many thousands of pilots, certainly.
But for every plane that flies, there's an im-
mediate need for trained men in more than
forty different Important jobs on the ground.
Construction, motor and Instrument experts—
airport managers, service foremen, salesmen—
all make real money. Some of them even bigger
pay than pilots earn. But every last one of
them must have the FACTS. Today’s problem

—	YOUR problem — is to LEARN Aviation
quick. And right there is where Walter Hin-
ton is achieving the biggest success of his
career.

 YOU can train at home in spare-time for the
 best paid jobs in the Industry. Hinton's
 proved course starts you at the beginning,
 trains you fast. You get all the facts about
 construction, rigging, motors, repairs, instru-
 ments, theory or flight, navigation, commercial
 Aviation—facts that every man must have to
 Intelligently and profitably fill ANY job in
 the Industry, With this Institute's training
 you'll have your foundation, your start, for
 real accomplishment. Serious-minded — air-
 minded—men are reading and acting on the
 Free Book shown below. We want YOU to
 have a copy too. Send the coupon NOW.

               Aviation Institute of U.S.A., Inc.

Walter Hinton, President
1115 Connecticut Ave., Washington, D. C.

S. A.. Ine.

  Washington. D. C.

Please send me at once your FREE Book "Wings of Oppor-
tunity” showing how I can get into this tremendous field.

Namo -
Street

-Age

(Must oe over 16)
State--
4

WONDER STORIES

Instructor explaining operation of modem airplane motor

WORK

COYNE

Don't spend your life in a dull, hope-
less job! Donrt be satisfied with a mere
$30.00or $40.00 a week! You don’t
have to. Electricity pays salaries of
$60, $70 and even $200 a week to thou-
sands of fellows no smarter than you.
And you can learn Electricity at Coyne
in 90 days—NOT BY CORRESPOND-
ENCE, but by actual electrical work.

Golden Opportunities

  Paying $60 a Week and Up!

InPower Plant work, ArmatureWind-
ing, Auto Ignition, House Wiring, Ra-
dio Service, Refrigeration, Welding,
Aviation Electricity, Illumination, etc.
Thousands of Big Pay Opportu-
nities for the Trained Man. And you can
prepare for one of them in 90 days at Coyne!

No Books "No Lessons

Coyne is not a Correspondence School.
We train you by actual electrical work
—on huge motors and generators,
switchboards, power plants, substa-

H.C. LEWIS

ENT

COYNE
WONDER STORIES

5

IN

SHOPS

tions, auto and airplane
engines, armatures, etc.

You don’t need advanced educa-
tion or previous experience. Coyne
has been placing men in Electrical
Jobs since 1899. Let Coyne help you
to a good electrical position!

Free Employment Service

   EARN AS YOU LEARN

My Employment Department gives

you a FREE lifetime service. And if*. w'"ki7l<‘m °»«*»■•" c‘mler
you need part-time work while at
school to help pay expenses,;we’ll
gladly help you get it.

|B BIG FREE BOOK

But get the PROOF! Mail the coupon
belowfor my BIG FREE BOOK—tell-
ing all about jobs, salaries, opportun-
ities. Find out about my Free Radio Service, Students learning switchboard work by actual practice

Auto and Aviation Electricity offers. This

S	thi	SCHOOL, Ita*. Al-81 j

you in any way. Just Mail the Coupon. . SM plauM §t, Chicago, ui.

ELECTRICAL SCHOOL ■	I

D?pt.NA1^81 i8" CHICAGO, ILLINOIS \ Name.................................... j

I

Address.................................. jj

City.....................State............ |

MY FREE BOOK-*
By Actual Work in Jpreat Coyne Shops -

Come to Covne and learn all branches of Ra- Pu#o*vyo^f'own Television program!
dio in ten short, pleasant weeks. NOT BY I^lrfiMfio the practical way—by actual1
CORRESPONDENCE, but by actual work-^radpwork on actual radio equipment!'
on scores of modern Radio Receivers, hipr^^You don’t need advanced education or pre-(
jBroadcasting^quipment, the very latest T^e^vious experience. I don’t care if you are 16
ivision transmitting and receiving api>ar%ii, years old or 46. Come to Coyne and I’ll pre-v
iTalking Picture equipment, etc. I$j6^cast pare YOU for a good paying Radioi# in ljy
^yourself in our sound proof stu&© room! weeks’ time!/

WONDER STORIES

THERE’S A BIG PAY

For the Trained Man in

Dissatisfied with your job? Not mak-
ing enough money? Then let me show
you how to get into Radio, the livest,
biggest money-making game on
earth. Thousands of opportunities
for jobs leading to salaries of $60
a_week and up! Jobs as Designer,

Inspector and Tester paying $3,00®
to $10,000 a year; as Salesman and in^
Service and Installation work at $45 to $1|'
a week; as Operator or Manager of Bros
ing Station at $1800 to $5000 a yeaps^&Ftre-;
less Operator on Ship or Airplai
Picture or Sound Expert/

Pay opportunities for you

LEARN RA

TALKING P

 By Actual Work

                            IS NOW HERE!

                                                And Television is already here! Soon’
                                                there’ll be a demand for thousands of

                                                          Television experts. The man who learns Tele-^
                                                          vision now can make a fortune in this great new;
                                                          field. Get in on the ground-floor of this amaz-
                                                          ing new development! Mail coupon on the oppo-
                                                          site page for full information—absolutely freef

                            Radio Division fAV^II?

                                             H.C. LEWIS, President \*\J JL H JE#

                                   500 South Paulina Street,
WONDER STORIES

7

     Imployment Set vice

      EARN AS YOUJLlfARN

You get free Employment Service as long as
you live And if you’ll need part-time work while
school to hefe pay Expenses, we’ll gladly help
you get it^Jffany oCour students pay nearly all
of their living expenses that way. Mail coupon
below for full details.

TELEVISION

IN IO WEEKS

Not by

'Don’t let anything keep you out of^M®s.v. ,t
'now, and after just ten short weeks^laSCmati
work in the great Coyne Radio Shops^pju’Jfcbe all
the best job and biggest pay you ever had in yc

CoyneJS32Yea'rs Old

Coyne Training^estedr,pr^en beyond
’all doubt.-You can-find out everything
Absolutely free-how you can prepare for
a good Radio Job or how you can go into
business for yourself and earn $3,000 to $15
a year. It costs nothing to investigate!

Mail Coupon for My Big Free Book

Fill in this coupon, tear it out and mail it to me at on<&.

This will not obligate you in any way and positively
no salesmen or agents will call on you. It will bring
you—ABSOLUTELY FREE—a copy of my big Radio and
Television Book, telling all about jobs, salaries, opportu-
nities, etc.. MAIL THE COUPON - NOW!

Electrical School

  Dept. A1-8H Chicago, Illinois

                                                             I

H. C. LEWIS, President	|

 Radio Div. Coyne Electrical School {

 soo S. Paulina St., Dept A1-8H Chicago, 111.

 Send me your Big Free Radio Book and all J
 details of your Special Introductory Offer. t
 This does not obligate me in any way.,

                                                             •

Name...................... ............•

                                          P

Address.......................................j

City.«State.,iixjjxi»* ijjj
3

[WONDER STORIES

Your name and addreaa
mailed on the coupon will
bring: you our big book of
prizes and tell you how to
get them.

 How would you like a bicycle, gun,
 wrist watch, sheath knife, or fishing
 equipment? These, and scores of
 other articles, are the kind
 Winnit Club members win.

 I’ll send your membership immediate-
 ly, handsome badge, big illustrated
 catalog, with proven plans for getting
 prizes. Also, sample copy of
 Open Road for Boys magazine,
 pages of thrilling stories, pictures,
 sports, mystery, and adventure. ALL
 FREE. Mail the coupon TODAY!

 Membership in this great club is
 FREE. It is composed of thirty
 thousand fellows like yourself, live
 wires, full of pep and ambition who,
 when they want something, turn into
 real go-getters, and crash through to

success.
VOLUME 3
No. 1

JUNE

1931

... Prophetic Fiction is the Mother of Scientific Fact . . .

                        Hugo Gernsback, Editor-in-Chief
 DAVID LASSER, Managing Editor	FRANK R. PAUL, Art Editor

 C. P. MASON, Associate Editor

WONDERS OF THE HUMAN BODY

By HUGO GERNSBACK

E need not take a trip to an-
other planet to discover some
of the most amazing and
sometime incredible facts,—
many of them can be found
right at home. Indeed, we
need but examine our own bodies, and
here we can find a tremendous wealth of
knowledge, some of which is as incredi-
ble as it is true.

 There are many unusual phenomena
connected with the human body that
present-day science has not as yet been
able to explain; and for that reason it
has become a most fertile field of ex-
ploitation by all the various fakers such
as astrologists, soothsayers, “health” cults
and the rest of the clique who exploit
an ingenuous public.

  Investigators from time immemorial
have believed, for instance, that the hu-
man body evolves a sort of effluvium or
aura, and the ancients studied this prob-
lem from many angles. Over a hundred
years ago, an investigator by the name
of Reichenbach thought he had discovered
a new force by which certain human be-
ings when placed in absolute darkness
could be seen to give off very faint
luminous emanations. Reichenbach called
this new force od. Its existence, how-
ever, has been more or less discredited by
modern investigators.

  Some years ago, however, another in-
vestigator took up the same study, along
more scientific lines, and found that the
human aura could indeed be made visible
in a dark room; not however, to the
naked eye. It was necessary to view
the body through a chemical solution in

a glass container. (This chemical dye, a
coal-tar product, is called dicyanin.) Ex-
periments, which have been verified many
times, have been made whereby the hu-
man aura, actually extending from the
human body from one to twelve inches,
has been observed; and the discoverer of
the process, Dr. Walter J. Kilner, B.A.,
M.B., M.R.C.P. of St. Thomas, London,
England, actually can tell the state of
health of the individual by merely ob-
serving the color and the size of the
aura.

  What the aura is, no one seems to
know; whether it is a heat-emanation, an
electrical phenomenon, an odoriferous ef-
fluvium or some other unknown force.
Later investigators probably will discover
more about this.

  It is, of course, a common experience
to most of us that, for certain people, on
first meeting, we acquire a strong at-
tachment or indeed the reverse, a strong
antipathy. Whether the aura has any-
thing to do with this, we do not know.
Some misguided investigators attribute
this phenomena to personal magnetism;
but it is, of course, well known today, to
the scientific investigator, that there is
nothing magnetic about the human body.
The term “personal magnetism" is, there-
fore, a misnomer; but the phenomena may
have for its basis some other physical
phenomenon which, as yet, we do not
know.

  These are only a few of the mysteries
of the human body; many others of a
similar nature will no doubt come to the
mind of the reader, and all will be under
more and more close examination in the
ages to come.

      ** A SCOOP

^^/GAIN WONDER STORIES scoops the science fiction field. In the July
issue we shall print a most interesting, as well as technically accurate
interplanetary story, by one of the first pioneers of space flying who, in fact,
is also the first martyr to interplanetary flying, since he recently lost his life
in experimenting with his rocket machine. The name of the story is
“A Daring Trip to Mars,'* by Max Valier.

    This story was written before Mr. Valier's death, and is now to be pub-
lished for the first time in America, in WONDER STORIES.

9
In the Spacesphere

By Charles Cloukey

                                                                              (Illustration by Paul)

                       rigid in their chairs. A hand and arm
       suddenly appeared in mid-air .... an automatic
       slug-gun clasped in the hand.

                       10
IN THE SPACESPHERE

11

YIC VINCENNES’ metallic voice tauten-
ed. He semed to stare at the emerald-
green Earth through the heavy quartzinite
window of the sphereflyer.

  “Without seeming to do so,” he said,
“notice the couple at the next table.”

  “I have done so.”
said the solemn Brad-
ley Culbertson. “Kee
Scarna, daughter of
the present Planetchief
of Mars, is with a cer-
tain Venusian aristo-
crat known as Grun
Mahu.”

 “Well?” said the
herculean Dick Du-
brocq.

  “Their waiter just
put some Martian venn
in her glass. Looked
like ten grains to me,
and two grains is
enough to kill a Mar-
tian who hasn’t the
habit. He didn’t put
any in Mahu’s glass.

Looks like deliberate
murder to me.”

 Dubrocq swung
around in his chair.

He saw the slender
Martian princess lift-
ing a thin glass of a
sparkling red synthal-
colic wine to her lips.

She had not seen the
motion the waiter had
made as he lifted the
glasses from his tray.

  The giant Dubrocq,
in spite of his six foot,
six, possessed perfect
muscular coordination.

Silently he left his

chair, leaped the short distance to the next
table, and with the neatest of precision flick-
ed the glass out of the Martian girl’s hand.
He saw her cool grey eyes, startled for a
moment, regain their composure, and he
observed that three little Martians were
covering him with radium pistols, the most

^ TNTERPLANETARYcom-\^
  merce, when it does ar- \
  rive, will not be an un-
  mixed blessing. Communi-
  cations between peoples or
  nations or worlds have a
  habit of spreading the
  worst things that each pos-
  sess before the spread of
  the best things. Thus, our
  first communication with
  India and China was based
  on the very lucrative trade
  in opium which preceded
  by far an exhange of art
  and philosophy.

     The civilizing of the
   American Indian meant
   feeding him with whiskey
   in order to steal his lands;
   and our contact with the
   black races was followed
   quickly by their enslave-
   ment.

     The greeds of man seem
   to precede his civilizing
   powers; and it is unfor-
   tunately possible that such
   will be the case if intelli-
   gent beings exist on other
   planets and communication
   is established with them.

     The present story is a
   thrilling one, not only be-
   cause it is so packed with
   action, but because it paints
   so vividly the interactions
   of the peoples of three
   planets on an interplane-
   **\tary journey.

 deadly small arm of the universe. Her
 bodyguard, of course, was always near her.

   The giant Earthman was ill at ease. The
 little princess, cool in her evening gown
 of blue and silver, wearing the insignia of
 her imperial father on the shoulder band
 of her metallic silver gravity-harness, was
 waiting for an explan-
 ation. Grun Mahu,
 scowling a little, rose
 to his feet.

                   The girl’s body-
                 guards moved closer,
                 waiting for an explan-
                 word to kill the giant.
                 Diners at the nearby
                 Cables were watching
                 breathlessly. The wait-
                 er took advantage of
                 the moment to hurry
                 away. Dick realized a
                 few seconds too late
                 that he should not have
                 escaped. He tried to
                 say something, but the
                 suave voice of Vic Vin-
                 cennes interrupted.

                        “You might tell your
                      guards to lower their
                      pistols, Kee Scarna.
                      My friend has just
                      saved your life. He al-
                      ways acts impulsively.
                      Your waiter put at
                      least ten grains of venn
                      into your wine—”

                   Grun Mahu inter-
                 rupted. “Nonsense.
                 Why should anyone
                 want to poison the
                 daughter of—”

                   His eyes gleamed
strangely. The pupils
contracted to glittering
pinpoints. Venn!
“Fool that I am,” muttered Bradley Culbert-
son. The Venusian aristocrat crumpled up
absurdly on he floor. Brad motioned to
another waiter that was near. “Get Doctor
Kunzie! Vic, boy, I thought you were
wrong. The drug was in his wine, not hers.
I was about to correct you, but you
12

WONDER STORIES

seemed so sure. I saw that waiter too.”
Kunzie, ship’s doctor of the Cosmonia, ar-
rived with a pair of orderlies and a stretch-
er. Efficiently they removed the sprawled
body of the Venusian. Doctor Kunzie took
one look at his eyes. “An overdose of venn.
He’ll never live. I wonder how the nar-
cotic was smuggled onto the ship.”

  Kee Scarna was very cool. She looked
Dick Dubrocq frankly in the eyes. “I do
appreciate ze good intentions zat you have
had,” she said, and motioned to her guards,
who sheathed their pistols. An orderly ap-
proached. “Doctor Kunzie should like to
see you three gentlemen at once in the in-
firmary.”

  “Right,” said Vic Vin-
cennes.

Intrigue Aboard

APTAIN 'SOUTH,

commander of the
spacesphere Cosmonia,
was in earnest conversa-
tion with the doctor as
Vic and Dick and Brad
entered his office. Doc-
tor Kunzie led them into
the next room, and Cap-
tain South followed. Grun
Maliu was conscious, his
pupils still unnaturally
contracted. He had not
seen them enter, but
sensed their presence. He
spoke, each word a conscious effort.

  “The doctor tells me that I’m done—that
I’ll go into the final stupor before long—
you see, I was—what you call—double-
crossed. The red dust of Mars! Venn—
hellish stuff, but there’s money in it—I was
going to try to grow some on Venus—the
venn-plant, I mean—you can grow anything
in the Hot Lands. But if I’m going to blank
out—I have something almost like a con-
science—I should be stamped out. I’m not
afraid to die—not trying to make my peace
—not a coward—not afraid to die—but—”
His voice died away, but in a minute he
seemed to rouse himself. Grun Mahu was
an aristocrat of Venus.

  “There’s a ring—on this flyer—smug-
glers. They’ll stop at nothing—murder—
piracy—you see, there’s money in it. I was
one of them, but—I started to think what
a cad I was—wreck other people’s lives—
and—they double-crossed me. Wait—I’ll
tell you—Tja Narro, Martian devil, is one
of them— and Harburton Smithers, and the
leader is—”

  It was seven minutes before he roused
himself again, for the last time. “Not—-
afraid to die—The leader is—is—”

  Silence.

  “I am absolutely certain,” said Captain
South, “that every passenger, all luggage,
and every bit of cargo was carefully exam-
ined with XX-rays before
we left the Earth, no trace
of venn being found.”
“Then, Captain, you
must be mistaken,” said
the solemn Brad Culbert-
son.

  “The inspectors at New
York are conscientious
and incorruptible. The
Council of Planets is
more determined than
ever to stamp out this
murderous drug traffic.
Yet it is obvious that that
waiter obtained the drug
3omewhere on board this
vessel. There is one pos-
sibility, but—”

  “What is it?”

  An orderly entered. “Well?” said the
Captain.

  “Sir, one of the waiters has just been
found dead. Someone shot him.”

  “I’ll attend to the matter at once,” said
Doctor Kunzie, and hurried out. Captain
South swore softly.

  “Quick work,” said Vic Vincennes dryly.
“You were saying, sir,” continued the
imperturbable Brad, “that there was one
possibility.”

“The imperial Martian party. The
Planetchief’s person and baggage, and those
of his daughter, were not examined. Cour-
tesy to rulers. But it’s absurd to think—■”
“Their bodyguard and servants?”

CHARLES CLOUKEY
IN THE SPACESPHERE

13

  “All carefully examined and totally in-
nocent.”

  “Well, we should take XX-ray photos of
the baggage of the Planetchief and the girl.
Not their hand baggage. It would be in-
sulting to them and embarrassing to us to
explain why we wanted to search at this late
hour. But someone may have tampered with
their larger baggage after it was packed,
knowing that it alone would not be sub-
jected to the XX-ray search. If that’s the
case whoever did it is clever and nervy. If
the Planetchief caught him-—”

  “There would be one less dope smuggler
ir. the universe,” said Vic. “A hard man,
the Planetchief. Any smuggler would rather
face the Earth-laws than the justice of Mars.
Zon Scama commands respect.”

  “Undoubtedly you have an XX-ray ap-
paratus aboard?” asked Brad Culbertson.

THE Captain hesitated. These three
young men were passengers, but they,
and particularly Culbertson, seemed to
know just what they were doing. He made
a decision.

  “It’s in a cabinet in cargo-room A, but
it’s dangerous for an unskilled operator. The
high tension of the juice it uses, and the
character of the rays—”

  “I can handle it,” said Brad.

  Doctor Kunzie returned. “The waiter
will never tell us anything now. Someone
got him from the rear, through the heart
with a silenced slug-gun.”

  Another orderly entered and spoke to
Captain South. “An unidentified spacecraft,
bearing no insignia whatever, has been sight-
ed between us and Venus, sir. It will inter-
cept our course, at our present rate of speed,
within an hour. The second officer asked me
to tell you, sir, that the strange flyer con-
sistently refuses to reply to visual or cos-
mic-radio signals.”

  Captain South went to the navigation
room, after writing a pass for Culbertson
and the others. They descended to the
cargo-room and set to work.

  The strange stellar craft was drawing
near. A mere fifty thousand miles or so

separated it from the Cosmonia, and Cap-
tain South was watching it through the hy-
pertelescope with anxiety. The course of
the stranger and that of the Cosmonia would
intersect unless one of them were changed.
The other semed to have come from the
growing disk that was Venus, but it showed
no planetary insignia whatever. It would
meet the Cosmonia in fifteen minutes more.

  It was a new and racy-looking craft, with
the streamlined teardrop shape to make
possible better speed within a planet’s at-
mosphere. The Cosmonia was perfectly
spherical, as were most spaceships. The
Captain could see, on the image in the
telescope, weapon locks, forbidden by the
Council of Planets. The stranger was arm-
ed. The Cosmonia was defenceless. Piracy?
It would take at least three hours, and
probably longer for help to arrive from
Venus.

  Captain South slowed and stopped. He
doubled his speed. Five seconds later the
stranger did the same. He was thirty-four
thousand miles away when the Cosmonia s
radioman received the first message from
him.

  “Slow and stop within five minutes or I
shall wreck you. I am fully armed.”

  Captain South slowed and stopped. He
had a thousand human lives to be responsi-
ble for, and the stranger seemed both able
and willing to carry out his threat.

  “What do you want?” asked the Cos-
monia’s radioman.

  “The Planetchief of Mars is aboard you,
is he not?”

  “He is.”

  “He and all his party and baggage must
be delivered to me at once.”	-

  “Who are you?”

  “That is not important. Notify the Plan-
etchief of my demand.”

  Captain South did so. The alien craft was
maneuvering close alongside. Wearing a
spacesuit for protection, with the cooper-
ation of the navigators of both ships, an
individual could be easily transferred from
one ship to another, through the air-locks.
14

WONDER STORIES

CHAPTER II.

An Abduction

THE news was all over the Cosmonia
and the passengers were requested to
keep to their cabins. Brad and Dick and
Vic, hearing about it in the cargo-room,
made a few last hurried exposures of the
Martian party’s heavy baggage. Vic took
the films to the ship’s chemlab. Brad and
Dick went to the navigation room, where
they had no real right to be.

  The stern, hard-faced Zon Scarna, Planet-
chief of Mars, soon arrived on the bridge
with his daughter and their bodyguard. Kee
Scarna was schooled not to show her emo-
tions, but she paled a little at the sight of
Dick Dubrocq. Zon Scarna ignored Brad
and Dick, and spoke to the Captain. No
slightest sign of emotion was observable
in the Martian ruler’s calm exterior, but
there might have been the merest trace of
bitterness in his voice.

  “Captain South,” he said slowly, “poli-
tics on Mars often become very bitter. I
am hated by thousands. Just what or who
is behind this attack, I cannot tell you, but
if it is they whom I suspect, they would not
hesitate one second about annihilating the
Cosmonia merely to kill me. Therefore I
shall submit, as it is not just that I imperil
thousands of Earthmen and Venusians by
refusing. The Martians on this vessel, I be-
lieved, would be willing to attempt a fight
or a flight in my behalf, but they are com-
parably few, and you and the others owe
me no allegiance whatever. You are re-
sponsible for the lives in your charge. I
ask only that you keep track of this vessel
a? long as possible with your instruments,
and that at the earliest opportunity you
send all available Interplanetary Patrol
flyers after it.”

  “I shall do so.”

  “Please have spacesuits brought, and pre-
pare to transfer my baggage. Notify my
captors that I shall shortly come aboard.”
The captain nodded to the radioman, who
bent over his instruments. “You two men,”
he said calmly as if speaking to members of
the crew, “will supervise the transfer of the

Planetchief’s luggage. Have it brought to
the main air-lock at once.”

  Dick was dazed, trembling, looking at
Kee Scarna who had turned away her head,
but Brad caught the cue. He saluted smart-
ly and turned on his heel, nudging Du-
brocq. “Yes, sir. At once, sir,” said Brad-
ley Culbertson.

  When they reached the cargo-room orders
from the captain, giving them command of
the baggage removal, were recorded on the
order tape. The crew cooperated. Five
trunks and three sealed crates bearing the
imperial Martian insignia were hoisted to
the lock-deck, placed on rollers, and rolled
to the main air-lock. Strong cables were
attached to each.

  The Martian servants and guards were
donning the spacesuits they would need for
protection against the cold while passing
from one ship to the other. Spaceships did
not dare approach nearer than twenty-five
to fifty feet, and cables were attached to
anyone or anything being transferred from
one to another, in order to prevent loss in
mid-space. When the person or object was
safe in the airlock of the other craft, the
cable could be severed or detached by men
waiting there, and drawn back to the first
ship. Brad and Dick knew what Captain
South had intended. They donned two of
the spacesuits hanging on the wall, and
joined the party. In the confusion they
were unnoticed, and after they were in the
suits they were unrecognizable.

KEE SCARNA noticed them. She trem-
bled as her personal maids assisted her
into her spacesuit. The Planetchief was the
fii st to be transferred across. He went
through the airlock and out into space, at-
tached by a cable to the Cosmonia, jumping
away from it and sailing toward the other
air-lock, of which the outer door was open
to receive him. From the Cosmonia a man
in a spacesuit could be seen in that lock,
ready with an atomic hydrogen torch to
sever th« cable of the Planetchief, who had
inanaged the crossing nicely. When the
cable was cut the other door of the lock
closed, reopening after a few moments. The
man with the torch was still waiting, but
IN THE SPACESPHERE

15

Zon Scarna had disappeared into the inter-
ior.

  Kee Scarna was transferred, and then the
trunks and craves. Finally came the servants
and guards, including Brad and Dick, who
went last. When they had been passed
through the lock the tear-shaped ship took
its departure, flying almost tangentially to
Venus, apparently neither approaching nor
receding from the planet.

  In the meantime Vic Vincennes had the
developed XX-ray films destroyed as soon
as prints had been made, and took the prints
to Captain South.

  The three crates and four of the trunks
of the Martian party were totally innocent.
But the other trunk, the shadow-pictures
showed, was one-fifth full of pure refined
venn, in powder form. The other four-
fifths was packed with venn-plants. Grun
Mahu had intended to try to grow venn on
Venus. This fifth trunk, now, was in the
possession of the abductors of the Martian
party.

  Dick and Brad were the last to remove
their spacesuits in the alien craft. A Venus-
ian, armed with a wicked-looking slug-gun,
regarded them suspiciously, as all the others
in the party had been Martians. Finally
this unpleasant individual asked pointedly
what connection they had with the Martian
group. The two reacted characteristically.
Culbertson started to answer smoothly that
they were interpreters of the various Earth-
languages, but he never finished, for the
herculean Dubrocq had knocked the slug-
gun out of the guard’s hand with one beau-
tifully accurate, instantaneous movement.

  Brad got the gun almost before it touched
the floor, while Dick took a blow on the
jaw that dazed even him. In two seconds
more Brad had control of the situation, and
Dick’s mind had cleared. The Venusian’s
massive hands were above his head, and his
eyes were intent on the gun in Brad’s hand.

  The three of them were alone in the cham-
ber just inside the air-lock. The members
of the Martian party had been taken to
some other part of the flyer as fast as
they had arrived, to prevent crowding in the
smaller chamber. The one remaining guard
was supposed to bring the last two.

  The lock-door opened, and another man

in a spacesuit entered—the individual who
had stayed in the lock and had severed the
cables. Dick jumped toward him before
he understood the situation, wrenched the
heavy atomic hydrogen torch from him.
With all his tremendous strength the giant
Earthman brought the heavy torch down
ir a crashing blow on the other’s head. It
had not the slightest apparent effect. Ex-
cellent physical protection, spacesuits.

  Now the guard made a leap for Brad,
trying to imitate the blow by which Dick
had deprived him of the gun, but Dubrocq,
alert and glorying in physical action, flung
the heavy piece of apparatus at the guard’s
head. The guard went down in a heap.
Dubrocq recovered his ponderous weapon.
An ordinary man could hardly have lifted
it

In Command

BRAD motioned for the other to take off
his spacesuit. The fellow complied, and
they saw that he was a little Martian with
a hideously deformed body, and yet agile
and strong. Dick ripped off the man’s grav-
ity harness. The gravity in the flyer was
being kept about equal to that of the Earth
or Venus; without a gravity-harness to neu-
tralize most of the pull, a Martian was hard-
ly able to move. All of the Planetchief’s
party were wearing gravity-harnesses.

  The deformed Martian, seeing that resist-
ance was useless, lay flat upon the floor to
minimize the, to him, dangerous pull upon
his body. He could not move except with
considerable pain and the expenditure of
much energy. The Venusian was uncon-
scious or dead. For a moment the two in-
vaders were unopposed.

  They opened a door leading into a long
corridor, and cautiously proceeded down it.
Brad still had the gun, and Dick the heavy
torch.

  There seemed to be no one in the cor-
ridor, and no trace of any of the Martian
party. “They’ve probably already been con-
fined in staterooms,” suggested Brad in a
whisper. “He’s being treated well. Serv-
16

WONDER STORIES

ants and baggage all arranged for. What’s
the purpose of the abduction? Ransom?”

  “Shut up,” whispered Dick.

  1 hey passed closed, numbered doors.
Then one that was marked “Elevator”, one
“Storerooms”, and one, further along, that
bore the legend “Navigation Room”. Brad
hesitated. Dick boldly threw open the door
and walked in.

  There was a long-headed, grim-faced Mar-
tian at the control-panel desk. He looked
up to gaze down the big bore of the sluggun,
and slowly lifted his long-fingered hands.

  Brad was puzzled. The men they had en-
countered so far were from two different
planets. Which planet was behind the af-
fair? What was the motive?

  “What do you want?” asked the man at
the control-panel desk, paling visibly. He
seemed to be totally unnerved, trembling in
hif chair.

  “Cooperation,” stated Brad harshly,
“or—” He glanced for a second at the ugly
weapon in his hand. The other said noth-
ing.

  “You will start the flyer back in the gen-
eral direction of the Cosmonia \ said Dick
Dubrocq, “and meanwhile you will start at
once to calculate the course that will enable
you to meet the Cosmonia in the shortest
possible time.”

  The Martian opened some switches and
threw some others, adjusting rheostats care-
fully. He examined the images of the Cos-
monia that were upon several ground-glass
screens. The telescopes which supplied the
images were on opposite sides of the flyer,
and gave the distance of the Cosmonia by
electric triangulation. The navigator was
busily feeding figures into one end of a cal-
culating machine, and was watching the in-
dicators on the other end of the device. From
time to time he made a change on the great
electrical panel before him.

  Suddenly he tore off his earphones and
handed them to Dick, who donned them and
understood. Someone in command was
cursing the navigator heartily, demanding
what was wrong with him, and commanding
immediate rectification of the course. The
navigator had not dared make a reply in
the face of the gun. Dubrocq made no re-

ply either, but went to the door and stood
at one side of it, knowing that very soon
someone would arrive to investigate con-
ditions.

  In a moment the door opened and a figure
stepped through. Dick hit him with the
atomic torch and stood staring at the man,
recumbent on the floor. He had knocked
out the Planetchief of Mars!

  Kee Scarna came through the door with
a startled gasp, recognizing the wielder of
the torch. Terror came to her eyes.

  “Dick! What is it zat you have done?”

  Dubrocq was too startled to act. She had
called him involuntarily by his given name.

  The third to come through the door had
a tiny poison-dart gun in the palm of his
hand. He had apparently been urging the
Planetchief and his daughter ahead of him,
covering them with the weapon. He pointed
it at the still-dazed Dick, who dropped the
heavy atomic torch and raised his hands.
He saw the little Martian princess watch-
ing him with wide eyes. She was trying not
to sob.

IN a very few seconds the Venusian had
produced a second dart-gun from a con-
venient pocket, and was covering Brad.

  “Throw the slug-gun on the floor,” com-
manded the Venusian.

  Brad tossed it away. One second too late
the Venusian realized that Brad had tossed
it with the neatest of precision to the up-
stretched right hand of Dick Dubrocq, who
caught it and fired at the Venusian, too
hastily. The slug missed its mark and im-
bedded itself in the opposite wall.

  The Venusian fired his dart-guns simul-
taneously. The dart intended for Culbert-
son missed but struck the navigator, who
slumped forward in his seat. The dart in-
tended for Dubrocq was well-aimed, but the
Planetchief’s daughter interposed herself be-
tween Dick and the Venusian. She fell for-
ward as the dart entered her shoulder. Dick’s
second shot put an end to the Venusian. He
fell with a gasp.

  The Planetchief of Mars came to and sat
up. He took in the whole situation, but
there was no trace of emotion in his voice.
“The navigator and the captain, here,” he
IN THE SPACESPHERE

17

stated, “are the only two on this underman-
ned vessel who possessed enough knowledge
to navigate a space-ship, and they are both
dead. Can either of you men navigate in
space?”

   “No,” said Bradley Culbertson.

         CHAPTER III.
         Trouble Ahead

ICK DUBROCQ was very calm. He
seized the Martian ruler’s shoulder and
wheeled him around. “Your daughter,” he
said, “will die in a very few minutes unless
she is cared for. Find me some first-aid
^materials immediately.”

   Dick bent over the girl, ripped open her
 dress, and with string fingers removed the
 tiny dart from her shoulder. There was an
 ugly blue circle two inches in diameter
 around the tiny cut the dart had made.

' “What is it, Brad?”

   The Planetchief had already left the room.
 (For the first time in his life someone had
 [given him an order. He seemed to know
 .something of the vessel, for he returned
 shortly with a large first-aid kit from the
 .Doctor’s office, but there was no doctor
 aboard that furtive,^unlicensed spaceship.

   “It looks like Venusian sanzan,” said
Brad. ‘There’s only one hope. Cut and
burn it out.”

   “God, give me nerve,” said Dick Dubrocq.
 He motioned toward the heavy, undamaged
 atomic torch. Brad extracted a cigarette
 1 lighter from his pocket, and lit the torch.
 The gauge showed that its limited supply of
 hydrogen was almost exhausted. Dick se-
 lected a keen blade from the kit that the
 j Planetchief had opened. The Martian’s
 hands were trembling, now. He did have
 love and fear behind that stern exterior.
 And, as he watched Dubrocq, he had hope,
 too.

   For the merest fraction of a second Dick
 held the blade in the hydrogen flame. The
 steel would have melted away in almost no
 time at all. The ugly circle of blue, stand-
 ing out vividly against the white flesh of
 the shoulder, had increased an inch in
 ^diameter before their eyes. Dick slashed

the blue flesh with the red-hot scalpel,
criss-crossing it with cuts. Thick, foul,
bluish blood oozed out. Brad wiped it up
with sanitary cellulose. The kneeling giant
heated the thin blade again and again and
cut the merest trifle deeper each time, un-
til clean red blood was all that flowed out.
The blue circle, when wiped clean of blood
for a second, was paler. It did not increase
in diameter. They staunched the bleeding
with compresses and were silent, watching.
The hydrogen torch went out.

  They watched the faint blue circle for ten
minutes. It did not increase or grow dark-
er. It became paler as they watched. The
girl’s breathing became regular. A chok-
ing cry of relief came from the Planetchief’s
throat, and then he was again the cold and
impersonal ruler.

  The navigator was beyond relief. His
whole, body, now, was almost unrecogniz-
able with that horrible bluish color.

  Dick Dubrocq collapsed in a heap on the
floor.

  A jar shook the spaceflyer. It had col-
lided with a large meteor. There was a
tiny, faint hiss. Air was leaking out some-
where. Brad lifted Dick to a seat. In a
moment he was himself again. ‘Thanks,
old fellow. A nervous reaction, that’s all.
It’s the first time I’ve ever played the sur-
geon with a girl I love.”

  The hint of a smile played across Brad’s
solemn features. The Planetchief’s coun-
tenance did not alter in the least. Dick had
forgotten his presence. He came forward.

  ‘The leaking air may become danger-
ous. I suggest you get the Cosmonia as soon
as you can by radio.”

  “Yes, sir,” said Bradley Culbertson.

THE navigator had done his work well.
The Cosmonia was a mere fifteen thou-
sand miles away, and careful radio instruc-
tions enabled the adept Brad to maneuver
alongside the immense spherical flyer, and
everyone on the tear-shaped ship was trans-
ferred back to safety. A navigator, equipped
with a helmet and a liberal supply of oxy-
gen, was sent aboard the alien ship to bring
it into Venus safely. Kee Scarna was given
excellent care by Doctor Kunzie. Zon
18

.WONDER STORIES

Scarna was as impersonal and as apparent-
ly unconcerned by events as usual.

  After talking with Captain South, Brad
consulted the Martian ruler’s secretary
about the party’s baggage. The secretary
consulted a card-index.

  “Aside from the cases and trunks in the
staterooms of the various members of the
party,” said the secretary, “there are three
crates and four trunks in the cargo-room.
The Imperial Planetchief has no use for their
contents until he reaches Mars.”

  “Thanks, ’’said Bradley Culbertson. “Hel-
lo, Vic. Where’s Dick?”

  “Kee Scarna asked to be permitted to see
him. Her father could hardly refuse.
Dick’s preparing a heart-break for himself,
Brad. He’s learning to care for the kid,
but she’s a princess. It’s impossible. It may
make trouble—”

  “Well, we’ve located the source of the
venn. One of the trunks bearing the Planet-
chief’s insignia doesn’t belong to the party.
Some clever smuggler got the extra one in
without inspection. If the Planetchief finds
out— If that secretary ever decides to check
up, and finds an extra trunk with the im-
perial insignia actually counterfeited —
There’s trouble ahead.” .

  “Poor fellow,” said Vic dryly. “In love
with a princess. Yes, there’s trouble ahead.”
Three hours later the Cosmonia had pass-
ed through the layer of thick clouds, and
was slowly descending in the yellowish at-
mosphere toward one of the landing cradles
of City Fourteen of the Third Nation of
Venus.

  The Venusian metropolis lay spread out
below with its methodical arrangement of
cubic skyscrapers. In spite of the ever-
present clouds the sunlight had an intensity
that it never had on Earth. The great
sphere eased slowly down. Vic and Dick
and the solemn Brad were on the air-lock
deck, where hundreds of passengers were
gathered for disembarking.

  As the Cosmonia landed gently a bullet
grazed Dubrocq’s side. It had been intend-
ed for his heart. The airlocks had been
thrown wide open, and hundreds were
crowding to get out into the rich damp air
of the Hot Planet. Someone in that crowd,

using some sort of silent bullet-projector,
had failed in an attempt at cold-blooded
murder.

  The quick-eyed Vic had caught sight of a
slight figure slinking between a couple of
obese Venusian women to get out of sight,
and had recognized the Martian named Tja
Narro. Vic spoke to Dick, who penetrated
into the crowd, and managed to approach
Tja Narro, wrho did not make any unusual
motion or vain attempt to break away
through the crowd. In fact, Tja Narro
didn’t appear to notice the approach of the
young giant Earthman at all until Dick
touched his shoulder.

The Whip Hand

THE crowd, more orderly now, filing out
quickly to be met by Venusian cus-
toms officers, paid no attention to Dick
and the Martian. Vic and Brad watched
alertly.

  Dubrocq calmly requested the little Mar-
tian to come to the navigation room for a
conference with Captain South. Tja Narro
expressed annoyance, but agreed to come.
Bradley Culbertson joined Dick, and they
took the Martian to the navigation room.
Captain South looked up in surprise from
a celestial chart as they entered, and mo-
tioned them to three comfortable chairs
that were near.

  “This gentleman is—Tja Narro, per-
haps?”

  “I am,” admitted the Martian. “These
men brought me here ostensibly for a con-
ference with you. It is obvious that you
were not expecting any conference, Cap-
tain, so I shall not take up any more of
your time.” He rose and started to leave.

  “Just a moment, Mr. Narro,” said Dick.
“Please resume your seat.”

  The Martian hesitated, stared into Du-
brocq’s eyes, and finally reseated himself.

  “Contrary to your supposition,” said Cap-
tain South, “I have been quite desirous of
speaking with you, but the work of celestial
navigation has kept me busy. . Now that
we have landed, I feel that it is my duty to
inform you that a very serious accusation
has been made against you.”
IN THE SPACESPHERE

19

  “Indeed? Of course I may ask what it

is?”

  “Of course. You are accused of connec-
tion with a band of interplanetary dope-
smugglers aboard this vessel, the same band,
I believe, that managed to get three tons or
more of Martian venn into New York dur-
ing the last year. This, of course, is the
showdown. Unless you can clear yourself,
I shall not permit you to land on Venus. I
am curious to know why you attempt such
a thing, after purchasing accommodations
all the way to Mars.”

  “You seem to keep well informed about
your thousands of passengers, Captain. Or
have you made a special study of me?”
“You are to answer questions, not ask
them,” said Captain South.

  “I shall answer only such questions as I
please to answer,” snapped the Martian.
“Since you are so eager for a ‘showdown’,
we’ll have it out now. To relieve your anx-
iety, I shall state that I am a member of
the smuggling ring under consideration;
that I regret failing to kill this Dubrocq, as
I had orders to do so. Frankly, he is a
nuisance. Eventually, I shall kill him.
Don’t move, Captain, and, please, don’t act
so astonished. In about three minutes you
will understand that I ‘hold the steel whip’
above all of you, to borrow a charming
Venusian expression. This is what you
vulgarly call a ‘showdown’, but I am the
one who shall do the talking.”

  Meanwhile an old and wrinkled Martian
had approached Vincennes on the airlock
deck, speaking in halting English.

  “Are you ze man name’ Deeck? Deeck
Du— Du— I do not know how to say—”
“Richard Dubrocq? No, he’s not here
now.”

  “No?” There was a faint note of alarm
in the old man’s voice. “You are name’
.Veec? Veec Vinzenne?”

  “I am Victor Vincennes.”

  “Ah! Weel you come weet’ me at once?
Eet ees very eemportant.”

  Vic went with the Martian.

*	* * *

  “I have a number of things to tell you,”
said Tja Narro to the three in the navigation
room.

  “First: I have a weapon in my pocket,
easily available. Second: I was entirely
within my rights when I attempted to leave
the Cosmonia here. Every ticket sold for
this ship to Mars allows the privilege of
discontinuing the voyage at Venus. From
here, I understand, the Cosmonia will go
directly to the Red Planet, but I have re-
ceived orders from my employer, who has
asked me to remain on Venus and perform
some little services for him there. Mr.
Smithers and I have both decided to cut
short our trips.”

THE captain started at the name of Har-
burton Smithers, wealthy Earthman,
and reached involuntarily for a speaking
tube; but he found Tja Narro pointing a
mean little bullet projector at him.

  “I regret that this diminutive weapon con-
tains only one bullet at a time, but that
one is poisoned, and the first of you three
who moves will die, while the other two will
gain nothing at all, even should you cap-
ture or kill me. Let the speaking tube
alone, Captain. We shall probably be in-
terrupted sooner or later by some unfortun-
ate individual, but why sign a man’s death-
warrant by asking him to come here now?

  “At present I desire strongly to explain
t» you some of the latest Martian advances
in the interesting science of physical chem-
istry. My talk, I dare say, will be quite
instructive. Please listen quietly, and do
not delude yourselves into thinking that I
shall not be alert every second for the
slightest suspicious move by any of you.
Now, about this scientific discovery:

  “On Mars, for the last thousand years
or so, the best scientists have been inclined
to uphold a theory of the atom somewhat
resembling the theory presented on Earth a
mere century ago by the scientist Bohr and
others, the so-called ‘planetary’ atom. You
know, I suppose—a compound central nuc-
leus of protons and electrons, with more
prctons than electrons, hence positively
charged. Balancing this charge are one
or more planetary electrons, revolving
around the nucleus. Of course, my de-
scription is inaccurate and faulty, but I
don’t want to spend too much time—
20

WONDER STORIES

  “The chemical properties, such as val-
ence, depend on the number of electrons in
the outer ‘orbit’ of the atom. A neon atom,
for instance, has a full set of eight electrons
in its outer ‘ring’ or ‘shell’, and is complete
and stable. It will not combine with any-
thing, not even another neon atom. It is
inert, and—”

  Tja Narro’s manner indicated that he was
likely to continue for several hours. Brad
interrupted him.

  “What are you driving at? Your forced
lecture is not particularly new. I’m listen-
ing mainly because of the gun, but I con-
fess a curiosity to know why you are dis-
coursing upon the neon atom at the present
time. Perhaps you are just killing time?”
Tja Narro laughed unpleasantly. “Per-
haps. I find it more interesting to talk
than to sit here in silence. Moreover, I
am leading up to something quite startling-
ly definite. To continue:

  “Recently a clever scientist of the Red
Planet devised a way to make two neon
atoms combine by sharing all their electrons.
Understand, bineon is not a biatomic mole-
cule. It is, rather, a totally new artificial
atom, whose properties in no way resemble
those of a neon atom. Instead its chemical
and physical properties show a resemblance
to those of calcium, the mono-nuclear ele-
ment that has twenty planetary electrons.

  “An ordinary neon atom has ten, two
in the primary orbit and eight in the outer
orbit. It is a gas. Bi-neon is a decidedly
metallic solid, chemically active, with a
valence of two, the valence of calcium. You
can see that a great scientific advance has
been made.”

CHAPTER IV.
A Case of Invisibility

     READ the scientific journals of Mars,
I Earth, and Venus,” said Brad, “but
I don’t remember having heard about this
achievement. It sounds incredible without
proof. I’d have to know more about the
scientist’s methods before I could believe
his claims. When and where was this dis-
covery made public?”

  “Most unfortunately, this scientist met
with an accident before his discoveries were
made public.”

  “Indeed?”

  “Indeed. You see, the carbonate of bi-
neon, while it resembles in a general way
the carbonate of calcium, has very import-
ant special properties, one of which is its
extremely great index of refraction. In the
pure state, bi-neon carbonate is colorless
and transparent, as is calcite, a pure form
of calcium carbonate. You follow me?”
“Yes,” said Dick grimly. “Go ahead.”
“Bi-neon carbonate can be prepared as a
hard, amorphous substance resembling glass,
and the scientist found that a ray of light
that once entered a sphere of it could never
emerge, due to the extreme index of refrac-
tion. The scientist experimented further
with mixtures of the bineon carbonate and
a pure glass. By varying the percentages,
he could vary the index of the finished pro-
duct.”

  “I see you coming,” muttered Brad.
“\ou probably do. The savant finally
made a hollow sphere of a bineon-glass mix-
ture that would let a light ray emerge at a
point exactly opposite the point at which
it entered, but without crossing the central
space. The refractive index was such that
the light ray was reflected and re-reflected,
within the glass, around 180° before it emerg-
ed. Then, of course, the sphere, and any-
thing in the hollow space within it, was to-
tally and completely invisible. You know
that a prism can act as a mirror, even
though it’s not silvered. In the same way
the hollow sphere acts as thousands of per-
fect mirrors. No matter from what angle
you look, you see nothing except precisely
what you’d see if the sphere and its con-
tents weren’t there.”

  “A practical method of producing invis-
ibility,” said Brad slowly.

  “Not practical. A sphere large enough
to hold a man is rather unwieldy. A cylin-
der is more convenient, though not so tech-
nically perfect. You can see a cylinder from
the top, though it is invisible if you look at
the cylindrical surface.

  “A cylinder seven feet tall, mounted on
casters, with small holes for the man inside
IN THE SPACESPHERE

21

to look through,—as no light reaches him,
he can’t see unless a small eyehole is pro-
vided—will render a man totally invisible.
Also, there should be carefully machined
openings and doors in the cylinder, to en-
able the occupant to fire a weapon, or to
take objects inside, though by doing so he
renders himself visible until the opening is
closed.”

  “A very convenient machine for crimin-
als,” said Captain South.

  Tja Narro laughed again, unpleasantly.

  “You might have the courtesy to watch
your language. But, after all, why not. I
am what you call a criminal. So are the
others in the—organization. We possess
one of those man-concealing cylinders. Af-
ter the accident that had occurred to the
scientist, his inventions were all taken over
and kept secret by the Imperial Government
of Mars. They overlooked one cylinder,
however, for the simple reason that it was
invisible. I need not go into details, but
that cylinder, after many adventures, is now
on board this space-flyer.”

THE Martian regarded a diminutive
timepiece. “Mr. Smithers has by this
time removed from the cargo-room the venn
and venn-plants that you discovered with
your prying XX-rays. The drug is now safe
on Venus. My partner’s invisibility en-
abled him to get rid of the unsuspecting
guard in the cargo-room before that indi-
vidual knew anything was happening.

  “Then in two or three trips, he safely
transported all the contents of that myster-
ious extra trunk outside to a fast waiting
truck. Another trip, and he carried away
the empty collapsible trunk in sections, just
to remove all annoying evidence of our
work. By simple dash-dot code on my Mar-
tian pocket radio transmitter, I have just
asked him to come here as soon as he fin-
ishes. I expect him any minute. You will
see the door open, but you will not see any-
one enter.”

  “Would you mind stating just what your
purpose is?” asked Captain South.

  “Not at all,” said Tja Narro coldly.
“You don’t suppose I intend to let you live
after what I told you? You three have

been marked for death anyhow. As I have
only one bullet I need assistance. My in-
visible partner will be well armed. You
probably know that the average Martian
has no compunction about killing. It’s com-
mon on the Red Planet, in spite of the com-
plicated system of decadent laws.

  “We are a cynical race, not burdened with
any flattering though false ideas of the sanc-
tity of fj^man life. An interesting scientific
phenomenon, life, but not of any great value.
Frankly, we are going to kill the three of
you and escape. We can’t expect you to like
it, but we were peaceably minding our own
business until you started to nose in with
investigations. Don’t move, my impulsive
friend. You are a powerful brute, but I
car. shoot you quite easily before you reach
me.

  The door of the room swung open, but
apparently nothing else happened. The
three Earthmen were rigid in their chairs.
Tja Narro laughed for the third time.

  A hand and arm suddenly appeared in
mid-air. A heavy automatic slug-gun was
clasped in the hand.

  But it was pointed at Tja Narro.

  The Martian stared a moment, and with a
lightning movement raised his own diminu-
tive projector. There was the thud of a
partially muffled shot, and the Martian fell
forward onto the floor. From mid-air came
an ironic voice.

  “Had to do it. Couldn’t give him a chance
with that poison bullet. An interesting
phenomenon, life, but not of any great value
unless one possesses something remotely like
character.”

  “Vincennes!”

  “Right. Now, Brad, if you’ll close the
door, we’ll wait for the charming Mr. Smith-
ers. Unfortunately, he did manage to get
the dope off the ship.”

  The disembodied voice ceased. Brad push-
ed the door shut, but in a moment it opened
again.

  Vic’s arm and hand and slug-gun reap-
peared, and the muffled thuds of three shots
were heard. Then in the doorway appeared
the figure of a falling Earthman, surrounded
by a heap of shattered, glittering fragments
22

WONDER STORIES

of thick, curved bineon-glass. A slug had
penetrated his heart.

  Vic suddenly appeared as he opened a
narrow door in the seven foot high glass
cylinder that enclosed him, and with him
was the little old Martian.

  “The shooting’s all over,” he said. “You
can thank Kee Scarna for your lives. The
little princess had a pocket code-radio too,
and, being the Planetchief’s daughter, of
course she would know the Martian dash-
dot code. She heard these two gentlemen
plotting, and sent this faithful servant of
hers to bring me to the only other invisible
cylinder on board, one of those that the
Planetchief confiscated.

  “I was outside listening to your conver-
sation several minutes before I decided
what to do. The Planetchief doesn’t know
that Kee betrayed the imperial secret of the
cylinder. I’ll have this man put it back
where Zon Scarna was keeping it before
he learns anything about what’s happened.
He would probably scold her if he knew
what she’s done.”

  “She saved us,” said Dick slowly.

  “She would, of course, Dick. It’s rather
obvious that she loves you.”

Operative 96M

EIGHT hours later the Cosmonia was ap-
proaching the Earth’s orbit on a direct
journey from Venus to Mars, which two
planets were just past their conjunction,
while the Earth was approaching the oppo-
site point in its orbit. The Cosmonia was
making about one thousand miles a sec-
ond.

  One of the ship’s orderlies entered the
suite that the three shared. Dick read the
message he brought.

  “It’s from Captain South. He says that
an Operative 96M of the Terrestrial Secret
Service came aboard when we stopped at
Venus. He’s after the dope-ring, and wants
ti hear what we know. The appointment’s
at ten-thirty. It’s now just eight twenty-
five.”

  “Righto,” said Brad Culbertson solemn-

ly-

  Later in the evening the three went to the

private parlor where, according to the note,
96M was waiting for them. There was no
one in the room but a very blonde and very
attractive Earthgirl.

  But on second thought the three decided
that she was a woman, not a girl. No one
of them would have cared to hazard even
an appropriate guess as to her real age.
There was an air of capability about her
expression and her bearing, and an unob-
trusive air of breeding and dignity that
was not at all incongruous with her very
obvious physical attractiveness. She was
the first to speak.

  “Mr. Culbertson, Mr. Vincennes, and Mr.
Dubrocq, I presume?”

  “Indeed yes,” said Dick. “You must par-
don our surprise. Captain South’s message
led us to think of you as a man. You are
Operative 96M?”

  “You should speak more cautiously. In
this particular case it’s all right. The cap-
tain has had this parlor electrically isolat-
ed, and, just to make sure, I’ve spent my
time in a fruitless search for mikes or pho-
tovision eyes. If you’ll be so kind as to
close the door completely, the room will be
soundproof and we can proceed with the
business at hand.”

  Brad closed the door. “By the way, would
you mind showing me your credentials?
Just a precaution, you know. As we’ve
never seen you before, there’s a possibil-
ity that you’re an impostor.”

  “Quite so. Captain South will vouch for
me, however. My credentials happen to be
in the ship’s main safe at the moment. If
you will wait here, I shall obtain them.”
“Let me offer my services,” said Dick.
“I am well known to the captain, and I
should be glad to save you the errand.”
“No. There is also the possibility that
you three might be impostors. It was ex-
tremely careless of me not to arrange for
a positive identification without so much
trouble. I appreciate your courtesy, but I
must obtain the credentials myself. Please
wait here, and say nothing unless the door
is closed.”

  The woman left. • Dick closed the door
after her.

  “What do you make of it, fellows?”
IN THE SPACESPHERE

23

  “She’s the real thing,” drawled Vic.

  The giant Dubrocq hesitated. “I don’t
know, Brad. Somehow she impresses me
as genuine enough. If she can present gen-
uine papers—”

  He left the sentence unfinished, and the
three sat in silence, each occupied with his
own thoughts. Brad was speculating about
the unusual properties of the carbonate of
the synthetic twin-nuclear element, bineon;
Dick Dubrocq was dreaming about a slender
grey-eyed Martian princess. Peculiarly
enough one Victor Vincennes was thinking
of the same Martian princess. Ten minutes
passed, and then ten minutes more.

  “Well, Brad?”

  “She’s about four times too slow. Let’s
go to Captain South’s office. I think he’s
on duty now, and that’s where the safe is.”

  Dick opened the door and the three step-
ped out*

ON the floor just outside was the body
of the woman. A bullet had passed com-
pletely through her neck from the front.
Brad stood for a moment as if dazed, then
looked up and down the corridor. It was
deserted, and there was no sound. Dick
and Vic knelt beside the sprawled-out body.
The face was beautiful even after violent
death. The throat-wound had not bled pro-
fusely, but it had evidently been instantly
fatal. The bullet had completely severed
the spinal cord by shattering three of the
cervical vertebrae. It lay on the floor not
far away. It was made completely of steel,
and its force had been almost spent when
it emerged.

  Dick went for Doctor Kunzie, while Vic
stayed by the body. Brad went in search of
Captain South, whom he found in the navi-
gation room. The captain was horrified. He
called the second officer to navigate and
came quickly. Dick had returned with Doc-
tor Kunzie and two white-faced orderlies
bearing a stretcher.

  For a moment Captain South looked down
upon the woman. Then he turned to Brad.
“This is not Operative 96M,” he said slow-
ly. “96M is a man. He finally decided to
get some sleep and see you ‘tomorrow’ as
we say in spite of the fact that there’s no

day or night out here. I do not know who
this woman is.”

  Brad seemed utterly absorbed as the doc-
tor led the orderlies away with their bur-
den, and the others knew that his keen mind
was at work. Brad questioned the cap-
tain.

  “You sent, of course, a second message
stating that the interview was postponed?”
“Of course. Didn’t you—”

  “No, we didn’t get it. Which orderly did
you send?”

  “The same fellow that brought you the
first one; name is Joe—er—Joe something.
Number 14.”

  “We’ll speak to Joe 14 later. Captain,
would you mind sending for the real
96M?”

  “Not at all,” said the captain, leaving
hurriedly. A moment later Doctor Kunzie
returned, obviously seeking the commander.

  “What’s the difficulty, Doctor?” asked
Dick.

  “No trouble. But I thought Captain
South should know that there were about
three hundred grains of Martian venn con-
cealed on the woman’s person. Pure drug,
too. Not the usual adulterated stuff.”

  “In what form was it, Doctor?”
  “Powdered, in ten grain papers.”

  “Thank you. I’ll tell Captain South.”
“I’ll be much obliged. Good night, fel-
lows.”

   As the doctor left, Brad picked up the all-
steel bullet, examined it minutely, and put
it in his pocket after wiping it clean with a
handkerchief. Captain South returned, with
a small, thin, and altogether negative-look-
ing gentleman whom he introduced as Oper-
ative 96M. The small man produced his
credentials, all in order. He listened min-
utely to all that Dick, Vic, Brad, and the
captain told him, but his rather blank ex-
pression did not change. He betrayed a
slight interest when told of the strange bul-
let, took it and carefully inserted it in a
small leather case he carried. He betrayed
no apparent interest at all when told of the
venn. He thanked the three for the infor-
mation, and took his leave, yawning. Cap-
tain South returned to the navigation room.
The three made their way to their suite.
24

WONDER STORIES

    “Queer-looking little egg, 96M, isn’t he,
  Brad?”

“Don’t misjudge him, Dick. Few under-
cover men look the part Don’t make the
^ superstitious mistake of thinking that men
with chins like his are cowards. Well, let’s
get some sleep.”

CHAPTER V.
The Planetchief Speaks

  WiEN Dick Dubrocq rose he could not
  find Brad Culbertson anywhere on the
  flyer. A vague misgiving annoyed him. He
  roused the sardonic Vincennes and talked
  things over. Vic, characteristically, put his
  finger on the vital point of the mystery.

    “Y’see, Dick, the main question is this:
  Why was she killed? Her identity is im-
  portant, too. She had no credentials to pre-
  sent, and Captain South had never seen her.
  Her motive in trying to interview us is mys-
  terious. Judging from the venn on her
  body, she was an addict herself, and prob-
  ably connected with the ring. Maybe she
  wanted to find out just how much we knew
  about them, to ascertain whether or not our
  knowledge was dangerous to the organza-
  tien. But who killed her, and why? 96M?
  No, he was asleep, or he let us think so, at
  least.

    “Who else on the boat would have any
  possible reason? The dope-ring, presum-
  ably, would have profited by knowing just
  how much we knew. There’s no reason for
  them to kill her, unless she intended to dou-
  ble-cross them and they knew it. If that
  were the case, she’d seek out 96M, not us.
  Why did she try that impersonation? There
  was no possible way to uphold it? Why?
  If we knew that, we’d be one step closer—”
  “I wonder if she might have been killed
  by mistake. In the semi-lighted corridor,
  someone waiting outside the door, having
  seen us go in and waiting for us to come
  out, might have made a mistake—”

    There was a knock at the door. Upon in-
  vitation, the small secret service man entered.
  He spoke in a low voice.

    “You are alone?”

    “Yes.”

  “Very well. I may speak freely. Cap-
tain South is not on duty now, and as I
have been aboard this vessel only a short
time, I do not know where his quarters are.
It is important that I see him, even if I dis-
turb his well-earned rest. None of the
stewards seem to be very much in evidence
at this particular moment, or I should not
have disturbed you.”

  “We can direct you to his quarters,” said
Vic. “May we ask why you want to see
him?”

  “I’ve been led to believe I can trust you
fellows. I must have the set of master keys
that Captain South undoubtedly possesses.
I intend to search for the gun that was used
last night. You see, nine persons out of
ten would look at that bullet and see it was
from a .45 caliber weapon. I have precision
measuring instruments with me, and I find
that it’s the merest trifle too large for a
forty-five.

  “It is from a Venusian weapon, with the
unusual caliber known as 7.37 k’kri, in
Venusian measurement. Guns of that cali-
ber are very rare. I must have the captain’s
set of master keys, and the sooner the bet-
ter. If I find a hidden seven-thirty-seven,
wc may learn who did the killing last night,
and why it was done.”

  Dick Dubrocq explained in detail how the
captain’s quarters could be reached, and the
little man left them.

  “Come with me,” said Vic. “You and I
are going to interview the Planetchief of
Mars. It strikes me that he might be able
to help us considerably, but so far we haven’t
called upon him at all.”

  “I’m game,” said Dick, and they said
nothing more until the Planetchief s secre-
tary admitted them to his presence. The
stern ruler paid them the honor of rising
when they entered his stateroom.

  “Gentlemen,” he said, “I seldom receive
visitors at such short notice, but I should
like you two and Mr. Culbertson to feel
free to call upon me at any time. When
we reach Mars I shall desire to decorate you
for saving my daughter’s life. In what way
may I be of assistance now?”

  “I do not know how much is known to
you,” began Vic, “but it has been discover-
IN THE SPACESPHERE

25

ed that there is a ring of narcotic smugglers
aboard this vessel. Their business is the
illegal transportation of Martian venn to
Earth and Venus.”

KT AM fully aware of the existence of the

  X ‘rin."’, as you call it,” replied the
Planetchief. “I stated once that politics on
Mars often become very bitter. I am hated
by millions on Mars. There is a very good
reason for that feeling. The organization
that is smuggling venn from Mars is per-
haps larger than you suspect. There are
millions upon millions of Earth-dollars pro-
fit in the drug-traffic, but it lives on blood
and human misery. The immense political
group that is opposing my rule, sometimes
even by violence, is organized and financed
by the narcotic ring. They want to get rid
of me.

  “I have the reputation of being stern.
Perhaps so; I am just. It is a matter of
common knowledge upon three planets that
captured smugglers and venn-agents and
sellers are always rigidly prosecuted on
Mars, and, if found guilty, immediately and
severely punished. I insist upon such meas-
ures, although it is impossible to completely
enforce the stringent Martian narcotic laws.

  “If I were replaced by a weak or a cor-
rupted ruler, the venn-distributing organi-
zation could acquire many more millions
of Earth-dollars and Venus-tuals than it now
does. Venn has legitimate medical uses.
It should be controlled. I am doing so to
the best of my ability, and I am cordially
hated by thousands, millions of the inhabi-
tants of Mars, who are swayed by the pro-
paganda of revolution and revolt spread by
the political groups which are directly
financed by the illegal distribution of a
deadly narcotic.”

  “Thank you. We have been wondering
about the motives behind that attempted kid-
napping. Do you happen to know the iden-
tity of any member of the ring?”

  “Of only one, and by description only.
An Earth-woman, refined and gentle in ap-
pearance, is a member of the inner circle
of the organization. I believe that by Earth-
standards she would be considered beautiful.

I do not know the name, but recently one
of my personal agents has obtained evidence
of her membership in the ring. Of course,
as long as she does not appear on the planet
Mars I can do nothing to her. The organi-
zation has many representatives on the other
planets.”

  “Is she rather taller than the average,
with extremely light hair and blue eyes?”
The Planetchief’s eyes suddenly gleamed.
“Yes. That is her description as reported
to me.”

  “She, or someone like her, attempted to
impersonate a secret agent of the World
Federation, and was mysteriously killed sev-
eral hours ago. We are seeking her identity
and the cause of her death. It is inexplain-
able.”

  “We thank you,” said Vic. “Your time
is probably valuable, and we won’t trespass
on any more of it.”

  “No matter. I am under a very great
obligation to you. Please convey my salu-
tations to Mr. Culbertson.”

  “We shall,” promised Dick. “Please ac-
cept our wishes for the speedy recovery of
your daughter.”

  The Planetchief said no more. Outside
in the corridor, Vic turned to his compan-
ion with a puzzled frown. His voice was as
metallic as ever.

  “Ten to one the woman he mentioned is
the one killed by our bullet with the odd
caliber. Somebody saved us from spilling
what we know to a member of the ‘inner
circle’. Who? The Planetchief himself and
96M are the only persons I can think of
who would have reason to shoot her, and I
doubt whether either of them did. There’s
something funny about this business.”
“Yes. And if Brad doesn’t show up soon
I’m going to be worried.”

  “I am already. There’s been too much
killing on this vessel. The organization
commits cold-blooded murder with no more
compunction than—”

THEY had just rounded a turn in the
corridor. In a heap on the floor was
the slight figure of the mild-looking, unob-
trusive little man who was “Operative 96M.”
For a moment they thought he was dead.
26

.WONDER STORIES

Examination, however, soon showed that the
man had only been stunned. A sizable
lump on his head showed by its position
that he had been struck from behind by some
heavy object, powerfully wielded. A little
patience and a little water brought him to.

  He had not the slightest idea who had
hit him, but the group of master keys he
had obtained, by which every door on the
vessel could be opened, was missing. No
hope of making a careful search for the
weapon now. Its rare caliber would have
made it very incriminating evidence if it
had been found, and microscopic examin-
ation could verify the fact that the bullet
in question had been fired from it. The lit-
tle man explained all this in a voice that was
trying hard but unsuccessfully to conceal an
extreme chagrin. Operative 96M had been
very neatly robbed without getting a glimpse
of hi^ assailant.

  They took leave of him immediately, and
attempted to locate the boy named Joe
Stubalski, Orderly Number 14; but Joe was
mysteriously absent too. None of the other
orderlies had seen him since their break-
fast. It took about ten minutes to establish
that Joe was totally missing.

  Dick was worried. Finally he disturbed
Captain South again and told of Brad’s dis-
appearance, and of the orderly’s. The cap-
tain put in a call for 96M at his rooms where
he had retired after making sure that the
keys .were gone from his pocket. Repeated
ringing of the ship-phone utterly failed to
elicit the slightest response. Then Captain
South, under the assumed name the man was
using, had him paged on all the decks by.
the loud speaking announcing system. There
was no response, and none of the orderlies
who searched the ship for him located the
mild little man any place aboard the whole
immense spacesphere.

CHAPTER VI.
Mistaken Identity

PERATIVE 96M of the World Secret
Service was missing.

After half an hour of search and inde-
cision, Vic and Dick decided to enter the

two-room suite that the little man had en-
gaged from Venus to Mars. The corridor
door opened into a small parlor, but a
spring lock was automatically keeping the
door fastened from the inside. As the mas-
ter keys were not available, the giant Du-
brocq hurled his weight against the door,
once. The lock gave. He stumbled in,
Vic followed him, and Captain South was
close behind them. For a moment all three
stood motionless, appalled at what they
saw.

  In a coagulated pool of his own blood lay
Joe Stubalski, Orderly 14.

  “Just one more killing,” said Vic sourly.
“This makes about seven in the last day or
so. Observe the document in the right
hand.”

  “What? Oh, I see. You’re observant,
Vic. What is it?”

  Gingerly Vic removed a small, bloody
rectangle of paper from the hand of the
dead orderly. It was a piece of Earth-cur-
rency, a hundred dollar note.

  Captain South went to the ship-phone and
called Doctor Kunzie.

  “Suppose we see what’s in the bedroom.”
suggested Vic, pushing open the door be-
tween the two rooms. “Say, come here.
Something hellish is loose on this ship.”

  Vic’s voice was quivering. The other two
jumped to the door. Vic was kneeling be-
side another figure, that of Bradley Culbert-
son, and a third was sprawled out absurdly
a few feet away. It was the little man. On
the floor between them was a Venusian gun,
of caliber 7.37 k’kri.

  “Brad’s hardly scratched. Just stunned,”
said Vic with a gasp of relief. “96M has
checked out. We’ve got to find out who did
this before—Attaboy, Brad—He’s coming
around.”

  Doctor Kunzie entered, examined the two
dead men rapidly, and then helped Vic re-
vive Brad. Solemnly he opened his eyes
and looked around.

  “Who did the shooting?” asked Dick .

  “96M killed Joe and shot me. I got him,”
said Brad slowly. “You see, he’s not 96M.
96M- is that woman whom this impostor
killed last night.”

  “Impossible,” exclaimed Captain South*
IN THE SPACESPHERE

27

  “Let me explain,” said Brad. “Before
you awoke, Dick, I went to the radio-room
after donning some clothes and a pair of
your ruhber-soled shoes. I couldn’t sleep,
you see, and I was suspicious. Thanks, Vic.
A drink’s just what I want. Don’t worry,
Doctor; that scratch on the scalp isn’t dan-
gerous. I’ve only been out a few minutes.

  “I sent a cosmic radio message, in an in-
tricate code I devised, to the Federation of
Earth-Nations. I knew that experts on
Earth would be able to penetrate the cipher.

  ‘‘About three hours later I received an
answer in the same code. It gave me an
authentic description of 96M; she is the
woman who was killed last night. The radio
operator will confirm my statements;
he sent and received the messages for
me. Meanwhile, while the identity of the
woman was still unknown to me, the doctor
here permitted me to examine her body.

  “I performed certain well-known chemical
tests for venn in her blood, or rather for
the end-product that venn finally changes
into. She was entirely negative, and I began
to think that the venn was planted on her
body after the shooting.

  “After the message finally arrived, I
shadowed our little impostor, and selected
a good moment to blackjack him from be-
hind.

  T T E didn’t hear me approach in your

  I-A shoes, Dick. I took the master keys
he had obtained from the captain, and start-
ed to search his rooms as quickly as possi-
ble. I located the gun he used last night,
—that seven thirty-seven. Also I found the
most complete set of forger’s tools imag-
inable; inks of all kinds, ink-removers of
all sorts, pens, papermending tools that can
splice two sheets of paper without leaving a
tract of the joining, and samples,—I won-
der where he got them—of all sorts of gen-
uinely officially watermarked papers.

  “And I found a uniform somewhat re-
sembling Captain South’s, except, of course,
that there were no insignia such as the cap-
tain wears on his neck-band. So I knew
what had happened. An interview with Joe
Stubalski confirmed what I had guessed.
I called him here and showed him what I

had found. He broke down and confessed,
although the little man had bribed him,
with that century note, to keep silent.

  “With the pseudo-uniform the man had
had the nerve to impersonate Captain South.
He looked genuine enough; the woman ac-
cepted him without question as the genuine
commander, particularly when Joe came
up, apparently by accident, and addressed
him as Captain South. She permitted him
to take her credentials, to be placed in the
safe, for captains of interplanetary vessels
are always men who have proved through-
out many years that they possess the high-
est type of honor and dependability. Don’t
blush, Captain. She would not have let
any ordinary person have the credentials.
She told about the interview she wanted, and
to make it look genuine the man dispatched
Joe with the message to us.

  “Then he left her, went to his room, and
made a hurried forgery of the credentials.
It was easy enough to substitute photographs,
but ticklish when it came to altering the
name and the physical description of size,
weight, sex, and so on, to fit his specifica-
tions. He managed to do it, splicing in
some of his contraband paper, tinted just
right with his splendid assortment of inks.
The great seal of the Federation was gen-
uine.

  “He presented these credentials, and, for
safety, to prevent us from finding anything
wrong if we checked up, he had Captain
South dispatch Joe with the same message
the woman had sent. Of course, Joe did
not disturb us a second time. He just left
the captain’s presence.

  “But our impostor had to kill the real
96M if he wanted to be safe, and he wanted
something of an alibi. So he told the cap-
tain he would retire. The captain sent Joe
with the second message, but Joe didn’t de-
liver it because of contrary orders from the
little man. If we didn’t keep our appoint-
ment the girl might be suspicious and on
her guard. You know the rest, I suppose.

  “When the little man came here he made
the mistake of shooting Joe first. I had
overlooked a gun he had when I stunned
him. When he shot Joe I dodged into the
bedroom and got that seven-thirty-seven he
28

WONDER STORIES

had hidden in here. I wonder why he want-
ed those keys?”

Nearing Mars

BRAD handed the set of keys to Captain
South.

  “I can’t oppose your story,” admitted the
Captain. “The little man seemed genuine.
When did you get Joe’s message?”

  “About eight twenty-five,” said Dick.
“H’m. / sent Joe to you, the first time,
just after nine thirty. You’re right, Cul-
bertson. He had almost an hour in which
to make the forgery. Nervy, all right. I
suppose he is a member of the ring?”

  “I’m quite sure. Look in his inner pock-
ets.”

  Vic Vincennes did so, and returned with a
handful of small, thin, folded papers. Each,
they found, contained ten grains of pure
venn. “He planted those others on her
body,” drawled Vic.

  “How,” asked Dick, “can we explain the
fact that the agents of the Planetchief de-
scribe the woman as a member of the nar-
cotic ring?”

  “Quite probable. The code-message from
Earth, in response to my inquiries, told me
that for several years she had been play-
ing a desperate lone game, pretending to
be one of the ring. She gained the confi-
dence of the inner group, and probably had
accumulated very valuable evidence. Re-
cently somehow they discovered that she
was a spy, and, you see, managed to get rid
of her. The man with the little chin carried
out his orders quite efficiently.”

  “I see. The Planetchief’s operatives
thought—”

  Vic Vincennes, exploring further the
pockets of the pseudo-96M, discovered a
square of paper from which one end had
been torn off. He read it and handed it to
Brad. It was brief and to the point.

  “Kill Dubrocq, Culbertson, and Vincennes
within six hours. Destroy this note immedi-
ately. n. Ar

“Well,” said Vic, “we’re slated for death.”
“N. A.,” said the herculean Dick. “H’m.
Say, Nathan Axelmann is on board. The

New York financier. I wonder if he’s mix-
ed up in this—”

  “Few people know it,” said Captain South
slowly, “but we also have aboard with us
the venerable old Martian, Norr Avornu.
He is the recognized head of the political
party opposing the rule of the present Plan-
etchief. Avornu stays closly in his rooms.
An old man, I am told.”

  “But this is Earth-script—” began Dick.
“Of course. It was written to an Earth-
man who wouldn’t understand Martian.”
“Well,” said Dick. “If we three want to
live, we’ll have to force a showdown soon.”
“Yes,” said Vincennes. “Damn soon.”
They left Doctor Kunzie to his gruesome
task and walked back toward the navigation
room. “We’ve made exceptionally good
time,” said the Captain. “I’ve crowded the
speed up to three thousand miles a second
plus. The modern generators we possess
can give very rapid acceleration that is also
very smooth. By the way, in an hour from
now our artificial gravity will be reduced
to the Mars-normal, instead of the Earth-
normal we are using now. Terrestrials and
Venusians will have to wear positive gravity
harnesses, set at approximately 3.09 to in-
crease the pull on their bodies. Martians
will be able to discard their negative har-
nesses, as our present electrogravitation will
be gradually reduced.”

  They reached the navigation room. The
little blood-red disk that was Mars gleamed
through the thick windows of quartzinite.
The Captain spoke again, gloomily.

  “In less than three hours we’ll have land-
ed on Mars, and our last chance to strike
a blow at this murderous organization will
be gone. I have been morally certain for
a long time that Norr Avornu is the brain
of the venn-ring, but I have not the slight-
est shred of evidence upon which to hold
him. This note proves nothing. It might
have been forged. It would be necessary to
prove that he wrote it. As far as I can see,
our hands are tied.”

Bradley culbertson spoke quiet-
ly. “I think you will find Avornu a
gentleman,” said Brad. “Suppose you call
him here for a conference, show him the
IN THE SPACESPHERE

29

 note, and mention that although you have
 nothing but that and other circumstantial
 evidence, nevertheless things look rather
 suspicious. Ask him if he has any state-
 ments to make, any denials. Ask him, as
 evidence of his good faith, to submit to a
 psychological examination.

   “Doctor Kunzie was showing me this
 morning .a beautiful instrument he possesses,
 a marvel of accurate scientific craftsman-
 ship, a brand-new and unbelievably delicate
 sphygmopsychometer, such as are used by
 the World Police Organization. Y’see,
 Avornu can’t fail to realize that a refusal to
 submit to the examination will look bad for
 him. If he refuses, don’t press him. If he’ll
 let you, hook him up to the soul machine
 and ask him all the questions you want to
 about the venn-ring. Doctor Kunzie is an
 experienced and competent psychologist.
 He can take a look at the charts made by the
 instrument and tell you whether the man is
 lying or not.”

   “By Jove, I never thought of that angle
 of attack,” exclaimed Captain South.
 “We’ll do it at once.” He reached for a
 speaking tube.

   “One moment, Captain,” said Brad. “One
 of us three should stay with you, as a wit-
 ness of the interview. I suggest that it be
 Vic, here. Dick and I would be superflu-
 ous, and I’m expecting a message from Mars
 any moment.”

   Bradley Culbertson rose to leave, and
 Dick accompanied him, leaving Vic and the
 Captain wondering just what he meant.
 Dick tried to question him as they walked
 down a deeply carpeted corridor. Brad
 would answer nothing.

    “Believe me, Dick, I’ve got a good reason
 for not telling you what I know, yet. There’s
 a fifty-fifty chance that there may be hell
 let loose on this flyer in a little while. I
 know what I’m doing. I want you to search
 all the decks for Kee Scarna. She’s recov-
 ered from that sanzan, but she’s still rather
 weak. She may be in great danger, and I
 know you don’t want her to be in any sort
 of danger. Find her and ask her to go to
 her room until we reach Mars. See that
 she promises you to stay there.”

I	“All right, Brad, you’re the professor,”

said Richard Dubrocq, “What are you go-
ing to do in the meantime?”

  Two-fifths of a smile played across Cul-
bertson’s sober lips. “I’m going to the
ship’s library and see if I can find a copy of
Doctor Gnanson’s scholarly work, ‘The
Theory and Practical Applications of Para-
Electricity.’ It’s a branch of physics I’ve
always wanted to study.”

CHAPTER VII.
A Counter Revolution

ONE hour later the ship’s announcing
system warned the passengers that the
change of gravity was soon to take place.
Earthmen and Venusians donned gravity-
harnesses of thin silver bands, attached to
ludicrously small para-electric pocket bat-
teries. The currents of para-electricity set
up could be made at will to increase or de-
crease the electrogravitational puli upon the
individual who controlled them. Terres-
trials and Venusians adjusted their positive
harnesses so that the Mars-normal gravity
wouldn’t send them flying around at every
step. Martians discarded the negative har-
nesses which had kept the Earth-normal
gravitation from harming their bodies.

  Shortly after the change Dubrocq came
to the library. “I finally located her maid,
who says that she’s feeling indisposed, and
hasn’t risen yet. She’ll be safe, I suppose.
The maid says that she won’t rise until we
reach Mars.”

  Vic Vincennes arrived. Vic was attempt-
ing to suppress a certain amount of excite-
ment.

  “Well?” inquired Brad.

  “Doctor Kunzie gave Avornu a clean
slate. He cooperated with us, and the
psychomechanical evidence absolutely ab-
solves him. He said that he knew of the
existence of the ring, but he denied any
connection with it. Any psychologist in the
solar system would have sworn he was tell-
ing us the truth. Not the slightest micro-
scopic deflection of the recording styli.”
“I expected it,” said Brad.

“It astounded Captain South. He’s run-
ning around in mental circles at present.
30

WONDER STORIES

Do you suppose that Martian can control
his nervous organization to such and ex-
tent that hfc can lie to a sphygmopsycho-
meter and get away with it?”

  “I have not studied the nervous anatomy
of Martians closely enough to hazard an
opinion,” said Brad academically. “It
might be possible. Has any official mes-
sage come from Mars yet?”

  “Not that I know—”

  The spacesphere’s announcing system
broke in, stating that Captain South would
like to meet Dubrocq, Culbertson and Vin-
cennes in the radioroom.

  The operator was bending over his instru-
ments when they entered. Captain South
was holding a sheaf of message blanks, re-
garding the topmost with astonishment and
anxiety. “Ah,” said Brad. “A cosmic radio-
gram from Mars!”

  “Yes,” said the captain dully. “We’ve
lost our chance. This radiogram announces
that the established government of Mars has
been overthrown completely by a short and
deadly scientific revolution. Zon Scarna
and his daughter are exiled forever; forbid-
den to land on Mars. For the time being
the revolutionists have picked Norr Avornu,
who seems to be the popular idol, to take
charge of the complete reorganization of the
planet’s government. Norr Avornu has
absolute power at present.”

  “I knew it yesterday,” said Brad Cul-
bertson. “I suppose you have sent copies of
the message to Norr Avornu and to Zon
Scarna?”

  “Yes. Just a moment ago. They must
have them by now.”

  “H’m. I wish you hadn’t. I wanted to
intercept that message. It’s a peculiar trick
of fate, to have both the present and the de-
posed ruler on board at the same time. I
wish I knew more of Martian psychology—”

THE unmistakable sound of an explosive
bullet detonating on impact interrupt-
ed Brad. He rushed to the door and out
into the corridor while the others stood mo-
tionless for a fraction of a second, startled.
Four more explosive shots were heard in
rapid succession.

  ‘They’re gunning for Brad,” said Vic un-

der his breath. He and Dick and the captain
leaped toward the corridor door. A figure
confronted them, then in a second four more
appeared, all Martians, and all with an au-
tomatic or a ray-pistol in each hand. The
first was Zon Scarna. His face was no
longer stern and expressionless, but showed
plainly anger—cold, calculating, and en-
tirely merciless. He spoke.

  “Some of my men now have control of
the navigation room, and of the second and
third officers of this spaceship. Others are
guarding well Norr Avornu, an old fool.
You, Captain South, and the other officers
are, I fear, the only men aboard who know
enough of celestial navigation to safely han-
dle this spaceflyer. From now on I shall
command. If you obey, and if everyone else
aboard obeys me, I guarantee that most of
the passengers for whose lives you are re-
sponsible will not be harmed in any way.
With Norr Avornu in my power, I shall
proceed to dictate terms to Mars. All of
you will now proceed to the navigation
room.”

  They did so, silently, well-covered by the
weapons of the desperate ex-ruler of Mars
and his followers. The second and third
officers of the Cosmonia were helpless, fac-
the guns of more of Zon Scarna’s men. The
former Planetchief spoke again, his voice
level and cold.

  “As for you, Dubrocq, and you, Vincen-
nes, and your friend who tried to get
away, I shall kill you, now. You three in
particular have meddled with things that
do not concern you. Your friend was
wounded or killed in his foolish flight. An
orderly who tried to resist us is dead. Cul-
bertson is lying in the corridor now, prob-
ably dead too. I must make sure.”

  He spoke to two of his men in Martian,
telling them to get Brad, whether he was
dead or alive, and bring him to the naviga-
tion room.

  “I shall kill you three with the poisoned
needle-gun, and my men will immediately
give you burial in space. You and your
officers, Captain, will watch me with such
composure as you may have at your com-
mand, and realize that I will brook no in-
terference whatever; that I do not and shall
IN THE SPACESPHERE

SI

not hesitate to eliminate anyone who annoys
me.”

  The two Martians returned from the cor-
ridor, empty handed. The Planetchief’s
countenance hardened. Vic Vincennes saw
him lift his needle-gun at pointblank range,
and felt an intolerable weight falling upon
him, crushing the very life from him. He
crumbled to the floor, overcome with nau-
sea. The room seemed to be spinning, the
sickness more acute and more horrible.
Then unconsciousness.

Brad Explains

IN the dynamo-room, in the very center of
the enormous sphere, a figure lay recum-
bent lipon the floor. Another pulled a
huge double-throw knife-switch into its off-
position, and began a systematic process of
disconnecting other switches. His hands were
bare—he ran the risk of death by para-
electricity, the strange “cold energy”, sec-
ond cousin to electricity—but so expert was
his manipulation that he did not give the
thousands of ampores* of cold “juice” a
chance to short through his body.

  Brad Culbertson glanced at the man he
had felled, and proceeded to the navigation
room. On the floor were the motionless
bodies of Vic and Dick, of Captain South
and the other officers. There were also ten
shapeless masses, all that was left of Zon
Scarna and his Martian aides. Dick Du-
brocq, of the mighty physique, soon revived,
and helped Brad revive Vic and the other
Earthmen. The mangled bodies of the Mar-
tians were removed by the ship’s orderlies,
under the direction of the wondering Doc-
tor Kunzie.

  “Suppose you explain, Brad,” suggested
Vic pointedly. “Dick and I and these offi-
cers would like to know what it’s all about.”
. “As briefly as possible,” began Brad, “the
situation is this: For many years Zon Scarna
has been the hidden brain of the venn-smug-
gling organization, but not until very re-

*The ampore is the para-electric unit corresponding
to the ampere of ordinary electricity. As electricity
produces electromagnetic fields, so para-electricity pro-
duces positive or negative electrogravitational fields,
by which interplanetary vessels are propelled. Para-
electric generators derive their power from coal, oil,
and synthetic fuels, just as ordinary generators do.

cently was this known to the Martian peo-
ple in general. Zon Scarna would permit no
competition. Any unfortunate Martian who
took up the smuggling business on his own
initiative was soon ferreted out, tried, and
condemned to death.

  “Thus Scarna furthered his own inter-
ests by reducing competition, at the same
time throwing a smoke screen across his own
trail. He gained a reputation for stern and
righteous justice. The Venus- and Earth-
governments approved most heartily of his
actions. But this apparently righteous ruler
was the carefully hidden brain behind the
venn-ring.

  “Incidentally, Dick, his one and only re-
deeming feature was his love for that daugh-
ter of. his. She knows nothing of her
father’s real character or occupation. She
was the only thing he was capable of loving;
and he would have been genuinely grate-
ful to us for saving her life if it hadn’t been
completely demolishing his plans, and if
you hadn’t let him hear you say you loved
her. He didn’t intend to have any Earth-
man take that girl away from him—

  “He brought aboard an extra trunkload
o* venn, and had it smuggled off at Venus
under cover of invisibility. Remember how
willing he was to submit to the attempted
‘kidnapping’? He engineered the whole
thing, in order to be very sure that the in-
conceivably valuable trunkload of the pure,
unadulterated narcotic could be landed on
Venus. He has a hidden landing cradle up-
on the Hot Planet.

  “At the regular terminal of the Cosmonia
the trunk might have been searched with
XX-rays, for the Venusians don’t observe
the custom of exempting rulers through
courtesy. He planned the ‘abduction’ by
supposed Venusian brigands. But when the
meteor struck the vessel, causing it to leak
air, Scarna came back to the Cosmonia with-
out giving his hand away. You recall that
he was not under restraint on the alien ves-
sel, Dick, although he appeared to have been
so. Of course, with his daughter poisoned,
he returned without protest to the Cosmonia,
where expert medical aid was obtainable. I
think Kee Scarna has suspected something
wrong ever since that ‘abduction’ fell
32

WONDER STORIES

through. The venn, however, was success-
fully landed on Venus by one of his agents,
using the more risky and hitherto secret
process of invisibility stolen by the Planet-
chief from the Martian savant who in-
vented it.

( 4 OPERATIVE 96M of the World Secret
V-/ Service penetrated his secret and in-
formed the Federation of Earth-Nations, the
Planetary Council of Venus, and the heads
of the perfectly legitimate political organ-
izations opposing Zon Scarna’s rule on
Mars. A very remarkable woman, 96M. It’s
a shame she was killed.

  “I obtained all this information yesterday
from the Federation of Earth-Nations in re-
ply to my code message, but at that time
Zon Scarna was still ruler of Mars and
you’d hardly have believed me anyhow.
With the knowledge and consent of Norr
Avornu, his party led the almost instantan-
eous revolution on Mars, gaining complete
control of the planet. That was what I was
waiting for, for as soon as that news came
through we could arrest Zon Scarna and per-
haps put an end to these attempts on our
lives.

  “You are wondering perhaps about those
initials. I could hardly keep from smiling
at you when you interpreted N. A. to mean
Norr Avornu. None of you seemed to re-
call a fact that is undoubtedly known to
you all. The Martian system, and it is no
less logical than ours, is to consider the
last symbol in the name as the initial, rather
than the first. And, even when his name was
phonetically transliterated into Terrestrial
spelling, he kept the same system; N. A.
plainly and straightforwardly signified Zon
Scarna.

  “When I heard that shot today—the shot
that killed a totally innocent orderly who
happened to be standing in the Martian’s
way, I saw clearly in a second what had hap-
pened in Zon Scarna’s mind. Always bold,
he would capture the unarmed ship; then,
with Norr Avornu as hostage, he would be
iu a position to dictate terms to Mars.

  “I rushed out and he shot at me. The ex-
plosive bullet missed me, but I fell volun-
tarily and lay quiet while other bullets went

over me and struck the corridor wall, demol-
ishing it in places. If he had only fired
one bullet he would have seen, by the dam-
age it did to the wall some distance away,
that he had missed me.

  “When he and the others went into the
radioroom, I made a successful break for
the generator room. I didn’t have time to
argue with the man on duty there, so I hit
him on the temple from behind. I dis-
connected the para-electric cables that sup-
plied artificial gravitation to many of the
rooms of the ship. I hooked them all to the
cables that carried the para-juice to the
navigation-room gravity-field circuits, and
cut in all the generators for seven seconds.
Anything longer would have burnt out the
coils.

  “I robbed the rest of the ship to concen-
trate our gravitational power here. You,
with sturdy terrestrial bodies, were able to
stand it for a few seconds without serious
or permanent injury, in spite of the fact
that you are wearing positive gravity-har-
nesses. The Martians, of much frailer phy-
sique, were crushed to death immediately,
apparently just at the most opportune time.
You may not have noticed it, Vic, but there’s
a poisoned needle-dart sticking in the rug
just three inches in front of your left foot.

  “That’s about all. I reconnected the para-
electric cable cofrectly, and came here, ask-
ing Doctor Kunzie to come with me. His
office was horribly disarranged by the tem-
porary cessation of gravity. I’m sorry. All
of his instruments and medicines floated
around the room at random. It couldn’t
be helped—”

  “I’m sorry for Kee Scarna—” began Du-
brocq weakly.

  ‘The shock is going to hurt the little prin-
cess,” drawled Vic, “but she’s take it stand-
ing. She’s a thoroughbred. Yet someone
ought to take care of her. She’s just a kid
of eighteen or so, according to Earth-time,
alone in the universe. It’ll be up to you,
Dick. I saw her fall for you when you
spilled her wine, and I’ve watched you fall,
son. Ask her, Dick; the invulnerable social
barrier is gone, but she’s a Martian girl,
and wouldn’t think it proper to take the first
step herself. She’s exiled from Mars; it’s
IN THE SPACESPHERE

33

tip to you to take her back to Earth and
make her forget—”

All's Well

DICK had turned away, flushed, doubt-
ful, afraid. Vic stopped talking. He
posed as a cynic, Vic Vincennes. It wouldn’t
do to show any emotion. The others never
knew that Vic loved the girl too; Vic would
have denied that he knew what love was, had
anyone asked him, which nobody did. Vic
.Vincennes changed the subject.

  “What about Norr Avornu?” he ejacu-
lated dryly. “According to Zon Scarna,
Avornu was well guarded by several men.
Most probably he still is.” -

  Captain South started, pulled open a
drawer, and abstracted four automatics.
“We’d forgotten him! Let’s investigate at
once.” The others took the proffered wea-
pons and started toward the door of the
navigation room. Vic Vincennes, in the
lead, collided with something he couldn’t
see. It was a moment before he found his
voice.

  “An invisible cylinder!” he exclaimed,
rubbing his forehead. “What in the—”
The cylinder wasn’t directly in the path
one would ordinarily take while entering or
leaving the room. Vic had blundered into
it by accident. The giant Dubrocq stooped,
put his arms around the glass he could not
see, and brought his tremendous strength
into play. He lifted the seven-foot high,
thick, heavy glass cylinder into the air and
set it down again several feet away. Cul-
bertson’s low voice rang in his ears.

  “Dick! I depended on you to keep her
away. God, I’ve crushed her to death.”

   For on the floor, revealed when the cylin-
der was moved, was a pitiful little heap of
blue and silver.

   Kee Scarna, however, was not dead. When
her father had received the message an-
nouncing his defeat, she had donned slip-
pers and had thrown a blue and silver silken
robe over her pajamas, and—

  “She tried to warn us,” said Dick. He
hpd picked her up in his arms, had seen
that she had not discarded her negative
gravity-harness of thin silver bands. In-

stinctively, when she felt the gravity increas-
ing, she had turned the tiny dial on the
band about her waist, increasing the strength
of the negative force that protected her. It
had not been enough to prevent her from
falling unconscious with pain; but it had
saver her from being crushed. She was
breathing regularly, slender and beautiful
in the giant’s arms. He was carrying her to
the doctor’s office. The others were with
him, but Richard Dubrocq paid no atten-
tion to them. He bowed his head and kissed
her pale lips, her warm white throat. Then
he looked at Vic, and his eyes were sombre.

  “You’re wrong, Vic. If you’ll think a
minute you’ll see. She’ll get over her at-
tachment for me. Interplanetary marriages
are so seldom happy. There’s too great a
physical and psychic difference. She
wouldn’t be happy. I owe it to her to drop
out of her life, before she does something
she’ll regret all her life. She been a dead
game sport; I can be one too.”

   Viv looked again at the girl’s tear-stained
face. “You are right, Dick; I was wrong,”
he said, and for once in Vic’s life his voice
held no irony, no bitterness, no edge.

  The giant relinquished his burden to the
patient and overworked Kunzie. “Take care
of her, Doctor, please,” he asked, and turned
to join the others. They proceeded to Norr
Avornu’s stateroom, but received no response
upon knocking repeatedly. The captain
opened the door with a master key.

  The venerable Norr Avornu held a weap-
on in each hand, covering two Martians
who were cowering against the opposite wall
of the room. Norr Avornu smiled pleasant-

 ly-

  “Ah, gentlemen,” said he. “I am much
relieved. I feared you might be the reen-
forcements these two individuals seem to
desire. I take it that you have the situation
well under control?”

  “Yes,” said Vic, smiling a little as he
gazed at four deadly Martian ray-pistols on
the floor. “Would you mind telling me,
sir, how you gained the upper hand on
these—er—gentlemen ? ”

“It was indeed most fortuitous. For some
reason the gravity in this chamber failed
{Concluded on Page 129)
The Light Bender

      Something was happening to the Peace tower. Around its spire a pall
      of darkness was swiftly gathering, spreading downward. • • •

34
THE LIGHT BENDER

35

wf IXfE believe that this ^
  rr story is an extraor-
  dinary one coming from the
  pen of a sixteen year-old
  author. It would do credit
  to the name of a mature
  experienced writer.

     Man with his tremendous
   development of science may
   be considered as a child
   fumbling about in the dark
   of a great cavern. He
   stretches out his hands and
   finds things that he puts
   to his own use and they
   serve him well. But the
   nature of the things that he
   finds and uses is still a
   mystery to him, and as he
   plumbs deeper and deeper
   into nature's laws to find
   new devices for himself, he
   may be intruding into a
   world that he does not
   understand.

    So science may easily
  prove a boomerang to man,
  and destroy hem in the pro-
  cess of civilizing him. Our
  brilliant young author has
  taken this theme and woven
  into it a finely conceived
  and executed, and tremen-
  ^dously gripping story. ^

iature switches: one labeled “Start”, and
                     the other “Stop”.

                        He snapped the first
                      lever forward and
                      pointed to a glass
                      paperweight a few
                      inches from the drum.

                    The little dynamo
                  turned suddenly.
                  Slowly at first, and
                  then with rapidly in-
                  creasing speed, until it
                  had become a blurred,
                  whirling shape, from
                  which came a shrilly
                  penetrating hum.

                     Wentworth gripped
                   the arms of his chair.
                   Before his eyes a dark
                   pall was clouding up
                   around the paper-
                   weight. It began to
                   take on a vague indis-
                   tinctness of shape, as
                   though it were slowly
                   dissolving. . . .

                  The hum rose to
                soundless heights. And
                at that instant, the lit-
                tle weight on Went-
                worth’s desk was gone.

                     Triumph showed in
                   Rail’s eyes.

                    He grasped Went-
 worth’s hand, pushed it forward on the desk
 to the spot where the glass sphere had been.
 Wentworth experienced a queer sensation.
 He was feeling something that he could not
 seel

  He was saying, briefly,

  “Watch.”

  Before him, resting on the smooth sur-
  face of the desk, was a small object. It
  was in the form of a hollow drum about a
  foot in diameter, in the center of which re-
  posed a tiny model of an electric dynamo.

  The only visible controls were two min-

THE frosted glass door that led into the
private office of Councillor Alvin
Wentworth, Chairman, in this year, 2030
A.D., of New York City-State, was closed
and locked. His prim, efficient secretary
had received her orders; and to the many
and varied numbers who came seeking aud-
ience with the great man, she gave the in-
variable answer:

  “He’s i n confer*
ence.”

  In the large, luxur-
uriously fitted room
room, Mr. Wentworth
was in conference. He
sat behind his permen-
tite desk, staring with
some misgivings at
the two stalwart gen-
tlemen who confront-
ed him.

  One was a very tall,
thick-set, and deter-
mined looking man,
whose attitude at the
moment was one of an
insistent request for
attention; the other,
smaller, wizened, but
evidently more prud-
ent, looked on in si-
lence.

  The two small paste-
boards o n Went-
worth’s desk read:

“Hend & Rail, Science
Engineers”. T o the
Councillor, there
seemed something fam-
iliar about the first of
these names. Then
he remembered: he
had read, not long before, of the promin-
ence and brilliance of the engineer-physi-
cist, Arnold Hend, who had announced his
intentions to visit America from his home
land, Germany, on some errand whose na-
ture he refused to reveal.

  But the smallei engineer, whom the big
man had called “Hend”, was silent. Rail
had evidently been delegated to do the talk-
ing.

 It was weird. Uncanny. The sweat
 formed on his forehead. He drew his hand
 back.

 “Enough!”
WONDER STORIES

  Rail snapped the other switch. Ho
grinned: “Convinced, Chairman?”

  “Yes. What I have seen would have re-
moved the most obstinate of doubts. But
it’s—it’s—dazing—stupendous—You have
achieved invisibility. How?” ,

  For an instant, Rand hesitated. Then,
questioningly, he glanced at Hend, the third
man in the room, who had maintained an
enigmatic silence.

  “Arnold is much better at that than I.”

 bending light. We have intensified, by
 dynamo of our own construction, the whole
 vast magnetic field of gravity into a direct-
 ed channel.

   “You saw the result: invisibility. The
 incalculably powerful field of force which
 was centered on the paperweight so bent the
 light rays which made it visible to us, that
 they passed around it, instead of being ab-
 sorbed or reflected. If gravity were pure
 electromagnetism, however, the effect
 would be a sort of dark ‘hole’ in space,
 blotting out still the sight of objects around
 it. But gravity, though akin to magnetism,
 is a separate, distinct force; with the result
 that it not only bends light, but renders
 those substances which come under its direct
 influence extremely per-
 meable to light reflected
 from other matter. Thus,
 t h e paperweight com-
 pletely vanished.”

                   Wentworth’s face mir-
                 rored his struggle with
                 incredulity. He said
                 abruptly:

                      “Let me see that again.”
                    Rail made a gesture of
                    impatience. H e flung
                    the tiny switch. Once
                    more the vibrant sound of
                    the little machine on the
                    desk filled the room.

 Weniworth put out his
 hand for the second time.
 Expectantly. And then,
 annoyance on his face, he
 passed his fingers over the surface of the
 desk in a searching motion.

After a moment:

   “I can’t feel it. What’s the matter? It’s
 gone. ...”

   Unbelieving, Rail stared at him. Hend
 had stiffened curiously at his first words, a
 strange expression on his strained face—
 the expression of one who suddenly finds
 an oft-expressed fear confirmed within
 him. . . .

He whispered hoarsely, half to himself:

   “John! I—we’ve made a mistake!—It’s
 too big for us, for our puny machine—We
 were too confident in ourselves. . . • Why.

HEND flushed; for a while he remained
silent; and then, in a guttural, Ger-
man voice, which, however, was untainted
by any accent, he spoke:

  “It is verv simole. We have onlv taken

advantage of something
that all men have known
for a hundred years: that
gravity is a form of elec-
tromagnetism. Einstein
told us that in the twen-
tieth century.

  “We have always been
able, in our day, to pro-
duce powerful magnetic
fields, and to intensify
them to a degree limited
only by our supply of
energy.

 “Around u s, unno-
ticed apparently by all
men with the exception
of John and myself, is the
hugest magnetic field of	FRANK It. KELLY

our experience, one of
the most vast sources of energy conceivable
—Earth’s gravity!

  “Science has long known (once more
from Einstein) that a powerful magnetic
field has a perceptible effect on light rays
passing through it. Light beams crossing
the sun were observed to have been turned
measurably from their normal path, when
under the direct influence of the star’s tre-
mendous, though unconcentrated, magnetic
field; resulting in the phenomena of light-
bending.

  “Rail and I have simply combined these
two facts: that gravity is akin to magne-
tism, and that magnetism has the power of
THE LIGHT BENDER

37

it’s bigger than matter itself! Don’t you
see? .... It has warped the very sub-
stance of that paperweight, as it has bent
its light. . . .

  “I tell you I’ve always feared it; such
power was never intended for man. . . .
We must give it up, John, while we have the
chance!”

  His face was drawn into a mask of terror.
His voice trembled, his hands shook. And
then, as suddenly as it had come, the paro-
xysm of fear left him; he fell back into his
chair weakly.

  Rail snarled contemptuously. He swept
his great hand out over the desk.

  He gave an exclamation of pain, rubbed
bruised knuckles. He laughed.

  “You simply missed it, Councillor! It’s
there now right enough!”

  He dismissed the incident as a mistake,
a triviality; but in his laughter, Wentworth
detected an undercurrent of nervous strain.

  “Look!”

  Before them, as he snapped the releasing
switch once more, the little weight was com-
ing into view. The vagueness about its sur-
face was melting slowly.

  Again a flicker of victory gleamed in
Rail’s eyes. It was short-lived.

The Great Plan

THE glass sphere on the desk-top had
changed. There was an indefinable
difference in its appearance, a shadowy,
impressive indistinctness of outline, a dark-
ness about its surface. . . .

  It had lost its prosaic look. It seemed a
part of another, altogether different, world—

  Wentworth was conscious of a vague
foreboding. His mind was crowded with
the tremendous possibilities that lay in the
tiny, innocent-appearing drum. Surely such
a little thing could hold no threat of dan-
ger, of menace!

  With a feeling almost akin to awe in his
heart, Wentworth stared fascinated at the
inventors of this wonder.

  Hend, the older, more cynical, was a
small, sharp-featured man, grayed by years,
and made skeptical with experience.

  Rail, almost a giant physically, with a

genial nature and an insuppressible optim-
ism, had a keen, ever-active brain that re-
fused to admit the existence of the impos-
sible. His was an absolutely fearless tem-
perament.

  Between them, the engineers formed an
almost irresistible combination. Friends of
long standing, each complemented the other
in nature, intelligence, and outlook. . . .

  Wentworth remembered his dogged re-
luctance to be convinced, and marveled at
his now firm belief. But this demonstra-
tion had put an end to all his doubts. . . .

  To the engineers, the enlistment in their
cause of Wentworth, Chairman of the Exe-
cutive Council of New York City-State, and
by far the most powerful man in the city,
meant all. Closer than they had ever
thought possible before, loomed realization
of their life’s dream: invisibility on a prac-
tical scale. They had visions of crime
wiped from the face of the earth by an in-
visible law force, of even the possibility of
war abolished by the establishment of an
international peace fleet that, invisible,
would patrol the airways of the world.

  To Wentworth, invisibility meant an in-
calculable advance to the civilization of
man and, particularly to his beloved city,
a stupendous power with infinite promises
of good.

  Each accepted as sacred the duty of pre-
senting this new force to the world; and
each searched his brain for a plan that
should be both fitting and impressive.

  It was Alvin Wentworth who first broke
the lengthening silence.

  “My friends, you have much work be-
fore you. We have yet to convince the
world that invisibility is possible; so you
must have some place of absolute secrecy
in which to complete your task. That
which I have in mind is ideal: the interior
of the Peace Tower. ... I alone possess
the means of entrance. It has been closed
to the public for twenty years. Its very
obviousness will protect you! .... And
finally, when you are ready, it will oHer a
splendid means of demonstrating your pow-
er to the world. ...”

  He paused. His gaze went from one to
the other inquiringly.
38

WONDER STORIES

  Rail was obviously eager, acquiescent.
And upon the calm face of Hend was sup-
reme resignation, a fear conquered though
not denied. . . .

  “What is your answer?”

  “Our answer is: yes!”

  It was Rail’s voice, vibrant, impatient.
The German’s head gave a slow nod. . . .
The bargain was complete.

  “Then, come!”

DOWN here, on the very bottom level of
the City Canyons, there was an eery
atmosphere of loneliness. The cold white
gleam of the great street globes cast a green-
ish lifelessness over the vast stretches of de-
serted pavement; the looming enormity of
the buildings that pressed closely in upon
the little street gave an overwhelming im-
pression of insignificance to the three who
huddled in the long shadow of a crimson
Tower. . . .

  Wentworth sent a white, hissing beam
leaping out suddenly from a queer-shaped
cylinder in his gloved hand. It struck
crashingly against crimson metal. . . .

  There was an abrupt, startling click; a
tiny disc embedded in the red wall had re-
volved in a slow, measured movement. . . .

  The white beam flashed out again; and
again, this time with a whirring, reluctant
groan, the disc turned upon itself.

  An instant’s pause. Then once more that
crashing cone of coruscating force—and si-
lently the scarlet barrier before them was
opening into a dark cavern whose height was
hardly higher than a man. . . .

  Wentworth turned. His low, hoarse voice
whispered:

  “You have one minute. ...”

 They gripped hands. With one last
glance over their shoulders, the engineers
were gone. . . .

  Wentworth was left to stand alone.

*	* «

  With an impatience born of two months’
fruitless waiting for some word from those
to whom he had given admittance to the
Tower, Wentworth reached eagerly for the
communication cylinder upon his desk.

  With trembling fingers, he loosened the
metal cap. He held it over the desk.

  There was a dull thud. On the smooth
surface of the wood lay a tiny roll of metal-
lic substance.

  Wentworth inserted it quickly in a slot
that ran the length of a small, compact
machine on one corner of his desk. He de-
pressed a lever. . . .

  An instant’s pause; then:

  “To our chairman, Councillor Wentworth,
greetings! Knowing your anxiety and pro-
bable uneasiness over our continued failure
to report our progress in the enterprise
which we have undertaken, we must apolo-
gize for our negligence. But events since
last we saw you have followed in such rapid
order and with such bewildering marvel-
ousness that we have almost lost track of
time.

 “We have succeeded far beyond our
dreams. Within one week after the dis-
patching of this report, the first Light-Bend-
er will have been completed; and we shall
be ready to convince the world, in an in-
dubitable manner, that our discovery is a
practical reality.

  “Necessity requires that this report be
brief. At high noon on the twenty-fifth of
this month (Sol), we shall, in accordance
with the Plan which you outlined to us on
that first day, remove from the sight of man
the greatest of all his works—the Peace
Tower in which we are. . . . Until then!—”

  The lifelike voice of Rail ceased. Went-
worth felt a great relief surging over his
soul.

  His fears had heen vain! After all, he
had nothing on which to base them, except
the queer, distorted appearance of the paper-
weight upon the desk. . . . But as he
thought of that distortion, his fears returned
again, augmented by a greater fear.

  What if, as Hend had feared, the incon-
ceivable power generated by the engineers’
machine was capable of warping the mat-
ter, as well as the light, that came within its
influence? There had been some who
claimed that dimension was determined by
rate of vibration. . . . Then if the vibration
of the matter made invisible was altered
also, might not that matter be translated
into another dimensional plane, to be re-
THE LIGHT BENDER

39

turned only in grotesque travesty of its for-
mer shape?

  He shuddered, refused to think of the al-
ternative : that it might not return at all . . .
That the sole reason for the return of the
paperweight lay in the comparatively weak
energies of the tiny light-bending model. . .

  With an effort he arose, walked to the
window. He looked out upon the vast spec-
tacle of the city, asparkle with brilliant
night lights, throbbing with a fulsome life;
his eyes were for only one thing: the huge,
overshadowing blotch against the darkness
that was the Peace Tower. . . . He sighed.
Soon, very soon, all his doubts would be
answered. ... He could only hope.

The Peace Tower Goes!

SUSPENDED between the earth and sky
by a slender pencil of force, Wentworth
hung motionless; and strained his eyes eag-
erly through the eye-pieces of his air-hel-
met. His gaze clung fascinatedly to the
vast city that spread out far below him.

  New York in 2030! Vast spires of shim-
mering chromium, whitely brilliant in the
hard-bright sun. . . . Wideflung, feathery
street bridges of silvery metal. . . . The
floating beryllium islands with their great
traffic beacons. . . . The teeming airways,
packed now with homeward, winging mil-
lions. . . .

  And, most wonderful of all, the power
beams—thin streamers of etheric force,
pouring out, from the laboring solar genera-
tors far beneath the city, waves of a myster-
ious negative gravity that held up all who
flew the skies, they were the most marvelous
achievement of twenty-first century civili-
zation. . . .

  Wentworth, if he thought of these things
at all, did so with pride of possession.
For New Vork City-State, in 2030, had ac-
knowledged Alvin Wentworth, Chairman of
its Executive Council, as its leader.

  And in the elections of that Fall, it had
been Wentworth who had stood highest in
the Fitness and Intelligence tests of his fac-
tion, and who had won the biennial contests
for the Council by a wide margin. . . .

  He gave no thought to such matters now.

Body tensed in his flexible metal air-suit,
he had eyes for but one point in all the
vast panorama below.

  That was a spot near the center of the
city. There, raising its crimsoned sides
three thousand feet toward the sky, was the
Peace Tower of 1990.

  It was acknowledged the summit of archi-
tectural achievement. To its construction
had been brought the best efforts of the
world’s greatest artisans. It had been born
of an inspired time—the years immediately
following the holocaust of the Third World
War of 1990, when a planet gone mad in
a frenzy of rejoicing from the horrors of
scientific warfare, had poured its all into a
stupendous memorial of thanksgiving.

  Within its hollow core were placed the
plans for all the engines of war then known
to man; and the entrance sealed with the
most indestructible shield of force and metal
that ingenuity could devise.

  A chamber of equal size, decorated lav-
ishly with pictorial representations of the
horrors of war and the benefits of peace,
was thrown open to the public for a period
of ten years. Upon the expiration of that
decade, this also was closed by an immense
portal of chrome-steel, and the means of en-
trance given into the hands of New York’s
governing body. •

  After the completion of the tremendous
structure (which required nearly five years)
three decades of peace had followed. De-
prived even of the wherewithal to carry on
warfare, and engrossed in an unprecedent-
ed revival of science and the arts, man be--
gan to forget the desire for conflict which
had absorbed his energies for many thou-
sand years.

  During this golden period, government
became a matter of intelligence and capa-
bility, rather than of political cunning;
poverty, disease, and insanity were almost
completely eradicated; art, literature,
science, the chief interests of all. . . . Man
was coming into his own.

  Wentworth, a half mile above New York,
suddenly felt a quiver of emotion stirring
every muscle of his body.

  Something was happening to the Peace
Tower!
40

WONDER STORIES

  Around its shining, brilliant spire a pall
of darkness was swiftly gathering, spread-
ing downward, devouring remorselessly the
apparently invincible solidity of the mon-
strous edifice. . . .

  And suddenly, where a moment before
had been a gigantic, sky-reaching structure,
was now but a half-defined, swiftly-vanish-
ing shadow. . . .

  Wentworth waited no longer. Springing
into swift flight, he winged his way above
the city toward his own apartments. But
as he went, he looked down upon the mill-
ing, awe-struck myriads below with a pre-
occupied gaze that partook of something of
their own awe. Even now, he had difficul-
ty in believing that the wonder he had seen
did not contain elements of the supernatur-
al. . . .

  But in seven days all the world should
know the truth; and believe, with such evi-
dence before it. . . . He must have patience.

      ITH the beginning of the Week of
the Darkening, Alvin Wentworth en-
tered upon the most terrible period of his
existence.

  For it was at this time that he began to
have visions.

  They came to him at night, after he had
retired. At first they were vague, shape-
less, of brief duration. . . .

  Those he was able to banish. But with
the coming of the third night, they were
fctronger, plainer, and—longer. They stayed
with him. . . .

  He had dozed off in the drowsy, warm
darkness of his room; and suddenly start-
ed awake with sweat beads on his clammy
forehead. The long shadows in the dark
corners of the room had become cold, men-
acing, sentient. '

  They would creep up to his bed from
those dark corners, and lay soft, repulsive,
dark fingers on his skin. . . . And they
would whisper. . . .

  That was what bothered him most: the
whispers. . . . They were something you
couldn’t fight. . . . And you had to stay
awake or the fingers would come sliding
around your throat. . . .

  On the fourth night he sensed a change.

The Shadows were gloating, triumphant
over some evil of which he was ignorant;
he knew it had to be evil, though. . . . The
Shadows were all evil. . . .

  That is, except two. These were never
strong, but always he knew they were there,
helping him, fighting with him, trying to
tell him something. . . .

   He could never quite get it. They would
whisper, and he would lean forward, strain
his ears for the soft, hissing sound. . . .

   And always the Evil Shadows would rush
forward, drown it out with evil whispers,
push the Two back into the dark corners. . .

   And after a long time (on the sixth night)
he could see another Shadow, other than
those with which he was familiar. This
was vast, unmoving—the huge shadow of a
Machine. . . .

  When he saw that, the Two grew more
desperate than ever. They would rush tow-
ard him with a terrible force, almost break
through the crowding Evils—and toward
morning they managed to reach him for a
single instant. . . .

  The whisper came to him: “Tomorrow!”
And in the middle of it, he felt light on his
face, and knew that the Shadows were gone
.... It was day.

#	* *

  On the morning of the Seventh Day,
Wentworth sat alone in his private cham-
bers. He had given orders that he was not
to be disturbed.

   He was trembling. At intervals he rose
nervously, went to the landing stage outside
his window, gazed out upon the vast open
space in the heart of the city that marked
the location of the vanished Peace Tower.

   He stood on the balcony. He glanced at
his watch.

   “Almost time! ”

'• In five minutes it would be noon; and
Hend and Rail would reverse the switches
that held the great tower invisible. . . .

   He tried to shake off the growing fear
that obsessed him. ... He gripped the
railing of the balcony. It would not be
long, not long! ....

•	And suddenly, he was gripped by a cold
Terror. ... A vague shadow had come
suddenly into the sunlight, was growing,
THE LIGHT BENDER

41

thickening before his dazed eyes into—dark-
ness. . , .

  The air was a shimmering blackness be-
fore him, the white stone of the balcony had
turned suddenly to jet black. . . .

  The whole city was plunged abruptly into
a strained, menacing shadow. . . .

  He was stunned, paralysed. But only for
an instant. ... With a grim effort, he
roused himself from his lethargy. . . .

  He hurled himself across the room, re-
gardless of the confusing darkness. He
went rapidly down the hall to his Communi-
cation Room. . . .

A Message From Beyond

A LITTLE sob of relief came from his
throat. The television was unharmed.
The three-foot screen that reared itself from
a clustered mass of apparatus gave forth
the quiet hum that indicated all was well.
It glowed dimly in the darkness about it . .

  His fumbling fingers found the direct-
ional dial. He spun it feverishly. . . .
The hum became a whine, a shrill scream;
the glow illumined the whole room. . . .

  And suddenly Wentworth gasped. Fas-
cinated, he stared at the Thing fast becom-
ing visible on the screen. . . .

  Instinctively, he knew it was not of human
construction. And yet there was something
about it familiar, a characteristic possessed
by something he had seen before. . . .

  It was monstrous, vague, menacing—
blacker than the darkness that surrounded
it. . . . It was possessed of a slimy repul-
siveness that nauseated. ... Yet there was
about it, for him, an indescribable fascina-
tion. . . .

  With a cold finality, he knew. ... He
had seen its shadow. . . .

  Wentworth was suddenly conscious of
pain. . . . His whole body was wracked
with an excruciating torture, as though each
atom that composed it contended against it-
self. . . .

  The walls of the room were wavering
strangely. . . . The television screen was
going black. . . .

He was conscious of crawling painfully

toward the balcony. . . . His bursting lungs
cried out for air.

  His last impression of a sudden, cataclys-
mic wrench that shook the universe, he
passed into oblivion. . . .

  Wentworth raised his head, groaned. He
gazed about him in a dazed manner.

  It was dusk. The fading sun sent long
shadows over the little balcony on which he
lay. The cool quiet of approaching eve-
ning enveloped him.

  The world seemed bathed in healing si-
lence. And so, content, he lay unmoving
for a time, gazing up with vagrant fancies
at the twining colors of the heavens.

  Memory returned to him like a blow. He
sat up at once, pain forgotten in his emo-
tion: He crawled laboriously to the edge
of the little platform, looked out over the
city. . . . How long had he lain thus?
What events might have passed over his un-
conscious head! ....

  He passed a hand unbelievingly before
his eyes. New York had subtly changed!
The human city that he had known seemed
gone; beneath him stretched a succession
of grotesque, distorted towers, holding with-
in them an odd suggestion of darkness, fan-
tasy. . . .

  But suddenly far below him something
stirred. A single, tiny speck in human
form winged its way uncertainly between
the fantastic spires. . . . And presently,
there were others, growing with increasing
spee4 into a vast swarm. . . .

  New York was awakening! But curious-
ly, the knowledge left him with little inter-
est. ... He was suddenly discerning a fam-
iliar aspect about the nearer towers. . . .
Then he knew!

  They were still the old, well-remembered
towers that he had known before—before
the Visit. . . . And remembering a certain
paperweight upon his desk, the cause of
their distortion was plain. . . .

  The Monster had failed. But it had left
its mark upon the city. . . . With a sud-
den shudder, he realized how close his my-
riads had been to the Brink. . . .

  The thought that followed close upon
realization left him white and shaking. The
Invaders would return! ....
42

WONDER STORIES

 He pulled himself erect. He forced him-
 self to walk, and found that he had no brok- _
 en bones.

 Then he saw the cylinder. It lay, a bat-
 tered little tube of twisted metal, close to
 the edge of the balcony.

 A sudden suspicion cut his heart. There
 were only two men in existence who would
 attempt to communicate with him in that
 manner. . . .

 He stooped, picked it up. Holding it in
 shaking hands, he made his way inside, sat
 down at his desk.

 He pulled his radiophone to him. Unex-
 pectedly, it was still in working order.

 “Give me Washington.”

 ALONG silence, broken by a crackling
 discordance of protest from the phone
 . . . . Then:

 “Washington speaking.”

 And swiftly, at the sound of his voice:
 “Chairman! Thank God! We thought
 you were dead. The entrance to your build-
 ing has been blocked with debris for three
 days. The President—”

 Wentworth cut in shortly:

 “What’s happened since It hit here?”
 Hesitation. At last:

 “We don’t know. Boston’s been dark
 two days, and Buffalo—”

 “Bad?”

 “Yes. ... It hasn’t been seen since, so
 we have hopes. . . . There was a rather bad
 storm last night. ...”

 The voice was unconvincing. Wentworth
 said:

 “Call me if you get anything new. I’ll
 be here!”

“But—”

 He cut the connection. He put his head
 in his hands for a long time.

 And at' last, a set look of determination
 on his face, he placed the battered little cy-
 linder into the translator.

 There was a crackling discordance. And
 finally, strained, unnatural, came the voice
 of a man. ... A familiar voice. . . .
 Rail’s! ....

 “To whosoever shall find this: immediate-
 ly on discovery carry to the offices of Al-
 vin Wentworth, Chairman of New York

City-State; the remainder of this message is
translatable only by the means which he
alone possesses. ...”

  There was a whirring click. Then:

  “Chairman Wentwordi, I have not much
time in which to say all that I wish, for at
any moment we may be detected in the act
of recording this, by Those who are our
Captors. ... So I will be brief. . . .

  “In the first place I, John Rail, wish to
state that upon me alone rests the blame for
the fate which we know will soon be upon
the world. It was I who, heedless of the
warnings of one infinitely wiser than my-
self, insisted on continuing our ill-fated ex-
periments with a power inconceivably too
great for the tamperings of man.

  “The result we know only too well: for
us, imprisonment, and later, an unimagin-
able death; for the world—destruction. . .

  “My friend, Arnold Hend, was, unhap-
pily, justified in his fear that the gigantic
Light-Bender which we constructed in the
interior of the Peace Tower would warp
the matter that came into its scope as well
as the light. ...

  “When we rendered the Tower invisible,
we unknowingly translated it into another
dimensional plane. ... It was not long be-
fore we—we came in contact with the Inhabi-
tants of that plane. Within twenty-four
hours we were in their hands. . . .

  “There is no word in our language to
describe Those who are our Captors, noth-
ing in our experience with which to compare
Them. . . . They are simply—Monsters. .

  “But their intelligence is gigantic. They
had no difficulty in grasping the principle
of the Light-Bender, or in accepting the fact
of the existence of another World-Plane
.... And they have determined, by the
use of our Light-Bender, to invade our
world. . . .

  “They build with inconceivable rapidity.
For days they have been engrossed with the
building of the Machine by which they
hope to translate New York, and later, oth-
ers of our cities, into their own plane, where
they will have them at their mercy. . . .
And they are ignorant of the meaning of
Mercy. ...

  “Their Machine is nearly finished, des-
THE LIGHT BENDER

43

pite the immensity of its size and the com-
plexity of its equipment. And, apparently
with a species of sadistic humor, they plan
to—to drag New York under on the very
same day that we had planned to again
make visible the Tower. . . .

  “For several nights we have attempted to
communicate with you, Councillor; at first
wt thought that perhaps some Engine of
Man could avail against These. . . . And
wt. have nearly been successful, for in some
places the Wall between the Worlds has
been worn very thin by Their constant ex-
periments with the Bender. . . .

  “But we have failed. To you, what con-
ceivable meaning could the strange antics
of Shadows hold?. . . . None. And we
have given up all thought that anything
little Man could do would have any effect
upon the balance. . . . There remains to
us one, only one slight hope. That hope
lies in the incalculable power of the Light-
Bender.

  “It is our belief that if, on any occasion,
the full force of the Bender is used by the
Monsters in maintaining their position in
our dimension, or if the power is held on
for any appreciable length of time, not only
will the atoms of their Machine be warped,
but they will be completely disrupted jrom
their orbits! ....

  “In such a case, we realize that both of us
are doomed to an inconceivable death; but
even that will scarce make reparation for
the unspeakable horror which we have
loosed upon the world. ...”

  The message came to an abrupt end. Evi-
dently it had been interrupted. . . .

  Wentworth sat motionless for a long time.
A silence settled over the room. . . .

  It was dark when he took the battered
little cylinder into his hand and went with
it to the small round door of a wall safe.

  lie opened the door. With a careful mo-
tion, he slid the cylinder gently into the
wall.

  Then he took up the radiophone.

  “Washington. . . . Any news?”

  The answer came faintly back over the
ether:

  “None.”

  He prepared himself for a long period of
waiting. He took the little ’phone into his
bedroom, and set it on a small table beside
his bed. He arranged the automatic alarm;
and at last, with a weariness born of men-
tal and physical exhaustion, he threw him-
self upon the bed. . . .

  He waited many days—in vain. And af-
ter a time, the rescuers broke, through
crumpled metal that had yielded to the Ben-
der, and he went back once more to the
world of men. . . .

  He was destined to wait a long time.

*	* *

  For the days and the months swung past
and grew into years, and still there was no
news; that is, if one except the whispered
story of a German tramp steamer in Mid-
Atlantic that had come upon, at dawn of
the day following the last visit, a vast sec-
tion of boiling sea, in which seemed sinking
a gigantic dark mass. . . .

  The short memory of the world forgot
quickly the menace of Darkness that had
so nearly obliterated it; and the affairs of
men went on in their accustomed way. . . .

  But at times the Chairman of the Council
of New York City-State will lock himself
up in a little room high in an ancient build-
ing, and run his fingers once more over the
two cylinders, and gaze with a vague fear
at the paperweight, and the drum, which he
does not touch.

  And there are some who wonder and are
curious as to the reason that the Councillor
ordered the building of two mighty sta-
tues in bronze, and the placing of them in
a great way of the Lower Canyons. . . .

  But the world is busy, and has many more
important things to think of than two dust-
covered statutes, and the foolish fancies of
an old man.

THE END
The Eye of Two Worlds

By Arthur G♦ Stangland

It turned like the mighty all-seeing orb of a colossus
and focussed itself on the rising planet.
THE EYES OF TWO WORLDS

45

( i ALLING Stone Mountain .... Call-
  v_^ ing Stone Mountain . . . . ”

  The news line speaker droned on mechan-
ically until Fran plugged in the teletype re-
ceiver. He depressed a little button marked
“start”.

  “Well, Acre, it’s going to be too late to
call Mars pretty soon. Anything coming
in here will have to
be boosted over to
Honolulu.” He yawn-
ed widely, stretching
his slender but lithe
arras high. He scratch-
ed the back of his head
absently.

  “Yeah,” the other
said, and yawned be-
cause he couldn’t help
himself. He glanced
at the big electric
clock on the wall.

“Two o’clock. Just
about time for Venus
to be peeking over the
hills. Think I’ll make
this the last item. It’s
almost press time for
them in Vel Deur, any-
way.”

  The big heliograph
chattered high above
the building on its
steel tripod, blinking
its intense violet eye at
the dimming red pin
point of Mars. Above
everything else around
it, the small stone
building squatted firm-
ly to the top of Stone
Mountain, a very im-
portant nerve center
for interplanetary communication. Here
was received the news from all over the
Earth to be flashed to Venus and Mars
when they were in favorable position.

  Acre sat in his chair before the big key-
board of the helio, his nimble fingers fly-
ing over the keys, and his eyes roving over
the news item before him.

  “Well there ‘30’ for the boys at Vel Deur.

 Guess we’d better let ’er cool off for awhile
 before wg call Kraupuk, Venus, eh?” he
 said, leaning back with his hands clasped
 behind his head.

 “Yeah, better do that and keep that water
 cooler running in the meantime. Got a lot
 of messages piled up here for Kraupuk,”
 Fran advised. He went to the big control
 panel, and shut off
 the intense, blinding
 arc of the helio.

                   Fran Hammond was
                 a young University
                 student on vacation
                 and, though his father
                 was president of Ham-
                 mond Interplanetary
                 Communications, Ltd.,
                 he had worked his way
                 through school during
                 vacations by operating
                 in the helio stations of
                 the company. He was
                 a healthy, glowing
                 type of youth, and
                 loved the glamor and
                 excitement of inter-
                 planetary communica-
                 tion. His sole com-
                 panion, Acre, was an
                 older man, chief of the
                 station and destined
                 for something big in
                 the Hammond Com-
                 pany.

                          “Better tell Frisco to
                        shoot everything for
                        Mars over to Honolu-
                        lu, Fran. The planet’s
                        getting too low. Don’t
                        take anything—check
                        ’em back.”

                      Fran sat down at a
 small microphone, and pressed a button. In
 a moment there was an answering buzz.

   “Hello, Fritz? Better switch over to Hon-
 olulu now. We’re through with Vel Deur.
 I’ve got a few items from there I’ll send in
 to you on No. 2H.”

   “Oke, Fran,” came Fritz’s voice through
 the resonant speaker.

Fran stepped over to a spindle and took

f JJNCONSCIOUSLY be-\
 U fore our very eyes, a
 revolution in business has
 been going on by the in-
 vention of new communica-
 tion devices. Not only is it
 possible to send photo-
 graphs by telegraph and
 radio; but also a man*s
 signature, or a legal docu-
 ment. All that is needed
 to complete this picture is
 the perfection of television.
 By that means four men in
 four different parts of the
 country can sit at their own
 desks and draw up a con-
 tract; or a teacher can hold
 a class for students in all
 parts of the country; or
 • treaties between nations can
 be drawn up without any
 envoy being obliged to
 leave his country.

    These wonders are well
  on the way to perfection,
  and there is no doubt but
  that they will change our
  whole lives radically. They
  will introduce new com-
  plexities into our exist-
  ence, new conflict, and new
  thrills. Some of these con-
  flicts Mr. Stangland gives
  us in his fast moving story
  \of deviltry and intrigue. p
46

WONDER STORIES

down a reel of perforated tape. He placed
it in a multiplex transmitter, and immedi-
ately there began a high speed clicking sound
from the machine. In the room was a num-
ber of complex machines, several receivers
that looked like overgrown typewriters and
several high speed transmitters for relay-
ing messages from the helio stations on
Venus and Mars.

  These messages were received by the elec-
tric eye of a highpower telescope and trans-
formed into electric impulses for the multi-
plex receiver. In an adjoining room were
humming motors and big fat transformers
that sang a deep song of tireless work all
day and night. A straight and trim brown-
skinned figure, Fran
stood before the high-
panelled window looking
east, enjoying the sharp,
clear outlines of the
mountains in the early
morning.

  It was several hours
before sunrise. In the
crystal sparkling atmos-
phere of the high altitude
the stars scintillated like
a myriad of tiny polished
jewels; some were red
and white, and others ap-
peared to be revolving
slowly, flashing purple,
red and greenish-violet
from a thousand facets.

Outside a crisp breeze
swept up from the valley below, and whis-
tled about the corners of the lone, squat
building. Over the rim of the world a
brilliant, sparkling planet rose impercepti-
bly, ascending into the blue-black sky. Fran
felt a thrill in his heart every time he wit-
nessed the glory of the rising of Venus.

  “Well, there she is!” he announced, turn-
ing to Acre.

  The latter stood behind Fran and looked
at the silvery gleaming eye.

  “Certainly a pretty sight, eh?” he com-
mented. He walked over to an instrument
that looked like a sextant. “Guess I’ll take
a shot at her and get ready for work. Sig-

nals will be kind of distorted until she get*
a bit higher.”

•	He noted the angle, and stepped over to
a hemisphere. Throwing on the power to
a motor that moved the big fiery eye of the
helio, he traced a course in the sky for the
day, and set it for slow motion, locking the
instrument in place. Outside, the huge
helio slowly turned like a mighty all-seeing
orb of a colossus, and focussed itself on the
rising planet. And then of a sudden bil-
lions of candlepower flashed out across mil-
lions of miles of empty space.

  “Hope we can get them right away, be-
cause we’ll only have a few hours to oper-
ate before the sun gets too bright,” he told
Fran, seating himself be-
fore the keyboard of the
transmitting helio, and
making a few tentative
pecks at the keys for ad-
justment.

  “Stone Mountain call-
ing Kraupuk,” he typed
off as a preliminary to
two-way communication
with Venus. The immense,
brilliant pupilled eye
hundreds of feet above
Acre blinked rapidly.

THE chattering and
clicking ceased, as
the two operators waited
tensely in the contrasting
silence for an answer.
Minutes passed ....

  Click-click, click-click ....

  At Acre’s right hand the receiving tele-
type machine started to form intelligible
words on a tape.

  “Kraupuk answering ,.v..v..v..v..
have lots of messages for you. Unable to
get Catskill station. Cloudy. Ready for
double communication?”

  Acre inserted the perforator in the re-
ceiver and sealed its case.

  “All right, Fran, let me have those items
on your hook. Here goes.”

  “All clear. Start firing!” Acre typed.

  As soon as the light impulses, travelling

ARTHUR G. STANGLAND
THE EYES OF TWO WORLDS

47

at 186,000 miles per second, had reached
the distant planet, the room was filled with
a multitude of high frequency sounds of
speeding messages coming and going over
the nerve centers of two planets.

  Fran was busy with the Frisco and New
York lines of the News Co., receiving mes-
sages and turning them over to Acre, and
in turn taking his messages to transmit to
the head offices. There was news from every
corner of the Earth: political developments
of the past day, reports, disasters and . . . .

   “FLASH.

      Millions in interplanetary credit
    units were stolen today from the Bank
    of Italy, member of the Interplane-
    tary Banking Association. Numbers
    of the credit letters were evidently
    obtained from someone in the bank,
    and were withdrawn by persons un-
    known. The case resembles the one
    at Kraupuk a year ago which has not
    yet been solved, and it is hinted that
    an interplanetary league of criminals
    is back of the theft. All Interplane-
    tary Association banks have been

  •	warned.*'

  “Well, will you look at this, Acre!” Fran
exclaimed, showing the flash to the oper-
ator.

  The flying fingers of Acre stopped, as he
paused to read the dispatch.

  “Oh, my aunt, I wonder if they got my
million!” he cried in a high falsetto, feign-
ing alarm.

  “They’d wait a long time for you to make
your first million so they could steal it,”
Fran grinned. Then he sobered. “That’s a
funny thing, Acre, isn’t it? Remember that
theft in Kraupuk mentioned here? They
did the same thing up there, didn’t they?
Took a cool million in credit units without
anyone knowing it. Wonder how they got
those numbers? And then, too, before the
million could be drawn out, finger prints
had to be taken. I don’t Understand it.”

  “Yeah, ’tis kind of funny, at that. Think
I’ll send this flash right away. It ought to
take precedence over the rest of this stuff,”
Acre commented, turning to his keys. His
fingers itched to get going again. He start-
ed the message.

 Bang.....crash! .... crash! ....

  There was a sudden report followed by
the loud crash of collapsing glass, and still

later the crackling reports of splintering
glass on the roof of the building. The glar-
ing eye of the helio went out with a blind-
ing, terrific flash and a crackling explo-
sion.

  Acre jumped to his feet, overturning his
chair, and sprang for the control board.
There was a bright flash and a report as
several circuit breakers opened on the black
panel.

  “There they go!” Fran cried, pointing out
the window down the mountain side.

  Racing madly down the broad, mountain
road a long, low slung car sped in a black
streak, her powerful lights flooding the
highway like day.

  “What in the world—?” Acre began, to-
tally surprised.

  “You stay here, and get Sacramento with
the televisor and warn everyone around this
country. I’m going to follow ’em!”

  Fran grabbed a small highpowered elec-
tric flash gun, and made hurriedly for the
station garage. Here was kept a beautiful,
sleek looking Lynx for use of the station,
one of the fastest Diesel cars made and
capable of a top speed of 300 miles per hour
on the table smooth 200-foot concrete high-
ways. The machine was made to pierce the
air like a falling drop of water, broad and
massive in front and tapering down to a
small rear.

  Wind slid off its rounded, glossy body
like water on an oily billiard ball. The
faster the car went the safer it was, for air
has properties of a solid at high speeds,
striking its sloping nose with terrific force,
and therefore creating a vector pointed
downward, forcing the car to cling to the
road.

The Mad Pursuit

OPENING the tiny door, Fran jumped
into the heavy cushioned seat and
pulled the transparent top cowling piece
shut with a slam, making almost an air-
tight compartment. He pressed a small but-
ton on the broad dashboard, and immedi-
ately the car started forward under the silent
power of a giant battery. Upon reaching
twenty miles an hour the electric motor cut
48

WONDER STORIES

out, and fifty droning cylinders, champing at
the bit, let out a gargantuan roar as they
took up the momentum, and sent five hun-
dred horsepower to the four massive wheels.

   The great three-ton car leapt ahead eighty
miles an hour down the winding, high bank-
ed road. Fran stared ahead into the dark,
smiling grimly, thrilling to the light touch
of his foot that controlled so much power.
There was a sense of safety in the muffled,
deep throated roar that streamed back from
under the long hood. He peered into the
night ahead through the slanted windshield
that clove the air like an aerial torpedo. No
sign of them yet. He dared not increase the
speed, for the centrifugal thrust indicator
already showed five miles in excess of
safety around the mountain curves. A big
neon sign with three numbers on it came into
view, as he thundered around a curve.
“Speed limit 100.”

  “Getting down into the valley,” he mum-
bled to himself, and shoved the speedometer
to “100”. But he was straining at the
tether. 100 was too slow; he could slow up
for the next curve with his big air brakes.
The indicator made a rapid ascent to 150.
Those signs, anyway, were for ordinary care-
ful drivers who didn’t drive a Lynx. The
four fan-shaped exhausts protruding from
the tail of the car let out a high pitched
whistle, as the huge car fled down the
straightaway with her giant engine emitting
a continuous, deep bay like a bloodhound
close on the heels of his quarry.

  Down the raceway a mile, Fran saw the
red numbers standing out against a dark
background: “75”.

  “Seventy-five be hanged!” he said half
aloud to himself in the luxurious, soft
gloom of his compartment, “I can take it
at eighty-five.”

  He looked out at the countryside stream-
ing by the car in different variegated streaks
of color. Overhead, through the glass cov-
ering, he could see the twinkling stars and
lower down was the brilliant white star of
Venus. What did the station at Kraupuk
think? Stone Mountain suddenly blind.
Hm.

  The neon sign left a red-streaked impres-
sion in his eye, as he flashed by it. He still

  had a mile and half to the curve. He
throttled down to ninety and took a grip on
the wide, thin rimmed wheel as the curve
raced toward him. Eighty-five miles an
hour. He entered on the left hand side,
taking a terrible chance. The centrifugal
needle immediately jumped to ten miles,
and a little red light flashed above it. Max-
imum speed before turning over.

  The broad, heavy duty tread of the thick
tires sent up a deep singing cry of warning.
In spite of his death grip on the steering
wheel Fran could not hold the heavy car
low on the curve, and with a panicky thump-
ing of his heart he watched it creep up to
the top closer and closer, and as it came out
on to a long straightaway again, the hub
of the right rear wheel carried away a thirty-
foot section of safety wire netting with an
ear splitting screech. But he had made it,
yet nevertheless at a price. His legs seemed
to sag even while at rest, and he brushed
away a bead of moisture on his brow.

   However, he must be getting along, he told
himself. Hadn’t seen hair nor hide of the
others. On the long ten-mile stretch the
speedometer almost revealed 200. And then
as he rounded a wide, long curve, he started
at the sight of two tiny twinkling lights
miles away. One was red and the other
green. Suddenly they both flashed a bright
red, and then disappeared.

  “Went into a curve,” Fran thought.

  A sign flashed by in a red streak, “250”.

  “Well, that means three hundred for me.
The sign shows the limit for most cars, but
it’s not mine!” and his foot touched the
floor.

  280 ... .290 .... 300.... 305 miles per
hour!

   An excited grin spread over his face. This
was the fastest he’d ever gone in a surface
car. Things just streamed by in a hazy
kaleidoscope.

  But he was more careful in rounding
curves after his sickening experience. He
took the next one at a safe speed. The mas-
sive, low car swept around the wide curve
with a slight whining of tires at 80 miles.
The brilliant flood lights of the car turned
with the front wheels, and before he was
around the curve Fran jammed at the big
THE EYES OF TWO WORLDS

49

  double air brake pedal with a cry of despair.
Spread across the road was a number of
fence posts taken from a pile at the side.

THE brakes took hold with a big sigh,
and the car careened to the side. Would
he stop in time or run over the posts, in-
evitably damaging the car beyond repair,
and perhaps injuring himself fatally?

  It was with positive relief that Fran pull-
ed the emergency brake though he nearly
went through the glass, and stopped the
skidding car several feet from the danger-
ous wood posts. He climbed from the cock-
pit a bit shaky, cursing the man or men
ahead. With rapid work he cleared the road,
and made for his seat again. He smiled
grimly at two streaks of black behind his
car on the white pavement.

  With a heavy roar the weighty car leapt
ahead down the highway guided by a very
determined hand at the wheel. Several miles
on Fran made out the two lights again, and
in. the thirty-mile stretch across a small
desert he ate up the intervening distance to
the car ahead. A half mile away the other
car suddenly took a little used road leading
back up into a lonely stretch of mountain
country.

  A chance glance at his oil reserve drew
an oath from Fran. It was almost empty.
For several fuming minutes he waited at the
cross roads oil station to take on 75 gallons
of fuel. Helplessly he watched the other
car rumbling up the road while he lost pre-
cious moments of hot pursuit.

  “All right, charge that to Hammond Com-
munications!” he tossed to the attendant,
and in a burst of roaring exhausts rolled out
of the station swiftly.

  The road led ever upward in a desolate,
thinly inhabited country. . Across raging,
white foamed torrents, and up steep, rocky
grades the powerful Lynx sped in relent-
less chase. By now the sun had hoisted it-
self into the sky enough to suffuse the
mountainous region in a wonderous golden
glow. It bathed the upper crags warmly,
and skipped over the ravines, still wet and
dripping with the heavy dew of night. Up-
on everything was a freshness as if Dame

Nature had just bathed the new born babe
of day.

  Fran was gaining slowly, risking curves
and taking hair breadth chances to make up
the distance to the elusive car ahead.

  “Who in the devil are they, and where are
they going?” he puzzled to himself. What
reason did they have for demolishing the
helio? It was the first time he ever heard
of anyone destroying such an instrument.

  Coming to a sharp curve on a steep grade,
he gave her the gun to maintain momentum.
The droning motor answered with a blast
of power, and swept around the curve like
a swooping hawk. There in a cut between
two solid rock walls was a huge massive
boulder, lying as if having just fallen down
onto the road from the cliff above. Too
late. The heavy car bore down helplessly
upon the immovable rock. The broad wheels
dug into the road desperately trying to grip
the loose macadam like a bear sliding down
a gravelled slope. In the flash of a split
second it was over, and the fleet, shiny road
monster lay a crumpled twisted mass of
steel and broken glass. Immediately, three
men came around the sharp curve behind
the boulder, and ran for the smoking car.

Imprisoned!

U 4 W, he’ll be all right.”

       Fran opened his eyes to stare at a
rough log ceiling. For a moment his mind
seemed to be a blank. Then he recalled the
crash with a shudder, and stirred to look
for the source of the voice. A sudden shoot-
ing pain went through his back. He winced.

  “That’s all right, fella. You’ll be oke in
a little while,” a blue eyed man said, bend-
ing over him. Fran noted they were a
steely blue that very likely could be frosty
on occasion.

  “Where am I?” he asked blankly.

  “In a mountain cabin,” the other answered
cryptically, “Now don’t get too curious.
Just shut up.”

  “Nice chap,” Fran mumbled to himself,
as the man went out.

  For awhile he lay still, examining the
room from his cot. It was a rustic hunt-
ing lodge belonging to some wealthy man,
50

WONDER STORIES

he concluded, and evidently he was on the
second floor, because he could hear voices
droning down below. How his head ached!
It felt as if it had been strapped tight to
a plank for days on end. After an hour he
heard two men coming up steps somewhere.

  One was the man of the blue eyes and the
other was an angular man with long hands
and fingers and a beaked nose.

  “What’s your name?” the second man
asked point-blank.

  “Fran Hammond. What’s yours, and
what am I doing here?” the operator re-
plied, thinking of all kinds of questions he
wanted to ask.

  “Hammond? Hammond of the Inter-
planetary Communications, Ltd.?” the other
queried with increasing interest.

  “Well, my dad’s president of the com-
pany, if that’s what you mean. But I want
to know where I am.” Fran began to have
a sneaking suspicion at the appearance of a
sneer on the man’s face.

  “So!” the man said slowly, a slight note
of sarcasm in his voice. A crafty gleam
came into his eyes, and he turned to the
other man with him, “Rolvaag, you heard
what he said?”

  “Yes. A Hammond,” the man addressed
as Rolvaag answered.

  “Well, what of it!” Fran exclaimed.

  “We didn’t realize we were racing with
such distinguished company,” the angular
man said mockingly. “Permit me to intro-
duce myself. You have the pleasure of be-
ing the guest of Nicolle Lorentz, soldier of
fortune.”

  “Lorentz, the Racing Fool!” Fran cried.

  “Not so much of a fool, however,” the
other returned.

  “And you’re the one then that destroyed
the helio,” the prostrate man exclaimed
aloud.	/

  “We conveniently put it out of working
order,” Lorentz smiled, liking the euphem-
ism better.

  “Don’t you realize you are liable to exile
on Phobos for life for tampering with inter-
planetary communication, man? You’ll be
hunted for life for this!” Fran cried. “And
in the first place, what’s behind all this?”

  “Ah, you are very direct, my dear fellow,

aren’t you? I see no harm in telling you
since you have in a way earned that right to
know, having come several hundred miles
hot on our trail. You did well to tail the
Racing Fool so closely. Yet it takes a
Lynx to follow a Lynx. Well, you see, it
was to our advantage to prevent the trans-
mission of a certain message to Kraupuk for
a certain time. And if I understand the
heliograph code at all, I might say we were
just in the nick of time. Do you follow me?”
“Crude tactics you used trying to stop
me from trailing you, Lorentz,” Fran
sneered.

  “It was a rather large obstacle in the
pass, and perhaps a bit crude, I admit.
But then—here you are!” Lorentz shrugged
his angular shoulders.

  “Well, what’re you doing with me, crip-
pled, on your hands?” Fran demanded.

  “I’ll have to admit myself we didn’t
know at first. It looked as though you’d
have to be left here by yourself as there
was not room enough with you for a trip
to Venus. But your identity has changed
everything for us. We shall not go to
Venus, at least not yet.”

  “I see it all now. You’re the one re-
sponsible for the Bank of Italy robbery, and
you were making a getaway when you
thought of the helio. You fool; you won’t
get very far in this day and age,” Fran re-
turned caustically.

qTTAH, by now those credit units have
XX been negotiated into the minor ex-
changes of the Chinese provinces, and never
will be found, my simple lad,” Lorentz
boasted.

  “Nevertheless, when you leave for Venus,
I shall be at large to give you away.”

  “Oh, but my dear fellow we said we
might have to leave you here for lack of
room on board. You forget we didn’t men-
tion how we should leave you. Understand
that in these uninhabited parts of the high
altitudes many boulders come down onto
the roads, and it would be simple to leave
you in your wrecked car down there and set
the scene for an unavoidable and fatal
crash.”
THE EYES OF TWO WORLDS

51

  “You murderer!” Fran cried out rising
from his cot with difficulty.

  “Tush, tush, my headstrong youth. What
is a life after all in the career of an aggres-
sive man?” Lorentz exclaimed lightly.

  “You black hearted beggar!” Fran al-
most yelled, sitting up in excruciating pain.

  “Rolvaag, get him some quick nourish-
ment,” ordered Lorentz. And then to Fran,
“It'll take you the rest of the day to get the
use of your back, and by-tomorrow morning
we’ll be able to use you. Now don’t be a
fool, Hammond. Be a good lad, and we’ll
find other means of handling this deal.” And
Lorentz went out, locking the heavy door.

  Until Rolvaag returned, Fran pondered
in vain the use that Lorentz could have for
him. He felt uneasy at the matter-of-fact
threat he had so casually mentioned, for a
man so used to evading the law as the
Racing Fool never did things haphazardly
even though he took chances. And yet,
and yet Fran thought, there is always the
fatal slip-up that finally arises to damn the
cleverest of thieves.

  He took the food brought to him. It was
mainly liquids of the synthetic vegetable
bases, and concentrates in small cubes. Even
if he wasn’t immediately made well, his
spirits rose with a filled stomach and an in-
vigorated system due to one of the light
liquids. He was locked in the room, and
after a bit he was able to sit up and flex his
muscles, relieving himself of the constant
spinal pain.

  He looked out the window and discovered
indeed, that it was a,twro-story lodge some-
where in a lonely spot in the mountains. Be-
low, showing just the tip of its rear was
the massive Lynx of Lorentz.

  He smiled grimly at the memory of the
pursuit. And just beyond was the torpedo
outline of the space flyer that would be
leaving soon for Venus carrying the crim-
inals away to evade the Terrestrial Police.
And once on that planet they would hide
away in fastnesses of the Polarian Moun-
tains to wait for things to blow over. Then
a return to the Chinese provinces to claim
their booty.

  Unless he did something to stop them.
And yet Lorentz had said they would not be

leaving for Venus for awhile until he had
been used. Until he had been used! Ho
puzzled over that sentence. Tomorrow morn-
ing he was to be forced to be a party in
their nefarious work, a tool in their hands.

  There seemed to be a great deal of talk-
ing and working in the room below him.
A third bass voice sometimes joined in the
conversations against a background of hum-
ming motors and clicking machinery. For
awhile he listened intently trying hard to
distinguish intelligible sentences, but the
noisy machinery made it impossible. Once
his interest and curiosity were piqued to
a high pitch when the deep foggy voice
cried out sharply:

  “Don’t be so impatient, Lorentz. I’ll
have it set up by tomorrow in time!”

  Fran sat on the edge of the bed resting,
considering this remark. But it was a fruit-
less game of guessing, and he set about ex-
amining his prison. By light exercising he
had been able to work out a great deal of
the soreness in his back. He had got a
pretty badly wrenched spine in the wreck,
evidently. Tip-toeing about the floor he
was disappointed to find the room barren
of everything. It was approximately fif-
teen by twenty feet, and if it had contain-
ed anything besides the bed, it had been
moved out before he gained consciousness.

  To save his strength he decided to sleep
for several hours, impressing his subcon-
scious mind that he must awaken before
evening. By then he would have saved up
strength enough to carry out some plan of
escape.

At the Needles* Point

HOURS passed while three men in the
room below labored over a low hum-
ming machine, holding prolonged discus-
sions and heated arguments. And in the
room above, Nature mended the bruised
body of the sleeping Fran, building up the
young athletic constitution to meet anew
the battles of existence.

  There was a step at the door. Fran woke
up immediately, nerves a-tingle. It was
early evening, and the stars were already
coming out. In the gloom he saw the door
52

WONDER STORIES

opening. A cylindrical mercury-arc lamp
suspended from the ceiling snapped on.

  “Ah, been sleeping and resting like a good
little lad, eh?” Lorentz exclaimed facetious-
ly-

  “I had to, you scondrel! I can’t move,”
Fran cried out, feigning a wince as he lifted
his head.

  “What! Still on your back? Come, come,
man, you must be able to sit up by now.
Get up and move around,” the angular
Lorentz commanded with a puzzled frown
on his brown. And he grabbed Fran’s arm
to help him up.

  The injured man cried out in pain and
showed all the facial expressions of excru-
ciating agony. After a moment Lorentz
stopped, half unbelieving the condition of
the recumbent Fran.

  “Rolvaag, he called at the door, “bring
the vibrator and sun lamp here!”

  And for several minutes the secretly
amused Fran was given electric treatments
to banish the pains in his muscled back. As
Lorentz went out, he turned to Fran, a men-
acing look in his face.

  “Whether you can walk or not, Hammond,
tomorrow morning you are going to assist
us a bit downstairs. So make up your mind
to be able to get around!”

  He locked the door and went downstairs.
Fran waited in fear that the men below
would never stop to get sleep and rest. He
sat on the bed listening intently to them
moving them about. Finally, the humming
motors died down, and the deep voice said:
“Well, Lorentz, let’s get some sleep if
we got to go back to Frisco tomorrow. I’m
all in what with driving hard this morning
and setting up this cranky thing all day.
It finally works though.”

  Rolvaag evidently had gone to bed be-
fore the others, for already Fran could hear
his snores somewhere in the house. The
lights were put out, and after an hour he
crept over the floor to the window, and
drew it up slowly. Throwing his foot over
the sill, he let himself down easily to the
lower window sill, and then dropped noise-
lessly to the ground. He crouched for a
moment holding his breath and listening.
Not a sound.

  Immediately, he started for the Lynx.

  “No. Better take the ship,” he breathed
to himself, stopping, “they’d get me from
the air, if I didn’t. And maybe that road
is still blocked. Too much of a chance.”
HaHway to the intricate space annihilator,
a wonderful achievement of mankind, Fran
felt his heart leap, as the entire court was
flooded with a blinding light and a voice
cried out: “Halt where you are!”

  His spirit sagged within him. No telling
what the madcap Lorentz would do now.
The three men came up from behind him
with wicked looking little needle-pointed
flash guns.

  “So the lad decided his back was good
enough to take him elsewhere tonight, eh?”
the sharp-featured leader snarled. “But you
didn’t fool the photocell, my smart young
man.”

  He was handcuffed to an iron ring in the
middle of a big room for the rest of the
night. In vain he attempted escape from
the cold iron clamp. And finally he de-
cided to make the best of the situation by
getting a fitful snatch of sleep.

*	* * *

  “Come on, up with you!”

  To Fran it semed he had hardly closed
his eyes. Rolvaag had unlocked his shackles
and was standing over him. It was early
morning.	.

  “Don’t try anything funny now. Up with
you and into this room.” The cold blue-
eyed blonde jerked his tired body to stand-
ing and propelled him into a room filled
with a multitude of instruments and hum-
ming motors. The third man with the bass
voice stood over a live televisor, adjusting
it for synchronism. Lorentz called him
Troen, Fran noted.

  “Well, had a refreshing night’s rest, I
hope?” the ironic Lorentz smiled.

  “No. And you know it!” Fran said sul-
lenly. “See here, Lorentz, what do you want
of me?”

CAN’T help admiring your desire to
J. know the stark truth in all matters,
Hammond,” the wily Lorentz commented.
“But we shall tell you. It is true that your
father has banking connections in Portland,
THE EYES OF TWO WORLDS

53

Oregon, at the Columbia Trust Company and
at the old Hanover Bank in New York, isn't
it?”

  “Yes, but what good does that do you?”

  “Ah, lots! You see, you are going to
call those banks on their television service
and transfer one million in credit units from
Portland and two millions from New York
to the Trust and Savings at San Francisco.”

  “But that is impossible! They would
suspect such a large movement of units to
Frisco,” cried Fran, realizing the plan of
Lorentz in full.

  “It is a well known fact that your father
transfers large amounts such as these to
other cities for the use of the Interplanetary
Communications Company. Now, when we
connect with Portland, you give the cashier
the correct numbers, because if he reports
them as wrong, you get a touch of the sear-
needle right here!” and Lorentz drew out a
little barrel-like weapon and focussed it at
Fran’s waist. Immediately there was a tiny
pencil ray shooting from it, and Fran twist-
ed in the grip of the other two men. It
felt like a white hot needle pricking his
skin. Beads of nervous perspiration stood
out on his forehead.

  “I can make it hotter if I want to. And
if 'I choose, I can reduce you to a gibbering
idiot by aiming at the base of your brain!”

  Fran looked about the room in hope of
some means of help or escape from this
madman. He was helpless.

  “All right, here’s Portland,” announced
Troen who had been tuning the instrument.

  “Don’t forget now. Make a plausible ex-
cuse, and transfer the stuff to the account
of one Emanuel Vincenes,” was Lorentz’s
final warning as Fran was made to stand
before the rapidly clearing glass screen of
the televisor.

  “Good morning,” greeted a cheerful face
on the screen. It was the television service
cashier of the bank.

  Lorentz and the others stood to one side
out of range, training the needle guns on
Fran. He felt their prickly pencil points
and knew that they could be more powerful
and terribly painful.

  “This is Fran Hammond, Mr. Bruce. I
want to transfer a million credit units for

my father to the account of Emanuel Vin-
cenes in the Trust and Savings in Frisco,”
Fran said in a slightly nervous voice.

  “Mr. Hammond, everyone has been won-
dering where you’ve disappeared to—where

           O »

are your

  “Why—ah,” the pencil rays began to
burn, “I just got back to Stone Mountain.
We’ve just placed an order for a new helio
projector and since Dad’s gone off to South
Africa it was up to me to transfer the money
for it.”

  “Weil, I know your dad has let you place
some of these orders before just for the
business experience. But a million credit
units! That’s quite a bit.”

  “I know, but I’ll take all responsibility
for this in Dad’s absence.” Fran almost
squirmed under the three hot rays.

  “Well—all right, then. You sign a finger
print identification card to take to the bank.
We’ll transfer yours for verification. Give
me the number of the account,” Bruce said
somewhat hesitantly.

  “Just a moment, ’til I fish the card out of
my pocket,” Fran said. “Here it is. 528-
29-1—oh, oh, I dropped it.” And he stoop-
ed to pick it up. The rays came dangerous-
ly close to the base of his skull. Bruce look-
ed up from the pad upon which he was copy-
ing the combination of numbers. Fran fini-
ished the number and then looked into the
screen at Bruce.

  There was a new look in the man’s face.
The lines about his mouth were tighter and
his eyes looked intently at Fran. He wrote
something on a slip and gave it to a man.

  “What happened down there, Fran, at the
station?” he asked, and for a minute the
cashier engaged Fran in conversation about
the wrecking of the helio.

  The rays grew hot. Fran was talking too
long. Finally, he broke connections with
the bank televisor.

  “You fool, you talked too long! Lor-
entz blazed in a passion at him.

  “We better let New York go, Lorentz,”
Troen admonished, “they’d be too much ex-
plaining to do.”

Very reluctantly Lorentz gave up the
slim chance of getting another two million,
(iContinued on Page 129)
The Man Who Changed
the Future

R* F* Starzl

Then Park felt the floor under him. And then a fierce and joyous
lust for battle. He was leaping across the floor. . . .

                                54
THE MAN WHO CHANGED THE FUTURE

55

LAKOROLIS is a big town—a city of
over three million people. As a mat-
ter of course it has its gangsters and super-
criminals. Most people have become used
to them, but Park Helm threw down his Tri-
bune with disgust at the monotonous head-
lines.

  “How’s it ever going to end!” he ex-
claimed. “Mobs in high-powered cars,—
not even bothering to wear masks,—carry
on their trade of mur-
der without fear of
punishment. Is there
no limit to what the
public’ll stand?”

  The speaker was a
young man, probably
not more than 23 or
24. He was tall and
lean, with the pur-
poseful look of a cru-
sader in his straight,
ihin lips, firm jaw,
and deep-set dark eyes.

His face was tanned,
except the upper part
of his forehead, and
from it the hair was
brushed back, dark
and crisp.

  Professor Nichol-
son smiled. Those
who knew his fame
were always surprised
when they first saw
Nicholson. He was
so young. And in-
stead of being austere
and spare he was fat
and jolly. He had a
magnificent bald head,
curved eye-glasses that twinkled like rock
crystal, and beautiful false teeth that denied
their own authenticity by their very perfec-
tion. And here in the opulently equipped
laboratory of the University of Lakopolis
he was far removed from the world of
gangsters. So he smiled.

  “You’re still on the Citizens’ Reform staff,
aren’t you?”

  Park Helm darted a startled look around.
  “Pipe down I Pipe down!” he admonish-

 ed. “We’ve lost four of our men in the past
 month. Just because you know I’m on the
 staff you don’t have to cry it to the world!”
 Nicholson lost his smile.

   “That so?” he said soberly. “I’ve been
 working on something new lately and
 didn’t read the papers. I though^ the gang-
 men only killed one another.”

   “They’ll kill anybody that stands in their
 way, so please don’t be too careless when
 you talk.”

                      Nicholson thought-
                    fully pulled out his
                    short calabash pipe
                    and set it going.

                   “Y’know, Park, I
                 wish you’d kept up
                 your work here. You
                 were the best man iti
                 my class. I had a fel-
                 lowship all lined up
                 for you.”

                     But the young man
                   shook h i s head.
                   “There’s bigger work
                   to do,” he said. “Our
                   very existence as a
                   self-governing people
                   is at stake. I’m in this
                   battle, and I’m going
                   to stay in it!”

                      Nicholson reminded
                    him casually:

                  “You remarked a
                while ago that you’d
                like to know how it’s
                going to end.”

 “That I certainly
 would,” Park Helm
 admitted. “It would
 give us something to
 go on.” Then his grim young face relaxed
 in a smile as he remembered.

   “If you had your time equipoise ready-*-
 the one you’ve been working on all these
 years, you could shoot me into the future,
 say about the year 2030, and I could have
 a look for myself.”

   The professor was not disturbed by this
 gentle raillery.

   “All right,” he said, “when do you want
 t> go?”

    A S we struggle with our ^
  daily problems and
  vexations, it is probable
  that we wonder many
  times whether the future
  will hold as many tribula-
  tions as the present, wheth-
  er, in fact, man is doomed
  to live out his racial exis-
  tence in unhappiness.

    Considering our present
  social life, many prophets
  profess to see in the rise of
  gangdom and racketeering
  a threat at all law and or-
  der; and that we will revert
  to feudal days when “rob-
  ber barons” held control of
  all highways and plunder-
  ed all passersby irrespec-
  tive of their station in life.

   The threat offered by
  gangdom is even more dan-
  gerous when we find it us-
  ing all modern scientific
  weapons, even before the
  forces of law and order use
  them. Mr. Starzl offers us
  an exciting prophecy of the
  future, based on excellent
  ^logic and judgment. ^
56

WONDER STORIES

  He got heavily to his feet and led the way
to another room where the apparatus, al-
ready familiar in its general appearance to
Park Helm, was set up. It consisted essen-
tially of two enormous helices crossing each
other at right angles. Inside the vertical
helix was a cage of bakelite rods large
enough to admit a full grown person.

  Heavy cables led from the helices to enor-
mous, motor-operated mercury jet switches.

  “You can hardly notice the difference,
eh?” Nicholson commented happily. “I
was right in principle all the time, but the
capacity of my condensers was too small.
I invented those.” He pointed to racks of
square glass jars covering one entire wall.
“I have here now—” he
paused impressively—“a
storage capacity of near-
ly a billion farads at
5,000 volts!”

PARK looked dazed.

“Yes sir!” Nichol-
son insisted. “See those
generators? Twenty-
f i v e kilowatts rating
apiece and they’ve been
running for weeks to
charge the condensers.

They’re pretty well up
now. The discharge, os-
cillatory in nature, will
be enormous, but because
of its brevity will not
melt the coils. You can
imagine the etheric strain where the fields
of those two coils meet. Any object in
there goes backward in time if the fields op-
pose, and ahead into the future if they co-
operate. The angle of incidence governs.
Now, I believe you said 2030.” He turned
a handwheel and the horizontal helix tipped
until it was at an angle to the floor of
about 45 degrees.

  “Guess that’ll hit it within a year or two.
I’ll leave it set that way and when I call
you back I’ll simply give you reversed pol-
arity out of the auxiliary condensers.”

  Park Helm, was somewhat uncertain.

  “Pardon me if I hesitate, professor, but
shouldn’t I take a gun with me, some money

and. ...”

  “No need for that,” Nicholson interposed
cheerily. “Your body won’t go, you know.
That isn’t quite safe, as yet. Only a sort
of astral projection of yourself. You can
see and hear, but you will be invisible and
incapable of making a sound. You’ll be
a ‘ghost’.”

  “Yeah, I guess that’s so. A ghost for
good.”

  “No danger at all,” Nicholson assured
him. “I tried it yesterday with my switch-
es set for automatic return. I hung around
Julius Caesar, and my automatic switch
snatched me back just in time to make me
miss seeing Julius get murdered.”

  Park laughed nervous-
ly as he climbed up the
side of the vertical helix
and dropped down
through an opening into
the cage. “Somehow I
can’t believe it—it seems
so fantastic!”

  Nicholson pressed the
button. The switch mot-
ors leaped into life, and
in a few seconds it was
all over. The mach-
inery automatically set
itself to neutral. The
body o f Park Helm
slumped to the floor of
the cage and Nicholson
reached through the bars
to compose the limbs in
a more restful attitude.

  “No use letting the lad get all cramped
up while he’s away,” he muttered.

*	* #

  The one instant Park Helm was looking
through the bars with a slightly nervous
smile, and the next he was standing in a
room that was strange to him. He looked
at the calendar on the wall and noted that
it was August, 2030. He glanced down at
his feet and they were not there. This gave
him somewhat of a shock, and when he tried
to feel his body, only to realize that he had
no body nor hands to feel it with, he re-
ceived yet another shock. Then came the
reassuring thought of the confident profea-

R. F. STARZL
THE MAN WHO CHANGED THE FUTURE

57

8or back in the laboratory, and his promise
to bring him back at midnight, about 14
hours hence. He looked around him.

  He saw a girl. She was gazing pensively
out of a window at the streets some thou-
sand feet or so below. There was a vista
of cloud-piercing pyramidal buildings with
innumerable levels, and ways for pedes-
trians and vehicles on every level. Spidery
thoroughfares, that wound everywhere
through thin air with seemingly no support,
carried swarms of humanity in bright col-
ors and restless activity. Overhead the sun
was often obscured by innumerable flying
machines. It was a city such as the pro-
phets of science had dreamed of—this Lako-
polis of 2030. A city of sheer hugeness, of
illimitable vistas, almost of mystic beauty.

   Park Helm never gave it a second glance.
By merely wishing, he found himself at the
girl’s side, where he could drink in her
delicate beauty. She was utterly uncon-
scious of his presence, and continued to gaze
out of the window, half wistfully—half im-
patiently.

  Her small, perfect body was draped in a
garment that was vaguely reminiscent of the
(Greek influence—a shimmering light-blue
substance that was like silk but much finer.
Her profile was cameo-like, and her skin
had the delicate golden tints of old ivory.
Her hair, drawn tightly to her head like a
helmet, and fixed low at the back of her
neck, was golden too, and so was her voice.
She turned and spoke to someone in the
next room:

  “He said he was coming right in. Do
i you suppose they got him after all, moth-
er? Her tones implied uneasiness, and per-
haps, a trace of shamed hope.

  “Give him a little more time, Myra.”
| An older woman came to the door. She
resembled her daughter in many ways, save
that she was stouter and the hair on her
finely chiseled head was white. She put a
thin, white, wrinkled hand to her forehead
and sighed:

  “It’s dreadful—dreadful— What are the
ktimes coming to?”

   The girl did not answer.

  “I remember it was like this when your

father was put on a spot. Just like this.
He was doing some experimenting with
etheric waves, and accidentally cut in on
one of Angelo’s beams—”

  “It wasn’t Angelo, mother,” the girl cor-
rected, a little wearily. “It was Spumoni.
Angelo wiped him and his gang out about
five years ago. But it was Spumoni who
put Dad on the spot.” The tragedy oft re-
peated had long ceased to arouse emotion in
the girl. She hardly remembered the big,
kindly man who had been her father. Her
father who had been so unlucky as to cross
a gangster chieftain’s path.

  “I don’t know how this’ll all end!” the
older woman continued. “It was just like
this. A man he had never seen before
called him on the televisor—told him sen-
tence had been passed. Your father went
to the police—it was right during a ‘police
drive on the hoodlums’—(they’ve dropped
that pretense anyway!) The police locked
your father in a cell where they said he’d
be safe. Yet the next morning he was
found dead with an infrared burn on his
temple.

  The girl turned and rushed to her moth-
er’s side.

  “Mother, don’t take on so!” she cried.
“You’ll have another of your spells.”

  “I will say it!” the old woman persisted
with obstinacy of spoiled old age. “Like
the angel of death—the angel of death,
Angelo reached him behind the prison
walls!”

  “Spumoni, not Angelo,” the girl correct-
ed mechanically, “and it was all done quite
naturally. The assassin had entry to the
prison.”

  A soft chime sounded, and the girl step-
ped over to it and peered into the teleplate
to see who was at the door. Immediately
she pressed the button to admit the »caller.

Bought and Paid For

PARK HELM, invisibly present in the
apartment, took an immediate and in-
stinctive dislike to James Burgess the mo-
ment that gentleman entered. He was
dressed like all the men of that age, in a
58

WONDER STORIES

blouse of light, flexible chain-mail, and
trousers of the same material, while a cap
of chain-mail, with flaps that could be
drawn down to protect most of the face,
covered his head. Park conjectured that
his clothing was to some extent at least,
both bullet and ray proof.

  Burgess threw his cap off, and Park had
a chance to observe him better. He bore
himself with a swagger, which he had some
trouble maintaining. He was about aver-
age height and slenderly built. His com-
plexion was sallow, rather dark. His hair,
black, straight and coarse, was combed back
sleekly. He was handsome, not more than
27 or 28, and obviously a man who had
dene rather well in the world. Yet tonight
he had a furtive air—something for which
a man in his position might well be par-
doned for.

  The old lady greeted him with a singular
mixture of eager welcome and reserve. One
might think that he repelled her, yet she
was obviously eager to please him and soli-
citous for his welfare.

  “James!” she gasped, “I’m so glad you’re
still alive!”

  “Still alive and kicking!” he exclaimed
heartily, looking speculatively at Myra, his
black eyes glittering and excited.

  “We’ll have to tear out right away!” he
told the girl with a forced casual manner.

  “We?” Myra’s hand flew to her heart in
an involuntary movement of protest.

  Her mother was almost joyful. “We can
be ready in half an hour,” she declared.
“You young folks can talk over your plans
while I pack.”

  Burgess stopped her with a motion.

  “Not you, mother,” he said somewhat
awkwardly. “You can join us later.”

  “You mean—you want to leave me here
at the mercy of Angelo?”

  “Angelo won’t hurt you,” Burgess assured
her impatiently.

  “And then he won’t hurt me either,” Myra
submitted, “so I’ll stay here.”

  Some of Burgess’ studied urbanity drop-
ped from him. He exclaimed harshly:
“Say, what’s the idea. You planning to
welch on me?”

  Myra’s chin came up a trifle.

“I didn’t know I was bound to you yet!**

she said coldly, “and the more I see of you
of late the less I want to be.”

“You can’t go back on him now!” her
mother interposed anxiously. “Why, he’s—”
Burgess held up a warning hand, and
when he addressed Myra again it was with
suavity:

  “Come, my girl, you used to like me.
Now that we could leave this place forever
and be safe always, why turn? We can go
to Panama, Buenos Ayres, Paris or Vienna.
The world is ours—all but Lakopolis. I
have accounts at half a dozen European
banks—trust me to see this coming for a
long time. Now my amphibian helicopter
is waiting at the lake front. We can get in
and away before morning.” He turned to
the mother with a smile;

  “It’s only natural for a young girl to feel
like that. She will change. She will live
like a queen.”

  “My life is my own. I will not go with
you!”

  Park Helm, hanging invisibly at her side,
exulted.

  Burgess stared at her a long moment in
silence.

  “Suppose you got the idea somehow that
you’re too good for me.”

  Myra met his gaze defiantly.

  “Not necessarily,” she said at last, “but
I have reasons to believe that you were one
of Angelo’s men until you split with him,
and that’s why he’s spotting you.”

  “Your father was spotted by the boss
whom Angelo bumped. Mean to say your
father was one of the gang?”

  “Where does your money come from,
then?” the girl exclaimed, bravely suppres-
sing her tears.

  “Myra! Myra!” the old lady scolded.
“You’re shocking—you’re—”

  “So my money’s tainted money, eh?”
Burgess sneered. “Milady is too fine and
pure to have anything to do with me, is
she? Well, all right, my money did come
from Angelo—every cent of it Know how
I got it?”

  “No, no! Don’t tell her everything!” the
mother exclaimed, pawing at him with her
fine white hands.
THE MAN WHO CHANGED THE FUTURE

59

  “Time she got wise!” Burgess snarled
harshly. “Yes, I was Angelo’s first man.
1 took care of his confidential business,
handled his accounts, and did whatever odd
jobs no one else could be trusted with.
Shocked, eh?” Burgess laughed with sar-
donic amusement.

  Myra had become pale, loathing plainly
written on her face. Burgess took another
tack;

  “Nice apartment you have here—high and
airy—cost five hundred a month. The
dress you have on—nothing better or finer
in the world—the automatic servants—the
meals you eat every day—did you think
these things came from the air? Well,
they didn’t. They were paid for by the
tainted money you’re spouting about.
Didn’t you ever wonder how your mother
was able to do you so well here—coming
from a'little cubicle on the west side to
this? You’ve lived here for three years on
my money—ever since I saw you with that
cheap young mechanic at Technical Park.
Don’t that mean anything to you? Why, I
could have had you brought to me then and
there. Instead I’ve paid to bring out your
beauty—I’ve paid—”

  “Myra, forgive me!” The old woman
threw herself on the floor at the girl’s feet.
“I knew you’d never have a chance!” she
wailed. “We were poor. You deserved
the best. I wanted you to marry well—
and common people can’t afford to marry
any more. Here I thought you’d have a
chance, and Mr. Burgess loaned—”

  “Ah yes! Mr. Burgess loaned the mon-
ey!” Myra exclaimed bitterly. “And I was
the collateral.” Quietly she turned her
back and walked to the window. Presently
a tear splattered on the deep-tufted rug.

TO Park Helm, the role of detached ob-
server was almost intolerable. He
ached to take Myra’s slight form in his
arms, to comfort her. He entertained no
doubt about his welcome. Already he
loved her—the irony of it—a girl almost
five generations removed from his own age;
it seemed the simplest and most natural
thing that she should return his love. But
Myra looked through him at the hard glit-

ter of the city, and Burgess came up behind
her. He did not touch her, knowing that in
her present state of mind she would shrink
as from a venomous serpent.

  “Be fair enough to give me a hearing!”
he begged, his voice low and pleading again.
“D’ye know why I broke with Angelo?”

  Not waiting for an answer, he went on:
“As I told you, I was often commissioned
to carry out special jobs for Angelo. The
other night you were present at some char-
ity doings or other. The Society Teleview
Company contributed some flashes of the
party to the general news screen, and I
happened to be with Angelo as he was watch-
ing the screen. By bad luck he saw you
and heard your voice—you are beautiful!
I claimed I didn’t know you when he asked
me, but he had one of his secretaries check
up—”

  Wonderingly, Myra turned and looked at
him. She had detected a tremor of real
emotion—of horror—in his voice.

  “He gave me an order,” Burgess went
on in a lower tone, “to get you for his Rest
Farm!”

  Myra’s startled eyes grew wide, fear-
stricken. Many and furtive were the stor-
ies of that Rest Farm—ironically named.
Many women disappeared from Lakopolis
each year to provide fuel for the unbridled
licentiousness of the gang chieftain’s mob.

  “He wanted you for himself,” Burgess
went on in a still lower voice, “and I didn’t
dare refuse. He was impatient. Spies
immediately informed him that I was with-
drawing funds on deposit here. You know
the rest. And now, dear—” he tried a mom-
entary caress which she did not resist—
“Now, dear, you know how much I love
you. I am driven to the ends of the earth
for love of you—must I go alone?”

  With a gesture of resignation she turned.

  “I’m bought and paid for; I won’t welch
on the bargain.” She stooped to the hud-
dled form of her mother.

  “Never mind, mother dear,” she whisper-
ed. “Better this than the Rest Farm.” She
submitted to Burgess’ embrace, and listened
carefully to his instructions about the busi-
ness of escape.

  Burgess explained that his present where*
50

WONDER STORIES

abQUts were unknown to Angelo. Some time
ago he had discovered the secret of Angelo’s
uncanny ability to know at any moment
where his men were. A small radiocasting
plant run by the power of radium was built
into the Angelo identification belt that all
members of the mob were required to wear.
It was a simple matter for Angelo to iden-
tify each member by the particular wave
harmonic emitted, and to locate him by
means long unknown.

  But Burgess’ belt was in the side pocket
of a public Dieselcab. It would lead Ange-

lo	a merry chase as the chauffeur plied his
trade.

  “Meet me tonight at Helicopter Basin No.
7”, was Burgess’ parting instruction. He
kissed the cold lips upturned to his, and
hurried out to one of the numerous landing
stages. A pimply faced youth who had
loitered nearby followed him quickly, spoke
in a low voice into a pocket transmitter
as he walked, leaped into an aerocab and
followed the twinkling helicopter blades of
Burgess’ machine.

The Coward "

TO Park Helm a great sadness had come.
He was but a disembodied ghost in this
new, fascinating and dangerous world. The
past, that body of his in Professor Nichol-
son’s cage, was not. It did not exist—was
sunk in the depths of eternity. A homeless
spirit, he was obliged to stand by and see
the immolation of the girl he loved to the
heartless exigencies of an age that was crud-
er, madder, more corrosive by far than the
times that belonged to him.

  And he would go back! He was certain
of that. At midnight Professor Nicholson
would reverse the polarity of the fields, and
he would be jerked back to 1930 and to san-
ity. Park hoped that midnight would come
before the whole sorry tragedy could be ful-
ly played out. Nothing as simple as going
away was possible. The still, stricken face
of Myra held him as light holds a moth—
would hold him until the time-equipoise
tore him away.

  It only he had his body! He yearned
for its competence, its athletic solidity. He

pictured himself, clad in the outmoded
clothing of 1930, appearing suddenly before
the incredulous eyes of the girl. He could
face with her the perils of her time with the
same crusading spirit with which he had
begun his work with the Citizens’ Reform
Committee. He wondered if it wouldn’t
be possible, to a supreme exertion of the
will, to augment the effects of the time-
equipoise to bring his body to him—some-
thing after the manner of oriental mystics
who are said to perform deeds of preter-
natural scope by sheer'will power. Nichol-
son had said that the body could almost be
transported in time. A little more, per-
haps. . . .

  Though he willed with desperate urgency,
he remained bodiless.

#	# *

  Lakopolis was bathed in ligbt. The
black heavens above were studded with stars,
and the thousands of aspiring towers of the
great city were flooded by the glare of in-
numerable ionic tubes. But the helicopter
basins at the lake front were dark save for
occasional small ionic tubes among the
trees.

  Without conscious volition Park Helm
had come with Myra in the Dieselcar. She
sank deeply into the soft cushions, her lug-
gage about her feet, and stared unseeingly
out of the window as the driver expertly
guided the machine through the labyrinth-
ine maze of aerial roads. He was an expert,
that driver. Besides attending to his car
in a masterly manner he found opportuni-
ties to make guarded, low-voiced remarks
into the portable transmitter he took out
of his pocket.

  Arriving at the outer gate, Myra pro-
duced a key and let herself into the enclos-
ure through a high gate marked “No. 7”.
“You may leave the luggage just inside
here,” she told the driver wearily.

  “Yes, Miss,” said the driver, pocketing
his fare.

  Myra waited until the car had disappeared
around the curve. The driver stopped the
car as soon as it was out of sight. Other
forms materialized out of the darkness.
There was muttered conversation. One of
the men chuckled amusedly ;
THE MAN WHO CHANGED THE FUTURE

61

  “Boss in good humor tonight, huh?”

  “An’ why not? Did’ye get a good look
at de jane? Man! I’d give me right arm
to be in his place!”

  With such small-talk they beguiled their
waiting, until the light of Burgess’ helicop-
ter, floating out there in the basin, flashed
on. It was too far to see anything, but the
watchers could use their imagination. They
lay there in the shadowy park, pleasantly
acrawl with cruel excitement.

  Park had seen Myra walk into the trap
unsuspecting. At the water’s edge she was
met by Burgess, almost unrecognizable in
the darkness, and he conveyed her, in a
small skiff, across the still water to where
the small wavelets slapped woodenly against
the hull of the flyer.

  Burgess was trembling with eagerness
and excitement. He had distanced the fear
of death and was licking his lips with ama-
tory anticipation. He picked up Myra’s
unresisting form and carried her into the
darkened cabin. She had stirred him as no
woman ever had. He intended, with reser-
vations, to be true to her.

  Park Helm, raging, desperately anxious,
and impotent, followed.

  Just then the light flashed on. It re-
vealed Angelo, standing in the middle of
the cabin. He smiled mockingly.

  Burgess was utterly ludicrous in his
fright. He let Myra fall to the floor.
Wide-eyed, she stumbled toward the door.

  But Angelo held out a sinewy arm, forced
her back, pulled the door shut. In his other
hand he held a short pistol-like weapon
with a barrel about an inch in diameter.
Instead of an opening at the end of the bar-
rel, however, there was a lens of black
glass.

  Angelo was handsome. He was young,
not more than 35, and his reputed excesses
had not left any mark on him. Taller than
the average height, he might have been a
pirate from the historic Spanish Man or a
knight dressed in the chain armor of feudal
days. His face, dark and smooth, was
amused. His piercing black eyes were
twinkling, but there was that in the curl of
his scornful lips that made Burgess quake.

But with the quick wit of one who had long
trod dangerous paths, Burgess grinned;

     OME to take delivery, eh chief?
V_>4 Can’t say as I blame you.” He leer-
ed at Myra, but even his hardihood failed
him when he saw the look she gave him.
Beads of sweat formed on his swarthy face,
which was tinged with underlying yellow.

  “Oh, you were bringing her to me?”
Angelo asked politely, stroking his little,
sharp-pointed mustache.

  “Yeah, you see. ...”

  “Did she know where she’s going? They
usually don’t come so easy.”

  “Well, you see. ...”

  “That’s plenty!” Angelo’s brows con-
tracted. But his voice became pleasanter
—and more dangerous.

  “We’ve always been good pals, eh Bur-

    O *9

gess:

  Fascinated, Burgess looked into the ophi-
dian eyes. He managed to nod.

  “And as long as you played square with
me you did well, eh Burgess?”

  Angelo went on, not expecting an answer;
“You know what happens to traitors?”
“Wait! Wait, I tell you!” the doomed
man screamed.

  Angelo smiled another tight-lipped smile,
toying with the weapon. A mere touch of
the thumb-button conveniently placed at the
side of the grip and Burgess would be as if
a red-hot iron rod had passed through his
body.

  “What is it you want to say?”

  “I can’t fool you, Angelo,” Burgess
whined, “but you’ve got her now. You’ve
got what you wanted. Why not let me go?
I’ll never come back to Lakopolis again.”
“She is your sweetheart?” Angelo asked,
softly, curiously.

  “She was, yes.” May there was hope af-
ter all. “She was, but that’s all right. Can’t
let a woman come between pals!”

  “This was to be your bridal night?” Still
Angelo wore that marveling smile.

  “Yes!” The tiny droplets of moisture
were coalescing and running down off Bur-
gess’ nose. “Sure, I’m for you first, all
the time!”

  “Just how far would such touching devo-
62

WONDER STORIES

tion go?” Angelo pursued tenderly. “Bring
her to me!”

  At the commaiid the cringing Burgess
seized Myra’s wrist. With averted face he
led her to Angelo, and Angelo’s arm went
around her.

  “I just wanted to see if it was true,”
Angelo remarked, still half incredulous.
Then he carelessly pointed his weapon at
his former lieutenant and pressed the but-
ton. At the touch of the black ray Bur-
gess collapsed.

  Park Helm, present in the little cabin but
utterly unable even to make his presence
known, felt a lively sense of satisfaction.
But this was immediately swept away by
disgust, anger.

  Myra was clinging to Angelo, clinging
passionately. Her little face under its hel-
met of golden hair was flushed and amor-
ous. She pressed her lithe body tightly to
the mailed figure of the gangster. And her
golden voice was thrilling;

  “I go with you gladly, Angelo. Never
before have I known a real man.”

  Disgust and sorrow filled Park Helm.
Yet he could not go away. Some unholy
fascination held him, and so he watched.
Angelo, quickly responsive, strained Myra
to him. Her white fingers fluttered, here,
there, until they came to the holster of the
ray pistol. In a moment she had the weap-
on, wrenched herself away.

  “Move one step,” she panted, “and you’re
dead.”

  Angelo’s surprise was complete, appre-
ciative. He thought he knew women, but
this little girl! Oh well!

  With a well-directed kick he struck the
ray pistol, but Myra did not drop it. The
black ray flashed out, and a red-hot spot
appeared instantaneously on Angelo’s ar-
mored chest. The chain mail was thicker
than the average, however, and the man did
not fall. Roaring in pain, Angelo jerked
the weapon out of the girl’s hand, struck
her a brutal blow in the face.

  “Castagleri, Kaponi, Hurwitz!” shouted
the gangster chief angrily. “The little hell-
cat,” he gritted. “When those gorillas get
through with her she’ll wish I’d killed her
now!”

  Myra staggered to her feet and made fo*
the cabin door. Angelo roughly seized her
burnished hair, so that it became unloosened
and fell down over her shoulders. He
knocked her to the floor, and as a precau-
tion locked the safety latch.

  “Coming!” came a faint call from the
water’s edge. Myra lay prostrate, moaning.

  All at once Park Helm noticed the navi-
gating chronometer. It was less than a
minute to midnight, when he would be re-
called to 1930. In an agony of protest he
watched. To be recalled now, when he
could never know how this night’s terrible
business would end—the thought was al-
most more than he could bear. The chrono-
meter seemed to race. Now there was only
30 seconds left, 15 seconds—now—now!

PARK felt the floor under him. He saw
self, as he had been in the laboratory
that morning—no—100 years ago. His
body had come to him. And with it a fierce
and joyous lust for battle. He was leaping
across the floor before he had even drawn
a breath, planted a terrific left hook to
Angelo’s jaw that shook his powerful body
to its innermost tough fibre.

  Angelo launched a kick at this uncanny
apparition’s face. Park caught his heel,
lifted it high, and as Angelo toppled,
biought a powerful right smash to the jaw.
This time Angelo dropped. Groaning, he
tugged at his ray pistol, which he had thrust
carelessly into the holster. Now it was
caught.

  He never got it out. A gush of blood,
curiously dark and burnt looking, welled
out through the chain-mail where the red
hot spot had been, and Angelo, gangster,
died.

  “Here Myra, do you know how to work
this thing?” Park asked. The gangsters
had arrived and were shouting for the door
to be opened. And they were clambering
over the hull.

  The girl leaped to the controls unquestion-
ingly, and under her manipulation the craft
shot skyward. It was a good ship, and
some of the hoodlums, when they were even-
tually shaken off, fell for miles before their
bodies struck the water.
THE MAN WHO CHANGED THE FUTURE

63r

  Angelo’s death precipitated a bloody and
decimating battle among his followers for
the throne he had held. It was an ideal mo-
ment for Park Helm, that astounding but
unquestionably authentic visitor from the
past, to lay his plans for the protective re-
organization of society before a group of
prominent and as yet untarnished citizens.

  And it was inevitable that in due course,
Commissioner of Public Safety Park Helm
should win as his willing bride the golden
girl whom he had learned to love when he
was a ghost.

  But Park did not know for a long time
how his body had been translated to him at
the moment most ardently desired. Even-
tually he found the answer to this question
in a perfectly obvious manner. He called
for the 1930 files of the Lakopolis newspa-
pers. There, on time-yellowed and brittle
paper, he found the following item:

   INDICTMENT QUASHED
State’s Attorney Byron Nelson to-
day moved to quash the indictment
against Professor E. Nicholson, fam-
ous scientist, charged with man-
slaughter in connection with the dis-
appearance of Park Helm, special in-
vestigator for the Citizens Reform
Committee. Mr. Nelson said in court:
“We have the professor’s own con-
fession that he forgot to reverse the
polarity of a device he calls his time-
equipoise, and accidentally sent the
body of Park Helm out after Helm’s
‘astral projection’ instead of bringing
said ‘astral projection’ back.

  “Without impugning the statement
of a scientist as eminent as Professor
Nicholson as it touches on a matter
of science, I must say there is no
legal basis for the indictment. Park
Helm did not die here, in our time,
for if he did we should have his body
and the corpus delicti. And if he
died 100 years in the future, as the
professor has indicated may be the
case, I can find no legal precedent for
trying a man for a killing that will
not be done for another 100 years.
Therefore I respectfully pray the
court that the indictment be dis-
missed.”

THE END

   FOR THE JULY ISSUE

we offer

a really new story, of a world-shaking series of events that sprang suddenly upon an
unsuspecting world. In

“The Time Projector”
by David Lasser and David H. Keller, M.D.

you find, told in grim realism, what would happen, if the truth about existence were
made known to us. In order not to give away the secret we ask you to start this
novel length story, and be thrown with its characters into the tumult of world-shaking
events ....

Clark Ashton Smith

repeats his triumph of “An Adventure into Futurity” in his new story

“The City of Singing Flame”

   Mr. Smith's words burn and grip you. He carries you along to his strange world,
where you feel as he did the overpowering lure of the flame ....

The Planet of Despair”

R. F. Starzl’s

latest contribution. You learn of the enslavement of one world to another, and how
the yoke of despair was broken when a man pitted his wits against that of an over-
powering race.

In “Rebellion—5000 A.D.”
by Garth Bentley

we get an intensely dramatic picture of future worlds, of their strangeness, their
problems, their loves, and hates and wars; their conquests and greeds. Mr. Bentley
has drawn a masterly picture of what our civilization may have to contend with 3000
odd years hence.

                            These and other stories in the
                            JULY 1931 WONDER STORIES
                            ON ALL NEWSSTANDS JUNE 1
 The Exiles of Venus

By Jim Vanny

(Illustrated by Marchxoni)

With the powerful magnetic ray, he literally picked the Tanarkans
off the ground and dashed them to the streets below.

64
THE EXILES OF VENUS

65

      Los Angeles, Feb. 3—The two air-
     men, Bert Reid and Jack Simpkins,
     who three days ago set out from
     Grand Central Air Terminal at Glen-
     dale in an attempt to establish a new
     world’s altitude record, have not yet
     been located. The mysterious disap-
     pearance of the men and their air-
     plane, a specially constructed ship of
     foreign design, has caused wide com-
     ment in aviation circles. Up to the
     present no plausible explanation has
     been offered as to the flyers’ strange
     disappearance. A wide search is be-
     ing made in an ef-
     fort to locate the
     flyers or some
     part of their ship
     which may offer
     a clue as to their
     probable fate.

. The foregoing des-
patch represented all
the world knew about
the strange disappear-
ance of the altitude fly-
ers three days after
they had vanished into
the cloud-laden 6ky
above Southern Cali-
fornia. The big plane
had carried fuel for
five hours in the air,
enough to accomplish
what the flyers had set
out to do.

 There was little
doubt in the minds of
the majority as to the
ship’s fate. The fly-
ers had evidently lost
their bearings in the
clouds and crashed in-
to the mountains or
had been carried out
over the Pacific by a
high altitude wind and
had fallen into the sea. Had the world but
known the altitude ship’s fate, it would have
stood aghast. But let Bert Reid, pilot of the
ill-fated craft, tell the story from the begin-
ning.

# * *

The Attempt that Failed

THE morning of January 31 dawned cold
    and cloudy at Glendale Airport. But in

spite of the adverse weather conditions, my
observer Jack Simpkins and I were deter-
mined to attempt the flight which we had so
long been planning.

  “It’s foolhardy to attempt it in such weath-
er,” insisted Airport Manager Lane as we
wheeled our imposing looking biplane out
onto the field to warm up. “By the time
you’re ready to return to the field those
clouds will have the place hidden from view.

It’ll be impossible to
land.”

 I waved him away
impatiently. “We said
we would break the
world’s altitude record
today—and we’re go-
ing to do it,” I replied
with finality.

  “Sure,” chimed in
Simpkins. “What do
you think we are? A
couple of chicken-
hearted butterflies?”
Lane waved his
hands in despair. “No,
no. Of course not,”
he replied in a tone of
utter hopelessness.
“Only why be a fool
just to show you’ve got
the guts!”

  But the preparations
went on. Soon the big
engine was sputtering
and popping, gradual-
ly settling down to a
steady drone as it
warmed up. From out
of the west a heavy
bank of black clouds
were drifting, swiftly
approaching the field. Lane again warned us
but could not dissuade us from our hazard-
ous adventure. He turned and walked back
to his field office muttering to himself.

  Fifteen minutes later he was on hand to
issue a last warning against the swiftly ap-
proaching clouds and stiff wind. However,
he wished us luck and with a small group of
other flyers and officials, watched us spiral
slowly out of sight.

MUCH discussion h a s^
 been raised on the
 question of interplanetary
 travel, of the way in which
 the first flight will take
 place and its consequences.
 Will it he made for adven-
 ture, for pure science, for
 exploration, for greed or
 personal gain of some
 kind? Certainly, at this
 date, no one can answer the
 question. It is to he hoped
 that the discovery of the
 secrets necessary to the
 space flight will not come
 first to those in whose
 hands it might prove to he
 a misapplied power. Even
 the scientist is at times
 blinded by his own zeal so
 that he utilizes his powers
 for what turn out to be evil
 ends.

   Mr. Vanny has written
 here, a fascinating account
 of what the type of expedi-
 tion might be, and how the
 consequences of* it could
 pursue the space flyers for
 ^many years.
66

WONDER STORIES

  On board the big altitude plane, which
Simpkins and I had jocosely named the Al-
ta, all was going well. The altimeter was
registering a steady climb which, fifteen
minutes after the start of the flight, totalled
nineteen thousand feet. The ship was still
far from her ceiling, but we had preferred
to carry ample fuel and take more time to
make the flight, rather to force the ship and
the motor.

  The minutes wore away. Off to the west
where we should have been able to see the
broad Pacific lay an unbroken expanse of
clouds that were slowly moving inland to
engulf the valley below us.

  “Do we go up—or down?” asked Simp-
kins above the roar of the
engine.

  “Up,” I replied.

 And up we went. Up
and up went the Alta, our
goal set at 50,000 feet,
one thousand feet beyond
the record held by the
great LeMoine of France.

  In the tightly-sealed
cabin, Simpkins and I
were now wearing oxygen
masks. The atmosphere
at the level where we
now were flying, about
thirty-five thousand feet,
was too rare to provide
sufficient oxygen for
breathing. The motor of
the Alta was equipped
with a specially designed supercharger. Out-
side our snug little cabin the temperature
was approaching sixty degrees below zero.

  And on and on flew the Alta and her
determined crew. At 45,000 feet we had
penetrated three cloud layers and were now
soaring through a sky suddenly darkened as
though night had fallen quickly over us. All
about us we could plainly see the myriad
stars. To me it seemed that we had entered
another world as we soared steadily upward.

  Suddenly Simpkins pointed to the left.

  “Look! What is that?”

  I peered into the star-studded heavens.
A group of lights were moving swiftly down-
ward from an even higher altitude and tow-

ard the Alta.

  “Looks like a lost comet,M’ I said, not
knowing how to explain the strange sight.

  Swiftly the thing approached.

  “Comet nothing!” snorted Simpkins. “It’s
some sort of a craft!”

  “That can’t be,” I insisted. “We are
higher now than any other human has ever
flown.”

  “I tell you it’s a ship of some sort,” he
maintained stubbornly. “Maybe—”

BUT Simpkins’ conjecture was never
made known. Without warning a long,
narrow shaft of violet light penetrated the
darkness of the upper heavens, falling direct-
ly upon the nose of the
Alta. The motor stopped
dead and the silence of
the upper air held sway.
Strangely enough, the al-
titude craft had not start-
ed to descend. Instead, as
we looked at her air speed
indicator, we found her
speed was increasing
while her altimeter show-
ed no signs of falling.
Straight toward the
strange ship we were
speeding. I struggled
with the controls, gave her
full aileron, threw the
rudder and elevators over
in an attempt to swing the
Alta away from the oth-
er’s path. But it was in vain. A collision
seemed inevitable. We were almost upon
her.

  “Jump!” I yelled.

  In an instant the door of the cabin was
thrown open. A moment later Simpkins had
flung himself clear of the speeding craft.
Releasing the controls I sprang to follow
him. But as I did so, a back strap on my
’chute became entangled with the door and
I felt my fall checked before it had actually
started. I was held a helpless captive in
mid-air!

  Swiftly now the Alta approached the
stranger. But it did not strike. For as the
two craft met, the Alta slid beneath the oth-

jf*

JIM VANNY
THE EXILES OF VENUS

61

er. I had a vision of a great black void
ip the belly of the monster. Then the Alta
and her entangled pilot were swallowed up
in its black depths.

  Seconds passed. I was suddenly dazzled
by a bright light and was aware of a sound
like metal doors being closed. I looked
about me. The Alta lay at rest in a large
chamber resembling a hangar. And then
hands grasped me and I was lowered to the
floor of the chamber.

  A dozen peculiar little men were staring
at me even as I stared at them. They were
small fellows, not over four feet in height,
rather slightly built, human beings except
for their large eyes which were almost twice
the size of my own. Their military-cut hair
was black, their features dark, their uni-
forms of a beautiful royal blue, trimmed
with scarlet, while orange caps topped their
black hair in striking contrast.

  And as I looked on, one of them, appar-
ently a leader, stepped forward and motion-
ed me to follow him. For a moment I
hesitated, then tried to speak to him.

 “Who are you?” I asked. “And why
have you brought me here?”

  But the little fellow only shook his head
and again beckoned me to follow him. I
did so.

  He led me through a doorway and down
a long, narrow passage that contained a
glittering array of machinery. Behind us
followed two more of the little fellows and
for a minute I smiled at the strangeness of
it all. I felt that I could destroy an army
of these puny men. And yet there was
something distinctly business-like and sug-
gestive of power in their appearance.

  Pausing at the doorway, the leader of the
party pressed a button. A moment later the
portal swung open and I was ushered there-
in. Not a word was uttered by my captors
as they silently retreated and left me alone.

  I looked about me. I was in a severely
furnished room about ten feet square having
but a single port through which I could see
the starry heavens.

  I wondered at the type of craft this must
be to so easily maintain such an altitude.
I wondered where it must come from and
where it might be bound. And I puzzled

over the strange little men. Then, as I
looked again through the small window or
port in the side of my room I gasped in as-
tonishment.

An Unexpected Sight

BEYOND me lay a giant half moon, beau-
tiful and radiant in her splendid glory
—much larger than I had ever before seen
her except through powerful telescopes. I
remembered that twice before I had been
fortunate enough to see the orb like this
through the great two hundred-inch tele-
scope at Mount Wilson. And also through
the telescope of the Lick Observatory on
Mount Hamilton.

  The moon was approaching with amazing
rapidity. Were these little men from the
Moon? That I knew to be impossible.
The Moon was a dead world, devoid of at-
mosphere, plant life, everything necessary to
sustain life; and with such varying tempera-
tures that it would be impossible to live on
itd surface.

  Still it grew larger and larger until the
entire heavens beyond my little window were
filled with the orb. As one greatly inter-
ested in astronomy, my interest in this sight
was intense. I peered eagerly at the ap-
proaching surface. We were apparently
swinging around now so that more and more
of the surface was becoming lighted. Now
the crescent was rapidly vanishing as the
Moon approached more and more to the full.

  I racked my brain to remember the fea-
tures of the orb. Near the south I recog-
nized the crater of Tycho, and the immense
oblong enclosure known as Clavius which is
some one hundred forty miles in length and
the deepest formation of its kind on the
Moon. One peak on the east is said to reach
an altitude of twenty-four thousand feet.
Because of its situation and depth the Sun
never is seen from some places in its inter-
ior.

  As I looked I could see the far-reaching
shadows of colossal walls and peaks break-
ing the line of sunlight in jagged lines over
the entire lighted surface.

  The giant craters of Kepler and Coper-
nicus stood out majestically as did the
68

WONDER STORIES

Ocean of Storms; the Sea of Clouds; the
Sea of Serenity ; the towering ridges of the
Apennines and Carpathian Mountains. Off
toward the north was the Caucasus Moun-
tains and just east of them the Alps, whose
highest peak, Mont Blanc, is said to rise
to an elevation of fourteen thousand feet.

  It was a beautiful spectacle as we ap-
proached closer and closer. The sun bath-
ed the great Alpine Valley to the west,
quickly climbed the rugged walls of the
mountains and shots its rays into the valley
beyond. The mountains cast sharp, rugged
shadows. The absence of atmosphere, omit-
ted any shading from light to dark, caused
the surface to b^cither intensely light or
plunged into Stygian blackness.

  The entire surface of the aged orb was
like this. There was no skillful blending
of darkness with light. Each detail stood
out with a harsh intensity on the scarred and
furrowed dead world.

  Rapidly now were we approaching. No
longer was the entire Moon revealed but
only a portion of her silvery surface. We
swung down over the Alps, the Apennines,
&nd the Carpathian Range until now only
the crater of Copernicus and the surround-
ing plain was revealed. We could plainly
see the jagged peaks and the level plain
within. All about her surface, plains were
spattered as though from the discharge of
molten matter which had been ejected from
the interior when the world was formed.

  Not long afterward we dropped closer to
her immense surface, flew under the shadow
of her lofty mountains and darkness shut
out further view from the wondrous specta-
cle.

WHEN the door of my prison was once
more flung open my original escort
entered and I was again ordered to follow
them. I did so, this time without protest.

  Once more I was led down long passage-
ways. And as I turned at the end of one, a
flurry of white rounded the corner and ran
full into me, nearly knocking me over.

  “Oh—I beg your pardon!”

  I had seen some strange sights since my
captivity aboard the strange craft. But this
was most unexpected. A beautiful blue-

eyed girl with closely cropped bobbed hair,-
clad in English riding boots, natty white
cord riding breeches and silk shirt stood
before me. I found myself quite speechless.
But she quickly took charge of the situation.
Turning to the little fellow who had taken
charge of the group she eyed him coldly. I
“What does this mean, Geeko?” she asked
severely.

  The little fellow hung his head for a mo-
ment.

  “Hurry,” prompted the girl.

  “He is a spy,” replied the little man and
I was completely surprised at his perfect
English.

  “A spy?”

  The little man called Geeko nodded curt-
ly'

  “We discovered him in a space ship car
near the Earth. There was another but he
got away.”

  The girl paused for a moment. “That
will be all for the present, Geeko. In the
meanwhile I will take care of him,” she
said nodding to me and I felt a breath of
relief. The little fellow looked crestfallen
for a moment and then with a short salute,
he and his companions walked away.

  “Come!” said the girl to me and I follow-
ed her.

 She led me back down the passage
through which I had just come, and opening
another door bade me enter. I presently
found myself in a room some twenty feet
square, tastefully'furnished.

  The girl invited me to sit down; and tak-
ing a chair opposite me, asked my name.

  “Bert Reid,” I replied. Then added,
“From the Earth.”

  The girl smiled. “So I had observed.

I am Phyllis Stoddard, also of the Earth,
or perhaps it would be more correct if I
were to say ‘formerly of the Earth’.”

  I shook my head hopelessly.

  “This is all beyond me,” I told her. “I
yet am not sure but that I am quite mad—-
or in the midst of a terrible nightmare.”

  “It is all quite true,” replied PhyllisJ
“God grant it were a dream.”

  “What?” I cried. “You don’t mean that
you, too, are a prisoner here?”

  She shook her head sadly.
THE EXILES OF VENUS

69

f

  “A prisoner of promise,” she replied.
“But tell me first how you came to get
aboard the Space Rover? I give you my
word I had nothing to do with it. I did not
even know that you were aboard until just
now in the corridor.”

  As I looked into her frank blue eyes I
believed her. And so, for the next half hour
I told her my story, leaving out no detail.
When I had finished she only said:

  “I am sorry. But there is only one thing
for me to do. I must return you to Earth.
But first you must accept our hospitality.
And Muriel will be glad to see someone
from Earth, too.”

  “Muriel? Who is Muriel?”

  “My elder sister. But you must have din-
ner with us. Then, if Muriel sees fit, we
shall tell you our story. I must ask you
to excuse me until then.”

  “fcertaioly,” I replied.

  “And now,” continued Phyllis.“ We have
arrived at our base. I will give Geeko in-
structions and he will see that you are pro-
perly taken care of until dinner.”

An Amazing Tale

I BOWED and she left me. My head was
in a whirl. From now on I would never
say that anything was impossible.

  Geeko led me from the car and, as I step-
ped from the monster, I found myself in a
gigantic cavern whose rock walls and tower-
ing ceiling seemed to have no limits. The
Space Rover Occupied but a small part of
the room yet it was all of five hundred feet
in length with a breadth of nearly two hun-
dred feet. It resembled a great whale as it
lay at rest in its titanic hangar.

  From somewhere came the low hum of
machinery and presently, as my eyes became
accustomed to the brilliant illumination
within the cavern, I could see that numerous
tunnels ran off this main room.

  Geeko led me to one of these and finally
to a room hewn from the solid rock, though
its beautifully-decorated interior wall dis-
guised the fact.

  Here I made my toilet and tidied myself
as best I could after the day’s experience.
An hour later Geeko appeared again and

conducted me down a long rock-walled pas-
sage to smother doorway.

  We entered an anti-room and passed
therefrom into a large dining room. Here
Phyllis met me and turned immediately to
her sister, Muriel. She too, was clad in a
comfortable riding outfit. But as I looked
at her I thought her the most beautiful crea-
ture I had ever cast my eyes upon. Her
hair was much darker than her sister’s, her
brown eyes and flashing teeth set in a per-
fectly moulded face, her figure slender and
graceful.

  “Make yourself at home, aviator,” she
said to me cheerily. “It is good to see
someone from home. You see, they are few
and far between in the realms of outer
space.”

  I smiled at the girl and secretly admired
her spirit. For beneath her bantering con-
versation, I knew there was something more
serious than I could possibly guess.

  “If all space wanderers are as beautiful
as you and your sister, they must be
scarce,” I replied.

  She shook a warning finger at me.
“Remember you are on the Moon—not
the Earth,” she laughed.

  The dinner was excellent. It was com-
pletely vegetarian—grown in specially pre-
pared gardens in this Moon base beneath
the orb’s surface. When dinner was over
we retired to a small library. Here Muriel
threw off her mask of joviality and became
serious.	/

  “Phyllis has told me your story,” she
began, addressing me. “From what I have
observed, I believe I can trust you.”

  “J don’t understand it all,” I admitted
frankly. “But you can depend upon me, I
assure you that.”

  “Did you ever hear of the astronomer,
Professor Max Stoddard?” she asked.

  “Certainly. He is the man who disap-
peared nearly six years ago with his two
daughters—Say! You don’t mean—Phyllis
Stoddard! Why—!”

  Muriel smiled mirthlessly.

  “Yes,” she replied'evenly. “We are Pro-
fessor Stoddard’s daughters.”

  I was speechless. It was an astounding
70

WONDER STORIES

revelation. Unbelievable. Yet I had the
living proof before me.

  “Mr. Reid,” the girl went on. “Daddy
had been working for years prior to his
disappearance on a space ship. He had the
assistance of a young electrical engineer,
Alan Starbuck, whose faith in Daddy’s in-
vention was unbounded. When they had
perfected their plans they hired a crew of
mechanics to assist in the construction of
the machine.

  “But when Dad finished it he had no crew.
He could not induce the men who had built
it to become his companions. Alan was
the only man he had. He could probably
have procured enough scientific men who
would have been eager to go, but he needed
men who understood the main workings of
the car.

  “To show the men that he appreciated
their efforts in the construction of the Space
Rover Daddy decided to give them a little
informal dinner on the ship. There was
just Daddy, Alan, the five men who had
worked on the space car, besides Phyllis
and myself.

CfT'XURING the course of the dinner Dad-

  JL/ dy acted rather strangely but we
thought that he was tired from the long
hours of work on the Space Rover and ac-
cordingly gave it no serious thought.

  “But later in the evening, the five work-
ers and Alan became drowsy. Then I had
a strange premonition. Not long after-
ward it proved correct. The six men were
able to keep awake no longer and lay
sprawled across the furniture asleep. Then
Daddy came forward, a terrible light in his
eyes.

  “‘Quick!’ he cried, turning to us girls.
‘Carry them into the bunks!’ We were ter-
rified by his strange actions, but as we hesi-
tated he menaced us with a gun.

  “ ‘All my life I’ve planned this thing,’
he cried. ‘And now I won’t have my plans
thwarted—not even by my own flesh and
blood!’

  “Well, at the point of the gun, we car-
ried the men to prepared bunks. With our
help Daddy managed to get the Space Rover

started into space. And when the drugged
men finally came to their senses, they were
thousands of miles away from the Earth.
They threatened to take the ship away from
father but he only laughed crazily and asked
them how they were going to navigate it
back to Earth.

  “Alan was helpless, of course. He could
navigate it, but it mean the prosecution of
my father if he did so. And on the other
hand father threatened him night and day.”

  “And he went to the Moon,” I gasped in
amazement.

  The girl shook her head in the negative.

  “No, not to the Moon—to Venus!”

  “To Venus!”

  “Yes. That is really where the story be-
gins. Like a great many astronomers Dad-
dy figured that there must be some form of
life existing on this planet. So with his
space car perfected he determined to fnd
out. We flew through space for days and
days and finally landed on Venus. There
we met these little people who are with me
now. They were a friendly little race and
at once we took to them.

  “But they were harassed by a war-like
people from another part of the planet.
Daddy desired to help the little fellows gain
their own and accordingly assisted them to
make war on the Tanarkans, as they were
called. But Daddy’s dream of universal
Venusian power for his little friends came
to a rude awakening. The Tanarkans won
war and took our friends into captivity and
slavery. Only a few escaped in the Space
Rover with Daddy.

  “From then on he was a changed man.
He lost his insane manner and became more
like his old self before the success of the
Space Rover. We retreated to the Moon
where we built this underground city. We
found water beneath its surface and Daddy
and the others constructed machines to gen-
erate oxygen to breathe. There are two en-
trances to this city, each protected with a
double door like the diving chamber of a
submarine.

  “Daddy’s old aggressive self completely
vanished. He had but one aim in life—to
win back for the Venusians what he had lost
for them in his mad scheme.”
THE EXILES OF yENUS

ffl

  “And your father?” asked I. “Where is
he now?”

  “Daddy is dead,” she replied quietly.
“His tomb is high up in the mountains that
surround Copernicus. His last wish was
that Phyllis and I carry on the work where
he left on.”

  “And Alan Starbuck? You have him to
assist you?”

  “Alan Starbuck was captured by the Tan-
arks,” replied Phyllis with a catch in her
voice; and I knew that Alan was the blue-
eyed girl’s sweetheart.

  “And so,” concluded Muriel, “these peo-
ple are my people until I have helped re-
store to them the land that my father lost.
Whether I shall ever return to the Earth, I
dc not know. The Earthlings whom father
so forcibly carried away I returned two
years ago, after they had trained my Venus-
ians to operate the Space Rover.

  “And the power that drew the Alta aboard
the Space Rover was also an invention of
your father’s?” I asked.

  “That was an invention of Alan’s,” replied
Muriel. “If anything should go wrong with
that ray, we have no way of repairing it.
It was called the magnetic ray by Alan and
he told his secret to no one but Daddy. And
he left no information, either verbal or
written in regard to it. We have tried to
analyze it but without success so far.”

On to Venus!

ifcT T is the most amazing story I have ever
1 heard,” I replied as Muriel explained
this. “And if it were not for the testimony
of my ears, I should never believe a word
of it.”

  “And I have but one thing to ask of you,”
she said.	^

  “And what is that?” I asked wondering.
“That when I return you to Earth you will
say nothing about this—for a while.”

  I smiled. “If I want to keep people’s
good opinion of me,” I replied, “I am afraid
I shall be forced to remain quiet. No one
would ever believe my story. People would
biand me as insane.”

  “And when I return to Earth I’ll bring
you a piece of Venus for a souvenir,” she

laughed, her old jovial mood momentarily
returning.

  “Then you really mean to return to the
planet?” I asked.

  “It is the only thing to do. It was Dad-
dy’s dying request. There was nothing
wrong with his sanity when he made it.”

  For a moment I stood swaying on the
blink of uncertainty.

  “Do—you suppose—that you could make
rcom—for another member?” I asked rather
awkwardly.

  “Why—I don’t know. Do you mean that
you—?”

  “Yes. I’ve no claims on Earth. There
is no reason why I should not remain miss-
ing for a while. And you—well, I’ve no
doubt of your capability—but you are und-
ertaking a big venture for a girl.”

  A broad smile slowly overspread her face.

  “And so you wish to go along to protect
little Muriel?” she asked rather lightly.

  “I should like to go with you,” I replied,
“because I have a taste for adventure and—
well, yes—because it is no venture for two
women from my Earth to undertake alone.”

  The girl held out a slender hand.

  “It’s a go,” she said with decision.

  I gripped the hand. And then I knew
why I was willing to gamble my life with
this bewitching girl.

*	* *

  The Moon hung beneath us in a beautiful
silver crescent as we sped through space
toward the home of the exiled Venusians.
Five years had passed since they had been
driven from their world by the mistake of
Professor Stoddard and the power of the
warring Tanarks. Five years of suffering;
five years of planning, and now the last act
to bring about the fruition of two women’s
dream.

  I sat in the pilot house of the Space Rov-
er at the side of Muriel and Phyllis. At
the controls were Geeko and his lieutenant,
Neepo, whom through patient hours of in-
struction, the late Professor Stoddard had
made into expert space navigators.

  Quickly the Space Rover cut down the
abyss separating us from Venus. The
Earth lay behind us in a great, bronze ball,
her continents outlined in sharp relief. But
72

WONDER STORIES

the speed of the Space Rover was terrific
and our own planet was soon diminishing
in size.

  We covered the twenty-five million odd
miles between the Moon and Venus in two
weeks which gave the Space Rover the amaz-
ing speed of approximately seventy-five
thousand miles per hour!

  As we approached the planet through the
half twilight caused by her dense atmos-
phere, we could plainly see the city of Tan-
ark through the powerful infra-red tele-
scopes that were part of the Space Rover*$
equipment. The city lay in the midst of a
tropical forest, enveloped in clouds, and
well guarded by a high wall that surrounded
it on four sides. And as we drew nearer,
the Venusians on board could hardly be
restrained from hurling themselves down
upon their enemies in open combat.

SLOWLY we descended. The location
of the dreaded Tanarkan prison at the
lower end of the city was no secret. There
was not a Venusian aboard who did not
know and fear that place. The lights of the
Space Rover were either turned out or mask-
ed so that they were not visible from with-
out. Then, a silent messenger of deliver-
ance, she settled slowly into the forest about
a mile from the city wall. And now I turn-
ed to Muriel.

  “Now I must leave you,” I said huskily.
“I must go into Tanark—alone.”

  “No—no!” she grasped my arms tightly.
“You can’t go in there alone. They would
kill you. I won’t let you!”

  “My dear girl,” I said quietly. “Do you
suppose for one minute that I shall unnec-
essarily expose myself to danger? And
what would they do to the Venusian prison-
ers—and Alan—if we were to launch an
open attack?”

  “But—alone. Isn’t there some other
way—?”

  “If there is a better way, I shall be glad
to take it, Muriel,” I answered her. “But
I have been thinking out this thing since
we first sighted Tanark. I can see no other
way.”

  “But you may never come back!”

  I smiled dryly. “But how about Alan
Starbuck? Five years in a stinking Tan-
arkan prison. If he isn’t—” I did not
finish. She nodded her head. She under-
stood. Phyllis was not with us and I was
glad for that. She would never believe that
her Alan was dead.

  “Phyllis loves Alan, doesn’t she?” I asked
Muriel abruptly.

  The girl looked up at me for a moment.

  “Yes,” she replied slowly. “Phil loves
Alan.”

  “Then Alan Starbuck must be rescued
before the Tanarkans know of our presence.
That is imperative.” .

  “But—you and—I, Bert. You do care
for me, don’t you, Bert,” she cried clinging
tightly to me.

  I took her in my arms. “No man has
ever loved a woman more than I love you,”
I told her fervently. “That is why I am so
anxious to bring Alan back to Phyllis.
Muriel, my love for you makes me under-
stand how Phil and Alan feel.”

  As the Space Rover ascended once again
leaving me alone upon that lonely planet,
I experienced a feeling akin to on who has
lost his last friend. The semi-darkness and
heavy clouds with a threat of rain, assisted
me materially as I darted through the heavy
undergrowth toward the city.

  Before I had gone a half mile I was drip-
ping wet from the heavy dew that lay on the
surrounding foliage. The Venusian forest
was not unlike the tropical forests on the
Earth and I was ever on the lookout for
wild life that might endanger my life and
the success of my expedition.

  At length I came within sight of the city
walls. Certainly now, if ever, I must be
cautious. As I watched, the form of a man
drifted slowly along over the wall and I
knelt in the underbrush in amazement. The
Tanarkans had invented some sort of a float-
ing suit by which the guards could patrol
above the walls of the city.

  The city wall was constructed of great
slabs of rock and masonry—rough and un-
even. Moreover, it was about thirty feet
high, fifteen feet thick at the base tapering
to about five at the top. If I could get the
chance I knew I could scale that wall. Ac-
THE EXILES OF VENUS

73

ieording to the Venusians, the Tanarkan pri-
son lay beyond this wall.

  As I crouched there puzzling out a plan
by which to gain entrance, it began to rain.
Slowly at first but increasing to a steady
down pour within fifteen minutes. The
guards were not numerous now and watch-
ing my chance I made a run for the wall.
Feverishly I scaled its rough sides, sprawled
across the top and looked toward the city
beyond. There were many squat buildings
in a large square and these I took to be the
prisoners’ quarters of Tanark. Without
delay I slipped down the inner side of the
wall.

Within the City

THE storm had turned the twilight to
almost the darkness of night; and many
lights shone about the city, casting shadows
which I quickly used for temporary hiding.
And as I lay in the shadow of a building,
the guard passed slowly overhead. I felt
the blood pounding against my temples but
he did not see me. On the other hand I got
a much better view of his space suit as he
passed in front of the many lights.

  They appeared to be of a metal entirely
enclosing the man save for a window panel
before his eyes which extended around the
head to the ears. Waist high, at either hip,
there was fitted a bull’s eye glass which
seemed to be mounted on a socket joint so
as to give the lens a wide angle sweep. The
suit seemed to fasten together in front, with
a long hinge running down it by which to
swing it open. What kept them aloft was
beyond my imagination.

  Presently I saw three of the little men
approaching the building by which I was
concealed and for a moment I felt that I
had been discovered. But they passed over
it and came to earth on the other side.
Then carefully edging my way along the
side of the building, I discovered two of the
Tanarkans in front of it, evidently on duty.

  This was no doubt the guard house or
police headquarters. The three who had
just descended must have just come off duty.
They disappeared into the building. The
other two followed. Through a window on

the shaded side of the building a light
streamed. I made my way to this and peer-
ed within. The building was composed of
two rooms. I was looking into the rear one.
There stood the three guards. The other
two were in the front.

  The three divested themselves of their
space suits and after placing them carefully
in one corner on what appeared to be a
rack, they passed through the front room
and left the building. And as I looked in
at the empty space suits a daring plan came
into my mind. I examined the window of
the guard house and found it had evidently
not been made to resist entrance. So a few
minutes later I found myself inside. Every
second I expected to be discovered by the
two men in the front room.

  Quickly I gathered up one of the suits
and started back for the window. But as I
did so a footstep sounded at the doorway.
Wildly I looked about for some weapon.
Behind the bull’s eye on either arm of the
space suit was a sinister looking trigger.
Ray guns! Instantly I grasped one and
swung behind the suit.

  The Tanarkan guard saw me and made
a rush forward. But as he did so I squeez-
ed the triggers.

  With a horribly contorted face he dropped
to the floor as my poorly directed ray cut
away one shoulder! I was sickened at the
sight but desperately completed the work I
had started. But not before the fellow had
uttered an outcry. The other guard came
running into the guard house. I did a bet-
ter job this time. He dropped, seared and
blackened, without a sound. Had anyone
else but the guard in the front room heard
the first one’s outcry? I listened intently
for a minute and hearing nothing suspicious,
left the building.

  My next task was to find out how the suit
operated. That I could not do. So I cast
the thing aside and began to plan my next
move. I wanted to go back and plunder
the building in hopes of finding a ray gun
detached from the space suits. But it seem-
ed unwise, and so, carefully concealing my-
self in the shadows, I crept carefully across
the square. I knew it would be but a mat-
ter of a short time when the two bodies in
74

WONDER STORIES

the guard house would be discovered. That
would cause an uproar. So I determined to
locate Alan Starbuck as quickly as possible.

  There were hundreds of Venusians impri-
soned here. From building to building I
went. Then I thought of Muriel and Phyl-
lis and the thought of them gave me fresh
determination to succeed. I had learned a
few words of the little Venusians’ language
and now was the chance to make use of it.

The Battle of Tanark

I SLIPPED up to the back of one of the
ground cells and through the tiny window
called within in the language of our Venus-
ian friends, “Hello!”

  The effect was like an electric shock. The
little fellow must have been one who had
been imprisoned since the coming of Pro-
fessor Stoddard, for when he saw me he
was not in the least surprised that I was a
white man.

  “How good it is to see you!” he cried.
“The great Earthling (Professor Stoddard)
promised to return to us.”

  ‘The great Earthling could not come,” I
told him. “But I came for him. Where is
the Earthling who was left here?”

  He told me the building where Alan Star-
buck was held captive. With a promise that
he should soon be free, I went quickly to
locate Alan. Carefully I searched the cells,
from the tiny windows in back. And at
last, as I was beginning to think my Venus-
ian friend might have been mistaken, I
found him.

  “Starbuck!” I hissed. “Quiet, now.
Don’t give an alarm. It’s a friend come to
help you. A friend from the Earth!”

  The man wheeled toward the window,
wide-eyed.

 “Help? From the Earth? Who are
you? How did you get within the city?”
“Quiet,” I warned him again. “Listen,
Starbuck. We’ve got the Space Rover hov-
ering over the city now. Will these prison-
ers help us if we release them?”

  “Will they help? Just give them the
chance!”

  “All right. The guards don’t suspect me
here. I can easily overcome the one inside
this building. Then we can organize—”

 “Yes. Hurry. And Professor Stod*

dard—?”

  “Is dead,” I replied.

  “But Phyllis, his daugher—?”

  “She is aboard the Space Rover waiting
for you.”

  The man breathed a sigh of relief. Five
years in this Tanarkan prison had left their
mark upon him.

  I slipped quietly around to the entrance.
Only one man stood guard. I had no weap-
on. Slipping cautiously up behind him, my
fingers gripped his throat. He was unable
to make an outcry. A couple of whacks of his
head against the stone wall were sufficient
to quiet him. An instant later I had the
keys to the cells and was releasing the pri-
soners.

  It was dangerous work to overcome the
other guards without raising an alarm but
we accomplished it and in the meantime the
guards patrolled the wall ignorant of what
was taking place.

  From one of the Venusians we learned
how to operate the space suits of the Tan-
arkans, and Alan and I each donned one.
They were plentiful about the prison execu-
tive buildings.

  Watching our chance we rose quietly and
slipped unseen over the wall and into the
forest beyond. Quickly we sped over the
tree tops when we had cleared the city and
soon arrived upon the spot where I had ar-
ranged to meet the Space Rover.

  There was no sight of her though it was
long past time for her to return to the spot.
We carefully examined the ground where I
had disembarked. There were fresh tracks
here. Distinctly impressed in the soggy
earth were the marks of the Space Rover s
gigantic landing skids. All about them were
the imprints of many feet—Tanarkan feet!

  The Space Rover had fallen into the hands
of the enemy!

  With heavy hearts we sped back toward
Tanark. We must locate the Space Rover
without delay. Cautiously maneuvering
about we came again to the wall where I had
first entered the city. The place was in con-
fusion. The mob of released Venusians had
started to storm the city without awaiting
our aid in the Space Rover. There was no
THE EXILES OF VENUS

75

sight of our craft. We moved swiftly on.
And near the center of the city we found it,
surrounded by a curious group.

THEN, as we descended among the Tan-
arkans, the mob from the prison broke
in upon them from all sides. The slaughter
was terrible. But it was our chance. Quick-
ly darting in, Alan and I stole aboard the
Space Rover. There were several Tanar-
kans aboard trying to force the crew into be-
traying the secrets of the car. A few
squeezes on the triggers of our ray guns and
we were again in possession of the ship.

  “They disabled our magnetic ray!” cried
Phyllis as we threw our suits to one side,
and she flew into Alan’s arms.

  “What of those Venusians?” I cried point-
ing to the onrushing mob that was being
swept aside by the barrage from the Tanar-
kan rays.

  “They won’t stand in front of that long,”
replied. “We told them not to do such a
fool thing. The ones who escape we’ll res-
cue later. Get going. I must fix this ray.”

  As the Space Rover swung away, to the
surprise and consternation of the Tanarkans,
Alan began to work feverishly over the var-
ious cells and circuits. Phyllis was ever at
his side.

  As we swung away from the city the space
men from Tanark followed us. But only
for a short distance. Their speed could
never equal that of the Space Rover. Two
hours later we descended again on the city.

  The Battle of Tanark will ever remain an
outstanding event in the history of Venus.
The giant Space Rover showed no mercy to
the cruel Tanarkans. With his powerful
magnetic ray, Alan Starbuck literally picked
the Tanarkans off the ground and dashed
them to death in the streets below. They
were never able to get within range of the
big ship to bring their guns into play.

  And so our Venusian friends returned to
their own world. Geeko has been elected
president. Neepo is his aide. And the
wondrous feast that was given in our honor
shall never be forgotten by us to our last
hour on earth.

  A month later we departed from the plan-

THE

et enroute to the Moon. It was the final
trip of the Venusians to pick up those left
behind. It meant final abandonment of the
Moon City. But before that, we dropped
toward the disc that we knew to be our own
beloved planet—the Earth.

   At twenty-five thousand feet the trap door
 in the bottom opened and the long captive
 Alta dropped from below. Her powerful
 motor roared farewell to the Space Rover as
 that proud monarch of the heavens turned
 back once more toward the long dead world
 far above us.

   “1 owe the Space Rover to them,” said
Muriel, in the close quarters of the Alta.
“And besides, it has brought enough trouble
to us. The Venusians need it more than we
do. I want to forget that any other world
but our own beautiful earth exists. I have
had enough of space flying.” And we all
agreed with her. After all, there is no place
like home.

  The Alta swooped downward with me at
the controls. Below us loomed the beauti-
ful San Gabriel Valley, the mountains on
one side, the sparkling Pacific ocean on the
other. And directly below us lay the air-
port from which we had departed but two
short months ago.

   Needless to say, our story is given little
 credence. But that concerns us little. I
 need not say there is one who believes every
 word of it. That is Jack Simpkins who
 jumped safely from the Alta on that memor-
 able thirty-first of January and finally found
 his way back to civilization.

   Muriel and Phyllis are at last enjoying
 their long delayed happiness. Together
 Phyllis and Alan, Muriel and I, live hap-
 pily on our beautiful Buena Vista Rancho
 among the hills of the Carmel Valley.

   Often we sit and gaze at that brilliant
 point of light in the heavens that was known
 by the ancients as the Morning and Evening
 Star, and which modern astronomers call
 the planet Venus. And we speak of our lit-
 tle friends and wonder if they are as happy
 as we are. We sincerely hope so.

   Perhaps we shall meet them again in that
 mythical world that knows no strife and
 where all good abounds. Who knows?

END
                                                                                    Illustration by Paul

Then a miracle happens. At both sides of Bob’s car there emerges
wings. The car seems to rear up and rise into the air.

Utopia Island

  By Otfrid von Hanstein

        (Translated by Francis Currier)
     UTOPIA ISLAND

What Has Gone Before

 l77

AN expedition of German scientists to study some
natural phenomena in islands of the Pacific en-
counters a terrific storm at sea and finds it» ship
being drawn toward a terrible reef. But it reaches
the reef safely and finds a man there who introduces
himself as Bob White and who welcomes them as
guests to Santa Scientia. He explains that the ship
was drawn to the reef by remote control. The scien-
tists are taken by undersea railway to a strange city
where they find themselves in elaborate hotel rooms
provided with every device for their comfort. White
explains that some years ago a German scientist
Alesius discovered under these islands a vast Incan
treasure and turned the secret over to a Mr. Cook
to imp for the benefit of humanity. Cook has bought
the island from the local government of Puitu. They
meet Cook who explains that they are in a city of
the future where tremendous experiments are being
tried out in all lines of human endeavor. He begs
the men to remain as guests and investigate what
they are doing.	i

   The visitors investigate the city and find not only
beauty in the planning of it but also incredible feats
of engineering and scientific and medical skill. That

evening they read the history of Santa Seventh* and
how it was established as a place where men of science
might have freedom to work out their pet schemes for
promoting the general welfare of humanity.

  Cook had received the secret of the great Incan
treasure under the island from Alesius and five years
ago kidnapped a number of young German scientists
to help them build this city.

  Into this colony as a stowaway comes Elsa Dorn,
young cousin of Bob White who is chief assistant to
Cook, the head of Santa Scientia. Elsa is given the
job of caring for the mail of the colony. The city
is now only partly buUt and needs -many more capa-
ble technicians and workers to complete it so that it
may be the university of the world.

  Meanwhile on Puitu, the little nation that sold the
Iguana Inland to Santa Scientia, unaware of the In-
can treasure, the president Ferreira is fighting his
enemies who seek to overthrow him. His son Don
Joao, bands together with conspirators to get the In-
can treasure, whose existence they have learned of
from Sam, a negro who had hidden himself on the
Island. They plan to steal onto the island to capture
the treasure.

Now Go On With the Story

CHAPTER XIII.
A Feminist Movement

BOB WHITE was in his office, thinking
for the first time in many days about
his cousin, of whom he had heard nothing
since their first meeting. Guiltily he shook
his head and resolved to speak of her to
Mr. Cook, when he went to his chief in the
next few minutes as was his duty. He did
not even know where Elsa was or whether
she had been given a position.

  He felt the more ashamed when there now
appeared in the glass plate over his desk
an announcement: “Miss Elsa Dorn would
like to see you.”

  “Certainly.”

  He sent back the signal, jumped up, turn-
ed a few cranks, and with decidedly mixed
feelings awaited the entrance of his cousin.
“Good evening, Your Excellency!”

  He passed over the slight mockery.
“Good evening, Elsa! Are you well?”
“All except for the knowledge that you
are a very neglectful cousin, I am doing ex-
cellently, thank you,” replied Elsa.

  “Have you already seen Mr. Cook?”
“Right on the first day. He, was more
concerned about me than you. I have a
position, earn some ill-gotten gains, and am
content, except with you. I have taken over
the care of the mail.”

  “The deuce! I see all right that I am
not an attentive cousin, but if you knew
what this visit of the German scientists
means to us. . . . ”

  “You would see that I now have no time
to talk with a foolish cousin, to say nothing
of bothering about her.” She thus com-
pleted his sentence and sat down, while she
looked at him and laughed.

  “You must excuse my inattention at pre-
sent. You see, you are going to remain
here for quite awhile.”

  “Thank you for your permission, Your
Excellency!”

  “Stop that nonsense!”

  “What is nonsense? It is a good thing
if a person regards life contentedly, does
not get vexed at ungallant cousins, and
takes one’s fate into one’s own hand.”
“Have you already done that here?”
“Of course. Besides caring for the mail
I have already a very important post.”
“What sort?”

  “I am at present—further advancement
of course not excluded—general secretary
of the woman’s club of Santa Scientia.”
‘Think of that!”

  “You do not need to look so funny. In
this new capacity of mine I am now coming
to you officially.”

  “As the envoy of the woman’s club?”
Now Bob laughed out loud.

  “Yes indeed, but please do not, laugh.
78

WONDER STORIES

You see, the woman’s club has determined
to take into its hands the question of the
admission of people and particularly of
women. In consequence of my unanimous-
ly accepted proposals this plan has now
taken on a more definite form. I intend to
save from destruction the work which you
have so excellently carried out.”

  “Very charming of you.”

 “We are indeed
agreed that people, in
fact men and women,
must come here in
great numbers.”

  “In principle, yes.”

  “Then you will not
object to my having
racked my brains about
these matters. Since
I have given myself up
body and soul—do you
hear?—as much as is
possible for me—to
this splendid city of
Santa Scientia, I think
it my inevitable duty
to look after its future
in my own way.”

  She again put on a
half mocking, half
serio-comic expression,
and Bob laughed.

“Very kind of you, but
I think you can safely
leave it to Mr. Cook
and the rest of us.”

  “Oh, no! In real-
ity it is only we wo-
men who have good
ideas.”

  “See here!” White
began angrily.

  “I already have a plan.”

  “Then fire away!”

  “I do not intend to. Time is money.
Why shall I say the same thing twice, since
I now have an appointment with Mr. Cook?
I just wanted to be more cousinly than you
and tell you beforehand, especially since I
am now a sort of feminine Imperial Chan-
cellor of Isabella.”

 44'1T7HAT does—” Bob could not con-
 V V tinue, for again the glass plate
 lighted up. “Mr. White and Miss Dorn
 are expected by the chief.”

   Elsa curtsied mockingly. “See! ‘And
 Miss Dorn’!”

   While the cousins were on their way to
 Cook’s office, the latter was sitting at his
 desk, with Mrs. Helling opposite him.

                   “What do you wish of
                   me?” he asked her
                   politely.

                      “I must speak with
                    you.”

                     “Yes?”

                     “We have founded a
                   club.”

                 “Good! The Na-
               tional Woman’s Club
               of Santa Isabella.”
               “Quite right, espec-
               ially if you leave out
               that really superfluous
               smile. Tilings are not
               progressing as you ex-
               pect. Now we are al-
               most a thousand peo-
               ple here, among us—*
               counting Miss Dorn-—
               thirty-seven women.
               The only marriageable
               girl in Santa Isabella
               is Miss Dorn.”

                       “The deuce, she has
                    plenty to choose
                    from!”

                    Mrs. Helling paid
 no attention to this
 remark. “Then men
 are not content. Af-
 ter all, nature is such
 that men and women
 belong together. You know that requests
 are continually being made by the workers
 to be allowed to return home.”

   “It cannot be permitted at present.”

   “I know, but things cannot continue as
 they are. We have formed a club whose
 purpose is the immigration of eligible wo-
 men into Santa Isabella.”

   “Do you want to do the way the Mora-

fl/U E come now to the\.
  y* conclusion of this
  masterly novel. The first
  installment has been but an
  introduction to the strange
  island of scientific wonders
  where dreams come true.
  Now we come to the smash-
  ing finish in which the
  hates of the envious, the
  greedy and the destroyers
  are massed against our lit-
  tle colony.

    Mr. von Hanstein is not
  satisfied to picture only
  daring instruments of
  science that may transform
  our social and industrial
  life, he transforms sport
  and play also. The sport
  festival of Santa Scientia
  is a triumph of imagina-
  tion, and the ability to put
  great and stirring events
  into words.

    If science wishes for an
  answer to its deepest prob-
  lemt how it can work to
  benefit humanity without
  being involved in the two
  deadly things, “Politics and

kwar”, in this story the ans-
  wer may be found.	^
UTOPIA ISLAND

79

vians used to, get in women and marry by
drawing lots?”

  “Of course not.”

  “What then?”

  “That must be discussed. There are pro-
bably many among the workers who left
fiancees at home.”

  “It is questionable whether these would
suit our basic law of selection in physical
and intellectual respects.”

“A state of bachelors dies out, let Prof.
Weigand prolong life as much as he wants.”
Cook paced back and forth a few times.
Then he stopped before Mrs. Helling. “You
are a brave woman.”

  “Why do you call me brave?”

  “Because you have ex-
pressed what we others
have certainly thought
for a long time. It is the
hardest problem w e
have.”

  “That is why we wo-
men ask to be allowed to
discuss it with the men.”

  “Of course you may.”

  “Then might I ask you
to listen to Miss Elsa
Dorn also. She will put
before you some propos-
als which we have dis-
cussed together. Miss
Dorn has in fact been
unanimously elected sec-
retary and executive offi-
cer of the National Wo-
man’s Club of Santa Scientia.”

  “See here! We seem to have caught a
tartar! * The young lady has been here only
three days, so far as I recall, fcnd here she
already is one of the revolutionists.”

  “On the contrary, she is heart and soul
in our work, but she comes right from the
great world, which we have almost forgotten
already. Your plans are noble; what you
seek to do is magnificent; but with all the
machines we cannot forget that we are peo-
ple who have to be treated as such.”

  “Great! Little Mrs. Helling has changed
and become the opposition party. But here
come the two cousins! My dear White, it
seems to me that your relative is a very

dangerous person.”

  Even the sight of Cook did not intimi-
date Elsa. “On the contrary, you will be
grateful to me, to me and to the whole club.”
“Well what great plans have you? Mrs.
Helling has already explained to me that
you think immigration of women necessary,
and I must admit that this idea has long
been much on my mind. Only all this is
very dubious, and I should not want to set-
tle these questions before having spoken
to the scholars who are now giving us a sort
of examination.”

  “What do men understand about it? We
are agreed that there should be women also
at Santa Scientia, are we not?”

  “Yes indeed.”

  “Very well. We are
further agreed that we
cannot take the first com-
ers but only a choice of
the best people.”
“Certainly.”

  “We women are furth-
ermore of the opinion
that Santa Scientia only
can accomplish its pur-
pose by means of a great
deed which will make the
whole world take notice.”
“Do you know of such
a deed?”

  “Of course. If that all
there is to it!”

  “Then speak please!”

The Age of Sport

i<X\TE live in the age of sport. It is
▼ 1 quite clear that only such persons
belong here as have, without yielding to
senseless extremes, toughened their bodies
in athletics.”

  “Quite right.”

“Then we will open up Santa Scientia
with a gigantic athletic festival, with a meet-
ing of the champions in all healthy sports.”
“Not bad.” Cook shook his head appre-
ciatively.

  “But that is not enough.”

  “No?”

  “It is no use to have here simple contests

OTFRID VON HANSTEIN
80

WONDER STORIES

such as one sees also in Berlin and Frisco.
With your ideas you have revolutionized the
world and have carried out what the boldest
scientists have hitherto dreamed of as uto-
pias.”

  “Not I alone.”

  “Only a fool is modest. You have car-
ried out the work of Prof. Alesius and have
found the right men in your friends. You
are the soul of all.”

  “You are forgetting your cousin Bob.”
Not heeding this, Elsa went on: “Now
you must put sport also on a very different
plane. The simple human strength, which
is used in sport, ought to be increased by
you through technical aids to what is super-
human. With your fellow workers you
must study every type of sport. The mot-
orist must become a flier, the swimmer a
person who masters his element in an un-
dreamed of fashion. All this can be dftne,
if one wants to do it. That is the problem.

  “Think it over and have Olympic Games
in which you show humanity that giants
are battling here. Then invite the whole
world! Put out huge advertisements!
Make me, who have studied such things in
America, your advertising agent! I wager
that a hundred thousand guests would come
at once. Your task will be to amaze these
guests with technical marvels.”

  Elsa Dorn was silent. Bob White was
greatly enthusiastic, and Mr. Cook showed
a serious face. “What you say is not fool-
ish but has excellent possibilities. We will
discuss it. It is hard to make people en-
thusiastic about scientific novelties. But if
wc first get the people here by this (let us
simply say) bluff, then they will also have
eyes and ears for everything else.

  “At any rate, my dear White, I ask you
to discuss this with your friends, I mean
our old fellow workers. Mrs. Helling and
above all Miss Dorn, I thank you very much.
We must set about it so far as possible this
very day, so that when we have a talk with
the new gentlemen tomorrow or next day,
we can make very definite and tangible pro-
posals to them. I thank you again. Dear
White, use the evening to get things going!”
The three left the room. WTien outside,

Elsa executed a grand pirouette. “Well,
how am I getting along?”

  “Fine. If only it can all be realized!”
Bob was still not entirely free from doubt.

  While the two ladies went away, Bob
looked up the visitors, who were now as-
sembled after the day’s work, at dinner in
the so-called casino. There he put the new
plans before them.

  At once Romer chimed in. “You know
that Grotefendt has invented a most remark-
able new auto, and I myself have a very
unique idea about revolutionizing swimming
races, if Vetter will help me out.”

  Vetter nodded.

 “We could also make a mechanical
change in gymnastics, without lessening the
value of it as athletic performance.”

  The Swiss engineer at once put in a word.
“I have always had ideas about this. We
must erect a stadium. Then we could add
electrical propulsion to soccer. Gentlemen,
I am enthusiastic, it is a fine idea.”

  “Of course it must remain sport.”

“What is sport? Good sport is the devel-
opment of the physical ability and the
chance to prove personal courage. That
shall be permitted in the fullest measure.”
“Then to work, gentlemen!”

  “Did you originate this idea, White?”
“No, unfortunately; it was my cousin El-
sa Dorn.”

  While the gentlemen were parting, not to
sleep, of course, but to attack the new prob-
lems with all their might, Elsa Dorn had
reached her room. She felt extremely hap-
py, for she was aware that Cook took her
seriously, and in this hour she felt akin to
the creative men. . . .

THE assistant engineer, Otto Muller, who
was on watch at Cabo Martino, received
a message from an approaching airship:
“Another stowaway on board.”

  “Another girl?”

  “This time it is certainly a man. He had
hidden himself carefully. Was only found
long after leaving Frisco. Unfortunately
he got by the guards.”

  “Is he a bad specimen?”

  “On the contrary, he makes a very good
impression. He is a Scotch-American.”
UTOPIA ISLAND

81

  “Land somewhere and leave him!”

  *‘I cannot. He claims to be a nephew of
Mr. Moller. His name is MacGonnor, and
the fact is that the late Mrs. Moller was
named MacGonnor. He claims he vainly
looked for his uncle in Frisco.”

  “Moller was here, but he has already left
again.”

“The man claims to have led an adven-
turous life. Was long in Java, claims to
have heard accidentally of his uncle, and—”
“Then bring the man along and let me see
him!” decided the engineer.

CHAPTER XIV.
Waiting

THE airship landed. In a short time a
sinewy and determined looking young
man was standing before the engineer.
“What is your name?”

  “MacGonnor. My mother was the sister
of Mrs. Moller.”

  The stranger was brought to Isabella und-
er secure guard by the engineer himself.
MacGonnor was self-possessed and in no way
showed that he was inwardly delighted by
his successful ruse. His papers, which he
had procured in Frisco, were in perfect or-
der.

  Bob White himself brought the stranger
to Mr. Cook. There MacGonnor presented
a few letters that purported to be from Mol-
ler himself. Of course they were forgeries,
but they were so skillful that they deceived
Cook completely.

  “Remain here and consider yourself our
guest. Mr. Moller has gone to Yokohama
and will be back in about a week. Then he
can decide himself what to do with you.”
Cook had become more generous since
he had determined to open soon the block-
ade of the rest of the world. MacGonnor
was given a room in the so-called “hotel”,
a part of the central building, indeed not far
from that of Elsa Dorn. Since he was here
with Cook’s permission and since there was
no restriction established as to his move-
ments, no one observed that he used the
evening hours for looking around in the fairy
city and taking long walks.

  The same evening, when Bob White again
telephoned Alesia, in order to inquire about
the German scientists, they expressed the
wish to be allowed to remain here two days
longer. “We have so much to discuss, and
we should like to come with definite pro-
posals.”

  Bob and Cook were very well satisfied
with this. In the meantime it wotrid give
the other scientists time to think out the
possibilities of the athletic festival more
exactly.

#	* *

  In Puitu the conspirators had been as-
sembled by Don Joao.

  “Tonight we set out. We have word from
MacGonnor. He arrived safely in the city
of our enemies and is waiting for us. I
have hired a swift yacht, which is anchored
a few miles south of the harbor. If we set
out early enough, we can be at the island of
San Salvador by midnight. There we must
remain concealed all day. The next night
Sam will go over to the island of Santa
Scientia with us and we shall again hide
until the moment to strike. We can only
hope that the weather is favorable.”

  They set out in the evening, without hav-
ing aroused the suspicions of anyone in
Guayaquil. The yacht was provided with
weapons of all sorts, and the twenty men,
who had jestingly called themselves “con-
quistadors” after the cavaliers of the days
of Cortez and Pizarro, had determined and
adventurous faces.

  The trip went smoothly. They landed in
a lonely bay on the coast of San Salvador.
They had no need to hide, since no one was
to be seen and they would certainly not be
betrayed by the tortoises and iguanas, the
sole inhabitants of this shore.

  The sea was perfectly calm and the night
quite dark, when they commenced the trip
across in two large boats which they had
brought with them. For years no boats
had approached the coast on that side.

  At midnight they landed on the steep bar
which now divided the old Inca bay from
the sea. Sam first crept cautiously over the
rocky wall and soon returned. “Everything
is all right. The motorboat which usually
82

WONDER STORIES

lies over yonder is moored here at the
shore.”

  The twenty men climbed up and came
down on the other side. Sam started the
noiseless motor. The boat glided across the
little body of water and disappeared
through the gate into the subterranean lake,
long since widened to make a great entrance.
It touched at the far shore.

  “Now you wait here through the day!
I shall sneak into the city and look up Mac-
Gonnor. I shall come back with him to-
morrow night. Then you may act!”

  The negro was right, but it was not easy
for the twenty men to wait there calmly,
while the boat and the black man disappear-
ed in the distance. Only a slight shimmer
of light came through the open rock gate,
and then they no longer saw the boat.

  “We are in his hand.”

  “What if he betrays us?”

  “This American will not pay him any
million.”

  Christobal laughed. “What about our-
selves?”

  “We have at least promised it to him.”
  “For how long are we provisioned?”
  “For two days.”

  “Supposing he does not come back.”
“Then we w/11 act ourselves; but we need
MacGonnor.”

*	* #

DURING the next day the twenty became
still more impatient. One of them, a
Swiss adventurer by the name of Hospenthal,
showed a determined face. “If the negro
does not return, nothing is lost. There is
some wood lying down there which they
brought here. With it we will build a
raft.”

  “We ought to have brought an extra boat.”
They sat by the shore and saved the light
of their lamps, because they did not know
how long they would need it. Close before
them was the black water, while above them
was the dark cave, everything wrapped in
Stygian darkness. The perfect stillness
was uncanny. The men did not speak but
simply stared wide-eyed out into the dark-
ness. No light appeared, and no motor
hummed. From time to time they turned on

one of their lights. They did not even know
whether the water was rising or falling. It
was damp around them, and when the lights
were switched off and the darkness took
possession of them, then it seemed as though
demons from the lower world were groping
for them with ghostly hands.

  Hour after hour passed. The night was
over. The day came, a day bringing no
light to them. Horror was slowly creeping
into the hearts of these men, who were re-
solved to risk their lives in battle with hu-
man beings.

#	# *

  It was again morning. Muller was stand-
ing with Bob, and Elsa Dorn was also in
the room.

  Helling nodded in satisfaction. “I was
worried last night. The motorboat was gone
but now it is there again. I was worried
without reason. Perhaps Mr. Cook used
if.”

  Bob entered Cook’s office. “Mr. Cook,
did you go on the Lake of the Gods last
evening?”

  “No, I just went over to our natural park
a little while.”

  Bob thought it better not to mention the
motorboat. Probably one of the engineers
had taken a little ride without permission.

  On his part Cook asked, “Where is Mr.
MacGonnor?”

  “He must have been dead-tired. He went
to walk yesterday, but today he seems to be
still asleep. No wonder; stowing away in
the ship did not give him a pleasant trip.”

  “Let him sleep. ‘He who sleeps, sins not/
says the proverb.—”

  Elsa Dorn was still in her room. On
this day her work did not start until after-
noon. She did not know why she felt so
uneasy. Perhaps she was the only one to
whom this stranger, MacGonnor, seemed an
object of suspicion. He did not belong.

  She went over and entered the vestibule
of his sleeping room. She herself did not
know why she did this. If he was in his
room, she would say she had made a mis-
take. But the door of the room was still
locked.

She became worried. Could anything
UTOPIA ISLAND

have happened to him? She pressed a but-
ton, knowing that now a loud bell was ring-
ing in his room, which would be bound to
waken the sleeper. Then she held to her
ear the telephonic receiver with which she
could hear any sound. But all remained
still.

  She repeated the bell signal and listened
again. Nothing stirred. Elsa stood and re-
flected. She was becoming more uneasy,
and she did not know what to do. Should
she wait? Or should she call Bob White?
She started, for she thought she heard steps
approaching.

  Bob stood behind her. “You here?”
  “Are you thinking the same as I?”

  “What do you think?”

  “That there is something queer about this
MacGonnor.”

  “Wait a minute! If I press this second
button, the door will automatically open.”
“I did not want to do it, because I am a
girl.”

  “But I will.”

  The door opened. They saw that the bed
was untouched.

  “What now?”

  “I was equally full of doubt. Moller
never spoke to me about a nephew with a
Scotch name. It is another spy.”

  Elsa said anxiously, “Do you think he
took the motorboat?”

  “I do not know. At present I shall say
nothing to Cook but shall keep my eyes
open. I shall tell only Helling and the
assistant engineer Bollman, one of the most
reliable of our new men. * It is well that
the German scientists are not in town to-
day.”—

The Attack Begins

A DAY and a night had passed since the
conspirators had reached the under-
ground lake. It was again night.

  “Our food is coming to an end.”
  “Tomorrow we will make the raft.”
  “MacGonnor has been caught.”

  “Then they would have searched the lake.”
  “I hope we find the landing.”

  “We must look for it and, if necessary,
take it by force of arms.4’—

  Midnight again. Joao seized Christobal’s
hand. “Isn’t that a light over there?”
“MacGonnor is coming.”

  “Or else the enemies, searching the lake.”
The light rapidly became larger. Soon
the motorboat could be recognized, and the
humming of the propeller sounded loud in
the silent night. The men held their loaded
weapons in their hands, ready for anything.
A whistle, a signal!”

  “It is MacGonnor.”

  His voice came to them. “It is I! Be
ready to get on board!”

  The motorboat was at the shore.

  “Be quick! We must get back at once,
the boat must not be missed.”

  They embarked and went back. Then
MacGonnor called, “Here we are.”

  They could already hear the rushing wat-
er which fell into the turbines.”

  “There is the landing.”

  The motor was shut off. The men held
their breath and got out, as quietly as they
could.

  “No one is here. The boat has not been
missed. We are lucky.”

  Stepping softly the conspirators climbed
up, cautiously looked about, hurried into the
open country, and followed MacGonnor to
hide themselves in some bushes, in the dead
of the night. . . .

*	* *

  While the conspirators were entering the
territory of Isabella, Elsa Dorn lay in a
restless half-sleep. This time she had real-
ly dreamed, about strange things, about
secret assassins who were entering the city.
She was unable to remain in bed and so got
up. The next day was sure to bring plenty
of work. Better to get to work now than
to be sleepless and tormented by anxious
feelings.

  She went down to the lower hall, to fetch
her papers, and sat down at the desk for a
moment to go through the portfolios. Then
she started. Voices were about her, soft
whispering voices. Collecting her thoughts,
she understood. In this room a whole sys-
tem of microphones came together, so that
if. was possible, especially in the stillness
of night, to hear from this place every sound,
every conversation in the streets of the oity.
84

.WONDER STORIES

  “It must be done tonight.”

  ‘Tomorrow is too late.”

46/^OME, I will take you to his room.”
Then it became perfectly still, but
Elsa was full of horror. Now she was wide
awake. She ran down the stairs, trembling
at every step, terrified at her own shadow,
and only breathed freely when she saw Bob
White, who was just about to go to his own
room.

  “What are you doing on the street at
night?” v.

  “I was looking for you.”

 “Me?”

  “There are bad people, criminals, in the
city.”

  “You have had a nightmare.”

“I heard them through the microphones.”
“Come in here and tell me!” Bob led
her into one of the now empty offices, con-
vinced that she had simply been dreaming.

  The conspirators were a few yards away
from them in another room. But now no-
one heard their whispering, for the room
with the microphones was now empty.

#	* *

  “What next?”

  The negro Sam was the one who spoke.
“First we must attend to this Benjamin Cook.
I know how. In the central building we
just have to look through the instruction
book, turn the right lever on the car, which
the number of the book tells us, and the
car takes us to him.”

  “He will be guarded.”

  “No, he sleeps all alone in his room.”
Led by Sam, MacGonnor, Christobal, and
Joao Ferreira were whisked through the
passages of the central building.

  Bob White and Elsa Dorn stepped out of
the room in which she had told him all she
had heard.

  “Go back to sleep! It all seems very im-
probable to me, but I shall keep watch
along with Helling, who is near by. I am
convinced that tomorrow you will laugh at
the ghosts you thought you heard.”

  Elsa obeyed him hesitantly, and while
Bob softly went away, she stepped into the
central building. She had just time to hide
behind a pillar, when four figures sneaked

past her. In one of them she thought she
recognized MacGonnor. She wanted to
shriek loudly, but she could not utter a
sound. But then she saw two other forms,’
Bob White and Helling, hurrying along by
the walls, with three others following, she
went to her room with trembling knees. |
Bob had made use of the moment which
had passed after he had left Elsa. To be
sure, he did not believe there was any dan-
ger, but he was cautious. He put a little
whistle to his lips and blew very strongly,
yet no sound could be heard. It was one
of the whistles that many American police
stations have. These produce extraordin-
arily high pitches, so that the human ear
cannot hear them, but they affect very deli-
cate diaphragms worn by those on watch. |
Bob, Helling, and three other men, whom
Elsa no longer could see, softly entered the
government building and saw the four con-
spirators standing at the switchboard.
Knowing what to do, they hurried through
a side passage and went up in one of the
cars, while the conspirators did not suspect
that pursuers were already on their trail
and were waiting for them in the roof gar-1
den.

CHAPTER XV.
Invasion!

MR. COOK, as always, was entirely
alone. He was just about to lie
down. Why should he have guards about
him in Isabella? He was convinced that
there were no criminals in the country of
Santa Scientia.

  The door opened, and three men stood be-
fore him, Joao Ferreira, Don Christobal,
and MacGonnor. The negro Sam had re-
mained outside and was watchfully hiding
among the shrubbery of the roof garden.

  Mr. Cook looked around in astonishment
and did not understand what visitors were
entering his room in the night. “So late,
gentlemen?”

  “We should like to say a few words to
you.”	I

  “Now, so late?”

  “You are not asleep.”
UTOPIA ISLAND

  Cook recognized MacGonnor but still did
not understand. “Who brought you here?”
MacGonnor smiled. “Things are made
easy for a person in Isabella. We only
needed to look up the number of your room
on the list. The fine car brought us here.
Anyway, you are very trusting, my dear Mr.
Cook.”

“How so? I need no fear in Isabella.”
“Undoubtedly your room bristles with
hidden weapons and concealed bell-pushes?”
MacGonnor laughed uneasily while ^asking
this question.

  “Absolutely not. There is no bell-push
here, because when I am here I want to be
undisturbed, and I certainly do not need
weapons.”

  “Not even today?”

  Cook was getting angry at the strange be-
havior of these people. “Please leave me.
If you have some desires, I shall expect
you tomorrow in my office.” He kept cast-
ing questioning looks at Joao and Don
Christobal, not understanding how there
could be in Isabella any faces unfamiliar
to him.

  Now Joao stepped forward. “I am Joao
Ferreira, the son of the president of Puitu.
Don Christobal you must have seen from
previous visits to my father. MacGonnor
has already presented himself to you.”
“The nephew of Mr. Moller?”

  “That has nothing to do with it.”

  Cook was beginning to get nervous.
“Well, what do you want, gentlemen?”
Joao smiled pleasantly. “A little business
deal. Here is a hundred thousand dollars.
Sell me for it your supposed right to the
Iguana Islands and leave the city tonight!”
Cook thought he had to do with lunatics
or drunken men. “Are you going to leave
me alone now?”

  “Oh no, my dear sir! I know that you
cannot defend yourself and that you have
fallen into the snare. Now we will settle
our accounts.”

  “Get out!”

  Mr. Cook was beginning to understand.
He was about to go to the door but saw that
it was closed, that the car was gone, and
that Christobal was pointing a revolver at
him.

  “Hands up or I fire!”

  Before the likewise closed window stood
MacGonnor, also holding a revolver.

  “What does this mean? Stop this com-
edy!”

  “It is no comedy.”

  “What would be the use of your shooting
me?”

  “Enough. As soon as I fire three shots
out of this window, your friends will also
be dead and the machines in our hands. We
are not alone, and we have dependable
helpers.”

 “You ...”

  “Tomorrow there will no longer be a Ben-
jamin Cook or anyone who could call him-
self his heir, no Santa Scientia, but the
Iguana Islands will again belong to Puitu.”
“Then are you cowardly pitiful murder-
ers?”

  “We are men who want to restore what
foolish agreements have given away.”

COOK had regained his self-possession.
“You are ridiculous. Why don’t you
shoot, if you think you can destroy my work
by my death?” He reflected feverishly,
thought of ways to save himself, and real-
ized in this moment that he had been too
trusting.

  “Will you leave the city?”

  “No.”

  “Very well, we are not executioners. If
you will sign something ...”

  “You are murderers.”

  “We will give you five minutes.”

  Cook was perfectly calm. He sought a
way of safety. His thoughts wandered. In-
voluntarily he lowered his eyes. Then it
seemed to him as though he heard a soft
sharp click. He looked up, and the room
was empty. The three men had vanished
without leaving a trace.

  Cook stood a moment as though trans-
fixed. Then he stepped to the window and
opened it. Outside the night was as silent
as before.

  He stepped to the switchboard and press-
ed a button. After some time came the
car with an operator. “Where have the three
men gone, who were in my room? You
must have seen them on the glass plate
86

WONDER STORIES

which indicates the course of the cars.”
“There was no car en route, and I have
seen no one.”

  “No one?”

  “Certainly not.”

  “Very well.”

  Cook was alone again. Had he dreamed
all this? Dreamed that these men attacked
him?

  During the moments that Mr. Cook had
been looking at the floor in desperate
thought, while the villains with raised re-
volvers were thinking only of the fulfillment
of their plan, the door and window had
softly opened. Quick hands encircled the
throats of the criminals. Without a sound
they collapsed and were lifted into the car.
When Cook heard the click of the closing
door, which started him from his thoughts,
the four conspirators—for Sam had previ-
ously been fettered—were already fastened
up and were going under the guard of Bob
and Helling out of the interior of the city.

  Mr. Cook, who knew as little of these
things as of the role which Elsa Dorn had
played, opened the door, went out, con-
vinced himself that the deepest quiet pre-
vailed everywhere, and began to think his
nerves must be weak.—

  The next morning Elsa was uneasily walk-
ing back and forth in her office, when Bob
entered. He showed a face of perfect equan-
imity. “Good morning, Elsa!”

  “Thank God!” Elsa drew a breath of
evident relief.

  “Why say ‘Thank God’?”

  She perceived that he did not want to
speak of the matter, but she knew that the
danger was over.—

  Outside the city the conspirators were
shut up in an old cave, undergoing judg-
ment. Benjamin Cook and all his fellow
workers were assembled. Opposite them
stood the conspirators, bound and guarded
by Chinese coolies.

  “What have you to say?”

  Joao held his head high. “Simply that
we have lost.”

  “At least you are not cowardly.”

  “Why should we deny what you have
seen?”

  “Why did you disturb our peace?”

  “To repair what the government of Puitu
has done. If the job had succeeded, Santa
Isabella would now belong to Puitu and
with it the Inca gold.”

  “You are assassins.”

  “Patriots!”

 “And now?”

  “We are at your mercy.”

  “We will consider your fate.”

  There was only a short discussion, and
then Benjamin Cook said, “We should have
the right to put to death at least Don Joao,
Don Christobal, and MacGonnor. You
wanted to murder me, but Heaven has pre-
vented it. Today you will be delivered to
the government of Puitu, and it may judge
you.”

  The men did not reply. For a moment it
looked as though Don Christobal was about
to rush at Cook, but Bob held him back.—
An hour later a great Zeppelin set out
for the continent. For the first time there
were bound men sitting in it, men with
gloomy faces. They knew that they would
find no thanks at home. The revolutionist
whose stroke fails is doomed.

  Assistant engineer Muller was to take this
human cargo to Puitu.—

A Family Meeting

BOB walked silently into the govern-
ment building and met Elsa Dorn.
“Elsa, I thank you, you saved Mr. Cook.”
Elsa blushed, jumped into a car, and
sped away without answering.

  In the evening the German guests were
brought back from the watering place of
Alesia. Bob himself was the one who con-
ducted them. In Santa Isabella all was calm
again. Except for the guards and the friends
no one had suspected anything of the great
danger which had hovered over them all.

  “Are you refreshed? Have you talked
things over together?”

  “We are enthusiastic.”

  “Then may I ask you to give us your
judgment of the work tomorrow?”

  The gentlemen were again in the guest
room, eating and taking walks an hour in
length in the roof garden alone. No one
disturbed them. In wonderful harmony the
UTOPIA ISLAND

37

light shone through the colored panes of
the windows. Majestic in its unique beauty,
the city of the future lay before them, and
high up on the roofs the night wind was
fanning the palms.

• # * #

  The twenty conspirators were ill at ease
in the big Zeppelin on which they had to
make their return trip under the conduction
of Engineer Muller. Still less pleasant was
the moment when the airship was sinking
before the capital of Puitu.

  Nothing at all had actually happened to
them. They had not even been fettered but
they had simply been stowed in the large
passenger cabin. At first they were fairly
content. They spoke together in Spanish,
after they had convinced themselves that
Muller did not understand this.

  “They are after all great fools, these so-
called prophets of the future. We will wait
until we are high in the air, and then we
will easily settle this one man.”

  The Swiss Hospenthal nodded. “I have
operated airships for years. First we will
go to America, I mean to some lonely
stretch of coast in California. Then we will
be safe.”

  Joao laughed evilly. “I plainly saw them
load in ten gold bars, quite openly, before
our eyes. Probably the Zeppelin is to con-
tinue on, after delivering us. The gold is
not much, but it is something.”

  The airship was sailing over the sea.
They looked cautiously into the pilot cabin.
Mr. Muller was lying in an airchair, asleep.
Apparently the airship was under remote
control.

  “Now is the time.”

  Hospenthal went to the door, but when
he was still about a yard from it, an in-
scription lighted up: “Look out! Elec-
tric current! Dangerous to life!”

  For a moment they stood hesitating, but
then they saw that Muller was now not even
stirring in his chair. Hospenthal shook his
head. “Bluff! Where would the electric
current come from here? Do not be scared!
He stepped further and laid his hand on
the latch of the door. Immediately he
slumped and hung on the door, uncon-

scious. Simultaneously there was a loud
ringing of a bell.

  Muller got up and pressed a lever. Hos-
penthal fell to the floor, and immediately
the lever was moved back again, while the
loud speaker of the microphone used by
Muller sounded forth. “Why ridicule our
warning? This time only a relatively weak
current was on. The man will recover. Now
I have full current in all wires. Anyone
who even touches a wall from now on will
be killed at once.”

  They carried Hospenthal to the sofa. He
had severe burns on his hands, but he re«
covered consciousness.

  With an angry gesture Don Joao threw his
cigarette butt against the door. “These
miserable machines! Truly, nothing can be
done against these men!”

  After that the twenty doomed men sat
together in silent rage, watching the Zeppe-
lin fly over the coast of Puitu and rise to
the mountainous land, the center of the
state.

  Muller was now at the controls, and the
airship swept down in elegant spirals. If
the conspirators had had a last hope of be-
ing able to escape at the moment of land-
ing, this was lost. For they saw that the
whole square was surrounded by soldiers
and that they are coming closer and closer
together. Once they left the cabin—of
course after the current had been shut off
—they were taken to the city under strong
guard, while the Zeppelin rose again into
the air under Muller’s control.

  Now there was at least a little consola-
tion for the conspirators that it was night
and there were no spectators to view the
miserable return of the “conquering heroes.”
They were put in the state prison, a build-
ing erected on some old Inca structures.
It consisted of blocks which now, after cen-
turies, were still so solid and perfectly fitted
that one could not have inserted a knife
blade in the cracks.—

  It was a most peculiar meeting, which the
aged President Ronaldo Ferreira celebrated
with his son in the grey of morning. WTiile
the president stood there with folded arms,
Jcao sat on his stool with a defiant mien.

  “I have had to accustom myself to hav*
88

WONDER STORIES

ing my own son for my enemy, trying to
get my office, but that you should join with
the assassins ...”

  Joao sprang up. “That is not true! I
wanted to ... ”

  “You wanted to murder!”

  “I do not deny it. I wanted to restore
what you lost to our country.”

  “Nonsense! I sold a desert island.”
  “With the millions of the Incas.”

  “Have you seen them?”

  “Not I, but . . . ”

  “That is madness. We searched the is-
and for years. We should never have found
the treasures. Only that Alesius knew the
way, if there was one. But you have acted
like a silly boy. You have sneaked as a
thief into a territory belonging legally to
an American, a citizen of the United States.
You will be to blame, if we have serious
trouble. You were a fool. A band of ad-
venturers is not fit to do anything good.
Now you impose on me the saddest duty of
my life.”

  “What duty?”

  “What befits assassins?”

  “Are you going to ... ”

  “I always shall do what my duty dic-
tates.”

  The old man looked seriously and sadly
at his son. The latter was again sitting de-
fiantly, his head in his hands. The presi-
dent shook his head and went out.

CHAPTER XVI
Exiled!

TWENTY-FOUR hours had passed and
the prisoners, who were each locked in
a separate cell, had learned nothing of their
fate. It was not until the next night that
they were led, all strongly shackled, into a
room of the prison, in which a court had as-
sembled around the person of the president.
He addressed the assembly.

  “I have received a request from the own-
er of Santa Scientia. He wishes that these
immature lads be not punished. Therefore,
gentlemen, you are banished from Puitu.
This very night you will be put across the
frontier. Death is the penalty for any of

 you who again appears in Puitu.” Without
 granting his son a glance, Ronaldo Ferreira
 left the hall. The conspirators drew breaths
 of relief and remained silent.

    The president returning to his palace real-
  ized that he could be thankful for the acti-
  vities of these rash youths. By their deed
  they had put him in a position to exile the
  leaders of the opposition party from the
  land at one stroke.

    He made ready to receive the emissaries
 of the United States. Ronaldo Ferreira was
 not the man to forget his own advantage.
 The United States supported him, and the
 Inca gold, if it had been found again, would
 have ruined him.

*	* *

    In a miserable little harbor saloon in the
 Colombian city of Tucuma the twenty con-
 spirators were again assembled, the Swiss
 Hospenthal having his hands still bandaged.

   “What now?”

   “We have failed. I am going to Frisco.
 My generous father has left me enough to
 be able to travel on a coastwise ship.”

   Joao winked at Christobal and MacGon-
 nor, and they nodded. “We are coming
 with you.”

   “And we?”

   Joao shrugged his shoulders. “I cannot
 help you.”

“You led us into this!” cried one angrily.

    “You were going to get us countless mil-
 lions.”

   “Why did you hesitate? Why didn’t you
 shoot at once and kill the American? Why
 did you let yourselves be surprised?”

   “Are you going to heap any more re-
 proaches on me? I lost more than all of
 you.”

   They drank glass after glass of brandy
 and as their dispute became more and more
 heated they reached for their knives. The
 saloon was full of rough fellows who took
 sides in this drunken brawl. Suddenly re-
 volvers were fired.

Joao leaped up from the floor, tore the
lamp from the wall, and with a quick heave
flung it out of the window. In the darkness
f Joao, Christobal, and MacGonnor utilized
the opportunity to jump from the window.
UTOPIA ISLAND

89

  They ran along the shore. Soldiers came
crying, “What is it?”

  “There is a fight in the Santa Inez sal-
oon.”

  Shots were heard, and loud yelling, then
a great crash. At once a flare of fire could
be seen. The soldiers ran thither, and the
inhabitants of the little city were startled
out of their beds. The brawl had become
a battle. Drunk with brandy, the men of
Tucuma—sailors and rabble—had for some
time been fighting with the strangers.

  Joao, Christobal, and MacGonnor stopped
to get their breath. “We are rid of them.”
“You have money?”

  ‘Enough for the three of us.”

  They walked out of the city and along the
beach.

  “Are we really going to Frisco?”

  “For the present.”

  “And then?”

  Joao’s eyes shone catlike in the dark.
“We’ll have the millions of Santa Scien-
tia.”

  “Bravo!”

  “Sam is again on the island. He will
help us.”

  “He does not know where we are.”

  “I thought it all out, and our chance fail-
ure. I left him an address in Frisco, and
perhaps he will send news there.”

  “I was a fool. Often three men accom-
plish more than twenty. I am going to have
those millions!”

  “Then let us first go to Frisco!”

A WEEK later the three men arrived in
the port of Punta Reyes. They had
meanwhile altered their appearance. Their
beards had grown, they wore old clothes,
and they looked like shipwrecked sailors.
They had also chosen new names, and in
their new characters they found a chance to
work their way toward Frisco on a small
sailing vessel, part of whose crew had de-
serted.

  Even if the captain did wonder at the
clumsiness of the new sailors, he found them
at least willing workers, and since the weath-
er remained favorable, the cruise was sat-
isfactorily accomplished. After all, it had
not been in vain that Joao had taken exten-

sive trips on his own yacht with his friends
in former days.

  In Panama they were paid off, they
changed their clothes again, and a week
later were sitting a little hotel in Frisco,
reading the papers. A feature story told
“How President Ferreira of Puitu Got Rid
of His Enemies.”

  There was a rather mocking despatch re-
counting how Ferreira had expelled his son
from the country, after the latter had again
made himself ridiculous as a treasure dig-
ger on the desolate Iguana Island.

  Another item followed this. “The rebel
Joao Ferreira, who was exiled from Puitu
with his fellow conspirators, lost his life
in the seaport of Tucuma in a low brawl.
Poor Puitu, if such vagabonds were intri-
guing for the presidency!”

  Joao laughed. “We will give them an-
other nut to crack. Just wait!”

  The three vanished from the confusion of
the metropolis. A week later, if anyone
from Puitu had seen the elegant gentleman
with the pointed beard, with hair a little
grey at the temples, who called himself Don
Miguel Almeida, an Argentine who had tak-
en a position with a large automobile com-
pany as a racer—he would not have recog-
nized in him Joao Ferreira. No more would
anybody have noticed a similarity between
the full-bearded bespectacled Scot Maclver-
sen and MacGonnor, or between the brown-
haired, now smooth-shaven Chilean Serao
Argonza and the secretary Don Christobal.

  The two latter gentlemen were regular
evening patrons of the gambling dens in the
port. The negro Sam had not been heard
from.

*	* *

  The scientists visiting the Iguana Island
had known nothing of the night of terror
in which a few murderous villains had near-
ly wrecked the work of Mr. Cook. Cook
and White were as calm as ever the next
day. However, they had established guard
duty at the electric microphones, and in the
central building a troop of armed men was
always ready.

  In the great hall of the central building
were assembled the makers of Santa Scien-
tia. There were perhaps fifty men in all,
90

WONDER STORIES

besides the seven women, and at a special
table of honor were the six members of the
expedition.

  Mr. Cook rose to speak. “We have told
you, gentlemen, that we regard your visit
as that of an examining commission. Here
wc have created quietly a new world. We
have had ample means, but thus far we have
anxiously avoided outside eyes. Now tell
ui frankly, what impression our experiment
has made on you?”

  As the senior of the visitors, Prof. Ortler
replied first. “One question first. Here
you have almost nothing but Germans. We
are a German expedition, but you are an
American. How does it happen that you
put Germans so in the foreground?”

  Cook smiled. “It would seem as though
I wanted to found a German colony here.
I am an American, though after all of Ger-
man descent. We have thus far been work-
ing purely scientifically. Even the city
plan which we have used here has rested on
a scientific basis. Do you not know the
expression, that Germany is destined to be
called the ‘university of the world’?

  “As soon as I need practical tireless work-
ers, which I hope will soon be the case, I
shall get Americans. Our athletic instruc-
tors will be English. In our model indus-
tries we shall bring in Chinese for the care-
ful, personally managed agriculture. Jap-
anese shall teach us the art of preparing
lacquer work. More Chinese in cooperation
with Koreans shall make precious paper.
Italians are to open schools of painting.
Persians will be at the head of our rug
weaving establishments.	f

  “From the savages of the primeval forest
we will learn to observe nature and to make
many plants useful to ourselves. Each na-
tion has its particular gifts; therefore each
shall utilize its gifts in peaceful rivalry in
the great world university of Santa Scientia
and develop them for the good of all human-
ity.

  “We intend to make the entire world one
great unit so that each respects the other
and each learns from the other, so that the
vast tropical forests and the boundless prair-
ies may in the future become granaries, while
industry predominates in the rest of the

temperate zones. Wars will die out of
themselves, and world peace will make
brothers of all men.”

Plans For the Future

DR. Schliiter arose. “I am no scholar;'
I am a man of practical life. Your
great work seems empty, as long as there
are only men here.”

  “It will not be so in the future. Now may
I ask you gentlemen for your judgment?”
said Cook.

  Again Ortler commenced. “I came hith-
er under compulsion, with the intent to cri-
ticize. Yet I am converted. Your attempts
to change barren land into fertile soil by
artificial watering and mechanical cultiva-
tion have been successful, likewise your re-
placing of human labor by machines.”

  Prof. Zolling stood up. “The use of na-
tural volcanic forces is a magnificent idea.
I declare myself ready to cooperate in the
attempts to make Alaska warm by such
means.”

 Van Rhyn nodded vigorously. “You
have shown new lines of development for
electricity.”

  Gumppendorf, the young meteorologist,
chimed in. “You have accomplished some-
thing astounding in the way you influence
even the weather.”

  Frank arose. “I am eager to work with
Prof. Weigand on the problem of combat-
ting old age, and I marvel at your hygienic
equipment.”

  Zolling took the floor. “Yet all that you
have done here is simply a beginning, an
experiment. Now you must make the test
of opening your university to the world.
You must get in new minds and develop
teachers. You must test on a large scale
what you have worked out quietly. You
must turn to the League of Nations. It must
recognize you as a miniature nation. For
if is necessary that this world university,
which is never to be involved in two things,
politics and war, shall not belong to any
existing nation but be an organic whole of
itself.”

 Cook arose. “I thank you. In two
months Santa Scientia will be opened to the
UTOPIA ISLAND

91

world. Mis9 Dorn, as the youngest among
us, will you present your plans to these gen-
tlemen? I have the pleasure, gentlemen, to
present to you the National Woman’s Club
of Santa Scientia, the only woman’s organ-
ization in the world which can boast of
containing all the women of a state. In
these seven young women, of whom Miss
Dorn alone is unmarried, you see all the
feminine inhabitants of Santa Scientia.”

  Now Elsa Dorn stood up. Every eye was
turned to the young lady. At this moment
the six professors saw her for the first time;
and Bob White was rather worried as to
how his young cousin would take her new
position.

  Unconcernedly Elsa looked about. “The
conclusion which I reached was perfectly
natural, because I have just come from the
outside world. Santa Scientia is to be
shown to the world. How can this be
done? Shall we attract here through the
travel bureaus several hundred thousand
tourists, who will stare at us with lorgnettes
and monocles as though we were strange ani-
mals, say ‘Very nice,’ and then depart?

  “Shall we steal more talented people and
be suspected of peonage or slavery? Shall
wc ask the governments to send tiresome
commissions to us? This would be non-
sense. We must make the whole world talk
of Santa Scientia all at once.

  “I am thinking of an athletic festival, a
joyous gathering, a festival to which only
people come who have strong bodies and
clear eyes of vision. Yet it is to be a sport
festival of a unique sort. Our sport shall
show the world in play what we can do
technically. Our guests will see Isabella,
the model city. They will live in our glass
houses, they will breathe the air of our roof
parks, and the wearied ones will recover in
our sanitoriums. Our expresses will take
them through the sea. Our network of lines
and our automatic trains will carry them
through the island.

  “There will be no tiresome going about
as in a museum. Our guests will experience
all that Santa Scientia means for a week and
then return home, having the feeling that
they have spent a week in the future. Then
they will make comparisons, and thousands

will seek admission here, and we shall
choose. Men and women will be welcome,
and the best will fill our now empty indus-
tries, to work under the sound of our indus-
trial music, and the world university will
b\- opened.” Elsa had spoken with enthus-
iasm.

  “A sport festival? Not a bad idea!”
Now Bob White stood up. “May I tell
you what we call sport, what we want to do
in our great arena?”

  He gave a long talk. Every kind of
sport was involved. Occasionally he had
one of his friends explain, Vetter or one of
the engineers, and the longer the talk went
on, the more desirous the scientists became
to hear more.

  Now Cook stood in the middle of the hall.
“I thank you. Tomorrow we shall send out
invitations to all the world. On our own
or on hired ships we shall bring to Isabella
in a single day a hundred thousand guests
from all parts of the earth. We will how-
ever make the condition that the League of
Nations grant us the right of selection and
our own independent management, uninflu-
enced by any power.”

  “And if it does not?”

  Cook spoke very seriously. “I have
pledged myself to use the Inca millions only
for the purpose of benefitting humanity.
Our arrangements give us the possibility of
forcibly removing the island from any out-
sider. Below the treasure chamber, in
which our possessions are stored, is a great
quantity of explosives. At the moment that
they would force me to give Santa Scientia
and the Inca money to avarice or to selfish
politics, I would press a button and blow
myself and the whole island into the air.
But it will not come to that.”

CHAPTER XVII
Preparing!

WHEN Mf. Cook had ended, the six pro-
fessors came forward to press his

hand.

  “Then you will remain as our guests till
the great sport festival?”
92

WONDER STORIES

  Van Rhyn shook his head. “I ask to be
permitted to help.”

  “I too.”

  “And I, with all my heart.”

  That very day the six gentlemen were re-
ceived into the community of Santa Scien-
tia.

  Dr. Schliiter then asked: “What can I
do?”

  “There is a very important post for you,
Doctor. During the period when we shall
have the presence of great crowds we shall
need something which hitherto did not come
into our plans and which I hope we can dis-
pense with in the future. May I ask you
t'; take a number of dependable men from
our workers and create a police force for
Santa Scientia for the festival week?”

  Dr. Schliiter was delighted. It was no
trifling task to be the guardian of public
order in an assemblage of a hundred thou-
sand people.

  An hour later Cook called Elsa Dorn to
his office. He was again quite brief and
businesslike. “You will undertake the ad-
vertising?”

  “Yes.”

  “In the next three days you will invite
the hundred thousand guests, print the pro-
spectuses, send them, and hire the ships for
transporting the people?”

  “Yes.”

  “You can do that?”

  “Yes, Mr. Cook.”

  “Whom do you need for help?”

  “Here, only Mrs. Helling, and in Frisco,
Mr. Moller.”

  “Good.”

  All this would have seemed incredible to
a stranger, but here it was perfectly natural.
A young girl was going to perform, with
the help of a single young woman, a task
which ordinary human judgment would
have considered necessitating an army of
aids. Elsa Dorn knew what she was pro-
mising. She did possess this army of aids,
only these were machines, not people who
tired easily.

  The new converts to Santa Scientia how-
ever, had other work. Machines under their
direction had been at work for some days,

converting into a gigantic arena an incred-
ibly huge piece of land, which hitherto had
been only a lava waste. It was not level-
led, but it was ploughed up, and strange
electric fields devised by Vetter and Van
Rhy were built in and great moving bands
constructed. Others again- were at work
night and day under Grotefendt and the
Swiss in performing other startling things
in the subterranean “Lake of the Gods”,
while still others were preparing a second
place for the soccer games.

  From Frisco came shiploads of machine
parts. Day after day the submarine railway
carried freight trains of furniture, rugs, and
all the things intended to make into a hotel
city the buildings of Isabella.

  One person however was secretly sneaking
about with open eyes and listening ears, able
to elude the observation of Schliiter: the
negro Sam.

  Elsa Dorn had to work feverishly to carry
out the task which she had imposed on her-
self. She had a strange office. A number
of helpful spirits were about her, yet not a
single human being. There stood huge
machines, remarkable automatic typewriters.
She only had to speak into their tubes, and
at once the vibrations of her voice, received
by selenium cells, made the keys operate.
Moreover, these keys again activated ingen-
iously devised typesetting machines, so that
every word which she spoke, which she of
course did with due consideration, immed-
iately appeared as a completely typographi-
cal unit, which was automatically printed
by a printing press.

  Mrs. Helling, for some time her assistant,
operated this press. She had only to press
keys, and at once the impression was auto-
matically made, and thousands and hundreds
of thousands of copies came from the speed-
press, were counted, enumerated, and ar-
ranged. Another pressure of a button, and
the completed printings slipped into mail
tubes, were forwarded by compressed air to
the great airship port. Barely a few min-
utes after Elsa had spoken, the advertising
sheets, on which even illustrations had al-
ready been printed in the workrooms, were
flying over the ocean.
UTOPIA ISLAND

93

BESIDES the use of these machines,
which kept up the work of the new ad-
vertising bureau, Elsa Dorn had another
task, which had been given her previously
and which she likewise managed all alone:
the mail. Each day there were of course
many letters to dispatch, and the number
was now growing larger and larger. It con-
stantly delighted the professors of the expe-
dition to look at this girl at work. She
worked steadily, until finally, after eight
hours of the most intense labor, mental, of
course, clear siren whistles announced over
Isabella and at the same time over all Santa
Scientia the hour of rest, when all the mach-
ines automatically stopped.

  While attending to the mail Elsa sat in a
comfortable armchair and had before her an
apparatus looking like the keyboard of a
typewriter, but which was in reality made
up of a countless number of buttons govern-
ing electric circuits. About her she had a
whole arsenal of machines. Clear up at the
left was a funnel-like arrangement out of
which letters fell one after another on a
moving belt. Of course with every invita-
tion, likewise with any other correspondence
received, only a standard sized envelope
was used. A little knife descended, and the
letter was opened. Two springs seized it,
and it was unfolded. Now it appeared on
the first of the glass plates on the wall,
strongly illuminated and magnified by a
lens. Now Elsa’s work began. Without
any trouble she read the letter, pressed a
button if necessary to turn it, and read on
the other side. Otherwise she connected
another wire and the letter began as it
were to demand its answer automatically, in
case Elsa did not press the button marked
Wastebasket.

  If Eisa pressed the button marked Answer,
the letter glided along the moving belt to the
typewriter, and the latter lighted up. Elsa,
still sitting in her chair, dictated the reply,
which the typewriter took down. A new
pressure of a button, and the completed let-
ter slipped into the machine for folding and
putting in the envelope, while the carbon
copy and the answered letter passed through
a date stamper and went according to the
alphabetical files. The envelope machine

put the letter under a second typewriter,
Elsa dictaated the address, and the letter
went off at the right on the inclined plane
to the postoffice.

  But if they were letters to be answered by
an invitation, other moving belts came into
play. After the letter had been read behind
the glass plate, it was provided with number
and date and then moved to the listing mach-
ine, which at Elsa’s dictation wrote the name
and address in the list of visitors; the num-
ber of the invitation always appeared above
it in large characters. Then an envelope
with the invitation card and the ship card
fell out of a container, went to the folding
and typing machines, and was sent out.

  Elsa had nothing to do but sit in her
comfortable chair, read the large writing on
the wall, and press the various buttons. A
mistake was impossible. If she ever forgot
one of the mechanical steps, then the whole
confusion of belts and wheels, which much
resembled a railroad train stretched along
the wall, simply stood still and a buzzing
sounded until the point neglected was at-
tended to.

  Each letter had to be dealt with exactly
in the order of its arrival, and none could
be forgotten or overlooked. Without over-
working or having to rely on the dependabil-
ity of others, Elsa always had exact know-
ledge of the state of all correspondences.
Only letters which she could not act on her-
self were sent along a special belt to another
container. Then, in the presence of the of-
ficial responsible, it was again put through
the system of belts and machines. Each of
the officials who had a department of Santa
Scientia’s activities under him possessed
such a box, and there was a special mail
day set for each, on which his correspon-
dence was sent out.

  At first, of course, the correspondence
was limited to what was sent to Mr. Moller
in Frisco, for as long as Santa Scientia had
been anxiously protecting its boundaries,
correspondence with other people had been
impossible. But there were often hundreds
of different questions to be settled, hundreds
of orders to be handled. Now Weigand
needed the latest scientific books, and now
shipments of instruments from Zeiss in Jena
94

WONDER STORIES

were required; or from the various factor-
ies, chemicals, machine parts, and lenses of
special kinds were needed.

  Then it was also Moller’s duty to keep
the Santa Scientia scientists informed about
all that was done and discovered in the world
in their specialties. For this purpose Smith

&	Co. in Frisco, known as a great export
house for Asia, had in its offices hundreds
of men, who had not only to inspect, regis-
ter, and pack, but also to read all the news-
papers of the world and to arrange different
articles by subjects. But these men had no
idea that it was not thousands of customers
they served, but merely Santa Scientia.

The World Awaken*

WHEN the letters were completed in the
mechanical mail office of Isabella, in
which Elsa Dorn alone did the work for
which Smith & Co. would have needed more
than a hundred employees, they went
through a machine which affixed the postage
stamps. There were so many letters that,
in order to save time, they were directed
in Isabella to overseas or American firms,
under the name of Smith & Co. in Frisco.
Provided with the necessary American
stamps, because they were apparently sent
from Frisco, the letters automatically fell
into mailbags, which were shut and sealed.
They glided, five hundred to a sack, each
sack being labelled with the name of the
country to which it was going, along mov-
ing belts to the submarine rajlway. On the
island of Cabo Martino they were either put

011	ships or sent by Zeppelin to Smith & Co.
at Frisco as their first stop.

  Now all this was changed. All invita-
tions and all replies to questions went di-
rectly from the island, bearing for the first
time a stamp having on it an owl, the bird
of wisdom, and having the postmark “Santa
Scientia.”

  While all the world in astonishment raised
the same questions: What is Santa Scientia?
Where is Santa Scientia? How was it pos-
sibly for Santa Scientia to originate with-
out mankind’s noticing it?—while this was
going on, postage stamp collectors also got
greatly excited, and the stamps with the owl

brought high prices at all stamp sales. This
too was a remarkable matter. Stamps from
a country of which no one knew anything!
Formerly, as has already been remarked,
letters were never sent directly from Santa
Scientia. Even now, at least, a stamp of a
known country would have to be put, but of
which country? Santa Scientia no longer
belonged to Puitu, for it had been sold to
Cook. The use of an American stamp
would have been equivalent to recognizing
a higher authority. So Mr. Cook had de-
posited a large sum of money with the cen-
tral office of the International Postal Union
and had made his application to the League
of Nations to be recognized as an indepen-
dent state. In embarrassment as to what
to do, the Postal Union in view of the money
deposited, allowed use of Santa Scientia
stamps until the League of Nations should
make its decision.

  While the uproar was daily increasing
all over the world, Elsa Dorn again had
peaceful days. The invitations had been
sent. A hundred thousand ship’s tickets had
been mailed to those whom Elsa had selected
together with the Festival Commission, com-
posed of Bob White and Mr. Cook.

  Now there were only replies of regret to
send out to the unsolicited applications to
attend the festival which arrived daily, and
for this even Elsa Dorn herself was hardly
necessary. All these letters were answered
with a stamped reply, at least all that went
directly, for most applications came via
Frisco.

  In Isabella, however, work was being
quickly accomplished. There was an in-
credible amount to be done. Iron cranes
moved their giant arms, to surround the
arenas with grandstands and to built into
the roads the strange machines, in whose
putting together and testing Prof. Vetter
was vieing with his colleague Van Rhyn.

  The orders received by Smith & Co. were
strange and different from previous ones.
“Please deliver five hundred first class
cooks and a hundred perfectly reliable wait-
ers. Within ten days one hundred thousand
brass beds with all the fittings. Fifty thou-
sand kegs of first class oysters. A million
pounds of meat of all kinds. Twenty thou-
UTOPIA ISLAND

95

sand hundredweight of butter. A million
cans of preserves of all sorts.” There were
fabulous orders, and before Cabo Martino
it looked as though a naval fleet were at
anchor. The ships came so fast that only
the ingenious loading machines avoided
great loss of time.

  The only ones unaware of the entire hub-
bub were the physicians Weigand and Frank
in quiet Alesia. While Weigand had charge
of the sickrooms increased a hundredfold in
size, Frank, now chief surgeon of Santa
Scientia, was busy getting everything ready
for any surgical cases which might come up.
He established for operating a hospital such
as he might have imagined in dreams but
certainly had never expected to realize.

MR. COOK, always accompanied by
Bob, showed himself a clever organ-
izer. The Chinese occupied newly erected
barracks, and all the houses of the city were
changed to hotels, while in the basements
giant kitchens were installed, operated, of
course, with electric power. For each trade
a model establishment was set up. After
the years of creating Santa Scientia in a
retiring scholarly atmosphere this sudden
change was like a refreshing bath, and the
whole island was in a whirl.

  While the cooks were arriving and the
entire personnel was being trained in elect-
rical operation under Mr. Moller, Elsa
Dorn had a new idea. She asked Bob: “Did
you think of the music?”

  “The music while working?”

  Elsa laughed. “That also, but I was
thinking of dance orchestras.”

  “Dance?”

  Bob looked at her in surprise, and she
laughed. “Do you want the hundred thou-
sand to get bored in the evening? Don’t
you know that dancing is a sort of sport?”
Suddenly it seemed to Bob as though he
saw a vision, he saw himself dancing. It
seemed to him like an almost forgotten re-
minder of long past days. Elsa was stand-
ing before him, humming a melody. Invol-
untarily his feet twitched. “Right, Elsa, we
must dance, too.”

  A telegram went to Frisco. “Ten picked
orchestras, deliverable at once.”

  They arrived, but there were no orchestra
rooms for them in the arenas. The sound-
proof transmitting rooms were arranged in a
building, in which the orchestras played.
These were specialized orchestras, so to
speak, one just for marches and such inspir-
ing compositions, another a violin orchestra
with soloists, another a jazz band, a waltz
orchestra, a gypsy orchestra, an orchestra
for wind instruments, and so on.

  Now it was easy, both for the foremen
in the work rooms, and also for the ath-
letic directors, the recreation leaders, and
the hotel directors. Out of the various loud
speakers the music could be brought any-
where by just pressing a lever. Suitable
music could be chosen for any occasion.
On the other hand, by alternating the orches-
tras a varied concert could be made up.

  Thus Santa Scientia prepared itself with
all its might for its great festival.

CHAPTER XVIII
On To Santa Scientia

ON one and the same day there was a
sensation in the cities of America, Eur-
ope, Asia, Africa, and Australia. There
were huge advertisements in the papers,
immense advertisements in public squares,
and men carrying through the streets great
placards with colored pictures.

“Isabella, the newly arisen city on the
Iguana Islands, is opened to the world!”
“The greatest sport festival in the world
in Isabella, the capital of Santa Scientia!”
“The city of knowledge and the home of
scholars invites you!”

  “Championships of the world will be de-
cided at the Olympic Games in Santa Scien-
tia!”

  “Santa Scientia, the city of the future!”
Every advertisement was adorned with
fantastic pictures. In them could be seen
immense skyscrapers of glass, towers which
radiated a fairy light into the world, wild
desolate landscapes with giant iguanas and
an electric power plant as well; grottoes
with fairy lighting, containing shining stal-
actites and crystal-clear water in which
swimmers were competing; strangely made
96

WONDER STORIES

railroads going through the desert; flying
autos and moving streets; and motion pic-
tures showing a desert which before the
eyes of the spectators became covered with
luxuriant groves of palms, while a city vis-
ibly grew out of the wilderness.

  All this was Santa Scientia. Was it a
miracle or a vast swindle? The whole world
spoke of nothing else. At the same time all
sporting organizations of the whole earth
received invitations.

  “The greatest sport festival since Nero!”
“An arena, in which a hundred autos start
side by side!”

  ‘The greatest soccer competition!”

  “Flying meet!”

  “Sport of the future!” -
  “Flying men and autos!”

  From all sides questions were asked, and
the answer was always the same: “In fact
we have no detailed knowledge as yet, but
we are ourselves going to Isabella.”

  It was advertising such as the world had
never seen. Wireless messages sped across
the ocean. Telegraph officials sent them
with doubtful shaking of the head, and in a
few hours the replies came back.—

  The League of Nations held a meeting in
Geneva. There was a man present whom
no one knew, a simple “Mr. Moller”, the
emissary of Santa Scientia.

  “Santa Scientia is the citadel of the
world peace. It is invincible and centuries
ahead of the world. It desires no war but
will always help any nation that guiltlessly
suffers.”

  “Where is Santa Scientia?”

  “In the Iguana Archipelago.”

  “Then it belongs to Puitu?”

  “No, it is an independent state.”—

  The following notice appeared in all the
newspapers on earth: “The League of Na-
tions has resolved to send a commission to
Santa Scientia. The sport clubs in Lon-
don, Berlin, Paris, Brussels, Rome, Calcut-
ta, Bombay, New York, Chicago, San Fran-
cisco, Tokio, Sydney, Hongkong, Madrid,
Lisbon, and Cape Town have decided to
take part officially in the Santa Isabella
festivities. The automobile factories of the
whole world are working feverishly.”

  A week later new placards and advertise-

ments were to be seen. “Forty thousand
guests reported. Who Is is coming to Isa-
bella?”

  Another week it read: “Sixty thousand
guests reported. On to Isabella!”

  What a city that must be! Sixty thousand
guests! Were these actually guests of the
country? What city could lodge sixty
thousand guests, unless it was great and
powerful? Everywhere doubtful faces were
seen. Was it an incredible bluff?

  New reports came. “One hundred thou-
sand guests. The lists are closed. All the
steamers of the North German Lloyd, the
Hapag, the Woerman Line, the English,
American, and Japanese companies have
been hired. For two weeks or more all other
ocean travel will be suspended. All steam-
ers are going to Isabella, that is, those that
have first class accommodations. A hun-
dred thousand persons from all over the
world are to arrive on one and the same
day. A million made application, and one
hundred thousand of them were selected,
prominent men and women from all circles,
who have given proof of their personal abil-
ity—statesmen, merchants, scholars, me-
chanics, and also especially able workmen.

  “In the- seaports there is great crowding.
Each one who received an invitation card
has free maintenance in a first class hotel
and a free ticket for the ship. Isabella is
the sole topic of conversation on earth. The
times for departure are given exactly. A
special luxurious yacht is carrying the re-
presentatives of the League of Nations and
the European diplomats. For weeks the
name of Isabella has displaced all other in-
terests in the world.”

OF COURSE the remarkable advertise-
ments of Santa Scientia had appeared
in San Francisco as well, and here in par-
ticular a general uneasiness had taken pos-
session of the people. How was it possible
that on the desert Iguana Islands, which af-
ter all were not so far from California, such
a sport undertaking could have been ar-
ranged, without anything having been known
of it? And just why was the place called
Santa Scientia? After all, what had sport
to do with “Sacred Knowledge”?
UTOPIA ISLAND

97

  Many steamers altered their courses to ap-
proach the Iguana Islands. But as soon as
they came near, they had the experience of
the airships which tried the same thing
thing: they were simply turned away by dis-
tant control. Their steering apparatus re-
fused to work. Now it was as though the
island were a magnetic mountain, which
repelled everything which wished to ap-
proach it.

  Other notices appeared and were distrib-
uted especially in all the seaports of North,
Central and South America. “There is
urgent warning not to try to enter Santa
Scientia and the city of Isabella before the
day of our festival. No uninvited persons
will be permitted to land.”

  Day by day, as all this aroused the idea
that there was some mystery about the whole
affair, the more curious everyone became,
although most people were still convinced
that at the last moment the whole Olympiad
at the Iguana Islands would prove to be a
great hoax. There were three people in
Frisco who had their own ideas: Don Joao
Ferreira, who under the name of Don Mi-
guel Almeida was an incredibly rash auto
racer; MacGonnor, now named Maclversen,
and Serao Argonza, into whom Christobal
had changed himself. The latter pair, as a
matter of fact, had sunk by degrees and
were making their living in the habor sal-
oons as notorious bilkers and cheats.

  But Don Joao had still preserved some of
his former polish, and his ambitious heart
had not yet given up his plan of returning
to Puitu and of playing a prominent part
there. Therefore he did not entirely give
up his connection with the two comrades
who had so come down in the world. After
all, in the case of a bold stroke, every keen
knife was welcome.

  In the evening, after the first high tide

01	astonishment as the Santa Scientia adver-
tisements had reached Frisco, Joao met the
two. “Did you read it?”

  Christobal shrugged his shoulders. “What
is that to us? Now everything is too late.”
“Or perhaps it is not.”

  They walked along the shore outside the
city, not far from the rock from which the

 Cliff House shone down with its bright
 windows.

 Joao had looked around several times,
 and MacGonnor asked, “What is the matter?
 Are you seeing ghosts?”

 “It seems to me as if somebody were
 sneaking after us.”

 “We are all alone.”

 “Not entirely, gentlemen.”

 The three started, for suddenly a person
 was standing beside them. He had appear-
 ed so suddenly from the rocks that they
 could not help trembling.

 “Good evening, gentlemen.”

“Sam?”

 “Of course.”

 “How did you get to Frisco?”

 “Over the water.”

 “Have you been here long?”

 “Since yesterday. I came as a stowaway.
 It wasn’t at all easy to travel over the ocean
 for eight hours under the hull of a Zeppe-
 lin, just swaying between some ropes.”
 “What are you looking for here?”

 “You, gentlemen.”

 “What is up?”

 “Now is the time.”

 “For us?”

 “Yes, if you still have courage. Yester-
 day I hoped so, and to-day I know it.”

 “At the so-called sport festival?”

 “All Isabella is in a whirl.”

“And now?”

 “Not now, but at the festival. Don Joao,
 yesterday I saw you at the great auto race.

 I	have a plan.”

 .“Don’t tell me here. We will go to my
 room.”

“We Are Ready!”

 THE four sat together, and Sam revealed
 his plan. “I have sharp eyes. I got
 your letters, but I did not want to write.
 Nobody will recognize you in all the crowd.
 Here I have what we need. Hese are four
 invitation cards, which I stole along with
 the tickets. They are for four different
 steamers, one leaving from Frisco, one from
 Panama, one from Lima, and one from Los
 Angeles. You have nothing to do but be
 at the piers at the right times.”
98

^WONDER STORIES

  **€00(3; that is how we get to Isabella.
But what are we to do there?”

  “I know, since I saw you in the race.
This Bob White, who is now all powerful
in Isabella, is starting in the auto races. He
actually is a fine driver, but you are better
and bolder, and I know that also Mr. Mac-
Gonnor and Don Christobal are fine drivers
and have probablycnot forgotten their skill.
Besides, you have three weeks to train.”
“But what good is this?”

  “All three of you will take part in the
auto race. You will draw lots—one of you
is to crash into Bob White’s car. Certainly
that one perhaps may lose his life, but Bob
must be destroyed.”

  “What good will it do, if Bob White is
killed?”

  “There will be a great excitement. It
will be easy to stab Cook in the confusion.
Bob White always carries the key to the
treasure vault, and he will not leave it off
even in the race. Don Christobal and Mac-
Gonnor will rush to the site of the accident
—that is, in case Don Joao is the one driv-
ing, otherwise the two who are not taking
part. It will be easy to get there first, be-
cause only these two will know what
is going to happen. While I kill Cook,
the others will take the key from Bob, cry
out for doctors, mix in with the crowd, and
run to the treasure vault. I know the pass-
word; I heard it.

  “Of course I shall be there too, and dur-
ing the excitement about the accident, in
the general confusion, nobody will of course
pay any attention to us or to the treasure.
We will take what we can, filling our
pockets with gold and jewels, taking the
cash which is kept there in great sums and
fill our suitcases. Then we will quietly go
back to our rooms and wait to see what
happens. Even if one of you comes to
grief, I mean the one who runs into Bob
White, nobody will suspect you, since no-
body will know that you three belong to-
gether, for you will not see oije another in
Isabella.

  “Probably the games will be stopped and
the strangers will leave. The more quietly
you behave, the less suspicion will fall up-
on you for leaving also. There are no cus-

  toms inspections, and so no one will inves-
tigate your baggage. If we are clever, we
can secure millions. Yes, we can perhaps
return there again later. The Santa Scientia
project will be destroyed for Cook and White
are the soul of the whole thing. I myself
will disappear and come to you; I will find
you all right, just as I found you this
time.”

  Don Joao looked up. “The plan is not
bad.”

  MacGonnor shook hife head. “I have not
driven a car for months.”

  Christobal made the same remark, adding,
“I don’t think I would be skillful enough.”
Joao smiled contemptuously. “We need
not draw lots; I will drive. I think I am
a better driver than this Bob White. I will
drive into him in such a way that his car
will be hurled out of its course, without
anything happening to me. It will look as
though, through some mechanical defect, I
lest control over my car. I won the cham-
pionship of California here and I am not
afraid of Bob White.”

  Sam nodded in vigorous approval. “I
knew that.”

  Joao went on, “I am risking my life, and
you only have to steal. Probably you can
do that all right.”

  “Senor!”

  The two stood up, but he waved them
back. “I do not need you. Five parts for
me, two for Sam, and one and a half for
each of you.”

  “That is .... ”

“That is fair. I risk the most. Sam
brings the plan. If you are not willing—
well, trash like you I can find where I will.”
Christobal nudged MacGonnor. “After
all, we are risking little.”

  “There is much to be gained.”

  “I will do it.”

  “Madre de Dios, it is cheating us, but I
am ready.”	,

  Joao saw the two exchanging glances, but
Sam nodded to him. “I have them in my
hand.”

  “All right, so be it!”—

  The same night Christobal travelled to
Lima, MacGonnor to Los Angeles, and Sam
to Panama. It was decided that Joao should
UTOPIA ISLAND

99

quite openly take part in the Olympic
Games as the California champion Almeida.

IN ISABELLA the feverish excitement was
increasing from day to day. Elsa Dorn
went about with a smile of proud satisfac-
tion. She was really the originator of all
this new activity.

  The engineers were working everywhere.
Actually, the many new arrivals, the cooks,
waiters, and musicians, were rather disap-
pointed. When they wanted to watch the
preparations, they found all the arenas
fenced off in a wide circuit by wire net-
work, with warning signs everywhere:
“Danger! Electric current!”

  They also had little time, for the cooks
especially had to learn their art all over
again. However, they were enthusiastic
about the kitchens. They were relieved of
the real work. They had the strangest
machines and devices: water, which auto-
matically flowed into kettles; kettles, which
pushed themselves onto the electric heating
plates; current, which shut itself off as soon
as the water came to a boil; cocoa, which
at the appointed time and with the right
amount of sugar flowed into the water with-
out human attention; stirring spoons, which
descended into the liquids and agitated
them; and many other things.

  The foods requiring no sampling and
tasting, they mixed themselves all alone. Of
course bread was automatically mixed and
baked. Then it was pushed onto moving
belts, which took the loaves to machines
which sliced them. The slices moved on,
until other machines buttered them and still
others put on the automatically-cut filling
for the sandwich. There were likewise
moving belts which fetched from the cellars
bottles of wine indicated by pushing but-
tons, uncorked them, and put them in cool-
ers.- How else would it have been possible
for so few cooks to provide all the meals
for one hundred thousand people! Moving
belts also carried the food to the long tables
and replaced most of the waiters.

  In the meanwhile the previous inhabitants
of Isabella, who aside from their scientific
activity had always gone in much for ath-
letics, were divided up and apportioned for

the different competitions. Bob White was
to take part in the auto racing. He was
at the great arena almost all day, practicing
with the car which Vetter and Grotefendt
had manufactured in accordance with a bold
idea of Cook’s. The young assistant engin-
eers played soccer, practiced gymnastics,
and formed a swimming team. Elsa Dorn
drilled the six other young women for fem-
inine parts in the activities.

  It was strange that in the practicing of
each of these forms of sport either Vetter
or Van Rhyn or one of the younger elec-
tricians was always present, testing out ex-
tremely and peculiar apparatus, constantly
changing and making improvements, as
though there were great and difficult prob-
lems of science to be solved here.

  The nearer the festival came, the more
content all the faces became. Now the
most intelligent of the Chinese had to learn
to carry on the industrial processes for a
time. They were already accustomed to do
their work to music. A “foreman” sat at the
control buttons choosing the music in the
loud speaker for each work according to
the proper tempo. It was astonishing how
this music affected even the Chinese with
their oriental calm.

  Meanwhile Moller had returned to Frisco.
Dr. Schliiter had organized a regular police
school and was training five hundred Chi-
nese as guards. But Mr. Cook was the brain
of the whole thing. He hurried from one
place to another, saw what was lacking,
tirelessly sent telegrams to Frisco, and kept
the offices of Smith & Co. working hard,
until at last the final evening came.

  Ready! A tour of inspection took place.
The six newly-arrived gentlemen, who had
now become inspired adherents, the former
founder of Santa Scientia, and the women,
among whom Elsa Dorn was of course one,
had made a general try-out of their parts
in the program. Now, in a mood of ap-
proaching success, they were walking
through the roof gardens. These had be-
come a huge park,—a park high in the air,
in which brooks fed by pumping stations
flowed under the palms and between bloom-
ing orchids and other tropical plants. Up
from the palm groves rose everywhere the
100

WONDER STORIES

glass halls of the uppermost recreation
rooms, which here looked like pavilions on
level ground, though they actually were the
eleventh stories of buildings.

  There was a magnificent look to the street
crossings, at which ornamental bridges
spanned the spaces between. Particularly
the great space before the central building
was immeasurably beautiful.

  They looked down at the glass fronts pf
the rows of houses. Street lighting would
have been useless, for everywhere the light
shimmered from the space between the dou-
ble windows, spreading equal brightness
within and without. The colored windows,
which had hues according to the work to
br done in the rooms, had been so arranged
that there was a wonderful symphony of
color.

  From the roof gardens the brooks plunged
over gaily lighted glass cascades in magic
waterfalls, collecting again below in lakes
and brooks. The arising moisture and the
constantly flowing stream of ozone gave to
this night a delightful freshness; while a
few kilometers away on the nearest islands
there existed an intense intolerable heat.

  When the gentlemen had finished their
walk, Mr. Cook said with a contented smile,
“We are ready. Now let our guests come!”

CHAPTER XIX
The Landing

THE great day dawned, the day which
was to bring a hundred thousand guests
and the commencement of the festivities.

  Most of the guests had been skeptical of
the whole thing up to the last moment, but
had changed their opinions only when it
was stated in the papers that all trans-
Atlantic sailing was suspended for two
weeks. The most beautiful and the greatest
steamers of all companies were chartered by
Santa Scientia. Each of these, of whatever
origin, flew in addition to its native flag
a gold banner having in the center an owl,
the symbol of knowledge, and the inscrip-
tion “Santa Scientia.”

Even now few knew exactly where Santa
Scientia was, and no information was pro-

vided. The times of departure of all thg
ships were so arranged that every steamer
must arrive at Cabo Martino at exactly a
predetermined time on the same day.

  The excitement of the passengers was in-
describable. After they were on board, af-
ter the journey was actually commenced, af-
ter they had been most magnificently at-
tended by stewards wearing golden sashes
with the arms of Santa Scientia, there could
be no more suspicion of an American bluff.
These very ships must have cost vast sums.

  It was a great sight when whole fleets
approached Cabo Martino at the same time
from all directions. On the leading ship,
a luxurious yacht, could be seen the banner
of the League of Nations beside the flag of
Santa Scientia.

  There were amazed and disappointed
faces, when nothing could be seen but a
bare reef with wild surf tossing about it.

  “Then is this all a swindle?” asked the
guests.

  The ships stopped. This produced new
mysteries. The captains and other officers,
who of course were initiated into the secret
and knew that novel electrical apparatus
was installed beside their engines, left the
bridges.

  A cry of horror went through the crowds.
The ships, seemingly without control,
again began to move, gliding nearer and
nearer to the rocks. Many ran to the life
belts, but the captains showed smiling faces.
“We are in the sphere of the distant control
of Santa Scientia.” Yet even the sailors
viewed with anxious faces the approaching
reefs.

  Now there appeared on the reef a single
man. He had belted on a balloon filled with
helium, as is frequently done for sport at
American athletic festivals. With it he
sprang into the air and in a bold leap he
reached the deck of the foremost ship.

  “Welcome to Santa Scientia!”

  “Is that Santa Scientia?”

  There was general wrath. But the man
called through a megaphone, “Just wait!
This is only the harbor.”

  Two hours later the first forty thousand
were entering the giant arena. The first
ten steamers, of which each had brought
UTOPIA ISLAND

101

four thousand guest9, had steamed back
upon the high sea to make room for the next
ten. And these forty thousand people, who
were looking about with enthusiastic faces,
as though they were transported into a new
world, had experienced so much in these
two hours that they were hardly able to
collect their thoughts.

  The excitement of the guests reached a
climax. Ever new throngs passed out of the
wide-open gates of the cars. Ship after
ship was landing passengers in the harbor
at Cabo Martino. The submarine trains
went back and forth incessantly. In the
outer roads lay more and more new steam-
ers, bringing guests. In amazement they
looked at the great boats which silently and
without crews glided to the sides of the
ships. Soon all were getting accustomed
to the marvel of the automatic distant con-
trol. How smoothly it all went! One boat
waited for another. Incessantly the glass
plates lighted up: “Get in!—Please stop!—
Full!”

I Automatically the doors of the cars open-
ed and shut again. The number of those
who might enter was always counted ex-
actly. There was nobody present to look
after the crowds. Machines regulated the
vast traffic—but not really the machines,
rather Helling, who was their heart and
brain. He sat in a little subterranean cell.
Continually the glow lamps and inscrip-
tions lighted up before him.

   “Train en route.”

   “Five hundred in the cars.”

  “Five hundred more landed.”

   “Five hundred left steamer.”

  Everything moved with perfect regular-
ity. When a steamer was rid of its passen-
gers, then a signal sounded. In answer to a
lever pressure the ship moved aside, and
another came on. Not an anchor fell. Shak-
ing their heads, the captains had to obey
the orders given them by the engineer who
was on board. Each time a ship was emp-
tied, the captain got back his command and
could seek an anchoring place under his
own power. The engineer however pressed
a button on his leather suit. Behind him a
large balloon swelled out, filled with an ex-
tremely buoyant gas, which at the proper

moment was formed from chemicals in the
interior of the casing through a new dis-
covery of Van Rhyn. A moment to test it,
and then the man, supported by this bal-
loon, sprang to the amazemeVit of the on-
lookers from one steamer to the next be-
hind it, which was already obeying distant
control and was moving to the stopping
place of the one before it. Here he again
took over the command, as though his leap
were the most natural thing in the world.

HELLING conducted as though on a
typewriter the landing of the thou-
sands, who had to obey the commands of
his machines.

  Five hundred went down in the elevator.
Automatically gates were opened. A hun-
dred could go through one of these. Each
person entering set a calculating device in
operation. . When there was a full hundred,
the door gently closed, making entry impos-
sible for others and moving the next ones
on a gliding belt toward the second gate.
Each hundred found itself before the open
door of the car, and each found a seat in the
car.

  At once everything was understandable.
It would not even have required the voice
of the loud speaker, which kept calling
warningly: “Enough! Please take the mov-
ing belt to the next door!”

  In half a minute the five hundred were
settled. The train slipped into the tunnel,
and immediately another stood ready be-
hind it. Five hundred emerged from the
gates, another five hundred entered the ele-
vators, another five hundred were landing,
while yet another five hundred were leaving
the steamer. In a single hour thirty thou-
sand people sped through the tube of the
submarine railway to the city of Isabella.
In three and a half hours the hundred thou-
sand guests were there. Now everybody un-
derstood why it was so arranged that the
steamers arrived at exactly the same time,
why no one was allowed to land earlier. It
was the first victory of Isabella. A hundred
thousand guests, and not a single person
who gave orders to them, except one man
who gave instructions on board.

  The huge grandstands about the vast race
102

WONDER STORIES

track were filling with guests. Each time
a train came in the doors opened. In a few
seconds the people were arranged on the
moving bands. The first hundred were al-
ready going on them up the oblique pas-
sages, while the last ones were leaving the
ears, following the instructions of the loud
speakers and the routes indicated by signs.

  A half minute stop, and then the five hun-
dred had left the train. This went on a
turntable and reached the tunnel going
back, while its five hundred passengers were
riding up the moving bands to the grand-
stand gate and the seats intended for them.
They saw nothing of Isabella, only this
mighty race course, which was arranged to
be readily seen from everywhere. Of course
they had to wait and spend the first two
hours in their seats. But what there was to
see in these two hours! Moving bands went
past their seats, carrying refreshments,
fruit, sandwiches, cakes, fruit juice. Pro-
grams were in every seat.

  It was approaching evening. Round about
towered the high glass structures, these
glass towers forming the upper stories of
the factories. They were giving out light
at bright as day. The air was pleasant, not
too warm, not too cold. Was this the desert
of the Iguana Islands?

  All of these many thousand, who had
come from all parts of the world to dedi-
cate the stadium of Isabella, felt as though
there were something miraculous about it.
Still nobody had appeared. No solemn
speeches were heard, only strange music re-
sounding, equally strong everywhere, yet
without an orchestra in sight.

  Even the great race track was perfectly
empty.

  Bob stood in his stall, dressed in a close
leather jacket and wearing goggles. In-
wardly he was somewhat excited, though
he was outwardly calm. In vain his friends
had asked him at the last moment not to
start.

  The hundred auto racers from all parts
of the world, who were to enter the great
race with him, were already guests of the
city, though they had not seen it. They oc-
cupied hotel rooms under the grandstands,
where their garages were also located, and

 they were allowed to practice on the track
 at will, only the city was closed to them.
 They were picked auto racers, champions
 of all the countries on earth.

 A remarkable race was to begin. There
 was no examination of machines, and there
 were no restrictions. Each driver was al-
 lowed to have two mechanics, and each
 might use any car he preferred.

 Don Joao had also arrived with his
 friends. None of them had seen the others,
 though each of them had seen Sam and
 spoken with him, learning that all three were
 ready.

 Don Joao was deadly pale and had a
 gloomy determined face. The last two
 weeks in Frisco he had hardly left the track
 and had made wild records. He had run
 into no less than ten cars in his uncanny
 trips, without anything happening to him-
 self. He was certain of his success. Now
 it appeared to him almost a special triumph
 that here, in the presence of the whole world
 he could take his revenge for the disgrace
 that Cook had imposed on him.

*	* *

 Elsa Dorn made her way through the
 crowd and reached Bob’s stall. He was
 ready to start and had a gay smile on his
 face.

 “Bob!”

“You here? I have no time now.”

 “You must listen to me.”

 “After the races.”

 “Then it will be too late.”

 He saw that she was excited. “What is it
 then?”

 “You must not start.”

 “Why not?”

 “It will be your certain death and the
 ruin of Santa Scientia.”

 “You are imagining things.”

 “Don Joao is here.”

 “The former assassin?”

 “The same.”

 “Impossible. You gave out the tickets
 yourself.”

 “He is here and is starting in the auto
 races. He certainly plans evil. He is the
 leader of the California group.”

 “Nonsense! I know definitely that he
 is the noted racer Don Miguel Almeida.”
UTOPIA ISLAND

103

  “Almeida is Don Joao. He is disguised
and has a different beard, but I made his
acquaintance too clearly before. He i3 Don
Joao.”

  “You are mistaken.”

  “I swear it.”

  “Does Dr. Schliiter know about this?”
asked Bob calmly.

  “First I wanted to tell you, so . . . .”
Elsa could not continue.

  “Schliiter is to watch him.”

  “You must not start.”

  “1 am going to. I am not afraid of him.
Since when has my cousin been so timid?”
The howl of a siren shook the air. Simul-
taneously the great door opened, and before
her stood the auto in which Bob was to
start, a most remarkable car, shaped like a
torpedo and yet different from any known
model.

  Bob stepped up. “All ready?”

  Van Rhyn, who was himself beside it,
nodded. Bob swung himself in, while Elsa
rushed off to seek Schliiter.

  “All right. God be with you!”

       CHAPTER XX
       The Great Race

A HUNDRED thousand spectators were
sitting in the grandstands, making a
most impressive sight. Far before them
stretched the track. In its center was a
little lake in which water lilies were bloom-
ing.

  A murmur of astonishment went through
the thousands. The huge racetrack was be-
ginning to divide into a hundred individual
circles, each rotating independently. The
fiist or inner one, the smallest circle, re-
mained motionless. The next moved slow-
ly. Meanwhile an explanation for this
sounded from the system of loud speakers
which was spread all over the track:

  “It is a failing of all racetracks that the
conditions are not equal for the different
drivers. While the one on the inside travels
perhaps one hundred meters, the driver on
the inside course, to reach the same destina-
tion, must go one hundred and fifty. Not
so here. The moving bands are exactly syn-

chronized to one another. The velocity of
the individual bands increases with their
length, so that the outside one rotates fast-
est. Accordingly when the inside driver
travels one hundred meters, the outside driv-
er has to go only a hundred meters to reach
the same goal. The track therefore permits
a hundred drivers to start at the same time
under perfectly equal conditions. The col-
lision of two drivers is completely excluded,
for now there is no reason for an outside
driver to take an inner lane.”

  Now came the starting shot; The hun-
dred drivers entered and first drove a trial
lap, each having a speedometer in his hand.
The cars were of the most varied sorts.

  At the very outside, in the largest ring of
all, Bob was driving. Most of the field
glasses and the most inquisitive eyes were on
him.

  “That is the right hand man of the owner
of Isabella.”

  Bob’s car was different from the others.
Not merely that it displayed in a golden
yellow brilliance the colors of Isabella—but
that it was moved by a propeller placed at
the front. This gave it a strange look and
called forth criticism. The first lap was
ended, and each driver had travelled the
same number of meters.

  At the innermost lane Don Joao was driv-
ing his car. He had got this place in the
drawing of lots, and was satisfied with it.

  Lap after lap was covered. There were
to be one hundred laps, each ten kilometers
in length. All was deathly still, and a hun-
dred thousand people held their breath.
Nothing was to be heard but the sound of
the motors and the moving of the wheels—
not a word from anyone. Only when rock-
ets were sent up at the finish line and the
numbers of the cars victorious in each lap
were thrown in luminous writing against
the night sky was there a murmur through
the crowd.

  The first elimination was over, and noth-
ing untoward had happened. There was a
sigh of relief from Elsa Dorn, who was sit-
ting in extreme anxiety in the stand re-
served for the committee, her hands clutch-
ing the rail, her heart beating wildly.

  Luminous writing appeared in the sky.
104

WONDER STORIES

Forty drivers had done equally well in the
first elimination. Don Joao and Bob were
among the forty. Positions were drawn for
again. Now the sixty outer rings stood
empty. Bob and Joao were ten rings apart.
Once more the cars raced over the track.
“Third race. Twenty drivers left!”

  The drivers were used up. This time fif-
teen machines gave out during the race.
Fainting men lay in the stalls. It was ex-
hausting work. No changing of machines
was permitted.

  Another start! This time there were only
four who came to the starting line.

  “Final race! Don Almeida of Frisco,
Maclversen, Scotland, Louis Aubert, Paris,
Bob White, Santa Scientia.”

  Don Ferreira, the President of Puitu, had
a pale face. He could not get rid of the
idea that this Almeida was his son Joao,
whom he knew to be living in Frisco as an
auto racer.

  The starting shot was fired, and the four
cars sped along the track, this broad track
of which only four rings were now rotating.
The men sitting at the wheels were covered
with sweat—at least three of them, for Bob
still seemed as calm and unemotional as
ever.

  Joao’s breast was heaving violently.
Every nerve of his body was tense, and his
eyes were starting from the sockets.

  In the midst of the course the Frenchman
lost control of his car, and it skidded. But
now the excellence of this track was again
displayed; in an instant, before the car
could tip over, it was seized by the distant
control, and it stopped, and the fainting
driver was carried out of the arena.

ONLY three cars left! There were ten
laps to be done. On the seventh Mac-
lversen gave out, hanging almost lifeless in
his car, and was carried away.

  Two cars left!" Just Bob and Don Joao.
They were alone on the track—driving with
perfect control. Everyone stood up; a hun-
dred thousand people captured by feverish
excitement.

  “Hurrah, Don Almeida!”

  “Hurrah, Bob White!”

  At the ninth round, Bob hung back a

trifle, so that Don Joao was a length ahead.
Joao’s breast heaved, his face deathly pale,
yet the sweat ran from his brow. For a
moment, carried away by excitement, he
forgot his intended collision.

  Now Bob puts on full power, and his car
seems to fly.

  There is a cry from the stands, a mad cry
from a hundred thousand throats. The two
drivers, side by side. Suddenly Joao twists
his wheel and drives straight at Bob. In a
second a frightful thing is bound to occur.
The two cars come together at a speed of
three hundred kilometers an hour. Has
Joao gone crazy?

  Then—a miracle happens. At both sides
of Bob’s car there emerges wings which had
been folded together like those of a butter-
fly. They are slanted for rising. The car
seems to rear up and rise into the air. It
not merely leaps over the other car : it re-
mains in the air. Joao’s car races up the
slope, turns over, and comes down on top
of the driver. Bob has risen in his strange
flying auto somewhat over the track. He
dives into the middle of the lake, and disap-
pears.

  There was a moment of horrified excite-
ment.

  “He did it on purpose, driving into him.”
  “A villain.”

  “A miserable murderer, no sportsman!”
  “But how could the auto fly?”

  “Didn’t you see the wings which suddenly
sprouted?”

  “An aerial auto?”

  “Where is Bob White?”

  “He is drowned in the lake.”

  “Search the lake! ”

  The crowd seemed ready to flood down
onto the track. There was wild shouting
and shrieking.

  Suddenly there came from thousands of

VfilPPQ *

  “Look—there! There!”

  They stared at the lake. In reality hard-
ly two minutes had passed since the mad
leap. The lake was stirred by waves—
There—the heavy car floated. Slowly it
came to shore.

  “An air, water, and land auto!”

  There were wild cries of jubilation.
UTOPIA ISLAND

105

  i

  “Isabella has won!”

  “Hurrah for Santa Scientia!”
t At one point an inclined plane led down
into the water. Nobody had noticed it.
Now the auto came up it onto the land. It
was battered and dirty, dripping with water
and weeds, but Bob was able to drive back
to the starting place, though somewhat
slowly. He got out and collapsed into the
arms of his friends.

  Elsa Dorn sobbed and screamed hysteri-
cally. . . .

   President Ferreira was standing with ser-
! ious expression and bowed head by the
stretcher on which rested his son. “No
sportsman does such things.” Slowly and
with weary steps he followed the stretcher.
| Again came a signal. Amid the shouting
of the spectators Bob White again drove on-
to the track. The shining golden car had
been cleaned again. Choosing a moderate
’speed, so that everyone could examine thor-
oughly the strange torpedo-car, Bob drove
it around the track. Then he put on speed
and raced around the track twice.

Beneath the Earth

HERE was a cry of astonishment. Like
lightning something came out and un-
folded : the wings of a plane. Another
control was operated, and, the car—which
had become a plane—flew low, so that all
might see, around the track. It rose, went
lower, did sideslips, and then very gently
floated down on the great basin of water.

  A ship’s propeller appeared. A special
mechanism had covered the wheels of the
auto with plates of light beryllium. This
had already happened during the flight, and
these plates coming down obliquely closed
together and formed a keel.

   The flying auto, now become a motorboat,
shot like lightning over the water, while the
onlookers were wild with delight.

  Again the auto rose, its keel was again
drawn in, the plates went up, and the pro-
peller vanished; the car glided along the
track.

  The jubilation became almost a pande-
monium, but the loud speaker sounded above
everything else: “Silence for Bob White!”

  His voice was transmitted through many
loud speakers. “I declare Mr. Maclversen
the winner of the auto race.”

  Amazement and contradiction. “Bob
WTiite is the winner!”

  “No, I am not. It was an auto race, but
I won it by changing my car into an air-
plane. Likewise Don Ferreira, who is ser-
iously hurt, has no right to the prize. Mac-
lversen was the last to give up. Maclver-
sen has won the prize of one hundred thou-
sand dollars.” -

  In this moment Bob indeed had no idea
that Maclversen was also one of the ass-
assins who had once attempted the life of
Benjamin Cook.

  Maclversen approached slowly, staring at
Bob and not understanding. There was a
mighty shout, not for the Scotchman, but
for Bob who had won all their hearts by
declining the prize.

  Elsa Dorn had left the arena, when the
danger was past. Now she lay weeping in
Grete Helling’s arms.

#	* *

  In the general confusion no one had no-
ticed that while the racing was beginning a
black figure had sneaked softly onto the
stand in which Mr. Cook was sitting. The
intruder’s task was all the easier, since Cook
had declined to take a prominent part at
the festivity and was occupying a concealed
and curtained box alone.

  The negro, who was no other than Sam,
had sneaked in and was standing behind
Cook. He had already drawn a long dag-
ger, when two sinewy arms seized hirjj.
Schliiter himself had observed him and had
followed him and now pulled him back. At
the same time two powerful Chinese thrust
a gag between his teeth and dragged him
away. Since all this took place just at the
time when Joao tried to ram Bob’s car, not
even Cook noticed anything of what oc-
curred. When the crowd was cheering
Bob, there was none to notice that some
Chinese were carrying away a lengthy ob-
ject wrapped in blankets. They took it to
a room which was equipped as a prison.

  Bob White, with a victorious smile, was
taking his car back into his garage.

In the night sky there appeared over the
106

WONDER STORIES

lake an inscription: “In an hour the swim-
ming matches begin.”

  As yet no one knew his way about in Isa-
bella. The crowd arose, already accus-
tomed to follow blindly the directions of the
loud speakers. They went down the grand-
stand steps. The doors to the gliding bands
were shut, but there stood open the gates of
elevators, corresponding to the grandstand
exits.

  A hundred entered each and were carried
down into the depths. What did this mean?
They had thought they would be carried to
the lake in the auto race track, but now they
were being carried far down, apparently
deep into the earth. In Isabella things were
always done differently than elsewhere!

  The indicators on the doors of the eleva-
tors showed a drop of almost forty meters
when they stopped.

  The spectators stepped out and were ex-
tremely surprised. Were they really in the
prosaic world? Or had they entered a fairy
land? A monstrous body of water, so large
that they could hardly see its limits, spread
out before them. But no sky was to be
seen, for a vast grotto was arched over the
water. Yet it was not a uniform dome;
they were rather in a huge cave, whose roof
now extended to form a great dome.

  The people who left the elevators in
throngs found themselves on islands in this
incredibly large grotto. On every island
was a grandstand. A circle of such artifi-
cial islands limited a part of the apparently
infinite lake in this gigantic cave and made
it a swimming racecourse.

  Bob and his friends, now in tuxedos, ac-
companied President Ferreira and the guests
of honor, the representatives of the League
of Nations, the special emissaries of Ger-
many, America, England, France, and the
other great nations, to a special stand of
honor, erected in the middle of the lake.

  The entire subterranean district was
lighted as bright as day, without any source
of light being visible. The brightness came
from above, from the uppermost point of
the dome, and everywhere, as far as the eye
could reach into the distance, light flooded
from concealed cracks and showed the in-

credible expanse of this cave and subterran-
ean lake.

  President Ferreira walked beside Benja-
min Cook. For a few moments he had for-
gotten his injured son, now being ban-
daged under the hands of the physicians and
Dr. Frank. Like all the other guests, he
was amazed by this underground marvel.

  Bob White said quietly, “Gentlemen, you
know that the dryness of these islands is
produced by the fact that the soil is too
permeable to retain the rain, even in the best
watered districts. The waters therefore, col-
lect in a huge subterranean basin, which we
have bored our way to and which you see
here.”

       CHAPTER XXI
       More Miracles

ASHOT resounded through the subter-
ranean hall. The swimming meet had
begun. The lake was incomparably splen-
did with the white gleaming stalactites and
tht reflection of the water on the grotto roof.
Now came a new surprise. From the depths
below a seemingly unreal light shone up
over the water, now red, now blue, now pale
green.

  There were a hundred woman swimmers,
who came on at the same time; picked swim-
mers from all countries, including notables
who had swum the English Channel and the
Straits of Gibraltar. Elsa Dorn, from whose
breast a great weight had been removed and
whose Heart was filled with a most extra-
ordinary sense of happiness, was among the
six ladies who appeared in the golden yel-
low colors of Santa Scientia.

  The bodies of the swimmers were not, as
is usually the case, covered with a thick
coating of grease. Giant electric heaters,
which were located everywhere in the basin,
had so raised the temperature of the water
that it was like a pleasant sea bath.

  The signal sounded. With a mighty leap
the girls began the race. At first they were
almost all in a row. Then a cry of amaze-
ment came from every throat. The six swim-
mers from Isabella coming into the lead,
UTOPIA ISLAND

107

cut the water with their arms and shooting
almost ten meters ahead at every stroke.

  “A miracle!”

  “That is incredible!”

  “Why, nobody can do that!”

 A whispering and murmuring went
through the crowds. While the other con-
testants struggled with all their might, the
six shot across the water like arrows, almost
as fast as a motorboat. The first to reach
the shore was Elsa Dorn, who was followed
shortly afterward by her companions, al-
most at the same time. Not a hand stirred
to applaud. The six stood smiling on the
shore, resting and appearing perfectly fresh,
while the real contest was being waged by
the other ninety-four. A great inscription
was flashed over the water: “The six ladies
of Isabella are not competing.”

  The signal sounded for the finish. Edith
Ekklund, who had already twice tried the
swim from Gibraltar to Africa, emerged
from the water the winner. She received
loud acclaim.

  Now all eyes were again turned to the six
Isabella girls.

  “An exhibition by the six swimmers of
Isabella.”

  They stood on a raised platform, where
everyone could see them. They were in
bathing suits, with curious belts about their
waists, and thousands of eyes viewed their
limbs.

  “They are hanging on a rope,” a number
remarked.

  From each grandstand a spectator was in-
vited to the springboard. No rope was to
be seen, nor anything at all surprising.

  A shot rang through the grotto. The six
made a high dive into the water. For a
moment they were all in a row. Then a
strange sport began. They actually flew
through the water, passing one another.
They swam figures, dove under one another,
rose high up from the water and passed
over one another, dove in again, and carried
on play as unique as it was fairy-like. At
the same time they swam without effort, not
appearing to tire, and when they bobbed up
from the waves they showed laughing faces.

  The longer the game lasted, the faster the
six sped through the water and the more

excited the crowd became. Yet no one
could understand it

  Then the swimmers landed. There was
endless applause. They were not at all ex-
hausted but stood on the stand in their gold-
cclored robes and laughed.

  The loud speaker announced, “More Santa
Scientia sport!”

  Now ten young men stepped on the spring-
board, also in the golden colors. They
were muscular figures, bare except for
swimming trunks. They jumped into the
lake and repeated the play of the girls,
only faster and more hazardously.
“Impossible!”

  “There is something wrong about it!”

  “A miracle!”

  A loud speaker sounded through the hall,
after the wave of excitement had lessened
and the swimmers were again on land.

  “A combination of strength and science,
the water sport of the future. Each of the
swimmers wears a belt with the apparatus
necessary. Crude strength is not needed.
Skill plus science affords and opportunity
for unique pleasure in the water.”

  Then real competition occurred, and the
ladies and gentlemen of Santa Scientia
showed that they could outmatch the others
even without any mechanical aids, such as
must have been on the belts they wore.

  Midnight! The second part of the pro-
gram was also over. .“Assemble in the
arena tomorrow at ten o’clock!”

AGAIN the grandstands emptied. Cars
stood ready. They sped away through
subterranean roads. Everyone was full of
excitement. After coming up in elevators,
they reached a great open square of vast di-
mensions. Before them rose skyscrapers,
gigantic houses of glass and iron with walls
of shining dull glass, illuminated from with-
in by various colors. The square itself was
surrounded by palms and lofty eucalyptus
trees; gay flowers in handsome beds formed
the edge. The square was entirely covered
with green turf.

  The gentlemen of the League of Nations
stood together. They were still too much
excited to sit down at the table reserved for
them.
108

WONDER STORIES

  “Mr. Helling, a word!"

  “What is it, sir?”

  “What was that strange business with the
swimmers? The flying machine was in-
geniously devised. After all, that would not
b«* impossible. But the swimmers—was that
a fake?”

  “Absolutely not,” Helling assured the
president.

  “What then?”

  “Perhaps not regular sport, I agree, but a
pastime, if you wish.”

  “Well, how is it done?”

  “The swimmer wears under his suit next
to his body two concentric rings. The in-
ner one is of lead, and in this lead is em-
bedded radium. A great number of wires
of a certain alloy, very fine wires, are sol-
dered together at the points, reach into the
radium, and come out from it in the form of
a W. They come out of the lead ring and
are connected with coils, with a spiral, a
hundred at each end. The second or outer
ring is filled with water and has holes ev-
erywhere.

  “The water cools the wires which come
from the radium, producing an electric cur-
rent wrhich heats the spiral. The water in
the second ring becomes steam, which comes
out at the back and propels the swimmer
like a rocket, while at the front a system
of very fine capillary tubes admits more
water. The wires producing the current
consist alternately of antimony and bismuth.
I think, Your Excellency, if you investigate,
even this apparatus will no longer seem to
you to be a miracle.”

  Shaking their heads, the gentlemen went,
to their tables, which were placed in long
rows on the square.

  Each elevator, which came up from the
bosom of the earth with guests, had a num-
ber, each table also. No one had more than
a few steps to go. They saw no persons to
direct them, but each at once found the num-
ber of his seat.

  A hundred thousand people were sitting
at these tables, staring in amazement at the
finely shaded colored light of the glass
palaces. In their centers the tables had a

rising section filled with food and drink, a
cold supper which arose continually from
an invisible kitchen, consisting of rare deli-
cacies. While the hundred thousand ate and
drank yet amazed and speechless at the mar-
vels which encountered them in incessant
succession, a tuneful music sounded from
some invisible source.

  In the middle of the square was a stand.
A shot rang out. Benjamin Cook was now
standing up. His voice, amplified by loud
speakers, called out over the square: “Wel-
come, my guests, welcome to Santa Scientia,
the city of knowledge and genius!”

  There was a cheer from the hundred thou-
sand people, who thought they were dream-
ing, as they stared up at the glass walls of
the houses, at these waterfalls, and at these
gardens high in the air. They did not und-
erstand it all but only marvelled and joy-
fully attacked the delicacies which the dumb-
waiters brought them in inexhaustible
amount. They felt as though they were part
of a story of some paradise. In these hours
they suspected nothing of the work involved
in this undertaking.

#	* #

  Don Ronaldo Ferreira quietly entered the
hospital in which his son law. That morn-
ing—the morning after the auto races—he
had expressed into the telephone the desire
to visit his son. At once there appeared on
the glass plate the message: “In five min-
utes the car will be at your door.”

  There were no formalities in Isabella,
even for the President of Puitu, but there
was silent prevision and care. It had been
torture for the president to have to attend
the swimming meet and the public dinner
afterward. But during the swimming match
a light shone on the grandstand of the diplo-
mats, and in a glass box which he had hith-
erto not noticed and which had also lighted
up, was a letter for him.

  He tore it open, thinking he knew what
was in it. Perhaps it was his expulsion be-
cause of the crazy attempt of his son. But
in it was a quite different message: “Oper-
ation successful. Don Joao out of danger.
Visit not possible until tomorrow. Dr,
Frank.”
UTOPIA ISLAND

109

Ferreira and Cook

ONLY now it occurred to him that Bob
himself had conducted him to his seat,
charmingly and in perfect equanimity, not
at all like a man whose murder had been
attempted by the son of his guest.

  The hospital lay in the midst of a great
park, which extended over the roofs of the
whole city, though it gave the impression of
lying on level ground on a hill in a fine
palm grove.

  It was a hot day. Even the artificial
clouds which were always above the city
could not check the heat. But scarcely had
the open car come near the hospital, when a
pleasantly cooling breeze played about Fer-
reira. Large noiseless ventilators blew a
current of strongly ozonized ice-cooled air
toward the building, which cooled the air to
make a comfortable mild wind.

  Refreshed, Ferreira breathed easier and
went up the few marble steps. There was
no one here, though to be sure, he was ex-
pected.

  In the anteroom stood Dr. Frank, who
responded seriously and evenly to his greet-
ing. “Things have gone well. Compound
fracture of arm and leg but fortunately no
injury to the brain. If the wounds have re-
mained quite without infection, it is due to
our air which is practically free from bac-
teria.”

  “Doctor, you have saved my son’s life by
the operation.”

  Frank did not take the president’s hand.
“I did my duty. There is the room.”

  “May I speak to my son?”

  “He is entirely free from fever.”

  Ferreira entered. Joao lay there, very
pale and wrapped in bandages. He looked
at his father with a perplexed gloomy
glance. Ferreira took a seat by the bed
and silently looked at his son for a long
time. He was happy and at the same time
sad.

  Finally Joao broke the silence. “It is no
use. It would have been better if I had
died.”

  “Shame on you, Joao!”

“Because I failed or because I am alive?”

  “Because you could resolve on such a
thing.”

  “I hate this man. I hate Isabella. I
hate . . . .” Since Joao had come out of
the delirium of fever, he had again per-
suaded himself that he had risked his life
not for himself but for Puitu. This weak
character, who fluctuated between noble as-
piration, boundless ambition, and greed,
was now pleased to play the part of a martyr
to his country.

  “Fool that you are! We should never
have found that gold, and if we really had
discovered it, it would long ago have been
spent. But here something has been created
which all the world can look at with satis-
faction and pride. But you, my son, have
a second time become a criminal. One of
your aims you have attained; I shall resign
today. The forty years of endeavor your
father has given to his country are wiped
out by one act of his son. Did you want
to save your country? You have injured
it most terribly. It is your fault that I must
beg Mr. Cook for your life.”

  “No, never! Sooner . . . Joao act-
ed as though he wanted to tear off his ban-
dages.

  Then the father weakened. I forgive you.
Get well and come with me. I feel that this
man, who provides the best physicians in the
world to save the life of an assassin will be
generous enough not to destroy me entirely.
Give me your word that you want to get well
and begin a new life.”

  Joao remained silent. Now the great pain
of his father was not without an impression
or him. “You rejected me.”

  “Recover and stand at my side! Perhaps
it will be believed that you acted from noble
motives. In San Francisco you were at
least a man who faced life. I have always
kept my eye on you, and now also I will
care for you.”

  Ferreira knelt down beside the bed. That
was the only way in which it was possible
for him to embrace his son. Then he silent-
ly went out, got in the car again, and went
back to the hotel.

*	* *

  “May I see the President of Santa Scien-
tia?”
110

WONDER STORIES

   The telephone replied: “Mr. Cook is wait-
ing for the President of Puitu.”

   It was the most difficult step of Don Fer-
reira’s life, to now enter the elevator which
was to take him to Cook.

  He entered the large chamber, a great
room full of bookcases, in which the maker
of Santa Scientia was sitting at his desk
and performing his duties just as calmly this
day as any other.

   Twelve corridors arranged radially left
this room. One led to the great station, the
others to the offices of the officials. Each
section of the building surrounding this
main office was filled with automatic regis-
tering and secretarial devices.

Cook arose and came to meet his guest.
“Mister President!” faltered Ferreira.

  “If you please, simply Benjamin Cook!
There are no titles in Santa Scientia.”

   “Mr. Cook, as President of Puitu and as
as an unhappy father, I have to beg your
pardon for the fact that my son in misdirect-
ed patriotism has a second time been in-
volved in a damnable crime.”

  Cook looked at him calmly. “I know of
nc crime.”

  “My son . . . .”

  “Say no more, President! You know as
well as I that an attack with ineffectual
means is not punishable. No one was in
danger. Besides, we were prepared for such
a thing. Our means of protection are in-
vincible, and I simply did not think it worth
while to take cognizance of dangers. Per-
haps I am more to blame than your son. I
knew what must happen. I have blamed
myself that it might have caused his death.
If I had warned him, it would not have been
necessary to demonstrate the invincible might
of Santa Scientia. But I had to risk his
life, to keep all others from hasty acts. Be
glad that all happened thus, and be silent
about it! It is past, and I shall never refer
to it again.”

CHAPTER XXII
The Play Goes On

IT was a difficult moment for Ferreira.
There he stood, the representative of Pui-

tu, and had to receive a gift from the hand
of Mr. Cook. He knew that this gift was
no sign of weakness and felt that this man
was generous enough to forgive an attempt
at murder.

  Cook however felt with his guest and sus-
pected his thoughts, without knowing them.
He rose again and said in an unconcerned
manner, “Let us be glad that your son is
recovering from the accident. It is too bad
that it robbed him of the otherwise richly
deserved prize. I think you will not want
to miss the great soccer match and the in-
ternational gymnastic competition. Please
excuse me until then. I intend to take part
in the gymnastics myself, and first I have
some pressing matters to settle.”

  Ferreira bowed and went to his car. Again
he had a feeling of humility. Yet he could
not help being grateful to this man who ad-
dressed him not the president of a great
nation but as man to man. A charge
brought against his son for attempted mur-
der during the games would have cost Fer-
reira his position. The proud grandee si-
lently abased himself to Cook and left the
room.

  In the great soccer field outside the city
a hundred thousand spectators were waiting.
No, there were only ninety thousand, for
ten thousand of those who yesterday had
been spectators were now down on the field
as representatives of the different clubs of
the world, ten thousand players at the same
time. The arena was an immense half-cir-
cle, an expanse divided into ten smaller
fields, and in each field a thousand players
were to meet, five hundred on a side: Eng-
land against Germany; France against In-
dia; Belgium against South Africa; the Uni-
ted States against Australia; Italy against
Holland; Brazil against Norway; Sweden
against Argentina; Denmark against Spain;
Mexico against Hungary; Czechoslovakia
against Canada.

  Twenty nations had each sent its five hun-
dred best soccer players, only Isabella itself
was not represented. The playing surface
was peculiar, a mighty sheet of metal, cov-
ered with a rough leather layer, so that the
players might not slip. In each of the ten
fields, which together composed the whole
UTOPIA ISLAND

111

expanse, stood the two goals, with the jud-
ges’ stands in the middle of each. A great
glass wall separated the spectators from the
field of play, but it was a wall of optically
polished glass, which had a magnifying ef-
fect. Without using field glasses one could
lcok over the whole of this immense field
from any place in the stands.

  The starting signal was fired. At the
same time ten thousand muscular young
forms rushed toward their opponents. Each
of the goal-tenders was a noted player.
Above the field hung dense artificial clouds.
Ventilators here also blew a cooling wind.
Every time one of the teams made a goal,
the flag of the scoring country appeared in
shining colors in the sky while loud speak-
ers announced the scores. It was a match
such as the world had never seen.

  Then another shot was heard. Ten nations
had won. After half an hour there were
to be return matches to settle the final vic-
tories, and then the ten winners were to
play one another, until the championship
was settled.

  Again a giant writing appeared. “The
men of Santa Scientia will play, but not in
competition.” There were only a hundred
players, but the hosts scorned to compete
for prizes. The hundred almost were lost
t: view in the middle of the vast field. At
first it seemed to be an ordinary game, in-
deed, on the part of good players, but noth-
ing extraordinary. The spectators were al-
most disappointed. They had already be-
come accustomed to seeing amazing and
wonderful things.

  A new starting signal was fired. Sudden-
ly the men divided, fifty withdrawing to one
end of the great oval, fifty to the other.

  Questioning murmurs arose. Were these
hundred men going to play over the entire
monstrous field, which was several kilo-
meters in extent?

  There was no time to think about it. Again
a shot was fired. The ball flew into the air,
with one of the players after it. A kick—
and there was another miracle : the ball
shot high up, several hundred meters above
the field, came to the ground, and like
lightning the players sped behind it, far

faster than a man could run. Another kick
—six hundred meters!

  This was quite unbelievable. Again the
almost flying men appear. Now they are
at the enemy! A gargantuan struggle is go-
ing on, like the war of giants. Men go at
automobile speed over the field, kicks soar
half a kilometer high through the air.

A WILD and yet regulated rushing to and
fro ensues. The whole fi/ld belongs
to the hundred players. After half an hour
of struggle the victory is decided. One side
has won. The hundred players stand to-
gether smiling.

  “An illusion!”

  “A deception by means of motion pic-
tures ! ”

  “Some kind of swindle!”

  A second time the teams come on. A
second entirely similar contest* takes place.
On one of the grandstands Helling is beside
Van Rhyn. “How is that possible?” asked
the latter.

  “Very simple. It is the result of our ef-
for to make science serviceable to sport.
It is not to replace human courage but it is
to give it greater aim. Wasn’t it a fine
spectacle to see these young men rushing
across the field and to see the ball travel

a.? though hurled by a giant’s foot?”

  “Quite right, but how is it done?”

  “The field consists of metal and is made
into a single electric field by a great num-
ber of built-in electromagnets. Since the
field is divided in two parts, the electric
pulling force goes from both side toward
the middle and as on a backgammon board
the projections of the field extend in each
case far into the opponents’ field.

  “Each player has a boot with a split cop-
per lining and a system of wires ending at
a contact in his belt. Now if the player
runs over the field without switching on this
contact, then it does not affect him, and it
is the same as though he were playing on an
ordinary field. But if at the moment his
boot meets the ball, he puts in the switch
and closes the circuit, then he is immediate-
ly pulled forward by the electric field. The
impact of the human foot muscles is multi-
112

WONDER STORIES

plied a hundred times, and the ball flies an
immense distance.

  “The player, who wishes to follow it,
glides after it on one foot, which by means
of the switched-on copper shoe acts like a
motorcar. Believe me, great practice and
much skill are needed for this. The player
must close the contact at the right moment
and must know when playing in the oppon-
ent’s territory exactly where are the strips
of the electric field which impel him for-
ward. If he gets on the wrong track, so to
speak, then he is in the same instant seized
by the reverse force and hurled backward.
We had many a bad fall and many a broken
bone, before our players learned the game.
But see the eyes of the men! They have the
sense of being giants. Even electricity can
serve sport.”

  In a flash the great arena was covered
with gymnastic apparatus. Ten thousand
young men and women came on for gym-
nastics. Again the colors of all countries
were represented. The dancing games were
splendid, as were the exercises with wands,
and the rhythmic dances, which were exe-
cuted in perfect unison by ten thousand
beautifully developed bodies at the orders
of the loud speaker.

  At first all the countries in the world
joined in this mighty display of rhythm, and
then the crowd divided into groups. Hun-
dreds made mighty leaps with long poles,
others threw the javelin and the discus, while
still others performed on the bars or the
hcrse or made giant pyramids in their native
colors, pictures of strength and beauty.

  In the center an elevated platform arose.
On it were a number of horizontal bars. Now
ten young men stepped up, who wore the
colors of Santa Scientia. Before each bar
was a slope leading down to the bar, and at
the upper end of the slope was a platform,
on which the men stood.

  Again a shot rang out. The ten ran down
the slopes, jumped high, and clutched the
bars, in the underhold of course. At once
they began a lightning giant swing, which
kept them whirling around the bars again
and again in endless circles at high speed.

  “The bars are turned by a motor!”

  “That is no art, that is not really sport!”

  “On the contrary, it requires tremendous
strength to counterbalance with the muscles
of the arms this mighty centrifugal force.”

  With mighty swings which sent them far
from the bars, the ten gymnasts at the same
time let go, turned beautiful somersaults,
and stood upright, side by side, though with
red flushed faces.

A Strange Visitor

THE games went on. Again the lake be-
low was brightly illuminated. This
time there was a wide course through subter-
ranean tunnels and mighty stalactite grottos,
where the crews of Oxford and Cambridge
competed for the championship with those of
Germany, France, America, and other coun-
tries.

  Then followed the sailboat competition in
a strong wind. Of course it was an artifi-
cial storm, mechanically produced, which
blew across the lake, which was ashine with
many-colored lights.

  Meanwhile the race course was prepared
again on the surface. This time it was not
autos but three thousand jockeys from all
over the world, speeding around the track
on the finest horses. Again the bands
moved, and each had only the same distance
to cover.

  Again the great arena filled up. This
time the lake in the middle, into which Bob
had plunged with his car, had vanished.
Instead there shone there, in spite of the
heat of the sun, a smooth white sheet of
ice. Thousands of skilled skaters of all
countries displayed their art. Nearby, on a
grassy meadow, the world’s championship
in tennis was settled, while skillful riders
were racing over the turf in a polo game
not far away.

  The visitors were taken through the city
in groups, through the green streets between
the palaces of glass. They saw the cycling
roads, the illuminated auto roads, the rail-
ways which extended far out, and the ex-
press lines lower down. A hundred thou-
sand persons were impressed by the might
of this city and felt that they had been
transported to fairyland.
UTOPIA ISLAND

113

  While the guests were still sitting at the
long tables, which again on this second eve-
ning were lavishly supplied with all the deli-
cacies in the world, Mr. Cook was at hi3
office to get a telephonic report from Mr.
Moller. He looked up and started involun-
tarily. Now, as many weeks before, when
the surprise attack on him had occurred, a
man had silently entered.

  Although Cook recognized in his present
visitor the Scotchman Maclversen, who had
received the first prize the day before in the
auto racing, he felt reminded of one of the
would-be assassins of that former visit. It
was also incomprehensible to him how Mac-
lversen could have got in here unannounced,
at a time when Schlliter had special police
a* his disposal. He turned to the man. “If
I am not mistaken, you are Mr. Maclver-
sen?”

  “Yes, sir, and I beg your pardon for in-
truding here. I must ask you to listen to
me, quite alone.”

  There was something strangely determined
about the man. Around his mouth a hard
line was unmistakably present. Every mo-
ment he looked more and more like one of
the three former intruders, yet he did not
give the impression of planning any harm.
He rather seemed to be suffering from some
strong emotion.

  Cook pointed invitingly to a seat. “How
can I serve you? We are alone.”

  “It is about the prize which was given me
yesterday.”

  Cook was amazed. “Isn’t everything all
right? Didn’t you receive the check? The
hundred thousand dollars will be paid you
immediately in Frisco in cash. Or are you
short of money and would you prefer bills?”
The Scotchman looked down and said
hesitatingly, “All my life I have been a
poor devil, and I never let myself dream
that a person could honorably win a hun-
dred thousand dollars. A hundred thou-
sand dollars, that is wealth, that is . . . .”
Cook smiled. “Then I am the more
pleased that you won the prize.”

  Maclversen stood up and now appeared
completely decided, though his face was
very pale. “Mr. Cook, I cannot take the
piize. I herewith return you the check.”

  Cook was amazed. “But why? You de-
served it, for Mr. White with his flying auto
was not in the competition, of course, and
Mr. Almeida was disqualified. So you won
without a question.”

  “Still I cannot accept it,” continued the
Scotchman.

  “But why?”

  “Because I am a scoundrel, because I
came here, not to compete honorably but—”
he groaned and sank again into the chair.

  Cook seemed to see a veil fall. “You
have come to confide something in me. We
are entirely alone. Speak frankly, and I
tell you beforehand, you are no scoundrel,
or else you would not be here before me
now.”

  The Scotchman straightened up and look-
ed fixedly at Cook. “Do you know who I
am?”

  At this moment Cook understood. “You
are the Scotchman MacGonnor, who tried to
murder me eight weeks ago.”

  “You know that?”

  “I just recognized you.”

  “Then you will understand that a man
who came to Santa Scientia to steal and
who was ready a second time to commit a
crime cannot accept the prize. Take the
check and do as you wish with me!”

  Cook looked at him. “How strange are
the ways of fate! You came with dark pur-
poses. Perhaps your conscience would not
have troubled you, if you had taken by
force what you have now honorably earned.
Now your conscience is awake. Mr. Mac-
Gonnor, I will hear nothing of your inten-
tions or whether you were in league with
that unhappy young man who lies in the
hospital.

  “Travel away happily, Mr. MacGonnor!
Take the check, which you have honestly
earned, and if you want to take with you a
bit of advice for the whole of your life, do
not squander this money. Become a good
man! I will ask Mr. Moller in Frisco to
help you to invest this money so you may
live on the income.

  “Use this money to become a useful mem-
ber of humanity, and if I ever hear that you
have fulfilled this wish of mine, then I shall
114

WONDER STORIES

be convinced that the first prize awarded
by Santa Scientia has done real good.”
MacGonnor did not reply. He sat in the
chair with his hands over his face, sobbing.
“Be a man!”

  The Scotchman straightened up. “And—
my crime?”

  “No one knows of it but you and I. It
was no crime for neither formerly nor now
have you carried it out. Thank God for
that, and now become a good man!”

       CHAPTER XXIII.
       Hate and Despair

AT this moment Dr. Schliiter entered and
looked in surprise at the two.

  Cook said with a smile, “Mr. Maclversen
considered it necessary to thank me again
for his well deserved prize. Good-bye Mr.
Maclversen! I shall be glad to hear good
news of you.”

  MacGonnor was unable to answer, but
Cook could not prevent the man’s kissing
his hand before MacGonnor left with the
cheek, his steps unsteady, as though he were
now experiencing a real miracle.

  He walked through the streets and sat all
night in his room sunk in thought. The
MacGonnor who finally stepped out into
the streets full of people, holding his head
high, was now seeing and understanding
clearly, his whole soul was filled with sac-
red emotions.

  Cook looked at Schliiter. “Have you
something to report to me, Doctor?”

  Now for the first time Schliiter told of
the murderous attack of the negro and his
imprisonment.

  Cook nodded. “That was to be expected.
I think I know everything now. Let us say
no more about it. This negro is certainly
the cause of all the trouble.”

  “What is to be done with him?”

  Cook reflected. “I do not know myself,
and the question is hard to answer. As yet
we are actually nothing; we are not an in-
dependent state and do not know how the
League of Nations will act on our applica-
tion. A week ago no one could have pre-
vented our doing as we wished. Now we

must observe public opinion. But let us
not disturb these fine days with such mat-
ters!”

  “Yet we cannot ....** Schliiter began.

  “Keep the man in custody! Nothing has
happened, but we must protect ourselves
from any repetitions. When the festive days
are past, we shall see. Is there anything
else?”

  “Nothing. Everything has gone on per-
fectly.”

  Cook considered. Formerly there had
been three men in league with the negro.
Two of them were now here with him. The
third—was it Don Christobal? Should he
ask about him? Then he could not help
bringing to light MacGonnor and Don Joao
and the entire conspiracy. “Thank you,
Doctor. I think the negro whom you locked
up will harm us no longer.”

  The criminologist left. He could not
help agreeing that Cook could hardly have
acted otherwise and that it was in any event
clever of him not to disturb the festive joy
by the news of an attempted crime. Sam
was secured, in the rocky cave, with a great
iron gate guarding the entrance.

  Dr. Schliiter went out again to make a
nightly tour through the city of Isabella.
He now had a Chinese band on guard in the
central building, in case of emergencies. He
really did not understand how it had been
possible for the Scotchman Maclversen to
reach Cook without being seen by his watch.
Yet it was possible that Cook himself had
sent for the man by his own car. Of the
connection between Don Joao, the negro
Sam, and the Scotchman he of course knew
nothing.

  Schliiter had scarcely left the main build-
ing when he encountered Dr. Frank.

  “I was looking for you, Doctor,” said the
latter.

  “Have you observed anything special?”

  “I must speak to you alone.”

  Frank had a serious face. They went
back into the building and entered one of
the consultation rooms.

  “What has happened?”

  “Nothing, fortunately, but I consider it
my duty to tell you my observations. You
UTOPIA ISLAND

115

know, I operated on this Almeida, who is
actually the son of the President of Puitu.”
“Yes, I know.”

  “At first he was delirious and raved.
One cannot put much stock in such ravings,
of course, and besides it is the duty of a
physician to keep still about them. Yet
some strange things came out in this con-
fused raving. It seems that there was a
conspiracy, in which a negro Sam, a Scotch-
man MacGonnor, and a certain Don Christo-
bal had parts. There were also some un-
recognizable names. I know nothing defin-
ite. Since Mr. Cook has determined, out of
consideration for the President of Puitu,
that Don Joao’s murderous attack is to be
regarded as an accidental skid, we can do
nothing. I simply ask you to look out for
this negro and those other two persons,
whom I of course did not know were in Isa-
bella, and to do so without disturbing Mr.
Cook.”

SCHLUTER nodded. “Here is a confi-
dence in return. This negro attempted
at the moment of the intended collision, to
murder Mr. Cook. I came in time to arrest
him and to jail him unobtrusively.”

  “And the other two?”

  “I knew nothing of them, and I shall
double my watchfulness.”

*	# *

  During these days there was one man who
did not share in the general joy in Santa
Scientia. This was the Chilean planter,
Serao Argonza, under whose name Christo-
bal was a guest of the festival. During the
auto racing which he had refused to take
part in he had sat apparently uninterested.

  When the deciding race occurred, he had
jumped up with the others in the general
excitement and had managed to stand al-
most directly opposite the site of the colli-
sion. But when Bob emerged from the ac-
cident quite unharmed and Joao was car-
ried away badly hurt, he made himself in-
conspicuous again and watched all the more
keenly the box in which Sam was to kill Mr.
Cook. That also had failed, and Christobal
swore when he saw that it was Mr. Cook
who awarded the prize to the Scotchman
MacGonnor.

  Christobal wandered around and paid no
attention to the sports. He looked for Mac-
Gonnor, but could not find him. Sam also
was not to be seen. Had he really made
the attempt on Cook? Had he been cap-
tured? Christobal became uneasy; at ev-
ery moment he felt a sword hanging over
his head.

  Timidly he looked at each of the Chinese
police, and at the same time he was in-
wardly full of hate and rage. Probably
Joao was dead, but MacGonnor had a hun-
dred thousand dollars. Why should Chris-
tobal actually steal? Perhaps Sam had hid-
den himself and was stealing on his own
account. And he, Christobal, was every
moment in danger of being arrested, for
he did not know what Joao might have be-
trayed. He had no opportunity to leave the
island, and he had no money. He was full
of hate for MacGonnor, full of greed, full
of despair.

  It was night, the same hour in which the
hundred thousand guests were eating for the
first time at the tables. Christobal was also
hungry, perhaps hungrier than any of the
others, for in his excitement at the impend-
ing blow at Cook, he had not eaten any-
thing. Yet he would not have ventured to
sit at the festive table of Isabella. He went
out into the night, walking along the shore,
glad to be alone. Constantly he saw the
light of the searchlights which swept over
the whole island and the sea. He sat down
on a stone and reflected. Something had
to be done. His coming here could not
be useless. But what could he do? Should
he steal table silver? Ridiculous! Or
commit a purposeless murder, just to still
his inner wrath?

  “Good evening, Senor!”

  Christobal started—and then looked into
Sam’s face.

  “Quick, come with me!” The negro seized
his hand and climbed down the cliff with
him down close to the water, while the
searchlights swung away. “In here!”

  Christobal forced his way into a crack
in the rock. It was perfectly dark, but now
a small lamp lighted up in the negro’s hand,
and through a narrow winding path they
116

WONDER STORIES

arrived at a cave which seemed to be equip-
ped with all possible food and supplies.

  Sam grinned. “This is my domain. If
the asses of Isabella ever dreamed that I
live so near the city! These fools—this
doctor, who came at the last moment, when
I was going to kill Cook, and locked me
up! As though I did not know all these
grottos and passages better than they! No-
body knows that out of the cave, before
which they put a lock fit for a bank vault,
a very narrow and excellently hidden pas-
sage leads into the open and that the bird
had flown out again before his jailers reach-
ed the supper table.”

  Now the negro was entirely changed. He
brought out all sorts of delicacies and some
strong wine and told about the failure of the
attack on Cook.

  Christobal took one of the thick-bellied
wine bottles and drank down its contents
in greedy haste.

  “Not so fast, sir! We must keep our
heads clear.”

 “Why so now?”

  “Because tonight we are going to visit
the Inca treasure vault.”

  Christobal was electrified. “What about
MacGonnor?”

  Sam laughed. “A man who has a hun-
dred thousand dollars does not need to steal.
Never mind him. Here is my plan! Bob
White does not stay at the table. He is too
much excited. Every evening he walks for
several hours by the shore. We will watch
for him.”

  “And what if he does not come?”

  “Then we will wait until the next night.
It will not matter.”

In the Cave of the Incas

A HALF hour later the two were crouch-
ing between the rocks. Christobal had
to recognize the negro as the leader. He
himself lay between the stones, while Sam
sneaked about on the watch.

  Hours passed. Still the enchanted light
lay over Isabella, and the murmuring of the
hundred thousand people, still discussing
eagerly the events of the day, blended with
the roar of the waves. These were hours

in which every nerve in Christobal’s body
quivered. Suddenly he started. Sam was
standing beside him, whispering, “Here he

comes.”

  “Alone?”

  “Bob White is always alone. We will not
kill him One never knows how such a
thing comes out. He does not know you.
I will give the signal. Until then you lie
out of sight. Then jump up. Pull off your
shoes, run silently behind him, pull him
down, and I’ll be there at once. I have
what we will need then.”

  Sam vanished, and it seemed to Christo-
bal that he heard approaching footsteps.

  The hoarse cry of an iguana sounded, the
signal agreed on.

  Christobal sprang up. He saw a man
standing on the shore, looking out to sea.
It was Bob White.

  An instant later there was a brief cry.
Bob lay on the ground, Sam knelt on him
and pressed a cloth to his face, and Bob no
longer stirred.

  “The chloroform is acting. Now be
quick!”

  Bob was tied up, and a gag was put in his
mouth.

  The men hurried to the city. Now Sam
was wearing Bob’s suit, and he had a pair of
blue spectacles on his nose. Christobal fol-
lowed him at some distance, imitating the
gait of a rather intoxicated person and even
passing a police watch, the negro managed
to get into hiding places and to escape being
seen.

  “Here!” Sam pointed to a little back en-
trance. They were in the dark, but they
knew they were fairly high up, since they
were on the level of the streets for pedes-
trians. Sam evidently knew his way per-
fectly. He opened a door, and they enter-
ed an elevator. Silently they went down
and reached the lowest story of all. They
listened. All was quiet here. Carefully,
keeping to the walls, they hurried on.

  “Here, these stairs!”

  They stood in a little grotto, with the
mighty iron gate of the treasure chamber
before them. Sam turned a few switches.

  “Careful, now, for Heaven’s sake! I have
not spied here for days in vain. I am shut-
UTOPIA ISLAND

117

ting off the electric alarm.” Sam drew out
the key which he had taken from Bob. “I
even know the keyword.”

  Again they listened a short time. Then
the lock turned and the great door opened.

  Once more they listened. For almost a
quarter of an hour the two stood holding
their breath. It was after all possible that
there were still other signals, of which Sam
knew nothing. Yet this was evidently not
the case. In Santa Scientia they obviously
did not consider the possibility that robbers
might come.

  They entered the vault and pulled the
door to. The flashlight shone on treasures
which nearly dazzled them. On stands there
were the finest works of the art of the In-
cas. There were great heaps of shining
ingots of gold. In large boxes were pre-
cious jewels.

  The intruders were actually intoxicated.
With greedy hands they seized the valuables
and stuffed their pockets.

THEN they came out again, with beating
hearts. They listened and thought they
heard steps, voices—the watch!

  Quickly Sam switched on again the alarm
bells. Then the two crouched close to-
gether in a corner, covering themselves with
some old sacks that were there.

  A man came and examined the locks and
the bells. “All in order.” Some Chinese
guards passed very close to them, so close
that the men in hiding felt the impact of
their feet. Then it became quiet again.
Still they remained lying there for some
time. Then they hurried back the way they
had come.

  “How shall we get through the city with
this full sack?”

  Sam chose a different route. They reach-
ed one of the subterranean rooms in which
the autos were kept. *They got on one and
went noiselessly, as all the machines in Isa-
bella did, along the now deserted speedway.
Soon they were out in the open, far outside
the city. Only the fact that the negro had
been able to study the layout for months
made the escape possible.

  When morning dawned, Christobal and
Sam were again in their hiding place, count-

ing the spoils. Then they emptied bottle
after bottle of strong wine and fell intoxi-
cated on the blankets with which their cave
was covered.

*	* *

  That night Dr. Schliiter did not sleep.
With Elsa Dorn, who was glad to help him,
he again compared all the sailing lists.
Almeida and Maclversen were properly an-
nounced as members of the California Rac-
ing Club. Of Sam he found nothing. Then
Elsa Dorn said, “I do not understand. Here
i* a Chilean planter, Serao Argonza. The
name is unknown to me, and it does not oc-
cur in the lists which I received of guests
from Chile.”

“Perhaps he has made an exchange.”

  “Or this Argonza is Don Christobal.”
“The devil! It almost seems to me as
though Dr. Frank mentioned a name like
that.”

  “Which room?”

  “12,753.”

  An hour later the doctor already had his
information. The room of the Chilean had
not been used, and he had been neither at
the festive supper nor at the dance. His
chair had been empty at meals. He had at-
tended the auto racing but nothing else.

  Schliiter nodded. “This person is Don
Christobal. We must have him. He is hid-
den on the island.”

  While the hundred thousand guests were
sleeping in their rooms, dreaming of the
wonders they had experienced, armed pat-
rols were searching the whole island.

CHAPTER XXIV
Last Hours

ANEW day dawned. In great groups
the guests were conducted through the
streets, but not into the work-rooms. It
would have been quite impossible to give
such a throng of visitors a real insight into
the scientific work of Santa Scientia.

  At noon the conclusion of the sport fes-
tival took place. In the great arena in
which the auto racing had occurred there
were now a hundred planes ready to fly.
They were strange machines, some quite like
118

WONDER STORIES

the ordinary planes, others with the propel-
lei on top, and still others with no propel-
ler at all. But the strangest thing was that
there was no flier in any one of these planes.
Ir. the center of the arena, on a platform
set high above the middle of the lake, stood
a great mechanism like a gigantic typewrit-
er.

  Vetter himself now took his place at the
keyboard. The starting shot sounded, and
the loud speaker announced: “The air man-
euvers are beginning, which exhibit the re-
mote control system of Santa Scientia.”

  It almost looked as though Mr. Vetter
were playing the piano, but each touch of
a key resulted in a marvel. The planes left
the ground, some describing wide circles,
others, with the propeller on top, flying
straight up from the ground. Then there
began in the air over the heads of the
breathless spectators a mad game. In
squadrons the planes shot toward one an-
other and seemed about to collide. At the
last instant they stood still in the air, flew
ui>der one another, did bold trick flying,
and executed a wild dance in the air, while
the giant loudspeakers gave forth loud mus-
ic

  To the music of a jazz band they raced
past one another, so that they looked like
an inextricable swarm of flies. They hover-
ed to the tones of a waltz, formed in battle
squadrons to the melody of a military
March, and rocked to the melting harmonies
of an orchestra of violins.

  If at first many were anxious lest at any
moment planes might have accidents and
fall on their heads, the perfect security of
these maneuvers soon afforded a tremen-
dous spectacle, and the manner in which one
man at his keyboard moved all the planes
as though by electric connecting wires,
like the marionettes of a children’s theatre,
produced tremendous enthusiasm.

  This too came to an end. Obediently the
hundred planes descended and stood in or-
der, as before the flying.

  A new starting signal sounded. This time
ten planes without propellers rose into the
air. Apparently they were moved by mag-
netic forces sent out by a number of large

Zeppelins. These could be seen high up in
the air above the arena.

  Again the loud speaker made itself heard:
“The rocket ships, the future travellers of

space.”

  From the exhausts of these planes, which
to be sure were operated by pilots, shot fire,
and they began to circle, faster and even
faster. Already after a few seconds noth-
ing more could be seen but ten fiery circles,
speeding above the arena at a velocity sur-
passing comprehension. The circles went
through one another, forming all sorts of
geometrical figures, and plainly showed
that even rocket planes were perfectly con-
trollable by these pilots.

  A shot sounded again. The rocket ships
now came down in perfect order.

  The loud speaker called out: “This ends
the sport festival of Santa Scientia. Dinner
begins in an hour, and embarking starts at
four o’clock. At eight the last guest will
have left Santa Scientia. It is at present not
possible to give consent to the thousands of
requests to immigrate here. For now the
meeting is over. Santa Scientia thanks the
thirty-five different nations of the earth for
coming here. Each of these nations is re-
quested to select from its numbers five
representatives—a member of the govern-
ment, a newspaper man, a scholar, an in-
dustrial leader, and an engineer. Santa
Scientia will ask these gentlemen to remain
a few days as guests. Now that the time
of the great games is past, we will show the
chosen ones as well as the representatives
of the League of Nations our serious work
and explain and demonstrate the economic
and cultural significance of Santa Scientia.”

THE embarkation commenced. There
were thousands of disappointed faces,
but Mr. Cook remained inexorable. All ex-
cept the chosen must go. The departure
took place in the same fashion as the land-
ing three days before. Again the entire sea
around the half forgotten Iguana Islands
was covered with veritable fleets. On them
were people who still thought they had been
dreaming, who did not comprehend what
they had experienced in these few days, and
felt that they were returning from another
UTOPIA ISLAND

119

world into the ordinary prosaic universe.

  Never before had the ships’ radios been
so busy. They were used constantly by the
representatives of governments and by news-
paper reporters, for nobody had been al-
lowed to telegraph from Isabella.

  At eight in the evening Helling announced
from Cabo Martino: “Ninety-nine thousand,
eight hundred and thirty-three guests, to-
gether with the cooks and waiters, have left
Santa Scientia. There have remained be-
hind one hundred and seventy-five repre-
sentatives of the thirty-five nations, also
Don Almeida, Don Serao Argonza of Chile,
and the envoys of the League of Nations.”
Almeida, who was in reality Don Joao,
was still in the hospital. President Fer-
reira of Puitu, who did not want to leave his
son, was among the government representa-
tives.

« * *

  Dr. Schliiter entered Cook’s room.

  “Do you know, Doctor, what has become
of Bob? I have not seen him all day.”

  “I have something very serious to an-
nounce to you. Mr. White is at present in
Prof. Weigand’s clinic.”

  Cook sprang up. “Has he been hurt,
seriously hurt?”

  “He will be all right tomorrow. I have
performed my duty badly. Last night Mr.
White was found by one of my patrols on a
lonely shore road. He had been robbed of
his clothes, attacked and chloroformed.”
“Was this done by our guests?”
“Certainly not. Don Christobal, who
sneaked into our city under the name of
Serao Argonza, is the perpetrator—he and
the negro Sam, who in some inexplicable
manner escaped from the locked jail.”
“Incredible!”

  “I also found out about Maclversen, whose
real name is MacGonnor. It seems to me
impossible that he took part in the attack,
s<. I let him go. It has come out that the
two robbers got into the treasure vault by
means of the key which Mr. White was car-
rying.”

  “Did they steal anything?”

  “At a rough estimate, half a million dol-
lars worth of jewels.”

  “And the criminals?”

  “They can under no possibility have left
the island. I had the checks doubled at the
departure. Besides, I know that from the
moment I saw MacGonnor talking with you
urtil his departure on the first steamer, he
left his room only in company with Mr.
Moller, who arrived in Isabella yesterday.
It has actually turned out that Mr. Mac-
Gonnor is a remote relative of Mr. Moller.
He is accordingly cleared of complicity in
the attack.”

  “I know.”

  Mr. Cook had already talked with Mol-
ler, had told him the entire “MacGonnor
affair”, and had asked him to do his best
for the man.

  “What is to be done now?”

  “It is proved that the two criminals can-
not have left the island. It is quite impos-
sible that they have got by the guards. Be-
sides, when I arrested the negro Sam after
the attempted murder, he remarked with a
scornful laugh that he had lived on the is-
land for months.”

“We must talk with the gentlemen who
made our electric plants. It must be
strange if electricity, which can do anything,
cannot procure us these criminals as well.”
“What do you think?”

  “I don’t think anything. I simply have
an idea, just as formerly I imagined that it
must be possible to build an auto to go in
the water, on the ground, and in the air.
Then Grotefendt planned and built it. Now
I imagine that it must be possible to smoke
out criminals from the crannies of an is-
land. How that can be done is a matter
for the engineers.

  “Do not grow any grey hairs, Doctor!
You could not count on such matters, and
as long as the stolen property is still on our
island, it is not lost. Perhaps it would be
well to interview Don Joao cautiously. Ev-
en if he was not present himself, he may per-
haps know something about the negro Sam’s
hiding places.”

The End of a Career

MR. COOK had a talk with President
Ferreira and then asked the latter to
accompany him to Don Joao’s bed.
120

WONDER STORIES

  In front of the hospital Dr. Frank was
waiting for him. “I have very sad news for
you.” .

  “A new misfortune?”

  “During the last festivities the attendant
left Don Joao’s room, and he took advan-
tage of the moment to electrocute himself.
There is no doubt that his touching a high
voltage wire was intentional.”

  Ferreira looked fixedly at the doctor, un-
able to speak.

  “He left this letter,” the latter went on.
There were only a few words. “Forgive
me, father! This is the best way for you,
for me, and for Puitu.”

  For a moment the old gentleman stood
horror-struck and covered his face with his
hand. Then he straightened up and said,
“Perhaps he is right.” With firm steps he
approached the couch on which the dead
Don Joao had been laid. Out of respect to
his father it had been decorated with palms
and orchids.

  For a long time the old man stood in
silent thought. Then he said, “My son was
a very gifted man. He could have helped
his native land. Now I must thank him and
especially you, that I can take him home
honorably. I should like to leave today, if
you will be so kind as to provide me with an
airship.”

  “Gladly, Your Excellency. Only, much
as I respect your feelings, I must ask you
for another interview first.”

  Ferreira was again sunk in the contempla-
tion of his dead son. “In an hour I shall
be ready for you. Now let me have some
moments to collect myself.”

  While the old president remained by the
bed of his dead son, Cook and his compan-
ions went into the consultation room of the
hospital.

  “Don Joao has shown himself courageous.
After all that had happened, it was the only
way out. He took this course bravely. It
seems to me a proof that the young man,
in spite of his excessive ambition and un-
bridled passions, had decency in him. He
had no part in the theft.”

  At Cook’s wish the engineers were tele-
phoned, and in a short time they were as-

sembled about him, also the two professors,
Van Rhyn and Vetter.

  There was a long conultation, and it end-
ed only when President Ferreira asked for
Mr. Cook.

  Then the two gentlemen sat together for
a long time. Ferreira had become entirely
composed by the time the Zeppelin rose into
the air, in the dead of night, with the quick-
ly-prepared coffin of Don Joao, as well as
the President of Puitu on board. He even
held his head high again. Finally he turned
to the pilot, who at his request was accom-
panying the airship. “Have you a wireless
on board?”

  “May I ask you to send a telegram to
Washington?”

  “Surely.”

  Ferreira wrote a few lines on the paper:
“Situation changed. Puitu no longer needs
American money. Wish to withdraw from
the negotiations.”

  The statesman had taken the place of the
father, and Ferreira was glad that he could
disarm the greatest reproach which his ene-
mies uttered: that he was delivering Pui-
tu over to the United States.

  Meanwhile Mr. Cook had returned to his
room, by no means showing the face of a
man who has lost a half million dollars.

      CHAPTER XXV
      Thieves Fall Out

NOW the guests were conducted about.
First they went into the completed
buildings and into the workshops, in which
the individual industries were being oper-
ated to the accompaniment of industrial
music.

  Then there was explained to the visitors
the operation of the central building, the
railroads, the auto roads, and the cycling
streets. They were shown the colors of the
glass walls and their ability to let through
all the sunlight, without absorbing the vital
rays. Finally they went into the natural
park, into the artificially cultivated places,
and into the great plant for the sterilization
of air, and into the clinics at Alesia. Here
there were especially interesting things to
UTOPIA ISLAND

121

be seen, for of course so many sport acti-
vities could not go on without injuries.

  Dr. Frank, who now felt himself com-
pletely an “Alesian”, proudly displayed his
invalids. One had had a new knee joint put
in, to replace his own which had been
smashed in an automobile accident. Anoth-
er even had a new kidney. A third had
received a new collar-bone from the col-
lection of live parts possessed by Dr. Weig-
and.

  “You see the immense importance of
blood tests,” explained Frank. “When ev-
ery boy and girl, say at the second school
vaccination, has a blood test taken and the
group of blood types is registered, then the
work of doctors will be greatly lessened in
the case of illness.”

  Dr. Schliiter, who was present, nodded.
“The work of the criminologists, also. If
we can already distinguish human and ani-
mal blood, this blood test, which henceforth
every person would have to carry about
with him, indicated on his passport, would
at once determine whether any bloodstains
came from his blood, or from the victim of
a crime, or from some third person. This
presupposes, of course, that there is not
the strange coincidence that a suspect and
a victim belong to the same blood group.”

  These visits consumed a whole day, and
the visit to Alesia ended it.

  Cook took the floor. “Ladies and gen-
tlemen, I should like to make you the same
proposal that I did to the gentlemen of the
ocean expedition seven weeks ago. I want
you to remain here in Santa Scientia by
yourselves two nights and a day. Recover
from all that you have seen. Each evening
our mechanical reader will operate in the
great hall and inform those who wish to
hear about the origin of Santa Scientia.”

  The rooms which were provided the gen-
tlemen and ladies in Alesia were exactly like
the others, having the same telephone booths
and dictation machines. When, in the eve-
ning, the much admired reading apparatus
began its lecture, naturally not one of the
guests were missing.

  Meanwhile an important conference was
taking place in the main offices in Isabella.
Professors Weigand, Frank, Vetter, Van

Rhyn, Ortler, Zolling, and the engineers
Romer, Goldner, and Grotefendt had asked
Mr. Cook for an interview, exhibiting ser-
ious faces. Likewise Bob White was at the
conference, a bandage still about his neck.

  Professor Van Rhyn began. “We have
been discussing matters together, and I as
the eldest have been chosen to speak. We
have very serious doubts whether the course
we have chosen is the right one. It is not
to be denied that it is purposeless to live
shut behind a sort of Chinese wall. The
world must participate in the work of Santa
Scientia. Therefore people will constantly
come here in great numbers. They will
study in our institutions and fill our work-
shops. Quiet Isabella will become a city
with lively people, with women and children.
Is it not possible that in so small an island
as Isabella the real scholars, the scientists,
who owe their results to seclusion and peace,
will not find their required atmosphere in
the future? Will not the noise of the
world, which is now to enter even here,
hinder our reaching their real goals?”

  Mr. Cook smiled. “If I had not consid-
ered that, I should be a poor observer and
a bad executor of the heritage which the
scientist Alesius left to me. Permit me to
postpone answering you until tomorrow, at
the great assembly. I must still wait for a
telegram, but please be confident that I will
always be true to the main aim of Santa
Scientia.”

*	* *

AT length Christobal and the negro had
waked from their drunken sleep and
were crouching in their cave.

  Sam had even made a brief attempt to
leave it. During the night when the major-
ity of the visitors had left, he had sneaked
into the city and had nearly fallen into the
hands of the guards. Returning, he said,
“We must wait.”

  “How long?”

  “Days, even weeks perhaps, until the air
clears and our enemies conclude that we
have left the island. Then it only remains
to steal a boat and do just as we did in our
first attempt, row over to San Salvador.
From there we will move on further.”

  They crouched in the cave. Before them
122

WONDER STORIES

lay the stolen property, the jewels of the
Incas. Time passed with infinite slowness
for them, and both became nervous.

  The two companions had long since
dropped all formalities. They began to di-
vide their booty again, from sheer bore-
dom. This led to quarrels. Each wanted
the main part. The eyes of the negro shone
with greed. “I did it all. I led you to the
treasure vault.”

  “I knocked down Bob White, when you
were too cowardly.”

  “I cowardly?”

  They reached for their knives. The old
hatred between the white and the black was
making its appearance. Christobal despised
the negro and thought it ridiculous to share
with him, and Sam was on fire with the lust
for gold.

  Hours passed, during which they made
mad plans. ^

  “I shall go to England and live as a rich
man. No, I shall open the largest gamb-
ling house in Frisco,” said Christobal.

  “And lose everything again. I shall go
to Africa and become president of a negro
republic. I have gold,” said Sam.

  Then their alcohol-disturbed brains again
became heated. For hours they crouched
opposite each other, each taking cover in
the rocks, knife in hand, with the booty
between them.

  Again hours would come in which both
felt £&i unconquerable thirst for air and the
open, and moments when Christobal longed
to be back in Frisco in the bunk-house, back
in the gaming dens with his pals. Sam
would think of his cave at the summit of the
mountain, where he had so long lived and
gazed out to sea.

  The provisions were running short. There
was no more wine and brandy. Now came
hunger and thirst.

  “You must go i-nto the city; we must eat
and drink,” said Christobal.

  “Why I?”

  “Because I do not know the way about.”

  “Tomorrow night.”

  Sam had to go. He had to enter the
city and leave Christobal alone with the
gold. He turned around again. “Come
along! I am not going alone.”

  “I should give us both away.”

 “You go alone!” An idea suddenly
flashed across Sam’s mind. If Christobal
was caught, he would be rid of him.

  But then the negro jumped up. “Stay!
I’ll go.” He had reflected that if Christo-
bal were captured, he would certainly be-
tray him and the hiding place.

  The negro sneaked away, and the other
one listened and waited, hour after hour.
Sam did ' not return. Christobal felt
pleased. Now he was alone, and all the
jewels belonged to him. He spread out the
treasures and revelled in them. At the
same time an anxiety came to him: Suppos-
ing Sam betrayed him!

A Bold Plan

HE could no longer endure it in the cave.
Out he crept, on all fours, like a beast,
and crawled behind the rocks. He saw the
searchlights, the sea with the artificial surf,
and the lights of Isabella. He felt weak
from the days and nights in the cave, whose
alcohol-laden air he had breathed. Christo-
bal lay trembling, with a feeling of an
imminent fever. He thought he heard voices
about him and started up, clutching his dag-
ger. The searchlight swept a cliff above
him. On this rock sat the devil, the devil
incarnate—monstrous, with a great head and
serious eyes and a wild jagged topknot,
which stretched along the creature’s back.
A devil! A dragon from prehistoric times!

  The giant iguana, the beach dragon,
which still lives attains a great size only
in the Iguana Islands and which the outcast
had never seen before, sat perfectly motion-
less and gazed fixedly with its glittering
eyes. In its rigid calm it looked mighty
and terrible. Christobal, whose ideas were
slowly becoming confused, thought that this
beast was looking right into him and that
it was reading his soul, like a judge in the
lower world. He found himself actually
kneeling and stretching out both hands to
the iguana, as if in prayer.

  He opened his eyes and saw Sam in front
of the cave. In an instant he was relieved
but he kept quiet and watched him. The
negro threw down a bag, listened at the
UTOPIA ISLAND

123

mouth of the cave, sneaked ahead, and came
back. Now his face was turned toward
Christobal. His eyes stood out of his head,
his teeth were bared like a tiger’s, and his
whole body revealed blood-lust. “He is
asleep!” he murmured softly to himself,
while foam appeared at his mouth.

  Christobal understood. Sam now intend-
ed to murder him in the cave. Involuntar-
ily he sprang up. It was only three paces
t:> the steep drop into the sea.

  The negro threw off his upper garment
and turned his back. Christobal leaped on
him with all his might, encircling his throat,
as he had done with Bob White, and throw-
ing him to the ground.

  Sam was overcome with surprise only for
a moment. Christobal had underestimated
the strength of his enemy. At first the
negro thought it was the police, but then
h° looked into Christobal’s eyes.

  A fearful struggle began. Each held his
knife in his hand, and each was striving to
hurl his adversary over the cliff.

  A shrill whistle sounded. Both relin-
quished their holds. Somewhere a light
flashed.

  “Into the cave!”

  They carried the sack together, and seiz-
ing the cast-off clothes, vanished into the
cave, crouching down in the dark. The
steps passed by up above. In their com-
mon danger they had forgotten their hate.
Sam lit up and built a fire for cooking.
“We are like children,” he remarked.

  They seized the contents of the sack and
ate and drank, pouring the wine down until
they were again drunk. In stupor and ex-
haustion they sank against the rocks and
finally went to sleep. Now both had been
made defenseless by the alcohol. They had
forgotten everything. There they lay, each
with an empty bottle in one hand and a
knife in the other, in uneasy sleep, while
the slowly dying light of their fire shone
on the jewels of the Incas, which lay be-
tween them. . . .

IN the great hall of the central building
of Isabella the guests were assembled,
the members of the League of Nations and
the representatives of thirty-five countries.

After all had taken their places, Mr. Cook
opened the meeting. In the spectator’s seats
were also the seven ladies of Isabella and
all the engineers.

  “Ladies and gentlemen! Santa Scientia
awaits the judgment of the world.”

  The foreign minister of Portugal, as the
eldest, the dean of the commission of the
League of Nations, spoke first. “May I ask
you to tell us first what you plan for the
future?”

  “We intend to become the university and
technical school of the world. We want to
give to every genius, every man who thinks
he can make a new discovery or invention
for the benefit of mankind, a quiet place
to convert his ideas into reality and try
them out. But we want to carry on no
theoretical knowledge, only the practical
kind. We intend to leave it to other uni-
versities to determine the different kinds of
deep sea fish and to undertake bold explora-
tions at the North Pole. We welcome know-
ledge which benefits mankind, which teach-
er it to utilize the forces of nature; we want
to free man from menial toil, to develop his
mind, and to widen his powers. Therefore
this university is to be joined to a technical
school, which at once makes real and eva-
luates what the scientists work out.

  “If someone has a plan for a ship to
travel interplanetary space, he shall build
it here. If someone knows new ways to
store up the solar rays and their heat and
to utilize it in cold regions, he shall try
it here. If a physician discovers new cures,
then his clinic is here. There are only two
things which may never be mentioned in
Santa Scientia: politics and war. There-
fore Santa Scientia may never belong to
another state, so that it may never out of
prejudice prefer one nation to another,
prejudice prefer one nation to another.”

  “Thus the highest law of Santa Scientia
must be that its scientists may never set
about making war machines. The great
world university of Santa Scientia is to
serve the universal peace of mankind, the
welfare of the dwellers on our earth, and
the complete and peaceful utilization of our
planet in a common endeavor.”
124

WONDER STORIES

  “How will you accomplish all this on this
little island?”

  “The day before yesterday I made a new
agreement. Today I received the sanction
of the government of Puitu. By a purchase
the terms of which are my private concern,
I today have bought all the Iguana Islands.
This also removes the worry of our learned
men, as expressed yesterday, that the com-
ing of outsiders might disturb their quiet.
Now we have six larger and a number of
smaller islands. These islands are useful.
Here in Isabella, where our city is now
built, the entire government will remain in
the future. Also the factories with the mod-
el shops for all industries will be here, as
well as the lecture rooms of the university.
This is the only place where outsiders will
live.

  “Perhaps we will erect the institutions for
research in pure science on San Salvador.
Such scholars as need complete solitude will
have at their disposal the islands of March-
esa, Espanola, Santa Maria, Santa Cruz,
Pinta, and Jenovesa, along with many very
small islets, while Fernandina we will keep
for all time as a natural park. Of course,
this apportioning is still subject to altera-
tion. Certainly all scientists and inventors
will find peace and quiet, and here on the
large island of Isabella will be established
the communication point, so to speak, be-
tween us and the world.”

CHAPTER XXVI
A New Nation!

4 6 rr^HEN you never intend to leave the
JL vicinity of these islands?” the Portu-
guese minister asked Mr. Cook.

  “Only if the world wishes us as teachers.
But we will work out great plans. You
have already heard of our first work, how
we used the volcano, to generate electric
power for ourselves. Mankind is wasting
the earth. It has the false idea of adapting
itself to nature, instead of making nature
serviceable to it. We carry on agriculture
in regions which hardly promise success,
and we leave the tropics to the primeval for-

est and the wild beasts, simply because w®
can do nothing there by human power.

  “We dig into the earth and see with hor-
ror the slow decrease of our coal supplies,
but the ever constant power of the sea waves
remains unused, though it could operate our
electrical plants. Millions of people die of
illnesses, yet we have infinitely great areas
almost free from bacteria, in which they
could be cured.

  “What have nations done before us? Just
think that the Incas, to whose civilization
we owe our treasures, knew how to convert
the present desert and unfruitful mountain-
land of Peru and Ecuador into one bloom-
ing garden. Let us devise together, with
the aid of the studies of the world university
of Santa Scientia, a plan for a magnificent
utilization of the whole earth! Let us show
the way, work out the plans, and be lead-
ers!”

  Cook had finished. On all sides questions
were asked, which the individual scientists
answered in detail. Stenographers were
superfluous at this meeting, for all the
speeches were automatically recorded and
sent by wireless to transmitters, which in the
lower rooms of the central building dictated
them through loud speakers into typewriters.
At the same time there sat in these rooms a
whole army of translators, whose transla-
tions of the proceedings were again given
into loud speakers. Thus a few minutes af-
ter the conclusion of the session everything
which had been dealt with was translated
into all the languages on earth, printed and
sent by radio to all countries.

  The League of Nations withdrew for dis-
cussion. A whispering went on in the room.
The representatives of the individual coun-
tries did not wish to express any opinions,
until the gentlemen from Geneva had spoken.
Mr. Cook, who was to receive judgment on
his work at this time, was perfectly calm.

  The gentlemen of the League of Nations
returned, and again the Portuguese Foreign
Minister spoke.

  “Mr. Cook! I address you as the owner
of the Iguana Islands, to which you have
given the name Santa Scientia. We are
merely envoys and can only make proposals
to the League in Geneva. Let me read to
UTOPIA ISLAND

125

you what these proposals will be!

  “We, and if we are not mistaken, the ladies
and gentlemen of the thirty-five attending
countries have recognized that in Santa
Scientia serious and fruitful work has been
done for the benefit of mankind. We have
seen here things which border almost on the
miraculous. We are enthusiastic about all
that has been done and about the physical
and intellectual excellence of your work.”
The speaker was interrupted. The room
was filled with -shouts of approval. The
bell was rung for silence.

“We shall recommend that Santa Scientia,
the personal possession of which Mr. Cook
gives up, be made a permanent university
and technical school for the whole world.”
“Bravo!”

  “We shall recommend that Santa Scientia
be regarded as an independent country, to
be neutral in time of war, with its own gov-
ernment and the right to admit only those
whom it deem worthy, with the one condi-
tion that Santa Scientia shall never give
preference to any one country.”

  “Bravo, bravo!”

i i OANTA SCIENTIA must pledge itself

  O	to serve always and at all times the
work of science, peace, and reconciliation
of all nations. The scholars of Santa
Scientia must always be at the disposal of
the world with counsel and action and give
us the benefit of its skill, if it is a question
of bringing their plans to realization in any
place. Santa Scientia must never become
a business enterprise, and all its inventions
and discoveries are to become the posses-
sion of the entire world free of charge.”
“Bravo!”

  “Mr. Cook, are you ready to accept these
proposals?”

  “With all my heart. At the same time I
speak for my fellow workers.”

  “Then I may tell you something more.
Yesterday we telegraphed to Geneva, and the
answer has already arrived. We have full
power to guarantee you what we proposed.”
At the great table in the center of the hall
the representative of Portugal, as the eldest,
signed the document which ensured Santa
Scientia, the scientific state, its independence

for all times. The representatives of the
thirty-five governments, who all had re-
ceived authorization by telegraph, crowded
up and proudly signed the strange docu-
ment, which had as its first signature simply
the name “Cook”. ,

  A last joyful meal united the participants
in this important meeting. In the evening
hours these guests left Isabella, and with
them went almost all of those injured in the
sport festival, who had hitherto been cared
for in the hospitals.

  The first to leave the harbor was the
yacht with the members of the League of
Nations. Then followed the great Lloyd
steamer, which was to take the other guests
to Frisco. This time, though none of the
guests noticed it, care was taken that there
should be no opportunity for escape on the
part of the two criminals, who were still in
hiding on the island.

  Meanwhile there appeared in all the
newspapers of the world the accounts and
pictures of the sport festival in Santa Isa-
bella. At first they were laughed at and
considered good jokes. Those returning
home were furious, because nobody believed
them. It was only when the reports of the
government representatives and the conclu-
sions of the League of Nations became
known that the stories of the visitors to the
Santa Scientia Olympiad got credence.

  The universities treated the whole affair
coolly. They rejected Weigand’s experi-
ments in the transplanting of living mem-
bers, which were preserved in nutrient
fluids. “Those are nonsensical things, al-
ready recognized as impossible during the
war,” academicians said. The preservation
of physical youth by renewing the glandular
secretions was as much ridiculed as the
transplanting of monkey glands in Dr. Vor-
onoff’s clinic had been formerly.

  Then one day there appeared in Berlin
two men, who both came from Santa Scien-
tia. One claimed that he had a new knee-
jcint, the other a new kidney. Both had
testimonials with them, signed and sealed
by Dr. Frank, who was still very well known
in Berlin, and by the representative of the
German government at the Isabella Olym-
piad. These documents stated that Frank
126

WONDER STORIES

had operated on the two men by Weigand’s
process and had provided them with new
organs. The men were examined and X-
rayed, and it was concluded that the opera-
tions had evidently occurred. A cold shud-
der was felt by the gentlemen, who hitherto
had doubted everything. But then they
shrugged their shoulders again. “One case
proves nothing. Frank was always an opti-
mist. For years Weigand has been out
there among those dreamers. Who knows
what trick was played on honest Frank!”

  The agreement of the League of Nations
and the enthusiasm of the guests had given
the people of Santa Scientia a feeling of
security, which together with their former
successes put them all in a still more joyful
mood.

  Now there was something else to be done.
Mr. Cook and Bob White, who was again
perfectly recovered, were working secretly
with the chemists and Prof. Van Rhyn in the
laboratory. Although a whole week had
passed since the theft, no trace of the thieves
had been found. The engineers were in-
clined to believe that they had managed to
escape from the island, in spite of all the
precautions, if new thefts had not occurred
twice in this week. Both times, though at
different places, food had disappeared with-
out a trace.

CHAPTER XXVII
A Man Hunt

DR. SCHLUTER was angry for he had
really been on the watch for the thieves.
With his guards, for a troop of white volun-
teers had joined the Chinese, he had watched
every passage. Two times the bold thief
must have stolen very close to the guards
and had then been swallowed up by the
earth.

  Finally the chemists finished their work
in the laboratory. Now masons went to
work. With great iron beams the entrance
gate into the cavern with the “Lake of the
Gods” was divided up, and each of the
divisions was sealed airtight with plates of
glass. Those of the whites and Chinese
who did not know what was going on shook

their heads. Before the openings of the
cave were entirely sealed, electrical appara-
tus was put in. Thjp place had already been
wired at the time of the sport festival, and
now great amounts of the secret chemicals
made in the laboratory were sunk in the
water and set up on the rocks in great con-
tainers. Then great apparatus similar to
immense boilers were left in the water.

  Now the cavern was hermetically sealed
from without. The entire population of
Santa Scientia, white and Chinese, was as-
sembled, and Mr. Cook made a speech. “My
friends! It is certain that two thieves are
on our island, defy our attempts to catch
them. One of them is the negro Sam, the
same one who formerly appeared here from
time to time.”

  “He who has lived on the island much
longer than we, is acquainted with subter-
ranean caves of which we know nothing. It
is however necessary that there be no secrets
from us. It is probable that all these pas-
sages, which are certainly connected with
the extinct volcanic system, are connected
together. Now we are going to make a sort
of artificial volcano. In the subterranean
lake we have made arrangements for the
production of vast amounts of vapors. The
gases will by no means be poisonous, but
they are dark colored and are mixed with
material having such a smell that no human
being can remain in the vicinity. Now we
will spread the population of Santa Scientia
over the whole island and start a hunt, a
smoking out.

  “Your task is to watch wherever vapors
come out of the earth, from cracks or little
caves. These exits of the great subterranean
cave network are those then that are con-
nected with the grotto, and all these places
are to be exactly marked with stakes, so that
our geologists and investigators can examine
them.

  “It is probable that very soon our two
thieves will come out of one of these open-
ings. If this happens, they are to be caught
and brought to me, of course without injury
t'.i them. To calm our Chinese colleagues,

I	add that a real ghost does not care about
smelly gases. If the negro appears, thia
will prove that he is a human being.”
UTOPIA ISLAND

127

THE preparations were completed. First
a strong light was switched on in the
large grotto, of course from the outside,
and then the current was sent into the elect-
ric boilers. It was an interesting sight that
was witnessed by Cook and his friends, who
remained before the glass at the entrance.
In a short time the water began to boil in
the “Lake of the Gods”.

  At the same time the chemicals dissolved,
and clouds of green and yellow gases filled
the great cavern and darkened the light. It
looked like a regular witch’s kettle that was
boiling up there and sending up clouds to
the natural dome of the grotto. A whole
system of telephone connections had been
run all over the island, and Elsa Dorn and
the other six ladies were operating a tem-
porary central station in front of the en-
trance to the cave, while individual reports
of importance were announced by loud
speaker.

  Two hours passed without any report.
The gases had first to find the passages.
Then it started.

  “Gas east of Mt. Atahualpa.”

  “Gas coming out close by the city.”

  “Gas west by the shore.”

  If anyone had now entered the island of
Isabella, he would have believed that a new
“Valley of Ten Thousand Smokes” had
formed here. It was amazing at how many
places the gases came out. The whole is-
land was evidently traversed by a network
of passages, and the cave investigators were
most eager to examine all/

  All day long dense masses of gases were
created, until the chemicals were used up.
There appeared to be uncommonly interest-
ing geological conclusions to be drawn from
the branching of the volcanic passages.
But the main thing had not occurred—no-
where had one of the thieves come out of
any of the cracks.

  The power was shut off. The water cool-
ed, and the gases slowly passed off.

  “Then they have surely fled?”

“Or else there are other cave systems.”
Bob White sprang up. “Why not make
another try with the prison? This must
also have underground exits, even if we
could not find them.”

  Schliiter nodded approvingly. “Of
course, for the negro fled through them.**

  Chemicals were again brought, and while
it was becoming evening, a great fire was
built in the prison cave. Of course oxygen
had to be supplied artificially to this, so
that the door might be closed airtight. Oth-
erwise the fire would have been stifled too
soon.

  Again the posts were assigned, all over
the island this time, for no one knew how
far the passages might run.

  Cook himself turned on the electric igni-
tion of the fire in the cave. This time of
course they could not watch the fire and the
evolution of the gases through the iron
door. Cook and his friends climbed the lit-
tle hill in front of the city and stood there
chatting.

  They did not need to wait long. After
a quarter of an hour had passed there was
a loud burst of laughter. Close before
them, almost exactly at the spot where Bob
had formerly been attacked this laughter
grew to a regular hurrah. Out of a split
in the rocks close to the sea, which nobody
had observed before, staggered two figures,
two tattered helpless drunken men. With
both hands they convulsively clutched their
noses, while behind them escaped from the
cave a yellowish green gas with a frightful
stench.

  That very night the two men were brought
before their judges. There was still no
regular court in Santa Scientia. In fact
there was no intention to found one. Mr.
Cook had simply assembled all the whites
and acted as chairman himself.

  The two villains looked pitiful. Their
bodies were bleeding from the wounds which
they had given each other, and their faces
were hollow and sunken from their stay in
the cave. Silently they stood there, denying
nothing, merely awaiting their fate.

  Mr. Cook asked his friends, “What is to
be done with them? They have stolen, but
they have not got any of their booty. The
negro has attempted murder, but he did not
succeed.”

  Bob White arose. “Let us expel them
from the island. They will not again try
to steal in Santa Scientia.”
128

WONDER STORIES

  No one opposed this. The next day a
plane for Japan took along the negro Sam,
to leave him to his fate in Nagasaki. An-
other one left Christobal in Frisco.

* * *

  A ship landed at Cabo Martino. It
brought the wives, sons, and daughters of
Professors Van Rhyn, Ortler, and Zolling.
It brought sisters and fiancees of the young
engineers, and also the fiancee of Dr. Sch-

1	liter.

  In the next few days there was great acti-
vity in the little church of Santa Isabella.
The engaged couples were married, and
youthful loves who had nearly forgotten one
another were reunited. But even the en-
trance of these women was on the condition
that none might come to Isabella who was
not physically and mentally sound.

  The gentlemen of the ocean expedition,
who had now lived long enough in Santa
Scientia to feel at home, determined to re-
main. The woman’s club of the seven lad-
ies was, as it were, augmented by the addi-
tion of the intelligent older women, the
wives and co-workers of the professors.

  The islands were apportioned. Mr. Cook
remained in Isabella. Bob White was the
inspector and “chief minister”, who went
everywhere and saw that all went well.

  Elsa Dorn remained as manager of the
postoffice and again had much work to do.
In the following year the lecture halls and
workshops were to be filled with students
and mechanics desirous of adding to their

THE

 knowledge. There was the question of tea*-
 ing the applicants and of selecting, out of
 the hundreds of thousands who wanted to
 come, two thousand students and eight thou-
 sand craftsmen.

   Dr. Schliiter also had a position. He had
 been selected mayor of Isabella and police
 chief of all Santa Scientia.

   Work was being done on all the islands,
and Weigand and Frank were together con-
structing the great rejuvenation establish-
ment on San Salvador.

   The hardest job was to choose the worthy
 among the many who wished to try out new
 discoveries and inventions and who desired
 for this the quiet of the little islands and
 the financial help of Santa Scientia.

   Shaking his head, Ortler said to Cook:
“After all, our great plan remains a frag-
mentary thing. We too must choose and
test. We too will consider much to be fool-
ish and childish, which perhaps is great and
ingenious. We too can only make tests, and
we must refuse admission to many, perhaps
to the best ones.”

   Cook looked at him seriously. “Yes, we
are but human beings. Still, we shall keep
our eyes open and do what we can.”

   On all the islands great work was being
done, day after day there was planning,
discovering, inventing, and testing of every-
thing that was to contribute to the welfare
of humanity and the realization of the ideals
of the world university of Santa Scientia.
END '

What Is Your Science Knowledge?

       Test Yourself By This Questionnaire

1.	What is the Bohr theory of the
   atom? (Page 19)

2.	What is the relation between the
   surface gravitation of earth and
   Mars? (Page 25)

3.	What is the hugest magnetic field
   that we know of on earth?
   (Page 36)

4.	WTiat effect has a magnetic field
   on light rays? How has this
   been proved? (Page 36)

5.	What could be the practicable
   method of interplanetary com-
   munication? (Page 4-6)

6.	How is it possible to equalize the
   distances travelled by auto racers
   on a circular track? (Page 103)

7.	How is an electro-soccer field pos-
   sible? (Page 111)

8.	What is one great unused source
   of power at present? (Page 123)
WONDER STORIES

129

The Eye of Two Worlds

       {Continued from Page 53)

He had to admit it would be better to save
that time and trouble in going down to San
Francisco to withdraw the million.

  “All right then. But let’s hurry. We’ve
got to meet Vender in Kraupuk before that
message gets through. Get a wax impression
of his finger prints, and Rolvaag you learn
to forge his name, so we can get this tick-
lish business over at the bank. Then we’ll
take him into the interior of fever-infested
Brazil, and leave him there for the jungle
to take its toll. Everyone will think he’s
gone off with the million; that will clear
us.”

  The three men were nervous, and worked
hastily to make a quick getaway, though
guarding Fran. He seemed more cheerful
than usual. He stood very still, and a calm,
collected observer might have said he seem-
ed to be listening intently.

  “Come on, let’s see your signature!” Rol-
vaag half snarled at him.

  Fran picked up the pen. He had already
made his finger print impression on wax.
There was a lull in the confusion of prepar-
ations, and in contrast came the faint drone
of highspeed motors throbbing at their ut-
most. It came rapidly closer.

  “The aero-patrol!” Lorentz and Troen
cried in surprised alarm.

THE

   In the sky hurtling toward the mountain
 lodge were two white, flashing demons of
 the air lanes. There came a brilliant flash
 from the nose of one of the airplanes, and
 the space torpedo seemed to melt to the
 ground like a snow man in a furnace. An-
 other flash finished the sleek, racy Lynx.
 “All right, up with ’em!”

   Fran stood in one corner of the room
 wielding a flash gun at the trio, too shock-
 ed by the sudden and effective appearance
 of the police to notice his deft movement
 in getting the weapon out of a drawer.

   A violent oath came from Lorentz, and
 he made as if to throw a glass ball of liquid
 at the youth. A greenish-violet flame stream-
 ed from the end of the sharp needle on the
 gun. Lorentz’s arm dropped, the end of
 it a mere blackened stump.

   Rolvaag glowered: “I’d like to know how
 you tipped ’em off, you dirty rat!”

 . “Let’s see, how does that ancient saying
 go? ‘The best laid plans of mice and men
 gang aft aglee.’ From where you are in
 front of the televisor now, Rolvaag, you can
 see yourself in the mirror on that wall op-
 posite you. So could Bruce when I stooped
 over to get that card. And he saw Lorentz
 and Troen, too. Then he had someone get
 busy with a direction finder on you pronto,”
 Fran explained affably.

END.

In the Spacesphere

 {Continued from Page 33)

without warning. In the sudden state of
weightlessness my captors, startled, dropped
their weapons; and were unable to recover
them, as a slight muscular motion was liable
to send one flying all over the room most
ludicrously. I, on the other hand, obtained
in a second my small weapons from my
sleeve-holsters, and when, very soon, normal
gravitation returned, I was well-equipped to
keep my captors in a state of complete docil-
ity. And how did you fare, my friends?”
“It’s a long story,” said Captain South,
“but you may thank these three gentlemen.

' THE

Their remarkable services brought about the
overthrow of Zon Scarna.”

“They shall be very generously rewarded.”
Dick Dubrocq took a step forward. “Kee
Scarna is innocent of the crimes of her fath-
er. Please withdraw her sentence of exile.”
For a moment the wise old Martian look-
ed into the eyes of the Earth-giant. His
voice was low. “It shall be done, my son.”
The blood-red planet cast a ruddy light in-
to the chamber through the thick windows
of the spacesphere.

END
Science Questions
and Answers

THIS department is conducted for the benefit of readers who have pertinent queries on modern scientific
facts. As space is limited we cannot undertake to answer more than three questions for each letter.
The flood of correspondence received makes it impractical, also, to print answers as soon as we receive
questions. However, questions of general interest will receive careful attention.

                   ASSOCIATE SCIENCE EDITORS

       ASTRONOMY
 Professor Samuel G. Barton,

  Flower Observatory, University of
    Pennsylvania.

  Dr. Clyde Fisher, Ph.D., LL.D.

  Curator, The American Museum of
   Natural History.

  Professor Willem J. Luyten, Ph.D.

  Harvard College Observatory.

        ASTROPHYSICS
 Donald H. Menzel, Ph.D.

  Lick University, University of
   California.

        AVIATION
 Major William A. Bevan,

B.S., M.S., M.E.

  Air Corps Reserve, Professor Aer-
    onautical Engineering, Iowa
    State College.

  Professor Earl D. Hay,

B.S., M.S.. M.E.

  Head Department Mechanical and
   Industrial Engineering and Pro-
   fessor of Aeronautics, Univer-
   sity of Kansas.

  Professor George J. Higgins,

B.S. Aero. Eng.

  Associate Professor Aeronautical
    Engineering, University of De-
    troit.

 Professor Felix W. Pawlowski,

                   M. & E.E., M.S.
 Department of Aeronautical En-
 gineering, University of Michi-
 gan.

 Professor John E. Younger,

                    B.S., M.S., Ph.D.
 Dept. Mech|anic*d Engineering,
 University of California.

        BOTANY
Professor Elmer G. Campbell
Transylvania College.

 Professor Margaret Clay Ferguson,
 Ph.D. Wellesley College.

 Professor C. E. Owens

 Oregon Agricultural College
 CHEMISTRY
 Professor Gerald Wendt

Dean, School of Chemistry and
   Physics, Pennsylvania State
   College.

         ELECTRICITY
Professor F. E. Austin

 Formerly of Dartmouth College.

        ENTOMOLOGY
William M. Wheeler
Dean, Bussey Institution for Re-
search in Applied Biology, Har-
vard University.

MATHEMATICS

 Professor C. Irwin Palmer

 Dean of Students,

 Armour Institute of Technology.
 Professor Waldo A. Titsworth, S.M.

 Alfred University.

MEDICINE

 Dr. David H. Keller

 Asst. Supt.,

 Pennhurst State School

PHYSICS AND RADIO
Dr. Lee deForest, Ph.D., D.Sc.
PHYSICS

 Professor A. L. Fitch

 University of Maine.

PHYCHOLOGY

 Dr. Marjorie E. Babcock,

Acting Director, Psychological
Clinic, University of Hawaii.

          ZOOLOGY
 Dr. Joseph G. Yoshioka

 Yale University.

These nationally-known educators pass upon the scientific principles of all
stories.

Gaining a Day

Editor, Science Questions and Answers:

  If an airplane travels westward at the rate of a
thousand miles an hour how long would it take to go
around the earth? As the plane travels faster than
the sun it would seem as though the pilot would ar-
rive back before he left? Would you untangle this?
Howard Sherer,

                       Flat Creek, Ala.

  (Theoretically, Mr. Sherer is correct. Assuming
that the plane w.ere started in the neighborhood of
New York, (latitude approximately 45 north; the cir-
cumference of the earth at that latitude is approxi-
mately 17,500 miles,) the plane would make the round
trip in 17% hours, the sun in 24 hours. Now if the
plane started from New York at noon, with the sun
overhead, it would arrive in San Francisco before noon,
local time, and therefore have arrived in Frisco ear-
lier than it left New York.

  But the presence of the International Date line
spoils that little time-stealing scheme. The crossing
of this date line, which cuts the Pacific Ocean pretty
nearly in half, puts one abruptly into another day.
In other words, our pilot would arrive at the date line,
some 5,400 miles away from New York, 5% hours
after his start. In five and a half hours the sun has
traveled but 4000 miles and is nearly two hours be-
hind the plane. At the date line therefore it is a
little after ten o’clock in the morning of the same day.
But when the pilot crosses the date line he is plunged
at once into the next day. So if he starts his jour-
ney at noon on Monday, since he gains six and a half
hours on the sun, he would arrive in New York, with-

out the date line at five-thirty in the morning of
Monday. But the date line throws him over into
Tuesday and so he returns at five thirty Tuesday
morning. Which makes it just right.—Editor)

Constructing the Hypnobioscope

Editor, Science Questions and Answers:

  I was greatly interested in again reading of the
“Hvpnobioscope", as described in the April issue of
WONDER STORIES. I read about it, of course in
“Ralph-124C41-|-” and recognized the system as used
in teaching the code to embryo radio operators. It
might be of interest to you to know that among radio
operators of the old school it was a well known fact
that one might safely go to sleep while on watch,
trusting that any signals that were of interest to
the operator would automatically wake him wliilo
any other calls that might be heard on the calling
wave would not disturb him in the least. I can
vouch for the truthfulness of this statement, from
several years of personal experience.

  I would greatly appreciate the detailed information
necessary to construct one of Mr. Gernshack’s “Hyp-
nobioscopes”, if such information is available. Of
course if this information is held as a commercial
secret I cannot expect it to be sent me, and will have
to work it out for myself, but, as I intend to have
one of the machines for my own use, and soon, any
help I can get would be vastly appreciated. By this
I refer to the hook-up used for best results, and the
type of instruments.

  I believe the use of the telegraphone was first made
public by Arthur B. Reeve, in his Craig Kennedy
stories, years ago. I can perhaps get the latest details

130
WONDER STORIES

131

on this instrument from a friend of mine who is con-
nected with our local branch of the Telephone Com-
pany.

                     Donald G. Reed,

                     1054 N. Western Are.,

                       Los Angeles. Calif.

  (Mr. Hugo Gernsback has Riven us the following
information:

  His Hypnobioscope is not sold as a commercial ar-
ticle today, although we understand that a number
of manufacturers intend to put out an instrument
of this kind.

  The simplest Hypnobioscope that can be made by
anyone is as follows:

  It is nothing more or less than an electric phono-
graph with an ordinary record of any Mubject—music,
lecture, talk or otherwise—which is rotated continu-
ously by means well-known, and the record is auto-
matically played over and over as long as desired.
By means of a clock (of the typt known as a radio
clock, now on the market) the phonograph can be^ set
in operation at any pre-arranged time. The clock
can be set so that the phonograph starts operating.

What ii Gravitation?

Editor, Science Questions and Answer*:

  If, as Einstein's latest generalization seems to im-
ply, gravitation and electro-magnetism are more or
less similar forms of the universal energy, is it to be
assumed that there may be surrounding every material
body or group of bodies a gravitational field some-
what allied to the magnetic field adjoining a magnet?
If so. may it not be that gravitation extends only a
measurable distance beyond our and other galaxies
and is, therefore, not actually universal in space?

  I do not know that there is any objective evidenco
or proof that mutual inter-relations exist between our
Galaxy and other “Universes” myriad millions of
light-years distant in the void.

  There seems to be some evidence that our solar sys-
tem is moving as a unit among the stars and, per-
haps, that our Galaxy is turning on an axis of its own.
Maybe it is a gigantic gyroscope forever whirling
in one plane in one corner of “Space" I
W. S. Varnum,

                       La Habra, Calif.

                                                0

 The illustration herewith shows
how one might learn while sleep-
ing, by the Gernsback “Hypnobio-
scope’*. The circuit consists of an
electric phonograph, a radio am-
plifier; a repeater, an electric clock
and a helmet with headphones.

let us say. at 2 A. M. in the morninsr, and keeps on
onerntine until 3 A. M.. or any other time selected.
T^e subject uses a so-called aviator's helmet, with a
uair of headphones, which is attached to a magnetic
pickup or phonograph pickup. This headgear is pre-
ferable because it is not likely to get out of place
when the sleeper turns around in his sleep and
changcs his position.

  It is necessary for the subject to wear the attach-
ment for several nights without any attempt to oper-
ate it in order to become used to the headgear; the
first two nighta. as a rule, the user does not sleep
very well.

  By means of a small amplifier, the electrical pickup
system illustrated amplifies the sound to any pre-ar-
ranged strength, and the sounds thus reach the
sleeper at any pre-determined volume.

  Of course, any sort of phonograph record may be

used; and Mr. Gernsback suggests that a most prac-
tical use for the Hypnobioscope today is in the learn-
ing of foreign languages. By means of suitable rec-
ords, the language can be learned while the subject
is at sleep. It is merely a question of repeating the
record over and over again, in order to drum the les-
son into the subconscious mind. ‘After a few trials,
the sleeper will quickly determine how long it is neces-
sary to play any particular record. Some sleepers
require a repetition of the record for one hour, others
more; the average perhaps being about three-quarters
of an hour for a 12-inch record. It is not advisable
to use the records for more than one full hour during
any one sleep period, as otherwise the nerves of the
sleeper might become affected.

  We shall be very glad to hear from those who have
tried the Hypnobioscope described.—Managing Editor)

  (We believe that there is much to substantiate Mr.
Varnum's view that “universal gravitation” as we
perccive it, may be only the way that (he attraction
between material bodies manifests itself in the neiRh-
bivrhood of our earth, that is in our solar system.
We have very little evidence that the inverse square
law of Newton holds throughout the entire universe.

  Science has not yet been able to explain the basis 1
cf gravitation. Assuming that interstellar space is
empty, science has not explained why two bodies can
attract each other across this gulf of emptiness. The
ether was invented some years ago as a device which
might explain gravitation. That is, assuming there
was an ether, the force of gravitation could be exer-
cised by disturbing the ether in some unknown way.

  The latest and most interesting theory of how gravi-
tation acts is contained in “The Dynamic Universe”
(Scribner's) reviewed in this issue. Mr. Mackaye,
the author, contends that there is an ether filled with
radiations of so short a wavelength that it pervades
all matter. Nothing can stop it. This radiation, liko
light, exercises a pressure in all directions. When it
passes through a material body however part of the
radiations are changed and some of them lose their
pressure-producing power. Now if there wero
only one body in the universe, nothing resembling
gravitation would occur for the change in radiation
would be the same in every direction. But given
two bodies as the earth and moon the space be-
tween them is filled with a great deal of the prea-
sureless radiations. Inasmuch as both bodies have
pressing on them the pressure producing radiations
there exists a tendency for the bodies to draw to-
gether. This tendency Mr. Mackaye calls gravitation.
Although this theory is open to many arguments it is
an approach to an understandable gravitational pheno-
menon that might act oniversally.—Editor)
IN this department we Bhall publish every month
your opinions. After ail, this is your magazine
and it is edited for you. If we fall down on the
choice of our stories, or if the editorial board slips
up occasionally, it is up to you to voice your opin-
ion. It makes no difference whether your letter is
complimentary, critical, or whether it contains a good

Better Than These

Editor, WONDER STORIES-.

  Indulging heavily in listing the stories that they
deem good, not so good, or had; praising or knocking
the contents of WONDER STORIES and pointing out
button-holcs in the authors' science, social, and gen-
eral facts, the readers overlook much choice material
that they should have included somewhere in their
letters—even if in a postcript. For example, the ten-
dency among the authors to forget their own past
stories. If we readers can’t set them right, perhaps
they could go back to last year in one of their hypo-
thetical time-machines, re-read their stories of that
date and then return to 1931 with corrected data.

  Take one Edsel Newton. He wrote a story con-
taining one heroine with one Christian name. Then
he wrote another story, injected the same heroine in
it, and altered her name. I forget the name myself
now, so can’t say just how it was changed. If it had
been Helen in the first story, it’d have been EUen in
the sequel. This same author, by the way, misstated
that "Harold and Wilbur Wright invented the air-
plane.”

  And “The Rescue from Jupiter". You need not
purchase a time-machine or a memory course to re-
call that Nina, heroine of that story, was black—as
tar—albeit suppositiously beautiful. But in “The Re-
turn from Jupiter,” the same girl has slim, white hands,
according to the author. Mayhaps she WO* wearing
gloves, or the scientists of Neina had wonderful bleach-
ing agents. Quwain Edwards could have, divulged the
secret for the benefit of his colored readers ....

  And seriously, 1 wish to say this. There is no
reason whatsoever for keeping the standard of science
liction low in the common dirt, all the while bending
every effort toward raising it to popularity. The mat-
ter of the wild-west wovers and the pulp-paper is now

?uite hoary and I, who have read science fiction Bince
lugo Gernsback inaugurated it as periodical, have
given up hope of having a white paper sciencei_ fiction
magazine. That is reserved for future attainment;
1940 may bring such prosperity that pulp paper will
be obsolete.

  But contents of said magazine, that is entirely dif-
ferent. Must you need print such tripe for producing
nightmares as “The Terrible Monster,” •‘Great Green
Things," “The Dome-headed Men from Pluto,” and
the like ? It is not science fiction. Why not more—
and more really entertaining and informing stories of
electromagnetism, chemistry and medicine, biology
(“The Man who Evolved” for a good model), and
mechanics; instruction that is not vague reference
to “rays,” “electrons,” or not even that. Intrigue be-
tween scientists, inventors, people of other worlds.
Only a few of your authors handle it with mature skill
and interest. Most have their characters common ad-
venturers—Tom, Dick, and Harry—and at times a
“Sally”. Gawain Edwards and Von Hanstein are the
best writers you havn; D. H. Keller can write well,
too. when he feels likp it.

  Your stories of the future inevitably reveal that
men of the future are pugnacious enough to battle with
the heroes. As suggested by others, why not give
preference to those stories that are both futuristic and
afford food for thought. Stuff like Wells’, upon whose
work most modern science fiction is based. Social,
economic, as well as political, and personal (sexual)
developments of the future make interesting reading.

  The editors, I think, are sided with the negatives in
the “Love? Yes-no-” controversy. At any rate, when
a heroine trots into a story, she is always beauteous
and her sole purpose, seemingly, is to be an object

old-fashioned brick bat. All are equally welcome.
All'of your letters, as much as space will allow* wiu
be published here for the benefit of all. Due to tno
large influx of mail, no communications to this de-
partment are answered individually unless <2oc u*
stamps to cover time and postage is remitted.

which the hero may embrace, utter a few words to, or
be pursued by a lustful villain. You believe that *
large majority of your readers are young Btudents—■
men. Then why the discarding of ‘ Science I a.
large percentage of your large majority are women
students. We may be as interested in science ana in-
vention and social problems as v/e are alleged to bo in

PCheapening and masculating (don’t think that I
want an “e” prefixed to the last word!) the magazine
means that we change our minds while the other pat-
rons of newstands look on, and take a movie or true
story” magazine instead ....	,

  And despite this, I sometimes wonder if any of tne
throe most popular five-cent -weeklies would deign to
print a science-story unless Sir Arthur (’onan Doyle
wrote it? And certainly the young readers of theso
publications, rich or poor, arc no more advanced in-
tellectually after perusing them than after reading suco
b “science” story as "The Terror of Aryl”.

  The former, stories of rich bourgeoisie and their lovd
affairs, people who indifferently accept the fruits Of
scientists and inventors .... Take a census of the
science knowledge of the white paper readerB: more
information about racketeering and movie idols than
of Einstein and the vastness of the universe; more
about the prices of diamonds and how to get them
easily than of the allomorphism of carbon; less facts
about the probable destination of civilization than of
the etiquette of eating, drinking, dressing, petting.
"Science Fuction” is at least better than these.

                      (Miss) K. E. Wright,
                      Northfield, N. J.

  (Miss Wright throws a challenge into the faco Of
science fiction that it cannot well ignore. We admit
in all truthfulness that there is much to be said for
her indictment; and we have been conscious of it for
some time. We admit that science fiction cannot
grow by merely feeding on “wild west stories of the fu-
ture”. " Our caution to authors has always been to
inject into the story a background that will point out
a lesson, provide food for thought, stimulate the mind.

  Naturally, it is not always easy to do this. The
art of writing these stories is young, in fact the editor
of WONDER STORIES started the first science fic-
tion magazine in the world only as far back as 1926.
Before that the only science fiction known consisted
of the Wells, Verne and Conan Doyle classics, a scat-
tering of novels by other writers who took a tempor-
ary fancy to a scientific theme, and an occasional,
a very occasional magazine story.

  We are sincerely trying to see in what way science
fiction can most fulfill its purpose, aud we are try-
ing to train authors to an enlightened viewpoint on it.
Naturally all of this takes time. But the progress is
gratifying.	'

  The work is beginning to bear fruit, here and there
young writers are emerging who show true ability—a
generation of truly effective writers are growing up
who will challenge Wells and Verne for their laurels.
It is our aim to seek out these writers and to en-
courage them.

  Meanwhile, as we improve each issue to make it bet-
ter than the last, we are conscious as Miss Wright
states that, confronted with the magazines of “eating,
drinking, dressing and petting,” that we are better
than these.

  We invite further comments from Miss Wright
indicating how science fiction may be improved. In-
cidentally, we call to Miss W'right’s attention von
Hanstein’s “Utopia Island” and tne exploits of Elsa,
who certainly is a fulfillment of modern womanhood.
—Editor)

(Continued on Faye 134)
WONDER STORIES

133

r JUST ACRC
r 5THCET rn

U.S. PAT. OFF

 TO WHOM IT

MAY COMQIRM

 Name

 Address

] All draw-	_

I ings and	|- -

/ spccifica-	fc

K tions are	K

 prepared	V

in my officcs.	I- I'^'l

                                                Above Is a view of my drafting and speci-
                                                flcation offices where a large staff of experi-
                                                enced experts are in my constant employ.

INVENTION

 BLANK

Protect Your Ideas

TAKE FIRST STEP TODAY — ACTION COUNTS

If you have a useful, practical, novel idea for any new article or for an im-
provement on an old one, you should communicate with a competent Regi-
stered Patent Attorney AT ONCE. Every year thousands of applications for
patents are filed in the U. S. Patent Office. Frequently two or more applications
are made for the same or substantially the same idea (even though the inventors
may live in different sections of the country and be entirely unknown to one an-
other.) In such a case, the burden of proof rests upon the last application filed.

Delays of even a few days in filing the application sometimes mean the loss of a
patent. So lose no time. Get in touch with me at once by mailing the coupon
below.

        Prompt, Careful and Efficient Service

This large, experienced organization devotes its entire time and attention to patent
and trademark cases. Our oifices are directly across the street from the U. S.

Patent Office. We understand the technicalities of patent law. We know the
rules and requirements of the Patent Office. We can proceed in the quickest, safest
and best ways in preparing an application for a patent covering your idea. Our
success has been built on tho strength of careful, efficient, satisfactory service to inventors
and trademark owners located in every state in the Union.

         Strict Secrecy Preserved—Write Me in Confidence

All communications, sketches, drawings, etc.. are held in strictest confidence in strong, steel,
fireproof files, which are accessible only to authorized members of my staff. Feel free ta
m1ReQ'rme r and frankly: Ifc i3 Pfobable that I can help you. Highest references. But
I’IRSi—clip the coupon and get my free book. Do THAT right now.

U?,fo,f. Info*-marton on How to Proceed. The booklet shown here contains
valuable information relating to patent procedure that every inventor should have. And with
it I will send you my "Record of Inven-
tion form, on which you can sketch your
idea and establish its date before a wit-
ness. Such evidence may later prove* valu-
able to you. Simply mail the coupon and
I will send you the booklet, and the “Record
of Invention” form, together with detailed
information on how to proceed and the
costs involved. Do this NOW. No need
to lose a minute’s time. The coupon will
bring you complete information entirely
without charge or obligation.

Mail this Coupon NOW.

  CLARENCE A. OBRIEN
  Registered Patent Attorney

Member of Bar of: Supreme Court of the
United States; Court of Appeals, District
of Columbia; Supreme Court, District of
Columbia; United States Court of Claims.
PRACTICE CONFINED EXCLUSIVELY
TO PATENTS TRADEMARKS AND
COPYRIGHTS

CLARENCE A. O’BRIEN

Registered Patent Attorney

4864 Security Savings and Commercial Bank Bldg.,
Washington, D. C.

— OR —

Suite 1106, Dept. L-T, Woolworth BIdg.,

                New York City
 Please send me your Free Book, "IIow to Obtain a Patent.” and
 your "Record of Invention” form without any cost or obligation
 on my part.

 (important: Write IMainiy^l^Vddress^ffice^^carest You)
134

iWONDER STORIES

      itS AAA WILL BE PAID TO ANYONE
      $J,UUUwHO PROVES THAT THIS

         is not tho actual photo of myself showing
         my superb physique and how the Iloss Sys-
         tem has increased my own height to 0
         ft. 3 3-4 inches.

        Hundreds of Testimonials. Clients up to
        *5 years old gain I to 6 In. in few weeks.

        No Appliances. No drugs. No dieting. First in 1907
        Ross System Never Fails. Fee Ten Dol- First Today
        lars Complete. Convincing Testimony and Particulars
        6 cent stamp. ‘Allow time for return malls across the
        Atlantic.” G. MALCOLM ROSS, Height Specialist,
        Scarborough, England (P. 0. Box 15).

           Jo Any Suit!

              f Double the life of your
              . coat and vest with correctly
              matched pant.^. 100,000 patterns.

                Every pair hand tailored to your measure; no
                •■readymades.” Our match sent FREE for
                'your 0. K. before pants are made. Fit guar-
                anteed.

Send piece of eloth or vest today.
SUPERIOR MATCH PANTS COMPANY
115 S. Dearborn St. Dept. 581 Chicago

Five Sections.
Brass hound.
Powerful Lenses.

Big3ft.TeIescope

    10-Mile range. Special Eye Piece for looking
    at the sun, included FREE. Can be used as a
    Microscope. Guaranteed. Big value. Post-
    paid $1.75. O. O. D. 15c extra.

   BENNER & COMPANY, T-76, TRENTON, N. J.

 BRINDEKVIKEN MICROPHONE BUT-
 JTON—Powerful Speech and Phonograph
 Amplifier—Detectophone, etc., etc. One
 Unit 95c^-two, $1.70, with 12-page book-
 let of experiments. Sent C. O. D. in |
 1J. S.: foreign—cash with order, PKESS
 GUILD, INC., 16 Murray St., Dept
 A-631 New York, N. Y.
 mu ft o ,a q p p o 6

LONELY HEARTS

                    LET oa arrange a romantic correspon-
                    dence for yon. Meet yoor sweetheart
                    thro the world's foremost high-class

        _______social correspondence dob, a clnb for ter

                   fined lonely people. Members every-
     where; strictly CONFIDENTIAL, efficient and dignified
     service. Wo have made thonsands of lonely people
     happy, why not yoo? Write /or FREE Particulars.

    EVA MOORE. BOX 908. JACKSONVILLE, FLA .

  I	HAVE A SWEETHEART FOR YOU

 CATALOGUE

who appreciate the unusual. Write for
Illustrated catalogue and specimen,
enclose 10 cents for mailing charge.
_ ISKOR PRESS. INC., 19 Park Plaee,
, Dept. A-631 New York. N. Y.

TJ A HT17TVFTC Write for Free Guide Book,
JT J\ J. JCjII X O “HOW TO OBTAIN A PAT-
ENT” and Record of Invention
Blank. Send model or sketch and description of your
invention for our Free Opinion whether it comes within
Patent Office Rnles. RADIO and ELECTRICAL Cases
A Specialty. Prompt, Efficient Service.

► PAYMENT OF FEES IN INSTALLMENTS
[VICTOR J. EVANS & CO.. 923 9th, Washington, D, C.

THE READER SPEAK?

(Continued, from Paye 132)

The American Interplanetary Society;

Editor, WONDER STORIES:

  It may interest your readers to know that the Amer-
ican Interplanetary Society has just completed its first
year of existence, and looks forward to a most ener-
getic second year in pursuing its aims.

  The Society has practically completed the first lap
of Hs reeearc' on the possibilities and tises of the
rocket, and i oends to continue this research for an-
other year before publishing a complete report, which
shall be the first extensive survey on the rocket in
English.

  We plan also to extend tho size and scope of our
monthly Bulletin, to make of it a real magazine that
ehall publish all the news, both of America and abroad
dealing with developments in astronautics and rocketry.
It will also contain the reports of the Society’s mem-
bers on the rocket, as well as interesting general arti-
cles on the various phases of interplanetai-y travel.

  Plans are also maturing for a campaign of actual
experimentation on the rocket which we shall be ready
to carry out before the end of this year. The Society
is also completing plans for the formation of an In-
ternational Interplanetary Commission which shall co-
ordinate the work of tho national societies and plan
to solve the problems of astronautics on a world wide
basis.

  While tho growth of the Society during the past
year was very promising, we hope to extend uuring
this year the scope aud field of our activities and mem-
bership. We have members now in thirty-six states,
in Canada, Mexico, France, and Russia. To your
readers we offer our active and associate memberships,
giving to lovers of science fiction a chance to assist
ip the bringing to realization of the dream of all
interplanteary travel I

  The officers elected for the coming year were David
Lasser, president; G. Edward Pendray, vice-president;
Laurence Manning, treasurer; Nathan Schachner, secre-
tary; and Dr. William" Lemkin, librarian. Information
about the Society and the classes of membership can
be obtained by writing to the secretary at the address
below.

         Nathan Schachner, Secretary,

      AMERICAN INTERPLANETARY SOCIETY.
      113 West 42nd Street,

        New York.

  (The growth and influence of the American Inter*
planetary Society is extending very rapidly, and is
becoming a real force for the development of astro-
nautics. We extend to the Society our cordial best
wishes, for the success of its second year. The meeting
of the Society on the 27th of January at tho American
Museum of Natural History in New York, by which it
brought before America the splendid German film, “By
Rocket to the Moon,” and whieh will be the cause of
the sending of the film to every American city, alono
makes it worthy of America’s support.—Editor)

The Earth’s Tail

Editor, WONDER STORIES:

  In regard to Mr. W. E.- Wilson’s inquiry about a
tail appended to the earth, in hia letter in the last
WONDER STORIES, let me make this suggestion:
The Gegenschein, or counter-glow, which is a faint
lijjht in the sky, directly opposite the sun—as a com-
et s tail always is—has been explained as a possible
tail of the earth. It is very faint, but is said to be
perhaps ten degrees in diameter. I have never been
able to see it. The Milky,Way makes it invisible dur-
ing the middle of the summer and the middle of the
winter. It has been suggested also that the counter-

S'ow is akin to the Zodiacal Light, an illumination in
e plane of the ecliptic, extending to perhaps 90 deg-
rees from the sun, and probably caused by a very
tenuous cloud of cosmic dust, whose particles mav re-
volve about the sun in orbits similar to that of the
earth, mostly within the earth's orbit, reflecting sun-
light.

  If the counter-glow is really a tail like that of a
comet, it would seem that the other planets near the
sun should possess them, which they have not been
observed to do.

  With cordial best wishes for the continued BucceSB
Of WONDER STORIES.

                      Jack Williamson,

                      East Star Route,

                    Elida, New Mexico
             (Continued on Page 136)
WONDER STORIES

135

H. G. WELLS depicts life!

AN EPIC

forever to be remembered

THE SCIENCE OF LIFE

The Story of all Things Living

Most Startling Truths About—

A BIRD WHO “SETS A
STAGE” FOR HIS OWN
WEDDING

THAT HUMAN BODIES CON-
TAIN SEVERAL GYRO-
SCOPES

THAT HUMAN BEINGS
HAVE FISHES' GILL AND
MONKEYS* TAILS

THE FROG THAT HAD NO
FATHER

A HYPNOTIZED CRAYFISH

THE AGE OLD CHIN OF
KING ALFONSO

THE THIRD SEX OF SCIENCE

AN OLD MAN AT 13

THE ROOSTER THAT LAYS
EGGS

and hundreds of other phenom-

 inal discoveries are unfolded in

 this thrilling drama—

 1^ EVEALED to us by H. G. Wells are the profound

      mysteries of science—narratives of nature’s life that for
 the longest time have never been disclosed. Finally, in amaz-
 ing truths, the riddles of life—of living things, plants, rep-
 tiles, mammals, fish, insects, man, etc., that have puzzled
 scientists through the ages are dramatized by this world-
 famous author.

 A reading of each volume is thoroughly convincing that tho
 chapters are unforgettable; you will enjoy and understand
 these books—find them helpful and most enlightening.

 Your library should contain “The Science of Life/’ in 4 vol-
 umes—H. G. Wells greatest works since his famous Outline
 of History.

4 Epoch-making Volumes

The Science of Life is published in 4 Vol-
umes, 6%x9 Vz inches, durably bound in
black vellum cloth with gold stamped cover.
The entire set contains 1548 pages, profuse-
ly illustrated with diagrams, charts and
photographs. This stupendous work con-
tains more than 600,000 words, printed on
an excellent quality of paper with type that
eases reading and prevents eye-strain. This
set of books will last a life-time.

Complete in 4 Volumes

                       
RUSH     COUPON  TODAY 
GRENPARK COMPANY  WS-S 
245 Greenwich Street, New York, N. Y.

I enclose herewith $6.00 for which you are to send
me, postage prepaid, H. G. Wells latest works. “The
Science of Life,” complete in four volumes, the price
for which is $12.00. Within the next 30 days I will
send you the- balancel of $6.00, making a total of
$12.00 for the set. If remittance is sent in full, 10%
may be deducted.

Name .................................................................................-........-

City ....................................................................................

State ..........................................................-............-..................—
136

lWONDER STORIES

THE READER SPEAKS

(Continued from Page 134)

FREE!

A 98-page book containing the classic
Interplanetary Story of all times. . . .

By Garret Smith

   t'ROM a selection of many famous old clas-
 sics, there has been selected the most
 fascinating, and perhaps the greatest classic
 of interplanetary stories, and reprinted in
 modern book form with flexible covers. This
 wonderful volume, entitled ‘Between Worlds’,
 should be included in every library, and the
 opportunity to get it FREE is yours if you
 act quickly.

  To readers of WONDER STORIES, both
new and old, this handsomely bound book will
be given with one years’ subscription to WON-
DER STORIES. Regardless of when your
subscription expires, you may renew it at this
time and get this book for your library.

   Simply clip the coupon below—mail it with
 your remittance and you will receive WON-
 DER STORIES each month for the next year.

WONDER STORIES	WS-G31

 96-98 Park Placc, New York, N. Y.

   As per your special offer, I enclose herewith my re-
 mittance of $2.50 (check or money order accepted) for
 which you are to enter my subscription for one year to
 WONDER STORIES, and also send me absolutely free,
 by return mail, a copy of ‘Between Worlds’.

Name ......-....................—............................;.....................

City.................................... State

  (We are very glad to present Mr. Williamson’s ex-
planation to our readers. Wo understand that a dis-
cussion of Qegenschein appeared in the March, 1931
issue of tho Scientific American.—Editor)

The Supreme Qualification

Editor, WONDER STORIES:

  Just a note of appreciation for the new form of
WONDER STORIES, but, appreciation especially, for
one of the stories published in the March issue, “The
Synthetic Monster” by Francis Flagg. Flagg’s stories
are 60 realistic, that the reader can’t help but live
them. They absorb one to the point of cutting away
all workaday ties with this busy world. And believe
me, that is the supreme qualification needed by the
writers of science fiction, in putting their work
across to the reader.

  Flagg’s stories never fail to do this. Another point
to his credit, is, whenever he makes reference to tech-
nical or scientific data, he does so with such fine skill
that these technicalities are read as avidly as if they
formed part of the action of his stories. Too many
stories by other writers are spoiled to me, through the
unskillful introduction of tiresome technical details that
provoke skipping, and often one discovers that this
skipped technical matter bears directly on the plot
and one has to go back and wade through passages
that might have come out of a college textbook.

  However, whenever I begin to read a Francis Flagg
story, I know right away that I will not have to skip
any passages, because every one of his stories I have
read has been so masterfully constructed, that I have
never failed to read every word he has written. Give
us more of Francis Flagg’s stories in WONDER STOR-
IES.

                        John Tibbets,

                      401 So. 33rd St.,

                        San Diego, California.

  (We can only say "correct’ to Mr. Tibbets’ re*
marks.—Editor)

Not Published for 69 Year*!

Editor, WONDER STORIES-.

  The April issue of “our” WONDERFUL magazmo
has just arrived.

  The cover is fair. I can’t say that it makes my
heart palpitate madly (which would show, as I am
only human, that I was excited) or anything of tho
sort. It’s just medium.

  But the stories 1—they make up for my lack of en-
thusiasm over the cover Welcome back to "our”'
magazine Miss Leslie F. Stone, welcome back I It’s
been a long while since we’ve had one of Miss Stone’s
remarkable stories grace the pages of WONDER STOR-
IES. “The Conquest of Gola” is one of her very,
best. I should like to sec a sequel to her "Women
with Wings."

  "The Emperor of the Stars” by Schachner and
Zagat. (Comment unnecessary!) "An Adventure in
Futurity is par excellence. Same applies to the “Sar-
gasso Monster” and "Great Green Things.” And now
about “The Man who Evolved” and “The Return from
Jupiter.” Mr. Edward’s sequel deserves far more
praise than I can give it. Let some learned gram-
marian “pat on the back" Mr. Edwards. “The Man
who Evolved” is engrossing, thrilling, starkly con-
vincing! Another masterpiece to your credit, Mr.
Hamilton!

  The next issue is an all-star one from all appear-
ances. Mr. Starzl, Repp and von Hanstein are Bure
to present us with new and astounding stories.

  A great war over whether time-traveling could be
or could not now seems to be raging. No one knoioa,
that’s certain. I believe it is possible but neverthe-
less would like to present an entirely different, I be-
lieve, paradox. This is quite different from “killing
Grandma" and the rest. Here it is: Prof. Bryl travels
into the year 2000. He walks the streets of New
York, in this distant age, and purchases tho Sol, 2000
issue of WONDER STORIES.

  "Ah!” he probably exclaims to himself, “look at
this marvelous cover by Paul!’” Our Prof. Bryl re-
turns to the year 1931 with his "all-star” issue of
WONDER STORIES. He copies down on the type-
writer one of the stories contained in this magazine.
He calls it his own. It is not plagiarism for the
story will not be published for 69 years! He fiends
the story to Hugo Gernsback. Mr, Gernsback accepts
WONDER STORIES

137

and prints it. It is acknowledged as tlie work of Pro..
Bryl. When it is published in the future if it w“8
supposed to be written by anyone else than Frof.
Bryl it would be called plagiarism. Yet if it is re-
printed and admitted to be by the said I rof., when he
went into the future he would have found a*»story by
him, in a magazine, that he had never written. And
BO on ad infinitum.	.	. . ,, ,

  Am pleased to hear that the movie ‘The Girl in the
Moon" is to be shown throughout the country. I
would bo very pleased to hear from some one in JNew
I York who was allowed the pleasure of viewing the

®1CtUTe*	Forrest J. Ackerman

                      530 Staples Tvenue,

                       San Francisco, Calif.

^ (Mr. Ackerman has thrown into the editorial sanc-
tum a veritable bomb. Perhaps, now it is possible
that some of the stories we use are reprints of vol-
ume 71, of the year 2.0001 What are we to dot
If we refuse to publish them now, on the grounds of
stealing the fruits of the future, we will deprive our
present readers of the stories, and by doing that we
may so restrict our present stories that those who
look upon us now as inspiration for future genera-
tions will not receive it. Science fiction may be so
blocked, therefore, that no stories will be published
at all in the year 2,000. We call upon our readers.
What Bhall we do?—Editor)

The Penalty of Superiority

Editor, WONDER STORIES:	v

  I have just finished the April number of your
magazine. I certainly enjoyed it. Since you changed
the size you have been steadily improving. Keep up
the good work. As the pioneer of science fiction you
must always remain the leader.

  Three of the stories in this number are as fine as
anything I have read. “The Emperor of the Stars”
Is an adventure in scientific fantasy that ranks in the
forefront of imaginative romance. Tho basic concep-
tion is daring, the existence of another cosmos be-
sides our own, where altogether different physical
laws prevail. And the adventures of the heroes is
good action stuff. The authors of this little epic
nave been setting new marks for fiction of this type.
I hope that they will give us more of their works
"An Adventure in Futurity” is another splendid
narrative. The author succeeds in erecting an en-
tirely credible civilization of the future. I like par-
ticularly his novel device of having a man of the future
come back to the present with a time traveling mach-
ine. This obviated, beautifully, the threadbare and
rather incredible method of having a man of our time
60 great a genius as to invent a time machine with-
out a background of long experiment, of many failures,
euch as all modern inventions have required before
their completion.

  But I do think the author might have been ingen-
ious enough to figure out some way in which man of
the future could succeed in saving Earth for our
race.

  “Tlio Man who Evolved” is not really a story, but
a scientific treatise. However, the thing is very well
done. One follows with bated breath the various stag-
es in man’s evolution, wondering what is to come next.
And the final episode! Wow 1

  Leslie Stone’s story might have been splendid. The
ideas aro all there. But somehow it is unsatisfying.
Perhaps I find it so because it violates two funda-
mental emotions in me, pride of race and prido of sex.
We humans may be just crawling bugs on an infin-
itesimal rock in an immensity of space. But we like
to think of ourselves as the noblest works of Nature.
We resent any aspersions on this conception of our
own worth.

  The other two short stories are a couple more of
thoso things. Hundreds of yarns just like them have
appeared in the science fiction magazines, and, I sup-
pose will continue to appear. But why should you
inflict them on us? Please, Mr. Editor, if you must
resort to space fillers, choose at least novel themes.

  I had almost forgotten tho last installment of “The
Return from Jupiter.” Just fair. I expect much
better from Gawain Edwards. Had the serial been
written by somebody else I might have been better
pleased. But Mr. Edwards has set so high a stand-
(Continued on Page 139)

Get your

RADIO

Training

From America’s
finest Radio School

THE man who really wants to become an expert
in radio ... who knows that the better his foun-
dation, the better his chances... and who is willing
to spend a year preparing himself ... such a man will
make no decision until he has read the complete story
of RCA Institutes, Inc.

A Good Foundation Vital

Like other professions, radio rewards only those who
excel. The poorly trained will never rise higher than
the place in which they started. Others will climb step
by step to positions of power in radio telephony ...
broadcasting ... sound pictures ... aviation radio...
radio merchandising. And among these will be those
who planned years in advance . . . studied, worked,
Btuck to it.

You are making your decision right now, how well you
will fit yourself. So decide wisely. To be a graduate of
RCA Institutes stamps you as a man who knows the
real worth of a good foundation. As one who knows
that a year of training now, under America’s finest radio
instructors, is the surest way to acquire the knowledge
and skill you must have.

You Can Study At Home

You do not have to give up your present position to enjoy
the benefits of RCA Institutes training. You may study
at home in your spare time... or at any of our resident
schools throughout the country. The Home Laboratory
Training Course includes a complete set of radio equip*
ment of the most modem design.

Send For Our Free Book

If you have read this far... you have already indicated
that you are the type of man who should study radio.
This may be the big turning point of your life. You will
not rest until you have sent for our free book that tells
you the complete story of what RCA Institutes offers
you. Fill in and mail the coupon below right now. There
is plenty of time for investigation ... but no time for
delay in getting all the vital facts.

RCA INSTITUTES, Inc.

RCA INSTITUTES. Inc.

Dept. NP-6

76 Varick St., New York, N. Y.

Gentlemen: Please send me yonr FREE book which tells
about your laboratory method of radio instruction at home.

Name—
Address.

 Occupation.
138

WONDER STORIES

ATLANTIC CITYS d-

 NEWEST CENTRALLY LOCATED \
 HREPROOF HOTEL C-

HOTEL LUDY^

Around the corner from the
Little Church around the Corner

   SOUTH CAROLINA AVE.
   AT THE BOARDWALK

 $2.50, EUROPEAN PLAN
 $5.00, AMERICAN PLAN

  GARAGE ATTACHED

MADISON AVENUE
H 29th Street

 New York City

            A hotel of distinction and comfort within
            walking distance of shopping and amuse-
            ment centers. Five minutes from Times
            Square, Pennsylvania Station and Grand
            Central Terminal.

Room $ ^ .00 Per

and Bath	Day Up

                                Convenient to all
                                points of interest

Hotel Seville

“THE AVENGING RAY”
is the new offering of our popular newcomer
A. Rowley Hilliard

  An intensely realistic story of an experiment
that got out of hand, and nearly upset a contin-
ent.

“WHEN PLANETS CLASHED’*

By Manley Wade Wellman

is a fair, unbiased but exciting version of 021 in-
terplanetary war.

“THE EMPIRE OF GLASS”

By Frank Miloche,

is a time travelling story of a new and original
type, picturing the death gasps of a civilization
that is beaten.

The first exploration of Pluto, mystery planet
of the solar system
is offered to you in
Stanton H. Coblentz’
powerful novel
“INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS”

  The adventure of two men on that lonely world,
outpost of the solar system, will grip you not
only with the terrific drama, the magnificent scenes
of that underworld life, but with that biting satire
tnat is the weapon of our author.

Read also of the exciting'
“INTERPLANETARY PLOT CONTEST”

These stories and more in the
SPRING 1931 WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY
NOW ON SALE ALL NEWSSTANDS
WONDER STORIES

139

li3®wT3v\W\ |^>we*t P*Ims on Barth I

 i•afitrti t* tHI Tbounands of satisfied tire oicra all over
 \Q{flt£i }	? the U.S.A. Oar 16 year* of booineaa ■ peaks

                     for Itaelf .This biflr responsible company will
 nlllpfii mShv- »0PP>y you with reconstructed standard
 fdjilRlJl Hr'-'- \ maketiree at lowest priree in history—

B J11	l ®UWIBtt«l t Ogive 12 months' service

|wl| Don’tDelay-Order Today

I	,s:ll?ssi.tvlv„

cmHi-t'fta, X- i sox 3 *2.20*1.00 29x4.4092.30*1.10
80x3>6 2.2S 1.00 29x4.50 2.40 1.15
i"’4 295 1If> 80x4.60 2.45 1 20
Hmrw!r!TTrnf« 8214 2-95 1,6 sox4.»6 2.90 i.*s
SSl4 2 98 115 28x6.26 2.93 1.S5
HW1B332H3 84x4 2-so 115 8016.26 2.95 i.ss
HiSIyJWTPBTFT/ S*4ft 3-20 , 45 81*6.25 3.tO 1.86
WH* WttLfcl.IHI'M 83x4*.4 3.20 1.45 80x6.77 3.20 1.40
S4x4)-S 3.45 1.45 52x6.00 3.20 1.40
WWi¥S^^ffnF I !,0x* *-60 I-76 83x6.00 3.20 1.45

               *	88x| 3.60 1.76 82x6.*0 3.30 1.66
88x6 4.4S 1.76 All Other SUM
DIALERS s«n<l Only SI. 00 dtpoiH with each eira
ymr ANTKD ordered. We chip balance C. O. D. Deduct 6
J" ,	** percent if ca»h in foil wcompulu order.

 Tires fail ins to ffiva 12 months service will be replaced at half pries,
 •YORK TIRE * RUBBER COMPANY. D*p«. 107-A
 3455 Cottage Grove Ave.	Chicago. |||.

30 Showlnp this Scientific Marvel to Men. New
Principle of Igoition. What Makes It Light 7
No Flint or Friction. Ail Guaranteed. Sample with
Sales Plan, 25c Sample Gold. Silver or Chromium
Plated, $1.00. Agents. Write for Proposition.

    NEW METHOD MFG. CO.

Desk SF-6 New Method Bide- Bradford, Pa.

EARN$50001

a Year and More!

Learn the New and
Better system of
DRUGLESS HEALING

FOR THE JULY ISSUE

we offer

  ft really new story, of a worhl-sbaking series of
  events that sprang suddenly upon an unsuspecting
  world. In	N

               “The Time Projector”
  by David Lasscr and David H. Keller, M.D.
  you find, told in grim realism, what would happen,
  if the truth about existence were made known to us.
  In order not to give away the secret we ask you
  to start this novel length story, and be thrown with
  its characters into the tumult of world-shaking
  events ....

Clark Ashton Smith

repeats his triumph of “An Adventure into Futur-
ity” in his new story

“The City of Singing: Flame”

Mr. Smith’s werds burn and grip you. He car-
ries you along to his strange world, where you feel
as he did the overpowering lure of the flame . . .

“The Planet of Despair”

is

R. F. Starzl's

’atest contribution. You learn of the enslavement
of one world to another and how the yoke of
despair was broken when a man pitted his wits
against that of an overpowering race.

In “Rebellion—5000 A.D.’*
by Garth Bentley

we get an intensely dramatic picture of future
worlds, of their strangeness, their problems, their
loves, and hates and wars; their conquests and
greeds. Mr. Bentley has drawn a masterly picture
of what our civilization may have to contend with
3000 odd years hence.

         These and other stories in the
         JULY 1931 WONDER STORIES
         ON ALL NEWSSTANDS JUNE 1

 PATENTS—TRADE MARKS

All cases submitted given personal
attention by members of the firm.
Information and booklet free.

Patent Office & Federal Court Practice
LANCASTER, ALLWINE & ROMMEL
PATENT LAW OFFICES
475 Ouray Bldg., Washington, D. C.

THE READER SPEAKS

(Continued from I’aye 137)

ard in most of his work that we expect superlative
work from him. And when he falls back to the com-
mon level of the ordinary writer we are disappointed.
That’s the penalty of superiority.

 Which goes lor all of WONDER STORIES. You
have been setting a high standard for yourself, if you
fall below it there will be a howl from your readers,
even though you will still be as good as the other
publications in your field.

Maxwell Patterson,

  (The penalty of superiority is indeed difficult to
pay. As .Mr. Patterson indicates it means straining
always to go <uo better. But wo have no intentions
of letting dewn at all. If we can’t do better, we will
not do worse.—Editor)

Dr. Breuer Explains

Editor, WONDER STORIES:

  In regard to Mr. Miller’s question in the May issue
of Wonder Stories, I shall do my best to state an
opinion, but am afraid it will not be very satisfactory.

  In physics, mathematical equations have no a prion
meaning. They are merely abbreviated, approximate
statements of fact. They are not always even exact
statements of fact. Facts are stated in 'mathematical
equations because it can be done more briefly and more
accurately.

  But not every mathematical equation states a fact.
It is possible to string up all sorts of equations that
have a very close resemblance to such equations as do
express physical facts, but which mean nothing, or
about whose meaning we know nothing.

  Therefore, in reply to Mr. Miller’s inquiry as to
wliat is my opinion, I must say that I have none.
There are no data on which to base one. His opinion
is as good as mine, and probably better. I do not
keep thoroughly posted on tho latest developments in
astronomical observations or in experimental physics;
but as far as I know, there Is no data of an ob-
jective character to throw any light whatever on the
(Continued on Paye 140)

A SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT TO NEW
AND OLD READERS will be found on
Page 136. A few minutes spent in reading
it NOW will prove that it is of great in-
terest.

MYSTERY CIGAR LIGHTER
Something Different

MAKE BIG MONEY

A New profession which offers most unusual oppor-
tunities for men and women everywhere—This complete
system of non-medical and non-surgical treatment of
bodily disorders meets a popular and rapidly spread-
ing demand.

       New Unusual Way to Learn at Home
Moving Picture Instruction
Projector and Films Furnished Free
Our amazing new method combines motion picture in-
struction with our time tried and proven plan of
correspondence instruction. We supply everything.
You can quickly become a competent and successful
practitioner. Not only is it possiblo for you to soon
earn $100 a week hut you ran be a prut, bene-
factor to the many who need you.

    SEND FOR OUR FREE TRIAL COURSE
Send 4 cents postage for Free introductory course of
instruction. Learn how you can Quickly achieve
your highest ambitions. WHITE TODAY. Be the
first in your community.

        AMERICAN UNIVERSITY
Chartered 1913 by the State of Illinois
Dept. M-6, 510 N. Dearborn St.	Chicago. III.
140

WONDER STORIES

The Greatest Sin of all Is total IGNORANCE
of the most important subject in the life of
every man and woman—SEX.

AWAY WITH FALSE MODESTY

Let us face the facts of sex fearlessly and
frankly, sincerely and scientifically. Let us
tear the veil of shame and mystery from sex
and build the future of the race on a new
knowledge of all the facts of sex as they are
laid bare in plain, daring but wholesome words,
and frank pictures in the huge new library of
Sex Knowledge.

“MODERN EUGENICS”

Everything a
Married Woman
Should Know—

How to hold a husband
How to have perfect children
How to preserve youth
Warding off other women
Keeping yourself attractive
Why husbands tire of wives
Dreadful diseases due to
Ignorance
Disca.-es of women
Babies and birth control
Twilight sleep—easy childbirth
llow babies are conceived
Diseases of children
Family health guide
Change of life—hygiene
Why children dlo young
Inherited traits and diseases
What will you tell youi grow-
ing girl?

The mystery of twins
Hundreds of valuable
remedies

Accidents and emergencies
Hygiene in the home
Limitation of offspring
The sexual embrace
Warning to young men
Secrets of greater delight
Dangerous diseases
Secrets of sex attraction
Hygienic precautions
Anatomy and physiology
The reproductive organs
What every woman wants
Education of the family
Sex health and prevention

Girls—
Don’t Marry
before you know
all this—

 Tho dangers of Petting
 How to be a vamp
 How to manage the honey-
 moon

 What liberties to allow a

      lover

 Secrets of tho wedding night
 Beauty diets and baths
 Do you know that—

 How to attract desirable men
 How to manage men
 How to know if he loves you
 How to acquire bodily grace
 and beauty
 How to beautify face, hands,
 hair, teeth and feet
 Bow to acqulro charm
 Blow to dress attractively
 intimate personal hygiene
 Bow to pick a husband
 IMPORTANT!	*1

 This work will not be sold to minora. I
 When ordering your book, state your a*e! J

Secrets
for Men—

Mistakes of early marriages
Secret of fascination
Joys of perfect mating
How to make women love
you

Bringing up healthy children
Fevers and contagious diseases

JDm

il.,S , n	Grenpark Company

                            245 Greenwich Si.
                            Dept. WS-631
                            New York, IT. Y.

                             Please send me "Mod*

                           ern Eugenics” SEALED

My 8ge is ............... ln P,aln wrapper. I am

                           sending you $2.98 ln

Name .................... accordance with your

Address .................. special half price oiler.

City and State............

THE READER SPEAKS

(Continued from Vaye 139)

point of whether infinite mass is possible, or even
possible as u theoretical concept sijnilar to tho Fitz-
gerald Contraction.

  I wish to close with the reminder that mathematical
equations are not sorcery; they have no intrinsic
meaning of their own. Unless they are a statement
of some experimental or observational fact, they tell
us nothing. We can write any kiird of a story wo
please upon their basis; and. if we avoid upsetting
what is known, it will make good literature.

                      Miles J. Brouer, M.D.

                      907 Federal Trust Bldg.,
                      Lincoln, Nebraska.

  (We are glad to get from I)r. Breuer this illumin-
ating point of view on the relationship between mathe-
matical equations and actual fact. As he states so
clearly it is not always possible to make a visual pic-
ture of what a mathematical formula means.

  With regard to ono of the postulates of the Fitz-
gerald Contraction equation that the mass of a body
increases with its velocity, experimental evidence was
really adduced in the Kaufmann-Bucherer ‘experi-
ment. Cathode ravs were shot into a magnetic field
and the deviation from their path caused by the field
was studied at various velocities of the rays. Now it
was assumed that at higher velocities tho particles
fcvould naturally deviate less than at lower velocities,
but it was actually found that the lessened deviation
was more marked than could be accounted for merely
by a greater velocity. The only answer could be that
as the velocity increased, the inertial mass increased
also, as postulated by Einstein, and therefore tho rays
were less affected by the field. The assumption
would be that if the speed of the rays were that of
light they would be unaffected by the field at all.—
Editor)

THE DYNAMIC UNIVERSE by James Mac-
 kaye. 300 pages, stiff cloth covers. Size
 G x 8. Published by Charles Scribner’s
 Sons, New York. Price $3.50.

  One of the many unexplainable mysteries of our
physical universe is undoubtedly the nature of gravi-
tation. No satisfactory explanation has yet been of-
fered why two material uncharged bodies attract
across the vastness of interplanetary and perhaps
interstellar space.

  Isaac Newton appeared to have accepted that ac-
tion at a distanco” was quite within reason, but
modern physicists are inclined to doubt that material
bodies could affect each other over a gulf of nothing-
ness. To explain gravitation, and also the transfer-
ence of radiation through space, the ether was in-
vented, and for a full generation its existence has
been a source of violent debate among scientists.
Although Micbebson and Morley. in their classical ex-
periments on the velocity of light, seem to have ef-
fectively destroyed its possible existence, it has lived
on, now in the’author of the present volume to receive
another champion.	_

  Mr. Mackaye postulates three things: 1. That the
Einstein relativity theory is only a “dimensional dis-
guise” for Doppler effects. 2. All matter is only
forms of radiation. 3. Gravitation is but a radia-
tion effect.

  The third principle which perhaps is characteristic
of the other two is based on the belief that all space
is pervaded with pressure-producing radiations.
This is our so-called ether. The radiations are possibly
shorter than anything we know and therefore pass
through all matter as well as all space. But when
they pass through matter their nature is changed
somewhat—some of them losing part of their preBsure-
producing power when they are re-radiated. Now if
there were only one material body in the universe, it
would not be affected since radiations enter and leavo
it equally from all sides. But given two bodies, such
as the earth and moon, between them will be formed
WONDER STORIES

CENTS A DAY"

   A new life insurance policy that sells for less than 3%c a day up,
   depending on your age, is being featured by the Union Mutual
   Life Company, Des Moines, Iowa, that covers death from any
   cause and pays full benefits of

 $1000.00 on Life!

 $5000.00 for Accidental Death

Full Coverage—Legal Reserve—Old Line Insurance

With special Travel Accident features, loan values, disability benefits and paid-up cash
insurance. A regular full coverage policy figured on net cost basis to policyholders
eliminating agents’ commissions and medical examinations.

How We Do It!	Many Thousands of Policy■

yt i o ¥ ir rj	holders • • • Millions of Insur*

Uncle Sam Is Your Agent ance Ire Force

   This direct method eliminates about 60%	Do not confuse this with cheap, small

of the ordinary selling expense on life insur-	coverage policies. This is a regular old line

ance, which totalled the stupendous sum of	£ul1 llfe policy backed by one of the strong-

B7 ThinV	061 mutual life insurance companies in

$603,538,769.87 last year. Think of this tre-	America under State and Federal Supervi-

mendous amount you help to pay agents, sion# Thousands of people already have this
special license fees, etc., that is added to protection totaling millions of insurance in
your life insurance premiums annually. force.

No Medical Examination	X

have thoroughly examined the policy. Simply send name, address, age on coupon below,
and we will send complete information and sample policy. No agent will call—no red
tape.

    If you are not entirely satisfied after a thorough examination that it is the best and
cheapest insurance you can buy, just return the policy and you owe nothing. Write
today, using the coupon below.

  TEN DATS* FREE INSPECTION—Mail This Coupon

UNION MUTUAL LIFE COMPANY OF IOWA,	Box 218

Teachout Building, Des Moines, Iowa.

   Send me your new life insurance policy on 10 Days’ Free Inspection. There Is no
obligation.

Name_____________

Address_____________—.—-----

4ge_Occupation----*
142

WONDER STORIES

CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS

   Advertisements in this section are inserted
   at the cost of ten cents per word for
   each insertion—name, Initial and address
   each count as one word. Cash should ac-
   company all classified advertisements unless
   placed by a recognized advertising agency.
   No less than ten words are accepted. Ad-
   vertising for the July 1931 issue should
   be received not later than May 7th.

DETECTIVES

DETECTIVES Earn Big Money. Excellent oppor-
tunity. Experience unnecessary. Particulars Free.
Write, George Wagner, 2190-B Broadway, N. Y.

FORMULAS

MAKE AND SELL your own products. We will
furnish you any formulas.' Write for our litera-
ture. Chemical Institute, 19S Park Place, New
York, N. Y.

HELP WANTED

POSITIONS on Ocean Liners; Experience un-
necessary. List of positions free. 292-G, ML
Vernon, N. Y.

MISCELLANEOUS

AGENCY desired for any works touching on obvi-
ous infinities of the universe. P. L. Jones, G. P.

O.	Box 543, New York.

PERSONAL

LONESOME FOLKS! Dandy little ladies, de-
sirable gentlemen, everywhere, will marry. Con-
fidential, reliable. Particulars FREE. Mrs. Budd,
Box 753-S, San Francisco, Calif.

ESCAPE from your lonely existence. Valuable
information free. Write today. Box 128-M,
Tiffin, Ohio.

SWEETHEARTS—do you want one? Are you
loneiy? Thousands everywhere awaiting your
acquaintance. Sealed information FREE. Write
today. Box 4707-S, San Francisco, Calif.

PHOTOGRAPHY

PHOTO-ENLARGEMENTS AT HALF-PRICE —

5 x 7—25c; 8 x 10—40c; 16 x 20—$1.50 Glossy or
dull finish. Other sizes proportionate prices. Send
negative. Stamps accepted. Send for circular.
Charles, 210 Chestnut St., Camden. N. J.

SONG POEM WRITERS

SONG poem or melody writers—offer bona fide
proposition. Hibbeler, D153X, 2104 Keystone, Chi-
cago.

j A	I positively guarantee my

  A I || pNl great Successful “Relief”
Compound. Safely relieves
some of the longest, most obstinate, abnormal
cases in 3 to 5 days. No harm, pain or inter-
ference with work. Mail $2.00; Double
Strength, $3.00. Booklet Free. Write today.

DR. B. X. SOUTHINGTON REMEDY CO.
Kansas City, Mo.

I When delayed use FAVORITE
REGULATORS, get quick relief;
. regular	doubly strength, with

valuable directions, only $1 for a
limited time. Trial size 25c. MYCO, Dept. 103, 3235
South Benton, Kansas City. Mo.

LADIES!

MARRY!

   Dept. 58y

                 BIG illustrated Book with
              descriptions sent in plain
              wrapper for ten cents.
              BONAFIDE CO.,

                       Kansas City, Mo.

BOOK REVIEWS

(Continued from Page 140)

a “low pressure” area and thus they will bo forccd
together.

  Looked at hastily, this theory is simplicity itself,
and it begs for acceptance. Mr. Mackaye determined
however to indicate its universality by examining all
that we know of atomic physics as well as tho rpla
tivity principles in order to prove it conclusively. His
book is technical without being mathematical and is
evidently designed for the non-malhematical but scien-
tifically trained reader. In brief it is a theoretical
rather than a mathematical treatise. The principles
he elaborates in order to find a unified conception of
all energy manifestations should serv© vitally to clarify
the battles that have been raging in the world of
physicists as to the nature of things. Meanwhile tho
book is cordially recommended as a somewhat revolu-
tionary yet tenable conception of our universe.

STATEMENT OF THE OWNERSHIP. MANAGEMENT.

 CIRCULATION. ETC.. REQUIRED BY THE ACT OF

  CONGRESS OF AUGUST 24, 1912.

N°Y "for' April	Dub,Isl)ed monthly at New York.

SUto of New York
County of New York

  Before me. a Notary Public, in and for the State and
County aforesaid. personally appeared Irving Manhelmcr. who.
having been duly sworn according to law. desposes and saya
that ha Is the Business Manager of WONDER STORIES,
and that the following Is, to the best of his Knowledge and
belief, a true statement of the ownership, management (and if
a dally paper, the circulation, etc., of the aforcaald publica-
tion for the date shown In the above caption, required by tha
Act of August 24. 1912, embodied in section 411. Postal I.awa
and Regulations, printed on the reverso of this form, to wit:

  1.	That the names and addresses of the publisher, editor,
managing editor, and business managers are:

  Publisher: Stellar Publishing Corporation, 98 Park Place,
New York.

  Editor: Ilugo Gernsback. 98 Park Place. New York.

  Managing Editor: David Lasser, 98 Park Place, New York.

  Business Manager: Irving S. Manhcimcr, 98 Park Place,
New York.

  2.	That the owner Is: (If owned by a corporation, its
name and address must be stated and also Immediately there-
under tho names and addresses of stockholders owning or hold-
ing one per cent or more of total amount of stock. If not
owned by a corporation, the names and addresses of the in-
dividual owners must be given. If owned by a firm, company,
or other unincorporated concern, its name and address, as well
as those of each Individual member, must be given.)

  Stellar Publishing Corporation. 98 Park Place, New York.

  Hugo Gernsback. 98 Park Place, New York.

  Sidney Gernsback. 98 Park Place, New York.

  D. Manhelmcr. 98 Park Place, New York.

  3.	That tho	known bondholders, mortgagees, and other
? erurlty holders owning or holding 1 per cent or more of
total amount of bonds, mortgages, or other securities are: (If
there are none,	so state.)

  None.

  4.	That the two paragraphs next above, giving the names
of the owners, stockholders, and security holders. If any, con
tain, not only the list of stockholders and security holders as
they appear upon tho books of the company but also, in cases
where the stockholder or security holder appears upon the book*
of the company as trustee or in any other fiduciary relation,
the name of the person or corporation for whom such trustee
Is acting, is given; also that the said two paragraphs con-
tain statements embracing affiants full knowledge and belief
as to the elrcumstances and conditions under which stockholders
and security holders who do not appear upon the books of the
company as trustees, hold stock and securities in a capacity
other Ilian that of a bona fide owner; and this affiant has no
reason to believe that any other person, association, or cor-
poration ha3 any interest direct or indirect In the said stodt,
bonds, or other securities than as so stated by him.

  5.	That the average number or copies of each issue of this
publication sold or distributed, through the mails or otherwise,
to paid subscribers during the six months preceding the dato
shown above la (This information Is required from dally pub-
llcatons only.)

IRVING 8. MANHEIMKR.

  Sworn to and subscribed before me this 31st day of March,

                            MAURICE COYNE.

Notary Public.

  (My commission expires March 31, 1932.)
WONDER STORIES

143

 NEW SCIENCE FICTION

 WE present to the readers of WONDER STORIES the most complete selection r.f recent Important science fiction. Wo have
 selected these books because they are the foremost of their kind today. There is such a great variety that it will satisfy
 anv taste that any student of science fiction might have.

  We have no catatoo and ask you to be kind enough to order direct from this page. Prompt shipments will be made. Remit by
  money order or certified check. If you send cash, be sure to register it. No C.O.D.'s. Books sent prepaid in U. S. A.
  Add postage for foreign countries.______

MUKARA

by Muriel Bruce, 275 pages, stiff cloth
rovers. Size 5% x 8.	$2.50

Explorations into the unknown parts of our
globe arc revealing the most astonishing re-
mains of ancient Civilization. On the
basis of the notes of the Fawcett expedition.
Bruce has constructed a most thrilling story
of the meeting of our civilization with one
whose strangeness, mystery and power over
nature will astound you.

TARRANO THE CONQUEROR

by Bay Cummings. 350 pages, stiff cloth
covers. Size 5 x 7%.	$2.00

Mr. Cummings Is a master of science fic-
tion. and In tills story lie achieves the
summit of his power. Interplanetary war-
fare rages through his dynamic pages, over
continents and planets stalks tho terrifying
figure of Tarrano—the merciless. A story
of tho year 2100 A. D. but so realistic
that you will live each page.

THE WORLD BELOW

by S. Fowler Wright. 350 pages, stiff clbth
rovers. Size 5 x 7%.	552 00

Price---—-------------- *

What rould the man of today really do and
accomplish if he were thrown into the world
of 5,000.000 A. T>. ? What would ho do
when confronted with his own rare incredibly
aged? A richly imaginative novel, that will
shake you from your seat and leave you
breathless with wonder.

GREEN FIRE

hy John Taine. 300 pages,
covers. Size x 7Mi.

Price

Stiff cloth
$2.00

Someone has been tampering with the uni-,
verse. This is a powerful novel—intensely
realistic, yet weird and fantastic—of two
rival scientists who struggle to gain con-
trol of the terrible energy within tho atom
—ono for good and one for evil.

THE MAN WHO MASTERED TIME

by Bay Cummings. 350 pages. Stiff cloth

Prtee' Sliee 5 *	$2.00

20.000 years into the future sped the young
adventurer, a thrill with the possibilities
for k'lory and romance! But a world filled
with turmoil, war, upheaval and strange
hates and lusts met him. He went into
an age of the unbelievable, almost the im-
possible.

THE EARTH TUBE

by Oawaln Edwards. 300 pages. Stiff cloth

covers. SUe 5* x 7%.__________ $2.00

The popular author of "The Hescue” and
“The Heturn from Jupiter” achieves an-
other success in this powerful novel. A
tube through the earth .... an invincible
army possessed of strange scientific weapons
capturing South America. Mr. Edwards Is
a rising star on the horizon of science
fiction, and in this volume he exceeds him-
self.

THE DAY OF THE BROWN HORDE

by Bichard Tooker. 300 pages. Stiff cloth
covers. Size 5 x 7%. ........... $2.50

The author, with an original conception
goes back into the dim past of our earth
to re-create what is unknown to us! With
consummate skill he builds up tho life of
our primordial ancestor, prehistoric man.
Mr. Tocker has achieved a triumph of the
human Imagination.

THE PURPLE CLOUD

by M. P. Shirt. 300 pages. Stiff cloth
covers. Size 5% x 7Va.	$2.50

The thrill and the danger of a trip to un-
known portions of the globe for an enorm-
-ous reward .... madness creeping on deso-
late men . . . the return of one man to
civilization to find he is the only living
being on earth. A most astounding por-
trayal of a world catastrophe.

DOCTOR FOGG

by Norman Matson. 165 pages, stiff cloth
rovers. Size 5& x 7%.	$2.00

Doctor Fogg has created a most astonishing
invention, his sway extends to the further-
est stars ... he has created life .... But
a world filled with greed . . . envy....
deadly curiosity burst down upon this harm-
less man to Invade his life and fill his
days with madness......

MAZA OF THE MOON

by Otis Adclbert Kline. 340 pages. Stiff
cloth covers. Size 514 x 7V4. <£2 00

The desire Of all of us to find some living
beings on the moon is answered in this
story filled with thrills and startling ad-
ventures. Across the interplanetary spaces
go our heroes to unknown, breathless experi-
ences .... to take part in Interplanetary
warfare ....

QUAYLE'S INVENTION

by John Taine. 450 pages. Stiff cloth
gvcrs. Size 5tt x 7%. $2.00

“You are a menace to civilization." said
the banker to young Quayle, and left the
inventor to die upon the sun-Beorched island.
But with superhuman couragc Quayle strug-
gles against pitiless nature to return to
civilization. There Is also the secret of
his Invention, that can make the young man
master of the planet. Seienco fiction of
the most extraordinary power.

THE PURPLE SAPPHIRE

by John Taine. 325 pages. Stiff cloth

covers. Size 514 x 7%._________ $2.00

From tho depths of Thibet came the strango
purple sapphires, jewels of startling valuo
and great beauty. Into the heart of this
unknown land in search of fabulous wealth
went two men and a girl to the most un-
usual udventtires that bcfel human beings.

IN THE BEGINNING

by Alan Sullivan. 305 pages. Stiff cloth

IXV: S|8C 5* *7V*- $2.00

Adventures that outdo the famous "Mys-
terious Island” of Jules Verne. A million
years have vanished over the heads of
strange, bizarre creatures that our explorers
find. A conflict between wen of the 20th
century and the Pleistocene men and
women who speak in clurks and do not
even know fire . . . .

THE GREATEST ADVENTURE *

by John Taine. 250 pages. Stiff cloth
covers. Size 5% x 7V&.	<££ 50

A body of scientists are plunged into tho
most terrifying of adventures. Into conflict
with pitiless nature when she deems it time
for a gigantic display of her power....
truly a great adventure story.

          RALPH I24C 41-1-
A Romance of the Year 2<if>0 by Hugo
Gernsback. 300 pages. Illustrated. Stiff
cloth covers. Size 5% x 7%. <j}2 00

Not since the publication of the stories of
Jules Verne lias there appeared such a book.
Mr. Gernsback. Editor or WONDER
STORIES, with a keen insight into tho
progress of the world, has constructed a
brilliant setting in the year 2660 for his
romance.

Ralnh’s tremendous battle through Inter-
planetary space, with its tragedy and terror,
and the use of the most inercdlble weapons,
that will some day come true, mako a
classic of science fiction.

SCIENCE PUBLICATIONS 245^r™rkhnstveet
144.

WONDER STORIES

am***"**,

Guy De Maupassant

The famous French author of the 19th Century
and writer of marked ability ♦♦♦♦*♦♦

TEN

-J	COMMENTARY ^

   “By common consent De Maupassant
   has become first rank among the
   naturalistic school ....

    The literary perfection of his work is
    undeniable ....

    IIis tales . ... are 80 starkingly true
    to life and the actors in them so ac-
    curately — and unblushingly — de-
    scribed that more once indignant pro-
    tests assailed him.

   lie remains and mil remain a master
   of style, a man of the art of tala
   writing ....

    The value of his worlc lies in his as-
    tonishing faith in reproduction of

     reality."

^	Professor /•’. C. jleSumichrast,

                 Harvard University

  MAIL COUPON TODAY!

Gernsback Publications, Inc.	WS-631

96-98 Park Place. New York, N. Y.

] enclose herewith remittance of $3.95 (check or
money order preferred) for which you are to send
me Immediately, postage prepaid, the Works of
Guy Ue Maupassant in 10 Volumes.

Name

Address _

-Statfl-

THE name of Guy De Maupassant carries great admira-
tion for the famous writer of the 19th Century, and
so much so that his works have grown more popular year
after year. Today even the great public libraries cannot satis-
fy readers in demand for his great works. And among the
personal libraries of many hundreds we find volumes of Bo
Maupassant that are quite oostly, in fact volumes that are
cherished by proud owners.

As a courtesy to readers of WONDER STORIES, we offer a
fine 10-Volume Set of the Works of Guy De Maupassant, sturdily
bound in French blue holliston cloth. This new edition is
printed in large readable type, illustrated and of standard
book size. The front covers are embossed and the backbone
of each volume in the set is stamped in silver; each book is
guaranteed to be perfect and carefully covered with a dust
wrapper in attractive design.

As the supply of these books does not exceed but a few hun-
dred 6et8 or so, we suggest that our readers take advantage
of the extremely low price of $5.95, and promptly purchase
the 10-Volume Set of the works of Guy De Maupassant. These
books are now ready for shipment; orders are filled im-
mediately so the books will reach you in a few days. Use the
Coupon at the left for convenience in sending your order—
mail it today.

VOLUMES

i
The Gambler

He gambles that a "lucky break” will
come to him in the course of time

M

OST men live in the HOPE that their "lucky break” will
come TOMORROW or NEXT WEEK or NEXT YEAR.

They gamble that FATE, some day, some way, will make
them rich! They risk their whole lives on what may COME to
them in the course of TIME.

    This is a WORSE form of GAMBLING than gambling for
MONEY with a card sharp or a “three shell game” expert.

    Gambling on what TIME and FATE have in store for you
is more costly than any other form of gambling known.

    You lose MORE than money. You lose your SELF-
RESPECT. You lose the self-respect of those about you.

    And as each year passes your CHANCE to amount to any-
thing becomes slimmer and slimmer.

     You get discouraged. You begin to feel that fate is AGAINST
you. You complain secretly about your ill luck. Perhaps you hide
your shortcomings behind a whole flock of easy EXCUSES.

     But the hard, cold world doesn't care about you.

     You’ve got to look out for YOURSELF.

     Time alone cannot help you. If it could, EVERY man over
70 wc-ald be rich.

     You cannot COUNT on luck or fate or circumstances. If you
could, EVERYBODY would get rich at some time or other.

     Your life is too precious to waste away WAITING for “some-
thing to turn up.”

    There’s ONE SURE WAY—yes, ONLY one sure way—to
get what you want out of life.

     Nothing can help you but your own BRAIN. Make your brain
Just a little bit more effective and you will MULTIPLY your
earning power.

     There is NO LIMIT to what the human brain can accomplish.
Scientists and psychologists tell us we use only about TEN PER
CENT of our brain power. Ninety per cent is unused. It lies
dormant. The longer it is unused, the harder it becomes for us
to use it For the mind is like a muscle. It grows in power
through exercise and use. It weakens and deteriorates with
idleness.

     What can you DO about it? That is the question you are
asking yourself. Here is a suggestion.

     Spend 2c for a postage stamp. Send in the coupon below for
a copy of “Scientific Mind Training.” There is no further obliga
tion whatever. You need not spend another penny.

     Read this little book. It has opened the eyes of hundreds of
thousands of other individuals who had the same problems you
oave.Over 700,000‘people, in all parts of the world, and in all
walks of life have loliowed the advice given in this booklet. Lords
and servants, princes and laborers, captains of industry and clerks,
bookkeepers and bankers, men AND WOMEN of all types and
of all ages have read this book and have changed their whole
scheme of existence as a result.

     This little book will tell you the secret of self-confidence, of
'a strong will, of a powerful memory, of unflagging concentration.

, It tells you how to acquire directive powers, how to train your
imagination (the greatest force in the world), how to make quick,
accurate decisions, how to reason logically—in short, how to make
.your brain an lnstrumeat of all around POWER. It tells you how
\to banish the negative Qualities like forgetfulness, brain fag.

y,	Jure

v BOUND ,oA

inertia, indecision, self-consciousness, lack of ideas, mind wander-
ing, lack of system, procrastination, timidity.

    Men like Judge Ben B. Lindsey, Sir Harry Lauder, Prince
 Charles of Sweden, Jerome K. Jerome, the famous novelist; Frank
 P. Walsh, Chairman of the National War Labor Board, and hun-
 dreds of others equally famous, praise the simple method of
 increasing brain .power and thought power described in this free
 fc^book. OVER 700,000 OTHERS PRAISE IT.

    You have only TWO CENTS to lose by writing for your copy.
 You may GAIN thousands of dollars, peace of mind, happiness,

 independence!

    Thousands who read this announcement will DO NOTHING
 about it. The effort an<f the will needed to send for this book—
 which is FREE—may be lacking. How can these people EVER
 gain what they hope for, crave for? They are the skeptics, the
 doubters, the “show me” wiseacres.

    Other thousands will say, “I can lose only TWO CENTS. I
 may GAIN a great deal by reading ‘Scientific Mind Training.'
 I will send for it NOW. It promises too much for me to RISK
 MISSING.”

    The thousands who are open minded—who are willing to
 learn something to their advantage—will ACT on their impulse
 to send the coupon. They will be better, stronger minded for
 having TAKEN SOME ACTION about their lives, even if they
 do nothing more than to READ a booklet about the inner workings
 of the mind. For your own sake—and for the sake of your loved
 ones, don’t continue to GAMBLE that your future will be bright
 whether or not you DO anything about it! Mail the coupon today
 —NOW.	* 1

THE FELMAN INSTITUTE OF AMERICA

Suite 2256. 71 West 45th Street, New York City
Offices in London, Paris, Stockholm,

Delhi, Durban and Melbourne

   The Pelman Institute of America
   Suite 225fi. 71 West -15th Street,

   New York City

       Please send me without obligation your free booklet.
    "Scientific Mind Training.” This does not place me under any
    obligation and no salesman is to call on me.

Name ................

 Address

City

Suit
TWICE AS EASY

to become a popular

musician this simple

home-study way

DOES the very thought of harsh-
sounding scales—compulsory prac-
tice and impatient teachers put a dam-
per on your ambition to become a pop-
ular musician?

  With such excuses as—“It takes too
long”—“It costs too much”—“I don’t
know the first thing- about music”—are
you alibiing yourself right out of good
times and a highly enjoyable attain-
ment?

You’re the Boss

  You’d take up music in a minute,
wouldn’t you—if you thought there was
a way of learning that made every les-
son easy—that allowed you to study
when, where and as much or as little
as you .please—that encouraged rapid
progress—that did not cost too much?

  All right. Such a method is far from
being imaginary. It is so real that in-
side of a few short months you can
learn to play your favorite instrument.

Without taking lessons from a teacher!

Without paying expensive fees! With-
out any tiresome technique to struggle
through!

  Thank the U. S. School of Music for
the utter simplicity of this remarkable
system. It removed completely the dif-
ficulty, boredom and extravagance from
music lessons. Now to begin your musical
career you don’t even have to know “do” from,
“re” or a sharp from a flat.

  Your own home is your studio. The lessons
come to you by mail. They consist of complete
printed instructions, diagrams . . . and all the
music yon need without extra charge.

  A sheet of music is not a riddle to you. You
never have to guess what’s right or wrong—
you knoxv! First you are told how a thing is
done. Then a picture shows you how, then you
do it yourself and hear it. Small wonder it’s
twice as easy as old-fashioned private teacher
method.

Play Your Favorites

  Instead of just scales you are playing real
tunes from actual
notes — right from
the very first lesson
on. Sooner than you
realize you will b'e
bringing cheer to
the folks at home
with your playing.
Gradually you gain
confidence and pro-
fessional expression.
Then parties, popu-
larity,. orchestra
work follow in short
order. You’ll know
how good it feels to

What Instrument

        for you ?          
Piano              Piccolo 
Organ     Hawaiian         
Violin               Stool 
Clarinet       Guitar      
Flute     Drums and        
Harp                 Traps 
Cornet            Mandolin 
'Cello     Sight Singing   
Guitar    T'-ombone        
Ukulele   Piano            
Saxophone    Accordion     
Banjo (Plectrum, 5-Strlnq  
       or Tenor)           
Voice and  Speech Culture  
Automatic  Finger Control  
  Italian and German       
        Accordion          
 Harmony and Composition   
  Juniors Piano Course     
U. S. SCHOOL OF MUSIC,

506 Brunswick Building. New York City

  Please send me your free honk. "Music (.canons In Your Oivn
Home." with IntrnductIon liy Dr. Frink Crane. Free Demonstration
l.e—nn. Mini particular* of your eiisy payment plan. I am Interested
hi I lie following rollrses—

                                           Hijve you

.............—..... Instrument 1 ________________

Name

Address

City	------------------ State

tie out of the wallflower class and into the whirl of
things.

 Don’t be afraid to begin your lessons at once.
Over 60(1,000 people learned to play this modern way
—and found it easy as A-B-C. Forget that old-
fashioned idea that you need special “talent." Just
read the list of instruments in the panel, decide which
one you want to play, and the U. S. School will do
the rest. And hear in mind no matter which instru-
ment you choose, the cost in each case will averaRe
the same—just a few cents a day.

Free Book and Demonstration Lesson

  Our wonderful Illustrated Free Book and Free Demonstration
l.esson explain all about this remarkable method. They prove just
how anyone ran learn m play his fnurllc ln*trument In half Ho-
tline and for just a fraction of what old slow methods cost.

  If you really want io learn to play—if social populatlty, and in -
creased Income appeal to you—take this opportunity to make yeur
dreams come true Now! Sijjn the coupon and send it In before It's
too late. Instrument, supplied whew needed, cash or credit. 17. S.
School of Music. 50ii Itrunswick »lil«.. New York City.