    HG.Wells
    Garret Smith

     A.HyattVerrill

November

HUGO GERNSBACK
EDITOR

EXPERIMENTER PUBLISHING COMPANY. NEW YORK. PUBLISHERS OF

RADIO NEWS • RADIO LISTENERS’ GUIDE - SPARE-TIME MONEY MAKING • FRENCH HUMOR - SCIENCE & INVENTION
Use This Coupon NOW/

 The Randolph Radio
 Corporation are pio-
 neers in the manufac-
 ture of radios. All of

6-Tube

The Senior Six

 Now you can have a new,
 modern, single-control, si:c-
 tube radio. Do not compare
 this set with old style 2-
 dial 6-tube sets selling for
 about the same price. The
 Randolph 1928 Senior Six has
 also been tested and approved
 by the leading radio engineers.
 Comes in a beautiful solid walnut
 C3binetof hand-rubbed finish. Single
 control. Illuminated Drum with
 Bpaee for loggi ng. Absolutely de-
 -ndable ai\d very selective. Sent
 ’3 Days’ Free Trial. You test
 c re you buy.

 The Randolph Radio
 Corporation are pio-
 neers in the manufac-
 ture of radios. All of
 its vast and unlimited
 resources have been used
 in making and- perfecting
 of the Randolph Receivers.
 Because of our long and
 successful experience in
 the radio business, we are
 perfectly confident in send-
 ing out a Randolph Radio
 on trial. We know what it
 will do. Mail us the cou-
 pon now for the greatest
 radio offer ever made.

Retail Price
Single
Control

Battery or

All-Electric

OPERATION

HERE is the great value offer of the day. Test and try this
powerful seven-tube RAN0OLP1I RADIO for thirty days.
After it brings in stations from coast to coast with
amazing clearness—with easy one-dial tuning—after it
easily equals any other radio regardless of cost—after you
are more than satisfied then you can buy it direct at factory
prices. Every RANDOLPH must make good before it is
sold.

The RANDOLPH SEVEN-TUBE CONSOLE illustrated here
can be had for use with batteries or connected direct to the
electric light socket—absolutely batteryless—no batteries,
chargers or acids—just plug in and tune in. 100% efficient
either way. Its construction and performance have been tested
and approved by leading radio engineers and authorities—by
leading radio publications and laboratories.

7 Tubes—Single Control

Ulwninated Drum

One drum dial operated by one simple vernier control tunes in all stations with
easy selectivity to tremendous volume. No overlapping of stations. Illumin-
ated drum permits operation in the dark. Volume control for finer volume
modulation. This is a seven-tube tuned radio frequency receiver with power
transformers and power amplification. Space wound solenoid coils. Full and
completely shielded. A real receiver of the highest quality. Tremendous dis-
tance, wonderful tone quality, simple to operate.

Beautiful Walnut Console

Built-in Cone Speaker

TThe Randolph Seven-tube Ampliphonic Console illustrated above is housed in
a genuine burl-walnut cabinet with two-tone hand rubbed finish giving it un-
surpassed beauty. The same expert cabinet work has gone into the making
of these consoles as in the finest furniture* Has built-in cone loud
speaker that compares with any on the market. Accurately re-
produces complete range of musical notes from the highest to the lowest pitch.

What Users Say

I have logged more than 50 stations from coast to coast.—Lloyd Davenport,
Littlefield, Texas. I have logged 52 stations from Cuba to Seattle, the set is a
world beater.—J.Tampkinson,Detroit, Mich. Your set is a revelation, has all
others tied to the post for distance and selectivity.—Waldo Powers, Vergennes,
Vermont. On strength of its performance sold two more sets this week.—
T. Scanlow, Orlando, Florida.

Randolph. 6
7-Tube Console
Single Control
RETAIL PRICE

CompletelyA ssembled.

juatt	.

COUPOBr
NOW/

                                                i	Randolph Radio Corporation,

                                                             5	7*1 V. est Lcke Street, tept. 239 ”

                                                             I	Chicago, Illinois.

                                                                   ■	Serd me full particulars about the

■	T ube All-Electric and Battery TattOu^uL'or-

                                                          ■	of your 30 Day FREE Trial Offer.

                                                      cou- ■

                       greatest a	Name_______________________________________________

ever made. ■	^

I	Address—.................................................-^T

\NDOLPH RADIO CORPORATION I	(..ty	gtatJ

Street	Dept« 239* Chicago, Illinois g	Mark here □ if interested in Agent’s propositi
AMAZING STORIES

   Amazingly Easy Way

to get into ELECTRICITY

               Don’t spend your life waiting for $5 raises in a dull, hopeless job. Now
               . . . and forever . . . say good-bye to 25 and 35 dollars a week. Let
               me show you how to qualify for jobs leading to salaries of $50, $60
               and up, a week, in Electricity—NOT by correspondence, but by an
               amazing way to teach, that makes you a practical expert in 90 days!

               Getting into Electricity is far easier than you imagine!

Learn Without lessons -90""5

 1ACK of experience—age,
 _jOT advanced education
 bars no one. I don’t care
 if you don’t know an arma-
 ture from an air brake—I
 don’t expect you to! I don’t
 care if you’re 16 years old or
 40—it makes no difference!
 Don’t let lack of money stop
 you. Most of the men at
 Coyne have no more money
 than you have.

Lc

     Learning

   Many of my students earn a
 good part or all of their ex-
 penses and should you need
 thisassistance we will help you.

 Then, in 12 brief weeks, in the
 great roaring shops of Coy ne, I
 train you as you never
 dreamed you could be trained
 ... on the greatest outlay of
 electrical apparatus ever as-
 sembled ... costing hundreds
 of thousands of dollars . . .
 real dynamos, engines, power plants,
 autos, switchboards, transmitting
 stations . . . everything from door-
 bf is farm power and lighting . . .
 iu, ■ d . in full operation every

wessons

 as ... all

Prepare For Jobs
Like These

Here are a few of hundreds
of positions open to Coyne-
trafned men. Our free em-

  Eloyment bureau gives you
  retime employment service.
  Armature Expert

            $50 a Week and up
  Substation Operator, $65aWeek
  Anto Electrician

            $60 a Week and up
  Inventor - - Unlimited
  Manitenance Engineer

            $60 a Week and up
  Service Station Owner

            $60 a Week and up
  Radio Expert, $60 a Week and up

 real actual work ... build-
 ing real batteries... wind-
 ing real armatures,operating
 real motors, dynamos and
 generators, wiring houses,
 etc., etc. That’s a glimpse
 of how we make you a mas-
 ter practical electrician in
 90 days, teaching you far
 more than the average
 ordinary electrician ever
 knows and fitting you to
 step into jobs leading to
 big pay immediately after
 graduation. Here, in this
 world-famous Parent school
 —and nowhere else in the
 world—can you get such
 training!

 Jobs, Pay, Future

    Don’t worry about a job,
 Coyne training settles the
 job question for life. De-
 mand for Coyne men often

 exceeds the supply. Our employment
 bureau gives you lifetime service. Two
 weeks after graduation, Clyde F. Hart got
 a position as electrician with the Great
 Western Railroad at over $100 a week.
 That’s not unusual. We can point to Coyne
 men making up to $600 a month. Coyne men
 get positions which lead to salaries of $50.00,
 $60.00 and up a week. You can go into radio,
 battery or automotive electrical business for
 yourself and make from $3000 a year up.

Get the Facts

  Coyne ia your one great chance to get into elec-
  tricity. Every obstacle is removed. This school is 28
  years old—Coyne training is tested—proven beyond
  all doubt—endorsed by many large electrical con-
  cerns. You can find out everything absolutely free.
  Simply mail the coupon and let me send you the big,
  free Coyne book of 150 photographs . . . facts . . .
  jobs . . . salaries . . . opportunities. Tells you how
  many earn expenses while training and how we assist
  our graduates in the field. This does not obligate you.
  So act at once. Just mail coupon.

 Now In Our
 New Home

  This is onr now, fireproof,
  modern homo wherein ia
  Iniit&lled thousands of dol-
  lar*. worth of the newest
  and moat modern Elec-
  trical Equipment of all
  kinda. We now have tho
  largest amount of floor
  apace devoted to the ex-
  clusive teaching of prac-
  tical electricity in tha
  world. Every comfort ana
  convenience has been ar-
  ranged to make you happy
  and contented during your
  training.

Get this

FREE

Book

   Hlr. H. C. Lewis, Pres.

   COYNE ELECTRICAL SCHOOL, Dept. 87-02
   500 S. Paulina St., Chicago, 111*

    Dear Mr. Lewis:

    Without obligations send me your big free catalog and all
    details of Free Employment Service. Radio and Automotive
    Courses, and how many "earn while learning." I under-
    stand I will not be bothered by any salesman.

|jr ELECTRICAL SCHOOL i

 il JE# H. C LEWIS, President, Dept. 87-02 |
 Paulina St., Chicago Established 1899

 Name.

 City.
Vol. 2 No. 8
November, 1927

EDITORIAL & GENERAL OFFICES: 230 Fifth Ave., New York City

Published by Experimenter Publishing Company, Inc.

(H. Gernsbark, Pres.; S. Gernsback, Treas.; R. W. DeVott. Sec'y)
Publishers of SCIENCE & INVENTION. RADIO NEWS.

RADIO LISTENERS’ GUIDE. SPARE-TIME
MONEY MAKING. FRENCH HUMOR

Owners of Broadcast Station WRNY

JULES VERNE’S TOMBSTONE AT AMIENS
PORTRAYING HIS IMMORTALITY

Contents for November

A Story of the Stone Age

By H. G. Wells....................................... 726

The Astounding Discoveries
of Doctor Mentiroso

By A. Hyatt Verrill.................................. 746

Treasures of Tantalus

(A Serial in 2 Parts) (Part II)

By Garret Smith........................................ 760

The Machine Man of Ardathia

By Francis Flagg...................................... 798

Our Cover

 This month represents the scene from “The Machine Man of
 Ardathia,” by Francis Flagg, showing what, according to this
 author, will be the evolution of man 35,000 years hence.
 With the aid of his array of tubes, this strange being talks,
 feeds himself and travels. These rays are the only things
 that will penetrate the glass-like substance in which these
 beings live. The illustration shows "the machine man” of the
 future demonstrating his powers—the rays grip a man and
 hold him suspended in the air for several minutes—making a
 fine substitution for human hands and arms.

 ‘niiimiuiiiiiiMtiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiniiiiiiiiiiHitiUMUlttiiimiiUliMiiiiiiiitiiitmiiiiiiiiitiiiiii.iiintiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiMlliiiiitiiiiiimiiumitiiuiuuM
 now TO SUBSCRIBE FOR ‘'AMAZING STORIES.” Bond your name,
 address and remittance to Experimenter Publishing Co., 230 Fifth Ave.,
 New York City. Checks and money orders should be mado payable to Ex-
 perimenter Publishing Co., Inc. Mention the name of the magazine you
 arc ordering inasmuch as we also publish RADIO NEWS. SCIENCE &
 INVENTION. RADIO LISTENERS' GUIDE AND CALL BOOK.
 SPARE-TIME MONEY MAKING and FRENCH HUMOR. Subscrip-
 tions may be made in combination with the other publications just men-

In Our Next Issue:

 ROBUR THE CONQUEROR, by Jules Verne.
 (A Serial in 2 Parts) Part I. Fulfilling the promise
 to our readers regarding publication of Jules
 Verne’s stories, we shall present, in the next issue,
 “Robur the Conqueror,” a story not as well known
 as many of the other works of this author.
 Written long before the invention of the airplane,
 Verne’s picture is that of an excellent aerial ma-
 chine, a machine that has not even today been fully
 approached. Excellent science, mixed with fine
 adventure or travel, makes this story an outstand-
 ing one that we know you will like.

 THE COUNTRY OF THE BLIND, by H. G.

 Wells. Here is one of the most unusual stories
 that you could wish for. As is usual, also, with
 Mr. H. G. Wells, he again springs a surprise.
 He takes a more or less innocent subject and
 manages to make something quite extraordinary
 out of it. You will like this story.

 HICKS’ INVENTIONS WITH A KICK (The
 Hicks Electro-Hydraulic Bank Protector), by
 Henry Hugh Simmons. Being a true inventive
 genius, he is undaunted, and Hicks bobs up again
 with a more marvellous invention than ever. This
 time it is a contrivance for the absolute protection
 of banks against any and all robbers.

 THE FOURTEENTH EARTH, by Walter Kate-
 ley. Scientists have steadfastly maintained that
 there must be other inhabited planes besides our
 own. This author has woven a charming tale
 around his idea where such planes might be.

tioned at special reduced club rates. Send postal for club rata card.
Subscriptions start with the current issue unless otherwise ordered.

ON EXPIRATION of your subscription we enclose a renewal blank in our
last number to you, and notify you by mall. Then, unless we receive your
order and remittance for a renewal, delivery of the magazine is stopped.
CHANGE OF ADDRESS. Notify us as far in advance as possible, giv-
ing your old address as well as the new one to which futuro magazines are
to go. It takes several weeks to make an address change In our records.

AMAZING STORIES Is published on the 5th of each preceding month.
There are 12 numbers per year. Subscription price is $2.50 a year in
U. S. and possessions. Canada and foreign countries $3.00 a year U. S.
coin as well as U. S. stamps accepted (no foreign coin or stamps). Single

copies. 25 cents oach.

All communications and contributions to this Journal should be addressed
to Editor AMAZING STORIES. 230 Fifth Ave., Now York, N. Y. Un-
accepted contributions cannot be returned unless full postage has been In-
cluded. ALL accepted contributions are paid for on publication.

AMAZING STORIES Monthly. Entered as second class matter March 10,
1926, by the Post Office at New York, N. Y., under the act of March 3.
1879. Title Registered U. S. Patent Office. Copyright. 1927, by E. P.
Co., Inc., New York. The text and illustrations of this Magazine are
copyrighted and must not be reproduced without giving full credit to the
publication. AMAZING STORIES Is for sale at all newsstands In the
United States and Canada. European Agents, 8. J. Wise Et Cle, 40
Placo Verte, Antwerp, Belgium. Printed in U. B. A,

General Advertising Dept., 230 Fifth Avenue. New York City.

                                       ADVERTISING REPRESENTATIVES
        L. F. McCLURE 7 JO Caw Street, Chicago. 111.	HARRY E. HYDE, 548 Dreiel Building. Philadelphia, Pa.

DAVIES. DILLON & hLLLY. 15 West 10th St.. Kansai CItr, Mo.	A. J. NORRIS HILL CO.. 5 Third St.. San Francisco. Calif.

      T. F. UAORANE, Park Sauare Bldg.. Bo.ton, Uau.	41J W. 6th St.. Loi Angele.. Cal.; Leary Bldg., Seattle. Waih.

72 2
AMAZING STORIES

723

  Many times in the old days,
while I trudged home after work
to save carfare, I used to gasp
enviouiiy at the shining cars
gliding by me, the prosperous
men and women within. Little
did I think that inside of a year,
I, too, should have my own car,
a decent bank account, the good
things of life that make it worth
living.

I Thought Success Was For Others

      Believe It Or Not, Just Twelve Months Ago
      I Was Next Thing To ",Down-and-Out”

TODAY I’m sole owner of the fastest
growing Radio store in town. And I’m
on good terms with my banker, too—not like
the old days only a year ago, when often I
didn’t have one dollar to knock against an-
other in my pocket. My wife and I live in
the snuggest little home you ever saw, right
in one of the best neighborhoods. And to
think that a year ago I used to dodge the
landlady when she came to collect the rent
for the little bedroom I called “home”!

  It all seems like a dream now, as I look
back over the past twelve short months, and
think how discouraged I was then, at the
“end of a blind alley.” I thought I never
had had a good chance in my life, and I
thought I never would have one. But it was
waking up that I needed, and here’s the story
of how I got it.

I WAS a clerk, working at the usual miser-
able salary such jobs pay. Somehow I’d
never found any way to get into a line where
I could make good money.

  Other fellows seemed to find opportunities.
But—much as I wanted the good things that
go with success and a decent income—all the
really well-paid vacancies I ever heard of
seemed to be out of my line—to call for some
kind of knowledge I didn’t have.

  And I wanted to get married. A fine situa-
tion, wasn’t it? Mary would have agreed to
try it—but it wouldn’t have been fair to her.

  Mary had told me, “You can’t get ahead
where you are. Why don’t you get into an-
other line of work, somewhere that you can
advance ?”

  “That’s fine, Mary,” I replied, “but what
line? I’ve always got my eyes open for a bet-
ter job, but I never seem to hear of a really
good job that I can handle.” Mary didn’t
seem to be satisfied with the answer, but I
didn’t know what else to tell her.

  It was on the way home that night that I
stopped off in the neighborhood drug store,
where I overheard a scrap of conversation
about myself. A few burning words that
were the cause of the turning point in my
life!

  With a hot flush of shame I turned and left
the store, and walked rapidly home. So that
was what my neighbors—the people who
knew me best—really thought of me!

  “Bargain counter sheik—look how that suit
fits,” one fellow had said in a low voice.
“Bet he hasn’t got a dollar in those pockets.”
“Oh, it’s just ‘Useless’ Anderson,” said an-
other. “He’s got a wish-bone where his back-
bone ought to be.”

  As I thought over the words in deep hu-
miliation, a sudden thought made me catch
my breath. Why had Mary been so dissatis-
fied with my answer that “I hadn’t had a
chance?” Did Mary secretly think that toof
And after all, wasn’t it true that I had a
“wish-bone” where my back-bone ought to
be? Wasn’t that why I never had a “chance”
to get ahead? It was true, only too true—
and it had taken this cruel blow to my self-
esteem to make me see it.

  With a new determination I thumbed the
pages of a magazine on the table, searching
for an advertisement that I’d seen many
times but passed up without thinking, an ad-
vertisement telling of big opportunities for
trained men to succeed in the great new
Radio field. With the advertisement was a
coupon offering a big free book full of infor-
mation. I sent the coupon in, and in a few
days received a handsome 64-page book,
printed in two colors, telling all about the
opportunities in the radio field and how a
man can prepare quickly and easily at home
to take advantage of these opportunities. I
read the book carefully, and when I finished
it I made my decision.

WHAT’S happened in the twelve months
since that day, as I’ve already told you,
seems almost like a dream to me now. For
ten of those twelve months, I’ve had a Radio
business of my own! At first, of course, I
started it as*a little proposition on the side,
under the guidance of the National Radio In-
stitute, the outfit that gave me my Radio
training. It wasn’t long before I was getting
so much to do in the Radio line that I quit
my measly little clerical job, and devoted my
full time to my Radio business.

  Since that time I’ve gone right on up, al-
ways under the watchful guidance of my
friends at the National Radio Institute. They
would have given me just as much help, too,
if I had wanted to follow some other line of
Radio besides building my own retail busi-
ness—such as broadcasting, manufacturing,
experimenting, sea operating, or any one of

the score of lines they prepare you for. And
to think that until that day I sent for their
eye-opening book, I’d been wailing “I never
had a chance!”

NOW I’m making real money. I drive a
good-looking car of my own. Mary and
I don't own the house in full yet, but I’ve
made a substantial down payment, and I’m
not straining myself any to meet the install-
ments.

  Here’s a real tip. You may not be as bad
off as I was. But, think it over—are you sat-
isfied? Are you making enough money, at
work that you like? Would you sign a con-
tract to stay where you are now for the next
ten years, making the same money? If not,
you’d better be doing something about it in-
stead of drifting.

  This new Radio game is a live-wire field of
golden rewards. The work, in any of the 20
different lines of Radio, is fascinating, ab-
sorbing, well paid. The National Radio In-
stitute—-oldest and largest Radio home-study
school in the world—will train you inex-
pensively in your own home to know Radio
from A to Z and to increase your earnings
in the Radio field.

  Take another tip—No matter what your
plans are, no matter how much or how little
you know about Radio—clip the coupon be-
low and look their free book over. It is filled
with interesting facts, figures, and photos,
and the information it will give you is worth
a few minutes of anybody’s time. You will
place yourself under no obligation—the book
is free, and is gladly sent to anyone who
wants to know about Radio. Just address
J. E. Smith, President, National Radio Insti-
tute, Dept. 0-5, Washington, D. C.

I J. E. SMITH, President,

* National Radio Institute,

J Dept. 0-5, Washington, D. C.

I Dear Mr. Smith:	|

I Plense send mo your 6-1-page free book, printed In	*

I two colors, giving all information about the opportun-	•

| itles in Radio and how I can learn quickly and easily	■

g at home to take advantage of them. I understand this	I

I request places me under no obligation, and that no	|
I salesmen will call on mo.

I V	■

I Name .......................................|

J Address ..... .................................... j

j Town ...........................State......... |
724

AMAZING STORIES

Back of this guarantee are
the entire resources and rep-
utation of this million dollar
institution.

School to

^Employment

 4 Placing you ^
 f in a good,^
 well-paidjg
 Posit i on

. Preparing
| you for a ,
better job I
and a Raise J
in Pay M

 O.C. MILLER
 Director Extension Work

 A Million Dol^
 lar Institution
 Back of This
 GUARANTEE

  Get this straight—the
  American School was
  chartered in 1897 as
  an educational institu-
  tion, not jor profit. So
  you will find the same
  standards of service
  here as in the best res-
  ident schools and col-
  leges. Over 200 of the
  leading Engineers, Ex-
  ecutives and Educators
  of the U. S. prepared
  the instruction we of-
  fer. Their standing
  vouches for its quality.

  This is available to you
  on terms of only a few
  dollars a month. Write
  for our souvenir book,
  “White Magic,” given
  Free in celebration of
  our 30th Anniversary.

 Free Job Service

  The American School in the first
  in the Imnie-study field to rec-
  ognize the need of guaranteeing
  its courses with a money-back
  contract, if the training fails to
  accomplish the benefits you ex-
  pect. Thus all risk and doubt are
  eliminated—either the trainlm
  will help you to a bettor job ant.
  a raise In pay or It will cost you
  nothing. To better carry out this
  important serricc. we maintain
  a National employment depart-
  ment which keeps in touch with
  the employers of Draftsmen all
  over the U. S. All this without
  extra charge to oui*Btudeuta and
  graduates.

F You Are
Now Earning
$40 aWeek
or Less-

 I guarantee to prepare you for
 a fine Drafting position, right
 in your home, in your spare
 time; then I guarantee to help
 you find such a position pay-
 ing at least 50% more than
 you earn today, within 60
 days after you complete this
 training, or I will refund the
 small amount you pay for tui-
 tion. We make this agreement
 to prove this instruction will
 mnke vnn a real Draftsman.

 Professional
 Outfit GIVEN!

  You will naturally expect the
  give you the best kind of instruments and tools with
  the best kind of training. This outfit is good enough
  to use professionally after you finish your training.
  Mail coupon for description.

  O. C. Miller, Director Extension Work

 Learn Drafting—how to make and read plans, and the doors of
 opportunity in all mechanical, building, and engineering lines
 swing open for you! There are more well-paid Drafting jobs open
 today than in any other one profession or trade. There’s a variety,
 a fascination to Drafting that will grip you. No other work is so
 interesting, so well paid—no other field offers equal opportuni-
 ties for quick promotion.

  The Draftsman is

the Boss of the Works!

 Destroy blue-prints and plans, and the wheels of all Industry
 will stop until new ones can be made. Every move of every work-
 man on the job is controlled by the Draftsman through his plans.

                      Railroads, public works, buildings of a hun-
                      dred sorts, machinery, electricity, automo-
                      biles—all manufacturing and construction
                      start on the Drafting table! That’s the kind
                      of work to get into, friend. Where you have
                      the same chance as anybody else to make a
                      quick successI

                   —to prove you can learn
                   at home in spare time!

                                  You'll be surprised how quickly you can
                                  learn Drafting by our new onc-step-at-a-
                                  timc method. We start you off doing
                                  actual Drafting room jobs from the very
                                  beginning. Before you know it, you are
                                  batting out professional plans like a vet-
                                  eran. Get the first three lessons—the cou-
                                  pon brings them. Do them. Test your
                                  ability to master Drafting at home.
                                  Without cost or obligation.

mencai^School

Dept. D-826, Drexel Avenue and 58di Street, Chicago

                     O. C. Miller, Director Extension Work
                     American School, Dept. D826
                     Drexel Ave. and 58th St., Chicago.

 ^ our offer to send me 3 lessons free and facts about the oppor-
 tunities in Drafting and about your course, looks good to rhe.
 It is understood I am not obligated in any way in making this
 request.

 Name

 Address

Occupation ...............................Age.
THE
MAGAZINE
OF

SCIENTIFICTION

HUGO GERNSBACK, Editor	WILBUR C. WHITEHEAD, Literary Editor

DR. T. O’CONOR SLOANE, Ph.D., Associate Editor	C. A. BRANDT, Literary Editor

Editorial and General Offices: 230 Fifth Avenui, New York, N. Y.

Extravagant Fiction Today.........Cold Fact Tomorrow

SPACE FLYING

By HUGO GERNSBACK

VER since time immemorial, the human mind
lias taken wings and soared out into free space
among the planets and the stars. Scientifiction
writers of note have always taken with avidity
to this fascinating subject, while some of the
greatest minds have occupied themselves with
the problem of space flying. Since the advent of the air-
plane, many schemes have been proposed to launch a space
flyer* by which it would be possible to negotiate the distance
between the earth and the moon, and then from the earth
to the various planets. Many schemes have been proposed
for space flying, and some of the more recent ones, notably
the Goddard Rocket Flyer, seem to conte closest toward a
strictly scientific solution of the problem.

  Let us now make a general survey of the possibilities of
space flying in the light of present-day science. If it becomes
possible to navigate a space flyer outside of the terrestrial
atmosphere, even if only to such a comparatively near body
as the moon, then immediately an important popular con-
ception becomes a certain impossibility. I refer to the pres-
ent inhabitation of reasoning beings on other planets, at least
of our own universe.

  The reason is simple If we can navigate a space flyer,
let us say, to Mars or Venus, then it may be assumed that
none of the planets is now peopled by teasoning, intelligent
beings.

  This theoretical reasoning is elementary, simply because,
if we do the thing first, vve are probably the only reasoning
beings in our own universe, otherwise older civilizations
would undoubtedly have visited us first. There is a reser-
vation to this in the case of Mars and of the moon. It is
quite within the bounds of possibility that were Mars or
the moon inhabited by highly intelligent beings, they might
have tried a landing on earth loir* before the earth had
become habitable for other ’:'f '!ligent beings. If a landing
had been tried, the reconnoi*"r'ng party in their space flyers
would probably have had to turn back, because the shores
of the earth several million years ago were probably unfit
to set foot uoon. Thus it is quite possible that if intelligent
bcines existed on the moon or Mars, thev have had tn return
t"1 their own abode, where their race finally died out.

  If this were the case, traces of their civilizaMon would
very likely be found by the first space flying p'rtv th^t set
foot 011 either the moon or Mars. This reasoning is anal-
ogous to that concernimr the cycle through which the earth
is passinsr now. Tf, for instance, we were to try to make
a landing on either Jupiter or Saturn today, we would
find that it was impossible, because these planets are still in
a semi-plastic state, which, of course, would make them im-
possible to live 011. These planets and a number of others
are thus in the same condition as the earth was millions of

  "The term "Spaee-FIyer" was first used by the author in his story
"Ralph 124C414-/’ published in 1911.

years ago and they are slowly cooling and solidifying.

  Next we come to some other important considerations.
There is a chance that Mars, and indeed, other planets
belonging to other parts of our universe, may be peopled
with beings of intelligence far higher than our own. They
may have space flyers, and yet may be prevented from visit-
ing our earth, for the following reasons:

  It is one thing to construct a practical space flyer which
(its many conditions theoretically, but it is another thing
altogether to navigate it successfully in space. An analogy
to this might be found in the present achieved state of the
airplane. It is theoretically possible to fly an airplane across
any of our oceans, hut for practical reasons, it is a tre-
mendous risk and will remain so for some years. In space
flying, however, we have obstacles that may never be over-
come, and which make the attempt so hazardous that it
becomes folly to attempt it.

  It is well known today that the space between our heavenly
bodies is not just one great and empty vacuum. Quite the
contrary, it is pretty much alive with meteors and other
small bodies that constantly hurtle through space at tre-
mendous speeds. Nor are these meteors infrequent. It is
known that their distribution is rather dense, and it may
be doubted whether a space flyer could be sent from the
earth to the moon without encountering dozens of such
celestial projectiles, traveling at speeds of as high as four
miles per second, which would annihilate anything with
which they came in contact.

  We are. fortunate that our earth possesses an atmosphere,
because the meteors entering the upper strata of our gaseous
envelope are ignited by th_ friction and usually are reduced
to dust before they travei very far. This meteoric dust
settles upon the earth gradually.

  Out in free space, where there is no atmosphere, 110 such
protection exists. The space flyer would probably not know
of his impending fate, until one of these bodies was imme-
diately upon him; and then it would be too late. There is
a chance that sr.nc instruments might be invented with
which to ascertain the approach of a meteor while it
is still thousands r f miles away. Thus its course could be
plotted quickly. enough by some electrical means, perhaps
by using high vacuum tube amplification, and so possibly
enable the space flyer to steer away quickly enough. If there
are too many, as is most likely the case, then even with such
protection it would certainly be impossible to dodge all the
meteorites at all times.

  Furthermore, another danger of which we know little
as vet, is the newly discovered Milliken Cosmic Ray. We
know that these rays abound in open space, to a much
greater extent than 011 earth. What these rays are capable
of doing to the space flyer, has not yet been ascertained. It
may be that the forces of this cosmic ray arc such that it
would prevent a space flyer travelling any distance at all.

Mr. Hugo Gernsbaek speaks every Tuesday at 9.30 P. M. from WRNY on various scientific and radio subjects.
    story of
THE STONE AGE

by %Q.We/ls

Author of “War of the Worlds,”
“The Time Machine,” etc.

its jaw. The bear
, rang on its skulL

he was hanging to its back half
fantastic attack to do more than
A STORY OF THE STONE AGE

727

little pointed tips, a thing that still, in rare instances,
survives. Stark-naked vivid little gipsies, as active
as monkeys and as full of chatter, though a little'
wanting in words.

  Their elders were hidden from the wallowing
hippopotami by the crest of the knoll. The human
squatting-place was a trampled area among the dead
brown fronds of royal fern, through which the
crosiers of this year’s growth were unrolling to the
light and warmth. The fire was a smouldering heap
of char, light grey -and black, replenished by the old
women from time to time with brown leaves. Most
of the men were asleep—they slept sitting with their
foreheads on their knees. They had killed that morn-
ing a good quarry, enough for all, a deer that had
been wounded by hunting dogs; so that there had
been no quarrelling among them, and some of the
women were still gnawing the bones that lay scat-
tered about. Others were making a heap of leaves
and sticks to feed Brother Fire when the darkness
came again, that he might grow strong and tall
therewith, and guard them against the beasts. And
two were piling flints that they brought, an armful
at a time, from the bend of the river where the chil-
dren were at play.

  None of these buff-skinned savages were clothed,
but some wore about their hips rude girdles of adder-
skin or crackling undressed hide, from which de-
pended little bags, not made, but torn from the paws
of beasts, and carrying the rudely-dressed flints that
were men’s chief weapons and tools. And one
woman, the mate of Uya the Cunning Man, wore a
wonderful necklace of perforated fossils—that others
had worn before her. Beside some of the sleeping
men lav the big antlers of the elk, with the tines
to sharp edges, and long sticks, hacked at

 T7VI DENT LY the versatility of H. G. Wells knows
 lit no bounds. There is hardly a subject which he has
 not investigated and on which he cannot write masterfully.

   What do you think conditions on this earth were thou-
 sands upon thousands of years ago in the stone age, for
 example? There were no electric lights, no radio, and,
 for that matter, no stiff collars, no shoes, and no forks,
 Not even the wheel had been invented.

   The first effective weapon of man, namely the stone
 ax—a tremendous invention by the way—was yet to be
 evolved.

   What did the stone age men think about, how did they
 live, what were their aspirations, what were their inspira-
 tions? Did they lave and hate, as do we moderns? II. G.
 Wells has woven, not a fantastic story by any means, but
 a really credible work, which, in the light of present-
 day knowledge, in the light of recent excavations showing
 the implements of the stone age man and other historical
 evidence, ive may well believe true. We knmv you will
 be thrilled with this unusual story.

 cunning he was master
 was always the most and

the ends with flints into
sharp joints. There was
little else save these things
and the smouldering fire
to mark these human be-
ings off from the wild ani-
mals that ranged the coun-
try. But Uva the Cunning
did not sleep, but sat with
a bone in his hand and
scraped busily thereon
with a flint, a thing no ani-
mal would do. He was the
oldest man in the tribe,
beetle-browed, progna-
thous, lank-armed; he had
a beard and his cheeks
were hairy, and his chest
and arms were black with
thick hair. And by virtue
both of his strength and
of the tribe and his share
the test.

CHAPTER I

Ugh-lomi and Uya

HIS story is of a time beyond the mem-
ory of man, before the beginning of his-
tory, a time when one might have walked
dryshod from France (as we call it
now) to England, and when a broad and
sluggish Thames flowed through its marshes to meet
its father Rhine, flowing through a wide and level
country that is under water in these latter days, and
which we know by the name of the North Sea. In
that remote age the valley which runs along the foot
of the Downs did not exist, and the south of Surrey
was a range of hills, fir-clad on the middle slopes,
and snow-capped for the better part of the year.
The cores of its summits still remain as Leith Hill,
and Pitch Hill, and Hindhead. On the lower slopes
of the range, below the grassy spaces where the wild
horses grazed, were forests of yew and sweet-chest-
nut and elm, and the thickets and dark places bid the
grizzly bear and the hysena, and the grey apes clam-
bered through the branches. And still lower amidst
the woodland and marsh and open grass along the
Wey did this little drama play itself out to the end
that I have to tell. Fifty thousand years ago it was,
fifty thousand years—if the reckoning of geologists
is correct.

  And in those days the spring-time was as joyful
as it is now, and sent the blood coursing in just the
same fashion. The afternoon sky was blue with
piled white clouds sailing through it, and the south-
west wind came like a soft caress. The new-come
swallows drove to and fro. The reaches of the
river were spangled with white ranunculus, the
marshy places were starred with lady’s-smock and
lit with marshmallow
wherever the regiments of
the sedges lowered their
swords, and the northward
moving hippopotami, shiny
black monsters, sporting
clumsily, came floundering
and blundering through it
all, rejoicing dimly and
possessed with one clear
idea, to splash the river
muddy.

  Up the river and well
in sight of the hippopot-
ami, a number of the little
buff - coloured animals
dabbed in the water. There
was no fear, no rivalry,
and no enmity between
them and the hippopotami.

As the great bulks came
crashing through the reeds and smashed the mirror of
the water into silvery splashes, these little crfeatures
shouted and gesticulated with glee. It was the sur-
est sign of high spring. “Boloo!” they cried.
“Baayah. Boloo!” They were the children of the
men folk, the smoke of whose encampment rose
from the knoll at the river’s bend. Wild-eyed
youngsters they were, with matted hair and little
broad-nosed impish faces, covered (as some children
are covered even nowadays) with a delicate down
of hair. They were narrow in the loins and long
in the arms. And their ears had no lobes, and had

EUDENA had hidden herself among the alders,
because she was afraid of Uya. She was still
a girl, and her eyes were bright and her smile pleas-
ant to see. He had given her a piece of the liver, a
man’s piece, and a wonderful treat for a girl to get;
but as she took it the other woman with the neck-
lace had looked at her. an evil glance, and Ugh-lomi
had made a noise in his throat. At that. Uya had
looked at him long and steadfastly and Ugh-lomi’s
728

AMAZING STORIES

face had fallen. And then Uya had looked at her.
She was frightened and she had stolen away, while
the feeding was still going on, and Uya was busy
with the marrow of a bone. Afterwards he had
wandered about as if looking for her. And now
she crouched among the alders, wondering mightily
what Uya might be doing with the flint and the
bone. And Ugh-lomi was not to be seen.

  Presently a squirrel came leaping through the
alders, and she lay so quiet the little man was within
six feet of her before he saw her. Whereupon he
dashed up a stem in a hurry and began to chatter
and scold her. “What are you doing here,” he
asked, “away from the other men beasts?” “Peace,”
said Eudena, but he only chattered more, and then
she began to break off the little black cones to throw
at him. ,He dodged and defied her, and she grew
excited and rose up to throw better, and then she
saw Uya coming down the knoll. He had seen the
movement of her pale arm amidst the thicket—he
was very keen-eyed.

  At that she forgot the squirrel and set off through
the alders and reeds as fast as she could go. She
did not care where she went so long as she escaped
Uya. She splashed nearly knee-deep through a
swampy place, and saw in front of her a slope of
ferns—growing more slender and green as they
passed up out of the light into the shade of the
young chestnuts. She was soon amidst the trees—
she was very fleet of foot, and she ran on and on
until the forest was old and the vales great, and the
vines about their stems where the light came were
thick as young trees, and the ropes of ivy stout and
tight. On she went and she doubled and doubled
again, and then at last lay down amidst some ferns
in a hollow place near a thicket, and listened with
her heart beating in her ears.

  She heard footsteps presently rustling among the
dead leaves, far off, and they died away and every-
thing was still again, except the scandalising of the
midges—for the evening was drawing on—and the
incessant whisper of the leaves. She laughed silently
to think the cunning Uya should go by her. She
was not frightened. Sometimes, playing with the
other girls and lads, she had fled into the wood,
though never so far as this. It was pleasant to be
hidden and alone.

  She lay a long time there, glad of her escape, and
then she sat up listening.

  It was a rapid pattering growing louder and com-
ing towards her, and in a little while she could hear
grunting noises and the snapping of twigs. It was a
drove of lean grisly wild swine. She turned about
her, for a boar is an ill fellow to pass too closely, on
account of the sideway slash of his tusks, and she
made off slantingly through the trees. But the pat-
ter came nearer, they were not feeding as they
wandered but going fast—or else they would not
overtake her—and she caught the limb 6f a tree,
swung on to it, and ran up the stem with something
of the agility of a monkey.

  Down below the sharp bristling backs of the swiae
were already passing when she looked. And she
knew the short, sharp grunts they made meant fear.
What were they afraid of? A man? They were
in a great hurry for just a man.

  And then, so suddenly it made her grip on the
branch tighten involuntarily, a fawn started in the
brake and rushed after the swine. Something else

went by, low and grey, with a long body; she did
not know what it was, indeed she saw it only mo-
mentarily through the interstices of the young
leaves; and then there came a pause.

  She remained stiff and expectant, as rigid almost
as though she was a part of the tree she clung to,
peering down.

  Then, far away among the trees, clear for a mo-
ment, then hidden, then visible knee-deep in ferns,
then gone again ran a man. She knew it was young
Ugh-lomi by the fair colour of his hair, and there
was red upon his face. Somehow his frantic flight
and that scarlet mark made her feel sick. And then
nearer, running heavily and breathing hard, came
another man. At first she could not see, and then
she saw, foreshortened and clear to her, Uya, run-
ning with great strides and his eyes staring. He
was not going after Ugh-lomi. His face was white.
It was Uya—afraid! He passed, and was still within
hearing, when something else, something large and
with grizzled fur, swinging along with soft swift
strides, came rushing in pursuit of him.

EUDENA suddenly became rigid, ceased to
breathe, her clutch convulsive, and her eyes
starting.

  She had never seen the thing before, she did not
even see him clearly now, but she knew at once it was
the Terror of the Woodshade. His name was a
legend, the children would frighten one another,
frighten even themselves with his name, and run
screaming to the squatting-place. No man had ever
killed any of his kind. Even the mighty mammoth
feared his anger. It was the grizzly bear, the lord
of the world as the world went then.

  As he ran he made a continuous growling grum-
ble. “Men in my very lair! Fighting and blood.
At the very mouth of my lair. Men, men, men.
Fighting and blood.” For he was the lord of the
wood and of the caves.

  Long after he had passed she remained, a girl of
stone, staring down through the branches. All her
power of action had gone from her. She gripped
by instinct with hands and knees and feet. It was
some time before she could think, and then only
one thing was clear in her mind, that the Terror
was between her and the tribe—that it would be
impossible to descend.

  Presently when her fear was a little abated she
clambered into a more comfortable position, where
a great branch forked. The trees rose about her, so
that she could see nothing of Brother Fire, who is
black by day. Birds began to stir, and things that
had gone into. hiding for fear of her movements
crept out. . . .

  After a time the taller branches flamed out at the
touch of the sunset. High overhead the rooks, who
were wiser than men. went cawing home to their
squatting-places among the elms. Looking down,
things were clearer and darker. Eudena thought of
going back to the squatting-place; she let herself
down some way, and then the fear of the Terror of
the Woodshade came again. While she hesitated, a
rabbit squealed dismally, and she dared not descend
farther.

  The shadows gathered, and the deeps of the forest
began stirring. Eudena went up the tree again to
be nearer the light. Down below the shadows came
out of their hiding-places and walked abroad. Over-
A STORY OF THE STONE AGE

729

head the blue deepened. A dreadful stillness came,
and then the leaves began whispering.

  Eudena shivered and thought of Brother Fire.

  The shadows now were gathering in the trees,
they sat on the branches and watched her. Branches
and leaves were turned to ominous, quiet, black
shapes that would spring on her if she stirred. Then
the white owl, flitting silently, came ghostly through
the shades. Darker grew the world and darker,
until the leaves and twigs against the sky were black,
and the ground was hidden.

  She remained there all night, an age-long vigil,
straining her ears for the things that went on below
in the darkness, and keeping motionless lest some
stealthy beast should discover her. Man in those
days was never alone in the dark, save for such rare
accidents as this. Age after age he had learnt the
lesson of its terror—a lesson we poor children of
his have nowadays painfully to unlearn. Eudena,'
though in age a woman, was in heart like a little
child. She kept as still, poor little animal, as a hare
before it is started.

  The stars gathered ahd watched her—her one
grain of comfort. In one bright one she fancied
there was something like Ugh-lomi. Then she fan-
cied it was Ugh-lomi. And near him, red and duller,
was Uya, and as the night passed Ugh-lomi fled
before him up the sky.

  She tried to see Brother Fire, who guarded the
squatting-place from beasts, but he was not in sight.
And far away she heard the mammoths trumpeting
as they went down to the drinking-place, and once
some huge bulk with heavy paces hurried along,
making a noise like a calf, but what it was she could
not see. But she thought from the voice it was Yaaa
the rhinoceros, who stabs with his nose, goes always
alone, and rages without cause.

  At last the little stars began to hide, and then the
larger ones. It was like all the animals vanishing
before the Terror. The Sun was coming, lord of
the sky, as the grizzly was lord of the forest. Eudena
wondered what would happen if one star stayed
behind. And then the skv paled to the dawn.

  When the daylight came the fear of lurking things
passed, and she could descend. She was stiff, but
not so stiff as you would have been, dear young
lady (by virtue of your upbringing), and as she had
not been trained to eat at least once in three hours,
but instead had often fasted three days, she did not
feel uncomfortably hungry. She crept down the
tree very cautiously, and went her way stealthily
through the wood, and not a squirrel sprang or deer
started but the terror of the grizzly bear froze her
marrow.

  Her desire was now to find her people again. Her
dread of Uya the Cunning was consumed by a greater
dread of loneliness. But she had lost her direction.
She had run heedlessly overnight, and she could not
tell whether the squatting-place was sunward or
where it lay. Ever and again she stopped and lis-
tened, and at last, very far awav, she heard a meas-
ured chinking. It was so faint even in the morning
stillness that she could tell it must be far away.
But she knew the sound was that of a man sharpen-
ing a flint.

  Presently the trees began to thin out, and then
came a regiment of nettles barring the way. She
turned aside, and then she came to a fallen tree
that she knew, with a noise of bees about it. And

so presently she was in sight of the knoll, very far
off, and the rivei under il, and the children and
the hippopotami just as they had been yesterday,
and the thin spire of smoke swaying in the morning
breeze. Far away by the river was the cluster of
alders where she had hidden. And at the sight of
that the fear of Uya returned, and she crept into a
thicket of bracken, out of which a rabbit scuttled,
and lay awhile to watch the squatting-place.

THE men were mostly out of sight, saving Wau,
the flint-chopper; and at that she felt safer.
They were awafv hunting food, no doubt. Some of
the women, too, were down in the stream, stooping
intent, seeking mussels, crayfish, and water-snails,
and at the sight of their occupation Eudena felt
hungry. She rose, and ran through the fern, design-
ing to join them. As she went she heard a voice
among the bracken calling softly. She stopped.
Then suddenly she heard a rustle behind her, and
turning, saw Ugh-lomi rising out of the fern. There
were streaks of brown blood and dirt on his face,
and his eyes were fierce, and the white stone of
Uva, the white Fire Stone, that none but Uya dared
to touch, was in his hand. In a stride he was beside
her, and gripped her arm. He swung her about,
and thrust her before him towards the woods.
“Uva,” he said, and waved his arms about. She
heard a cry, looked back, and saw all the women
standing up, and two wading out of the stream.
Then came a nearer howling, and the old woman
with the beard, who watched the fire on the knoll,
was waving her arms, and Wau, the man who had
been chipping the flint, was getting to his feet. The
little children too were hurrying and shouting.

  “Come!” said Ugh-lomi. and dragged her by the
arm.

  She still did not understand.

  “Uya has called the death word,” said Ugh-lomi,
and she glanced back at the screaming curve of fig-
ures, and understood.

  Wau and all the women and children were coming
towards them, a scattered array of buff shock-headed
figures, howling, leaping, and crying. Over the
knoll two youths hurried. Down among the ferns
to the right came a man, heading them off from the
wood. Ugh-lomi dropped her arm, and the two began
running side by side, leaping the bracken and step-
ping clear and wide. Eudena, knowing her fleetness
and the fleetness of Ugh-lomi, laughed aloud at the
unequal chase. They were an exceptionally straight-
limbed couple for those days.

  They soon cleared the open, and drew near the
wood of chestnut-trees again—neither afraid now
because neither was alone. They slackened their
pace, already not excessive. And suddenly Eudena
cried and swerved aside, pointing, and looking up
through the tree-stems. Ugh-lomi saw the feet and
legs of men running towards him. Eudena was
already running off at a tangent. And as he too
turned to follow her they heard the voice of Uya
coming through the trees, and roaring out his rage
at them.

  Then terror came in their hearts, not the terror
that numbs, but the terror that makes one silent and
swift. They were cut off now on two sides. They
were in a sort of corner of pursuit. On the right
hand, and near them, came the men swift and heavy,
with bearded Uya, antler in hand, leading them; and
730

AMAZING STORIES

on the left, scattered as one scatters corn, yellow
dashes among the fern and grass, ran Wau and the
women; and even the little children from the shallow
had joined the chase. The two parties converged
upon them. Off they went, with Eudena ahead.

  They knew there was no mercy for them. There
was no hunting so sweet to these ancient men as the
hunting of men. Once the fierce passion of the
chase was lit, the feeble beginnings of humanity in
them were thrown to the winds. And Uya in the
night had marked Ugh-lomi with the death word.
Ugh-lomi was the day’s quarry, the appointed feast.

  They ran straight—it was their oqly chance—tak-
ing whatever ground came in the way—a spread of
stinging nettles, an open glade, a clump of grass out
of which a hyaena fled snarling. Then woods again,
long stretches of shady leaf-mould and moss under
the green trunks. Then a stiff slope, tree-clad, and
long vistas of trees, a glade, a succulent green area
of black mud, a wide open space again, and then a
clump of lacerating brambles' with beast tracks
through it. Behind them the chase trailed out and
scattered, with Uya ever at their heels. Eudena kept
the first place, running light and with her breath
easy, for Ugh-lomi carried the Fire Stone in his
hand. '

   It told on his pace—not at first, but after a time.
His footsteps behind her suddenly grew remote.
Glancing over her shoulder as they crossed another
open space, Eudena saw that Ugh-lomi was many
yards behind her, and Uya close upon him, with
antler already raised in the air to strike him down.
Wau and the others were but just emerging from
the shadow of the woods.

  Seeing Ugh-lomi in peril, Eudena ran sideways,
looking back, threw up her arms and cried aloud,
just as the antler flew. And young Ugh-lomi, ex-
pecting this and understanding her cry, ducked his
head, so that the missile merely struck his scalp
lightly, making but a trivial wound, and flew over
him. He turned forthwith, the quartzite Fire Stone
in both hands, and hurled it straight at Uya’s body
as he ran loose from the throw. Uya shouted, but
could not dodge it. It took him under the ribs,
heavy and flat, and be reeled and went down without
a cry. Ugh-lomi caught up the antler—one tine of
St was tipped with his own blood—and came running
on again with a red trickle just coming out of his
hair.

  Uya rolled over twice, and la)' a moment before
he got up, and then he did not run fast. The colour
of his face was changed. Wau overtook him. and
then others, and he coughed and laboured in his
breath. But he kept on.

AT last the two fugitives gained the bank of the
l\ river, where the stream ran deep and narrow,
and they still had fifty yards in hand of Wau, the
foremost pursuer, the man who made thg smiting
stones. He carried one, a large flint, the shape of an
oyster and double the size, chipped to a chisel edge,
in either hand.

   They sprang down the steep bank into the stream,
rushed through the water, swam the deep current
in two or three strokes, and came out wading again,
dripping and refreshed, to clamber up the farther
bank. It was undermined, and with willows grow-
ing thickly therefrom, so that it needed clambering.
And while Eudena was still among the silvery

branches and Ugh-lomi still in the water—for the
antler had encumbered him—Wau came up against
the sky on the opposite bank, and the smiting stone,
thrown cunningly, took the side of Eudena’s knee.
She struggled to the top and fell.

   They heard the pursuers shout to one another,
 and Ugh-lomi climbing to her and moving jerkily
 to mar Wau’s aim, felt the second smiting stone
 graze his ear, and heard the water splash below him.

   Then it was Ugh-lomi, the stripling, proved him-
 self to have come to man’s estate. For running on,
 he found Eudena fell behind, limping, and at that
 he turned, and crying savagely and with a face ter-
 rible with sudden wrath and trickling blood, ran
 swiftly past her back to the bank, whirling the antler
 round' his head. And Eudena kept on, running
 stoutly still, though she must needs limp at every
 step, and the pain was already sharp.

 *	So that Wau, rising over the edge and clutching
 the straight willow branches, saw Ugh-lomi tower-
 ing over him, gigantic against the blue; saw his
 whole body swing round, and the grip of his hands
 upon the antler. The edge' of the antler came sweep-
 ing through the air, and he-saw no more. The water
 under the osiers whirled and eddied and went crim-
 son six feet down the stream. Uya following stopped
 knee-high across the stream, and the man who was
 swimming turned about.

   The other men who trailed after—they were none
 of them very mighty men (for Uya was more cun-
 ning than strong, brooking no sturdy rivals)—slack-
 ened momentarily at the sight of Ugh-lomi standing
 there above the willows, bloody and terrible, between
 them and the halting girl, with the huge antler wav-
 ing in his hand. It seemed as though he had gone
 into the water a youth, and come out of it a man full
 grown.

  He knew what there was behind him. A broad
 stretch of grass, and then a thicket, and in that
 Eudena could hide. That was clear in his mind,
 though bis thinking powers were too feeble to see
 what should happen thereafter. Uya stood knee-
 deep, undecided and unarmed. His heavy mouth
 hung open, showing his canine teeth, and he panted
 heavily. His side was flushed and bruised under the
 hair. The other man beside him carried a sharpened
 stick. The rest of the hunters came up one by one
 to the top of the bank, hairy, long-armed men clutch-
 ing flints and sticks. Two ran off along the bank
 down stream, and then clambered to the water, where
 VVau had come to the surface struggling weakly.
 Before they could reach him he went under again.
 Two others threatened Ugh-lomi from the bank.

   He answered back, shouts, vague insults, gestures.
 Then Uya, who had been hesitating, roared with
 rage, and whirling his fists plunged into the water.
 His followers splashed after him.

   Ugh-lomi glanced over his shoulder and found
 Eudena already vanished into the thicket. He would
 perhaps have waited for Uya, but Uya preferred to
 spar in the water below him until the others were
 beside him. Human tactics in those days, in all seri-
 ous fighting, were the tactics of the pack. Prey that
 turned at bay they gathered around and rushed.
 Ugh-lomi felt the rush coming, and hurling the antler
 at Uya, turned about and fled.

   When he halted to look hack from the shadow of
 the thicket, he found only three of his pursuers had
 followed him across the river, and they were going
A STORY OF THE STONE AGE

731

 back again. Uya, with a bleeding mouth, was on
 the farther side of the stream again, but lower down,
 and holding his hand to his side. The others were
 in the river dragging something to shore. For a
 time at least the chase was intermitted.

    Ugh-lomi stood watching for a space, and snarled
 at the sight of Uya. Then he turned and plunged
 into the thicket.

   In a minute, Eudena came hastening to join him,
 and they went on hand in hand. He dimly per-
 ceived the pain she suffered from the cut and bruised
 knee, and chose the easier ways. But they went on
 all that day, mile after mile, through wood and
 thicket, until at last they came to the chalk land,
 open grass with rare woods of beech, and the birch
 growing near water, and they saw the Wealden
 mountains nearer, and groups of horses grazing to-
 gether. They went circumspectly, keeping'always
 near thicket and cover, for this was a strange region
 —even its ways were strange. Steadily the ground
 rose, until the chestnut forests spread wide and blue
 below them, and the Thames marshes shone silvery,
 high and far. They saw no men, for in those days
 men were still only just come into this part of the
 world, and were moving but slowly along the river-
 ways. Towards evening they came on the river again,
 but now it ran in a gorge, between high cliffs of
 white chalk thdt sometimes overhung it. Down the
 cliffs was a scrub of birches and there were jnanv-
 birds there. And high up the cliff was a little shelf
 by a tree, whereon they clambered to pass the night.

 THEY had had scarcely any food; it was not
 the time of year for berries, and they had 110
 time to go aside to snare or waylay. They tramped
 in a hungry weary silence, gnawing at twigs and
 leaves. But over the surface of the cliffs were a
 multitude of snails, and in a bush were the freshly
 laid eggs of a little bird, and then Ugh-lomi threw
 at and killed a squirrel in a beech-tree, so that at
 last they fed well. Ugh-lomi watched during the
 night, his chin on his knees; and he heard young
 foxes crying hard by, and the noise of mammoths
 down the gorge and the hyaenas yelling and laughing-
 far away. It was chilly, but they dared not light' a
 fire. Whenever Jie dozed, his spirit went abroad,
 and straightway met with the spirit of Uya, and
 they fought. And always Ugh-lomi was paralysed
 so that he could not smite nor run. and then he would
 awake suddenly. Eudena, too. dreamt evil things
 of Uya, so that they both awoke with the fear of
 him in their hearts, and by the light of the dawn
 they saw a woolly rhinoceros go blundering down
 the valley.

   During the day they caressed one another and
 were glad of the sunshine, and Eu'dena’s leg was so
 stiff she sat on the ledge all day. Ugh-lomi found

•	great flints sticking out of the cliff face, greater
 than any he had seen, and he dragged some tp the
 ledge and began chipping, so as to be armed against
 Uya, when he came again. And at one he laughed
 heartily, and Eudena laughed, and they threw it
 about in derision. It had a hole in it. They stuck
 their fingers through it, it was very funny indeed.
 Then they peeped at one another through it. After-
 wards, Ugh-lomi got himself a stick, and thrusting
 by chance at this foolish flint, the stick went in and
 stuck there. He had rammed it in too tightly to
 withdraw it. That was still stranger—scarcely

funny, terrible almost, and for a th-ne Ugh-lomi did
not greatly care to touch the thing. It was as if
the flint had bit and held with its teeth. But then
he got familiar with the odd combination. He swung
it about, and perceived that the stick with the heavy
stone on the end struck a better blow than anything
he knew. He went to and fro swinging it, and strik-
ing with it; but later he tired of it and threw it
aside. In the afternoon he went up over the brow
of the white cliff, and lay watching by a rabbit-
warren until the rabbits came out to play. There
were no men thereabouts, and the rabbits were heed-
less. He threw a smiting stone he had made and
got a kill.

  That night they made a fire from flint sparks and
bracken, fronds, and talked and caressed by it. And
in their sleep Uya’s spirit came again, and suddenly,
while Ugh-lomi was trying to fight vainly, the fool-
ish flint 011 the stick came into his hand, and he
struck Uya with it, and behold! it killed him. But
afterwards came other dreams of Uva—-for spirits
take a lot of killing, and he had to lie killed again.
Then after that the stone would not keep on the
stick. He awoke tired and rather gloomy, and was
sulky all the forenoon, in spite of Eudena’s kind-
liness, and instead of hunting he sat chipping a
sharp edge to the singular flint, and looking strangely
at her. Then he bound the perforated flint on to
the stick with strips of rabbit skin. And afterwards
he walked up and down the ledge, striking with it,
and muttering to himself, and thinking of Uya. It
felt very' fine and heavy in the hand.

  Several days, more than there was any counting
in those days, five days, it may be, or six, did Ugh-
lomi and Eudena stay on that shelf in the gorge of
the river, and they lost all fear of men, and their
fire burnt redly of a night. And they were very
merry together; there was food every day, sweet
water, and no enemies. Eudena’s knee was well in
a couple of days, for those ancient savages had
quick-healing flesh. Indeed, they were very happy.

  On one of those days Ugh-lomi dropped a chunk
of flint over the cliff. He saw it fall, and go bound-
ing across the river bank into the river, and after
laughing and thinking it over a little he tried another.
This smashed a bush of hazel in the most interest-
ing way. They spent all the morning dropping stones
from the ledge, and in the afternoon they discovered
this new and interesting pastime was also possible
from the cliff brow. The next day they had for-
gotten this delight. Or at least, it seemed they had
forgotten.

BUT Uya came in dreams to spoil the paradise.
Three nights he came fighting Ugh-lomi. In
the morning after these dreams Ugh-lomi would
walk up and down, threatening him and swinging
the axe, and at last came the night after Ugh-lomi
brained the otter, and they had feasted. Uya went
too far. Ugh-lomi awoke, scowling under his heavy
brows, and he took his axe, and extending his hand
towards Eudena he bade her wait for him upon the
ledge. Then he clambered down the white declivity,
glanced up once from the foot of it and flourished
his axe. and without looking back again went strid-
ing along the river bank until the overhanging cliff
at the bend hid him.

  Two days and nights did Eudena sit alone by the
fire on the ledge waiting, and in the night the beasts
7 32

AMAZING STORIES

howled over the cliffs and down the valley, and on
the cliff over against her the hunched hyaenas prowled
black against the sky. But no evil thing came near
her save fear. Once, far away, she heard the roar-
ing of a lion, following the horses as they came
northward over the grass lands with the spring. All
that time she waited—the waiting that is pain.

  And the third day Ugh-lomi came back, up the
river. The plumes of a raven were in his hair. The
first axe was red-stained, and had long dark hairs
upon it, and he carried the necklace that had marked
the favourite of Uya in his hand, lie walked in the
soft places, giving 110 heed to his trail. Save a raw
cut below his jaw there was not a wound upon him.
"Uya!” cried Ugh-lomi exultant, and Eudena saw
it was well. He put the necklace 011 Eudena, and
they ate and drank together. And after eating he
began to rehearse the whole story from the begin-
ning, when Uya had cast his eyes on Eudena, and
Uya and Ugh-lomi, fighting in the forest, had been
chased by the bear, eking out his scanty words with
abundant pantomime, springing to his feet and whirl-
ing the stone axe round when it came to the lighting.
The last fight was a mighty one, stamping and hout-
ing, and once a blow at the fire that sent a torrent
of sparks Mip into the night. And Eudena sat red
in the light of the fire, gloating on him, her face
flushed and her eves shining, and the necklace Uya
had made about her neck. It was a splendid time,
and the stars that looked down on us looked down
on her, our ancestor—who has been dead now these
fifty thousand years.

CHAPTER II

The Cave Bear

IN the days when Eudena and Ugh-lomi fled
from the people of Uya towards the fir-clad
mountains of the Weald, across the forests of
sweet chestnut and the grass-clad chalk land, and hid
themselves at last in the gorge of ,the river between
the chalk cliffs, men were few and their squatting-
places far between. The nearest men to them were
those of the tribe, a full day’s journey down the
river, ancl up the mountains there were none. Man
was indeed a newcomer to this part of the world in
that ancient time, coming slowly along the rivers,
generation after generation, from one squatting-place
to another, from the south-westward. And the ani-
mals that held the land, the hippopotamus and rhi-
noceros of the river valleys, the horses of the grass
plains, the deer and swine of the woods, the grey
apes in the branches, the cattle of the uplands, feared
him but little—let alone the mammoths in the moun-
tains and the elephants that came through the land
in the summer-time out of the south. For why
should they fear him, with but the rough, chipped
flints that he had not learnt to haft and which he
threw but ill, and the poor spear of sharpened wood,
as all the weapons he had against hoof and horn,
tooth and claw ?

  Andoo, the huge cave bear, wlio lived in the cave
up the gorge, had never even seen a man in ali bis
wise and respectable life, until midway through one
night, as he was prowling down the gorge along the
cliff edge, he saw the glare of Eudena’s fire upon
the ledge, and Eudena red and shining, and Ugh-
lomi, with a gigantic shadow mocking him upon the

white cliff, going to and fro, shaking his mane of
hair, and waving the axe of stone—the first axe of
stone—while he chanted of the killing of Uya. The
cave bear was far up the gorge, and he saw the
thing slanting-ways and far off. He was so sur-
prised he stood quite still upon the edge, sniffing
the novel odour of burning bracken, and wondering
whether the dawn was'coming up in the wrong place.

  He was the lord of the rocks and caves, was the
cave bear, as his slighter brother; the grizzly, was
lord of the thick woods below, and as the dappled
lion—the lion of those days was dappled—was lord
of the thorn-thickets, reedbeds, and open plains.

1 le was the greatest of all meat-eaters; he knew no
fear, none preyed on him, and none gave him battle;
only the rhinoceros was beyond his strength. Even
the mammoth shunned his country. This invasion
perplexed him. He noticed these new beasts were
shaped like monkeys, and sparsely hairy like voung
pigs. “Monkey and young pig.” said the cave bear.
"It might not be so bad. But that red thing that
jumps, and the black thing jumping with it yonder!
Never in my life have 1 seen such things before!”

  He came slowly along the brow of the cliff
towards them, stopping thrice to sniff and peer, and
the reek of the fire .grew stronger. A couple of
hyaenas also were so intent upon the thing below
that Andoo, coming soft and easy, was close upon
them before they knew of him or he of them. They
started guiltily and went lurching off. Coming
round in a wheel, a hundred yards off, they began
yelling and calling him names to revenge themselves
for the start they had had. “Ya-ha!” they cried.
“Who can't grub his own burrows? Who eats roots
like a pig? . . . Ya-ha!” for even in those days the
hyaena’s manners were just as offensive as they are
now.

  “Who answers the hyaena ?” growled Andoo, peer-
ing through the midnight dimness at them, and then
going-to look at the cliff edge.

  There was Ugh-lomi still telling his story, and
the fire getting low, and the scent of the burning
hot and strong.

  Andoo stood 011 the edge of the chalk cliff for
some time, shifting his vast weight from foot to
foot, and swaying his head to and fro, with his mouth
open, his ears erect and twitching, and the nostrils
of his big black muzzle sniffing. He was very curi-
ous, was the cave bear, more curious than any of
the bears that live now, and the flickering fire and
the incomprehensible movements of the man. let alone
the intrusion into his indisputable province, stirred
him with a sense of strange new happenings. He
had been after red deer fawn that night, fo' the
cave bear was a miscellaneous hunter, but this quite
turned him from that enterprise.

  “Ya-ha!’’ yelled the hyaenas behind. “Ya-ha-ha!”

  Peering through the starlight, Andoo saw there
were now three or four going to and fro against the
grev hillside. “Thev will hang about me now all
the night. . . . until T kill.” said Andoo. “Filth of
the world !" And mainly to annov their, he resolved
to watch the red flicker in the gorge until the dawn
came to drive the hyaena s'Mim home. And after
a time they vanished, and he heard their voices, like
1 party of Cockney beanfeasters, away in the befech-
woods. Then they came slinking near again. Andoo
yawned and went on along the cliff, and they fol-
lowed. Then he stopped and went back
A STORY OF THE STONE AGE

733

  It was a splendid night, beset with shining con-
stellations, the same stars, but not the same constel-
lations we know, for since those days all the stars
have had time to move into new places. Far away
across the open space beyond where the heavy-
shouldered, lean-bodied hyaenas blundered and
howled, was a beech-wood, and the mountain slopes
rose beyond, a dim rftystery, until their snow-capped
summits came out white and cold and clear, touched
by the first rays of the yet unseen moon. It was a
vast silence, save when the yell of the hyaenas flung
a vanishing discordance across its peace, or when
from dowm the hills the trumpeting of the new-come
elephants came faintly on the faint breeze. And
below now, the red flicker had dwindled and was
steady, and shone a deeper red, and Ugh-lomi had
finished his story and was preparing to sleep, and
Eudena sat and listened to the strange voices of
unknown beasts, and watched the dark eastern sky
growing deeply luminous at the advent of the moon.
Down below, the river talked to itself, and things
unseen went to and fro.

  After a time the bear went away, but in an hour
he was back again. Then, as if struck by a thought,
he turned, and went up the gorge. . . .

THE night passed, and Ugh-lomi slept on. The
waning moon rose and lit the gaunt white cliff
overhead with a light that was pale and vague. The
gorge remained in a deeper shadow and seemed all
the darker. Then bv imperceptible degrees, the day
came stealing in the wake of the moonlight. Eude-
na’s eyes wandered to the cliff brow overhead once,
and then again. Each time the line was sharp and
clear against the sky, and yet she had a dim percep-
tion of something lurking there. The red of the
fire grew deeper and deeper, grey scales spread upon
it, its vertical column of smoke became more and
more visible, and up and down the gorge things that
had been unseen grew clear in a colourless illumina-
tion. She may have dozed.

  Suddenly she started up from her squatting posi-
tion, erect and alert, scrutinising the cliff up and
down.

  She made the faintest sound, and Ugh-lomi too,
light-sleeping like an animal, was instantly awake.
He caught up his axe and came noiselessly to her
side.

  The light was still dim, the world now all in black
and dark grey, and one sickly star still lingered over-
head. The ledge they were on was a little grassy
space, six feet wide, perhaps, and twenty feet long,
sloping outwardly, and with a handful of St. John’s
wort growing near the edge. Below it the soft, white
rock fell away in a steep slope of nearly fiftv feet
to the thick bush of hazel that fringed the river.
Down the river this slope increased, until some wav
off a thin grass held its own right up to the crest of
the cliff. Overhead, forty or fifty feet of rock
bulged into the great masses characteristic o'f chalk,
but at the end of the ledge a gully, a precipitous
groove of discoloured rock, slashed the face of the
cliff, and gave a footing to a scrubby growth, by
which Eudena and Ugh-lomi went up and down.

  They stood as noiseless as startled deer, with even^
sense expectant. For a minute they heard nothing,
and then came a faint rattling of dust down the gullv,
and the creaking of twigs.

  Ugh-lomi gripped his axe, and went to the brow

of the ledge, for the bulge of the chalk overhead
had hidden the upper part of the gully. And forth
with, with a sudden contraction of the heart, he saw
the cave bear half-way down from the brow, and
making a gingerly backward step with his flat hind-
t'oot. His hind-quarters were towards Ugh-lomi,
and he clawed at the rocks and bushes so that he
seemed flattened against the-cliff. He looked none
the less for that. From his shining snout to his
stumpy tail he was a lion and a half, the length of
two tall men. He looked over his shoulder, and
his huge mouth was open with the exertion of hold-
ing up his great carcass, and his tongue lay out. . . .

  He got his footing, and came down slowly, a yard
nearer.

  “Bear,’' said Ugh-lomi, looking round with his
face white.

  But Eudena, with terror in her eyes, was pointing
down the cliff.

  Ugh-lomi's mouth fell open. For down below,
with her big fore-feet against the rock, stood another
big brown-grey bulk—the she-bear. She was not
so big as Andoo, but she was big enough for all that.

  Then suddenly Ugh-lomi gave a cry, and’ catching
up a handful of the litter of ferns that lay scattered
on the ledge, he thrust it into the pallid ash of the
fire. “Brother Fire !” he cried, “Brother Fire !” And
Eudena, starting into activity, did likewise. “Brother
Fire! Help, help! Brother Fire!”

  Brother Fire was still red in his heart, but he
turned to grey as they scattered him. “Brother
Fire!” they screamed. But he whispered and passed,
and there was nothing but ashes. Then Ugh-lomi
danced with anger and struck the ashes with his fist.
But Eudena began to hammer the firestone against
a flint. And the eyes of each were turning ever and
again towards the gully by which Andoo was climb-
ing down. Brother Fire!

SUDDENLY the huge furry hind-quarters of the
bear came i»ito view, beneath the bulge of the
chalk that had hidden him. He was still clambering
gingerly down the nearly vertical surface. His head
was yet out of sight, but they could hear him talk-
ing to himself. “Pig and monkey,” said the cave
bear. “It ought to be good.”

  Eudena struck a spark and blew at it; it twinkled
brighter and then—went out. At tltat she cast down
flint and firestone and stared blankly. Then she
sprang to ner feet and scrambled a yard or so up
the clift above the ledge. How she hung on even
for a moment I do not know, for the chalk was
vertical and without grip for a monkey. In a couple
of seconds she had slid back to the ledge again with
bleeding hands.

  Ugh-lomi was making frantic rushes about the
ledge—now he would go to the edge, now to the
gully. He did not know what to do, he could not
think. The she-bear looked smaller than her mate—
much. If they rushed clown on her together, one
might live. “Ugh?” said the cave bear, and Ugh-
lomi turned again and saw his little eyes peering
under the bulge of the chalk.

  Eudena, cowering at the end of the ledge, began
to scream like a gripped rabbit.

  At that a sort of madness came upon Ugh-lomi.
With a mighty cry, he caught up his axe and ran
towards Andoo. The monster gave a grunt of sur-
prise. In a moment Ugh-lomi was clinging to a
734.

AMAZING STORIES

bush rig}* underneath the bear, and in another he
was hangup to its back half buried in fur, with one
fist clutched in the hair under its jaw. The bear
was too astonished at this fantastic attack to do more
than cling passive. And then the axe, the first of
all axes, rang on its skull.

  The bear’s head twisted from side to side, and
he began a petulant scolding growl. The axe bit
within an inch of the left eye, and the hot blood
blinded that side. At that the brute roared with
surpi^e and anger, and his teeth gnashed six inches
from Ugh-lomi’s face. Then the axe, clubbed close,
came down heavily on the corner of the jaw.

  The next blow blinded the right side and called
forth a roar, this time of pain. Eudena saw the
huge, fiat feet slipping and sliding, and suddenly the
bear gave a clumsy leap sideways, as if for the
ledge. Then everything vanished, and the hazels
smashed, and a roar of painjmd a tumult of shouts
and growls came up from far below.

  Eudena screamed and ran to the edge and peered
over. For a moment, man and bears were a heap
together, Ugh-lomi uppermost; and then he had
sprung clear and was scaling the gully again, with
the bears rolling and striking at one another among
the hazels. But he had left his axe below, and three
knob-ended- streaks of carmine were shooting down
his thigh. “Up!” he cried, and in a moment Eu-
dena was leading the way to the top of the cliff.

  In half a minute they were at the crest, their hearts
pumping noisily, with Andoo and his wife far and
safe below them. Andoo was sitting on his haunches,
both paws at work, trying with quick exasperated
movements to wipe the blindness out of his eyes,
and the she-bear stood 011 all-fours a little way off,
ruffled in appearance and growling angrily. Ugh-
lomi flung himself flat on the grass, and lay panting
and bleeding with his face on his arms.

  For a second Eudena regarded the bears, then she
came and sat beside him, looking at him. . . .

  Presently she put forth her hand timidly and
touched him, and made the guttural sound that was
his name. He turned over and raised himself on
his arm. His face was pale, like the face of one
who is afraid. He looked at her steadfastly for a
moment, and then suddenly he laughed. “Waugh!”
he said exultantly.

  “Waugh!” said she—a simple but expressive con-
versation.

  Then I gh-lomi came and knelt beside her, and
on hands and knees peered over the brow and exam-
ined the gorge. His breath was steady now. and the
blood on his leg had ceased to flow, though the
scratches the she-bear had made were open and wide.
He squatted up and sat staring at the footmarks of
the great bear as they came to the gully—they were
as wide as his head and twice as long. Then he
jumped up and went along the cliff face until the
ledge Was visible. Here he sat down for some time
thinking, while Eudena watched him. Presently she
saw the bears had gone.

  At last Ugh-lomi rose, as one whose mind is made
up. He returned towards the gully, Eudena keeping
close by him, and together they clambered to the
ledge. They took the firestone and a flint, and then
Ugh-lomi went down to the foot of the cliff very
cautiously, and found his axe. They returned to
the cliff as quietly as they could, and set off at a
brisk walk. The ledge was a home no longer, with

such callers in the neighbourhood. Ugh-lomi car-
ried the axe and Eudena the firestone. So simple
was a Palaeolithic removal.

THEY went up-stream, although it might lead
to the very lair of the cave bear, because there
was no other way to go. Down the stream was the
tribe, and had not Ugh-lomi Hilled Uya and Wau?
By the stream they had to keep—because of drinking.

  So they marched through beech trees, with the
gorge deepening until the river flowed, a frothing
rapid, five hundred feet below them. Of all the
changeful things in this world of change, the courses
of rivers in deep valleys change least. It was the
river Wey, the river we know to-day, and they
marched over the very spots where nowadays stand
little Guildford and Godalming — the first human
beings to come into the land. Once a grey ape chat-
tered and vanished, and all along the cliff edge, vast
and even, ran the spoor of the great cave bear. /

  And then the spoor of the bear fell away from the
cliff, showing, Ugh-lomi thought, that he came from
some place to the left, and keeping to the cliff’s edge,
they presently came to an end. They found them-
selves looking down on a great semi-circular space
caused by . the collapse of the cliff. It had smashed
right across the gorge, banking the up-stream water
back in a pool which overflowed in a rapid. The
slip had happened long ago. It was grassed over,
but the face of the cliffs that stood about the semi-
circle was still almost fresh-looking and white as
on the day when the rock must have broken and slid
down. Starkly exposed and black under the foot
of these cliffs were the mouths of several caves. And
as they stood there, looking at the space, and disin-
clined to skirt it, because they thought the bears’
lair lay somewhere on the left in the direction they
must needs take, they saw suddenly first one bear
and then two coming up the grass slope to the right
and going across the amphitheatre towards the caves.
Andoo was first; he dropped a little on his fore-foot
and his mien was despondent, and the she-bear came
shuffling behind.

  Eudena and Ugh-lomi stepped back from the cliff
until they could just see the bears over the verge.
Then Ugh-lomi stopped. Eudena pulled his arm,
but he turned with a forbidding gesture, and her
hand dropped. Ugh-lomi stood watching the bears,
with his axe in his hand, until they had vanished into
the cave. He growled softly, and shook the axe at
the she-bear's receding quarters. Then to Eudena’s
terror, instead of creeping off with her, he lay flat
down and crawled forward into such a position that
he could just see the cave. It was bears—and he
did it as calmly as if it had been rabbits he was
watching!

  He lay still, like a barked log, sttn-dappled, in
the shadow of the trees, He was thinking. And
Eudena had learnt, even when a little girl, that when
Ugh-lomi became still like that, jawbone on fist,
novel things presently began to happen.

  It was an hour before the thinking was over; it
was noon when the two little savages had found
their way to the cliff brow that overhung the bears’
cave. And all the long afternoon they fought des-
perately with a great boulder of chalk; trundling it,
with nothing but their unaided sturdy muscles, from
the gully where it had hung like a loose tooth,
towards the cliff top. It was full two yards about
A STORY OF THE STONE AGE

735

it stood as high as Eudena’s waist, it was obtuse-
angled and toothed with flints. And when the sun
set it was poised, three inches from the edge, above
the cave of the great cave bear.

  In the cave conversation languished during that
afternoon. The she-bear snoozed sulkily in her cor-
ner—for she was fond of pig and monkey—and
Andoo was busy licking the side of his paw and
smearing his face to cool the smart and inflamma-
tion of his wounds. Afterwards he went and sat
just within the mouth of the cave, blinking out at
the afternoon sun with his uninjured eye, and
thinking.

  “I never was so startled in my life,” he said at
last. “They are the most extraordinary beasts. At-
tacking met"

  “I don’t like them,” said the she-bear, out of the
darkness behind.

  “A feebler sort of beast I never saw. I can't
think what the world is coming to. Scraggy, weedy
legs. . . . Wonder how they keep warm in winter?”
“Very likely they don’t,” said the she-bear.

  “I suppose it’s a sort of monkey gone wrong.”
  “It’s a change,” said the she-bear.	»

  A pause.

  “The advantage he had was merely accidental,”
said Andoo. “These things will happen at times.”

  “I can’t understand why you let go,” said the she-
bear.

THAT matter had been discussed before, and
settled. So Andoo, being a bear of experience,
remained silent for a space. Then he resumed upon
a different aspect of the matter. “He has a sort of
claw—a long claw that he seemed to have first on
one paw and then on the other. Just one claw.
They’re very odd things. The bright thing, too, they
seemed to have—like that glare that comes in the
sky in daytime—only it jumps about—it’s really
worth seeing. It’s a thing with a root, too—like grass
when it is windy.”

  “Does it bite?” asked the she-bear. “If it bites
it can’t be a plant.”

  “No—I don’t know,” said Andoo. “But it's
curious, anyhow.”

  “I wonder if they are good eating?” said the she-
bear.

  “They look it,” said Andoo, with appetite—for
the cave bear, like the polar bear, was an incurable
carnivore—no roots or honey for him.

  The two bears fell into a meditation for a space.
Then Andoo resumed his simple attentions to his
eye. The sunlight up the green slope before the
cave mouth grew warmer in tone and warmer, until
it was a ruddy amber.

  “Curious sort of thing—day,” said the cave bear.
“Lot too much of it, I think. Quite unsuitable for
hunting. Dazzles me always. T can’t smell nearly
so well by day.”

  The she-bear did not answer, but there came a
measured crunching sound out of the darkness. She
had turned up a bone. Andoo yawned. “Well,” he
said. He strolled to the cave mouth and stood with
his head projecting, surveying the amphitheatre. He
found he had to turn his head completely round to
see objects on his right-hand side. No doubt that
eye would be all right to-morrow.

  He yawned again. There was a tap overhead,
and a big mass of chalk flew out from the cliff face.

  dropped a yard in front of his nose, and starred
  into a dozen unequal fragments. It startled him
  extremely.

    When he had recovered a little from his shock,
  he went and sniffed curiously at the representative
  pieces of the fallen projectile. They had a dis-
  tinctive flavour, oddly reminiscent of the two drab
  animals of the ledge. He sat up and pawed the
  larger lump, and walked round it several times, try-
  ing to find a man about it somewhere. . . .

    When night had come he went off down the river
  gorge to see if he could cut off either of the ledge’s
  occupants. The ledge was empty, there were no
  signs of the red thing, but as he was rather hungry
  he did not loiter long that night, but pushed on to
  pick up a red deer fawn. He forgot about the
  drab animals. He found a fawn, but the doe was
  close by and made an ugly fight for her young.
  Andoo had to leave the fawn, but as her blood was
  up she stuck to the attack, and at last he got in a
  blow of his paw on her nose, and so got hold of
  her. More meat but less delicacy, and the she-bear.
  following, had her share. The next afternoon, curi-
  ously enough, the very fellow of the first white rock
  fell, and smashed precisely according to precedent.

    The aim of the third, that fell the night after,
  however, was better. It hit Andoo’s unspeculative
  skull with a crack that echoed up the cliff, and the
  white fragments went dancing to all the points of
  the compass-. The she-bear coming after him and
  sniffing curiously at him, found him lying in an
  odd sort of attitude, with his head wet and all out
  of shape. She was a young she-bear, and inexperi-
  enced, and having sniffed about him for some time
  and licked him a little, and so forth, she decided to
  leave him until the odd mood had passed, and went
  on her hunting alone.

    She looked up the fawn of the red doe they had
  killed two nights ago, and found it. But it was
  lonely hunting without Andoo, and she returned
  caveward before dawn. The sky was grey and over-
  cast, the trees up the gorge were black and unfamil-
  iar, and into her ursine mind came a dim sense of
  strange and dreary happenings. She lifted up her
  voice and called Andoo by name. The sides of the
  gorge reechoed her.

    As she approached the caves she saw in the half
  light, and heard a couple of jackals scuttle off, and
  immediately after a hyaena howled and a dozen
  clumsy bulks went lumbering up the slope, and
  stopped and yelled derision. “Lord of the rocks
  and caves—va-ha!” came down the wind. The dis-
  mal feeling in the she-bear’s mind became suddenly
  acute. She shuffled across the amphitheatre.

    “Ya-ha!” said the hyaenas, retreating. “Ya-ha!”

    The cave bear was not lying quite in the same
  attitude, because the hyaenas had been busy, and in
  one place his ribs showed white. Dotted over the
  turf about him lay the smashed fragments of the
  three great lumps of chalk. And the air was full
  of the scent of death.

    The she-bear stopped dead. Even now, that the
  great and wonderful Andoo was killed was beyond
  her believing. Then she heard far overhead a sound,
  ^.a queer sound, a little like the shout of a hyaena but
  fuller and lower in pitch. She looked up, her little
  dawn-blinded eyes seeing little, her nostrils quiver-
  ing. And there, on the cliff edge, far above her
  against the bright pink of dawn, were two little
736

AMAZING STORIES

shaggy round dark tilings, the heads of Eudena and
Ugh-lomi, as they shouted derision at her. But
though she could not see them very distinctly she
could hear, and dimly she began to apprehend. A
novel feeling as of imminent strange evils came into
her heart.

  She began to examine the smashed fragments of
chalk that lay about Andoo For a space she stood
still, looking about her and making a low continu-
ous sound that was almost a moc i. Then she went
back incredulously to Andoo to make one last effort
to rouse him.

CHAPTER III

The First Horseman

IN the days before Ugh-lomi there was little
trouble between the horses and men. They
lived apart—the men in the river swamps and
thickets, the horses on the wide grassy uplands be-
tween the chestnuts and the pines. Sometimes a
pony would come straying into the clogging marshes
to make a flint-hacked meal, and sometimes the tribe
would find one, the kill of a lion, and drive off the
jackals, and feast heartily while the sun was high.
These horses of the old time were clumsy at the fet-
lock and dun-coloured, with a rough tail and big
head. They came every spring-time north-westward
into the country, after the swallows and before the
hippopotami, as the grass on the wide downland
stretches grew long. They came only in small bodies
thus far, each herd, a stallion and two or three mares
and a foal or so, having its own stretch of country,
and they went again when the chestnut-trees were
yellow and the wolves came down the Wealden
mountains.

  It was their custom to graze right out in the open,
going into cover only in the heat of the day. They
avoided the long stretches of thorn and beechwood,
preferring an isolated group of trees void of ambus-
cade, so that it was hard to come upon them. They
were never fighters; their heels and teeth were for
one another, but in the clear country, once they were
started, no living thing came near them, though per-
haps the elephant might have done so had he felt
the need. And in those days man seemed a harm-
less thing enough. No whisper of prophetic intelli-
gence told the speci'es of the terrible slavery that
was to come, of the whip, and spur and bearing-rein,
the clumsy load and the slippery street, the insuffi-
cient food, and the knacker’s yard, that was to replace
the wide grass-land and the freedom of the earth.

  Down in the Wey marshes Ugh-lomi and Eudena
had never seen the horses closely, but now they saw
them every day as the two of them raided out" from
their lair on the ledge in the gorge, raicjing together
in search of food. They had returned to the ledge
after the killing of Andoo; for of the she-bear they
were not afraid. The she-bear had become afraid
of them, and when she winded them she went aside.
The two went together everywhere; for since they
left the tribe Eudena was not so much Ugh-lomi’s
woman as his mate; she learnt to hunt even—ras
much, that is, as any woman could. She was indeed
a marvellous woman. He would lie for hours watch-
ing a beast, or planning catches in that shock head

of his, and she would stay beside him, with her
bright eyes upon him, offering no irritating sugges-
tions—as still as any man. A wonderful woman!

  At the top of the cliff was an open grassy lawn
and then beechwoods, and going through the beech-
woods one came to the edge of the rolling grassy
expanse, and in sight of the horses. Here, on the
edge of the wood and bracken, were the rabbit-
burrows, and here among the fronds Eudena and
Ugh-lomi would lie with their throwing-stones ready,
until the little people came out to nibble and play
in the sunset. And while Eudena would sit, a silent
figure of watchfulness, regarding the burrows, Ugh-
lomi’s eyes were ever away across the greensward
at those wonderful grazing strangers.

  In a dim way he appreciated their grace and their
supple nimbleness. As the sun declined in the eve-
ning-time, and the heat of the day passed, theyr
would become active, would start chasing one an-
other, neighing, dodging, shaking their manes, com-
ing round in great curves, sometimes so close that
the pounding of the turf sounded like hurried thun-
der. It looked so fine that Ugh-lomi wanted to join
in badly. And sometimes one would roll over on
the turf, kicking four hoofs heavenward, which
seemed formidable and was certainly much less al-
luring.

  Dim imaginings ran through Ugh-lomi’s mind as
he watched—by virtue of which two rabbits lived
the longer. And sleeping, his brains were clearer
and bolder—for that was the way in those days. He
came near the h*rses, he dreamt, and fought, sniit-
rng-sjtgne against hoof, but then the horses changed
to men, or, at least, to men with horses’ heads, and
he awoke in a cold sweat of terror.

  Yet the next day in the morning, as the horses
were grazing, one of the mares whinnied, and they
saw Ugh-lomi coming up the wind. They all stopped
their eating and watched him. Ugh-lomi was hot
coming towards them, but strolling obliquely across
the open, looking at anything in the world but
horses. He had stuck three fern-fronds into the
mat of his hair, giving him a remarkable appearance,
and he walked very slowly. “What’s up now?” said
the. Master Horse, who was capable, but inexper-
ienced.

  “It looks more like the first half of an animal
than anything else in the world,” he said, “Fore-
legs and no hind.”

  “It’s only one of those pink monkey things,” said
the Eldest Mare. “They’re a sort bf river monkey.
They’re quite common on the plains.”

  Ugh-lomi continued his oblique advance. The
Eldest Mare was struck with the want of motive in
his proceedings.

  “Fool!” said the Eldest Mare, in a quick conclusive
way she had. She resumed her grazing. The Mas-
ter Horse and the Second Mare followed suit.

  “Look! lie’s nearer,” said the Foal with a stripe.

  One of the younger foals made uneasy move-
ments. Ugh-lomi squatted down, and sat regarding
the horses fixedly. In a little w’hile he was satisfied
that they meant neither flight nor hostilities. He be-
gan to consider his next procedure. He did not
feel anxious to kill, but he had his axe with him, and
the spirit of sport was upon him. How would one
kill one of these creatures?—-these great beautiful
creatures!
A STORY OF THE STONE AGE

737

EUDENA, watching him with a fearful admira-
tion from the cover of the bracken, saw him
presently go on all fours, and so proceed again. But
the horses preferred him a biped to a quadruped,
and the Master Horse threw up his head and gave
the word to move. Ugh-lomi thought they were off
for good, but after a minute’s gallop they came
round in a wide curve, and stood winding him.
Then, as a rise in the ground hid him, they tailed
out, the Master Horse leading, and approached him
spirally.

   He was as ignorant of the possibilities of a horse as
they were of his. And at this stage it would seem
he funked. He knew this kind of stalking would
make red deer or buffalo charge, if it were persisted
in. At any rate Eudena saw him jump up and come
walking towards her with the fern plumes held in
his hand.

  She stood up, and he grinned to show that the
whole thing was an immense lark, and that what he
had done was just what he had planned to do from
the very beginning. So that incident ended. But
he was very thoughtful all that day.

  The next day this foolish drab creature with the
leonine mane, instead of going about the grazing
or hunting he was made for, was prowling round
the horses again. The Eldest Mare was all for
silent contempt. “1 suppose he wants to learn some-
thing from us,” she said, and “Let him.” The next
day he was at it again. The Master Horse decided
lie meant absolutely nothing. But as a matter of
fact, Ugh-lomi, the first of men to feel that curious
spell of the horse that binds us even to this day,
meant a great deal. He admired them unreservedly.
There was a rudiment of the snob in him, I am
afraid, and he wanted to be near tl :se beautifully-
curved animals. Then there were vague concep-
tions of a kill. If only they would let him come
near them! But they drew the line, he found, at
fifty yards. If he came nearer than that they moved
off—with dignity. I suppose it was the way he had
blinded Andoo that made him think of leaping 011
the back of one of them. But though Eudena after
a time came out in the open too, and they did some
unobtrusive stalking things stopped there.

  Then one memorable day a new idea came to
Ugh-lomi. The horse looks down and level, but he
does not 1ook utJ No animals look up—they have
too much common-sense. It was only that fantastic
'reature. man, could waste his wits skyward. Ugh-
lomi made no philosophical deductions, but he per-
ceived the thing was so. So he spent a wearv day
in a beech that stood in the open, while Eudena
stalked. Usually the horses went into the shade in
the heat of the afternoon, but that day the sky was
overcast, and they would not. in spite of Eudena’s
solicitude.

  It was two days later that Ugh-lomi had his de-
sire. The day was blazing hot, and the multiplying
flies asserted themselves. The horses stopped graz-
ing before mid-day, and came into the shadow below
him. and stood in "ouples nose to tail, flapping.

  The Master Horse, by virtue of his heels, came
closest to the tree. And suddenly ther^ was a rustle
and a creak, a thud. . . . Then a sharp chipped
flint bit him 011 the cheek. The Master Horse stum-
bled. came on one knee, rose to his feet, and was off
like the wind. The air was full of the V'hirl of limbs,
the prance of hoofs, and snorts of alarm. Ugh-lomi

was pitched a foot in the air, came down again, up
again, his stomach was hit violently, and then his
knees got a grip of something between them. He
found himself clutching with knees, feet, and hands,
careering violently with extraordinary oscillation
through the air—his axe gone heaven knows whither.
‘'Hold tight,” said Mother Instinct, and he did.

  He was aware of a lot of coarse hair in his face,
some of it between his teeth, and of green turf
streaming past in front of his eyes. He saw the
shoulder of the Master Horse, vast and sleek, with the
muscles flowing swiftly under the skin. He perceived
that his arms were round the neck, and that the vio-
lent jerkings he experienced had a sort of rhythm.

  Then he was in the midst of a wild rush of tree-
stems, and then there were fronds of bracken about,
and then more open turf. Then a stream of peb-
bles rushing past, little pebbles flying sideways
athwart the stream from the blow of the swift hoofs.
Ugh-lomi began to feel frightfully sick and giddy,
but he was not the stuff to leave go simply because
he was uncomfortable.

  He dared not leave his grip, but he tried to make
himself more comfortable. He released his hug on
the neck, gripping the mane instead. He slipped
his knees forward, and pushing back, came into a
sitting position where the quarters broaden. It was
nervous work, but he managed it, and at last he was
fairly seated astride, breathless indeed, and uncer-
tain, but with that frightful pounding of his body at
any rate relieved.

SLOWLY the fragments of Ugh-lomi’s mind got
into order again. The pace seemed to him ter-
rific, but a kind of exultation was beginning to oust
his first frantic terror. The air rushed by, sweet
and wonderful, the rhythm of the hoofs changed
and broke up and returned into itself again. They
were on turf now, a wide glade—the beech-trees a
hundred yards away on either side, and a succulent
band of green starred with pink blossom and shot
with silver water here and there, meandered down
the middle. Far off was a glimpse of blue vallev—
far away. The exultation grew. It was man’s first
taste of pace.

  Then came a wide space dappled with flying fal-
low deer scattering this way and that, and then a
couple of jackals, mistaking Ugh-lomi for a lion,
came hurrying after him. And when they saw it was
not a lion they still came on out of curiosity. On
galloped the horse, with his one idea of escape, and
after him the jackals, with pricked ears and quickly-
barked remarks. “Which kills'which ?” said the first
jackal. “It’s the horse being killed,” said the second.
They gave the howl of following, and the horse an-
swered to it as a horse answers nowadays to the
spur.

   O11 they rushed, a little tornado through the quiet
day, putting up startled birds, sending a dozen un-
expected things darting to cover, raising a myriad
of indignant dung-flies, smashing little blossoms
flowering complacently, back into their parental turf.
Trees again, and then splash, splash across a torrent;
then a hare shot out of a tuft of grass under the very
hoofs of the Master Horse, and the jackals left them
incontinently. So presently they broke into the open
again, a wide expanse of turfy hillside—the very
grassy downs that fall northward nowadays from
the Epsom Stand.
738

AMAZING STORIES

/

  The first hot bolt of the Master Horse was long
since over. He was falling into a measured trot,
and Ugh-lomi, albeit bruised exceedingly and quite
uncertain of the future, was in a state of glorious
enjoyment. And now came a new development. The
pace broke again, the Master Horse came round on
a short curve, and stopped dead. . . .

  Ugh-lomi became alert. He wished he had a flint,
but the throwing flint he had carried in a thong
about his waist was—like the axe—heaven knows
where. The Master Horse turned his head, and
Ugh-lomi became aware of an eye and teeth. He
whipped his leg into a position of security, and hit
at the cheek with his fist. Then the head went down
somewhere out of existence apparently, and the back
he was sitting on flew up into a dome. Ugh-lomi
became a thing of instinct again—strictly prehen-
sible; he held by knees and feet, and his head seemed
sliding towards the turf. His fingers were twisted
into the shock of mane, and the rough hair of the
horse saved him. The gradient he was on lowered
again, and then—“Whup!” said Ugh-lomi aston-
ished, and the slant was the other way up. But
Ugh-lomi was a thousand generations nearer the
primordial than man: no monkey could have held
on better. And the lion had been training the horse
for countless generations against the tactics of roll-
ing and rearing back. But he kicked like a master,
and buck-jumped rather neatly. In five minutes
Ugh-lomi lived a lifetime. If he came off, the horse
would kill him, he felt assured.

  Then the Master Horse decided to stick to his old
tactics again, and suddenly went off at a gallop. He
headed down the slope, taking the steep places at a
rush, swerving neither to the right nor to the left,
and, as they rode down, the wide expanse of valley
sank out of sigfit behind the approaching skirmishers
of oak and hawthorn. They skirted a sudden hollow
with the pool of a spring, rank weeds and silver
bushes. The ground grew softer and the grass
taller, and on the right-hand side and the left came
scattered bushes of May—still splashed with belated
blossom. Presently the bushes thickened until they
lashed the passing rider, and little flashes and gouts
of blood came out on horse and man. Then the way
opened again.

  AND then came a wonderful adventure. A sud-
-ix den squeal of unreasonable anger rose amidst
the bushes, the squeal of some creature bitterly
wronged. And crashing after them appeared a big,
grey-blue shape. It was Yaaa the big-horned rhinoc-
eros, in one of those fits of fury of his, charging
full tilt, after the manner of his kind. He had been
startled at his feeding, and someone, it did not mat-
ter who, was to be ripped and trampled therefore.
He was bearing down on them from the left, with
his wicked little eye red, his great horn down and
his tail like a jury-mast behind him. For a minute
Ugh-lomi was minded to slip off and dodge, and
then behold! the staccato of the hoofs grew swifter,
and the rhinoceros and his stumpy hurrying little
legs seemed to slide out at the back corner of Ugh-
lorni’s eye. In two minutes they were through the
bushes of May. and out in the open, going fast. For
a space he could hear the ponderous paces in pursuit
receding behind him, and then it was just as if Yaaa
had not lost his temper, as if Yaaa had never existed.

  The pace never faltered, on they rode and on.

  Ugh-lomi was now all exultation. To exult in
those days was to insult. “Ya-ha! big nose!” he
said, trying to crane back and see some remote speck
of a pursuer. “Why don’t you carry your smiting-
stone in your fist?” he ended with a frantic whoop.

  But that whoop was unfortunate, for coming close
to the ear of the horse,' and being quite unexpected,
it startled the stallion extremely. He shied violently.
Ugh-lomi suddenly found himself uncomfortable
again. He was hanging on to the horse, he found,
by one arm and one knee.

  The rest of the ride was honourable but unpleas-
ant. The view was chiefly of blue sky, and that was
combined with the most unpleasant physical sensa-
tions. Finally, a bush of thorn lashed him and he
let go.

  He hit the ground with his cheek and shoulder,
and then, after a complicated and extraordinarily rap-
id movement, hit it again with the end of his back-
bone. lie saw splashes and sparks of light and
colour. The ground seemed bouncing about just
like the horse had done. Then he found he was sit-
ting on turf, six yards beyond the bush. In front of
him was a space of grass, growing greener and
greener, and a number of human beings in the dis-
tance, and the horse was going round at a smart
gallop quite a long way off to the right.

  The human beings were 011 the opposite side of
the river, some still in the water, but they were all
running away as hard as they could go. The advent
of a monster that took to pieces was not the sort of
novelty they cared for. For quite a minute Ugh-
lomi sat regarding them in a purely spectacular
spirit. The bend of the river, the knoll among the
reeds and royal ferns, the thin streams of smoke go-
ing up to Heaven, were all perfectly familiar to him.
It was the squatting-place of the Sons of Uya, of
Uya from whom he had fled with Eudena, and
whom he had waylaid in the chestnut woods and
killed with the First Axe.

  He rose to his feet, still dazed from his fall, and
as he did so the scattering fugitives turned and re-
garded him. Some pointed to the receding horse
and chattered. He walked slowly towards them,
staring. He forgot the horse, he forgot his own
bruises, in the growing interest of this encounter.
There were fewer of them than there had been—
he supposed the others must have hid—the heap of
fern for the night fire was not so high. By the flint
heaps should have sat Wau—but then he remem-
bered be had killed Wau. Suddenly brought back to
this familiar scene, the gorge and the bears and
Eudena seemed things remote, things dreamt of.

  He stopped at the bank and stood regarding the
tribe. His mathematical abilities were of the slight-
est, but it was certain there were fewer. The men
might be away, but there were fewer women and chil-
dren. He gave the shout of home-coming. His
quarrel had been with Uya and Wau—not with the
others. “Children of Uva!” he cried. They an-
swered with his name, a little fearfully because of
the strange way he had come.

  For a space they spoke together. Then an old
woman lifted a shrill voice and answered him. “Our
Lord is a Lion.”

  Ugh-lomi did not understand that saying. They
answered him again several together. “Uya comes
again. He, comes as a Lion. Our Lord is a Lion.
He comes at night. He slays whom he will. But
A STORY OF THE STONE AGE

739

none other may slay us, Ugh-lomi, none other may
slay us.”

  Still Ugh-lomi did not understand.

  “Our Lord is a Lion. He speaks no more to men.”

  Ugh-lomi stood regarding them. He had had
dreams—he knew that though he had killed Uya,
Uya still existed. And now they told him Uya was
a Lion.

  The shrivelled old woman, the mistress of the
fire-minders, suddenly turned and spoke softly to
those next to her. She was a very old woman in-
deed, she had been the first of Uya’s wives, and he
he had let her live beyond the age to which it is
seemly a woman should be permitted to live. She
had been cunning from the first, cunning to please
Uya and to get food. And now she was great in
counsel. She spoke softly, and Ugh-lomi watched
her shrivelled form across the river with a curious
distaste. Then she called aloud, “Come over to us,
Ugh-lomi.”

A GIRL suddenly lifted up her voice. “Come
over to us, Ugh-lomi,” she said. And they all
began crying, “Come over to us, Ugh-lomi.”

  It was strange how their manner changed after
the old woman called.

  He stood quite still watching them all. It was
pleasant to be called, and the girl who had called
first was a pretty one. But she made him think of
Eudena.

  “Come over to us, Ugh-lomi,” they cried, and the
voice of the shrivelled old woman rose above them
all. At the sound of her voice his hesitation re-
turned.

  He stood on the river bank, Ugh-lomi—Ugh the
Thinker—with his thoughts slowly taking shape.
Presently one and then another paused to see what
he would do. He was minded to go back, he was
minded not to. Suddenly his fear or his caution got
the upper hand. Without answering them he turned,
and walked back towards the distant thorn-trees, the
way he had come. Forthwith the whole tribe started
crying to him again very eagerly. He hesitated and
turned, then he went on, then he turned again, and
then once again, regarding them with troubled eyes
as they called. The last time he took two paces
back, before his fear stopped him. They saw him
stop once more, and suddenly shake his head and
vanish among the hawthorn-trees.

  Then all the women and children lifted up their
voices together, and called to him in one last vain
effort.

  Far down the river the reeds were stirring in the
breeze, where, convenient for his new sort of feed-
ing, the old lion, who had taken to man-eating, had
made his lair.

  The old woman turned her face that way, and
pointed to the hawthorn thickets. “Uya,” she
screamed, “there goes thine enemy! There goes
thine enemy, Uya! Why do you devour us nightly ?
We have tried to snare him! There goes thine
enemy, Uya!”

  But the lion who preyed upon the tribe was taking
his siesta. The crv went unheard. That day he had
dined on one of the plumper girls, and his mood was
a comfortable placidity. He really did not under-
stand that he was Uya or that Ugh-1omi was his
enemy.

  So it was that Ugh-lomi rode the horse, and heard

first of Uya the lion, who had taken the place of Uya
the Master, and was eating up the tribe. And as he
hurried back to the gorge his mind was no longer
full of the horse, but of the thought that Uya was
still alive, to slay or be slain. Over and over again
he saw the shrunken band of women and children
crying that Uya was a lion. Uya was a lion!

  And presently, fearing the twilight might come
upon him, Ugh-lomi began running.

CHAPTER IV

Uya the Lion

THE old lion was in luck. The tribe had a cer-
tain pride in their ruler, but that was all the
satisfaction they got out of it. He came the
very night that Ugh-lomi killed Uya the Cunning,
and so it was they named him Uya. It was the old
woman, the fire-minder, who first named him Uya.
A shower had lowered the fires to a glow, and made
the night dark. And as they conversed together, and
peered at one another in the darkness, and wondered
fearfully what Uya would do to them in their
dreams now that he was dead, they heard the mount-
ing reverberations of the lion’s roar close at hand.
Then everything was still.

  They held their breath, so that almost the. only
sounds were the patter pf the rain and the hiss of
the raindrops in the ashes. And then, after an in-
terminable time, a crash, and a shriek of fear, and
a growling. They sprang to their feet, shouting,
screaming, running this way and that, but brands
would not burn, and in a minute the victim was be-
ing dragged away through the ferns. It was Irk,
the brother of Wau.

  So the lion came.

  The ferns were still wet from the rain the next
night, and he came and took Click with the red hair.
That sufficed for two nights. And then in the dark
between the moons he came three nights, night after
night, and that though they had good fires. He was
an old lion with stumpy teeth, but very silent and
very cool; he knew of fires before; these were not
the first of mankind that had ministered to his old
age. The third night he came l)etween the outer
fire and the inner, and he leapt the flint heap, and
pulled down Irm the son of Irk, who had.seemed
like to be the leader. That was a dreadful night,
because they lit great flares of fern and ran scream-
ing, and the lion missed his hold of Irm. By the
glare of the fire they saw Irm struggle up, and run
a little way towards them, and then the lion in two
bounds had him down again. That was the last of
Irm.

  So	fear came, and all the delight of spring passed
out of their lives. Already there were five gone out
of the tribe, and four nights added three more to
the number. Food-seeking became spiritless, none
knew who might go next, and all day the women
toiled, even the favourite women, gathering litter
and sticks for the night fires. And the hunters
hunted ill: in the warm spring-time hunger came
again as though it was still winter. The tribe might
have moved, had they had a leader, but they had no
leader, and none knew where to go that the lion
could not follow them. So the old lion waxed fat
and thanked heaven for the kindly race of men. Two
of the children and a youth died while the moon was
740

AMAZING STORIES

still new, and then it was the shrivelled old fire-
rninder first bethought herself in a dream of Eudena
and Ugh-lomi, and of the way Uya had been slain.
She had lived in fear of Uya all her days, and now
she lived in fear of the lion. That Ugh-lomi could
kill Uya for good—Ugh-lomi whom she had seen
born—was impossible. It was Uya still seeking his
enemy!

  And then came the strange return of Ugh-lomi,
a wonderful animal seen galloping far across the
river, that suddenly changed into two animals, a
horse and a man. Following this portent, the vision
of Ugh-lomi on the farther bank of the river. . . .
Yes, it was all plain to her. Uya w'as punishing
them, -because they had not hunted down Ugh-lomi
and Eudena.

  T he men came straggling back to the chances of
the night while the sun was still golden in the sky.
They were received with the story of Ugh-lomi. She
went across the river with them and showed them
his spoor hesitating on the farther bank. Siss the
Tracker knew the feet for Ugh-lomi’s. “Uya needs
Ugh-lomi,” cried the old woman, standing on the
left of the bend, a gesticulating figure of flaring
bronze in the sunset. Her cries were strange sounds,
flitting to and fro 011 the borderland of speech, but
this was the sense they carried: “The lion needs
Eudena. He comes night after night seeking Eu-
dena and Ugh-lomi. When he cannot find Eudena
and Ugh-lomi, he grows angry and he kills. Hunt
Eudena and Ugh-lomi, Eudena whom he pursued,
and Ugh-lomi for whom he gave the death-word!
Hunt Eudena and Ugh-lomi!”

  She turned to the distant reed-bed, as sometimes
she had turned 10 Uya in his life. “Is it not so, my
lord?” she cried. And, as if in answer, the tall
reeds bowed before a breath of wind.

  Far into the twilight the sound of hacking was
beard from the squatting-places. It was the men
sharpening their ashen spears against the hunting
nf the morrow. And in the night, early before the
moon rose, the lion came and took the girl of Siss the
Tracker.

  In the morning before the sun had risen, Siss the
Tracker, and the lad Wau-hau, who now chipped
flints, and One Eye, and Bo. and the snail-eater. the
two red-haired men, and Cat’s-skin and Sna&e, all
the men that were left alive of the Sons of Uya,
taking their ash spears and their smiting-stones, and
with throwing stones in the beast-paw bags, started
forth upon the trail of Ugh-lomi through the haw-
thorn thickets where Yaaa the Rhinoceros and his
brothers were feeding, and up the bare downland
towards the beechwoods.

  That night the fires burnt high and fierce, as the
waxing moon set, and the lion left the crouching
women and children in peace.

  And the next day, while the sun was still high,
the hunters returned—all save One Eye,-who lay
dead with a smashed skull at the foot of the ledge.

  When Ugh-lomi came back that evening from
stalking the horses, he found the vultures already
busy over him. And with them the hunters brought
Eudena bruised and wounded, but .alive. That had
been the strange order of the shrivelled old woman,
that she was to be brought alive—“She is no kill
for us. She is for, Uya the Lion.” Her hands were
tied with thongs, as though she had been a man, and
she came weary and drooping—her hair over her

eyes and matted with blood. They walked about
her, and ever and again the Snail-Eater, whose name
she had given, would laugh and strike her with his
ashen spear. And after he had struck her with his
spear, he would look over his shoulder like one who
had done an over-bold deed. The others, too, looked
over their shoulders ever and again, and all were in
a hurry save Eudena. When the old woman saw
them coming, she cried aloud with joy.

  They made Eudena cross the river with her hands
tied, although the current was strong, and when she
slipped the old woman screamed, first with joy and
then for fear she might be drowned. And when
they had dragged Eudena to shore, she could not
stand for a time, albeit they beat her sore. So they
let her sit with her feet touching the water, and her
eyes staring before her, and her face set, whatever
they might do or say. All the tribe came down to
the squatting-place, even curly little Haha, who as
yet could scarcely toddle, and stood staring at Eu-
dena an<,l the old woman, as now we should stare at
some strange wounded beast and its captor.

THE old woman tore off the necklace of Uya
that was about Eudena’s neck, and put it on
herself—she had been the first to wear it. Then
she tore at Eudena’s hair, and took a spear from
Siss and beat her with all her might. And when
she had vented the warmth of her heart on the girl
she looked closely into her face. Eudena’s eyes were
closed and her features were set, and she lay so still
that for a moment the old woman feared she was
dead. And then her nostrils quivered. At that the
old woman slapped her face and laughed and gave
the spear to Siss again-, and went a little way off
from her and began to talk and jeer at her after her
manner.

  The old woman had more words than any in the
tribe And her talk was a terrible thing to hear.
Sometimes she screamed and moaned incoherently,
and sometimes the shape of her guttural cries was
the mere phantom of thoughts But she conveyed to
Eudena. nevertheless, mucn of the things that were
yet to come, of the Lion and of the torment he would
do her “And Ugh-lomi! Ha, ha! Ugh-lomi is
slain ?’'

  And suddenly Eudena’s eyes opened and she sat
up again, and her look met the old woman's fair and
level. “No,” she said slowly, like one trying to re-
member, “I did not see my Ugh-lomi slain. 1 did
not see my Ugh-lomi slain.”

  “Tell her,'’ cried the old woman “Tell her—he
that killed him. Tell her how Ugh-lomi was slain.”

  She looked, and all the women and children there
looked, from man to man.

  None answered her. They stood shamefaced.

  "Tell her,” said the old woman. The men looked
at one another.

  Eudena’s face suddenly lit.

  “Tel! her,” she said. “Tell her, mighty men! Tell
her the killing of Ugh-lomi."

  The old Woman rose and struck her sharply across
her mouth.

  “We could not find Ugh-lomi,” said Siss the
Tracker, slowly. “Who hunts two, kills none.”

  Then Eudena’s heart leapt, but she kept her face
hard. It was as well, for the old woman looked at
her sharply, with murder in her eyes.

  Then the old woman turned her tongue upon the
A STORY OF THE STONE AGE

741

men because they had feared to go on after Ugh-
lomi. She dreadecLno one now Uya was slain. She
scolded them as one scolds children. And they
scowled at her, and began to accuse one another.
Until suddenly Siss the Tracker raised his voice and
bade her hold her peace.

  And so when the sun was setting they took Eu-
dena and went—though their hearts sank within
them—along the trail the old lion had made in the
reeds. All the men went together. At one place
was a group of alders, and here they hastily bound
Eudena where the lion might find her when he came
abroad in the twilight, and having done so they hur-
ried back until they were near the squatting-place.
Then they stopped. Siss stopped first and looked
back again at the alders. They could see her head,
even from the squatting-place, a little black shock
under the limb of the larger tree. That was as well.

  All the women and children stood watching upon
the crest of the mound. And the old woman stood
and screamed for the lion to take her whom he
sought, and counselled him on the torments he might
do her.

  Eudena was very weary now, stunned by beatings
and fatigue and sorrow, and only the fear of the
thing that was still to come upheld her. The sun was
broad and blood-red between the stems of the distant
chestnuts, and the west was all on fire; the evening
breeze had died to a warm tranquillity. The air was
full of midge swarms, the fish in the river hard by
would leap at times, and now and again a cockchafer
would drone through the air. Out of the corner of
her eye Eudena could see a part of the squatting-
knoll, and little figures standing and staring at her.
And—a very little sound but very clear—she could
hear the beating of the firestone. Dark and near to
her and still was the reed-fringed thicket of the lair.

  Presently the firestone ceased. She looked for the
sun and found he had gone, and overhead and grow-
ing brighter was the waxing moon. She looked to-
wards the thicket of the lair, seeking shapes in the
reeds, and then suddenly she began to wriggle and
wriggle, weeping and calling upon Ugh-lomi.

  But Ugh-lomi was far away. When they saw her
head moving with her struggles, they shouted to-
gether on the knoll, and she desisted and was still.
And then came the bats, and the star that was like
Ugh-lomi crept out of its blue hiding-place in the
west. She called to it, but softly, because she feared
the lion. And all through the coming of the twilight
the thicket was still.

SO the dark crept upon Eudena, and the moon
grew bright, and the shadows of things that had
fled up the hillside and vanished with the evening
came back to them short and black. And the dark
shapes in the thicket of reeds and alders where the
lion lay, gathered, and a faint stir began there. But
nothing came out therefrom all through the gather-
ing of the darkness.

   She looked at the squatting-place and saw the fires
glowing smokv-red, and the men and women going
to and fro. The other way. over the river, a white
mist was rising. Then far away came the whimper-
ing of young foxes and the yell of a hyaena.

  There were long gaps of aching waiting. After a
long time some animal splashed in the water, and
seemed to cross the river at the ford beyond the lair,
but what animal it was she could not see. From the

distant drinking-pools she could hear the sound of
splashing, and the noise of elephants—so still was
the night.

  The earth was now a colourless arrangement of
white reflections and impenetrable shadows, under
the blue sky. The silvery moon was already spotted
with the filigree crests of the chestnut woods, and
over the shadowy eastward hills the stars were mul-
tiplying. The knoll fires were bright red now, and
black figures stood waiting against them. They were
waiting for a scream. . . . Surely it would be soon.

  The night suddenly seemed full of movement. She
held her breath. Things were passing—one, two,
three—subtly sneaking shadows. . . . Jackals.

  Then a long waiting again.

  Then, asserting itself as real at once over all the
sounds her mind had imagined, came a stir in the
thicket, then a vigorous movement. There was a
snap. The reds crashed heavily, once, twice, thrice,
and then everything was still save a measured swish-
ing. She heard a low tremulous growl, and then
everything was still again. The stillness lengthened
—would it never end ? She held her breath; she bit
her lips to stop screaming. Then something scuttled
through the undergrowth. Her scream was involun-
tary. She did not hear the answering yell from the
mound.

  Immediately the thicket woke up to vigorous
movement again. She saw the grass stems waving in
the light of the setting moon, the alders swaying.
She struggled violently—her last struggle. But
nothing came towards her. A dozen monsters seemed
rushing about in that little place for a couple of
minutes, and then again came silence. The moon
sank behind the distant chestnuts and the night was
dark.

  Then an odd sound, a sobbing panting, that grew
faster and fainter. Yet another silence, and then
dim sounds and the grunting of some animal.

  Everything was still again. Far away eastwards
an elephant trumpeted, and from the woods came a
snarling and yelping that died away.

  In the long interval the moon shone out again, be-
tween the stems of the trees on the ridge, sending
two great bars of light and a bar of darkness across
the reedy waste. Then came a steady rustling, a
splash, and the reeds swayed wider and wider apart.
And at last they broke open, cleft from root to
crest. . . . The end had come.

  She looked to see the thing that had come out of
the reeds. For a moment it seemed certainly the
great head and jaw she expected, and then it dwin-
dled and changed. It was a dark low thing, that
remained silent, but it was not the lion. It became
still—everything became still. She peered. It was
like some gigantic frog, two limbs and a slanting
body. Its head moved about searching the shadows.

A RUSTLE, and it moved clumsily, with a sort
of hopping. And as it moved it gave a low
groan.

  The blood rushing through her veins was sud-
denly joy. “Ugh-lomi!” she whispered.

  The thing stopped. “Eudena,” he answered softly
with pain in his voice, and peering into the alders.

  He moved again, and came out of the shadow be-
yond the reeds into the moonlight. All his body
was covered with dark smears. She saw he was
dragging his legs, and that he gripped his axe, the
742

AMAZING STORIES

first axe, in one hand. In another moment he had
struggled into the position of all fours, and had
staggered over to her. “The lion,” he said in a
strange mingling of exultation and anguish. “Wau!
•—I have slain a lion. With my own hand. Even
as I slew the great bear.” He moved to emphasize
his words, and suddenly broke off with a faint cry.
For a space he did not move.

  “Let me free,” whispered Eudena. . . .

  He answered her no words but pulled himself up
from his crawling attitude by means of the alder
stem, and hacked at her thongs with the sharp edge
of his axe. She heard him sob at each blow, lie
cut away the thongs about her chest and arms, and
then his hand dropped. His chest struck against
her shoulder and he slipped down beside her and
lay still.

  But the rest of her release was easy. Very hast-
ily she freed herself. She made one step from the
tree, and her head was spinning. Her last conscious
movement was towards him. She reeled, and
dropped. Her band fell upon his thigh. It was
soft and wet, and gave way under her pressure; he
cried out at her touch, and writhed and lay still
again.

  Presently a dark dog-like shape came very softly
through the reeds. Then stopped dead and stood
sniffing, hesitated, and at last turned and slunk back
into the shadows.

  Long was the time they remained there motion-
less, with the light of the setting moon shining on
their limbs. Very slowly, as slowly as the setting
of the moon, did the shadow of the reeds towards
the mound flow over them. Presently their legs were
hidden, and Ugh-lomi was but a bust of silver. The
shadow crept to his neck, crept over his face, and
so at last the darkness of the night swallowed them
UP-

  The shadow became full of instinctive stirrings.
There was a patter of feet, and a faint snarling—
the sound of a blow.

THERE was little sleep that night for the wo-
men and children at the squatting-place until
they heard Eudena scream. But the men were weary
and sat dozing. When Eudena screamed they felt
assured of their safety, and hurried to get the near-
est places to the fires. The old woman laughed at
the scream, and laughed again because Si, the little
friend of Eudena, whimpered. Directly the dawn
came they were all alert and looking towards the al-
ders. They could see that Eudena had been taken.
They could not help feeling glad to think that Uya
was appeased. But across the minds of the men
the thought of Ugh-lomi fell like a shadow. They
could understand revenge, for the world was old
in revenge, but they did not think of rescue. Sud-
denly a hyaena fled out of the thicket, and came gal-
loping across the reed space. His muzzle and paws
were dark-stained. At that sight all the men shouted
and clutched at throwing-stones and ran towards
him, for no animal is so pitiful a coward as the
hysena by day. All men hated the hyaena became he
preyed on children, and would come and bite when
one was sleeping on the edge of the squatting-place.
And Cat’s-skin, throwing fair and straight, hit the
brute shrewdly on the flank, whereat the whole tribe
yelled with delight.

  At the noise they made there came a flapping of

wings from the lair of the lion, and three white-
headed vultures rose slowly and circled and came to
rest amidst the branches of an alder, overlooking the
lair. “Our lord is abroad,” said the old woman,
pointing. “The vultures have their share of Eu-
dena.” For a space they remained there, and then
first one and then another dropped back into the
thicket.

  Then over the eastern woods, and touching the
whole world to life and colour, poured, with the ex-
altation of a trumpet blast, the light of the rising
sun. At the sight of him the children shouted to-
gether, and clapped their hands and began to race
off towards the water. Only little Si lagged behind
and looked wonderinglv at the alders where she had
seen the head of Eudena overnight.

  But Uya, the old lion, was not abroad, but at
home, and he lay very still, and a little on one side.
He was not in his lair, but a little way from it in a
place of trampled grass. Under one eye was a little
wound, the feeble little bite of the first axe. But all
the ground beneath his chest was ruddy brown with
a vivid streak, and in his chest was a little hole that
had been made by Ugh-lomi’s stabbing-spear. Along
his side and at his neck the vultures had marked
their claims. For so Ugh-lomi had slain him, lying
stricken under his paw and thrusting haphazard at
his chest. He had driven the spear in with all his
strength and stabbed the giant to the heart. So it
was the reign of the lion, of the second incarnation
of Uya the Master, came to an end.

  From the knoll the bustle of preparation grew,
the hacking of spears and throwing-stones. None
spake the name of Ugh-lomi for fear that it might
bring him. The men were going to keep together,
close together, in the hunting for a day or so. And
their hunting was to be Ugh-lomi, lest instead he
should come a-hunting them.

  But Ugh-lomi was lying very still and silent, out-
side the lion’s lair, and Eudena squatted beside him,
with the ash spear, all smeared with lion’s blood,
gripped in her hand.

CHAPTER V.

The Fight in the Lion’s Thicket

UGH-LOMI lay still, his back against an alder,
and his thigh was a red mass terrible to see.
No civilized man could have lived who had
been so sorely wounded, but Eudena got him thorns
to close his wounds, and squatted beside him day
and night, smiting the flies from him with a fan of
reeds by day, and in the night threatening the hyaenas
with the first axe in her hand; and in a little while
he began to heal. It was high summer, and there was
no rain. Little food they had during the first two
days his wounds were open. In the low place where
they hid were no roots nor little beasts, and the
stream, with its water-snails and fish, was in the
open a hundred yards away. She could not go abroad
by day for fear of the tribe, her brothers and sisters,
nor by night for fear of the beasts, both on his ac-
count and hers. So they shared the lion with the
vultures. But there was a trickle of water near by,
and Eudena brought him plenty in her hands.

  Where Ugh-lomi lay was well hidden from the
tribe by a thicket of alders, and all fenced about with
bulrushes and tall reeds. The dead lion he had
A STORY OF THE STONE AGE

743

killed lay near his old lair on a place of trampled
reeds fifty yards away, in sight through the reed-
stems, and the vultures fought each other for the
choicest pieces and kept the jackals off him. Very
soon a cloud of flies that looked like bees hung over
him, and Ugh-lomi could hear their humming. And
when Ugh-lomi’s flesh was already healing—and it
was not many days before that began—only a few
bones of the lion remained scattered and shining
white.

  For the most part Ugh-lomi sat still during the
day, looking before him at nothing, sometimes he
would mutter of the horses and bears and lions, and
sometimes he would beat the ground with the first
axe and say the names of the tribe—he seemed to
have no fear of bringing the tribe—for hours to-
gether. But chiefly he slept, dreaming little because
of his loss of blood and the slightness of his food.
During the short summer night both kept awake.
All the while darkness lasted things moved about
them, things they never saw by day. For some
nights the hyaenas did not come, and then one moon-
less night near a dozen came and fought for what
was left of the lion. The night was a tumult of
growling, and Ugh-lomi and Eudena could hear the
bones snap in their teeth. But they knew the hyaena
dare not attack any creature alive and awake, and
so they were not greatly afraid.

  Of a daytime Eudena would go along the narrow
path the old lion had made in the reeds until she
was beyond the bend, and then she would creep into
the thicket and watch the tribe. She would lie close
by the alders where they had bound her to offer her
up to the lion, and thence she could see them on
the knoll by the fire, small and clear, as she had
seen them that night. But she told Ugh-lomi little
of what she saw, because she feared to bring them
by their names. For so they believed in those days,
that naming called.

  She saw the men prepare stabbing-spears and
throwing-stones on the morning after Ugh-lomi had
slain the lion, and go out to hunt him, by leaving the
women and children on the knoll. Little they knew
how near he was as they tracked off in single file
towards the hills, with Siss the Tracker leading
them. And she watched the women and children,
after the men had gone, gathering fern-fronds and
twigs for the night fire, and the boys and girls run-
ning and playing together. . But the very old woman
made her feel afraid. Towards noon, when most of
the others were down at the stream by the bend,
she came and stood on the hither side of the knoll,
a gnarled brown figure, and gesticulated so that Eu-
dena could scarce believe she was not seen. Eudena
lay like a hare in its form, with shining eyes fixed on
the bent witch away there, and presently she dimly
understood it was the lion the old woman was wor-
shipping—the lion Ugh-lomi had slain.

AND the next day the hunters came back weary,
l \ carrying a fawn, and Eudena watched the
feast enviously. And then came a strange thing.
She saw—distinctly she heard—the old woman
shrieking and gesticulating and pointing towards
her. She was afraid, and crept like a snake out of
sight again. But presently curiosity overcame her
and she was back at her spying-place, and as she
peered her heart stopped, for there were all the men,

with their weapons in their hands, walking together
towards her from the knoll.

  She dared not move lest her movement should be
seen, but she pressed herself close to the ground. The
sun was low and the golden light was in the faces
of the men. She saw they carried a piece of rich
red meat thrust through by an ashen stake. Pres-
ently they stopped. “Go 011!” screamed the old wo-
man. Cat’s-skin grumbled, and they came on, search-
ing the thicket with sun-dazzled eyes. “Here!” said
Siss. And they took the ashen stake with the meat
upon it and thrust it into the ground. “Uya!” cried
Siss, “behold thy portion. And Ugh-lomi we have
slain. Of a truth we have slain Ugh-lomi. This,
day we slew Ugh-lomi, and to-morrow we will bring '
his body to you.” And the others repeated the
words.

  They looked at each other and behind them, and
partly turned and began going back. At first they
walked half turned to the thicket, then facing the
mound they walked faster looking over their shoul-
ders, then faster; soon they ran, it was a race at
last, until they were near the knoll. Then Siss who
was hindmost was first to slacken his pace.

  The sunset passed and the twilight came, the fires
glowed red against the hazy blue of the distant chest-
nut-trees, and the voices over the mound were
merry. Eudena lay scarcely stirring, looking from
the mound to the meat and then to the mound. She
was hungry, but she was afraid. At last she crept
back to Ugh-lomi.

  He looked round at the little rustle of her approach.
His face was in shadow. “Have you got* me some
food ?” he said.

  She said she could find nothing, but that she would
seek further, and went back along the lion’s path
until she could see the mound again, but she could
not bring herself to take the meat; she had the
brute’s instinct of a snare. She felt very miserable.

  She crept back at last towards Ugh-lomi and heard
him stirring and moaning. She turned back to the
mound again; then she saw something in the dark-
ness near the stake, and peering distinguished a
jackal. In a flash she was brave and angry; she
sprang up, cried out, and ran towards the offering.
She stumbled and fell, and heard the growling of
the jackal going off.

  When she arose only the ashen stake lay on the
ground, the meat was gone. So she went back, to
fast through the night with Ugh-lomi; and Ugh-
lomi was angry with her, because she had no food
for him; but she told him nothing of the things she
had seen.

  Two days passed and they were near starving,
when the tribe slew a horse. Then came the same
ceremony, and a haunch was left on the ashen stake;
but this time Eudena did not hesitate.

  By acting and words she made Ugh-lomi under-
stand, but he ate most of the food before he under-
stood; and then as her meaning passed to him he
grew merry with his food. “I am Uya,” he said;
“I am the Lion. I am the Great Cave Bear, I who
was only Ugh-lomi. I am Wau the Cunning. It is
well that they should feed me, for presently I will
kill them all.”

  Then Eudena’s heart was light, and she laughed
with him; and afterwards she ate what he had left
of the horseflesh with gladness.

  After that it was he had a dream, and the next
744

AMAZING STORIES

day he made Eudena bring him the lion’s teeth and
claws—so much of them as she could find—and hack
him a club of alder. And he put the teeth and claws
very cunningly into the wood so that the points were
outward. Very long it took him, and he blunted
two of the teeth hammering them in, and was very
angry and threw the thing away; but afterwards he
dragged himself to where he had thrown it and fin-
ished it—a club of a new sort set with teeth. That
day there was more meat for them both, an offering
to the lion from the tribe.

  It was one day—more than hand’s fingers of days,
more than anyone had skill to count—after Ugh-
lomi had made the club, that Eudena while he was
asleep was lying in the thicket watching the squat-
ting-place. There had been no meat for three days.
And the old woman came and worshipped after her
manner. Now while she worshipped, Eudena’s little
friend Si and another, the child of the first girl Siss
had loved, came over the knoll and stood regarding
her skinny figure, and presently they began to mock
her. Eudena found this entertaining, but suddenly
the old woman turned on them quickly and saw
them. For a moment she stood and they stood mo-
tionless, and then with a shriek of rage, she rushed
towards them, and all three disappeared over the
crest of the knoll.

PRESENTLY the children reappeared among the
ferns beyond the shoulder of the hill. Little Si
ran first, for she was an active girl, and the other
child ran squealing with the old woman close upon
her. And over the knoll came Siss with a bone in
his hand, and Bo and Cat’s-skin obsequiously behind
him, each holding a piece of food, and they laughed
aloud and shouted to see the old woman so angry.
And with a shriek the child was caught and the old
woman set to work slapping and the child screaming,
and it was very good after-dinner fun for them.
Little Si ran on cf little way and stopped at last be-
tween fear and curiosity.

  And suddenly came the mother of the child, with
hair streaming, panting, and with a stone in her
hand, and the old woman turned about like a wild
cat. She was the equal of any woman, was the chief
of the fire-minders, in spite of her years; but before
she could do anything Siss shouted to her and the
clamour rose loud. Other shock heads came into
sight. It seemed the whole tribe was at home and
feasting. But the old woman dared not go on
wreaking herself on the child Siss befriended.

  Everyone made noises and called names—even
little Si. Abruptly the old woman let go of the
child and made a swift run at Si, for Si had no
friends; and Si, realizing her danger when it was
almost upon her, made off headlong, with a faint
cry of terror, not heeding whither she ran, straight
to the lair of the lion. She swerved aside into the
reeds presently, realizing now whither she went.

  But the old woman was a wonderful old woman,
as active as she was spiteful, and she caught Si by
the streaming hair within thirty yards of Eudena.
All the tribe now was running down the knoll and
shouting and laughing ready to see the fun.

  Then something stirred in Eudena; something
that had never stirred in her before; and. thinking
all ®f little Si and nothing of her fear, she sprang up
from her ambush and ran swiftly forward. The old
woman did not see her. for she was busy heating

 little Si’s face with her hand, beating with all her

 heart, and suddenly something hard and heavy struck
 her cheek. She went reeling, and saw Eudena with
 flaming eyes and cheeks between her and little Si.
 She. shrieked with astonishment and terror, and little
 Si, not understanding, set off towards the gaping
 tribe. They were quite close now, for the sight of
 Eudena had driven their fading fear of the lion out
 of their heads.

   In a moment Eudena had turned from the cower-
 ing old woman and overtaken Si. “Si!” she cried,
 “Si!” She caught the child up in her arms as it
 stopped, pressed the nail-lined face to hers, and
 turned about to run towards her lair, the lair of the
 old lion. The old woman stood waist-high in the
 reeds, and screamed foul things and inarticulate
 rage, but did not dare to intercept her; and at the
 bend of the path Eudena looked back and saw all
 the men of the tribe crying to one another and Siss
 coming at a trot along the lion’s trail.

   She ran straight along the narrow way through
 the reeds to the shady place where Ugh-lomi sat
 with his healing thigh, just awakened by the shout-

 •	ing and rubbing his eyes. She came to him, a wo-
 man, with little Si in her arms. Her heart throbbed
 in her throat. “Ugh-lomi!” she cried, “Ugh-lomi,
 the tribe comes!”

   Ugh-lomi sat staring in stupid astonishment at
 her and Si.

   She pointed with Si in one arm. She sought among
 her feeble store of words to explain. She could hear
 the men calling. Apparently they had stopped out-
 side. She put down Si and caught up the new club
 with the lion’s teeth, and put it into Ugh-lomi’s
 hand, and ran three yards and picked up the first axe.

   “Ah!” said Ugh-lomi, waving the new club, and
 suddenly he perceived the occasion and, rolling over,
 began to struggle to his feet.

   He stood but clumsily. He supported himself by
 one hand against the tree, and just touched the
 ground gingerly with the toe of his wounded leg.
 In the other hand he gripped the new club. He
 looked at his healing thigh; and suddenly the reeds
 began whispering, and ceased and whispered again,
 and coming cautiously along the track, bending down
 and holding his fire-hardened stabbing-stick of ash
 in his hand, appeared Siss. He stopped dead, and
 his eyes met Ugh-lomi’s.

 UGH-LOMI forgot he had a wounded leg. He
 stood firmly on both feet. Something trickled.
 He glanced down and saw a little gout of blood had
 oozed out along the edge of the healing wound. He
 rubbed his hand there to give him the grip of his
 club, and fixed his eyes again on Siss.

   “Wau!” he cried, and sprang forward, and Siss,
 still stooping and watchful, drove his stabbing-stick
 up very quickly in an ugly thrust. It ripped Ugh-
 lomi’s guarding arm and the club came down in a
 counter that Siss was never to understand. He fell,
 as an ox falls to the pole-axe, at Ugh-lomi’s feet.

   To Bo it seemed the strangest thing. He had a
 comforting sense of tall reeds on either side, and an
 impregnable rampart, Siss, between him and any
 danger. Snail-eater was close behind and there was
 no danger there. He was prepared to shove behind
 and send Siss to death or victory. That was his
 place as second man. He saw the butt of the spear
 Siss carried leap away from him. and suddenly a
A STORY OF THE STONE AGE

745

dull whack and the broad back fell away forward,
and he looked Ugh-lomi in the face over his prostrate
leader. It felt to Bo as if his heart had fallen down
a well. He had a throwing-stone in one harid and an
ashen stabbing-stick in the other. He did not live to
the end of his momentary hesitation which to use.

  Snail-eater was a readier man, and besides Bo
did not fall forwar.d as Siss had done, but gave at
his knees and hips, crumpling up with the toothed
club upon his head. The Snail-eater drove his spear
forward swift and straight, and took Ugh-lomi in
the muscle of the shoulder, and then he drove him
hard with the smiting-stone in his other hand, shout-
ing out as he did so. The new club swished inef-
fectually through the reeds. Eudena saw Ugh-lomi
come staggering back from the narrow path into the
open space, tripping over Siss and with a foot of
ashen stake sticking out of him over his arm. And
then the Snail-eater, whose name she had given, had
his final injury from her, as his exultant face came
out of the reeds after his spear. For she swung the
first axe swift and high, and hit him fair and square
on the temple; and down he went on Siss at pros-
trate Ugh-lomi’s feet.

  But before Ugh-lomi could get up, the two red-
haired men were tumbling out of the reeds, spears
and smiting-stones ready, and Snake hard behind
them. One she struck on the neck, but not to fell
him, and he blundered aside and spoilt his brother’s
blow at Ugh-lomi’s head. In a moment Ugh-lomi
dropped his club and had his assailant by the waist,
and had pitched him sideways sprawling. He
snatched at his club again and recovered it. The
man Eudena had hit stabbed at her with his spear as
he stumbled from her blow, and involuntarily she
gave ground to avoid him. He hesitated between
her and Ugh-lomi, half turned, gave a vague cry at
finding Ugh-lomi so near, and in a moment Ugh-
lomi had him by the throat, and the club had its
third victim. As he went down Ugh-lomi shouted
—no words, but an exultant cry.

  The other red-haired man was six feet from her
with his back to her, and a darker red streaking his
head. He was struggling to his feet. She had an
irrational impulse to stop his rising. She flung the
axe at him, missed, saw his face in profile, and he
had swerved beyond little Si, and was running
through the reeds. She had a transitory vision of
Snake standing in the throat of the path, half turned
away from her, and then she saw his back. She
saw the club whirling through the air, and the shock
head of Ugh-lomi, with blood in the hair and blood
upon the shoulder, vanishing below the reeds in pur-
suit. Then she heard Snake scream like a woman.

  She ran past Si to where the handle of the axe
stuck out of a clump of fern, and turning, found
herself panting and alone with three motionless bod-
ies. The air was full of shouts and screams. For
a space she was sick and giddy, and then it came
into her head that Ugh-lomi was being killed along
the reed-path, and with an inarticulate cry she leapt
over the body of Bo and hurried after him. Snake’s
feet lay across the path, and his head was among the
reeds. She followed the path until it bent round
and opened out by the alders, and thence she saw
all that was left of the tribe in the open, scattering
like dead leaves before a gale, and going back over
the knoll. Ugh-lomi was hard upon Cat’s-skin.

  But Cat‘s-skin was fleet of foot and got away, and

so did young Wau-Hau when Ugh-lomi turned upon
him, and Ugh-lomi pursued Wau-Hau far beyond
the knoll before he desisted. He had the rage of
battle on him now, and the wood thrust through his
shoulder stung him like a spur. When she saw he
was in no danger she stopped running and stood
panting, watching the distant active figures run up
and vanish one by one over the knoll. In a little
time she was alone again. Everything had hap-
pened very swiftly. The smoke of Brother Fire
rose straight and steady from the squatting-place,
just as it had done ten minutes ago, when the old
woman had stood yonder worshipping the lion.

  AND after a long time, as it seemed, Ugh-lomi
IX. reappeared over the knoll, and came back to
Eudena, triumphant and breathing heavily. She
stood, her hair about her eyes and hot-faced, with
the blood-stained axe in her hand, at the place where
the tribe had offered her as a sacrifice to the lion.
“Wau!” cried Ugh-lomi at the sight of her, his face
alight with the fellowship of battle, and he waved
his new club, red now and hairy; and at the sight
of his glowing face her tense pose relaxed some-
what, and she stood sobbing and rejoicing.

  Ugh-lomi had a queer unaccountable pang at the
sight of her tears; but he only shouted “Wau!” the
louder and shook the axe east and west. He called
manfully to her to follow him and turned back, strid-
ing, with the club swinging in his hand, towards the
squatting-place, as if he had never left the tribe; and
she ceased her weeping and followed quickly as a
woman should.

  So Ugh-lomi and Eudena came back to the squat-
ting-place from which they had fled many days be-
fore from the face of Uya; and by the squatting-
place lay a deer half eaten, just as there had been
before Ugh-lomi was man or Eudena woman. So
Ugh-lomi sat down to eat, and Eudena beside him
like a man, and the rest of the tribe watched them
from safe hiding-places. And after a time one of
the elder girls came back timorously, carrying little

Si	in her arms, and Eudena called to them by name,
and offered them food. But the elder girl was afraid
and would not come, though Si struggled to come
to Eudena. Afterwards, when Ugh-lomi had eaten,
he sat dozing, and at last he slept, and slowly the
others came out of the hiding-places and drew near.
And when Ugh-lomi woke, save that there were no
men to be seen, it seemed as though he had never
left the tribe.

  Now, there is a thing strange but true: that all
through this fight Ugh-lomi forgot that he was lame,
and was not lame, and after he had rested behold!
he was a lame man; and he remained a lame man to
the end of his days.

  Cat’s-skin and the second red-haired man and
Wau-Hau, who chipped flints cunningly, as his
father had done before him, fled from the face of
Ugh-lomi, and none knew where they hid. But
two days after they came and squatted a good way
off from the knoll among the bracken under the
chestnuts and watched. Ugh-lomi’s rage had gone,
he moved to go against them and did not, and at
sundown they went away. That day, too, they found
the old woman among the ferns, where Ugh-lomi
had blundered upon her when she had pursued Wau-
Hau. She was dead and more ugly than ever, but
(Continued on page 804)
^Astoundin^ Discoveries

DOCTOR MENTIROSO

hy Jl. ‘flyoitf Derr ill

__Author of “Through the Crater’s Rim,” ^The Plague of the Living Death,” etc.

AS ^remembering .tffmight be S^&^Me tmTdUnsln 'limit,	d awa£ S

746
DISCOVERIES OF DOCTOR MENTIROSO

747

DITOR of Amazing Stories,

Dear Sir :

  As a constant reader of Amazing
Stories, I have always been greatly
interested in the various opinions ex-
pressed by your readers regarding the stories which
have been published. I have been particularly struck
by the fact that no two seem to agree as to the best
or worst stories, or as to the improbability or impos-
sibility of the incidents related. Personally, I always
feel that a story laid in the distant future, or on
another planet, never seems to carry conviction,
rather at the very outset taxes the credulity of the
reader. But this is quite apart from the matter
regarding which I am writing to you.

  Among the many themes which have been criti-
cised, and which many of your readers have declared
impossible, are those dealing with the elimination of
time, or which send the hero, if so he may be called,
into the future or into the past. A short time ago

I,	too, agreed that it was utterly impossible and had
no scientific foundation. And, were it not for your
editorials in which you have so often pointed out
that the impossibility of today may become the pos-
sibility of tomorrow, and have shown yourself so
liberal and broadminded in your views, I would not
now dare to address this communication to you with
the expectation that you would give it the least seri-
ous consideration.

  To be brief, and to the point: not only is it pos-
sible to eliminate time and enter either the past or
the future; these things have actually been accom-
plished.

  Do not think, when I make this bold statement,
that I am of unsound mind, that I am perpetrating
some new hoax, or that I am trying to put fiction in
the form of fact. On the contrary, I am merely
calling to your attention the remarkable and gener-
ally unknown feats of a friend of mine, a highly
educated and eminently scientific gentleman, who for
several years past, has held
the position of instructor
in applied physics in the
second oldest university in
America, the Univcrsidad
Santo Tomas, at Lima,

Peru.

  Dr. Fenomeno Menti-
roso is, as anyone in Peru
can testify, a man whose
word and honor cannot be
questioned. His works on
the higher mathematics of
physics and his clear and
concise exposition of the
Einstein Theory, which
was first read as a paper
before the fourth Pan-
American Scientific Con-
gress in Lima in 1924, are
familiar to every scientist
throughout the world. He
would be the last man to attempt to foster a hoax
or to allow his imagination to wander into unproven
fields, but he is withal a very modest individual and
dreads, more than anything else, lest any statement
or declaration he may make should be considered
fictional. And his latest exploit is so sensational,

and to many persons will appear so utterly impos-
sible, that he has absolutely refused to make public
his discoveries or his unparalleled feat. Moreover,
what he has done, is, as you will see, merely a begin-
ning, and should full details of his work be made
public, his further experiments and inventions might
be greatly hampered. Still another reason that he
has remained silent is that he expects that his remark-
able invention, in its perfected form, will ultimately
prove such an irresistible weapon of offense and de-
fence, that his country will be forever free from
any fear of hostilities on the part of its traditional
and warlike neighbor, the Republic of Chile.

  It was solely because of the numerous allegations,
on the part of your readers, that time could never
lie eliminated, and my insistence that his own ac-
complishment would prove the fallacy of such state-
ments, and would at the same time set at rest the
question of a fourth dimension, that Doctor Menti-
roso reluctantly gave me permission to relate the
facts to you.

  But as I am no scientist, save for the interest I
take in your scientifiction tales, and as physics,
higher mathematics and fourth dimensional problems
are quite beyond me, I shall recount, verbatim, as
far as possible, my conversation with Doctor Menti-
roso.

SOME two'months ago, during a visit to Lima, I
had called, as I invariably do when in Peru, upon
Doctor Mentiroso. I bad just received a copy of
Amazing Stories and somewhat jocularly presented
it to the Doctor with the remark that it might give
him some new ideas.

  He glanced rather idly over the magazine, until his
eye caught a page which instantly aroused his inter-
est and indignation. “Idiots!” he exclaimed in his
impulsive Latin way. “Idiots that people are! Did
you read this, Don Alfeo?” Then, without awaiting
my reply, he continued:

  “Will the world never
learn that there is no such
word.as impossible? Will
people never cease to call
‘impossible’ everything
they do not understand?
Of a truth, my good
friend, the stupidity of my
fellow men at times makes
me ashamed of the human
race.”

  “What,” I asked, “do
you refer to now?”

  “To these letters,” he
exclaimed, pointing to the
paragraphs he had read.
“To these letters wherein
the writers, who obviously
know nothing of the sub-
ject, find fault with Senor
Wells’ and other authors’
stories because, they say,
there is no fourth dimension and because it is impos-
sible to be in the future or the past coincidently with
one’s existence in the present.”

  I laughed. “But that obviously is impossible,” I
replied. “And as for a fourth dimension,—why,
amigo rnio, how can there be any dimenston other

   TF this story does not bring forth the greatest amount
 * of applause from our readers that we have had since
 the magazine started, we will be willing to confess that
 we do not know their likings. The editor read this story
 three times in succession, and will probably read it a
 dozen times before he gets through with it. It is one
 of the most remarkable scientifiction stories that we have
 ever inspected. "Tremendous” is the one word that will
 do the story justice. You will be dizzy and gasping for
 breath before you get through it.

   In this story our zvcll-knoivn author delves into the
 mysteries of time and it contains excellent science and
 excellent scientific facts throughout. Is it possible to
 step into the future? Is it possible to witness something
 now that happened yesterday? And is it possible to
 actually see something that will happen tomorrozv?

   The author shows you, by giving you obvious proofs,
 that all this is not only possible, but can apparently be
 done even now.

   The big question mark however, remains: Is all this
 possible, or is it not? But read the story and see for
 yourself.
748

AMAZING STORIES

than length, breadth and thickness? These stories,
Don Fenomeno, are merely fiction, fiction glossed
with science, it is true, but pure imagination none
the less. You do not understand, perhaps, that they
are not intended to be taken seriously.”

  The Doctor shrugged his shoulders and regarded
me pityingly. “Fiction, I grant,” he said, “but fic-
tion only inasmuch as the names of persons and their
particular adventures and feats are concerned. The
basic facts in Senor Wells’ story, and in the others
also, are science. It is hard to explain to one who is
unfamiliar with the involved theories of the great
Einstein, of infinity and of electronic forces; but a
fourth dimension is as essential to the universe and
to science as is any one of the three recognized
dimensions. And if a certain thing is essential to
the universe, then, most truly, my friend, that thing
exists.”

  “But,” I objected, “if there is a fourth dimension,
what is it ? And why has no one discovered it ?”

  “It has been discovered,” declared my friend posi-
tively. “I, Doctor Fenomeno Mentiroso, have dis-
covered it. And I will try to explain to you what
it is, though I doubt if you can grasp it, for so
accustomed have men become to think of the exist-
ence of things which do not exist, that the ordinary
mind cannot grasp the existence of matters which
they think do not exist.”

  I threw up my hands in despair. “It’s beyond
me,” I declared. “If a thing exists which doesn’t
exist, and things which exist do not exist, then we
must all be mad and the whole world must be topsy-
turvy.”

  “On the contrary,” he continued, smiling pity-
ingly at my apparent ignorance. “It would be mad-
ness not to admit such obvious truths. You dream,
my friend, and as you dream all that occurs is to
your brain real and existent, and yet, when you
wake, you feel convinced that your dreams were
unreal, that nothing existed in them and that only
during your waking hours do your senses record
matters which truly exist. But suppose, if you can,
that matters are in reality reversed, that your dreams
are actualities and your impressions during waking
hours phantasies. Or imagine again, that both your
dreams and your waking-hour experiences are both
equally real, but that, during your slumbers, you
enter into another sphere, into the unknown, unex-
plored realm of a fourth dimension. What proof
have you that your dreams are not as existent as
your other impressions? None! my friend, not a
shred of proof; merely the fact that for generations
we have been taught that dreams were imaginary
figments of the brain. It is just as true of count-
less other matters. Does space exist? Do length,
breath and thickness exist?”

  “Of course,” I interrupted. “Otherwise no object,
neither you nor I, could exist, and geometry and
other mathematics could not exist. I—”

««T3 ARDON me,” he broke in, smiling deprecat-

  1 ingly. “But are you quite sure of that? A
mathematical line, a mathematical plane, does not
exist, and hence a mathematical cube or parallelo-
gram cannot exist, and, if we accept Senor Einstein’s
theory, two parallel lines will eventually meet. The
fact is, my friend, that we—or most of us at least—
cannot grasp the infinite. We are bound down, tied

hand and foot to our own petty sphere, to this earth
of ours which is an infinitesimal atom in the uni-
verse, and we measure everything by earthly stand-
ards and by our own five senses. We can conceive
of nothing that we cannot smell, taste, touch, see or
hear. No living man can conceive or describe any
form totally unlike anything on earth. No man can
conceive or describe a color or a sound unlike any-
thing he has ever seen or heard. Did you ever think
of that, amigo mio? And only a comparatively few
men can realize that there is—scientifically speaking
—no such thing as solid matter. A few years ago,
a thousand things in common use today would have
been scoffed at as impossible. Even today it is hard
for the average man to understand radio, to under-
stand why an airplane flies, and it is still harder to
realize that objects which we speak of as solids are
merely the result of combinations of electrons and
protons. And it is a thousand times more difficult
for the average man to conceive of everything being,
as is unquestionably the case, merely the result of
vibratory waves.”

  “Hold on!” I exclaimed. “You are getting be-
yond me, and I cannot see where your highly enter-
taining lecture is leading. What has all this to do
with the elimination of space ? And how can matter
be composed of waves?” Doctor Mentiroso sighed
and shrugged his shoulders expressively.

  “I forget, dear friend, that you are an example
of the average man,” he laughed. “All that I have
said has a direct bearing on the elimination of space
and the fourth dimension. But to answer your last
question. We know that light, heat, sound, elec-
tricity, radio, color, smell are all the result of vibra-
tory waves. And beyond question there are count-
less thousands of vibratory waves too short or too
long to be received or intercepted by the human
organs. Heat vibrations are invisible until they are
reduced to a length perceptible to the eye. Light
vibrations are. not detectable by the sense of touch
or feeling until they are lengthened to the point
where they are known as heat. Only a small per-
centage of sound vibrations are within the range of
the human ear, and electro-magnetic vibrations can-
not be detected by any human organ until so altered
as to become sound waves.”

  I shook my head. “Before you proceed,” I begged,
“can you make this a bit clearer? You say that heat
vibrations can be made visible, that light waves can
be made detectable by touch. How ?”

  “If,” replied Don Fenomeno, speaking slowly and
choosing his words, “if you heat a bar of iron up to
a certain point it will burn wood or your- skin, and
yet you cannot detect its heat by your eyesight. But
if heated slightly more, it becomes red, and you
know it is ‘red hot,’ as you say, because you see it.
In other words, you have gradually decreased the
length of the heat vibrations until they become
visible. If the iron is heated still more, the red
becomes white, or in other words the vibrations have
been shortened until they appear as white light to
your eyes. Conversely, the white or red vibrations
may be lengthened to invisible heat rays by allowing
the metal to cool. In other words, light waves are
lengthened until they become invisible but recogniz-
able by touch and are considered heat.” -

  “Then,” said I, quite pleased with myself, “accord-
ing to your theory, light and heat are identical.”

  “In a way, yes,” replied Don Mentiroso. “But, in
DISCOVERIES OF DOCTOR MENTIROSO

749

the same way, all vibrations are identical, for all are
caused merely by the movement of electrons—forc-
ing more electrons into a given space or depriving
some space of its normal number of electrons. Pos-
sibly your mind cannot conceive the fact, but never-
theless, every force, every power, every motion,
every body, and in fact everything we know—per-
haps our thoughts, our senses and our so-called life—
are merely the results of electronic motion.”

  “Well, even if I grant all this, what has it to do
with the original subject of our discussion?” I
demanded.

  “Everything,” declared my friend. “Granted that
everything is the result of electronic movement, and
you know, of course, that the electrons are in effect
miniature satellites revolving about a central nucleus,
much as the earth and moon revolve about the sun,
then we must admit that nothing actual, as we know
it, exists; that everything is merely relative and that
time itself must be the mere expression, in arbitrary
terms, of some electronic force or vibratory waves.”

  “Nonsense,” I exclaimed. “I suppose you will be
claiming that time does not exist.”

«‘T KNOW it does not,” was his astounding reply.

  A “It is merely a relative term coined for the
convenience of the human race. But permit me to
proceed. I will demonstrate this to you presently.
You asked about the fourth dimension a moment ago.
Now let me ask you a question. Has a circle length,
breadth or thickness?”

  “Why, of—” I hesitated. “Certainly,” I declared
after a moment’s thought. “A wheel or a disk has
thickness, and its diameter is its breadth.”

  Doctor Mentiroso laughed. “Right,” he agreed.
“But neither a wheel nor a disk is a circle; it is
merely an object or form bounded, by a circle. What
is the definition of a circle. A mathematical plane
with its boundary equidistant from its centre every-
where. Did not your geometry attempt to solve all
problems by dividing the circle into triangles ? And
yet a triangle has three straight boundaries, whereas
a circle has no portion of its boundary or circumfer-
ence straight. In other words, amigo mio, as a circle
possesses neither length, breadth nor thickness, it
must of necessity possess a fourth dimension, and
the mathematicians, knowing nothing of a fourth
dimension, must of necessity fit their geometry to
the occasion and attempt crudely to transform it into
triangles which have length and breadth. And yet
circles may be transformed to length or breadth just
as triangles or parallelograms may be transformed
into cubes or pyramids.” “Then,” I laughed, “you
consider the circle the fourth dimension ?” “Not at
all,” he exclaimed a bit impatiently. “I am merely
trying to demonstrate to you that a fourth dimension
must exist or otherwise there could be no circles and
consequently no spheres and consequently, no revo-
lutions or rotations of electrons, atoms, stellar bodies
or anything else. The earth could not rotate on its
axis, it could not follow its orbit about the sun, for
none of these things would be possible with the
existence of length, breadth and thickness alone, with
parallel lines which never meet and with mathemati-
cal planes. No, my friend, the fourth dimension
exists, it is ever present, it is essential to our lives,
to our existence and to our universe, but being as
yet inconceivable to us, we cannot describe it, meas-
ure it or understand it. It is, in fact, beyond our

present senses, just as the higher and lower sound
vibrations, the shorter and longer light waves, and
the radio waves are undetectable by our organs.”
“That is a safe way of putting it,” I said. “Of
course, if we assume that no one can detect it. then
no one can be positive that it does not exist. But
don’t you think all that is negative evidence? And
how does it affect the question of time elimination,
of going into the past or future while still in the
present, which was, Don Fenomeno, the original mat-
ter under discussion?”

  “I presume,” he replied after a moment’s thought,
“that you do not consider it possible to enter the
future, while still in the present.”

  “I certainly do not,” I assured him. “If that were
possible, one might foretell with certainty what
would occur tomorrow or a year hence.”

  “Precisely,” he agreed. “And what if I assure
you that you or I ran foretell what will occur in the
future.”

  “I should think, my friend, that you were abso-
lutely mad,” I replied.

  Don Fenomeno arose, crossed the room to a table,
and returned with a copy of El Ticmpo in his hand.
Glancing over it, he pointed to a paragraph and
handed the newspaper to me.

  “Will you be good enough to read that news
item?” he asked.

  “Nothing remarkable,” I declared, as my eyes
glanced over the indicated paragraph. “Merely the
report of a railway accident in India, and the death
of sixteen persons.”

  “Quite so,” agreed Doctor Fenomeno. “And
when is the despatch dated?”

  “December 18th,” 1 replied.

  “And does it state at what hour the accident oc-
curred?” he asked.

  “Yes,” I replied, reading from the paragraph, “at
seven P. M. today the Jarabad local train which left
Marajpore at 5.30 . . .”

  “Enough,” he interrupted. “The accident, then,
occurred at 7 P. M. of December 18th. Will you
glance at the date at the top of the page and tell me
on what day this copy of El Ticmpo was printed ?”
“Why, on the 18th, of course,” I replied.
“Exactly,” he smiled, “and as you know, El
Tiempo is on the streets of Lima at 6 A. M. Hence
a paper sold on Lima’s streets at 6 A. M. contained
news of a railway accident in India which did not
occur until 7 P. M. of the same day. In other
words, El Ticmpo foretold exactly what would oc-
cur in another part of the world thirteen hours
before the event took place. And yet,” he added,
shrugging his shoulder, “you assure me that it is
impossible to enter the future while in the present.”
“But, but,” I expostulated, “it did not actually
occur thirteen hours later. It’s merely the differ-
ence in time between Peru and India; it was 7 P. M-
there when 6 A. M. here. That’s not—”

“PARDON my interruption,” he exclaimed.

  A “You say that it is merely the difference in
time. Then you admit that time is merely a relative
term. And you were about to state, if I am not
mistaken, that the fact that the accident was reported
thirteen hours before it occurred did not actually
constitute entering the future. Ah, my friend, how
inconsistent you are. Suppose, for the sake of argu-
ment. that you or I possessed means of traveling to
750

AMAZING STORIES

or from India instantaneously, or even at undreamed
of speed—at a speed which, let us say, enabled us
to visit India and return in an hour or two. In that
case, amigo mio, had you been in India when the
unfortunate accident occurred, you could have flown
here and could have declared—with absolute cer-
tainty—that a railway accident would occur and that
sixteen persons would lose theic lives at 7 P. M. even
though you reached Lima at 6 A. M. And, suppos-
ing again, that no wireless communication existed,
and that, in due course of time, mail from India con-
firmed your statement, would not the public have
declared you a prophet who could foretell the
future ?”

  I was actually stumped. But presently I gathered
my wits together. This was, I knew, utter nonsense.
It was all the result of the variation in time due to
the earth’s rotation on its axis, and I felt-that my
friend was merely arguing for the sake of trying to
convince me the impossible was possible by scientific
theory. Doctor Mentiroso listened patiently, and
with a half-pitying, half-indulgent smile, as I ex-
pressed these sentiments.

  “You are, in a way, dealing with the pith of the
whole matter,” he announced when I ceased speak-
ing. “That is, you refer to the variation of time, to
the rotation of the earth, and by so doing you tacitly
admit that time is actually non-existent, that, scien-
tifically speaking, there is no past, no present and no
future; for, if time, as you understand it, exists; if
the past vanishes and the future is never present,
then time would be the same everywhere. Your so-
called time, therefore, is merely a relative term used
to describe the motion of the earth in its relation
with the sun. In other words, human beings have
discovered that our sphere rotates upon its axis and
follows its orbit about the sun, and for convenience,
mankind has seen fit to divide the rotation and the
orbit into periods which we are pleased to call hours,
days, months and years. But time literally is a far
different matter. It is in fact infinite, it goes on into
infinity and springs from infinity. Nothing in na-
ture, amigo mio, is ever wasted or destroyed, al-
though it may alter in form or substance. The light
we see here, the image which such light throws upon
our brains by the medium of our eyes, does not end
here, any more than it began here. It is merely a
vibratory wave which has travelled millions of miles
and will continue to travel millions, trillions of miles
—into infinity in fact—and as it requires an appre-
ciable period for even light to travel, every visible
event of the past must be somewhere in that infinity
just as every event of the future must be recorded
somewhere and is travelling toward us to be revealed
when it reaches us. In the same way, time is but a
vibratory wave, a movement of electrons, and could
one but follow the path of time at a greater speed
than the vibratory wave travels, then most assuredly,
could one witness events which transpired a hundred
or a hundred thousand years ago. Or, going in the
other direction, he could’ see events which would not
transpire on earth for thousands of vears to come.
I—”

  “Hold on,” I cried. “You are merely theorizing,
carrying scientific hypotheses to the ultimate degree.
And besides, even if I admit your preposterous state-
ments to be theoretically sound, you are carrying the
whole matter beyond the range of possibilities of
human beings and into space; they do not apply to

happenings on earth and hence, as I said before, it
is impossible for us to enter either the past or the
future.”,

  I thought I had stumped my friend, but I was
mistaken.

«‘T rLRY well,” he agreed. “It is hard, I admit,

  V for the average man to visualize or comprehend
anything beyond the confines of our own planet.
So, my friend, we will confine ourselves to this petty
earth of ours. And to prove to you that my state-
ments and ‘theories’ are sound, let me call your atten-
tion to a few facts which, with a little reflection, you
must recognize as irrefutable. The earth, you know,
revolves from west to east at an approximate speed
of 1,000 miles per hour, and hence each so-called
hour of time represents approximately one thousand
miles of the earth’s greatest circumference. Bear
in mind, please, that in speaking of these matters,
I am referring always to approximate figures—
though if you wish, I can give you the exact figures.
But to resume. Granted then that it is, according
to the accepted ideas of time, noon, Monday, in
Lima; it will be approximately six P. M. in London
or Barcelona; 12 P. M. in Calcutta and 6 A. M. in
Hawaii. “Yes,” I assented. “Roughly speaking,
that is so.”

  “Very well,” continued Doctor Mentiroso. “Sup-
pose, for the sake of argument, that you are pro-
vided with a machine which can travel through the
air at a speed of 1,000 miles per hour, and suppos-
ing that in this machine you start eastward from
Lima at noon today. It is also assumed that you will
set your watch in accord with Lima time and will not
alter it until you again arrive at Lima. At what
time would you reach Barcelona?”

  I did a bit of mental calculation and replied con-
fidently: “At 6 P. M.” Don Fenomeno laughed
heartily. “Oh, my dear friend,” he exclaimed.
“Wrong at the very start. You forget that at the
Moment you left Lima it was noon and hence 6 P. M.
in Spain. And as you have supposedly consumed
six hours in reaching your destination, it will be 12
P. M. when you arrive there, although your watch
will tell you that it is but 6 P. M. So you have
already traveled six hours into the future. Very
well. Suppose you leave at once for Calcutta; at
what hour will you arrive at that Indian city ?”

  This time I was a bit more careful, and after a
moment’s hesitation replied: “At noon on Tuesday.”

  “Exactly—according to Calcutta’s clocks,” as-
sented my friend. “But suppose you glance at your
watch. You will find that it is only 12 P. M. on
Monday, so that you have now entered twelve hours
into the future. But continue eastward and head for
Hawaii. Reaching that delightful spot, what time
do you find it is?”

  Rapidly figuring with a pencil on a scrap of paper,
I gave my answer: “Approximately 12 P. M.
Monday.”

  “And according to your watch, 6 A. M. Tuesday,”
chuckled the doctor. “In other words, you find
Hawaii’s time precisely the same as was Calcutta’s
six hours before, while you have traveled back from
the future six hours towards the present: and, con-
tinuing your mad flight to Lima, you will discover
that you complete your journey around the earth at
noon on Tuesday—twenty-four hours after leaving;
and remarkable as it may seem, your watch'and the
DISCOVERIES OF DOCTOR MENTIROSO

751

clocks in Lima agree on the hour. By some myste-
rious means, you have come back to the present after
entering the future to the extent of twelve hours.”
“But,” I objected, “you forget that in crossing the
approximate 180th degree of longitude in the Pacific,
a day is added or subtracted according to whether
one is traveling east or west.”

  “Quite true,” agreed the doctor. “But supposing
you had done so, then when you arrived in Lima, it
would have been a day later, whereas it would of
necessity—considering that you circumnavigated the
earth in twenty-four hours-—be the same day. And
to further prove the fallacy of your argument; sup-
pose you start from Lima in a westerly direction,
stopping at the same
points as before. In
that case, amif/o mio,
be good enough to tell
me at what hour and
on what day you would
arrive at Hawaii ?”

“That is easy,” I de-
clared. “ I would ar-
rive at Honolulu at
approximately 6 P. M.
on Monday.”

 “By your own
watch, yes,” chuckled
my friend. “But at
noon on Monday ac-
cording to the time in
the Hawaiian Islands.

In other words, you
might truthfully be
said to have traveled
from Lima to Hono-
1 u 1 u instantaneously.

But if you continue
on your westward
flight, at what hour,
b y Calcutta time,
would you arrvie at
that town?”

  “I suppose there’s a
catch in it,” I replied,

“and I confess I’m
getting so confound-
edly confused that I
might as well guess at
it. I should say at 6
A. M. Tuesday.”

  Doctor Mentiroso
laughed good natured-
ly. “No, my friend,”
he announced. “It
would be at noon on
Tuesday, for during
the twelve hours which
have passed since you
left Lima, twelve
hours have also passed
in Calcutta, although
your own timepiece
would indicate that it
was 12 P. M. on Mon-
day, so you would again be 12 hours in the future.
But continuing on your way you would find, on arriv-
ing at Barcelona, that it was still noon on Monday, al-
though 6 A. M. Tuesday by your watch, so that you

had leaped from twelve hours into the future and
were now back six hours towards the present. Con-
tinuing onwards, you would reach Lima at 12 noon
on Tuesday, your watch would indicate noon on
Tuesday, and you would suddenly discover that you
had been in three places, separated one from the
other by nearly six thousand miles, at precisely the
same hour.”

I THREW up my hands in despair. “I know you
are juggling figures,” I declared. “But I'll be
hanged if I see where it comes in. I suppose you
still have something up your sleeve. Well, fire away.
I’ll be the goat.”

   Don Fenomeno nod-
ded and smiled. “Then
let us assume that
your purely imaginary
aircraft is capable of
traveling at the rate of
24,000 miles per hour
or that, in an hour’s
time, you can circum-
navigate the earth. In
that case, starting
from Lima at noon on
Monday, and rushing
eastward, you would
arrive in Barcelona at

6.30	P. M. on Mon-
day, though your
watch would show it
to be 12.15 P. M.
You would reach Cal-
cutta at 1 A. M. Tues-
day, although still only

12.30	on Monday by
your watch. At Ha-
waii you would find
time had leaped back
to 7.30 A. M. Mon-
day, despite the fact
that your watch
showed 12.45 of the
same day, and at 1 P.
M. on Monday by
your watch you would
be back in Lima where
the clocks would prove
to you that it was 2
P. M. despite the fact
that you had been ab-
sent only one hour.”

   “And what marvel-
lous thing would occur
should I reverse my
flight and travel west-
ward?” I asked.

   “In that case,” he
replied, “you would be
at Honolulu at 12.15
Monday by your
watch, but at 6.15 A.
M. by the local clocks.
At Calcutta you would
find the inhabitants soundly sleeping at 12.30 A. M.
Tuesday, although by your own time it would be
barely half an hour after noon on Monday. At
Barcelona the working people would be going home

A. HYATT VERRILL

   One of our most versatile contributors, without question, is Mr. A. Hyatt
   Verrill. He is not only an author of note, but is an illustrator, naturalist,
   and explorer as well. The following is taken from Who’s Who in America:
   ‘Educated at Hopkins Grammar School, New Haven; Yale School of
   Fine Arts; special course on zoology under his father^ Illustrated
   natural history department of Webster’s International Dictionary, 1896;
   Clarendon Dictionary: many scientific reports and other publications.
   Mr. Verrill is also the inventor of the autochrome process of photog-
   raphy in natural colors, in 1902. Extensive explorations in Bermuda,
   West Indies, Guiana, Central America, and Panama, 1889 to 1920.
   Rediscovered supposedly extinct Solenodon parodoxus in Santo Domingo,
   1907. Now connected with Museum of American Indian. Author of
   48 books, among which the following are the best known: Harper’s Air-
   craft Book, Harper’s Wireless Book, Getting Together with Latin
   America. Home Radio, Radio Detective Series, Deep Sea Hunters in
   South Seas. Contributor of numerous articles and stories to maga-
   zines, etc."
752

AMAZING STORIES

from their labors at 6.45 P. M. on Monday, despite
your watch telling you that it was 12.45, and you
would get back to Lima at 1 P. M. on Monday to
find that your watch agreed with Lima's time. And
now, if you are not being bored, let me give you a
still more striking illustration of the purely imagi-
nary and relative status of what we ordinarily call
time. If, when in your 24,000 mile per hour craft,
you set your watch in accord with the local time at
each point of call it would work out thus when going
east: Leaving Lima at noon on Monday you reach
Barcelona at 6.30 P. M. Monday, and setting your
watch to agree, you proceed to Calcutta where you
arrive at 1 A. M. on Tuesday to find your watch
indicates 6.45 P. M. Monday. Again altering your
watch and heading for Hawaii, you arrive there at

7.30	A. M. Monday, regardless of the fact that your
watch says 1.15 A. M. Tuesday and, having read-
justed the latter, you proceed and reach Lima at
1 P. M. Monday and find your watch is at 7.45
A. M. Monday. Thus you will have been in the
future over six hours at Barcelona, and over eleven
hours in Calcutta, but you will have been into the
past eighteen hours in Hawaii and back in Lima
five and one-half hours before you left this city!’

  “That,” I ejaculated, “is ridiculously impossible.”

  “But nevertheless true,” declared Don Fenomeno.
“Moreover, should you follow out the same system
and travel west you would return to Lima to find
that, according to your watch, you had consumed six
hours on your journey although you knew you had
been away only one hour.” “It’s all bosh,” I de-
clared. “It’s like proving black is white or that a cat
has three tails, by mathematical formulae. Anyhow,
it’s impossible, for it is impossible to travel one
thousand miles per hour, much less twenty-four
thousand.”

  My Peruvian friend raised his dark eyebrows and
shrugged. “Be very sure, my good friend, how you
use the word impossible,” he advised me. “Do not
forget that, twenty years ago, anyone would have
declared it impossible for man to fly in air at over
one hundred miles per hour, and that, scarcely longer
ago, it would have been deemed equally impossible
to construct a motor car which would reach a speed
of fifty miles an hour, not to mention one hundred
miles and more. But before .challenging your state-
ment, let me, for the sake of clarity, give you a brief
summary of the examples I have been drawing for
your edification. Your watch, as you have seen, if
kept at Lima time, would be constantly in the pres-
ent (speaking approximately and regarding for our
purpose the space of one hour as present) and yet
you would have been at spots where yesterday’s
events were occurring and at others where tomorrow’s
happenings were taking place. And, this, my friend,
is important: Provided the speed of the machine in
which you travel could be accelerated so as to travel
faster than light, you could go backward or forward
into the past or present or into the fourth dimension.
Moreover, as the human eye is incapable of register-
ing the alternating effects of darkness and light at a
speed greater than about 20 per second (as exempli-
fied in the cinema), if you were passing rapidly
enough about the earth, you could see no difference
between light and darkness, could not realize time,
and would appear to remain stationary and with time
non-existent; and at the same time, you would be
quite invisible to the eyes of any human beings.

But even if your speed were not greater than the
moderate speed of 24,000 miles per hour, you would
of necessity go farther and farther into the past and
future at every lap about the earth until—”

“M0DERATE sPeed>’' 1 interrupted. “I like

  IVX your idea of speed. Why, at that speed any
machine would become incandescent through friction,
and would be transformed to gas and ashes. Now
don’t try to kid me into—”

  “Don’t think for a moment I am endeavoring to
‘kid’ you as you call it,” said Doctor Mentiroso, in
injured tones. “Nothing is farther from my
thoughts. I started out to convince you that the
elimination of time was not impossible, and that a
fourth dimension exists and has been discovered by
me, Doctor Fenomeno Mentiroso, your most humble
servant and very good friend. I admit that, under
ordinary conditions, a machine traveling at such high
speeds as I mentioned, would become heated to the
incandescent point, but such a result would be due
entirely to the friction of the air. Suppose then that
the machine should travel beyond the atmospheric
envelope of the earth, or that means could be found
for eliminating air friction. In that case, you must
admit there would be no fear of heating.”

  “You can suppose anything,” I replied. “But sup-
positions are not actualities, and no one will ever be
able to travel through space or overcome air friction.
That, at least, you must admit is impossible. “On
the contrary,” declared Don Fenomeno, “I insist that
it is not only possible but that it actually has been
accomplished.”

  I gazed at my friend in incredulous amazement.
Had Doctor Mentiroso taken leave of his senses?
Or was he merely trying to lead me on for the sake _
of argument? Unquestionably, I decided, it must be
the latter, for my friend was obviously as sane as
ever, and was smiling at me in such a supercilious,
or rather I might say, triumphant manner, that I was
quite sure he had something up his sleeve.

  “Perhaps,” I suggested with a laugh, “you mean
it has been accomplished theoretically. And by the
way, did I not understand you to say that you had
discovered the fourth dimension? Let’s hear about
that.”

  “You understood correctly, amigo mio,” replied
Don Fenomeno. “I have discovered the fourth di-
mension, and instead of accomplishing the feat of
overcoming friction on a rapidly moving body on
paper, I have accomplished it in fact. Moreover,
the two discoveries are closely correlated, or, shall
I say, dependent one upon the other. Had I not
discovered the secret of the fourth dimension, I
could not have accomplished the even greater feat.
And, paradoxical as it may seem, had I not accom-
plished the latter, I would not have discovered the
secret of the fourth dimension.”

  “I suppose,” I remarked sarcastically, “that you
will now inform me in all seriousness that you actu-
ally have constructed an apparatus capable of travel-
ing one thousand miles an hour or more.”

  “Decidedly more,” was his calm response. “To be
exact, very nearly ten thousand miles an hour,
and—”

  “You’re absolutely mad, my friend 1” I exclaimed.
“But go on, one must humor the insane. Next, I
presume you will assure me that you have flown in
your dream machine, perhaps have even circum-
DISCOVERIES OF DOCTOR MENTIROSO

753

navigated the world, and have thus proved the pos-
sibility of entering the future.”

  “I shall begin to believe in mental telepathy, if
you continue,” he laughed. “Your presumptions are
extraordinarily correct. I have flown—or rather
traveled, in my ‘dream’ machine as you see fit to call
it, and I have circumnavigated the world at a speed
nearly eleven times the speed of the earth’s rota-
tion, I—”

  “Wait a bit!” I cried, now convinced that my
friend had taken leave of his senses, but anxious to
see how far he had gone, “You spoke of your ap-
paratus traveling ten thousand miles an hour and
now you tell me you have traveled around the earth
eleven times faster than the globe rotates on its axis.
I don’t get that.”

  “I forgot to mention,” he explained, “that the dis-
covery of the principle of the fourth dimension also
included the elimination of gravitational attraction,
as it is commonly called, and as I have already told
you that my discoveries do away with atmospheric
friction you will at once understand that a machine
traveling at an initial velocity of ten thousand miles
an hour, and free from atmospheric friction and
gravitational pull, will, when headed eastward, travel
at that speed plus the speed of the earth’s rotation,
or approximately 11,000 miles per hour. I think—”
“Very good,” I agreed, still determined to humor
him, “but if there is no attraction of gravitation, why
did you not fly off into space ?”

  “The fourth dimension again,” he answered. “It
will, of course, be difficult for you to understand,
but I’ll try to explain it in terms which are familiar
to you. And I see that you think I am crazy. I’m
not surprised, my friend, but, as a matter of fact, I
was never saner. I think, before I am through, that
you will realize this. But to reply to your most
natural query. If, for example, you jump into the
air, you temporarily overcome gravitation through
the use of muscular power which is greater than the
force of gravity on your body, but you can only
jump so far. In other words, your limit is one of
the three recognized dimensions. If you jump longi-
tudinally, the same thing occurs, for your leap is
limited by length; and here let me call your attention
to a very ordinary, but hitherto entirely overlooked
matter, which is of the utmost importance. When
you leap upward, you return to your original posi-
tion or to the earth in an approximately straight
line. But when you leap longitudinally, you travel
from start to finish in a curved line. Although, so
far as I am aware, this phenomenon has never at-
tracted much attention, it is an indication of the
existence of the fourth dimension. But I am di-
gressing. Just as your recognized three dimensions
measure your jump perpendicularly or horizontally,
so the fourth dimension regulates or controls the
distance my apparatus can move against gravitational
pull; perhaps it might be better to say that the gravi-
tational pull controls the fourth dimension.”

  ANOTHER point,” I insisted. “If you over-
A come air friction, how do you propel your
machine ? I may be a layman, but I fail to see how
any apparatus can be propelled without friction. I
have always understood that it was frictional resist-
ence which propelled an airplane.”

  “Usually it is,” he replied. “But in the present
case, no. My apparatus embodies an entirely new

principle. I am very sorry, but I scarcely like to
divulge it at present, and,” he added with a laugh,
"you probably wouldn’t be any the wiser for the
explanation.”

  "I might if I could see it,” I suggested.

  “Possibly,” he repeated with an odd smile. “But
we will leave that until later. As I remarked, it is
difficult for me to convey an adequate idea of my
apparatus, but I will do my best. Relieved of what is
known as the attraction of gravitation, the machine,
of course, rises or is thrown violently upward from
the earth, its upward flight controlled by the use of
the fourth dimension, which, for reasons I will ex-
plain, I have called ‘Esnesnon.’ Being free from air
friction, as I have already said, it remains stationary
while the earth and its envelope of atmosphere whirls
from east to west at 1,000 miles per hour, the result
being the same as if the apparatus were traveling
eastward at 1,000 miles per hour.”

  “But you stated that your machine traveled at a
speed of 10,000 miles per hour,” I objected.

  “So it does,” he declared, as calmly as though
speaking of fifty or one hundred miles an hour:
"And that speed, added to the speed of the earth’s
rotation, equals the 11,000 miles I referred to. But,
my good friend, I have already told you that ; how
many times must I repeat such simple matters?”
“They may appear simple to ycu,” I said, “and you
may be sane as you say, but to me the mere thought
of such speed is too staggering to believe. And I
still fail to see how you propel your machine when,
as you claim, you eliminate air friction or pressure or
whatever you may call it.”

  “I was coming to that very point when you inter-
rupted me,” he replied a bit impatiently. “As I said,
the earth’s atmospheric envelope is sweeping past the
apparatus at a speed of 1,000 miles per hour. In
other words, the apparatus stands isolated in the
centre of a one thousand miles per hour hurricane.
Is that clear?”

  “Perfectly clear,” I assured him.

  'Very well,” he continued. “Now let me ask you
a question. Did you ever hear of the so-called rotor-
ship, a vessel invented and constructed a few years
ago by a German?”

  “Certainly,” I replied. “The vessel, as I recall ^it,
was provided with large cylindrical masts or towers
which were revolved at high speed, the idea being
that wind impinging on a rotating surface produces
a vacuum and forces the rotating surface forward.
But the rotor ship, I believe, proved a complete
failure. Anyhow, what has that to do with your
discoveries ?”

  “Nothing, directly,” he said, “I was merely seek-
ing some familiar thing which I could use as a com-
parison to enable you to grasp the basic principles of
my apparatus. And I might add that the rotor-ship
was not a failure from a mechanical or scientific
point of view, but was merely commercially imprac-
tical, owing to various factors which in no way affect
its principle. But to continue. If, when within the
mass of air moving at 1,000 miles an hour, a portion
of that force of air were permitted to strike upon a
revolving surface, my apparatus would rush forward
exactly as the rotor-vessel was propelled, only im-
measurably faster.”

  “I can understand that,” I admitted. “.But it cer-
tainly would not move forward at 10,000 miles an
754

AMAZING STORIES

hour when the speed of the air was only 1,000 miles
an hour. Moreover, what means could you employ
to prevent the air friction if you used that friction
for your propelling force ? It seems to me, my friend,
that you are contradicting yourself.”

  Again, Don Fenomeno smiled that superior and
condescending smile. “Suppose the entire frictional
force were exhausted in propelling the machine,” he
observed. “And by rotating the rotors, as we may
call them, rapidly enough to absorb all the friction,
and by allowing the friction of the air to act upon
certain properly designed surfaces elsewhere, the ap-
paratus would and actually did travel at the speed
I have mentioned, although I admit I employ the
gravitational pull as an auxiliary force. Just as an
airplane rises and moves forward because of the angle
of incidence upon its planes, so, by utilizing the
gravitational force which would tend to draw my
machine to earth, and then by special apparatus pre-
venting it from descending, I would achieve a similar
result and force the machine forward.”

  “But tell me,” I broke in, now thoroughly inter-
ested and quite oblivious of the seeming impossibil-
ities he was describing. “Tell me what power you
use to accomplish these marvels. And what is this
fourth dimension or ‘Esnesnon’ as you call it?”

  “I'll answer your last question first,” he replied.
“Although, as a matter of fact, I cannot exactly ex-
plain what ‘Esnesnon’ is myself.”

  I laughed. “You say you’ve discovered something
you cannot describe,” I exclaimed. “Come now,
Don Fenomeno, aren’t you trying to see how far
you can spoof me, as the British say?”

OCTOR MENTIROSO flushed. “If it were
‘not for the fact that you are a very old and
dear friend of mine, and inexpressibly stupid, I
should take offense at that remark and should refuse
to say another word,” he declared. “But under the
circumstances, amigo mio, and knowing that you are
really most simpatico, and that it is most difficult to
convince one of anything quite new and revolu-
tionary, I shall with patience control myself and will
do my little best to convince you that I am serious
and at the same time make clear to your uncom-
prehending mind exactly what I have done and how
it has been accomplished. You say I contradict my-
self. My friend, you no doubt admit the existence
of oxygen, of hydrogen, of nitrogen, of electricity,
of radio waves and of numerous other things which
the world accepts and uses in every walk of life.
You admit, unquestionably, that the entire life of
our planet, if not other planets as well, the existence
of the universe in fact, depends upon the gases I
have mentioned. But can you or any other man de-
scribe them ? Can you give a clear definition of what
oxygen, for example, is like? Have you or has
anyone else ever seen it? And yet it has been dis-
covered; it is in daily, hourly use; it is.combined,
isolated, confined, and, in combination with other
materials, it assumes tangible forms. The same is
true of electricity, of radio waves, of countless other
things I might mention. ‘Esnesnon’ is much the
same. It is invisible, intangible, indescribable, and
yet without it the universe could not exist, and like
many other things, it can be isolated, utilized and
combined with other things.”

  “Hmm. There may be something in that,” I ad-
mitted. “You say the ‘Esnesnon’ is not a force but a

dimension. What then is the power or force you em-
ploy to achieve your amazing results ?”

  “The greatest force or power in the entire uni-
verse,” declared Don Fenomeno. “The force which,
for want of a better term, is known as the attraction
of gravitation; the force which holds the planets to
their orbits, the earth to its rotation, the spheres in
place, and prevents you and me and the world about
us from being transformed into attenuated gaseous
matter.”

  I shook my head in despair. “You’re getting be-
yond me again,” I expostulated. “I’ve always un-
derstood that the attraction of gravitation is down-
ward or towards the centre of the earth. In that
case, I can't see how you can utilize the power ex-
cept for coming down.”

  “Of course the pull is downward, or rather to-
wards the centre of the earth—or towards the actual
mass of any object,” he exclaimed. “Every body has
its gravitational force, which is exerted upon other
bodies. But please understand, my friend, that the
so-called attraction of gravitation is an electronic
force and not a magnetic force. As far as your
other question is concerned, may I call your atten-
tion to the fact that the force of water is also down-
ward, you never saw a waterfall flow upward; and
yet, as you know, water power may be utilized for
innumerable purposes and to produce force for driv-
ing mechanisms in every direction. The same is
true of the force of gravitation. Once its mysteries
are mastered, it may be used as freely as water,
steam, electricity or any other force, and being the
supreme force of all forces, and the source of all,
its power properly directed, is millions of times
greater than any other known power.”

  “But how on earth did you happen to discover all
this ?” I demanded, at last convinced that Doctor
Mentiroso had actually accomplished seemingly im-
possible feat^ beyond my wildest dreams.

  “In a way,” he replied, “I cannot claim to have
discovered these things. I have rediscovered them.
They have been known for centuries—perhaps thou-
sands of years. No, do not look so skeptical, amigo.

I	am speaking the unvarnished truth and will ex-
plain. As you know, far more Inca than Spanish
blood flows in my veins, and for long I have devoted
much time to studying the history and remains of
my ancestors. The stupendous works of the pre-
Incas in particular have always been a source of
marvel and wonder to me, as to yourself and to
countless thousands of other men. Feats which they
performed seem almost supernatural, as you know.
The massive walls about Cuzco and Lake Titicaca,
walls composed of stupendous blocks weighing scores
of tons; blocks of twenty to thirty or more faces,
and each so perfectly cut and so accurately fitted
that even today a pen-point cannot be inserted be-
tween the stones; the cyclopean monuments and
buildings; the tunnels cut through many feet of liv-
ing rock; the enormous fortresses; the marvellous
metal work, all these facts performed by the long-
dead race have puzzled every archeologist and no one
has hitherto been able to explain by what unknown
means they were accomplished. But to me, and now
that I am about to divulge it, to you, the secret is
known at last. All these great feats, my friend, were
simple matters to my ancestors, for they, of all- men,
had discovered the fourth dimension and the key to
utilizing the forces of gravitation. Two years ago,
DISCOVERIES OF DOCTOR MENTIROSO

755

in the unknown and unexplored territory east of
Lake Titicaca, I learned of a ruined city from the
Indians. There I went and found, hidden in the
forest, the ruins of a pre-lncan city of vast extent.
In all Peru no other such ruin had ever been found,
no other had remained so well preserved, for the
Spanish conquerors had never reached it, and it had
remained unmolested and free from looting and
vandalism for hundreds, perhaps thousands of years.

TERE I set up my camp and for days studied

  ll	the countless carvings and inscriptions that
covered walls, columns and monuments; here, for
the first time, I found hieroglyphs that seemed to me
possible of interpretation. But I could make little
of them, familiar as I was with the language of the
Incas. At last luck or fortune, or perhaps the
spirits of my ancestors, favored me. An earthquake
rent the ground and threw down a massive piece of
wall to disclose a hidden chamber wherein were
stored priceless records of the race who once had
dwelt there and who, as I soon learned, were the
highest caste of the mysterious pre-lncan people.

  “Here, too, and most wonderful of all, was the
key to the glypths, besides countless strange instru-
ments and utensils; wonderful works in copper,
bronze and gold; plans of the monuments, the for-
tresses and the walls which exist throughout Peru
today, and here, as franctically, fascinated I studied
the glyphs and records, I learned that my ancestors,
fully twenty centuries before the coming of Pizarro,
had mastered the secrets of the fourth dimension and
of gravitational force and had harnessed them and
by their aid had accomplished the seeming miracles
of cyclopean work which we wonder at today. It
would be of little interest and would be a long story
to tell you all the details of my discovery, amigo mio.
But to me, a descendant of that strange highly civil-
ized but forgotten race, was given the fortune to
learn the secrets and laws of nature which, centuries
ago, had been discovered, and centuries later had
been lost through wanton destruction of a nation.
And herein, my friend, my ancestors failed. All they
had learned they had applied to peaceful arts; never
did it occur to them that the tremendous, the ir-
resistible forces they alone knew, could lie used
against their enemies, that no beings could resist
them. But I, I, Don Fenomeno Mentiroso, senor, I
am not so blind. With the powers and forces I have
rediscovered from the records of my ancestors, I
have within my grasp that which will place my coun-
try forever beyond fear of conquest or of war. The
united powers of the world might attempt to subdue
or to humble Peru, but they would be as powerless
as so many buzzing flies. Their navies could be de-
stroyed, their armies wiped out, their artillery ren-
dered useless, their aircraft annihilated as fast as
they could be assembled; this could be done by means
with which they could not cope. It is for - that
reason that I will never divulge my secrets. But do
not think that I fail to realize the importance of my
discovery to the arts of peace. But, greater to me is
the importance of my accomplishments as a safe-
guard to my country. I . . .”

  “Yes, yes,” I interrupted, seeing that my tem-
peramental and patriotic friend was rapidly working
himself into a fervor, and, Latin-like, would continue
his oratorical talk indefinitely. “Yes, Don Fenom-

eno, my good friend, I can clearly see your point.
It is indescribably noble of you and worthy of a
son of the Incas. But let us leave this side of the
matter for the present and confine ourselves to a
further consideration of the scientific and practical
side of your most marvellous discoveries.”

  “Most certainly,” he exclaimed. “Pardon me for
so far digressing from the theme. Let me see, I was
telling you of the power I employ and you asked
how I happened to discover it. Now—-—”

  “You have explained that,” I reminded him. "And
while I do not fully grasp all the technicalities of
your twin discoveries or of your apparatus, I think
I understand the principles, although I admit the
whole affair is so absolutely astounding as to seem
incredible. And I freely admit that were anyone but
yourself to make such statements I should unhesitat-
ingly put him down as worthy rival of Baron
Miinchhausen.”

  My friend rose and bowed. “Thank you, a thou-
sand thanks to you, amigo, for the implied compli-
ment,” he laughed.

  “But there is another question,” I continued. “Did
I understand you to say that you actually had
traveled around the earth on your, or in your secret
apparatus ?”

  “You did, and I have,” he assured me, “not once
but several times, and each time my observations and
records proved conclusively that my deductions and
calculations were sound and correct, and that with
the proper means at my command, I can go into the
future or the past and can eliminate ‘time’ as you
call it. Strictly speaking, of course, time is but a
relative term, a mere arbitrary word, whereas actual
time is a wave governed and controlled by the
‘Esnesnon,’ and is no more like your arbitrary con-
ception of time and bears no more relation to it than
oxygen does to water or nitrogen bears to nitrate
of potassium. In other words, my friend, your so-
called time is governed by the ‘Esnesnon’ while the
true time, and by that I mean the phase of the vibra-
tory time wave, is not in any way affected by your
conception of time. Is that clear?”

  “About as clear as mud,” I grinned. “But if you
have traveled about the earth at 11,000 miles an hour,
how in the world could you see or observe anything
while moving at that rate of speed?”

<</"\H, my poor friend!” he exclaimed pityingly.

  V_y“Can you not grasp the fundamental truth
that all things are relative? To you, a speed is great
or small merely by comparison with your much
slower motions and surroundings. Were you dropped
from a thousand foot precipice, you would see noth-
ing but a blurr as you hurtled earthward, but the
condor or the eagle, dropping for thousands of
feet, and at terrific speed, sees the smallest bird or
animal and strikes it unerringly. And so, in an
apparatus wherein your cloying, arbitrary time is'
non-existent, and surrounded and controlled by the
fourth dimension, a speed which to you would seem
incomprehensibly swift, seems merely a slow and
steady jog to me. Indeed, though perhaps you will
not believe it, my circumnavigation of the earth ap-
pears to me, at the time, to be no shorter than when,
several years ago, I went around the world in one
of the Dollar Line steamships. Not until I return
and step from the fourth dimensional machine into
756

AMAZING STORIES

the humdrum present, do I realize that the journey
has consumed only an hour or two. Now if only
you, too-”

  “Nothing doing,” I announced positively, before
he could complete his sentence. "I’ll leave it to you.
But tell me, when did you make your last trip?”

  Don Fenomeno glanced at his watch. “By your
time, I returned to Lima at 8 p.m. yesterday,” he
replied, as casually as though referring to a motor
ride of a few miles.

  '(And at what hour did you start on this wondrous
trip?” I asked.

  He laughed. “At midnight, last night,” was his
amazing reply.

  “What?” I gasped. “What nonsense is this? You
say-”

  He raised his hand and checked me. “Have you
forgotten so soon all the examples I gave you?” he
asked. “Do you not remember that I pointed out
that, if you should travel eastward at a speed greater
than the rotation of the earth, you would be back
in Lima before you started? For example, I am
planning another trip today and as I travel at a rate
of approximately 11,000 miles per hour, and start
at eleven thirty—precisely one hour from now—
I will of necessity be back this morning at 7.30, the
slight difference in figures between my example and
the actuality being due to the fact that my route does
not precisely follow the equatorial circumference of
the earth.”

  I sank back in my chair and rail my hands through
my hair. “It’s all the dreamiest, weirdest hodge-
podge, the most involved and incomprehensible thing
I ever heard,” I cried. “Why, man alive, if I’m
hearing aright, and you’re serious, then in an hour
you’ll start off and this morning at seven-thirty you’ll
be back, and I’ll be here at nine and you’ll tell
me all this damned nonsense over again, and start
again, and . . . why confound it all, if that’s true,
to-day’ll go on forever or . . . good Heavens, it
makes my head reel to think about it.”

  Doctor Mentiroso laughed heartily. “My dear
good friend, ’ he exclaimed. “Do not be so perturbed
about it. You forget that you are talking and think-
ing of arbitrary time, whereas I am referring to
fourth dimensional, or real time. No, my friend,
though by your time I may set forth at half after
eleven today and return this morning at seven thirty,
yet by actual time I set out and returned at precisely
the same moment of your time. No—be patient a
moment, for there are many puzzling features of the
matter, some of which I confess I have not fully
mastered myself as yet. But it is obvious, amigo
mio, that did I actually arrive at seven thirty this
morning from a trip on which I am to start out
four hours after I arrive, then I certainly could not
be present in the interim. But I propos.e, my friend,
that you witness a most interesting experiment which,
if I am not mistaken, will convince you of the
soundness of my statements. You can be of great
help to me then.”

<<T '11 gladly do anything within reason to help you,”

  1 I assured him, still a bit dazed at the night-
marish problems his words had started in my mind.
“But I’ll do nothing rash, and I will not try any
stunts in that mad machine of yours. For that mat-

ter, I’m beginning to think its all bosh and you have
no such machine.”

  “I’ll soon convince you of that,” he declared. “But
what I am about to ask of you is neither rash nor
risky. I would merely like to have you witness my
departure and return and check up on the phenomena.
If, as you and others claim, your so-called time really
exists, then beyond question, I cannot encircle the
globe—no matter how fast I travel, and yet be back
hours before I set forth or even instantaneously. On
the other hand, if I am right and your time is a ridi-
culous, nonsensical and childish thing, with no basis,
and true time is entirely distinct, then I will of a
certainty be back before I start or at least at the
same moment. Are you willing, amigo mio, to try
the test?”

  “Gladly,” I declared. 1 “Come, show me your

11,000-mile-an-hour machine and hop off for a trip
around the earth, and I’ll wait and time you. You
can't keep up this joke much longer, old man.”

  Once again, Don Fenomeno smiled in his oddly
superior way and rose from his chair. “Very well,
my good friend,” he. remarked. “I think within a
few moments you are due to have a rather astound-
ing surprise.”

  He led the way through a heavily barred and pad-
locked door to a large windovvless room, or rather,
I might say, an open court enclosed by high massive
walls. In the centre, and resting on a sort of pedestal
of black stone, was an elliptical or egg-shaped contri-
vance of a peculiar bluish color, reminding me of
blued steel, and about thirty feet in length by eight
or ten feet in diameter. I regret that I cannot give
a detailed description of the thing, for one of the
conditions on which Doctor Mentiroso insisted be-
fore granting me permission to make public his dis-
coveries, was that I should omit all detailed descrip-
tions of his apparatus or its mechanism. I may state,
however, that the exterior of the machine was cov-
ered with spiral flanges or bands, so that it had
somewhat the appearance of a gigantic screw; that
several pyramidal or mushroom-shaped projections
broke its surface, and that it had no wings or planes
like an airship.

  “This,” announced my friend, “is the machine
which I referred to.”

  “It appears to be a machine all right,” I admitted,
“but it certainly does not appear capable of rising
or of progressing, and even more certainly not at
any such speed as you claim for it.”

  Don Fenomeno laughed. “Appearances,” he re-
minded me, “are often very deceptive. But as you
say in English, ‘the proof of the pudding is in the
eating.’ In a few moments, my friend, you will
change your mind. And let me forewarn you; you
may witness some rather disconcerting events but
you need not be either surprised or alarmed at any-
thing which may transpire. It now lacks but three
minutes of the time for my departure. Will you,
amigo mio, stand here and time me in my flight
around the earth ?”

  “Gladly,” I replied, “provided your flight does not
consume too much time. For I have not eaten lunch
as yet, and if you are not back within an hour or two
—and I haven’t the least expectation that you will be
—I warn you that my appetite will overcome my
curiosity and I shall go out to eat.”

  “You will not have to go hungry long,” he de-
DISCOVERIES OF DOCTOR MENTIROSO

757

clared. “Even if you are right, it will be a short time
before I return.”

  “That is, if you go or return at all,” I said. “But
let us get this clear. You claim you’ll return before
you start or at the same time, which I claim is mani-
festly impossible; I claim that, granting there’s no
fake to all this and that by some incredible means
you can fly around the earth in that contraption at
the speed you state, you’ll be back here in approxi-
mately two hours. Am I right?”

  “Absolutely,” he agreed while he approached the
mechanism and stopped to examine some knobs and
dials on the black rock pedestal. “Would you mind,”
he asked, “standing about here. You'll be better able
to witness some of the phenomena which may take
place.” He indicated a step leading to the pedestal.
It was, as he said, a fine point of vantage, and
anxious to make sure that there was no trickery
about the matter, despite my faith in Don Fenomeno,
I took my place as he suggested. Smiling, my friend
then stepped to his machine, climbed upon it, and
opening a sliding panel, stepped within. “Don’t leave
until I’m back,” he cautioned me, as with only his
head visible he prepared to close the door. “It’s im-
portant for you to remain exactly where you are.
You see,” he added as if in explanation, “I cannot be
a witness of the phenomena and I want you to tell me
about everything that takes place. Now take out
your watch and time me, for I’ll be off in a jiffy.”

AS he spoke, he ducked into his machine and
. drew the panel shut. Wondering what, if any-
thing, would happen next, I glanced at my watch and
found it precisely eleven thirty. As I did so there
was a strange roar from the machine before me; a
sudden wind seemed to sweep with terrific force
across the courtyard; I swayed on my feet; my head
swam dizzily; I had the impression of being hurled
over and over, and then, as suddenly as it had begun,
the noise ceased, the air was calm and still and my
head cleared. I glanced at the pedestal and stared
with unbelieving eyes. The egg-shaped apparatus
had vanished ! It was true then! My friend had ac-
tually taken flight in his strange machine. Un-
doubtedly that explained the rush of air and my sen-
sations, for assuredly a mass of that size could not
have hurtled upward at over ten thousand miles an
hour without creating a terrific vortex in its wake.
Hardly had these thoughts rushed through my brain
when once more the blast of a hurricane roared about
me; I clung for dear life to the stone pedestal; for
a brief second I seemed to lose consciousness, and,
as before, the wind ceased, my brain cleared, and as
I raised myself from my recumbent position I al-
most cried out in amazement. Before me, and resting
within six feet of where I stood, was the bluish,
ovoid thing into which Doctor Mentiroso had van-
ished. It was incredible that he could have gone far
in the few brief seconds which had elapsed. No
doubt, I thought, he had had trouble, or had re-
turned for some other reason, and I momentarily ex-
pected to see him emerge from the thing. So great
had been my excitement and confusion that I had
completely forgotten to look at my watch. A glance
showed me, however, that less than one minute had
elapsed!

  The next second the slide in the machine opened,
Don Fenomeno’s head appeared, and as I stared at

him, he sprang from the machine. As he did so, a
sudden wave of darkness seemed to envelop me; I
had the terrifying sensation of having gone blind;
and with a sharp cry I put my hands to my eyes.
Instantly, it was full sunlight once more, my friend’s
laugh sounded in my ears, and I looked up to find
him standing beside me with a triumphant smile on
his face.

  “Well, what think you now, amigo mio?” he ex-
claimed.

  “I think I’m mad,” I replied. “Do you mean to
tell me-”

  “That I have again circumnavigated the old
earth?” he chuckled. “I certainly do, my friend.
But what time did I return ?”

  “At eleven thirty-one, if you actually did re-
turn,” I replied.

  “And will you kindly glance at my watch?” he
asked.

  “Great Scott!” I ejaculated. “Yours says 7.38!”

  “Assuredly,” was his calm response. “I returned
from my little jaunt approximately six minutes ago,
or at 7.32 a.m. In other words, four hours before
I started, and we are now conversing easily although
I am in the past four hours while you are in the
present, or else I am in the present and you are four
hours in the future.”

  I sank limply upon a settee. “If you keep this up
I’ll be hopelessly mad, if I’m not already,” I gasped.
“It’s all too involved for me and I believe it’s some
devilish hallucination anyhow.”

  “Did you not see me start and return ?” he asked.

  “The Lord knows/' I cried. “One instant your
contraption was gone, the next instant it was back.
I was nearly blown away by a cyclone. I seemed to
be whirled topsy-turvey; I’ve been temporarily blind,
and I know it’s absolutely preposterous for you to
claim that you flew around the earth in one minute.”

  “Less than that,” he corrected me. “You were a
trifle confused, I expect, and forgot to look at your
watch the moment I arrived. I might add that, for
a moment or two, you were partially in the fourth
dimension. You inadvertently stepped away from
the spot where I posted you. It’s a bit lucky you
didn’t go farther or I might have had trouble in
getting you back.”

  I was too stunned and nonplussed to speak. It was
all too thoroughly ridiculous and impossible. Some-
how, I was sure that my friend had gone hurtling
through space, and yet I could not credit it, and I
could not account for my peculiar sensations or why
his watch should have leaped back four hours. Still,
his explanation could not, I felt, be true.

OOK here, Don Fenomeno,” I exclaimed at

  J—J last. “It’s utterly preposterous for you to
claim you have traveled twenty-four thousand miles
in one minute or less, especially when you yourself
claim only eleven thousand miles an hour for your
machine. That would mean over two hours at the
best.”

  “But, my dear sir,” he replied. “You forget that
you are talking arbitrary time. According to that
time absolutely no appreciable period elapsed be-
tween my start and my return, whereas, if you wish
to argue along the lines of true time, I might point
out that I encircled the globe in four hours less than
nothing of your time.”
758

AMAZING STORIES

  “But I don’t admit that you have proved you en-
circled the globe.” I persisted.

  “Then you are still unconvinced,” laughed Don
Fenomeno. “It “s, I think, fortunate that I possess
the patience and determination of my Indian an-
cestors or I should despair of convincing you. But
I have an idea. Certainly, if I actually passed
through the places I have mentioned, then I should
have knowledge of events transpiring there. Let
me see. Ah, I have it. When in Barcelona, the most
notable occurrence was the tragic death of a famous
bullfighter, a matador known as Manuelito, who was
killed by an infuriated bull in the arena. That was,
let me see, at approximately 6 p.m. today. And as I
passed through Calcutta a fire was raging on the
docks and had spread to vessels moored there. That
would have been at about 12.30 tonight.”

  I laughed. “Of course you can say that,” I re-
plied. “But how can you prove that such occurrences
took place?”

  “Easily enough,” he responded. “We will hurry
to the cable office and see what foreign news has ar-
rived. And if my statements are verified, I am sure
that even such a doubting Thomas as you, my friend,
will be convinced. Most assuredly, you must admit
that unless I had actually been at Barcelona and Cal-
cutta I could not have known what was taking place
there.”

  In a few moments we reached the office of the
“All America Cables” to find a boy just attaching the
latest cabled news to the bulletin board, and as I read
the heading of the uppermost sheet, my head fairly
reeled and I stood gaping in astonishment. There,
unmistakably, was the announcement that as the
final bull of the afternoon was about to be killed by
the favorite matador, Manuelito, the man had slipped
on a pool of blood and had instantly been charged
and gored by the infuriated bull.

  Doctor Mentiroso’s self-satisfied chuckle brought
me to my senses.

  “Ah'!” he exclaimed. “So you do believe I was in
Barcelona this evening. If I am not mistaken, my
statement regarding Calcutta will also be verified in
a moment. Here comes the boy with another, sheet.”
This time I was scarcely surprised as I read the
outstanding news on the latest bulletin, for I had al-
most expected it, but as I read the account of the
disastrous dock fire in Calcutta I had the strange
sensation of being in a dream.

  “I admit it, now,” I muttered, as I turned away.
“But I still feel that the thing is impossible and that
it must all be a dream. But man! If you really can
do these things, you will be the most famous and the
richest man on earth. Why, there is no limit to what
you may accomplish. Think what it will mean to
commerce, to civilization, to linking the nations of
the world together!”

  Doctor Mentiroso shook his head and smiled sadly.
“I realize all of this,” he said with a sigh, “but it is
not for me to profit by my discovery. As I said be-
fore, I shall keep the matter a secret, a secret known
only to you and to myself, and to be used solely for
my own scientific investigations. And if my beloved
country should be threatened by a foe, it can be
used as a means of national defense.”

  “But you are robbing mankind of the most
astounding and revolutionary discoveries ever made,”
I protested. “Surely you could manage to keep the

details, the processes of your inventions secret so
that Peru’s enemies could not construct similar ma-
chines.”

  “That would be impossible,” he declared. “Did
you ever know of any national secret being kept from
an enemy? No, amigo mio, only by keeping what I
know locked in my own brain can I hope to hold the
key to the situation. But I cannot resist the fascinat-
ing lure of exploring the mysteries of space and the
fourth dimension, and in that way I hope to discover
facts which may be used for the benefit of my fellow
men.”

    X 7"HAT,” I asked him, “do you propose to do
VV next? You have proved you can conquer
time and space. I shall no more question your state-
ment that you have discovered the fourth dimension,
nor shall I doubt that you have harnessed the forces
of gravitation. But what more can you do? I can
scarcely see what new facts you can discover regard-
ing the elimination of time.”

  “Ah, there you show the layman’s lack of imagina-
tion and ignorance of the possibilities of science,”
he exclaimed. “As yet, my friend, I have but touched
the fringe of the unknown. I am like an explorer
about to enter a new and unknown land. I have en-
tered the outer fringe of the territory but I have yet
to plunge into the mysterious depths before me.”

  “I confess,” I declared, “that I do not get the drift
of what you are saying. It seems to me that, as far
as exploring is concerned, you might go on flying
around the world forever and ever and really find out
nothing that you do not already know. Now if you
should test your machine for . .

  “Around the earth!” he ejaculated. “Surely you
do not imagine, that I intend to confine my observa-
tions to circumnavigating the globe! No, it is the
realm of space I shall explore. If, by merely travel-
ing around the earth, I can conquer time and travel
into the future for an hour or two, just stop and
think what it may reveal if I travel through the
earth’s orbit! Think what discoveries of science I
might make by beating our terrestrial globe around
the sun. Why, friend, I could gain months, years,
where I now gain hours. I could learn the innermost
secrets of time, of the past and of the future. I . . .”
I stopped in my tracks and stared at him. “Sure-
ly,” I cried, “you are not serious in this. Y'ou surely
do not intend to attempt to leave the earth’s atmo-
sphere on any such mad fool’s errand.”

  “Why not?” he replied. “Is it any madder, any
more impossible than you thought my statements of
an hour or two ago? Yes, my friend, I not only in-
tend to attempt such a journey, but I start today,
this very afternoon, and you, alone of all men, are to
witness the first departure of a human being for the
uncharted, unknown realms of space.”

  “And if,” I asked, “you should succeed in hurling
your confounded machine through space without kill-
ing yourself, when do you expect to return to relate
your experiences?”

  Doctor Mentiroso was silent for a space, evidently
thinking deeply. Then taking a note book and pencil
from his pocket he made some rapid calculations.

  “If I am correct in my deductions and my appa-
ratus does not fail me, I should be back here in Lima
in the early part of the year 1899,” was his amazing
statement.
DISCOVERIES OF DOCTOR MENTIROSO

759

  “What!” I almost shouted. “You’ll be back in
1899! And this is 1926!”

  “Of course,” he chuckled. “If I can encircle the
globe and get back to my starting point four hours
before I leave, why shouldn’t I tear off through
space, follow the earth’s orbit around the sun and get
back twenty or thirty years before I start? Or if I
reverse my direction, why shouldn’t I go an equal
time mto the future?”

  “I’ll be hanged if I know,” I admitted. “But for
my part I’d far rather remain in the present.”

  “But you will be present when I leave, won’tyou?”
he begged. “I want some witness so that if I should
return in the future or the
past, there won’t be any
question as to when I
started.”

  “I suppose I’ll have to,”

I told him. “But I.’m not
approving it.”

  By this time we had re-
turned to Don Fenomeno’s
house and he was leading
me to the enclosed court
with its strange time-defy-
ing machine. I was, I think,
in a sort of daze, for other-
wise I cannot account for
my action in countenancing
his mad scheme. But the
astounding things I had
heard and seen had had an almost hypnotic effect,
and scarcely realizing what he was about to under-
take, I saw him approach the apparatus, draw back
the sliding panel and prepare to enter.

  “You need not worry over my physical welfare,”
he remarked. “I’ve been preparing for this trip, and
I am well provisioned, though I do not believe food
is essential in the fourth dimension.”

  “I suppose,” I remarked dryly, “that as you are go-
ing several years into the past, the food which you ate
for the past twenty years or so will serve just as well.”
“Something of that sort, perhaps,” he grinned.
“And now, please record the exact time when I
leave. Good bye, amigo mio, I will not ask you to
await my return, but I’ll notify you at once when
I’m back. I’ll have some very interesting informa-
tiotf to impart, I'm sure.”

    COULD scarcely be expected to wait back a
A score of years,” I reminded him, “and I agree
with you that if you do return, you will most cer-
tainly have an abundant mass of interesting informa-
tion. Personally, though, I feel that both you and
your discoveries are lost to science and the world
from this moment.”

  “I’m sorry you won’t accompany me,” he declared,
ignoring my caustic remarks. “Well, once more,
good friend, 'Adios, or perhaps better, hasta luego,
for this is au revoir and not good-bye.”

  I leaped forward arid grasped his hand and bade
him a warm farewell. Then, suddenly remembering
that I might be within his
damnable fourth dimension
limit, I sprang back and
away from the black stone
pedestal. The next moment
the panel had been closed
and he had disappeared
within the machine. Recol-
lecting my former experi-
ence, I hurried away from
the machine, but before I
had taken ten steps, I was
swept from my feet by the
rush of air I had felt be-
fore. Glancing about as
best I might, I saw that the
machine with Doctor Men-
tiroso had vanished.

  Despite the fact that I was not to await his
return, I felt compelled to remain within the
court, and torn by a thousand conflicting emo-
tions, I maintained my lonely vigil throughout the
night. Indeed, for'weeks I visited the place daily,
each time hoping against hope that the strange
machine would once more gladden my eyes as it
rested upon its pedestal. But Don Fenomeno has
not returned.

  But still, though my common sense tells me he has
gone forever, I cannot rid myself of the conviction
that some day my Peruvian friend \frill sweep down
triumphantly from his journey through space. But
perhaps, he really returned twenty-seven years ago.
To this day, I do not know whether he was serious or
was merely joking, when he spoke of returning in
the year 1899.

THE END

What is the Answer?

 1SJOW that you have read the Astounding
 ' Discoveries of Dr. Mentiroso, you will want
 to take a deep breath and come up for air. No
 doubt, if you are at all human, your head must
 be in a whirl, and you probably mill not know
 what is fact and what is fiction. At any rate,
 what is the answer to Dr. Mentiroso’s experi-
 ences?

 Perhaps you can figure it out yourself, but
 it ivill take you quite a while, before you hit
 upon the right solution. At any rate, you may
 wish to discuss it with your friends for a
 month. It will make excellent discussion. The
 answer will be published in the December issue
 of Amazing Stories.

What Do You Know?

D EADERS of Amazing Stories have frequently commented upon the fact that there is more actual know-
ledge to be gained through reading its pages than from many a textbook. Moreover, most of the stories
are written in a popular vein, making it possible for any one to grasp important facts.

     The questions which we give below are all answered on the pages as listed at the end of the questions.
Please see if you can answer the questions first without looking for the answer, and see how well you check
up on your general knowledge.

1.	What is the difference between invisible heat and
   visible heat? (See page 748).

2.	If one man traveled around the earth going east
   and another going west, and simply kept count of
   the days, making no change at the 180th meridian
   or thereabouts, could they have three Sundays in the
   same week when they met? (See page 749).

3.	If you go to England in a fast ship, your days
   will be one hour too short; if you come back on
   the same ship, your days will be one hour too long.
   Why? (See page 751).

4.	What great work was done by the early inhabi-
   tants of Peru? (See page 754).

 5.	Can you see and touch space? (See page 800).

 6.	How long in time units, such as seconds or min-
 utes, is the present time? Can it be said to have
 an existence? (See page 803).

 7.	What is the characteristic of the stone age?	(See
 page 727).

 8.	What weapons or instruments other than	flints
 characterize the very early life of mankind?	(See
 page 727),

 9.	How were the teeth of animals used by early man ?
 (See page 744).
TREASURES /TANTALUS

Garret Smith ~

She leaped to her feet and facedhim with wide, startled eyes, shrinking back and clutching her bauble to her bosom. The father held
out his right hand commandingly, speaking a volley of harsh words, demanding the thing she held in her hand.

760
What Went Before	701

     LAIR, a newspaper man, while seeking an interview
with Thomas Priestley, who was on the point of losing
Ins inheritance of several millions, because it seemed
impossible to obtain within several hours, the signatures of
three living relatives who were scattered in different corners
of the earth, comes to the laboratory of Professor Rufus
Fleckner, scientist and inventor, who, in the presence of
twelve eminent men of science, is demonstrating his latest
invention, the "Telephonoscope,” which penetrates all matter,
eliminates space and catches the lowest sounds. It is also
possible to project images and sound by means of the “Tele-
phonoscope” rays.

  By projecting young Priestley’s image before his three
respective relatives, Fleckner obtains the signatures of all,
releasing their claims on the fortune.

  Before leaz’ing the laboratory that day, a chance remark
by Blair, made in newspaper fashion, to the effect that
Fleckner had "undoubtedly established a corner on privacy,"'
set Fleckner thinking about such possibilities and later results
in near disaster and panic.

  Unexpectedly, they (Priestley, as one of the stockholders
of the new company formed to manufacture this marvelous
machine, Blair as a newspaper man, sworn to secrecy for a

while, and Ruth Stimson, confidential secretary) unearth a
gigantic working crime trust, which boasted for its member-
ship some of the best known and trusted business men,
bankers, politicians, statesmen, etc. By throwing rays in
different places at the same time they soon learn all the
secret workings of this perfect-working organization engaged
in criminal acts. They also learn that the acting head of
the trust is none other than the president-elect, Mortimer
Chandler, and that his three chief aides are: Judge Tanner,
Assistant District Attorney Winter, and Dorgan, who form
a Council of Three.

  The hiding-place of the vast treasures that are periodically
looted from banks and large corporations, etc., however, is
still a mystery and Prof. Fleckner’s main goal has now be-
come the finding of the treasure trove. One day, while they
are all intently watching the journey of the truck containing
the last "haul" and feel certain that at last they will discover
the hiding place of the treasure trove, for Chandler meets
the truck and is about to proceed with it alone, Miss Stimson
jerks a lever, and projects a cry of warning to Chandler. He
abandons the truck in panic fear. They watch for a long
time but can see no attempt to recover it.

  After an interval of half an hour, Blair returns to the
machine, to find that the van has disappeared.

Treasures of Tantalus

    By Garret Smith
    Part II

CHAPTER XII

The Crime Trust Retaliates

NUDGED Fleckner’s shoulder sharply.
He awoke with a start.

  “Humph! Been asleep!” he ejaculated.
He glanced at the clock
“Four o’clock! Dozed pretty nearly
a half-hour! Three thirty when I looked last. How
long you been out here? Anything happened?”

  He looked at Chandler’s restless image first, then
at the section of mountain road. He, too, rubbed
his eyes and looked again. Then he leaped to his
feet excitedly.

 “Where’s the van?” he demanded. “You and
Priestley been up to something ?”

  He whirled on me accusingly.

  “Priestley is presumably still asleep,” I replied
coldly. “I just came out
of my room. At any rate
we could hardly have en-
gineered the stealing in the
few minutes you’ve been
asleep, even if we could
have done it without wak-
ing you.”

  But he seemed still sus-
picious of us. He tiptoed
over to Priestley’s room
and looked in. I followed.

T confess I wondered a
little, preposterous as the
idea seemed, if Priestley could have had a hand in
it. But Priestley was sleeping the sound sleep of

healthy exhaustion. Fleckner shook him roughly,
and when he was awake told him what had happened.
But he did not repeat the imputation he had hurled
at me in the first excitement of his discovery. Priest-
ley’s astonishment seemed too genuine to be simu-
lated.

  Priestley came out, and under Fleckner’s direc-
tions we each took a ray and made a systematic
search of the hills all about the spot where the
van had stood. The ground was frozen, and there
was no snow, so we had no tracks to guide us.

  At daybreak we gave it up and sat in discouraged
discussion of many possible theories. My suspicions
of the girl I kept to myself without knowing exactly
why. Perhaps it was my consciousness of their
vagueness. Possibly it was natural chivalry. It may
have been the lingering appeal of a pair of violet
eyes. I suspect it was all three. At any rate I
contributed no suggestions of value, and neither of
the other two thought of
Miss Stimson in connec-
tion with the vanished van.

  Fleckner was inclined to
fancy some belated mo-
torist had discovered the
van and salvaged it. In
that case, if the. finder was
honest, he would advertise
his find. It would make a
most sensational news
story, the finding of two
million dollars out on a
lonely road without a
guardian. It would become even more sensational
when it developed that no one had missed this tidy

 JT'NOW every one’s business, know every one’s secrets,
 -iV knozv what goes on behind closed doors, know what
 the confidential files fif business houses and those of the
 government contain, and you will have—panic, chaos, and
 worse. Human beings are not yet so constituted that
 they can allow prying into their private affairs. By
 weans of Professor Fleckner’s “Telephonoscope,” where-
 by it is possible to see through walls, television fashion,
 a unique situation zvas created, such as has never before
 been revealed in literature. If you zvere thrilled by the first
 installment, you will be fascinated by the closing chapters.
762

AMAZING STORIES

little sum, and that there were no lawful claimants
for it.

  Of course if the owner were dishonest he would
hide his treasure-trove, and in the course of time
try to use it. In that case he would doubtless give
himself away eventually.

  Priestley, however, stubbornly clung to the belief
that Chandler had somehow got word to a confed-
erate while Fleckner slept. That man, he believed,
had flown out in a swift plane and taken the van to
a safe hiding-place where it would await another
attempt by the chief.

  “That we’ll be able to determine as soon as Chand-
ler gets back in touch with his men,” the professor
decided.

  At eight o’clock Miss Stimson returned to her
duties as usual. There was no hint in her manner of
any remaining embarrassment over the occurrences
of the night before. Her green shade was in place
again, so I caught no more glimpses of her disturbing
eyes. Fleckner greeted her rather curtly, and Priest-
ley with a politely impersonal inquiry as to her
health.

  But we were immediately afterward engrossed
with Chandler’s movements. He went back to town
on the 8.30 train, and at 9.30 was closeted alone in
his office in his town house. Immediately he went
into the telephone booth and turned one of the
secret rings. Fleckner swung on the direction-
finder, and a moment later switched one telephono-
scope ray on the little private dining-room where the
telephone bell was ringing merrily.

  Chandler, meantime, having started the call to the
Riccadona, came out of the booth and began pacing
the floor.

  A few minutes later a waiter at the cafe, passing
down the corridor, heard the bell in the private
room. He went in and pressed, a button at the
side of the instrument and the ringing ceased. At
the same instant the phone in Chandler’s office gave
one sharp ring, evidently a signal that his call had
been noted.

  The waiter at the cafe hurried downstairs and to
the desk.

  “The other bell is ringing in No. 9,” he said,
and departed on his duties.

  The cashier went into the phone booth back of
him and called up Judge Tanner at his chambers.

  “This is. Tom,” he said. “Your reservation for
No. 9 is O. K.”

  Judge Tanner hung up the phone, put on his hat,
and fifteen minutes later was in No. 9 at the Ricca-
dona.

  “An ingenious system for getting in touch with
his gang at almost any time,” Fleckner commented.
“He didn’t dare use it when he got in last night, I
suppose, for fear a too unseasonable hour would
arouse suspicion.”

  Tanner went through the form of ordering a
breakfast, and then connected with Chandler’s study
by the will phone. Chandler looked his intense
relief when he found himself again in touch with
his chief aid.

  “The goods arrived at No. 20 on time, and the
man in charge left after getting the signal, as
agreed,” Chandler related. “But the man sent to
get them was trapped, and had to clear out and leave
them.

  “Some one jumped out of the bush and another

voice, sounded like a woman’s, he said, called for
him to stop. He barely escaped. I don’t think he
was identified, but I didn’t dare order a move for
fear we’d been betrayed and would be caught. Send
a discreet tracer over the road to see if he can
locate the goods. Don’t have him make a move
to claim them unless it’s perfectly safe. There may
be a trap there. Set another tracer after the traitor.”

  Chandler hung up. The professor looked at
Priestley triumphantly.

  “What did I tell you?” he remarked tauntingly.
“You see Chandler is as much in the dark as we are.
I wonder, now, what could have happened to that
van.”

  He looked speculatively through the open door to
where Miss Stimson sat bent over her notes. I was
afraid for a moment that he might be about to
question her, but Judge Tanner claimed his attention.

  The judge had connected with the underground
clubroom and repeated Chandler’s news to one of
the black-robed brethren who immediately busied
himself with a series of cryptic calls. As a result
a swift airplane left an up-town hangar an hour
later, its passenger an innocent-looking traveling
salesman for the New York Sun Motor Company.
He flew over Putnam County back and forth for
hours at a three-mile level, his plane blurred by a
thin screen of vapor, scouring the earth with a power-
ful field-glass.

  At the same time the New York State Agency for
the Heatless Light Company decided suddenly to
put its field force on for an intensive house to house
campaign in Putnam County. Every canvasser, our
records showed, was a member of the crime trust.

  Also, during the day, word was sent in cipher to
every district representative in the country, and the
dragnet was thoroughly set for the missing van.

  Meanwhile we, as well as the agents for the
trust, were scouring every edition of the papers for
a story of the finding of a mysterious van loaded
with treasure. But the day passed without news,
and the day lengthened into a fruitless week. The
judge took all his meals at the Riccadona, and had
long conferences with Chandler, which brought them
nowhere.

  During all this time the trust company continued
doing business without the slightest suspicion of its
loss.

   At length, on the eighth night after the disappear-
ance of the van, Tanner got a call from a man in
the secret clubroom who was a new one to us.
Apparently, from the conversation that followed, he
was in charge of a section appointed to ferret out
and punish traitors. In the confusion of trying to
watch all the complicated communications sent out
the day after the robbery, we had evidently over-
looked this particular thread in the tangled skein.

  “We think we’ve located a traitor,” this man de-
clared. “We haven’t positive evidence, but it’s pretty
strong. We believe he knows nothing of what be-
came of the van later, but probably he had a griev-
ance and tipped off the State police, who nearly
caught the man sent to meet the van. We believe
the police are keeping the facts from the public,
hoping to trap us.”

  “I’ll call you back in a few minutes,” said the
judge.

  Then he switched to Chandler and reported.

  “What do you recommend ?” Chandler asked.
TREASURES OF TANTALUS

763

  “We’d better take no chances,” the judge advised.
“Suppose we’re mistaken. Better to sacrifice an in-
nocent man than run the slightest risk of having the
lot of us caught.”

  “You’re right,” Chandler agreed. “Use your
judgment.”

  Tanner switched back to the detective.

  “The order is to take extreme measures,” he re-
ported.

  The detective left the phone booth and strolled
about the main room. After a moment he jogged
an elbow of a man he passed, and a few minutes
later met him in one of the little council-rooms.

  “No. 72 is condemned,” the detective said laconi-
cally.

  “I'll attend to him at once,” the other responded
in a most matter-of-fact tone. “Any idea who he
is?”

  “Not the slightest,” replied the other. “That’s for
you to find out.”

  “I’ll shoot a little perfume into his clothes and
identify him outside.”

  “Very good !” agreed the other. We all sat chilled
with horror as the sense of impending tragedy
dawned on us.

  Priestley was the first to speak.

  “This is murder!” he gasped. “We must stop it.”

  “We’ll have no exposures at present,” Fleckner
declared sternly. “We’ve mixed things up enough
already.”

  Priestley remained silent, but I knew he was un-
convinced.

  The executioner roamed about the main room until
he came upon No. 72 standing in a little group
about a billiard-table watching a game. The execu-
tioner had taken from his pocket a small atomizer
filled with a colorless fluid. Holding this in his
hand under his robe he casually walked up behind
his victim, and pretending to become absorbed in
the game, placed the nozzle of the atomizer against
the other’s back and pressed the bulb.

  “Carrying odors is the one thing the telephono-
scope won’t do,” Fleckner remarked.

  The scent must have been a delicate one, for no
one about the billiard-table gave any signs of noting
an offensive odor. The executioner strolled away
after a moment and a little later signaled another
man to one side.

  “I’ve put the scent on a victim,” he whispered.
“Go up and stand at the store end of the exit. Trail
any one who comes out that way with the scent on
his clothes. I’ll take the other exit.”

  The executioner then left the club, appearing pres-
ently in ordinary clothes on the sidewalk in front
of the rear entrance to the little tobacco shop. He
was a dapper-looking, blond young man, having the
appearance of a gilded youth with nothing, on his
mind. Presently his assistant, a pale dark fellow,
rather slouchily dressed, took up his post in the
store.

  It was over an hour before No. 72 emerged. He
went directly to the street, almost brushing against
the dapper little man who had been ordered to kill
him.

  The executioner gave no sign of noticing the
heavy, uninteresting-looking stranger who walked
by him and down into the street, but we noted that
his nostrils dilated and his eyes gleamed with satis-
faction. He crossed the avenue leisurely, and keep-

ing his prey in sight, strolled along in the direction
he was following.

  “Do you mean to say you refuse to prevent a
murder?” Priestley demanded, fiercely turning on
Fleckner.

   The professor winced a little, but held his ground.
“I absolutely refuse,” he said. “There is nothing
we could do that wouldn’t give us away now and
spoil our future plans. It’s too risky. Anyhow,
the fellow deserves death.”	'

   Priestley stood over him with clenched fists, his
face a blaze of fury.

  “I warned you once before,” Fleckner interposed
hastily, “that if you resist me it will be disastrous
to your fortune and your reputation, as well as to
the good you hope to accomplish in the world by
your investment.”

   I fully expected to see Priestley defy him at any
cost. Instead, after a moment, he pulled himself
together and turned on his heel.

  “Very well,” he muttered. “At any rate I won’t
stay and see murder committed. I’m going out for
a while till it’s over.”

  “Good 1” Fleckner exclaimed in relief. “You’ve
stuck too close here. Your nerves are unstrung.
Better run home and get some sleep. I’ll call you
if anything interesting happens.”

   Priestley went out without another word.

  I had a fleeting thought that we ought to keep
Priestley covered by one of our rays, but checked
the idea without voicing it. Such a suggestion to
Fleckner might seem to indicate suspicion of my new
friend. Anyhow, the professor and I had about all
we could attend .to alone. Miss Stimson was in the
other room catching up on some neglected records,
which left only two of us to keep the ramifications
of the trust plot on the screen at once.

  I wished many times afterward that I had obeyed
-my impulse to trail Priestley.

   Meantime the victim of the trust’s suspicion con-
tinued on to his home a few blocks down, went
in, and after a little, to bed. His shadower, after
carefully studying the surroundings from the out-
side, entered the apartment-house where his victim
had just disappeared and said to the hall attendant:
“I came to call on some one who I think just
came in—the thick-set dark gentleman.”

  “You mean Mr. Gersten?”

  “Gersten? Doesn't seem as if that was his name.
I met him only once and I’ve lost his card. I have
a business appointment with him. What apartment
is he in?”

   “Sixtieth floor, apartment 21.”

  “Oh, that’s not he, then. The man J’m after
lives on the thirty-first floor. Isn’t this apartment-
house No. 1.239?”

   “Oh, no, it’s No. 1,241.”

  “Ah! I've mistaken the house.” He went out
hastily with the information he sought. Apparently
the blow was not to fall at once, for he took the
subway, and a little later reached his own home and
went to bed.

   But here again our vigilant rays missed something,
as it turned out later.

  Fleckner, seeing no likelihood of any more ex-
citement that night, left one ray fixed on the sleeping
form of Gersten, alias No. 72, another on the under-
ground club, and a third on Gersten’s would-be exe-
764

AMAZING STORIES

cutioner. Chandler and Tanner of course also held
a place on other sections, but they, too, were asleep.

  Fleckner stretched himself wearily, looked at the
clock, and called Miss Stimson.

  There was no reply.

  “She's gone some time ago,” I remarked. “It’s
long past time.”

  “She should have spoken to me before she went,”
he said irritably.

  At that moment a door slammed outside. There
was a clatter of feet in the ante-room. The labora-
tory door burst open and Miss Stimson hurled her-
self in.

  “They’ve got him! They’ve got him!” she cried.

  We sprang to our feet in astonishment. “Got
whom? What do you mean? Who are they?” de-
manded the professor.

  “Mr. Priestley—he tried to save Mr. Gersten—
the trust caught him and took him away in a cab
—I tried to trail it—lost it!”

  She sank to the floor in a faint.”

CHAPTER XIII
At Grips With the Crime Trust

WE stared in doubt and amazement at the
limp figure of the girl. Then by common
impulse we searched the screen to verify
her startling announcement of the kidnaping of
Priestley. All was quiet around the apartment house
in which Gersten, the condemned trust agent, lived.
There was no sign of disturbance in the apartment
itself. Gersten was still sleeping peacefully without
any appearance of having moved since we last looked
at his reflected image.

  Fleckner began frantically trying out all the tele-
phonoscope connections we had—the young assassin
chief in his home, the underground club, even Chand-
ler. No sign of activity. He even swept the ray up
and down the quiet streets radiating from Gersten’s
home peering in every taxicab, hoping to find the one
in which Priestley had been taken prisoner. But
that was a futile proceeding begotten of panic and
he quickly abandoned it.

  Certain it was that Priestley had not arrived home.
He made doubly certain of that by searching the
house and calling the drowsy butler on the telephone.

  Meantime, I was doing what I could to restore
the girl to her senses. She revived presently, but
it was some time before she could tell a coherent
story. Even then she was strangely reticent and
evasive at some points in her narrative.

  “I heard Mr. Priestley arguing with Professor
Fleckner about trying to keep the trust from mur-
dering this man Gersten,” she said. “When Mr.
Priestley went by my desk something in the way he
looked and walked made me think he wa’s going to
try to interfere with those murderers all by himself.
I knew he would be in great danger. I thought I
might help him or at least warn the police if neces-
sary.

  “I followed without his knowing it. I don’t be-
lieve he knows me anyhow with my hat and coat on
and my eye-shade off. He went to the public phone
booths on the corner and called up Mr. Gersten. I
listened in. I can’t tell you how I managed it. I
learned the secret when I was a telephone manager

before I came here. Do you know that Mr. Gersten,
this No. 72 we’ve been watching, is an old friend of
Mr. Priestley?

  “ ‘Hello, John, this is Tom Priestley,’ he said
when he got his connection.

  “ ‘Why, hello, Tom,’ Gersten answered, ‘where
you been keeping yourself and what do you mean
pulling a man out of bed this time of night ?’

  “ ‘Listen, John,’ he said, ‘your life’s in danger.
I’ve just overheard a gang you’ve got mixed up
with plotting to kill you. They think you’ve been
betraying them. They’re watching your place now.
I can’t tell you any more. You’ll know best how
to handle it. I advise you to call up the district
attorney himself in the morning and get protection.
Stay off the street. You’ll know how to handle it
better than I, anyhow. You know the gang. I’ll
help you if I can. I think I know a way. I can’t
tell you more. I’m surprised to find you’re in with
such a gang, but I can’t see you killed!’ ”

  “But,” Fleckner broke in, “Gersten didn’t talk
with any one on the phone. We’ve been watching
him right along. He’s been asleep.”

  “Then it’s just as I thought,” the girl exclaimed.
“One of the trust tapped his phone circuit with an
instrument as soon as they located him at home,
tie disguised his voice and answered instead of Ger-
sten when Mr. Priestley called. That’s how they
trapped him.

  “Mr. Priestley came out of the telephone station
and started to walk back here. I watched him from
across the street. A man hurried along by him in
the same direction and must have sprayed an an-
esthetic in his face, because Mr. Priestley stopped
suddenly and staggered. The strange man turned
and caught him before he fell. Just then a cab
whirled up. A man stepped out and helped the
other man put Mr. Priestley in the cab. Then they
both got in and drove away. I started to scream, but
saw a policeman coming and knew I mustn’t attract
the police. They’d kill Mr. Priestley right away
if they thought the police were after them. As it
is they’ll keep him alive for a while and try to dis-
cover what he knows. I couldn’t find a cab to follow
in so I came back here. That’s all, but you must
find him quick. You must!”

  She showed signs of becoming hysterical. We
tried to question her, but all she would say was—
“Get your rays to work. Don’t bother with me!
I don’t know any more.”

  There seemed to be nothing to do but follow her
advice. But though we searched for the rest of the
night we accomplished nothing more than to verify
Miss Stimson’s belief that the trust agents had
killed the telephone antenna connecting with the
instrument in Gersten’s apartment by the use of a
high power wave sender which burned out the deli-
cate connections. They had then evidently tuned
their own outlaw instrument into the same wave
length and, as she had surmised, answered his calls.
We tried the expedient of calling up his number,
but apparently the listeners-in now suspected a trap
and refused to answer.

  At half-past eight in the morning our screen
showed Judge Tanner appearing for breakfast in
the private dining-room at the Riccadona. Immedi-
ately he called the underground club and got a report
from the assassin chief.
TREASURES OF TANTALUS

765

  “I identified No. 72 and had him trailed. He’ll
die a natural death within twenty-four hours if you
say the word. But something happened again.
Things are going wrong and it’s getting on my
nerves. I’m even beginning to wonder if 72 is
guilty. Anyhow he isn’t the only one. You know
young Tom Priestley, the Priestley millionaire?
Well, it seems he’s a friend of 72 and tried to call
him up late last night and warn him. We cut in and
caught Priestley and are holding him for orders.

  “The question now is, is Priestley a member of
the organization ? If he is he’s a traitor. If he isn’t
then there’s a leak to the outside and we’ve got to
find it and see how far it’s gone and kill as many
people as is necessary to stop it or our whole game
is up.”

  Judge Tanner turned pale and trembled visibly
as he got this startling information. He thought
for some moments before replying.

  “I’ll call you back,” he managed to say at last.

  He cut off the assassin chief and rang on Chand-
ler. In a halting manner strangely at variance with
the suave judge’s usually assured address, he broke
the news to his unknown chief who was hardly less
affected by it than his subordinate.

  “This connects up with the disappearance of the
van-load of money,” Chandler ruminated. “It’s a
deeper plot than we thought. Tell your men to keep
this Priestley alive till they’ve got all they can out
of him. Find out, if possible, if he belongs to the
organization. Try the supreme sign on him. No
use to try tracing back through the recruiting chain.
Every one is bound to name no names unless of a
proven traitor. They’d suspect trickery and refuse
for the most part. Get at it quick. Meantime let
72 live till this is cleared up.”

  Tanner transmitted these orders back to the as-
sassin, who promptly left the clubroom. We fol-
lowed this fellow closely all day with our ray, but
learned nothing of Priestley’s whereabouts. He
talked with numerous people and telephoned fre-
quently, but apparently when treachery was afoot
all members of the trust used excessive precautions.
All communications were strictly in a code and quite
different from the. one he had previously unraveled.

  By evening we were in the depths of despair and
alarm. Professor Fleckner and I managed to pre-
serve a moderately calm exterior, but Miss Stim-
son was frankly hysterical over the situation. We
sat in the laboratory by the telephonoscope screen
all that night, dozing at intervals from sheer weari-
ness but for the most part trying many new but
futile angles of ray-search and debating various
schemes of learning Priestley’s whereabouts and
effecting a rescue.

  I was all for trying a scheme of scaring some
one of the members higher up in the trust into re-
vealing Priestley’s hiding-place, by using our ray
projector and presenting one of our images, carefully
disguised, to the right man.

  “But,” Fleckner objected, “whom would you ap-
proach? Chandler? Tanner? Any of the others
whom we have identified positively as concerned in
Priestley’s disappearance? I doubt if any one of
them, even the chief assassin, knows where he is.
That detail has been left to agents whom we haven’t
placed yet. If any one, excepting Chandler him-
self, was frightened into trying to find Priestley,

they’d simply kill him and Priestley’s jailer. Then
maybe your suggestion might work. Failing that,
I’ll try the lever on Chandler. I’m not hopeful of
the result. Conditions aren’t ripe yet for a direct
approach to that gentleman, but we can’t afford to
risk leaving Priestley with them until he breaks
down and gives us all away.”

  I had a feeling as he spoke that the old man was
more concerned for his own safety and the success
of his schemes than he was for Priestley himself.
Nevertheless his argument appealed to me as sound.

  It was nearly eight in the morning when I awoke
with a start, after a longer doze than usual. Miss
Stimson had arisen and crossed over to where Pro-
fessor Fleckner sat moodily studying the screen. Her
hysteria had passed. There was in its place an air
of calm determination.

  “Professor Fleckner,” she announced coolly, “I’ll
release Mr. Priestley.”

  “You!” he shouted in amazement.

  “How?” I demanded.

  “I can’t tell you how, not at present anyhow.
Just let me go for a while. Meantime keep Mr.
Chandler covered closely. You remember he is to
be out at conferences all day to-day.”

  She went out before we recovered sufficiently from
our amazement to make any comment.

  “What do you make of it?” Fleckner demanded.
“Is the girl crazy? She’s certainly acted strangely
ever since that night when she warned Chandler
away from that van-load of money.”

  “I don’t know,” I admitted. “I do think she ad-
mires our friend Priestley greatly and his danger
may have unbalanced her a little. I think it would
be wise to keep one of the rays on her while she is
out. If she goes wild altogether we can warn a
policeman to take her in charge and pay no attention
to what she says.”

  “Good idea,” he agreed.

  He got Miss Stimson on the screen before she
reached the street. We watched her progress from
then on with such absorbing interest that it became
almost impossible to keep our other rays adjusted
properly on all the persons we were trying to watch
at once.

  The girl went first to her home in an apartment
a few blocks away and when she came out again
she was veiled and dressed so differently that it was
hard to recognize in her, the demure little office
mouse of the green eyeshade. She went by subway
up to the street corner nearest to Chandler’s home.
There she ascended to the upper street level and
a position in a public telephone station opposite the
Chandler home where she could watch it through
an open window.

  In a little while the President-elect came out, got
into his car and was driven away. We had half
expected the girl to waylay and plead with him or
make some wild threat. Fleckner was on the point
of projecting my image before a police officer on
the next corner and having the girl apprehended
before she took any such disastrous step. But
to our relief Chandler was driven off without any
move on her part.

  Instead we were amazed to see her calmly cross
the street and push the announcer button at the
Chandler front door.

  “I wish to see Mrs. Simmons, the housekeeper,”
766

AMAZING STORIES

she announced with quiet dignity when the butler
appeared. “I am a friend of hers.”

  A few minutes later a gray haired woman of
about sixty appeared and regarded her caller with
considerable perplexity.

  They were in a small reception room off the main
hall. The girl stepped past the housekeeper and to
that good woman’s obvious amazement, softly closed
the door.

  Then she turned back to the housekeeper and
before the latter could protest, she raised a warning
hand.

  “Don’t give me away, Mrs. Simmons. Some one
might overhear.”

  With that she raised her veil.

  The woman choked back an exclamation. Her
face showed mingled affection and alarm.

  “You? Here?” she whispered.

  “I had to look inside once more. I watch for
him sometimes. I saw him drive away just now.
I couldn’t resist one more peep. Can’t you take me
up to his study where he lives so much? If any of
the family see me, say it’s a young friend of yours
you’re taking up to your rooms and wanted to sjiow
around a little.”

  The girl’s voice trembled and there were tears in
her eyes. If she was acting, it was an exceedingly
clever bit of work.

  Fleckner chuckled dryly.

  “Another dark chapter in the good Chandler’s life.
I certainly am surprised at Miss Stimson, however.”

  The housekeeper hesitated.

  “It’s a risk,” she said, “but you know I’d do any-
thing for you, Ruth.”

  The good woman was weeping quietly.

  “That’s the same dear old Mrs. Simmons!” the
girl exclaimed, patting her on the shoulder.

  Mrs. Simmons opened the door and peered out.
There was no one in the hall. She motioned the
girl to follow and they went cautiously out and up
a rear elevator that led directly into Chandler’s study
on the top floor.

  The girl sank in a chair and gazed raptly about
her for some minutes. Finally she roused herself
with an effort and glanced at her watch.

  “Oh, I promised to phone a friend at ten!” she
exclaimed. “May I use this one?”

  She indicated the booth containing the phone with
the secret attachments through which we had so
often watched Chandler issue orders to his followers.

  “Why certainly, dearie,” the housekeeper agreed.

  Miss Stimson entered the booth, closed the
sound-proof door and then, to our sudden illumina-
tion, twisted the ring that threw on the secret con-
nection with the little dining-room at the Riccadona
where Judge Tanner was just finishing his break-
fast.

  A moment later she was giving orders to the de-
luded agent of the crime trust in the Same husky
half-whisper in which the real head of that dis-
reputable band was wont to issue his fnandates.

CHAPTER XIV
Miss Stimson Uses Direct Methods

THE sheer audacity of the girl took our breath
away. What her former connection with the
_ Chandler household had been I could not
imagine, for the sinister suggestion made by Fleckner

somehow did not ring true. My instincts rebelled
against it. Then there was the evident respect of
that manifestly conventional Mrs. Simmons.

  But another possibility flashed into my mind. Had
this girl all along been an agent of the crime trust
spying upon us? Would that account for the episode
of the treasure van? If so why had she not be-
trayed us long before? On the other hand she was
now evidently working against the organization. Had
her devotion to Priestley, which I had been quietly
noting, converted her to our side? I wondered if
Professor Fleckner had thought of these startling
possibilities and what action he might take.

  But be all that as it might, her quick feminine
mind had grasped a simple and direct plan of action
and she had the courage to carry it out promptly.
We gasped in admiration at her boldness and in-
genuity as we listened to the orders she was giving
to Judge Tanner over the secret telephone.

  “I’ve just got some important information about
our latest prisoner, young Priestley,” she whispered,
and from Judge Tanner’s expression it was evident
that he was entirely deceived by the disguised voice.
“He is refusing to give information about the rest
of his crowd because he expects to be rescued soon.
They had advance information somehow as to
where he was to be hidden and they have a number
of our men spotted. We’ve got to make a quick
shift and get him in the hands of an entirely new
group that they’re not yet wise to. My plan is to
let him escape and pull the old crowd off his trail
altogether. Then while he’s free he’ll go straight to
his men. My new bunch of trailers will follow and
we’ll grab the whole gang. What do you think of
that scheme?”

  “An excellent one!” Tanner agreed, enthusiastic-
ally.

  “That girl has a great head!” Fleckner exclaimed.
“I never half appreciated her before. But I don’t
quite understand it. I don’t think I can ever trust
her again. She’s too clever and women are flighty,
variable creatures at best. And there’s been some
sort of tie between her and Chandler. That’s evi-
dent.”

  Fleckner was too absorbed in present happenings
to follow out his reasoning but for me a sudden
light was shed on her hysterical performance which
had frightened Chandler away from the treasure van
that night just as he was about to lead us to the main
treasure. The girl, I was convinced, had acted with
a purpose on that occasion. She had not wanted
Chandler to guide us to the Treasures of Tantalus.
Was it sentiment for Chandler that prompted her
or had she an interest in the treasure itself? That
was what bothered me. At any rate, she seemed now
to be acting in our behalf..

  But was she? That was another question that
popped into my head a second later. Priestley, re-
leased from the trust, would be in her power. Was
he safe there? Or was the girl a deserter from the
trust and was now a member of a rival gang which,
through her aid, had stolen the treasure van and was
now cleverly using Professor Fleckner’s great inven-
tion for its own ends ?

  That last fleeting suspicion seemed at that moment
so fantastic that I instantly dismissed it and gave
my undivided attention to the screen again.

  “This is my plan,” the girl was saying. “Follow
closely and act quioklv. There’s no time to lose.
TREASURES OF TANTALUS

767

Get your present attendants on Priestley out of the
way as far and fast and secretly as you can. Look
out for trailers. Have a new man bring him in a
cab down to the Esplanade in Van Cortlandt Park,
arriving there exactly at noon. My new men will be
on hand to ‘trail him to his gang. Right at the center
of the Esplanade in front of the Wright statue
have him slow down and tell Priestley that he had
been ordered to take him away and kill him, but that
he couldn’t commit murder, so he was going to rebel
and let him escape. Then have him untie Priestley
and turn him loose. Have the man drive away as
quickly as possible. My other men will do the rest.”

  Tanner agreed without comment as was his custom
on getting commands from Chandler. His careful
repetition of the orders to his agent in the under-
ground club made it evident that he suspected noth-
ing wrong.

  But again from there on we lost the trail in the
confusion of multiple messages all in code. This
time, however, it was not important that we should
trace the orders further.

  For promptly at noon, we enjoyed the immense
relief of seeing Miss Stiinson’s directions carried out
to the letter.

  Van Cortlandt Park Esplanade, even in those days,
was thronged with noon-hour strollers from the fac-
tories along its southern margin, and a steady stream
of motors filled its roadways. Miss Stimson could
not have chosen a better place in which to carry out
her scheme than this spot where any slightly unusual
occurrence would pass unnoticed in the throng.
For a half hour before the appointed time we swept
the locality with our ray, studying every loiterer to
see if we recognized a known trust agent, but we
failed to see any familiar face or suspicious character.

  It was exactly twelve o’clock when a cab, which
had been circling slowly around the Esplanade, drew
up and stopped for a moment in front of the Wright
statue.

  The door opened and Priestley stepped out, a pale
and haggard Priestley, but with bearing undaunted.
He stood for a moment in front of the statue and
looked about him suspiciously. The cab drove
rapidly away.

  Just then he noticed Miss Stimson strolling to-
ward the statue. She was dressed differently than
in the morning, but was still veiled. Catching sight
of Priestley, she stepped up to him briskly.

  “Good morning,” she greeted him cheerily. “You
are a little late. ’ Then she added quickly in an un-
dertone, “It’s Miss Stimson. Don’t look surprised.
You're safe now but we can’t be too careful.”

  Priestley rose to the occasion and checked his
momentary confusion with a laugh.

  “I didn't see you coming and you startled me,” he
said.^ “I'm sorry I’m late. What can I do to atone?”

  “You can buy me a nice luncheon at Briarcliff
Inn. My car is right over here. I'm going to show
you how fast a real lady can drive.”

  This delxmair, easy-speaking young woman was
still another Miss Stimson to us. I realized more
than ever that the girl was a consummate actress.

  She led the way across to the parking station and
they entered a swift-looking little coupe. The girl
backed the car skilfully out of the line and it glided
swiftly away northward.

  Then, just as we swung the ray forward to follow
the speeding coupe a cab flashed on the other side

of the screen breaking all speed limits in defiance
of the traffic officer at the southern entrance of the
Esplanade.

  “Better throw on another ray and investigate that
cab,” Professor Fleckner directed anxiously as he ad-
justed the ray he was controlling, so that we might
keep a close-up of Miss Stimson’s coupe on the
screen.

  I swung in a second ray and as I picked up the in-
terior of the cab, my instinctive fear was realized.
It was the cab which had brought Priestley to the
Wright statue just now, still driven by the man
who had released him. This man’s face was a pic-
ture of desperate fear. Beside him sat another man,
registering both anger and alarm in his pugnacious
countenance. They were both straining their eyes
toward Miss Stimson’s fleeing car into which they
had evidently seen Priestley enter.

  The situation was as evident as though it had been
told in words.. Miss Stimson’s haste had been justi-
fied. Somewhere along the line the crime trust’s
momentarily deluded gang had discovered the trick
played 011 them. The second man in the pursuing
cab had evidently been sent in haste to undo the
error and arrived near the scene in time to meet the
man who had just released Priestley.

  And for the moment it seemed that Miss Stim-
son’s clever artifice had been wasted. All uncon-
scious of pursuit, she was driving northward as fast
as speed regulations permitted, but far too slowly
to keep ahead of the pursuing cab for more than a
few minutes.

  The crime trust’s agent, in his desperation, hurled
speed regulations to the winds. Pedestrians fled in
every direction. Vehicles shot toward the curbing
to the right and left.

  “Warn the girl! I’ll get a traffic officer after the
cab 1” I shouted to Fleckner above the tumult of the
crowd and the snorting of motor-horns that filled our
little room from our sounding screen as though we
were actually on the edge of the throng.

  Fleckner projected his voice into the coupe,
warned the girl with a word, and in terror she threw
her car into full speed and shot out of the Esplanade
into a park road, with the swiftness of an airplane.
At that she was barely holding her own against the
swiftly pursuing cab.

  In less than a minute, some quarter of a mile
away, I located a motor-cycle traffic-officer, trundling
his machine leisurely along, the speeders hidden
from his sight by a clump of shrubbery.

  To avoid creating public consternation by a seem-
ing miracle I projected my image among the bushes
and seemed to step out .of them into the path of the
officer.

  “There’s a speeder playing havoc with the crowd
over there!" I shouted excitedly, pointing across the
Esplanade.

  Without a question he jumped on his cycle and
was gone like a flash. Hopefully I drew my image
back into the bushes and cut off the projector. If
the officer should overhaul and arrest the driver of
the cab, it would give our friends a chance after all.

  Breathlessly Fleckner and I followed the triple
race on our screen; the coupe slowly losing its lead
over the recklessly driven cab, but—thank Heaven!
—the motor-cycle gaining on it much more rapidly.

  They left Van Cortlandt Park behind and flew un
708

AMAZING STORIES

the Yonkers Boulevard. A few minutes later they
were swinging perilously around the sharp curves
of the Westchester Park drives.

  Meantime Miss Stimson, behind the screen of her
car top, had been ordering a lightning change act
that seemed rather futile under the circumstances.
Under her directions Priestley had hauled a feminine
outfit—cape, skirt, hat, veil and gloves—from under
the seat and put them on over his own clothing.
Without too close inspection he looked like a large-
framed middle-aged woman.

  Miss Stimson turned the wheel over to him while
she changed her own hat, veil and jacket for an
assortment of entirely different style. She looked
fifteen years older and a dowdy contrast to the trim,
stylish figure of a few minutes before.

  She evidently hoped to get out of sight of her
pursuers long enough to turn about and, in these
disguises, give them the slip. Fleckner heartened
her by telling her that the motor officer might give
her that chance, though a dubious one at best.

  Within five minutes that hope seemed about to be
realized. The motor-cycle drew along side the cab
and its rider signaled the driver to stop. Then our
hopes were dashed again.

  The second man in the cab turned back his coat
lapel and, to our consternation, displayed the badge
of a Central Office detective. He shouted something
to the motor-cycle officer and the latter, instead of
insisting on stopping the cab, let his cycle’s speed out
another notch and shot by in pursuit of the coupe.

  By invoking the aid of the law we had merely
made the capture of our friends doubly sure. The
trust had played the same game. It was only a
matter of minutes now when the motor-cycle would
overtake them and Miss Stimson’s pitiful little sub-
terfuge would avail them nothing. The pursuers
had long since noted the number and style of the car.

  But just as I was in despair, the genius of Fleck-
ner again came to the rescue.

  “Let me handle your lever a minute, Blair,” he
exclaimed suddenly. “Get one of those spare lengths
of power cable out of the storeroom.”

  “Now,” he directed, when I had brought the small
roll containing about a rod of half-inch wire cable,
“bend one end so it will hook over that window-
catch, then carry the other end across the room
stretching it in front of the screen. I’ll turn on the
magnifier and then project this cable so it appears
in image like a two-inch hawser stretched across the
road in front of that motor-cycle and cab. That’ll
stop ’em for a minute, I’ll guarantee.”

  The scheme worked. The motor-cycle and the
cab flew around the bend ancj their drivers saw across
the road a few rods ahead, what appeared to be a
heavy cable stretched taut at a height that meant a
sure wrecking for both vehicl.es. Brakes screeched
and they came to a dead stop within two yards of the
apparent obstruction.

  All three men swore roundly and stared stupidly
at the cable. The speeding coupe in the meantime
lengthened its lead by a quarter of a mile.

  “They’ve stopped,” Fleckner told Miss Stimson,
again projecting his voice into the coupe. “Better
slip off on a by-path and trust to throwing them off
the scent. They’ll be on again in a moment.”

  “I’ll do better than that,” replied the girl calmly.

  She brought the car to a grinding halt, reversed

and turned squarely around. She threw over the
lever beside the seat and the coupe top folded down
out of sight leaving the car looking like an ordinary
open roadster. Thereupon she pulled out false num-
ber plates from under the seat, hooked them over
the old ones and was back in the car in barely a
minute.

  At the same instant the motor-cycle officer, who
by good chance had not yet attempted to . touch the
unsubstantial cable image, started to shove his ma-
chine under the obstruction to go on with the pursuit.

  “Snatch it loose and pretend to run,” Fleckner
directed me.

  I jerked the end of the cable off the window-catch
and went through a pantomime of running. Profes-
sor Fleckner threw my projected image across the
park green apparently dragging the cable after me.

  “I’ll get him! You two go on,” shouted the pseudo
detective leaping from the cab.

  He raced after my image pouring a stream of
automatic pistol bullets at it till Fleckner ran it into
a thicket and dissolved the thing. How long my sup-
posed pursuer beat about that bush in search of a
mirage I don’t know, for I had more important
matters on hand.

  The fellow was barely out of the cab, when it
leaped into full speed with the motor-cycle already
gaining on it in an effort to make up for lost time.

  And around the next bend they barely avoided
collision with an open roadster containing apparently
a pair of middle-aged ladies to whom they accorded
hardly a glance as they swept by.

CHAPTER XV

A Chamber of Horrors

AN hour later, to our immense relief, we wel-
comed Miss Stimson and Priestley, still in
l their outlandish disguises, back into the safe
shelter of the laboratory. Immediately after meet-
ing their deluded pursuers, they had turned off the
road over which they had been fleeing and worked
south over a circuitous route until they reached the
Getty Square garage where Miss Stimson had rented
the car, a new interchangeable model that had ad-
mirably suited her purposes. The false number-
plates she had made herself with card-board and a
little paint.

  In returning the car, disguised as she was, she
avoided the garage-man’s suspicion by saying that
she was bringing it back for her sister who had
rented it.

  In the meantime, as our following ray showed,
the motor-cycle officer and the man in the cab ran on
for over a mile before they became convinced that
they had lost the scent. Then they turned back
looking for clues, but of course, in vain. Finally
they came to the point where they had dropped the
supposed Central Office man. There the motor-
cycle officer left them and so did we, for we saw no
profit in following them further.

  Priestley was too worn and exhausted with his
experience to talk at first. Fleckner’s man brought
him some food which he ate in silence. Then he
retired to the room he had been using and slept for
twelve hours straight.

  Meantime Fleckner, Miss Stimson and I took
TREASURES OF TANTALUS

769

turns at watching the screens and resting, but what-
ever action the chief men of the crime trust had
taken on Priestley’s escape had been put through
while we were distracted by the chase. We never
did learn how Chandler found out so soon the trick
that had been played on him. By the time we got
him and Tanner and the others back on the screen,
whatever excitement it had caused had subsided or
been suppressed.

  Nevertheless, we soon learned that appropriate
action had been started.

  When Priestley finally awoke, about six the next
morning, I had also just finished my last nap of the
night. He followed me out into the laboratory
where Fleckner sat in front of the screen, which at
this hour in the morning showed nothing but a series
of pictures of still life—a choice assortment of
sleeping villains.

  “Where is Miss Stimson? I want to thank her
properly for rescuing me. I was too groggy last
night,” were almost his first words.

  “I sent Miss Stimson home about an hour ago,”
said Fleckner. “She insisted on watching with us
on and off all night and she was pretty well worn out
to begin with. Too excited to sleep, I guess. I
made her go home where she could get away from
the atmosphere for a while.”

  “She’s a remarkable young woman,” Priestley de-
clared. “Do you know, I’ve 'paid so little attention
to her that at this moment I hardly know what her
face looks like. She wears that confounded eye
shade all the time around here and has a veil on
whenever she goes out.”

  “She’s a good deal of a mystery,” Fleckner ad-
mitted. “I don’t suppose she explained to you what
connection she had with the Chandler household in
the past?”

  “No, she told me only the barest details of how
she fooled Judge Tanner. She said she knew Chand-
ler’s housekeeper when she was a little girl and that
helped her in getting in. What do you mean?”
Fleckner related in detail what took place in
Chandler’s house when Miss Stimson entered it the
morning before.

  “Strange, isn’t it?” was Priestley’s only comment,
but I saw he was deeply disturbed and that he re-
sented Fleckner’s innuendoes.

  “But come!” the professor demanded impatiently.
“What about you? You have the story we’re most
anxious to hear. What happened when they grabbed
you ?”

  Priestley shuddered. It was some minutes before
he answered. When he did it was slowly, falteringly
as a sufferer speaks between spasms of pain.

  “It’s an experience hard to talk about!” he said at
last. “What I have to tell won’t help us much. It’s
merely an exposition of what the crime trust will do
to a man when it gets him in its clutches.”

  He paused for a moment and then with visible
effort continued:

  “During all the time I was in their hands I saw
no one, and talked to no one directly, except the man
who let me go. I saw him for a moment or two
only just before he left me and he was evidently so
disguised that I wouldn’t recognize him again.
They’re exceedingly clever in their disguises. I’m
convinced that when they have to work together in
the open, as when they robbed the trust company,
they are disguised even from each other. I haven’t

  the slightest idea where they kept me or how I got
there and came away.

  “To begin with, I believe Miss Stimson has al-
ready told you that No. 72, the man named Gersten,
whom the trust condemned as a traitor is, or rather
was, an old friend of mine. We were chums in
college and for a time I was aigaged to his sister,
but we broke the engagement by mutual agreement
and later she married Paul Tilford, another close
friend of mine. Gersten became an electrical en-
gineer and has apparently been quite successful.
His wife is an intimate friend of my sister. So you
see how close is the tie between us and how great
a shock it was when I found, not only that he was
a criminal but that he was about to be murdered.

  “It may be all right to view a prospective murder
impersonally, especially when you feel that the world
will be better off with the victim out of the way, but
instincts revolted against allowing it to go on and as
you remember, I protested. When I realized how
helpless I was in the matter and how much greater
things were at stake, I gave in.

  “But when I found the victim was to be John
Gersten, I had to do something. To think that he is
one of the criminal defectives! And the others we
had discovered in the last few months! It is ap-
palling! It makes one wonder whom he can trust;
the whole world seems crime mad under its smug
cover of conventional respectability. It makes one
distrust his very self.

  “At any rate I rushed out from here and did the
utterly reckless thing of trying to call up and warn
Gersten, you know.

  “I came out of the phone booth and started down
the street. I vaguely recall meeting a man, who
passed me so closely that our elbows almost grazed.
I was too preoccupied to notice him at all. And
that instant I had a sudden dizzy feeling and then
everything went black. That’s all I know about my
kidnaping. Of course, the man who passed me must
have sprayed an anesthetic in my face.

  “When I came to I was in total darkness and ab-
solute silence. I might have been in an old-fashioned
grave for all I could tell. In fact the close air added
to that impression. I was lying on my back, on what
seemed to be a slab of stone or concrete. I tried to
move but found that my hands and feet were
shackled.

  “About my head was fastened some sort of con-
traption that seemed to consist mainly of pads over
my ears and mouth, which I thought was to keep
me from hearing sounds or calling for help, but I
was quickly undeceived.

  “Following the instinct to call for help, I tried to
cry out and, to my surprise, succeeded amazingly.
I emitted a thunderous sound, which seemed to be
concentrated in my own ears. It nearly burst my
ear drums.

  “At that I heard a low chuckle. I stiffened and
wrenched at my shackles, but was unable to break-
free.

  “ ‘So you are awake, are you, Priestrey?’ some one
said in a low casual tone, that came apparently from
right beside me. I strained my eyes to see him but
couldn't make out the slightest outline in the dense
blackness.

“ ‘No use yelling your head off or straining your-
self trying to break away,’ the voice warned; ‘that
outfit on your head is a telephone receiver and trans-
770

AMAZING STORIES

mitter so that you can hear what we have to say and
tell us what we want to know. That’s your only
connection with the outside world, excepting a tube
through which we’ll feed you a little air if you want
to use it to talk with and talk right.’

  “ ‘Where am I ?’ I demanded.

  “Again came the taunting chuckle, but somewhat
louder.

  “ ‘I can’t give you the street and number, very
well. It isn’t allowed, but, if it’ll be any consolation
to you, I can tell you that you’re in a strong alumi-
noid coffin buried under ten feet of earth in an un-
used subcellar. I’m the only one in the world who
knows where you are, and I own the building, so
you can see what a lively chance of rescue you have.’

  “For once in my life I nearly fainted away with
horror. I believed instinctively that he was telling
the truth, though I never got further proof of it
than his bare statement and my own impression of
my surroundings.

  “ ‘Now, whenever you are ready to tell us who
are the rest of your friends who think they know
some of our secrets, I will listen and if what you tell
me is true, your situation will be made easier for
you,’ went on the voice.

  “Just what I said in reply doesn’t matter. I gave
him to understand he had better kill me at once and
save his time as I wasn’t the kind of yellow dog who
would find life tolerable after he had betrayed his
friends. That wasn’t, as a matter of fact, as heroic
as it sounds, for I knew how badly they wanted to
know the names of their enemies. They could gain
nothing by killing me, for as long as they kept me
a prisoner I could do them no harm. On the other
hand if they did kill me, they’d lose their only present
chance of learning the names of those who were
endangering their whole organization. If I gave
them the information, they’d have no further use
for me and would doubtless promptly kill me. I
knew they would try to keep me alive in the hope of
finally breaking down my resistance. Every moment
gained was giving you people so much more chance
of rescuing me. I didn’t realize the chances against
the rescue or the torture I would go through mean-
time or I think I would have wished to die right
then.”

  Priestley paused and shuddered again at the recol-
lection of it.

  “Did either of you ever happen to use that instru-
ment of misery the old-fashioned wired telephone,
whose connections were made by hand at switch-
boards—one of those complicated contrivances, gen-
erally out of order and at best working in most hap-
hazard fashion, from which our fathers suffered a
century ago? You may remember them as a boy,
Professor Fleckner. Blair may have seen one in a
museum. Well, when I was a youngster, about fif-
teen, I ran across a short line of that sort while
traveling with my father in a back-woods section of
northern Alaska. I remember well the mixture of
buzz, clack and rattle that nearly split my ear-drums
while the so-called ‘Central’ was trying, quite often
in vain, to ‘get a number,’ with an especially violent
attack preceding her frequent announcement that ‘the
line is busy.’

  “Well, the telephone instrument that was attached
to my head had the same set of tricks. Whether
it was really an old-fashioned early-twentieth-century

  affair, I don’t know. You have read of the ancient
practise of torturing prisoners by a steady drip, drip
?f water on the shaven skull, or of the amiable art
of tickling a victim to death, or driving him insane
by continuous light taps on the soles of his feet. I
am sure I would have welcomed those methods—any
or all of them—in preference to that infernal crack-
ling in my ears that kept up hour after hour, broken
only at intervals when my torturer paused to ask me
if I was ready to talk.

  “Finally I seemed to lose all sense of hearing as
such. Each click of the instrument was marked by
a sharp pain that seemed to shoot through my skull
and down every nerve in my body to my very toes.
I tottered on the verge of delirium, but fought
against it with all my remaining will.

  “At last I must have lapsed into momentary un-
consciousness. I came to again with a name on my
lips. I knew, that in my half-consciousness, I had
spoken aloud the name of some acquaintance, but
whose I did not know, nor do I know now. And I
am half crazy with the fear that I may in that instant
have betrayed one of you.”

  He stopped again and rubbed his head slowly like
a man still in a daze, his face a picture of utter
misery. Fleckner and I looked at each other, and
each read in the other’s face an uneasy echo of
Priestley’s fear.

CHAPTER XVI

The Crime Trust Invokes the Law

THE rest of Priestley’s story made little im-
pression on me. I was too absorbed in specu-
lation as to what he might have said in that
moment of half-delirium. Had we been betrayed,
and could we expect at any moment some insidious
attack by the gang ?

  I gathered, half hearing, that when Priestley came
to with the unrecognized name on his lips, the click-
ing of the telephone instrument had ceased. It must
have been at about that moment that word came to
the watcher above his prison-grave to release him,
for he became conscious of a sweetish, suffocating
vapor, evidently an anesthetic sent down through
the tube mentioned by his tormentor. He lost con-
sciousness completely this time, and did not recover
it again until he had been carried in the cab almost
to the point where he was let go.

  His story completed, he sat back exhausted and
listened apathetically to Fleckner and myself discus-
sing our next steps. The possibility that one or more
of our names, in addition to Priestley’s, was in the
possession of the crime trust was the most serious
thing to consider.

  We were keeping the crime trust principals on the
screen as usual, but recent events had made them
more than ever cautious, and we gleaned nothing of
value as to their information and plans. Our chief
dread was that Priestley had let slip the name of
Professor Fleckner. In that case we could expect
an attack on the laboratory at any moment. What
insidious form it would take we could not imagine,
and hence could not prepare very intelligently to
meet it.

  One thing was certain. If Fleckner had been be-
trayed and the secret of the telephonoscope dis-
covered by the trust, our game was up.
TREASURES OF TANTALUS

771

    “At the least,” I said, “we must all stay hidden
 here at the laboratory. Priestley certainly can’t show
 his face in public until we’ve got this bunch nipped.
 I advise keeping even your servants shut in on some
 pretext or other.”

   “Right!” Fleckner agreed; “and we must use ex-
 treme caution in answering both the door and tele-
 phones. I’ll have Miss Stimson stand guard over
 those matters.”

    “But Miss Stimson is out!” Priestley cried in sud-
 den alarm. “We must get her back at once. They
 may have her name and be after her now.”

   He sprang for the telephone, unmindful of his
 physical weakness.

   Fleckner made a move as if to stop him, but im-
 mediately seemed to think better of it.

    “Don’t say who’s calling,” he warned Priestley in-
 stead. “I instructed her when I hired her to keep
 her employment absolutely secret.”

   Miss Stimson lived alone at an apartment hotel.
 In a moment Priestley had the desk clerk there on
 the phone and asked for her.

    After listening to the clerk’s report he hung up
 and turned back to us, his face even paler than be-
 fore.

    “They say she isn’t there, and hasn’t been in her
 room for several days.”

   “Then they’ve got her!” I exclaimed.

    Priestley sank into a chair and dropped his face
 in his hands, too overcome to speak.

    Professor Fleckner was lost in thought, but said
 nothing, and his masklike countenance betrayed 110
 emotion.

   “The poor girl!” I exclaimed. “They’ll torture
 her horribly! There must be some way of rescuing
 her!”

 •	“I’ll give myself up in exchange,” Priestley de-
 clared. “Let me at the instrument.”

    He went to the switchboard of the telephonoscope
 and threw over the control lever. Professor Fleck-
 ner watched him with a sardonic smile.

   But to our bewilderment nothing happened in re-
 sponse to Priestley’s manipulation of the levers. The
 screen remained blank

    Fleckner chuckled.

   “It won’t work, will it?” he taunted. “You see,
 I have noted that you boys didn’t quite approve of
 my methods and might get rebellious. So while you
 slept, I changed the combination of the instrument so
 that no one but me can work it hereafter.

   “Furthermore, I had this apartment built over
 some years ago when I began making secret inven-
 tions. I didn’t propose to have my ideas stolen.
 The doors and windows have secret electric locks,
 steel bare that thrust across them out of the interior
 of the adjacent walls, so that it’s as impossible to get
 out as in. I’ve just pressed a secret button that puts
 those locks in operation. I’ve also pressed another
 button 'ihat put our phone out of commission and
 another summoning James and his able assistant.
 Here they are.”

    Into the laboratory came James, the gigantic ex-
 athlete whom Fleckner employed as butler and valet.
 With him was another man equally competent-look-
 mg, from a physical standpoint.

   ‘ James,” said his employer, “some gentlemen on
 the outside are trying to get at our secrets or kidnap
 us or both. I’ve told you a little about it already.

I’ve thrown all the outside locks and cut off the
phone. You may break the news to the cook. He
will get his regular food supplies up the delivery tube
as usual and send back a written order for each day,
so we won’t starve. These two young gentlemen are
friends of mine, but don’t quite agree with me just
now. Keep them under guard, especially while they
are in the laboratory. They’ll have access to this
and their two bedrooms only. You take the day
watch and John the night watch.”

  Then he turned to us.

  “I think I understand some things a little better
than you boys,” he said. “I think I can guarantee
that Miss Stimson will suffer no serious harm be-
fore I rescue her. I also think I can control the
crime trust pretty well from now on, .and I don’t
propose to have any misguided interference.”

  Priestley threw up his hands and gave in without
further words, and I followed his example.

  At that moment the newspaper delivery tube
clicked and dropped the morning papers on the table
back of us. We each picked up one and sat down
to read, not expecting much of interest in the news
that found its way into print. It served rather as
a welcome distraction from the tension.

  But on this particular morning, we found that, in-
stead of furnishing distraction, the news bore vitally
on our troubles. At last the crime trust's activities
had broken into public print.

  Not that the startling tales on the front pages
would reveal to the uninitiated the handiwork of that
evil coterie. Even I read for some distance into the
first item that caught my eye before I suspected it.
The heavy three-column head ran:

 TWELVE RICH MEN VANISH;
        VICTIMS OF KIDNAPING PLOT.

  In the last twenty-four hours, it seemed, reports
had come to police headquarters, one after the other,
of the mysterious disappearance of a dozen of the
best known business _ men or bankers in the city.
Ten of them had responded to mysterious telephone
calls at their offices, hurrying out without any ex-
planations, and saying they would be back within an
hour or so. None of them had been seen or heard
of since.

  The remaining two, so office associates testified,
had received calls of a mysterious nature to which
they had refused to respond. One of them was
driving home from the theater that night when his
car was stopped by a pair of masked men in a quiet
spot. He had been dragged out of his car and car-
ried off before his frightened family, who were with
him, realized what was happening.

  The other had been called to his door just before
retiring, by a thick-set, bearded, man, as the butler
described him, who refused to come in. When the
master failed to return after some time, the butler
went to the door to find him gone. He had not been
heard of since.

  I read the list of the victims over twice before its
significance dawned on me. I had copied the list of
names on my memorandum pad in this very room
less than a year ago. It was a complete catalogue
of the men Fleckner had invited to witness the first
exhibition of the telephonoscope on that memorable
New Year’s Eve.
772

AMAZING STORIES

   “Why,” I. exclaimed, ‘'this is the crime trust’s
work! They’ve caught every man, excepting our-
selves, who knows anything at all of the existence of
the telephonoscope.”

   “Huh?” grunted Fleckner. “Oh, you are reading
the other story. I was reading the one on the right-
hand side of the page.”

   The old man had turned deadly pale. I saw him
visibly frightened for the first time.

   Then, before I could turn to the account that had
caused this remark, I heard a groan from Priestley.
He, too, was staring at head-1 ines opposite the ones
that had just bowled me over. I noted them now
for the first time, and my own feelings were hardly
less acute than that of my companions.

   This is what caught my eye:

THOMAS PRIESTLEY, MULTIMILLIONAIRE,
FLEES JUSTICE AFTER INDICTMENT

Accused of obtaining huge fortune by fraud,
he escapes officers after thrilling auto
race through city parks

   The crime trust, defeated in its purpose to hold
Priestley an illegal prisoner, had laid a clever plot
and invoked the aid of the law against him.

CHAPTER XVII

 I

Fleckner Usurps the Crime Throne

PRIESTLEY controlled himself with difficulty
while we read the two stories through. Ac-
cording to the second article, a cousin of Priest-
ley’s—evidently the one whose life we had saved
from the Bolshevik outlaws on that Pacific island last
New Year’s Eve—had just returned to civilization
after long isolation in the South Seas. He had
learned for the first time that Thomas Priestley held
the family fortune by virtue of the signatures of the
other descendants. Thereupon he had gone to the
district attorney’s office and declared he had never
signed the release.

   It was significant that he fell into the hands of
Assistant District Attorney Winter, accredited mem-
ber of the crime trust’s inner councils. Winter in-
vestigated the alleged signature of the returned
cousin on the release document, and his expert had
pronounced it a forgery. Moreover, it was shown
that on the date the signature was signed, December
31, 1999, the cousin was in the South Seas and the
paper had been filed long before it could possibly
have reached New York from there. The reader
will remember that this cousin, like the other two,
signed the projected shadow of the release and that
the signature was actually recorded by a photo-
graphic process on real paper in New York.

   The grand jury being in session, an indictment
had been jammed through immediately and an order
for arrest obtained. Priestley, not being found in
his usual haunts and not having been seen there for
several days, a general alarm had been sent out for
him. A detective had seen him that noon getting into
a car with a heavily veiled young woman whose
identity was unknown. He had summoned help and
given chase.

   Then a strange thing had happened, proof of a
carefully worked out conspiracy. The story went on

to tell how the detectives had been foiled by a heavy
cable stretched across the road.

  It was a plausible tale and sensational in the ex-
treme. It not only ruined Priestley’s reputation, both
by direct statements and countless cleverly put and
evidently inspired innuendoes, but from a legal stand-
point seemed to present a pretty clear case against
him, that could be contested only by exposing the
secret of the telephonoscope, which in the present
circumstances would do more harm than good.

  Further than that, the only persons who could
testify as to the genuineness of the signature of
Priestley’s cousin, barring Fleckner, Priestley, and
myself, had been kidnaped, so that nothing of that
sort would interfere with the trust’s plans. I pointed
this out to Fleckner.

  “And in addition to that,”-I went on, “if they
knew enough about us to capture all the men who are
in the secret, they certainly know your connection
with it and will be after us at once. I only wonder
they haven’t been here already.”

  “Quite so,” Fleckner agreed. “Their delay is prob-
ably caused by the necessity for keeping such moves
secret. Well, we’ll prove an alibi as far as this place
is concerned.”

  “James,” he directed, “tell the cook to order
enough food staples sent up this morning to last
about a month, together with the canned and con-
centrated supplies we have on hand. Then you bring
a couple of trunks and a bag out here, and you and
John and the cook put on your own things and get
your valises. Then call up and have a big motor
hack down at the door in half an hour. Tell them
we want to catch the ten thirty at the Pennsylvania
Station.”

  Priestley looked up in amazed alarm.

  “You’re not going to attempt to leave,” he ex-
claimed, “and keep me locked up here alone?”
“Keep your seat, Thomas,” Fleckner reassured
him. “I’m going to do nothing of the sort. The
management of the building and the crime trust
sleuths are simply going to think they see us depart-
ing. Oh, by the way, James—also call up the super-
intendent and tell him we’re going away for a month
or so, taking a trip down through the Andes or any
other remote place that sounds good to you.”

  A half-hour later Fleckner turned on the tele-
phonoscope and got the front entrance of the build-
ing on the screen. The motor hack he had ordered
stood waiting. Fleckner’s two men brought one of
the trunks in front of the screen and went through
the motions of walking while the professor turned
on the projector and sent their images out into the
hall down the elevator and out to the hac^. He held
the image of the trunk in the hack, while, with an-
other ray, he brought the images of the men back up
to the laboratory to go through the motions with the
other trunk.

  Then all four of us carrying bags were projected
in image down aboard the hack. Fleckner told the
chauffeur to draw down the curtains and drive to
the Pennsylvania Station. The professor kept our
images and those of the trunks and bags aboard the
hack all the way to the station.

  “This is on my account at the livery,” he said to
the driver on the hack’s arrival at the station. He
could not, of course, satisfy the man with shadow
money. “By the way, while I’m having the baggage
TREASURES OF TANTALUS

778

taken in, would you mind telephoning for me? I’ve
just time to catch the train. Call up the superin-
tendent of my building and tell him that my attorney,
Mr. Forsyth, will attend to my rent while I’m gone.
I forgot to tell him. Add a dollar for yourself to
my bill.”

  This, of course, was mere by-play to get the driver
away long enough to dissolve our images without
causing him undue astonishment.

  All this -time Fleckner had kept another ray play-
ing about, watching for trailers of the hack, but if
the trust had any emissaries watching our supposed
movements we failed to catch them at it.

  “Well,” Fleckner said at last, “it looks as if we
were all snug and could defy the trust indefinitely.
If they try breaking in here illegally, they’ll get an
unpleasant surprise. If they try invoking the law
through a permit to secure evidence, I have another
sort of surprise.

  “As for your case, Priestley, don’t worry about it.
I will arrange to have no further action taken on it
until you are caught, which will be never unless I
see fit. When we’re good and ready, provided you
make me no more trouble, we’ll clear your name in
such spectacular fashion that there’ll be no doubt left
in the public mind.”

  “Do you mind telling us how you expect to ac-
complish all these marvels?” Priestley asked rather
sarcastically.

   “You’ll see, little by little,” the professor replied
imperturbably. “From now on I am the real head
of the crime trust, I’m going to rule with a lightning
rod. I’m going to stand it on its head. And all not
without profit to myself. For the Treasure of Tan-
talus is mine to have and to hold.”

  Priestley and I remained silent. We had learned
by now the unwisdom of arguing with him. There
was a wild, almost mad, gleam in the old man’s eyes.
I wondered if the vision of too much power had
unbalanced his reason. Or had we, in our desire to
root the hidden criminals from society, put ourselves
in the hginds of a master criminal ?

  Priestley and I often discussed these questions
cautiously between ourselves during the coming
weeks when we were alone together in one of our
rooms and were sure the old man was preoccupied
with his screen.

  And as the days went, evidence piled up that this
old genius who had so enthusiastically started on the
hunt for high-grade defectives, had himself devel-
oped a defective streak. I began to wonder more
than ever who of us was immune from this obscure
mental malady. There were times when I found
myself applying tests to myself to see if I was mor-
ally normal.

  All that day, after Fleckner had put his house in
order for a possible siege, he sat by his desk in deep
thought, now and then making notes on a pad. Dur-
ing that time he made no use at all of the tele-
phonoscope. He was evidently, as we came to learn
later, planning out the details of one of the most
ambitious bids for power that the world has ever
known, a campaign that had for its aim the sub-
jection of society, holding its privacy for ransom.

  At six o'clock that evening he sprang suddenly into
action. He retired to his bedroom for a moment, and
when he returned, we were amazed to see him attired
ln_ a black robe and mask like those worn in the
crime trust’s secret clubroom.

  “I’m going to pay some of my new subjects a
visit,” he remarked casually as he sat down at the
telephonoscope switchboard.

  He then switched on the ray by a new and com-
plicated combination derice of which we could make
nothing, though we watched closely. At once the
private dining-room at the Riccadona was on the
screen. Then we sat and waited.

  A half-hour later Judge Tanner, Dorgan and Win-
ter entered. They removed their overcoats and sat
down. They had just turned to their menu cards
when Professor Fleckner arose, turned on his pro-
jector, and clapped his hands.

  The trio of rascals at the little table miles away
leaped to their feet in startled amazement just as
the heavy draperies of one of the windows seemed to
melt silently into the frames and a black-robed,
masked figure stepped off the sill and stood before
them.

  “Pray, sit down, gentlemen. Don’t be alarmed,”
he commanded in a good imitation of the hoarse
whisper Tanner had heard so many times over the
secret telephone circuit.

  The three obeyed, pale and shaken.

  “I am the Man Higher Up, before you in person
at last,” announced the apparition solemnly. “I
never expected to give you a personal interview here.
You remember I said to you, Judge Tanner, on elec-
tion night, that I would like very much to thank you
in person, but that it was not possible. You and Mr.
Dorgan made it clear when you initiated Mr. Winter
here that it wasn’t done.”

  The three winced at hearing their names pro-
nounced in this offhand manner. They had evidently
believed that the Man Higher Up was as ignorant of
their identity as they were of his.

  Priestley and I, standing behind the black-robed
figure of the real Fleckner and peering over at his
projected image on the screen, hardly dared breathe
lest the slightest sound from us be likewise projected
into the tense atmosphere of the little dining-room,
miles away, and mar the illusion the professor was
creating.

  “But new conditions have arisen,” the black-robed
image went on, while his hearers, their first terror
subsiding, stared at the blank mask in hypnotized
fascination. “Somewhere in this carefully worked
out organization, a leak has sprung. It has proven
so mysterious and baffling that I dared not use our
regular indirect methods in conducting a conference.
So I am here, though you will appreciate the wisdom
of my concealing my personality.

  “In the first place, Judge Tanner, don’t use this
secret telephone circuit again. I’m afraid it’s un-
safe. Recent events make me think some of our
telephone communications have been tapped. When
I need to confer with you I’ll call you on the regular
telephone at your home or your chambers and simply
ask: ‘Has there been a decision in that last case
yet?’ You will simply answer that there has not and
hang up.

  “Then you will come immediately to this room.
I’ll be here. When you have orders to transmit to
your helpers below, I’ll see that they get there. I’m
explaining to them also that they must not use the
phones for organization business till this mystery
has been cleared up.”	,

  Priestley and I looked at each other, unwilling
admiration in our faces. At one clever stroke
774

AMAZING STORIES

Fleckner had cut Chandler off from all communica-
tion with the crime trust of which he had been the
head.

  “Now,” the apparition went on, “I’ve decided on
a different course toward the prisoners we are hold-
ing. We’ll have no executions and no more tortures.
We’ll keep them comfortable. Make each one think
some one else has confessed and promise him immu-
nity if he’ll corroborate the confession.”

  “Prisoners?” Tanner asked, finding his voice for
the first time. “We have only one prisoner—Gersten
—and I was about to report to you to-night that
we’ve proved him innocent and ask your permission
to release him.”

  “Ah!” Fleckner exclaimed. “I'm glad to hear it.
Release him, by all means. By prisoners I meant
also Priestley. I forgot for a moment I had not yet
told you my special corps has just recaptured him.
So we are safe from him personally, but he has
friends we must catch. By the way, Winter, let that
indictment lie idle until I give the word. I may
decide to have it quashed. Have you learned any-
thing new as to the methods by which our secrets
are leaking out or how Priestley escaped?”

  “Not a thing,” Tanner admitted. “We are still
absolutely in the dark.”

  “Didn’t Priestley make any remark under torture
that could give you a clue ?” pursued the pseudo crime
trust chief.

  Tanner looked distinctly uncomfortable, and hesi-
tated.

  “I trust you are not trying to conceal anything,”
Fleckner went on sharply.

  “I won’t conceal anything,” Tanner admitted, “but
first may I beg immunity from the usual punishment
for having obtained forbidden knowledge? I can’t
believe anyhow, that what Priestley said was true.”
Priestley clutched my arm convulsively. We were
about to learn what my friend had revealed in his
delirium, that half-remembered shouting of a name
which haunted him ever since with the fear that he
had betrayed one of us.

  “Have no fear,” Fleckner consoled Tanner. “This
is an unusual occasion. We must grasp at any straw
of information we can get. I’ll see that all precedent
is waived in this case.”

  “Well, then,” Tanner faltered, “the young man
shouted once, just as he was coming out of a semi-
delirious stupor brought on by his suffering. The
attendant heard him clearly, so there’s no mistake.
‘Mortimer Chandler, President-elect of the United
States, is the real head of the crime trust,’ is what
he said.”

CHAPTER XVIII

Chandler Springs a Surprise

PROFESSOR FLECKNER started visibly at
this announcement that Priestley, In his deli-
rium, had revealed to the members of the crime
trust the carefully guarded name of their mysterious
chief. Priestley and I, as well as the three uneasy
figures around the table in the little dining-room,
waited breathlessly for his reply.

  He was not quick to make it. For some moments
he stood, in silence, evidently debating how he should
meet this unexpected situation. At length he spoke
solemnly, deliberately.

  “It has been our policy neither to affirm nor to
deny guesses as to the identity of any of our mem-
bers, but to punish swiftly those who venture to
guess. This case is different. I feel that I should set
you right.

  “I am troubled to know that young Priestley has
learned so much as to guess rightly at the existence
of our secret organization, and that we are interested
in Mortimer Chandler, whom for our purposes, we
have put up for President of the United States. For
the rest of his delirious statement, while he was
buried alive and under nerve racking torture, it’s at
most a very bad guess. Chandler and I are not one
and the same person at all, nor does he even dream
who I am. I am head of the crime trust, as our
prisoner was pleased to call it. Therefore Chandler
is not. That’s all for now. Follow my instructions,
and I’ll appoint another meeting soon.”

  His image backed to the window. Again the drap-
eries seemed to melt and he vanished. He threw
off the projector, snatched off his black mask, and
turned to us, wiping beads of sweat from his face.

  “Well,” he remarked with great satisfaction, “I’ve
spiked Chandler’s guns and found out what I wanted
to know. The gentlemen of the crime trust haven’t
learned a thing about the telephonoscope, and never
will, for every one who knows anything about it is
safely out of their reach.”

  “But,” Priestley protested in bewilderment, “what
about Miss Stimson and the twelve men who were
present at the demonstration on New Year’s Eve ? I
thought we were satisfied they were in the power of
the trust ? Have they escaped ?”

  “You mean you were satisfied,” Fleckner chuckled.
“I might as well tell you about that now. They have
not escaped. They were never kidnaped by the trust,
for the simple reason that I took good care that they
shouldn’t be by kidnaping them first myself.”

  “What!” I exclaimed. “Do you mean to say that
all this time you have known where Miss Stimson
was ?”

  “Exactly,” he agreed. “Miss Stimson never left
this building that night I said I sent her home while
you and Priestley slept, nor has she since. She is
perfecdy safe and comfortable, though rather closely
confined. You see, I rent four adjoining apartments
in this house. The twelve missing gentlemen are
here also. Ten of them came unsuspectingly in re-
sponse to my telephone invitation, of which the
papers spoke; the other two dallied, so they had to
be carried here by my two men, James and John,
incidents whjch the papers also told about luridly.
The safety of all of us depended on such precautions,
to say nothing of the success of my future plans.”
The feelings of Priestley and myself were too
mixed to allow us to speak. We stared at the pro-
fessor in amazed silence. Then another suggestion
intruded itself in my mind.

  “And the disappearance of the two-million-dollar
treasure van after Chandler was scared off? Was
that also engineered by you ?” I asked.

  “Exactly,” he agreed. “When we were watching
Chandler on his way to meet the treasure van, I had
John and James—who, by the way, are expert aero-
nauts—in a swift plane of mine in my hangar on
the roof of this building, ready to fly to the spot the
moment Chandler revealed to us the hiding-place of
the main treasure. When I saw there was no hope
that Chandler or any agent of his would dare try to
TREASURES OF TANTALUS

775

go back to the van after he was frightened by Miss
Stimson, I decided. I wouldn’t let an unclaimed treas-
ure, even a paltry two million dollars, lie around idle.
So after you and Priestley were asleep, I directed
the boys to fly out and retrieve the van and take it
to a good hiding-place of my own, where it now
lies safe.”

  This Coasting confession, too, Priestley and I re-
ceived in silence. I remember wondering at this in
Priestley’s case, such a sharp contrast to his usual
vehement protests against Fleckner’s doubtful meth-
ods, which now had passed quite beyond the doubt-
ful stage. I was disturbed, too, by my own
acquiescence.

  I no longer had any doubts that Fleckner had
passed into the ranks of pronounced criminal defec-
tives. What disturbed me almost as much was the
fear that Priestley and myself were to some degree
infected with the germs of the same defectiveness.

  Professor Fleckner was now busy with further
plans. After consulting his notes and spending a
few minutes in thought, he turned again to the tele-
phonoscope control board and brought the home of
Mortimer Chandler on the screen. Chandler was
shown alone in his study hard at work over some
reports. A hasty search about the house with the
rays made it apparent that the family and his secre-
tary were out for the evening. The servants were
in their own quarters in a distant part of the house.

  “A very opportune moment for visiting my prede-
cessor on the crime trust throne and letting him
know he is out of office,” chuckled the professor.
“Also, I may add, this is the evening in which I take
over officially, the custody of the Treasures of
Tantalus.”

  He slipped on his black mask again, got a heavy
automatic pistol from the storeroom, which he held
conspicuously before him, stepped in front of the
screen, and threw on the projector.

CHANDLER, bent over the papers at his desk,
heard a soft step and looked up to find himself
face to face with the black-robed, masked image that
had so startled the council of three a little while
before.

  The President-elect leaped to his feet, his face
showing amazement and anger, rather than fright.

  “Who the devil are you, and how did you get in ?”

  “Quiet! Stand where you are! Don’t press any
call-buttons! If any one finds us together you'll die
first, he next!” Fleckner rapped out. “Sit down
over in that chair, out of reach of push-buttons.”

  Chandler obeyed, as any reasonable man would.
But he still showed no sign of fear. He already
had himself in hand and was eyeing the apparent
intruder cooly.

  “That’s better,’* the apparition went on. “Don’t
be alarmed. You won’t suffer the slightest harm if
you are reasonable, as you will be, I’m sure, when
I’ve shown you that your life and reputation are
entirely in my hands.

  “Now, as to your questions. To answer the sec-
ond one first; I got in by a method I shall use often
from now on, for it will be necessary for us to
confer frequently.

  “And who am I ? Well, we don’t name names,
as a rule, in our organization, do we ? I’ll just keep
mine to myself, as you have kept yours till now. I
am, however, a member of the secret organization of

which you have been the head, a member who was
not afraid to use his brains and inquire into things,
instead of blindly taking orders.

  “I have located you, for instance, and can expose
you at will if I choose. I know the machinery of
the organization from A to Z. I have in my pos-
session a complete list of the members and records
of every order you have issued for a year back.
Where you have allowed a leak to break out in the
system which nearly wrecked it, I have found the
leak, stopped it, and altered the system so that you
can no longer handle it and I can.

  “In short, I am the new head of the organization
and have come here, tonight to announce my as-
sumption of leadership and offer to retain you as
my first lieutenant, provided you are amenable to
reason.”

  My admiration for the poise of Chandler increased
as I watched him while Fleckner pronounced this
remarkable mixture of truth and fiction. There was
not the slightest flicker of expression in his face as
he replied.

  “This is very interesting!” he said, with sneering
emphasis. “Some secret fraternity, I suppose, and
this is the rather original and startling method of
installing a new officer. I fancy you had a little
too much to drink and got in the wrong house.
Otherwise, I haven’t the remotest notion of what
you are talking about. Now, just go out quietly the
way you came, and we’ll overlook it this time.”

  Eleckner’s answer was to draw a packet of photo-
graphic prints from a pocket of his robe. His
counterfeit image seemed to lay them on Chandler’s
table, at the same time keeping the automatic ready
with the other hand. He picked up the prints one
by one and held them before Chandler’s face.

  There was a photograph of Chandler in his tele-
phone booth followed by a close-up of the mechanism
of the secret circuit and a picture of the council of
three in the private room at the Riccadona, Judge
Tanner at the phone taking Chandler’s orders. Sev-
eral views of the underground clubroom followed.

  There were photos of the robbing of the trust
company, showing Chandler’s part in it from start to
finish. There were views of the counterfeiting
plant under the cotton mill at Fall River, and others
showing how the bogus money reached Chandler.

  It was a pretty complete and unanswerable argu-
ment. Chandler’s eyes widened a little as he watched
the pictured story unfold. But otherwise he showed
no signs of emotion.

  “Now,” Fleckner announced as he slipped the
prints back in his pocket, “in addition to this I have
phonograph records of the conversation that went
with these photographs, so there isn’t much evidence
lacking. I have other photos, too, if you aren’t sat-
isfied yet.

  “I must be brief and get away before I am inter-
rupted,” he went on, when Chandler made no sign.
“In a nutshell, the situation is this: I have learned
the system by which you held your power. That
alone ends your usefulness as head of the organiza-
tion. Further, certain outsiders began to get a clue
to your system of communication with subordinates.
You know that already. That renders that system
useless. I’ve therefore been around and established
a new system, which I know and you don’t. I’ve
explained to the leaders that the old is unsafe and
776

AMAZING STORIES

that they must acknowledge no more orders over
it. So you are entirely cut off and helpless.

  “Still further, I have built up my own secret inner
circle of assistants within the organization and
broken up yours, as you will learn if you try to give
any more orders.

  “Now, not a man but you and me know that the
headship of the organization has changed. And
they won’t know. You will be surprised to learn,
though, that one of your recent prisoners knew you
by name for the head of the organization, and under
torture told it.”

  For the first time Chandler showed signs of
alarm.

  “I thought that would startle you.’’ Fleckner
laughed. “Well, don't worry as long as you obey
me. I have assured them the prisoner was crazy
and altogether in error. Meantime I have put the
fellow where he will do no harm unless I choose. But
mark me. If you are rebellious, I have only to ex-
pose you and the old machinery you controlled, and
go right on with the new one I have created. Will
you act as assistant and obedient adviser to me, or
face disgrace and residence at Ossining Farm ?”

  Chandler stood in thought for some moments.
He was now controlling his emotions with evident
effort.

  “You have me,” he admitted at last. “I yield.
There’s nothing else to do. What do vou wish
first ?”

  “There’s only one thing to-night,” said Fleckner,
triumph in his voice. “And that is to complete the
transfer of authority bv turning over the custodv of
the secret treasure.”

  Chandler was studying him curiously as he said
this. His own face had become a complete mask
again.

  “I noticed that you had no photo of the big trea-
sure chest. I suspect that you, with all your knowl-
edge, know no more about the treasure’s hidine-
place than I.”

  “What do you mean ?” Fleckner demanded
sharply.

  “I mean that you've made the natural mistake of
assuming that I was the ultimate man higher up. I
was not. I was head of the working organization,
it is true. But above me was the only man who
knows the secret of the treasury. I haven’t the re-
motest idea who he is or where he keeps the treas-
ure.”

          CHAPTER XIX
          A Reign of Terror

FOR long minutes after Chandler’s almost cat-
astrophic announcement that his overthrower
had not yet reached his goal, Chandler and
Fleckner’s image faced each other in intense defiant
silence.

  It was a poker game with wealth and power im-
measurable at stake, the spectacle of a Napoleon
wagering with the devil his soul against the dominion
of hell. But I defy any mortal man to have read
in the mask of stone that was Chandler’s face,
whether he was risking his last vestige of power and
self-respect on a royal flush or a pure bluff.

  Fleckner, uncertain, wavered and lost.

  “Very well,” he said at length. “I’ll let your

statement go as it stands for the present. If it is
true, you and I are equal now as far as the treasure
goes. In the end 1 will conquer its secret and deal
with its guardian as I have with you. At least he
will receive no further tribute from the crime trust
and wield no more power over that organization.
If you have lied 1 will soon know it. and i will
handle you without mercy.”

  He paused impressively.

  "Do you wish to alter your statement in any way?”
he added.

   “Not in the least,” Chandler responded colorlessly.
“I have told you the truth. Make the most of it.”

  “Very well, then,” Fleckner said finally. “We’ll
meet again soon. Good night.”

  Chandler made no reply. He stood silently watch-
ing the black mirage of Fleckner until it passed from
his sight through the door into the hall and there
vanished into the air. He made no attempt to follow
it or to investigate how this supposedly material
being had gained entrance.

  Instead he sank into his chair, and for an hour
sat, bowed head in his hands, his iron self-control
abandoned once he believed himself without an audi-
ence. Finally he arose and staggered into his bed-
chamber, a man suddenly stricken with age.

  Meantime Professor Fleckner was raging about
the laboratory like a caged lion robbed of his meal.
He seemed oblivious to our presence.

  “Was the man lying? How can I prove it?
I reasure of I antalus indeed! Slipped away again!
But 111 get it yet! Meantime they’ll pay through
the nose!” he muttered as he paced the floor.

   I believe this final disappointment and his baffled
tage was the ultimate blow that broke down the last
inhibitions of his gradually warping moral nature.
Even his normally powerful intellect seemed for a
time unbalanced.

  At any rate, Priestley and I were doomed to sit
helplessly by and witness, at its evil source, the devel-
opment and spread of a world-wide reign of terror
—a period when no man felt safe against the public
revelation of his most private words and acts or
the contents of his most secret documents—when
most carefully guarded money and securities were
stolen, the thief betraying uncanny knowledge of the
secret measures of protection. Family skeletons
were rattled in the ears of wealth till large sums
were despatched to mysterious sources to buy silence.
Secret business pacts were laid bare, sending the
stock market rocketing skyward or plunging to the
depths. Political intrigues were unfolded for the
benefit of rival parties. And all these infernal ac-
tivities, Priestley and I knew, emanated from the
mind of Professor Fleckner through the control-
board of his miraculous telephonoscope.

  In the mean time this evil wonder-worker was
reported as being seen and interviewed in various
sections of South America, through which continent
he was believed to be making an airplane tour. The
crafty professor thus maintained an alibi by pro-
jecting his image to one of those points everv few
days.

  He no longer took us into his confidence. He
made no objection to our watching his screen when
we wished, but some of his most spectacular coups
were performed while we slept. We followed them
mainly through the sensational newspaper stories
that appeared each morning. For the papers were
TREASURES OF TANTALUS

777

delivered through the tube regularly. Fleckner had
taken care not to order these stopped when he made
his pretense of closing his apartment and going
abroad.

  He must have worked the larceny squad of the
crime trust overtime and have taken no pains to
conceal the robberies by replacing the stolen money
with counterfeit, as in the case of the theft we had
witnessed in the trust company vaults. Hardly a
morning passed in which the papers did not feature
a series of widely scattered bank hauls.

  A rival inventor of Fleckner’s, Dr. Hayward
Bernstorm, was manufacturing a superior quality of
dye by a secret process which he had not entrusted
to the patent office. Only the inventor knew the
vital part of the ingredients, administering the final
touches with his own hand to each batch of the
product. The only written formula lay in a safe-
deposit vault in one of New York’s most substantial
banks. Yet, suddenly, another chemical concern, in
which I happened to know Fleckner was a large
stockholder, began to manufacture the dye by the
same process. The owner of the secret sued the
bank for allowing access to the safety-deposit box
by an unauthorized person.

  But the secret formula was found intact and
apparently undisturbed, and there was no valid evi-
dence that any one but its owner had seen it. The
suit was lost.

  A man, prominent in New York social and finan-
cial circles, made a scurrilous and, as it turned out,
mistaken statement about a business rival. It was
made only to the maker’s wife in strictest confidence
in the privacy of their apartments. The next day
he was sued for slander. The complainant stated
in court that an unknown stranger had stepped up
to him on the street and quoted the slanderous re-
mark. Even the wife of the defendant, apparently
voluntarily, though weeping and reluctant, appeared
on the stand and corroborated the evidence against
her husband.

  She explained that she did so because she had
received an anonymous letter threatening that if she
refused, an unfortunate, but supposedly secret, inci-
dent in her own recent career would be exposed.
No evidence, as to who this mysterious blackmailer
was, appeared, of course, but Fleckner reminded us,
as he chuckled over the newspaper account, that the
defendant in the slander suit had once disputed in
the papers a public statement of the professor’s.

  In similar fashion Fleckner vented his personal
spleen in many directions. In other instances he
seemed to have no personal interest other than the
gratification of his whimsical humor or a display of
power.

THUS when a serious dispute arose between the
Shop Council of Employees and the rrianage-
ment of the United States Airplane Company, each
side held a series of secret conferences in its efforts
to get the best of the other. That is why they tried
to hold secret conferences. Unfortunately the pa-
pers each morning published detailed reports of the
meetings of each side. As a result, each organiza-
tion was ruptured by a wrangle in which every one
accused every one else of breaking faith.

  There was panic in the political world when, after
each secret caucus of party leaders preparatory to

organizing the coming Congress, the papers of the
other parties published full reports of the proceed-
ings.

  And these mysterious revelations of secrets spread
to international circles. The plottings of a circle of
Berlin royalists, who aimed to restore the German
monarchy, was revealed to the republican govern-
ment just before the coup was to be sprung. On the
other hand, the minutes of the executive sessions
of the Council of the League of Nations suddenly
began to be printed in full in the papers without any
official sanction, and as a result, an effort to make
certain delicate readjustments in the Far East in
favor of Japan, had to be abandoned.

  Such are only a few of thousands of incidents
picked at random from the reign of terror that
accompanied these mad attacks on the privacy of the
world. Of course some good did spring out of this
evil. Certain revelations of business and political
chicanery resulted in making business men and poli-
ticians alike more straightforward in their dealings
for a long time to come, when it finally dawned on
the public that some mysterious spy system was ren-
dering thick walls, distance, and darkness of no avail
in the keeping of secrets.

  A newspaper humorist revived the fable of the
"Little Black Man” who went about prying and tell-
ing secrets. Presently it ceased to be a joke. The
sophisticated were convinced that some clever black-
mailing agency was at work. Those inclined to be
superstitious became positively so. All shared in the
panic. No man knew when his most secret act or
word might-not be publicly quoted to his detriment.

  Men lost confidence in banks and in business en-
terprises as the secret drain into Professor Fleckner’s
coffers continued unchecked.

  As this proceeded I continued to wonder vaguely
why Priestley and I were no more actively indignant
at what we witnessed; or why we were not earnestly
plotting measures to thwart this new archvillain.
Priestley shared my wonder in the same vague way,
and we discussed it occasionally in half-hearted fash-
ion. We seemed to sleep or doze heavily most of
the time and to be in a semistupor even when awake.

ONE day, while we two were at luncheon to-
gether, Priestley accidentally upset his cup of
coffee before he had tasted it. He wiped up the
mess, and did not ask James, who waited on us, for
another cup. That afternoon, instead of dozing
about in his chair as usual, and as I did, he was wide
awake.

  He walked restlessly about and chaffed me for my
drowsiness. Late in the afternoon he paused in
front of my chair as I roused myself from one of
my frequent naps, and declared that he’d give a good
part of the Treasure of Tantalus for the cup of
coffee he had spilled at noon.

  “I never realized what a slave I had become to
that drink!” he complained.

  I showed no interest in his habits. Suddenly his
face lighted. He shook me by the shoulders.

  “Wake up and listen!” he exclaimed. “I’ve got it
now. They’ve put drugs in our coffee right along
to keep us doped and tractable!”

  And that proved to be the truth. After that we
emptied our coffee cups in our wash-bowls when our
attendant was out of the room. And straightway
778

AMAZING STORIES

our chronic drowsiness and lack of moral sensitive-
ness vanished. We took good care to conceal this
change from Fleckner and to watch his manipula-
tions of the revised crime trust machinery with re-
newed interest.

  The professor had now wearied of bank robberies
and was using the crime trust agents as collectors
in a continuous series of blackmailing enterprises.
With his malicious rays he followed the sun around
the globe, keeping all the civilized world in constant
terror.

   In addition, he was steadily widening the influence
of his agents in the big business corporations of the
world by crafty use of his knowledge of inside his-
tory. He alternated this with busy schemes for pro-
moting liberal legislation in the parliaments of the
world and in the Council of the League of Nations.
He was wielding a power such as Chandler in his
wildest moments never dreamed of.

  As for the President-elect of our country, he was
destined for some time to hold no more conferences
with the black-robed phantom that had usurped his
place. That first visitation had been too much for
him. Chandler took to his bed next day with a
severe attack of nervous prostration and eventually
was declared physically impotent to assume the office
to which he had been elected. Hence, on March 4,
Vice-President Horace Kildare was inaugurated in
his place.

  This turn of events irritated Fleckner the more.
He intended wresting from Chandler the details of
how he turned the loot of the trust over to the real
custodian of the treasure, and from that starting-
point he would trace down its hiding-place and its
keeper. For in the midst of all his multifarious
activities Fleckner never lost sight of his chief object,
to get his clutches upon that enormous accumulation
of years of successful plunder.

  One evening, shortly after inauguration, when
Priestley and I were alone in my room and had made
certain that the professor was busy manipulating
society, Priestley confided to me that he had at last
deciphered the new combination of the telephono-
scope at work, by cautiously watching Fleckner at
work.

   “I’ll get a chance some day before long to use it,”
he said. “I’m going to end all this. I’ll ^connect
with the district attorney and tell our story.* What
if 1 do sacrifice myself and my fortune? This can’t
go on.”

  Far into the night we discussed plans for carrying
out this scheme. The main difficulty was to get at
the telephonoscope without being blocked by Fleck-
ner or one of his two men.

  The chance came by mere accident a week later.
James, who had the watch at the time, had brought in
the dinner trays for all four of us. Something
proved to be missing, and he returned to the kitchen
for it. Fleckner at the moment was bent over his
note^ with his back to us. Priestley, acting on sud-
den inspiration, reached over and quietly changed
our coffee cups around. That evening Fleckner and
James drank the drugged coffee. Half an hour later
the worthy pair were asleep in their chairs.

   At length Priestley, after testing the soundness of
their slumbers, went triumphantly to the control
board of the telephonoscope, successfully worked the
combination, and a moment later the screen glowed
with the ray in full action. Then he seized the

directing lever and turned the ray in the direction of
the home of the district attorney.

  “Now for the end of the crime trust!” he whis-
pered excitedly.

CHAPTER XX

The Voice From Nowhere

THE district attorney of New York County
lived in a handsome apartment in upper River-
side Drive. The brilliant lights of that thor-
oughfare flashed across the screen as Priestley ran
his ray along the higher house numbers until he came
to the one he sought. Then, just inside, he pro-
jected his own image and advanced it across the big
tapestried hajl to the desk, and announced that Mr.
Thomas Priestley wished to see the district" attorney.

  The hall attendant got the sensation of his life.
Fie was a reader of the newspapers. To have an
indicted criminal of prominence, who* had effected
an escape that had been a sensation for weeks, calmly
walk in for a social call on the prosecutor, after all
hope of catching him had been abandoned, was too
much. The young man stared at Priestley incredu-
lously for a moment, then gathered his wits, and in
a frightened voice announced the visitor through
the phone. After an awe-struck moment, he re-
ported to- Priestley that the district attorney was in
and would see him.

  “Eightieth floor, apartment twenty-” he began;

but his voice was drowned as far as we were con-
cerned by a sudden whirring roar. The screen went
blank, save for a pale yellow glow that showed the
ray was still on but that it was registering no images.

  The roar penetrated even Fleckner’s drugged con-
sciousness, and he awoke with a start.

  “What’s this? What’s this?” he demanded, jump-
ing up. “What are you boys doing?”

  “The machine seems to have run wild. We were
trying to stop it,” I hastily lied.

  “The combination has been tampered with! Who
did that?” Fleckner demanded, leaping for the con-
trol-board.

  “You must have left it on when you went to sleep.
I found it that way when I heard the roar and came
out of my room,” Priestley ventured, ably seconding
my mendacious efforts.

  But now Fleckner was struggling with the levers
and for the time paid no attention to us. He confi-
dently threw off the power switch and examined the
intricate network of wires. He seemed to find no
trouble. Then he threw on the power again, and the
roaring was renewed. Again the screen glowed pale
yellow. He tried manipulating the ray, but got no
results. Nothing appeared on the screen, and the
roaring continued.

  Again he studied every detail of his mechanism,
wiring, control-board, power-cables, and transform-
ers.

  “I can only guess that some big terrestrial electric
disturbance has interfered with the ray and has put
it temporarily out of control,” he ventured at length.
“A most interesting phenomenon!”

  He sat up the rest of the night making various
tests and setting down extensive notes on the phe-
nomenon. which I confess interested Priestley and
me but little. We were too disgruntled at the loss
of our opportunity to communicate with the outside
world.
TREASURES OF TANTALUS

779

  I wondered grimly how long the district attorney
stood waiting eagerly to greet the man he had sought
all over the world, and what happened to the nervous
system of the hall attendant when he saw that amaz-
ing hero melt into the thinnest air before his eyes.

  But just before daybreak, our interest in the
vagaries of the telephonoscope suddenly awakened.
For some time that roar as of the tumult of many
waters had been slowly dying down, first a cataract,
then a rill, then the low drone of distant rain, and
finally the faint sighing of a summer breeze, fol-
lowed by silence.

  As the sound faded, the light on the screen grew
gradually in strength till it was a bright glow. For
a moment it became an intense white light, then
slowly dimmed till it resembled the last faint flush
of a sunset afterglow.

  Fleckner had for the moment given up his investi-
gation, at a loss what to do next. We sat, all four
of us, staring curiously at the screen which, after
doing our bidding so long, had suddenly turned rebel.
Then into the hushed stillness of the room there
came from the screen the sound of a human voice,
a soft, girlish voice of ineffable sweetness singing
an eery, haunting melody.

  For long moments we sat breathless, enchanted.
The song rose and fell, now near, now distant, like
music borne over wide waters on a fitful breeze. It
haunts me yet, after all these years.

  I make no attempt to reproduce it here. None of
us were musically trained. We kept a phonographic
record of it, but musical composers who have since
listened to that record found that the melody did not
conform to conventional scales, and it defied their
efforts to record it on paper and reproduce it from
notes with anything approximating the original ef-
fect. The words, too, though pronounced slowly
and with beautifully clear enunciation, meant noth-
ing to us, and their syllables defied all attempts to
record them by any alphabetical symbols with which
we were familiar.

BUT meantime our efforts were bent on trying to
locate the strange singer. In this Priestley and
I took a lively interest. On our part it was in a
measure idle curiosity, and relief at this welcome
change from the sordid drama we had been witness-
ing, an anodyne to our disappointment at not being
able to communicate with the outside world. But
more particularly, we were enthralled by that voice
and consumed with desire to see the singer.

  And yet, mingled with that desire, I was conscious
of a certain dread of the revelation. I do not know
if it be possible for a man to fall genuinely in love
with a woman from having merely heard her voice.
I have never made a study of the amorous psychol-
ogy of the blind. But I do know that the voice of
this strange woman moved me deeply and I dreaded
seeing her face lest it destroy the illusion. .

  Priestley and I exchanged no confessions on this
score, but I noted, with a foolish feeling almost akin
to jealousy, that his manner indicated a feeling even
stronger than mine.

  I thought suddenly of Miss Stimson and became
perversely indignant at him. I have admitted that
my momentary glimpse of the violet eyes of that
young woman had intrigued my susceptible and
rather fickle heart. My admiration for her sub-
sequent conduct had deepened the sentiment dan-

gerously. I had tried to stifle it, however, con-
vinced that her heart was pledged to unrequited
affection for Priestley. I had believed that he held
for her no feeling but a kind of impersonal gratitude
for saving his life. His ready interest in the voice
of this unknown young woman made me sure of it.
And, as I say, I was unreasonably indignant.

  But while we youngsters were thus mooning about
the room, Fleckner, forgetting for a moment all
sordid and utilitarian considerations, was lost in a
problem of pure science.

  This pet invention of his, of whose every whim
he had supposed himself master, had suddenly dis-
played a new trait. He must learn its secret.

  The dominion of the world and the Treasure of
Tantalus could wait. Once more, for the moment,
the master criminal was the calm, cold devotee of
the intellect.

  The song ceased a few minutes after we first
heard it, but the light stayed on the screen, showing
that the ray was still active. And it seemed to re-
main focused on one region, for at intervals through-
out the day we heard the song again, now far and
now near, but always the same words. Once when
the song came from a point so close to the fore-
ground of the ray focus that it seemed the singer
must be in the room itself just behind the screen,
the singer stopped abruptly in the midst of the re-
frain. Then, in a melodious speaking voice, she
pronounced a few rapid words. She was answered
by a heavy, though not unpleasant masculine tone.
A lively dialogue followed for a few minutes, then
silence again.

  “It’s most baffling,” Fleckner admitted. “I pride
myself on my knowledge of languages, but I catch
no syllable that seems to bear any relation to the
European family of tongues.”

  “Means nothing to me, either,” Priestley declared.
“I’ve picked up, in my travels, a smattering of vari-
ous dialects among the American Indians, the Afri-
can and Mongolian tribes, but I catch no familiar
sound. Of course, my knowledge covers only a
minute fraction of the known dialects.”

  “You can prove nothing by me,” I declared.
“English, French, and Spanish sum me up.”

  James, the muscular, contributed nothing but
stolid silence. The drugged coffee was still troub-
ling him a little. Anyhow, acts and not words were
his specialty.

  “As for trying to locate this thing by any known
electrical test,” Fleckner went on, “I’m completely
stumped. I don’t want to take the machine to pieces,
for fear of losing the connection for good, and I
want to locate that language as a matter of curiosity.
My range and distance indicators register nothing
at all. I can’t understand it. I’m simply going to
watch developments for a while. Perhaps something
will appear on the screen that will give us a clue.”
And late that evening, just as we were about to
give up and retire for the night, his patience was
rewarded. Priestley and I had already gone to our
rooms when Fleckner, who had taken one last look
at the screen before settling back in his chair for a
nap, suddenly shouted out excitedly:

  “Something’s happening! Come out here!”

  We ran out and looked at the screen, which a
moment before had been showing only a faint green-
ish yellow. It now glowed with a clear white light,
780

AMAZING STORIES

excepting for faint shadings here and there which
presently began to take definite form. In a few
moments more the slowly developing screen showed
the interior of a big open room.

  We seemed to be looking down the broad aisle of
a warehouse. On the right of the aisle was a row
of bins full of something that looked like coarse
gravel. On the left was piled high a long tier of
slabs, apparently some sort of building material,
shaped something like old-fashioned bricks, only
larger. We saw it all dimly as through a thin haze.

  We studied this picture curiously, trying in vain
to determine in what obscure corner of the world it
might be. Suddenly the misty obscuration of our
vision cleared and we saw it all plainly. The con-
tents of the nearest bin and the end of the long tiers
of bricks stood out in bold relief. A moment we
gazed at it wonderingly. Then Fleckner jumped to
his feet and shouted:

  "The Treasure of Tantalus at last!”

  The supposed gravel pebbles were precious stones,
millions on millions of them glittering and shimmer-
ing with fairy light! The bricks were of solid gold!

CHAPTER XXI

The Singer Revealed

THERE could be no doubt of it. By this
strange, fortuitous accident we had been per-
mitted to peer in to a treasure-house stored
with fabulous wealth. Fleckner verified our first
judgment of the material in the bins and bricks by
applying the new reflective speGtrum test which he
had invented. Not only were the supplies of these
most precious materials in the big storehouse, but we
discovered that the building itself was made of
bricks and slabs and girders of gold. The floor was
a priceless concrete of jewels bedded in golden ce-
ment.

  Here indeed, it seemed, was moral defectiveness
developed into madness! Chandler, or the alleged man
above him who received the crime trust’s treasure,
had apparently converted the vast stores of the or-
ganization’s stolen wealth into this fantastic, mate-
rialized dream of grandeur rivaling the ancient con-
ception of a golden hereafter.

  But where was this trove ? Of its location we were
as ignorant as ever. It was more than before, our
Treasure of Tantalus, lying in plain sight, but as
much as ever out of our reach.

  It had ceased to be an academic problem with
Professor Fleckner. Gone was the calm concentra-
tion of the scientist and man of pure intellect. In
his place was again the feverish, avaricious searcher
for hidden riches.

  Back and forth across the laboratory he paced,
never taking his eyes from the maddening picture of
the gleaming treasure and cudgeling his brain in vain
for some method he had not yet tried for determin-
ing where the end of our magic ray rested. So the
night wore away. Priestley and I dozed at intervals
in our chairs. Morning came and we ate breakfast in
moody silence. The mystery was beginning to bore
us.

  Then suddenly there broke again that eery song.

  “If we could only determine the language or
dialect she’s, singing, we might locate the general
quarter ol the globe in which your treasure lies.”

Priestley ventured. “Pity we don’t dare invite in
some language experts to identify it.”

   Fleckner stopped short and clapped his hands to-
gether in glee.

  “An idea!" he exclaimed. “Good for you, Priest-
ley! We can’t bring the experts to us, but we can
take our mysterious song to them.”

  Priestley and I looked at each other in alarm.
During all the reign of terror he had inspired,
Fleckner had never been so presumptuous as to ap-
pear outside his apartment or to abandon for a
moment the pretense that he was traveling in South
America. Secure as was his secret hold on the crime
trust and through it upon the machinery of the law,
it was still entirely possible that some person or per-
sons unknown to us might connect him with Priest-
ley, and the general public was still clamoring for
the capture of Priestley and the twenty-million-
dollar fortune he was believed to have fraudulently
diverted from the public treasury. Fleckner once
caught and held as a witness in the Priestley case
would have a hard job concealing any longer the
secret of his telephonoscope and the universal havoc
he had wrought with it.

  Now he was mad enough to propose calmly going
forth and exposing to various outsiders, one of the
results of the use of that instrument.

BUT the old man was not mad enough to fail to
notice our alarm. I think in his preoccupation
with the pranks of his invention he had not realized
until now that his prisoner-guests were no longer
in the drugged stupor in which he had been keeping
them.

  He looked sharply from one to the other of us,
but naturally made no comment on our renewed
mental acuteness. I wondered uneasily if he would
suspect die tampering with the coffee, and shift the
drug to some other article of our diet, perhaps in
larger and more effective doses. I resolved at the
first opportunity to warn Priestley that we must eat
sparingly of every tiling set before us.

   At any rate, he set our minds at rest as to his next
move.

  ‘Tm not going to expose us to any danger,” he
explained. “Remember I’m still supposed to be
traveling in the Andes, and it will be perfectly
plausible that I should use a long-distance telephone
from there. Just watch me work and see how simple
and safe it is.”

  While he was talking he must have pressed the
secret switch connecting up the apartment telephone,
for he now punched up a number on the call-board
of his desk phone.

   “May I speak with Dr. Bonstelle?” he asked after
a moment.

  I recognized the name of the head of the Lan-
guage Department of Columbia University, a world-
famous philologist.

   “Dr. Bonstelle?” Fleckner continued in a moment.
"This is Professor Rufus Fleckner. You may have
■ noticed by the papers up North that I’m taking a
vacation tour in the Andes Mountains. I’m calling
now from the City of Santa Brazos in northern
Chile. I’ve struck a curious phenomenon in your line
and wanted to get your opinion on it. I would like
to follow it up before I leave the region so I am ven-
turing to consult you by long-distance phone. A
TREASURES OF TANTALUS

781

group of wandering minstrels, apparently a gipsy
tribe, came down from the mountains yesterday and
gave a musical in the Plaza here. They sang for
the most part in the Zingaro, or Spanish gipsy
dialect. But one young woman sang a little thing
in an utterly different tongue. Neither I nor any
of the natives I interviewed—including Indians
of several different tribes—who were about the
Plaza, could find any resemblance in it to any fam-
iliar tongue. I tried interviewing the gipsies, but
got only suspicious shrugs. They wouldn’t let me get
to the girl herself. I made a phonographic record
of the song and would like to transmit it to you if
you’ll put a phonograph in 'front of your receiver.
You can let the different men in your department
have a try at it in case it isn’t at once familiar to
you.”

   Apparently Dr. Bonstelle swallowed the story and
readily consented to the request, for Fleckner
brought out the song record, put it in a machine, and
placed it in front of his phone transmitter. Again
I was forced to admire the consummate skill of the
old liar.

   “Just a moment, Professor Fleckner,” I said, plac-
ing a cautious hand over our transmitter. “Why not
try him with the spoken dialogue, too? That might
be easier to read than the words of the song.”

   He looked at me 'pityingly.

  “Bright idea!” he sneered. “It would be quite a
help in case they recognize this language, and the
conversation of our mysterious pair happened to give
away the story of the treasure!”

  He pushed me away from the phone and I sub-
sided abashed.

   But Dr. Bonstelle, after listening to the song and
taking a record of it, declared himself as much in
the dark as we. He recognized not a trace of re-
semblance to any of the general families of lan-
guages. He agreed, however, to have the men of his
department try it out. Professor Fleckner arranged
to call him up in twenty-four hours and get his re-
port.

   Soon after Fleckner had completed these arrange-
ments, there were further developments on the
screen. The picture began to sway back and forth,
revealing different sections of the golden ware-
house, to grow dim and bright by spells.

   The professor became nervous at this.

  “I hope we aren’t going to lose it now just as
there’s a chance of solving the riddle. That’s the
exasperating part of being unable to control the in-
strument. I’ve proved this much, though. A ter-
restrial current of electricity of tremendous power
has been set up by some seismic disturbance. Our
rays have been caught and held by it. They aren’t
powerful enough to break away or be directed in-
dependently. We'll just have to let this'current play
with them until I can increase the power of the
generators enough to offset the big current.”

  He spent the greater part of the day equipping
some additional generator units out of odds and ends
of spare parts in his storeroom. He was nearly ready
/io connect in these new units when something else
happened on the screen.

  The swaying of the picture had been growing
more violent at intervals as the day passed. Sud-
denly it shifted abruptly to the right. The interior
of the big building slid off the screen and left us

gasping in unbelieving amazement at what took its
place.

  We seemed to be gazing down the length of a
broad, deep canon. Down its center flowed a wind-
ing stream, along the margin of which rested curious,
one-story houses, flat-roofed and rambling. Tower-
ing, rugged walls arose on either side of the canon.
Deep-cut, irregular ravines branched off in various
directions. There was a little curious, stunted veg-
etation here and there of unfamiliar varieties, but the
swaying of the picture prevented our examining it
closely.

  The overwhelming wonder of the place, however,
was this: Not merely all the houses in sight were
built of the same precious materials as the big ware-
house we first saw; the ground of the great valley
also was of glittering soil strewn with boulders of
gold and emerald and diamonds and other precious
minerals in sizes such as no man had ever before
dreamed outside the pages of fable or the vision of
the Apocalypse. The great precipices were of solid
gold, streaked with veins of silver and studded with
gems. The river flowed over golden sands and
sparkling pebble gems.

  The Treasure of Tantalus indeed!

  But now the ray shifted again, and on the screen’s
foreground lay a little dell at the mouth of a ravine
that opened on the shining sands of the river-shore.
There a little pocket of ordinary soil had washed
down and the dell was screened with dwarf trees and
carpeted with moss and curious grasses. All the
foliage was of pale greenish-yellow, as though its
golden habitat had permeated its veins.

  This scene became steady for a moment, and as we
drank in its details the now familiar song burst again
on our ears.

  An instant later the shrubbery parted and the
singer herself stepped forth.

CHAPTER XXII

The Lady of Tantalus

I THINK even our case-hardened old jailer-
scientist, Fleckner, forgot his sordid aims for
a moment, as we saw before us, for the first
time, the materialization of the golden voice whose
haunting melody had so enchanted us. I knew from
the gasping sigh that escaped Priestley, that he was
at least as hard hit as I. Even the ultra-phlegmatic
John, Fleckner’s second man, whose turn at watch it
was, let go a deep-chested bit of blasphemy, so in-
flected, however, that it expressed the greatest meas-
ure of awed admiration of which his nature was
capable.

  My fear that the singer, once faced, would fall
below the promise of her voice, had been utterly
groundless. It was as though one of Raphael’s angels
had suddenly stepped forth from the canvas pal-
pitant with life—a figure of slenderest grace draped
in a robe of shimmering cloth of gold. A cataract of
golden hair flowed well below her golden, gem-
studded girdle, unbound except for a finely engraved
circlet of gold about her exquisitely modeled head.
The perfect oval of her face was as if carved from
old ivory excepting for the thin, ruby line of her
deScate mouth and eyes blue as the sapphires in her
girdle.
782

AMAZING STORIES

  But why should a fatuous old man bore his
readers with a feeble attempt to paint a word-picture
of a face that enthralled him for a moment a half-
century ago? Enough that my enthralment, complete
as it was, lasted only a moment. For I suddenly
found myself contrasting this idealization of wom-
ankind with the intensely human face of little Miss
Stimson, into whose eyes of violet I had been per-
mitted to gaze so briefly once. My enthralment with
the vision passed, leaving behind it only a feeling of
satisfaction over my sense of feminine beauty. Tom
Priestley would have been saved some bitter hours
if he had experienced the same change.

  But Professor Fleckner was wasting no time over
mere admiration of a glorious face. He was busily
adjusting his cinema machine and phonograph at-
tachment to catch every move and word of the girl.

  Meanwhile she stood by the river-brink gazing
abstractedly into the gleaming water and softly
humming over again the familiar song.

  Suddenly she stopped singing and with a little
exclamation of delight knelt swiftly and darted a
slender hand into the water’s edge. She drew out a
small, irregular pebble, rusty black in color and,
still kneeling, gazed at it raptly, with frequent repeti-
tions of her little cry of delight.

  What this precious find could be we were unable
to guess from the fleeting glimpse we got. She was
now holding it close in her cupped hand out of out-
range of vision.

  She was so preoccupied that she failed to hear
steps on the jewel-pebbled beach. Around a clump
of shrubbery a man appeared. He was a tall, well-
shaped figure clad in a simple tunic, skin-tight
trousers and sandals, all of the same golden fabric
as the girl’s garments. His hair was a shade darker
than hers and fell uncut to his shoulders. He wore
likewise a long, untrimmed, yellow beard.

  The cut of his features suggested a relationship
to the girl which his age and subsequent attitude to-
ward her clearly indicated to be that of father. But
the blue eyes of the father were cold steel, the
girl’s glowed with the warmth of a summer sky.
Avarice was the keynote of his expression. There
was the same calculating gleam in his eyes that I
had noted so often in the pale orbs of Professor
Fleckner.

  He stood for a moment regarding the kneeling
figure curiously. Then he crept stealthily forward
and peered over her shoulder. At sight of what she
held in her hand he uttered a harsh cry and seized
her by the arm.

  She leaped to her feet and faced him with wide,
startled eyes, shrinking back and clutching her
bauble to her bosom.

  The father held out his right hand commandingly
and held her arm roughly with his left, speaking a
volley of harsh syllables.

  A moment the girl hesitated and then reluctantly
handed over what she held. The man held it up to
his face and, with a grunt of satisfaction, thrust it
in his tunic and strode away. The girl, as soon as he
was out of sight, threw herself on the ground and
shook with sobs.

  All this time we had caught only a fleeting glimpse
of the object that had caused two people so much
agitation.

  The girl was gradually getting her grief under

control when again a step sounded on the bank above
her. The bushes parted and a young man about her
own age stepped out. He was as perfect a speci-
men of masculine beauty as she was of the feminine.
He was dressed in the same general style as her
father. His complexion also was fair and his face
shone with the idealism of healthy young man-
hood.

  He caught sight of the girl and ran toward her
with a cry of solicitude, arms outstretched. She
scrambled to her feet in confusion and shrank back
blushing, but evidently not displeased at seeing him.

  He seemed to ask her numerous questions, to
which she replied in monosyllables. At length she
led him to the edge of the stream and, pointing to
the spot where she had picked up the bauble, broke
into voluble speech. She was evidently telling the
story of her find and of her father’s action.

  The young man knelt down eagerly and began
digging furiously in the shimmering sand. Suddenly
there was a call from the bank above in the harsh
voice of the girl’s father.

  The girl started guiltily, spoke a low word to the
youth and, with an answering call to her father, ran
swiftly up the bank. The young man arose and
looked after the girl for a moment with an expression
of mixed affection and anger. Then he walked down
the river'shore and disappeared.

  Though the little dell remained fixed on the screen
for some time after that, there were no more signs
of life manifested, and it finally faded to a barely
perceptible outline.

  Fleckner took advantage of this interlude to turn
back to the building up of a higher power ray and
as he worked, we debated the meaning of the scene
we had witnessed.

  For my part I had become convinced that Pro-
fessor Fleckner was wide of the mark in believing
his errant rays had hit by accident on the crime
trust’s treasure trove which we had hunted so long
in vain.

  “If we had found nothing more than the ware-
house full of treasure that we first sighted I would
believe you might be right,” I admitted. “But when
I saw an entire grand canon made of solid gold and
jewels, I knew at once the crime trust could never
have stolen enough wealth for that even if their chief
were fantastically crazy enough to convert the bulk
of it into such unusable forms as mountains. More-
over, there is no section of this part of the world
where such a huge freak could be hidden. It must
be in some remote and comparatively unexplored
region of the South Polar continent made habitable
by escaping volcanic vapors. There is apparently
concentrated a great natural deposit of gold and rare
minerals.”

  “I think you are partly right and partly wrong.”
Fleckner countered. “I agree with you on the prob-
able remoteness of this region. I also agree with you
in saying that the mountains and soil we saw are a
natural phenomenon. But remoteness is no bar to a
man in an airplane. I think now Chandler told the
truth when he said he turned the treasure over to a
man still higher up and that the older man we saw
on the screen, father pf the singing girl, is that man.
I believe he discovered a remote tribe of attractive
barbarians in this golden valley while searching for
a place to keep his treasure. There he lives part of
his time surrounded by wealth beyond his dreams
TREASURES OF TANTALUS

783

and adds to it the stolen millions of the trust. He’s
not normal of course. But you note that a great mass
of gold was in bar form and the diamonds and other
jewels were stored in bins. Either that is some of
the wealth he has brought in or it is some ready to be
taken out and tised in the outer world. Think of the
power such wealth gives. We must find and control
it.”

  “Yes,” Priestley agreed, to my surprise. “We
must find it as soon as possible. It’s time, Professor
Fleckner, to call up Dr. Bonstelle again and see if
they have locate-1 that language yet. There must be
no delay in tracing out this region.”

  He seemed suddenly to be as greedily obsessed
with the idea of the treasure as was Fleckner him-
self.

  Fleckner agreed to this suggestion and got Bon-
stelle on the telephone. The)' had a long conference,
mostly monosyllabic on Fleckner’s side, from which
I gathered that the head of Columbia’s language de-
partment could give us no aid.

  “Neither he nor any one in his department can
make anything out of it,” the professor reported
after he had hung up. “He gave me a long discourse
on the history and philosophy of language. The only
significance in what he said was that certain funda-
mental sounds in the song could not possibly be re-
produced by any normal, human-speaking apparatus.
The mystery seems deeper than ever.”

  Fleckner turned back to his generators, and Priest-
ley, after standing for a moment in unseeing ab-
straction, went to his room.

  I sat for a few moments moodily ruminating on
the strangeness of Priestley’s attitude. Then, obey-
ing a sudden impulse, I stepped over to his door. It
stood slightly ajar. I had no intention to eavesdrop.
I started to knock, but at that moment I heard his
voice within. He was pacing the floor and talking
to himself.

^ My little Treasure of Tantalus,” he murmured.
“Poor little girl: I must find her! I must find her
and save her from that golden hell!”

CHAPTER XXIII

A Scrap of Strange History

IT was not until the middle of the next forenoon
that Fleckner completed the assembling of his
additional generator units and was ready to try
them in the hope that he would be able now to over-
come in a measure the influence of the master cur-
rent and have a little better control of the screen
picture of this mysterious Valley of Tantalus.

  Meantime we had continued to catch vague
glimpses of it at intervals, but no more that were as
steady and clear as that scene by the river shore.
Nor did we hear the strange song again, though we
caught occasional scraps of conversation. "

  Priestley roamed about in impatient restlessness,
every few minutes urging Fleckner to hurry his
work. For my part the novelty of the thing had
worn off and I found my thoughts straying else-
where. I was wondering about the comfort of little
Miss Stimson, hidden awav in solitary confinement
somewherein the big building. I resolved to speak
a word for her when at length Fleckner had com-
pleted his reconstruction job and sat down for a
minute to rest before trying it out.

  “Don’t you think, professor,” I ventured, “that
you re being a little unfair to Miss Stimson ? She’s
missing a most interesting spectacle. She was in on
all the forepart of our experiments and naturally has
great curiosity as to what is going on now. What
harm could she do in here, as long as she has no
communication with the outside?”

  “There’s something in what you say,” the old man
agreed. “Besides she has a keen mind, as we’ve
discovered and might be able to help us with sug-
gestions. But it won’t be necessary to have her in
here. There is a small portable telephonoscope equip-
ment in the storeroom, one of my early experiments.
I’ll have John set it up in her room. Shell be able
then to watch in on our screen. I’ll give her the
cinema films of what she’s missed, too, so she can
bring the story up to date.”

  He called John and gave the order and assured
me presently that the young lady was now enjoying
the same privileges of outlook as we were.

  The test of the additional ray units met with con-
siderable success. When Fleckner switched them
on, the picture on the screen which a moment before
had been an indistinguishable blur, suddenly leaped
into clear relief. We were looking once more down
the broad aisle of the big treasure warehouse. On
one side, as before, we saw the bins full of gems,
on the other the long piles of golden bricks. But
now, instead of being silent and lifeless, the scene
was one of the busiest human activity.

  Groups of short, thick-set men, clad only in
breech-cloths of gold net, were hard at work mov-
ing the treasure. These men were in sharp contrast
to the handsome specimens of manhood we had al-
ready seen, not merely in the shape of their bodies
and the lower intelligence of their countenances;
their skins were of a ghastly greenish hue.

  There were several gangs of these repulsive crea-
tures at work about the warehouse. In charge of
each gang was one of the evidently superior race we
had first seen, ivory white of skin, alert and intel-
ligent.

  Professor Fleckner found that the increase in the
power of his rays enabled him to manipulate them
with a fair degree' of control within certain limits.
He was able to move the focus about pretty much
at will now, shifting various sections of the golden
valley on his screen. But he was still unable to do
any of his former close work, to control close-ups
or look beneath surfaces. The projector refused ab-
solutely to respond. He tried to throw one of our
images into a lonely spot jn the valley, to see if it
could be done, but got no results.

  But with the power we had, we were able to learn
much. Our interest centered on the scene of activity
in and around the big warehouse. Professor Fleck-
ner was positive that some of the treasure was now
about to be transported to the outer world and.that
he would be able to follow it with his reinforced
rays and at last learn the location of the valley.

  Some of the green-hued men were hitched like
draft animals to low, rude trucks, made, like every-
thing else we had seen so far, of solid gold. The
workers were piling golden bricks into some of these
and were shoveling precious stones into others.

  With all my constitutional indifference to wealth,
it gave me a curious sensation to see those trucks
piled high with uncountable riches, as though they
were so much gravel or clay bricks. The contents
784

AMAZING STORIES

of any one of the trucks would have made me a
rich man for life.

  Eagerly Fleckner followed with his ray the first of
the trucks to leave the warehouse. It went out a
winding gold-paved road along the river shore, past
many houses of gold, to a spot where a square ex-
cavation had been dug. Here beside piles of similar
material, the trucks were dumped. Masons were
laying the cellar foundations of a house with these
bricks, mixing the gems with cement and preparing
a concrete to make the cellar bottom.

  Again Fleckner’s hopes were dashed. It was
gradually dawning on him and the rest of us that
here was a land where gold and jewels took the place
of earth and rock and had no value except as or-
dinary building materials.

  So with a snort of disappointment, the professor
turned his rays back to the warehouse.

  “For the present,” he said, “I think we’d better
study these people and get some clue to the meaning
of their tongue. When we can understand their
speech, we can learn something of what all this
means. I still think, Blair, that I’ve located the real
master of the crime trust, a defective with a fan-
tastic, Oriental type of mind, who has carried out
here on earth, his dream of a heaven of golden
splendor.”

  We were able, quite clearly, to catch the scraps
of conversation that went on in the foreground of
our warehouse picture, so we sat down to a steady
period of linguistic study, keeping, as usual, cinema
and phonographic records of all that occurred and re-
turning to our old system of taking turns at watch.

  Miss Stimson now took an active part in our
study, flashing occasional suggestions from her
screen in the other apartment to ours in the labora-
tory.

  We learned another curious fact about this Golden
Valley of Tantalus. There seemed to be no day or
night there, only a steady, unbroken glow of soft
light. The men in the warehouse worked for a period
roughly corresponding to our day and then rested
for a like period.

  “That tends to confirm your guess that this valley
might be somewhere within the South Polar Circle,”
Fleckner said to me. “It is now daylight for six
months there. This seems to be our first real clue
to location.”

  The weeks that followed were monotonous enough,
excepting for the occasional discovery of the mean-
ing of a word. Each new word caught by associating
it with some object or with an act of the speaker be-
came an event to be looked forward to eagerly. It
became a game with us, each trying with the rest to
see who could locate the greatest number of new
words.

GREAT was our triumph one day, when by con-
tribution to the translation, we were able to
catch the general drift of a conversation between
two of the foremen, who sat on a pile of bricks in
the foreground and talked earnestly for over an
hour after the laborers had stopped work. We had
seen these two in conference many times before.

  We took advantage of the laborers’ sleeping period
that day to go back over all our phonographic records
of speech and make translations.

  Patching all our scraps together, we made out a
connected story of absorbing interest. It seemed that

                                                                    •

one of the two foremen was a new man in the valley.
He had recently wandered in by accident through the
“Great Ravine” from “Beyond.” His companion in
dieir conferences was telling him the history of the
valley and instructing him in its ways.

  The story we gleaned hinged abolit a mysterious
“treasure” which the people of this valley possessed.
In thi$ strange land where gold and precious jewels
were common as the dirt under the feet of us ordi-
nary earthlings, there was an article so precious that
men lived for it, slaved for it, committed crimes and
died for it. What such a “treasure” could be was
beyond our power of imagination.

  For many ages the green men lived happily in this
valley in savage simplicity, wearing no clothing and
dwelling in caves, or rough huts of gold. Never
having heard of the “treasure,” they were happy and
never fought among themselves, for each had all he
desired, and sought nothing from his neighbor.

  Then down through the “Great Ravine” from the
“Beyond” came and settled among them the men of
ivory skins, straight, tall, and beautiful to look upon.
And they dressed in robes of spun gold and had im-
plements and dishes of gold and tools with which to
fashion them. They had also, each man, some more
and some less, a portion of the treasure, which being
new and very rare, the green men looked upon
eagerly and coveted.

  Then said the ivory-skinned ones to the green-hued
men of simpler minds, if you will work for us and
build us houses of gold fashioned as we shall show
you, we will give you bits of our treasure.

  And so the green men worked for these new
masters and were paid in bits of treasure, but being
stupid men could build these houses only as the
masters watched and directed their labors.

  And when the green men saw how comfortable
were the houses of gold, they asked the masters to
direct them while they built houses for themselves.
This the masters agreed to do if they would pay them
back in the treasure they had given them. And so
they did.

  Then when the green men did more work for the
masters, the masters paid them with leaves of worth-
less gold that were promises to give them treasure
later on. “Meantime,” said the masters, “we are
keeping the treasure hidden and safe, but these leaves
of gold will mean that you hold a share in it. Now
there is more of the treasure out in the ravines. We
will show you how to find and dig it up and let you
keep half of it.”

  So the green men found a little treasure and kept
half of it until they saw how useful were the masters'
tools and dishes and how beautiful was their cloth-
ing. Then the masters sold them these thirigs for the
treasure the green men still had, but they paid the
green men for the work they did only in the gold-
leaf promises to pay treasure.

  So the green men continued to work more and
more for the masters in hope of some day getting
back some of the treasure and they fought and stole
among themselves for the little treasure that was left
among them. But they never dared fight the masters
because they were too cunning and powerful.

  Then there had come down from the Great Ravine,
Madga the Great, with his beautiful daughter,
Olanda, who was then only a baby.

  And Madga was more cunning yet than the other
masters and he had with him more treasure than
TREASURES OF TANTALUS

785

any of them. The other masters all sought his favor
and he traded among them till he had most of their
treasure also. And so he came to rule over them
and also over the green men.

  And now that Olanda, the beautiful daughter of
Madga, had grown up, many of the young masters
desired her for a mate. But her cruel and covetous
father had decreed that he should have her who first
brought him one full measure of treasure.

  Such was the story we gathered from our frag-
mentary records and I tried to set\it down as nearly
as possible in the simple speech of the narrator.

  Looking back to the record of the little scene by
the river between Olanda and her father, Madga,
and the young man whosa name we now knew was
Grudga, we were able to interpret that Grudga was
one of Olanda’s suitors and apparently the one she
favored most. She had found a bit of the mysterious
treasure and her father had snatched it from her.

  Here Miss Stimson broke in from her screen in
the other apartment:

  “None of you has translated the song yet,” she
said triumphantly. “I’ve just worked it out. Would
you like to hear it?’’

“By all means!” Priestley exclaimed eagerly.
These are the words she chanted in a surprisingly
close rendering of the original melody and a voice
which for me, I confess, held more charm than that
of the singer of Tantalus:

         I am the Treasure of the Valley
         Where my proud sire rules in glory.

        Many there are who seek me,

         One there is who shall find me.

         He who is worthy to hold me
         Must bring of his lesser treasure
         And pay it fully and freely
         In proof that his heart is single.

         For I -am the Treasure of the Valley
         .Where my proud sire rules in glory.

CHAPTER XXIV

Beneath Our feet

WHEN the girl finished this rendition of her
rival’s vainglorious song, I glanced at
Priestley out of the cornef of my eyes to
see how he had taken it. He looked a little crest-
fallen. I was conscious of an unreasoning feeling of
jealousy at the thought that the singer of the transla-
tion might have put some of her own feeling toward
my friend Priestley into her voice. Mingled with my
jealousy was a little inconsistent indignation that he
did not reciprocate her feelings, but was lavishing
his emotions futilely on this unknown, barbaric
beauty.

  “I am sick of the very sight and sound of treas-
ure!” was his final petulant comment on the song.
“It seems quite essential,- though, even in affairs of
the heart. Come! We’re wasting time. Have you
any more inspirations. Professor Fleckner. for locat-
ing this mysterious place?’’

  Professor Fleckner eyed him shrewdly and
chuckled. I think that he realized for the first time
that our romantic coworker was madly in love with
the mysterious Lady of Tantalus.

  “Priestley,” he laughed, “for a young man who
scorns treasure so much, I must say you show an
amazing impatience to get at it. I suppose what
you’re after is to find out the nature of the mvs-

terious stuff these fellows in the valley have beej)
making so much fuss over and grab off ‘one full
measure’ of it ahead of the other young bucks in the
list. It beats me, though, what that stuff can be—
that is so much more valuable than gold and jewels
that they use the latter for building materials.

  “However, I haven’t any more ideas about locat-
ing the thing. I’ll have to keep experimenting with
the adjustments of my instruments, a^d if neces-
sary add further ray units until I can get the in-
dicators to record direction and distance again. Per-
haps in the mean time the terrestrial current that’s
playing havoc with us will subside.

  “I see our green and white folk are stirring again
in the valley. Let’s get on with the story.”

  So we turned back to the screen on which were
shown the images of our strange people beginning
their tasks again. Professor Fleckner succeeded, this
time, in exploring the valley a little more widely.
Presently we came upon a house of gold much larger
than the rest, half hidden in a big rock cleft sur-
rounded by high, golden palings. A cohort of green
men armed with heavy gold clubs guarded it.

  While we were examining this curious structure,
Olanda, the singer, came out of the gate. We judged
then, and rightly as it proved, that this was the
palace of Madga, her father and chief of the valley.

  The girl hurried down the river shore until she
came to the little cove where we had first seen her.
She had in her hand a little golden spade and with
this she. began hastily digging in the sands along the
water’s edge. It was here she.had found that bit of
the mysterious treasure which her father had
snatched away at the time when we first saw her.
Evidently she was looking for more of it. It was
evident, too, from marks along the shore that she
or others had dug there many times since the find-
ing of the first treasure.

  After an hour of fruitless search she threw down
the spade petulantly and turned away in despair.
For a long time she stood staring off over the water
in deep thought, now and then stooping and picking
up a diamond or amethyst or ruby and abstractedly
tossing it into the stream.

  Suddenly her eyes widened as with the dawning
of an idea. She clapped her hands in delight and
sped away down the river road. In front of one of
the houses that lined this highway her steps lagged
and she began to hum softly her familiar melody.

She had nearly passed the house, when a young
man came out of the door, and ran toward her. He
was not the favored lover we had first seen with her.
“Olanda,” he called. “May I walk with you?”
“You may,” she replied, “if you’ll comfort me a
little. I’m in trouble.”

  “Trouble?” he said, falling in step with her. There
could be no doubt from the expression on his face
that he was one of her suitors. “You know I would
do anything I can to help you. What is it?”

  “You can’t help me,” she answered. “It takes
treasure to help me.”

  “Treasure!" he exclaimed, stiffening a little. “But
1 have it, a little of it. I have been saving it for a
purpose. I must have a full measure of it before long
if T am ever to be hapj5y, Olanda.”

  She smiled back at him so understanding^ that his
face flushed with hope.

  “But I need only one little nugget and I need it
now,” she said. “T must have a new robe and my
786

AMAZING STORIES

father won’t let me have it unless I find and give him
one nugget of treasure. He is growing more of a
miser all the time. He thinks I am finding treasure
and hiding it from him, but I’m not. Oh, if you
could only let me have one little nugget to get my
robe. I will repay you when I get another.”

  The infatuated youth hesitated only an instant.
Then, bidding her wait, he went into his house
and returned in a few minutes with something tightly
clutched in his hand. He gave it to the girl and she
hastily concealed it in her robe. The look she gave
him was a rich reward.

  “Now I must go home and get my new robe,” she
said and left him to his musings.

  But she was no sooner out of his sight than she
slowed her pace, and went thoughtfully along, head
bowed as though considering her next move.

  “Olanda!” came a joyous hail from the mouth of
a .ravine she was passing. Another youth stepped
into sight and beckoned her.

  “Come in a little way where we won’t be seen,”
he said. “I have something to show you.”

  The girl obeyed wonderingly.

  “First tell me, Olanda,” the young man asked
anxiously, “can I hope that you wish it to be me who
brings the measure of treasure to your father ?”

  The warm, shy look she-gave him was answer
enough.

  “Never was there a surer hope,” she whispered.
“Then look,” he said proudly, displaying a golden
measure he drew from his robe.

  Their heads bent over it together. We could not
see the contents, but they caused the girl to cry out
with delight.

  “Almost half a measure already!” she exclaimed.
“Where did you come by such wealth ?”

  “I searched and found them during sleep times
when no one could spy on me. I dug them from
the rocks up along the Big Ravine. There are no
more there, for I’ve searched every space. But I
know I’ll get the rest.”

  “And if I had only three of them now I would
be happy,” the girl sighed. And then she repeated
the story of the new robe, only this time she placed
her father’s demand at three nuggets.

  “But if I give them to you,” the youth demurred,
“it will take me that much the longer to win you.”
She turned away in disdain.

  “If you are to turn miser like my father you will
never win my heart,” shq sneered.

  At that he capitulated and in a moment the fair
schemer left him with the three nuggets stored away
in her robe beside the first.

  All that day she roamed about the river shore and
contrived to meet altogether twenty love-sick swains,
each of whom, in his turn, listened to some variation
of the story of the new robe and parted with one 01
more nuggets of the treasure he was accumulating to
buy her from her father. Each was made to think he
was the favored suitor and that greatly strengthened
his generosity. Three times during the day when
the collection of nuggets under her robe threatened
to become conspicuous, she went down to the little
cove where she had been fruitlessly digging and
buried them.	g

  The last time she visited the cove, she stopped first
at her father’s palace and when she reached the
burial place of the treasure she took out from under
her robe a golden measure. She scooped out the

buried nuggets and piled them in this measure, then
reburied the whole.

  Again she kept the treasure hidden under the edge
of her robe so cautiously that we got no chance to
analyze it.

  By now it was sleep time again in the valley. But
the girl, instead of going directly home, strolled a
little way up the glen and sat down on a golden
boulder, as if waiting for some one,

  A few minutes later, steps were heard above her
and Grudga, her favored lover, swung himself down
the bank.

  She sprang to her feet and went to him in excite-
ment.

  “I must leave at once,” she whispered, drawing
close to him. “After you are sure all others are
asleep come here again and dig in the sands by the
river where I found the nugget that day. You will
find there the measureful you seek.”

  Then she turned and fled. Her lover, his face
shining with elation, left the glen in the opposite
direction and in a few moments all was silent in
the valley.

  I had been so absorbed by this clever plot that I
had forgotten to watch Priestley. But now, at this
final revelation of the character of his lovely lady
of Tantalus and this decided setback to his romance,
he arose and went abruptly to his room and closed
the door.

  “I think I’ll snatch a little sleep, too,” I said.
“Call me if there are any complications when the
young man digs up his treasure or if you get any
new clues.”

  I must have slept for some time when I was
awakened by an excited cry from Fleckner. Priestley
was already by the screen when I got there.

  “Nothing new has happened in the. valley,” Fleck-
ner explained, “but I’ve made a surprising discovery.
It isn’t a valley at all, but a great cave!

  “I put in another generator unit after you two
left me and tried the machine out again. I had a good
deal better control of it. I began exploring up and
down the cliffs with the rays and suddenly found that
where there should be blue sky overhead was a solid
roof of gold, about a thousand feet above the river
level. This roof is white-hot, probably from a molten
lava deposit above it, and that furnishes light and
heat to the inhabitants of the cave. There must be
openings to the air somewhere, but I haven’t dis-
covered them yet.

  “But that’s not the best of my discoveries. After
that I tried my ray direction indicator again and
found it working. The ray is pointing straight down.

  “Our Treasure of Tantalus is directly beneath our
very feet!”

CHAPTER XXV

Olanda’s Plot Overreaches

ROFESSOR FLECKNER’S delight at his
discovery was unbounded.

“Treasure of Tantalus!” he raved. “Here
we’ve been hunting for months to find the puny
stealings of the crime trust and right beneath us,
right under little old New York is treasure greater
than the present combined wealth of the world.
And, it’s ours, ours for the taking! Wait till I get
my instrument to working perfectly again and we’ll
TREASURES OF TANTALUS	787

make old Madga our slave. He’ll bring cartloads of
gold and jewels to our door whenever we send for
him. I believe Chandler told the truth. He
wouldn’t be wasting time trying to be President if
he had known where this treasure lay.”

  “But,” I broke in, “do you really think this Madga
is the real head of the crime trust ? Why should he
need to direct a big organization for plundering
society when nature gave him such wealth?”

  “Ah, my boy!” Fleckner countered. “It was pow-
er he wanted. What is treasure without the power
it brings? He created his organization to give him
that power. He had to use wealth as a bait to make
them work for him. Why should he reveal his great
natural treasure-house or pay them out of it when
he could make them steal their own pay and then
hand it over to him to keep as well? The stealing
was just to jolly them along. You see, he employed
the same methods that he is using below ground
with this mysterious other Treasure by which he
rules his barbarous followers!”

  “And those other people in the cave, who are
they?” I persisted.

  “Oh, doubtless the green men are prehistoric sav-
ages who got lost underground ages ago. The white
men are probably descended from early white set-
tlers who wandered into the cave and also got lost.
But I must get busy and tinker up this old machine
so I can find the entrance to our cave of Tantalus.”
While Fleckner worked over the telephonoscope
controls, Priestley, more restless than ever, was un-
able to sit still two minutes in succession. I could
read his thoughts in his transparent countenance as
easily as though he had spoken them. The duplicity
of the beautiful Olanda had not destroyed his infatu-
ation. He was consumed with a fever to get to her
before the lover she so far favored could reap the
fruits of her trickery and claim her from her father.
If the Professor was right in his conclusions, Priest-
ley might be able within a few hours to present him-
self before her in person. '

  I confess that I myself was more than half con-
vinced and not a little anxious to bring on the
denouement. To mitigate my impatience, I whiled
away the time by reading the newspapers, which in
our excitement over the affairs of Tantalus, we had
neglected for some days.

  Professor Fleckner’s preoccupation with other
matters and his inability any longer to use his tele-
phonoscope at will had, of course, removed his guid-
ing hand from the malicious activities of the crime
trust for many days.

  But a glance at the papers showed that the reign
of terror he had started had gone on under its own
m6mentum, increasing like a snowball rolling down
a hill. It was to be assumed that organized trust
activities had ceased, as the gang would not dare to
act without its leader’s orders. But the publicity
given to the series of inspired robberies and black-
mailing plots had evidently stirred to life the morally
defective traits of many individuals all over the globe
who had not been enrolled in the organization. For
the papers teemed each day with reports of a world-
wide crime wave.

  The distrust in banks and business corporations that
he had started had grown until the nations were in the
throes of a financial panic. Countless business and
bank failures were noted. Unemployment for the first
time in half a century had again become epidemic.

  In the political world the results were even more
serious. The two or three instances of apparent
bad faith on the part of statesmen, manufactured by
the professor, had set the imagination of the poli-
ticians to work. No one any longer trusted any one
else. Dissensions were breaking out everywhere be-
tween the component nations of the League. The
League Council wa$ rent with strife. It looked as
though the permanence of the League itself were
threatened and as if another world war were im-
minent.

  A minor phase of the activities of Fleckner’s
Frankenstein was an epidemic of reports of dis-
appearing persons, started by the kidnaping of the
twelve men who knew the telephonoscope secret. »

  Every man, woman or child who was lost sight
of by family or business associates for a few hours
was reported kidnaped. Miss Stimson’s disappear-
ance had been noted in lurid headlines among others.

  I had nearly finished my reading when, on the
front page of the paper of the day before there
leaped before my eyes a story that at first amused
me greatly in spite of my heartsickness over the tales
of havoc I had been digesting. Then, as I read it
through, I was filled with consternation. This was
the headline.

WORLD FAMOUS SCIENTIST REPORTED
AMONG MISSING

Professor Rufus Fleckner, Celebrated Inventor,

Believed Kidnaped by South American Bandits
—Last Seen in Northern Chile

  The fiction of a trip through the Andes which
Fleckner had arranged as an alibi, by projecting his
image into various South American cities and giving
out interviews there, had proved a boomerang.

  There was a sensational interview with Dr. Bon-
stelle of Columbia University in which he told of
the telephone call from Professor Fleckner and the
strange language he had consulted him about. Hear-
ing nothing from Fleckner after his second phone
call, Bonstelle, eager to learn more, had tried to get
in touch with the professor through brother scholars
in Chile. But when they attempted to trace him
from town to town, it had become apparent that he
had disappeared in the mountains. After he had
been missing for some time the Chileans became
alarmed, reported it to the government and searching
parties of soldiers were now beating the mountain
passes for news of him.

  Meanwhile his friends in New York had become
greatly exercised and now proposed asking the police
to break into his apartment to seek possible clues as
to'the itinerary he had planned.

  It was this last proposal that filled me with alarm.
I tried to show the article to Fleckner but he waved
me away so impatiently that I decided to wait a little
till I could get him to give his attention to the seri-
ousness of this new development.

  In case of a legalized attempt to enter his home,
Fleckner had counted on getting any such order
revoked by his hold on the legal machinery through
his power over crime trust agents. With the tele-
phonoscope out of control this, of course, was im-
possible.

I, therefore, became as interested as Fleckner and
Priestley in seeing the repairing of the instrument
788

AMAZING STORIES

hastened. He was now putting the finishing touches
on a new set of generators. "I watched with breath-
less eagerness while he was connecting them up. If
he found this time that he could now break the rays
away from the terrestrial current and use them at
will as before, I meant to show him the last news-
paper article I had read and warn him to take steps
at once to head off the proposed police raid on the
laboratory.

  But ju9t as he tightened the last screw of the new
battery, something happened on the screen that
diverted my attention from affairs on the surface of
the earth. I was destined to forget for some time
to come all newspapers and their sinister warnings.

  .Grudga, the favored suitor of Olanda, was stealth-
ily entering the little dell by the river to dig up, as
the girl had told him to do, the measure of “treasure”
that she had so craftily gathered and buried there.
He reached the point she had indicated and with
trembling eagerness dug in the sand with a golden
spade until he uncovered the measure the girl had
buried.

  He clutched it to his breast and drew a fold of his
tunic over it. Then as stealthily as he had come, he
started to leave the ravine.

  “Now, Olanda, dear heart, you are mine 1” he mur-
mured joyously.

  But at that the shrubbery parted and a sinister
figure stepped forth. Grudga stopped in alarm.

  “Hendriga, the half-breed!” he gasped.

  He turned to flee, but the other leaped forward
and bore him to the ground.

  The newcomer was a powerful figure, with the
heavy, muscular development of the green men, and
the tall, straight frame of the white men combined.
His hue was light but a slight greenish cast showed
the strain of inferior blood. His youthful features
were regular but their expression was one of cruel
cunning.

  “So Olanda is yours ?” he sneered. “Not while
Hendriga has power in his arms.”

  He clutched his mighty fingers into the throat of
his prostrate rival until the latter’s gasping breath
ceased. Then he transferred the measure of treasure
to his own tunic and contemptuously tossed the life-
less body into the stream.

  “Now Hendriga will claim the fair Olanda,” he
muttered as he walked swiftly away.

CHAPTER XXVI

Time Slips Its Cogs

  T was the voice of Priestley that first broke the
     spell of horror that held us.

    “We must stop him ! We must stop him! Try
the projector now!” he cried, leaping for the con-
trol-board.

  But Fleckner was ahead of him and already work-
ing frantically at the lever that might project our
images down and confront the fleeing murderer.

  It was of no use. The projector failed. Fleckner
had to content kioiself by following with his ray the
form of Hendriga who was now well on the way to
the house of Madga, his prospective father-in-law.

  The rest period was just ended. Beyond the
golden stockades could be heard the bustle of the
awakening household. The green men who had
stood guard during the rest period were about to
change watches with the work period guards. There

was a voluble chatter of greetings and" scraps of
gossip.

  Hendriga made known to the guard at the gate that
he wished to see Madga, the chief. While the guard
took the message within, the half-breed stood eagerly
eyeing the shining gold wicket as if he could ill re-
strain his impatience to state his triumphant errand.
We heard the shuffling steps of the guard returning
and heard him fumbling at the chain within.

  At that instant there was the snap of a broken
circuit in the network of the telephonoscope wires
under the control-board and the screen went blank.

  “A curse on that fuse !*’ Fleckner muttered, throw-
ing open the fuse-box, ripping out the melted metal
and slipping in a new one with the swift precision
of his practised fingers. “That added battery of
generators overloads the thing a little.”

  He made some rapid adjustments among the be-
wildering mass of coils and switches.

  “There, that’s better,” he announced. “I’ll get a
little more power in the ray now.”

  I had anxiously watchcd the clock while this was
going on. A shade less than three minutes passed
between the cutting off of the picture on the .screen
and the instant when it flashed back as' Fleckner
switched on the power of his repaired instrument.

  We stared in bewilderment. At first it seemed
that the ray must have shifted and given us an
entirely different outlook.

  But closer inspection showed the same outline of
overhanging precipice and the house in its deep cleft.
The dwelling was of the same form and size. The
river passed it at the same sweeping curve. There was
the same vista of the valley visible from the gate.

  Yet the gate which three minutes before had been
in perfect repair, now hung half open from a single
hinge. A broken bit of chain dangled from its
latch. The golden palings when we last saw them
had gleamed with the brilliancy of frequent polishing
by green-hued slaves. Now they were dull and bat-
tered, as from long neglect and lack of repair.

  The roadway in front of the house that had been
kept in perfect condition, showed great cracks and
worn gaps. What had been neat grass-plots be-
tween the road and the paling three minutes before
were patches of weeds. Between the palings and
the house, where before had been close-clipped
shrubbery, were big trees.

  And the sturdy, laughing voting guards, who had
stood alertly in front of the palings a moment be-
fore, some dozen strong, were all gone. In their
place there perched on a boulder by the gate a dirty,
dejected old man, looking more like a beggar than
a guard.

  What could it mean ? This could not be the same
place. Our rays must have been diverted by the
blowing out of the fuse. This must be another
near-by cavern, I conjectured, in which a prosperous
race had formerly dwelt. Perhaps Madga himself
had once lived there and built this house and later for
some reason moved to the other and strikingly simi-
lar valley and duplicated the structures in it. It
would not . be out of keeping with the other per-
formances of this strange master-defective. I voiced
these theories to Fleckner.

  “That may be,” he agreed. “I was thinking some-
thing of the sort myself. We’ll soon find out.”

  He started to swing the rays about and search for
another cave when we heard voices within the great
TREASURES OF TANTALUS

house, high-pitched, angry voices, speaking in the
now familiar tongue of the cavern.

  Fleckner sent our rays through the open gate past
the neglected garden into the house. His last addi-
tion to his generator power had enabled them once
more to penetrate surfaces.

  In the main hall were three people engaged in a
heated wrangle. There was something about each
of them strangely familiar yet weirdly different.
There was a middle-aged woman, tall and still slen-
der and fair of skin. Her features were strikingly
like those of Olanda, daughter of the chief. Indeed
she might well be the girl’s mother. But the ex-
pression of the face was hard, cold and petulant.

  The old, well-preserved man beside her was even
more like Madga, father of Olanda, than was the
woman like his daughter. His was the same erect
figure, arrogant bearing, and crafty, avaricious ex-
pression. The features seemed an almost exact
duplicate of Madga’s, save for more pronounced
lines of age. The only difference between them was
in their flowing hair and beard. Madga’s was rusty
gold. This man’s snowy white.

  And the third member was startlingly like Hen-
driga, the half-breed, excepting that he was older and
his hair streaked with gray.

THE first words of the woman startled and be-
wildered us even more than what we had already
seen.

  “You treat us like children, my father!” she com-
plained, facing the older man with blazing eyes.
“They call me Olanda, daughter of Madga, Chief of
the Valley. I am more like Madga’s slave. Not for
twenty years now have I so much as seen a bit of
'treasure,’ not since this creature bought me from
you.”

  We looked at each curiously, each wondering if
the others saw and heard the same thing.

  “Yes, he bought you dearly, worthless girl, and I
made well in the selling. You ask me for ‘treasure’
now? Have I not kept and clothed you both these
many years, and when did you pay me any ‘treasure’
for it?”

  “We have worked and slaved for you when your
old slaves fled from you because you abused them
and never gave them pay except useless promises of
‘treasure,’ ” the man broke in. “If I had not had
some of the blood of the green men in my veins and
been able to control them, therefore, they would have
murdered you long ago.”

  The woman looked at the speaker in loathing.

  “Don’t talk of murder, Hendriga,” she shuddered.
“I have not forgotten how you won me. And don’t
boast of your blood before me. T-”

  She broke off suddenly.

  “Enough of this,” she added in a whisper. “Here
come the children. It is not necessary that my beys
hear how their father won their mother by killing the
man she really loved.”

  “Nor how their mother furnished her purchase
‘treasure’ by robbing a score of other suitors,” he
retorted.

  At that three half-grown boys rushed into the
room.

  "Mother! Mother! Don’t let them get me!” cried
the smallest of the three, rushing up to the woman.

  “He’s found ‘treasure,’ mother,” one of the others

789

cried. “We’re just playing, you know. We’re rob-
bers, trying to steal it from him.”

  “What has the boy got?” demanded the old man
excitedly, snatching the chubby fist of the youngest
boy and prying out of it a small nugget.

  The old man gave one look at it and threw it
away in disgust.

  “Nothing but gold!” he muttered. “Will no one
ever give me any more treasure ?”

  At that there was another loud report under the
telephonoscope control-board, and again the screen
went blank.

  We sat and stared at each other for a full minute
without speaking. Priestley was trembling like a
man wth the ague. He was the first to break silence.

  “Did you two see and hear what I saw and
heard ?” he demanded.

  Fleckner, who was himself visibly agitated, looked
at me as if to read my face. I could only nod
dumbly.

  "We think we did,'’ Fleckner said at length.
“What it means I can't imagine.”

  He began mechanically to repair the blown-out
fuse, while Priestley and I communed with our be-
wildered thoughts.

  This time he took some fifteen minutes at the
work, and seemed in no hurry to turn back to that
sordid, maddening mystery of the underground.

  At length he threw on the current.

  “I put in a larger main cable,” he said. “It’ll
carry the current better and give the ray more
power.”

  The golden palace again flashed on the screen.
At the first glance we saw that still another change
had taken place. Now the road in front of the
building was almost obliterated. The palings were
torn away; the yard was a tangle of underbrush and
big trees that almost hid the house from sight.

  Fleckner handled the control levers in a half
daze. He sent the ray once more into the big room,
where we had just witnessed such a strange scene.

  Here we got another shock, for which, it is true,
the appearance of things on the outside had in a
measure prepared us. On a couch by the far wall
lay an emaciated old man gasping for breath. Twice
we looked before we recognized Madga, the chief.

  He looked as though twenty years had passed
since we had last seen him, erect and virile, scarcely
twenty minutes before.

  Beside him sat a gray-haired woman, a little bent,
a little wrinkled, but still strong and alert. Her
face was as cold and cruel as that of the aged wreck
on the couch. But it was, nevertheless, the face of
Olanda, the singer—Olanda suddenly grown old and
terrible by some malignant alchemy that left us
doubting whether, after all these years of scientific
skepticism, the Arabian tales of black niagic were not
the literal truth.

  “Food ! Food ! Olanda, give me food ! Will you
starve your old father to death?" quavered the sick
man.

  “I will,” answered the harsh, cold voice of the
metamorphosed Olanda. “You get no food till you
tell me where you have hidden the treasure. This is
the last time T’ll ask you. Tell me now or I’ll leave
you to die.”

  “I give up,” he gasped. “Lean close, or your
sons may hear.”

  She bent over him, while he whispered something
790

AMAZING STORIES

we could not catch. Then she arose and sped from
the room, not seeming to hear the feeble cry from
the couch of “Food! Food!”

  In the next room four people awaited her eagerly.
One, Hendriga, now an old man, still erect and
sturdy, ugly, malignant, avaricious as ever. The
others were men in early middle life, fine of form
and regular of features, but in the complexion of
each a faint touch of green hue and in their coun-
tenances a predominant expression of cruel avarice.

  They were young dandies in dress, tunics, trousers,
and sandals new and bedecked with glittering gems.
About the head of each was a circlet of gold, each
bearing over the forehead a single great gem, one a
diamond, one a ruby, and one an emerald. So closely
did they resemble each other that they could be dis-
tinguished only by these gems.

  Olanda looked at her husband, then at the younger
men.

  “My sons,” she said haughtily, “leave us. I wish
to speak to your father alone.”

  The three young men glanced at each other ques-
tioningly and nodded with secret understanding. He
of the diamond circlet acted as spokesman.

  “No,” he said firmly, addressing his father. “We
can no longer be ordered about like children. The
old man, our grandfather, has told you where he has
stored the treasure. That is not a secret for your
keeping. The old man’s life is done. Let him die.
You, too, are old, and could not rule for many years.
You have already shown yourselves unfit to rule as
we believe this valley should be ruled. The green
slaves have fled. Our white race, too, has nearly
deserted us.

  “We have decided to take the rule into our own
hands and bring back the old days of prosperity.
You will tell us the secret of the treasure. We will
take it and use it rightly. Don’t deny us. You are
but two and old, and one a womali. We are three
young, strong men.

  “We have already barred the windows. Tell us
where the treasure is or we will go out and bar the
door, and leave you here to starve as you have
starved our grandfather. We will leave you now for
a little time to think it over, and will return for our
answer.-”

  As the three unnatural sons strode out of the room,
the fuse of the telephonoscope again blew out and
left the screen in darkness.

CHAPTER XXVII

After a Thousand Years

TO me it was an intense relief when the break-
ing down of the instrument gave us another
respite from watching this tragic, sordid
miracle unfold. I was limp with horror and amaze-
ment. Yet, shaken as I was myself, my pity went
out to Priestley. He had seen his high ideal dashed
down.

  “It simply can’t be! It’s absurd, utterly impos-
sible! And yet- Tell me, Blair, what did you

see? I wonder if I’ve been dreaming.”

I shook myself together and considered my answer.

  “I saw, or seemed to see,” I replied finally, “a
generation pass in less than an hour, fifty years of
time roll away in a flash, characters changed in a
twinkling from fresh, youthful innocence to sordid

age, through the evil influence of a perverted lust
for material wealth.”

  “Did you see that, too, Professor Fleckner?”
Priestley asked.

  Fleckner looked at me searchingly. I think my
reference to the degeneration of character stung him
a little.

   “I seemed to,” he admitted. “Or else I was look-
ing upon some equally mysterious picture prophecy
of events to be, or perhaps what some hidden prophet
believes they will be.”

   “Then we have all been hypnotized !” Priestley ex-
claimed. “I wonder, if Olanda ever existed or if she
was merely a dream picture of some one’s imagin-
ing?”

  “The answer to that is our complete cinema and
phonograph records,” the professor reminded him.
“You can’t hypnotize a wax disk or a celluloid film.”

   As if to verify his own faith, he tried several of
the familiar records, one or two of them reproducing
the scenes in which time had apparently slipped a cog.

  “There is no doubt that the pictures we thought
we saw on the screen and the sounds we thought we
heard, we really did see and hear. I’m beginning to
wonder, however, if we have not been the victims of
some colossal hoax, though what it may be I can’t
imagine. Depend upon it, nevertheless, miracles
don’t happen. This thing has a natural explanation,
and I'm going to find it.”

  “Why not consult Miss Stimson?” I asked, sud-
denly remembering the clever young woman who was
>supposedly listening in and watching over her auxil-
iary telephonoscope. “Feminine intuition, coupled
with a brain as clever as hers might have some good
suggestions to offer.”

  “Thank you, Mr. Blair; I heard that,” came her
voice from the screen. “I have seen and heard the
same things as you gentlemen, apparently. Perhaps
I’m silly, but here’s what I thought might be the
explanation. Perhaps we’ve been simply looking at
a motion-picture show. No, I’m not joking. Some
one in the crime trust may have learned of the tele-
phonoscope, and with the aid of a clever scientist,
invented a counter-instrument that has caught and
held your telephonoscope ray.

   “Then they may have conceived the idea of getting
up this fantastic film picture with the idea of baffling
and bewildering you. They could put it on a screen
in front of your ray and get the effect, couldn’t
they?”

  “They could, my dear young lady,” Fleckner
agreed, “but they didn’t. Pictures of dummy gold
and diamonds would not respond to the spectrum
test. That cave of gold is real, as I proved when we
first saw it.”

   “That might be,” she persisted, “and at the same
time they could stage a picture play there, couldn’t

they ?”

   “Well,” Fleckner agreed, “improbable as your sug-
gestion seems, at least it has a scientific basis and
isn’t as absurd as the jumping ahead fifty years in
time that we seemed to see. I’ll get my instrument
going again and try to test that theory out a little.
I’m hoping I’ll be able to get a second ray in opera-
tion and work it independently of the first. Then I
can locate our picture again, and, by placing the
second ray around it, discover if there are any stage-
trappings or other trickery.”
TREASURES OF TANTALUS

791

IT was nearly an hour this time before the instru-
ment was again ready for use. Fleckner made
several readjustments. Finally he turned on the ray
and disclosed once more the dilapidated golden palace
as we had seen it last. There had been no great slip
in the passage of time since our last view, for in the
big sealed-up room where their unnatural sons had
imprisoned them we still found old Olanda and her
half-breed husband.

  Nevertheless, more time seemed to have elapsed
in the picture story than the clock on our laboratory
wall showed, for the old couple had the appearance
of having starved for several days. They were weak
and emaciated. The arrogance had gone from their
countenances.

  “I can stand it no longer,” Olanda whispered.
“When our sons return again we must tell them the
hiding-place of the treasure and beg for food."

  “Yes, I suppose we must—curse them!” Hendriga
muttered feebly.	*

  Fleckner had been adjusting his reflection-spec-
trum analyzer and testing the materials reflected in
the picture.

  “See!” he exclaimed. “Those materials are real
gold and precious stones and actual human flesh.
If we were looking at photographs reflected on a
screen at the other end the analyzer would show
nothing but the material in the canvas of their screen.

  “We’ll check it another way now if I can work
the rotater of the ray end after that last readjust-
ment. We’ll be able to look in turn at all sides of
the bodies in the picture and determine if they are
solid or merely flat reflections.”

  He tried the rotation control, and this time the
ray responded perfectly. The room and the two
wretched occupants slowly revolved on the screen,
showing the scene from every angle.

“No doubt of it!” Fleckner concluded. “We’re
looking at a real spectacle containing real people.”
“But,” protested the voice of Miss Stimson from
the other apartment, “it may be play-acting for our
benefit, nevertheless.”

  “Well,” said Fleckner, “let’s try a second ray on
the outside of the house.”

  He turned on a second ray, and, as he had hoped,
it worked independently of the first. Keeping the
interior on one end of the screen, we showed the
outside of the house on another section.

  But now another amazing change had taken place.
Inside of the house seen by the first ray was still the
period of Madga’s death and Olanda’s and Hen-
driga’s old age, and their sons’ middle age. Outside
the house was the state in which we had seen it that
day when we had found Olanda and her husband,
then in early middle life and their sons small boys.
There was even the single old green-hued slave
guarding the half-broken gate.

  While we were wondering at this, we were struck
with new amazement. Around the corner of the
house came the middle-aged Olanda, her three little
boys playing around her.

  By now our capacity for experiencing the emotion
of amazement had been overstrained. We gazed
dully at the parallel pictures of the sturdy, matronly
Olanda without, and the aged, emaciated Olanda
within.

  Even as we looked, there entered into the picture
of the interior of the room, by way of our first ray,
the three grown-up sons to make final demand for

revelation of the secret from their aged parents, and
at the same time outside of the house, seen over the
second ray, were those same sons, innocent children
playing around their mother’s robe.

  In this strange underground world it would seem
that time did not merely leap forward with lightning
speed, but in some places leaped back again. But
Professor Fleckner had suddenly lost his late bewil-
derment. He was manipulating his levers with an
intent eagerness. I knew the old scientist was on
the trail of a clue to this puzzle.

  “I’m going to swing in a third ray,” he muttered
half to himself.	»

  At once another section of the great cave valley
appeared seen through the third ray on the other
end of the screen. And here time had slipped back
still another notch. The valley, once more spruce,
trim, and prosperous, was teeming with the life we
had first seen there.

  Fleckner shifted this first ray about till he located
the little ravine where we had first seen Olanda.
Again our ears were enchanted by that marvelous
song, and again we saw her in the beauty of her
fresh maidenhood, and, beside her, her murdered
lover returned to life.

  At this Priestley leaped to his feet, his face aglow
with incredulous joy. I think for the moment he
was half mad. He seemed to have forgotten our
presence.

  “Olanda! Olanda!” he cried. “I knew I’d see
you again. The rest has been a bad dream!” He
recovered himself immediately. “Let me handle that
third ray,” he pleaded. “I—I want to watch her a
little.”

  •	“Go as far as you like, my boy,” Fleckner con-
ceded. “I think by increasing the strength of that
ray you can follow the lady right back to her infancy
if you wish. For I’m sure I’ve solved the riddle.”

  But this was lost to Priestley, who was raptly
watching the picture of his Lady of Tantalus living
her life over again.

  I watched the professor with intense curiosity
while he set down elaborate calculations on his desk-
pad, stopping now and then to make readings of ray
directions and strength on his instrument dials.

  At length he looked up and regarded Priestley
curiously, a touch of pity in his hard, old face.

  “I’ve got it,” he said quietly. “Our cave of Tan-
talus and its treasure and its people are not on our
earth at all, but on a distant planet so far away that
it takes its light a thousand years to reach us. Priest-
ley, my boy, I’m sorry. Your Olanda was very real
once, but she lived her life and died a thousand
years ago.”

CHAPTER XXVIII

Fleckner Dethroned

<<~W"IKE everything else, it’s very simple when
; you understand it,” the professor went on,

  -1—^ while we stared at him stupidly, unable to
grasp his astounding statement. “I wouldn’t have
been deceived So long if I had kept track of the di-
rection our rays were turned after I got the control
apparatus restored.

  “You see, the first time I got the direction of our
ray and found it pointing straight down, I jumped
to the conclusion that our Tantalus land was in the
792

TREASURES OF TANTALUS

bowels of the earth directly underneath us. That
idea seemed to be confirmed by our finding that land
to be located in a great cave. I was so absorbed in
our treasure hunt that it didn’t occur to me to test
the ray direction again until a few minutes ago.
Then I found it pointing straight up.

  “I knew at once that our cave of Tantalus was on
mother heavenly body than ours. Our earth had of
course swung around in its orbit and revolved on its
axis, and the direction, naturally, was changing con-
stantly.

  “In a flash the whole explanation of the apparently
miAculous shifting back and forth of time came to
me. I was right in believing that a general electrical
current had caught and held our feebler ether ray
out of control. But instead of a mere earth current
it was a great interstellar torrent of electrical energy.

  “Now, the ether wave motion that carries light,
electricity, and other radio manifestations, as every
student of physics knows, travels at the rate of one
hundred and eighty-six thousand miles a second.
That is practically instantaneous, for all ordinary dis-
tances, but distances between stars are another mat-
ter. Some stars are so far away that it takes cen-
turies for light to reach us from them.

  “Such a star is this one on which our cave is
located. By certain computations based on the known
power of my various rays and the lapses in time be-
tween the visions they showed, I have found that
sights and sounds that started over the ether waves
from this star—Tantalus we’ll call it—a thousand
years ago would j-ust be reaching us now, a thousand
years after they happened.

  “Well, our rays from the telephonoscope, which is
variable in speed according to its intensity, shot out
into space against this current only a comparatively
short distance at first, perhaps twenty light years.
In other words, it picked up the scenes and sounds
from Tantalus only a little before the ether waves
bearing them would naturally reach the earth. Our
ray with its vastly greater speed transferred those
scenes to our screen practically instantly. They hap-
pened to be the scenes of Olanda’s youth.

  “Then I doubled the power of our ray, and it shot
out twenty light years farther and gathered scenes
coming over the ether waves twenty years later, all
in an instant. Again I increased its speed another
twenty light years, and in an instant we saw Olanda
as an old woman.

  “Just now we set three rays of three different
lengths and speeds at work. As a result we saw the
same general locality in Tantalus in three different
periods at once.

  “But now I must readjust the rays to still higher
speed and watch Olanda’s sons claim the grand-
father’s wealth. I must find out what is that
mysterious Treasure of Tantalus that is so much
more precious than gold and jewels. It may give us
a hint of something valuable on our earth that we
have overlooked. I want to see, too, what success
those three young men had in rehabilitating their
valley.”

  Thus while Priestley and I sat, still overwhelmed
by this stupendous revelation of vast spaces and the
solemn moral lesson that had been borne to us Over
the bridge of a thousand dead years, the old scientist
dismissed the marvel with a contemptuous wave of
the hand and set out again on the trail of his sordid
curiosity. He fell to work at the adjusting of his in-

strument, at first with methodical precision; but I
noticed presently that his hands trembled and that he
was laboring under suppressed excitement.

  The work didn’t proceed smoothly. He made
little mechanical slips more and more frequently, and
had to undo and repeat parts of his work. He would
fly into a rage each time this happened. I fell to
studying his face. I noted for the first time how
haggard and deathly pale he had become from weeks
of neglect of sleep and proper food, during which his
brain had been continually afire with his mad obses-
sion.

  At length he threw on the power of the ray section
he had been working on, and it failed to work at all.
He had forgotten to replace a perfectly simple con-
nection of one of the main cables.

  At that he flew into a still more violent rage. He
thrashed about the laboratory, waving his arms in
the air and snarling inarticulately like a maddened
animal. Priestley, John, and I leaped to our feet
and stood hack in alarm. The man was evidently
mad.

  Suddenly he stopped short in the middle of the
floor and clasped his head tensely between his hands.

  “My mind has failed me!” he shrieked. “I can’t
find the treasure! The sons of Olanda will hide it
from me! I can’t-”

  He swayed, and before any of us could catch him,
he fell forward on his face and lay there, deathly
quiet.

GENTLY we raised the gaunt figure, now so
completely powerless, and laid him on the bed
in his own room. He was breathing heavily, but
was unconscious.

  In this emergency, Priestley became the embodi-
ment of cool, masterful efficiency. He despatched
John to the drug-closet for a stimulant and admin-
istered it. The professor revived partially under its
influence and began muttering incoherently.

  “Go and release Miss Stimson, John,” Priestley
directed next. “We need an emergency nurse at once,
and only a woman will answer. You stay in the
room here with her to help in case he gets violent.

  “Now we must get a doctor in immediately. We’ve
got to throw secrecy to the wind, and before the
doctor arrives, we’ve got to get up a plausible story
to account for things. I’ll start off by calling a doc-
tor and giving him a yarn.”

  At this moment Miss Stimson returned with John.
I could not see clearly what effect her long confine-
ment and intense excitement had on that remarkable
young woman, for her face was, as usual, partly ob-
scured by the green eye-shade. I felt a wave of
tenderness and embarrassment pass over me when I
saw her once more, but tny heart sank again with the
old hopelessness when I perceived that she scarcely
noticed me, but was shyly studying Priestley’s alert
face.

  But he was already calling up Dr. Arthur Thorn-
dyke, who, he learned from the girl, was Fleckner’s
physician. We waited with breathless interest, to
hear what explanation he would give the doctor.

  "Dr. Thorndyke,” he said when he reached the
physician, “this is Thomas Priestley—yes, Thomas
Priestley, the very same, the man who’s wanted by
the district attorney. What’s that? Oh, doiv’t let
that worry you. I’m going to give myself up as soon
as I can. I’m the victim of a conspiracy, that’s all.
TREASURES OF TANTALUS

708

I'll clear myself easily enough. It's a long story, and
I’ll tell you all about it later. This is professional
confidence now.

  “I’ve been kept prisoner by the conspirators
who’ve been using Professor Rufus Fleckner’s apart-
ment as a rendezvous and prison for me ever since
the professor went to South America on his trip.
They waylaid the professor in Chile and kidnaped
him, too. He escaped and got back last night by
airplane. The bunch here fled when they found he’d
escaped.

  “Now we want you up here at once, please. Pro-
fessor Fleckner’s experience knocked him out. He
collapsed a few minutes ago. He’s unconscious and
in a critical condition. You’ll be right up? Thank
you.

  “Now,” he said, as soon as he’d hung up, “get
James and John and the cook in here, and we’ll
frame up our story. Well,” he went on, when we
were all present, “it’s obvious we can’t reveal the true
story of the crime trust. That would create worse
world-wide panic even than already exists.

  “Consequently we can’t give Fleckner’s perform-
ances away, even if we wanted to. We don’t want
to. If he dies, there’s no use in disgracing the
memory of a great scientist whose mind temporarily
went wrong. If he lives we’ll need him to help undo
the harm he has done.

  “Now our story, I suggest, should be this: We’ll
admit the existence of a band of criminals, but we’ll
profess to know nothing of their identity. We’ll
give no hint that any prominent persons were in-
volved. We’ll allege that they learned of Professor
Fleckner’s invention, the telephonoscope, and wanted
to make use of it. They had to get everybody out
of the way who knew about it., They learned- that
the professor and Blair, here, were starting for
South America, so that automatically disposed of
them. They hatched up a charge against me to make
my disappearance plausible, and then kidnaped Miss
Stimson and me out from under the nose of the law
and hid us here after Fleckner went. Then they
meantime captured the twelve other gentlemen who
knew the secret.

  “When the criminals’ representatives, sent to
South America to keep track of the professor,
learned he was about to return they kidnaped him
and Blair. They escaped and returned here last
night by airplane, entering, by the roof, of course,
and surprising the gang here, who promptly fled.

  “That makes it possible to give out the secret of
the telephonoscope and explain in a measure the mis-
chief it has wrought, but put the blame on an un-
known person. We have several tangled situations
to unravel and several mysteries to solve. We must
move with extreme caution, and, I’m afraid, practise
some justifiable deception, or we will do more harm
than good.

  “First, the telephonoscope itself. What shall we
do with it? We’ve seen the terrible results of this
power to invade privacy. Shall we force Fleckner
to destroy it and let his secret die with him ?

  “Then what shall we do with the crime trust? If
we expose it and its entire personnel we’ll smite
every community in the country with tragedy and
disgrace. We’ll fill the world with even greater dis-
trust than at present. We must find some way to
stop its evil activities without creating a revolution in
the present social organization by exposing it.

  “We must restore the plunder of the trust. We
have three mysteries to solve there: Was there a man
higher up than Chandler? Where is the secret plun-
der of the old trust? Where is the plunder that
Fleckner gathered?

  “Then there is the problem of retiring the im-
mense amount of counterfeit money in the country
without causing further financial panic.

  “Now, in order that I may be free to help solve
these mysteries and the problems involved, I’m going
to give myself up to the district attorney at once, get
released on bail, and have my trial put off until
Fleckner is well enough to testify, in case he lives
and his reason is restored.

  “Now the doctor will be here at any moment. Is
our story all straight? Are there any other prob-
lems we haven’t thought of ?”

  I looked at Miss Stimson at that moment, and
again caught her shy glance toward Priestley. I
thought then there was a serious heart problem that
promised to be the most difficult of all in the solving.

CHAPTER XXIX

Priesdey Heads the Crime Trust

OF all the lurid tales that had filled the papers
since the beginning of Professor Fleckner’s
reign of terror, none created a greater sen-
sation than those which followed his breakdown. I
had returned to my own paper that afternoon, and
had the great glory and poor satisfaction of writing
the first story. The fact that I was scoring the big-
gest “beat” in my newspaper career was entirely off-
set in my own mind by the knowledge that for the
first time in thai humble career I had perpetrated a
“fake.” I assure the reader that the writing of this
true history after all these years has been a great
relief to my conscience.

  After outlining briefly in my introduction the story
Priestley had suggested, I told how our party, after
being kidnaped in the Andes by supposed Chilean
bandits, had discovered that our captors were New
York gangsters, whose names, however, we had not
learned. We had escaped in a running fight during
which we had killed the leaders of the gang.

  We had returned the whole distance to New York
by plane and surprised another section of the gang
in Fleckner’s apartments. They had been so taken
by surprise that they had fled.

  Then followed a description of Professor Fleck-
ner’s great invention, the telephonoscope. All the
mysterious invasions of the world’s privacy in recent
months were attributed to the unauthorized use of
that instrument by the gang while occupying his
apartment in his absence.

  I told of the capture of Priestley, Ruth Stimson,
and the twelve men who knew of the telephonoscope.
All these prisoners, T went on to relate, had been
found in the Fleckner group of apartments and re-
leased. The twelve capitalists had been kept drugged
and could tell nothing of how they got there or what
happened.

  Dr. Thorndyke was quoted as having found Pro-
fessor Fleckner suffering from a complete nervous
collapse and temporary insanity. The doctor, how-
ever, predicted his gradual recovery.

  The rest of the story hinged on Priestley. The
afternoon following Dr. Thomdvke’s visit, he had
794

AMAZING STORIES

called at the district attorney’s office and given him-
self up. He had been arraigned, pleaded not guilty,
and released on heavy bail to be tried when Fleckner
was able to testify.

  To the district attorney, Priestley confided that he
and Miss Stimson had overheard some things which
led him to believe that, given time, he would be able
to make certain that the criminal band had been
broken up and possibly restore much of the loot of
the recent epidemic of thieving, as he believed most
of it had been accomplished by that gang.

  Priestley promised to bring this about by organiz-
ing a secret .detective corps and following up the
clues he had picked up while a prisoner of the gang.
He pledged half of his fortune, if need be, to the
task.

  The district attorney, at Priestley’s request, as-
signed Assistant District Attorney Winter, secret
member of the Upper Council of Three of the crime
trust, to assist Priestley in this work.

  The conversation that took place a little later be-
tween Priestley and that crime trust representative in
the latter’s private office in the Criminal Courts
Building was a memorable one to .both of them.

  “Mr. Winter,” Priestley said when they were
alone, “for your own good, much more than mine,
I warn you before I begin that there must be no
record made of this conversation and no eavesdrop-
ping. So you will kindly disconnect your dicto-
graph.”

  They sat looking each other hard in the eyes for
a moment. What,Winter saw, in the face of his
vis-a-vis taught him discretion. He smiled a little
sheepishly, opened a drawer in his desk, and threw
off a secret switch.

  “Now do you feel better?” he asked with a forced
attempt at gaiety.

  “No, not exactly,” Priestley replied evenly, “but in
a minute you will feel not quite so badly as you would
if you realized that other ears or eyes than yours
were going to take in what I'm about to say. Per-
haps you’ll understand what I mean when I say that
I am the head of the crime trust.”

  “What!” cried Winter leaping to his feet.

  He was too surprised and alarmed to think of
pretending not to understand.

  “Sit down and don’t get excited, Mr. Winter,”
Priestley adjured him. “All you have to do is to
listen and obey. I’ll do the talking.

  “When I say I am the head of the crime trust I
don’t mean that I am the original head. I am a
usurper of late date. I have overthrown your secret
chief and have him entirely in my power. I know
all of his secrets. Furthermore I have on file a
complete list, with records of each, of every mem-
ber of the secret organization. I have also an inter-
esting collection of photographs and phonographic
records of various crime trust episodes and con-
ferences. These might interest you as samples.”

  He laid on the desk before Winter some of the
photographs Fleckner had shown Chandler that
memorable night when the Professor had taken over
the leadership of the crime trust, omitting, of course,
the ones in which Chandler himself was portrayed.

  With trembling hands Winter turned them over
one by one.

  Well, he said at last, “this is rather convincing.
I assure you I will give you the same loval service I
gave the old chief, whoever he was. I hope you will

overlook the treatment that was given you while you
were prisoner. I was not personally responsible for
that.”

   Priestley raised a deprecating hand.

  “We’ll overlook that,” he said. “I’ve picked you
because for many months now I have been studying
you over Professor Fleckner’s telephonoscope, which
you’ve just heard me describe to the district attorney.
I’ve made up my mind you are the best man to act
as my lieutenant.”

  Winter began to regain his poise at this.

  “I’m sure I’m glad I have your confidence,” he
said.

  “Now let me explain further,” Priestley went on.
“A complete set of such photographs as this, together
with moving pictures of the episodes they are taken
from and phonographic records of conversations,
and also a full list of all trust members with their
careers, is in the hands of each one of a little group
I’m working with. Also several sets are in safe-
deposit under control of trustees with instructions
to open and publish them if anything happens to me
or any one of our group.

  “So any attempt on the part of the old organiza-
tion to put me or any of my associates out of the way
will be automatically punished by exposure. And if
that happens, God pity you. The public will never
let you get as far as a prison farm. You’d be torn
•to shreds by a mob. Any refusal to carry out my
orders will lie likewise punished. We’ll know be-
cause we 11 keep you checked up with the telephono-
scope.”

  “I understand,” Winter replied humbly. “Tell me
what you want me to do. I have no choice in the
matter.”

  “There’s where I have a surprise for you,” Priest-
ley went on. “From this moment on the crime trust
is going to cease being a criminal organization and
become a secret association for the enforcement of
law and recovery of stolen property, organized by
mysel f and my associates, as far as the general public
will know, and cooperating with the New York
County District Attorney's office through you. A
single criminal act by any member hereafter will
mean instant exposure of his past record.”

  Winter leaped to his feet, his face alight with in-
credulous joy.

  “Do you mean that, Mr. Priestley? I can’t tell
you how glad I am to hear it. I’m sure a lot of the
rest of us will feel the same way. We made one little
slip once and attracted the attention of the organiza-
tion. We got caught in the net and couldn’t escape.”

  “I’m glad to hear you say that,” Priestley replied
heartily. “Now it’s up to you to pass the word along
to every last man. But you've all got to atone for
your past. You have all been receiving a share of
the crime trust profits. You must restore it, every
man of you. Set the machinery of the organization
in motion. Call for a report of money transferred
to every branch and demand it back, by instalments,
where necessary; but get it. Have each consignment
go by van at night •to Point No. 20, in Putnam
County, where that $2,000,000 treasure van was lost.
A van manned by men from the district attorney’s
office will meet it there and bring it into one of the
trust companies which you will name as repository.

  “Meantime compile a list from all over the coun-
try of every one who has been robbed since the
crime trust began operation. Announce that our
TREASURES OF TANTALUS

795

secret agents are locating the lost plunder through
crooks who have turned State’s evidence, and begin
paying back the money in instalments as fast as it
comes in.”

  “But,” Winter demurred, “much of our money is
counterfeit.”

  “I’ve thought of that,” Priestley admitted, “but it
can’t be told from real. To announce publicly that
our paper money had been inflated by such an enor-
mous amount of indistinguishable counterfeit stuff
would complete our present panic, depreciate our
currency almost to the vanishing point, destroy all
confidence in our government issues and create gen-
eral financial ruin. No. We must simply stop the
counterfeiting plant at Fall River, utterly destroy it,
and then let our present currency run its course.
It will rectify itself when I discover the secret
hiding-place of the stolen gold and we get it back
into circulation. When the acute danger has passed
a few years from now, we can use indirect methods
to get the government to retire all present issues
gradually. That’s the best policy.

  “Now I’ll leave you to carry out these orders while
I get after the hiding-place of the crime trust’s treas-
ure. I’ll admit that the old head of the trust hasn’t
revealed it yet, but he’s in my power and he’ll do so
rather than face exposure. Then I’ll begin to ship
gold to Point No. 20, and let you know when to
meet it.”

  This interview with Winter, Priestley reported to
me in detail, but of course I printed only the version
meant for public consumption. A few days later I
had the pleasure of publishing the first results of
the new regime of the former crime trust under the
leadership of Priestley, when the first vanload of
restored money was met at the trysting-place by
the district attorney’s men. Winter had some trouble
getting his chief, the district attorney, to agree to
Priestley’s terms that the criminals who were sup-
posed to have turned State’s evidence should not
have their identity revealed, but he finally conceded
the point.

  The radical element of the public, however, were
loud in criticism of this blind following of an in-
dicted man. Some radical papers even hinted that
Priestley had guilty knowledge of the original thefts.
To the day of his death, my old friend suffered from
this suspicion but refused to let me write the truth
in his vindication as long as he or the other prin-
cipals in this secret episode were alive.

  He was soon cleared of the technical charge
against him, however. When it became apparent
that Fleckner would be a very sick man mentally
and physically for many weeks to come, Priestley’s
counsel consented to go to trial without his testi-
mony. The evidence of the rest of us proved suffi-
cient and Priestley was acquitted. It was ruled, that
the long distance method he used for getting his
cousin’s signature to the release of his fortune was
valid and the telephonoscope was thus given a definite
standing under the law.

CHAPTER XXX

Treasures Revealed

BUT all this time the mystery that had baffled
us so long, the puzzle that had unseated
Fleckner’s reason, remained as much a mys-
tery as ever. We were no nearer than eyer to locat-

ing the hidden wealth of the crime trust. For that
matter the second collection of loot gathered and
hidden by Fleckner himself, during the months of
his regime, proved as elusive.

  Our earthly Treasures of Tantalus were still as
much out of our reach as that mysterious treasure of
the star Tantalus a thousand light years away.

  Between us and those great stores of hidden wealth
were the disordered minds of two sick men, Chandler
and Fleckner.

  For the ex-President-elect was still pitifully weak,
though convalescing, and common humanity forbade
our applying threats to him in the hope of getting a
clue to the funds of his old organization.

  As for Professor Fleckner, he had occasional lucid
intervals, as he gradually grew stronger in body, but
all inquiry regarding his secrets at such times threw
him into a fury which resulted in a relapse into irra-
tionality. So Ruth Stimson, who continued to care
for him as tenderly as though he were her father,
finally forbade our troubling him further.

  The old' man grew very fond of her and never
wanted her out of his sight. One night, after he had
been restless and almost violent at times, he settled
down at last for a fitful sleep, muttering deliriously
now and then.

  “Ruth! Ruth!” he whispered suddenly, half rous-
ing.

  She bent over him solicitously.

  “Yes. What is it?”

  “I can’t keep it from ,you any longer. You’ve
been so good to me. It’s under the old mill race near
where the treasure van was lost that time. It’s all
yours.”

  Then he fell into the first natural sleep he had en-
joyed since his attack.

  The reader will recall that Fleckner’s two men,
John and James, had, according to his statement
when he first boasted to us of his stealing of the
treasure van, assisted in hiding that loot. Afterwards
he had evidently arranged with another agent by way
of the telephonoscope. But John and James had de-
parted for parts unknown the moment the Professor
collapsed that day, so we got no chance to quiz them.

  However, they did not seem to have dared touch
any of the treasure, for Priestley’s agents found it
intact where Fleckner in his delirium indicated, and
it was presently back in its home vaults.

  That left the big mystery of the original treasure
to solve. There was also the problem of what should
be the future of the telephonoscope, which had
proven itself such a dangerous implement. Professor
Fleckner was convalescing now. He had never been
irrational again since he unconsciously gave away his
secret. He was still confined to his bed and was
gentle and affectionate with Ruth Stimson but cold
and uncommunicative toward us. He was evidently
unrepentant. He did not know yet that his treasure
had been restored to its owners and he still discussed
his schemes with Miss Stimson for finding the crime
trust loot, alternating this with speculation as to
what was finally accomplished by the three sons of
Olanda on Tantalus, the star, and what their mys-
terious treasure really was.

  It was a serious problem, then, as to what would
happen if the unrepentant Fleckner continued to use
his invention against the privacy of the world. There
was no law to prevent his so using it if he chose,
though now that his invention was known, he could
796

AMAZING STORIES

no longer employ it for criminal purposes. On the
other hand, if he turned it over to general use, what
mischief might not be done with it by an irrespon-
sible public?

  We were discussing these vexatious problems in
the laboratory one evening, Priestley, Ruth Stimson
and I. It had been a light day on the paper and I
was off early. Professor Fleckner was asleep and
Ruth had tiptoed out of his room and joined us.

  Priestley had turned the telephonoscope on
Chandler’s home earlier in the evening and found
him much improved in health. He was alone in the
house with two nurses and his servants. It was gen-
erally known that relations between him and his
family had become strained since his breakdown had
lost him his political honors. Mrs. Chandler was a
cold, selfish woman and their children shared her
disposition.

  Priestley was inclined to regard this as just retri-
bution for his sins, but Ruth was warmly sympathetic.
I recalled her strange visit to Chandler’s home that
time when she had procured Priestley’s release by
impersonating the President-elect. I also remem-
bered the night when she warned Chandler away
from the van when we were about to trace him to
His treasure-trove. I wondered what had been her
relations to the Chandler household and again re-
called my vague suspicion that she might once have
been a member of the crime trust herself.

  Priestley was arguing that now was the time to
appear before Chandler and compel him to give up
the secret of the treasure, or, if he was telling the
truth about a man still higher up, to force from him
some clue by which we might locate that person.

  “No!” Ruth demurred vehemently. “It isn’t the
best way to force people to do right. Better to per-
suade them. My woman’s intuition tells me that there
is no man higher up, that he really knows where
the treasure is and would like to get it off his soul.
I’m going to try it.”

  Wonderingly we watched her go to the telephono-
scope board and throw on one of the lesser rays
that had not been tuned up for the long distance work
on the star Tantalus. She found Chandler’s house
and in a moment she revealed him asleep in his
bedroom.

  Then she threw on the projector and stood in front
of it. It was dark in his room, but as you know, our
rays were independent of light that the eye can see.

  “Are you awake?” she asked gently.

  The man in the bed miles away opened his eyes
and stared unseeing into the darkness.

  “Who’s there?” he cried out.

  “It is I. Don’t be alarmed. 1 want to talk to
you,” she replied.

  “Agnes!” he exclaimed hoarsely. “Where are you ?
Am I asleep? Oh, I've wanted you so much lately
since they’ve left me alone. Oh, I loved you after
all. Have you forgiven me at last and come back?
Tt can’t be! I’m dreaming!”

  “No, you are not dreaming." the giri answered
with a little catch in her voice. “But I’m not Agnes.
Agnes has been dead ten long years. I’m Agnes’s
daughter and your daughter, Ruth.”

  Priestley and I started violently and stared at her
in amazement.

  “You are Ruth? Agnes is dead?” the sick man
was saying. “How did you get in ? Where have you
been all these years? Turn the light on so I can see

you! You were a little thing a year old when I left
your mother. Turn the light on so I can see you.”
“No,” she answered. “You can’t have a light now.
The nurse has forbidden it. You can see me in the
morning, if yo”. tell me what I want to know.”
“What .ust I tell you?” he asked tensely.

  "That you are sorry for the wrong you’ve done
:n the world and are ready to give back the money
you stole.”

  “You know about that!” he gasped.

  "Everything,” she said, “except where the money
is. I want to help you give it back.”

  He was silent for a long time.

  “Will you tell me?” she prompted.

  “I can’t give it back,” he answered at length, “but
I can tell you where it is. It is at the bottom of the
deepest part of the Pacific Ocean, ten miles below the
surface.”

  Again Priestley and I gasped.

  “I never wanted the money,” the sick man ex-
plained. “I wanted only the power, I didn’t dare use
the monev or let any one else use it for fear it would
be traced So I invented a counterfeiting scheme to
pay my followers. Then I was afraid to hide the
money anywhere for fear it would be found. I had
to keep ordering robberies to satisfy my followers,
but the money worried me. So I took it each time
in a big seaplane, flew out over the ocean and
dumped it where it would never betray me. That’s
all. I find I’m very weak still. I can’t talk any
more.”

  “I’ll come to you in the morning,” she promised
and threw off the ray. She was weeping when she
turned on us.

  “Now you know my secret,” she said, without
waiting for our questions. “He divorced my mother
when I was a baby, to marry this other woman. His
marriage to mother was a secret one. She wasn’t in
society and he grew ashamed of her. But she con-
tinued to love him. When I was a little girl she used
to bring me secretly to his house and leave me with
his housekeeper so I could see my father. I came to
love him, wicked as I knew he was. I’m going to
him in the morning. He needs me. I’m going to my
room now. I want to cry alone.”

  She hurried out, tears streaming from under the
green eyeshade.

  Not till that moment did we see Professor Fleck-
ner. He stood in his bedroom door, a gaunt figure
in a flowing bathrobe. He was smiling sardonically.

  “So,” he said, “the Treasure of Tantalus has been
located under ten miles of sea-water!”

  Evidently he had been standing and listening for
some time. We made no answer.

  “Well,” he went on, “it’s a pity to lose all that
money. Chandler was an awful fool. But there’s
more where that came from.

  “Meanwhile, I'm going to satisfy my curiosity as
to that other mysterious treasure that made so much
trouble on our star, Tantalus a thousand years ago.
I’m feeling pretty fit to-night. I’ve thought up a way
of giving that No. 1 ray a little more speed. I’m
going to have another look at Tantalus. T recalled
a little while ago where old Olanda told her enter-
prising sons to look for their treasure. You two
were so busy at the moment watching the young
Olanda that you missed it.”

  He made a rapid adjustment of the instrument
and flashed on the ray. It was still under control of
TREASURES OF TANTALUS

797

the interstellar current and instantly the great cave
on Tantalus was on our screen once more.

  But now it was a scene of absolute desolation. Not
a sign of human life. The houses were broken,
empty wrecks.

  Fleckner was a little taken aback at this.

  “I expected to see the valley flourishing again,”
he said.

  He drove the ray along the river to the great
ravine and up to a point where he picked out back of
some bushes the low entrance to a cave.

  “Here's where she told me to look,” he said, send-
ing his ray into the opening.

  A little way in, the passage opened into a cave of
considerable size.

  Near together in the center of the cave, lay three
skeletons. Their torn robes and the heavy gold clubs
told the story of a death battle long ago. A band of
gold, jewel-studded, around the crown of each grin-
ning skull identified the remains of the three sons
of Olanda.

  A little apart from the other two lay the skeleton
crowned with the diamond-studded band, once the
oldest and strongest of the three sons of Olanda.
He lay with his arms thrust into a little pile of rusty
nuggets, the mysterious treasure-trove at last.

  Professor Fleckner turned on his analyzer, did a
little figuring on a pad and without a word showed
us the result. It was the climax of absurdity in the
midst of this scene of tragic desolation.

  The.Treasure of Tantalus was ordinary every-
day iron ore!

  Fleckner left his gruesome picture on the screen
and fell to pacing the floor with slow, rather uncer-
tain steps. At length he stopped and gazed at us
intently.

  “So iron was the treasure beyond price in a land
where gold and jewels were common dirt! What is
treasure anyhow? One says gold. One says iron.
The Indian said glass beads. It seems to be anything
that a man has so little of that he doesn’t dare make
any real use of it when he has it. Chandler had a
lot of it and it bothered him so that he threw it in the
ocean. It makes trouble, any way you look at it.
I guess I’ve been a lot of a fool for the last year or
two—a little crazy, I guess. I’m sane again now.
Boys, I’m going to undo the trouble I’ve made, give
back the money I’ve stolen and bust up the crime
trust. That finished the business. I’m converted.”

  He pointed a bony finger at the cave of death.

  “I’m going to give the telephonoscope to the world
and retire. I’ve just discovered something out there
in Tantalus that will make it safe. People can defend
their privacy as well as ever. See that gray spot on
the opposite wall of the cave about a foot wide?
I flashed the ray into that wall while I was adjusting
the ray on the interior of the cave. The ray pierced

the wall all around that spot but wouldn't go through
it. That spot’s ray proof. I analyzed it at the same
time that I analyzed that fool treasure there. It’s
made up of minerals common here. I’ll work out the
formula in the morning for a ray-proof-paint and
you boys can manufacture it along with the tele-
phonoscope. It’ll be cheap. Everybody can paint
every part of his house with it except a little section
where he wants to give and receive telephonoscope
messages. So we’ll all be happy and private again.

  “I’m all in! Good night.”

  At that the amazing old inventor staggered off to
bed.

   Priestley and I sat for a time in thoughtful silence.
At length he arose hesitantly and approached the
screen. He stood and stared for a time at the grue-
some picture.

  “So that’s the end of the story of the Treasure of
Tantalus!” he said at last. “I wonder if I couldn’t
throw the ray power back far enough to see Olanda
again and hear her sing once more, before we leave
her to rest in her thousand-year-old grave.”

  He turned to the control-board and swung the ray
out of the cave and down the valley to the little dell
where we had first seen the singer of Tantalus. But
before he could readjust the ray power to throw time
back again to the days of Olanda’s youth, there was
a flash and another girl figure appeared on the screen
apparently in the very spot where we had first seen
Olanda.

  But it was not Olanda. It was one to me far more
alluring at that moment than Olanda had ever been.
She wore a modern American dress. Her figure was
slender and straight; her face was not too perfectly
oval, but fine, sweet and sincere. Over it was a mass
of wavy brown hair. And above all else was the
glory of her eyes.

  And dangling from one capable little hand was a
big green eyeshade.

  We both stared at her for a moment before I saw
that Priestley still failed to recognize her.

  “It’s Ruth!” I exclaimed. “She’s thrown her image
on the screen from the little telephonoscope in her
room.”

  “Ruth!” he exclaimed. “Why, Ruth! I don’t be-
lieve I ever really saw your face before!”

  She was looking into his with a light in her eyes
that shines for only one man in the world. And from
where I stood I could catch a little of the expression
of his.

  I turned and tiptoed out of the room with an ache
in my heart that wasn’t entirely cured until I met the
lady who is sitting placidly beside me at this moment,
while I write these lines.

  For I knew when I saw the answering light in
Priestley’s eyes that he had found his Treasure of
Tantalus at last.

THE END
^ MACHINE
MAN <tf ARDATHIA

bp rTrancts Tlctgg

. I was conscious of being: scooped up and'drawn forward with inconceivable speed. For one breathless moment I hung euspended. • • «

798
THE MACHINE MAN OF ARDATHIA

799

DO not know what to believe. Some-
times I am positive I dreamed it all. But
then there is the matter of the heavy
rocker. That undeniably did disappear.
Perhaps someone played a trick on me.
But who would stoop to a deception so bizarre,
merely for the purpose of befuddling the wits of an
old man? Perhaps someone stole the rocker. But
why should anyone steal the rocker? It was, it is
true, a sturdy piece of furniture, but hardly valuable
enough to excite the cupidity of a thief. Besides
the rocker was in its place when I sat down in the
easy-chair. Of course, I may be lying.

  Peters, to whom I was misguided enough to tell
everything on the night of its occurrence, wrote
the story for his paper, and the editor of “The Chief-
tain says as much in his editorial of the 15th, when
he remarks that “Mr. Matthews seems to be the
possessor of an imagination equal that of an H. G.
Wells.” And, considering the nature of my story, I
am quite ready to forgive him for doubting my
veracity.

  However, the Jew friends who know me better
think that I had dined a little too wisely or too well,
and had been visited with a nightmare.

  Hodge suggested that the jap who cleans my
rooms had, for some reason, removed the rocker
from its place, and that I merely took its presence
for granted when I sat down. The Jap strenuously
denies having done so.

  I must pause a minute here to explain that I have
two rooms and a bath on the third floor of a modern
apartment house fronting the Lake. Since my wife’s
death three years ago I have lived thus, taking my
breakfast and lunch at a restaurant, generally taking
my dinners at the club. I may as well confess that I
have a room rented in a down-town office building
where I spend a few hours every day to work on my
book, which is designed to be a critical analysis of
the fallacies inherent in the Marxian theory of'econo-
mics embracing at the same time a thorough refuta-
tion of Lewis Morgan’s “Ancient Society.” A
rather ambitious undertaking, you will admit, and
one not apt to engage the interest of a person given
to inventing wild yarns for the purpose of amazing
his friends. No; I emphatically deny having invented
the story. However, the
future will talk for itself. I
will merely proceed to put
the details of my strange
experience on paper, (jus-
tice to myself demands that
I should do so, so many
garbled accounts have ap-
peared in the press), and
leave the reader to draw
his own conclusions.

CONTRARY to my usual custom T had dined
that evening with Hodge at the Hotel Oaks.
Let me emphatically state that while it is well known
among his intimates that Hodge carries a flask on
his hip, I had absolutely nothing of an intoxicating
nature to drink. Hodge will verify this. About eight-
thirty I refused an invitation to attend the theatre
with him and went to my rooms. There I changed
into smoking-jacket and slippers and lit a mild
Havana. The rocking-chair was occupying its ac-
customed place near the center of the sitting-room

floor. I remember that clearly because, as usual, I
had either to push it aside or step around it, wonder-
ing for the thousandth time as I did so why that
idiotic Jap persisted in placing it in such an incon-
venient spot; and resolving, also for the thousandth
time, to speak to him about it. With a note-book ancj
pencil placed on the stand beside me, also a copy of
Frederick Engels’ “Origin of The Family, Private
Property and The State,” I turned on the light in
my green-shaded reading lamp, switched off all
others, and sank with a. sigh of relief into the easy-
chair. It was my intention to make a few notes from
Engels’ work relative to plural marriages, showing
that he contradicted certain conclusions of Morgan’s
when he said . . . But there; it is sufficient to state
that after a few minutes’ work I leaned back in my
chair and closed my eyes. I did not doze; I am posi-
tive of that. My mind was actively engaged in try-
ing to piece together a sentence that would clearly
express my thought.

  I can best describe what happened then by saying
there was an explosion. It wasn’t that exactly; but
at the time it seemed to me there must have been an
explosion. A blinding flash of light registered with
appalling vividness through the closed lids on the
retina of my eyes. My first thought was that some-
one had dynamited the building; my second, that the
electric fuses had blown out. It was some time be-
fore I could see clearly. When I could . . .

  “Good Lord,” I whispered weakly, “what’s that!”
Occupying the space where the rocking-chair had
stood (though I did not notice its absence at the
time) was a cylinder of what appeared to be glass
standing, I should judge, about five feet high. En-
cased in this cylinder seemed to be a caricature of a
man—or a child. I say caricature because, while the
cylinder was all of five feet in height, the being in-
side of it was hardly three. You can imagine my
amazement while I stared at this apparition. After
awhile I got up and switched on all the lights to
better observe it.

  You may be wondering why I did not try to call
someone in. I can only say that thought never oc-
curred to me. In spite of my age (I am sixty) my
nerves are steady and I am not easily frightened. I
walked very carefully around 'the cylinder and
viewed the creature inside
from all angles. It was
sustained in the center of
the cylinder, midway be-
tween top and bottom, by
what appeared to be an in-
tricate arrangement of
glass and metal tubes.
These tubes seemed to run
at places into the body,
and I noticed some sort of
dark fluid circulating
through the glass tubes. The head was very large and
hairless; it had bulging brows, and no ears. The
eyes were large, winkless; the nose well defined ; but
the lower part of the face and mouth ran into the
small round body with no sign of a chin. Its legs
hung down, skinny, flabby; and the arms were more
like short tentacles reaching down from where the
head and body came together. The thing was, of
course, naked. I drew the easy-chair up to the cyl-
inder and sat down facing it. Several times I
stretched out my hand in an effort to touch its sur-

 fJERE is mi astounding fourth-dimensional story,
 ci’cry hit as good as any that me have read in years.
 What will humanity look like 30,000 years hencet If,
 since the Egyptians or Romans, we have traveled to our
 present stage of development in the space of some 2,000
 years, how high will the human have ascended in 30,000
 yearsf Our nexv author lias written excellent science into
 a most unusual and interesting story that can not fail
 to grip you.
800

AMAZING STORIES

fact;, but some force prevented my fingers from
making the contact; which was very curious. Also,
I could detect no movement of the body or limbs of
the weird thing inside the glass.

  “What I’d like to know,” I muttered, “is what you
are, where you came from, are you alive, and am I
dreaming or am I awake?”

  For the first time the creature came to life. One
of its tentacle-like hands, holding a metal tube,
darted to its mouth. From the tube shot a white
streak, which fastened itself to the cylinder.

  “Ah,” came a clear, metallic voice, “English,
Primitive, I perceive; probably of the twentieth cen-
tury.”

  The words were uttered with an indescribable in-
tonation; much as if a foreigner were speaking our
language. Yet more than that ... as if he were
speaking a language long dead. I don’t know why
that thought should have occurred to me then. Per-
haps . . .

  “So you can talk,” I exclaimed.

  The creature gave a metallic chuckle.

  “As you say, I can talk.”

  “Then tell me what you are.”

  “I am an Ardathian. A machine Man of Ar-
dathia. And you . . . Tell me, is that really hair on
your head?”

  “Yes,” I replied.

  “And those coverings you wear on your body, are
they clothes?”

  I answered in the affirmative.

  “How odd. Then you really are a Primitive; a
Prehistoric Man.”

  The eyes behind the glass shield regarded me in-
tently.

  “A pre-historic man !” I exclaimed. “What do you
mean ?”

  “I mean that you are one of that race of early
men whose skeletons we have dug up here and there
and reconstructed for our schools of biology. Mar-
velous how our scientists have copied you from
some fragments of bone! The small head covered
with hair; the beast-like jaw; the abnormally large
body and legs; the artificial coverings made of cloth
. . . even your language!”

FOR the first time I began to suspect that I was
the victim of a hoax. I got up and walked care-
fully around the cylinder but could detect no out-
side agency controlling the contraption. Besides, it
was absurd to think that anyone would go to all the
trouble of constructing such a complicated apparatus
as this appeared to be, merely for the sake of a prac-
tical joke. Nevertheless, I looked out on the landing.
I came back and resumed my seat in front of the
cylinder.

“Pardon me,” I said, “but you referred to me as
belonging to a period much more remote than yours.”
“That is correct. If I am not mistaken in my cal-
culations, you are thirty thousand years in the past.
What date is this?”

  “June 5th, 1926,” I replied feebly.

  The creature went through some contortions,
sorted a few mental tubes with its hands, and then
announced in its metallic voice:

  “Computed in terms of your method of reckon-
ing, I have travelled back through time exactly
twenty-eight thousand years, nine months, three
weeks, two days, seven hours, and a certain number

of minutes and seconds which it is useless for me to
enumerate exactly.”

  It w^s at this point that I endeavored to make
sure I was wide awake and in full possession of my
faculties. I got up, selected a fresh cigar from the
humidor, struck a light and began puffing away.
After a few puffs I laid it beside the one I had been
smoking earlier in the evening. I found it there later.
Incontestable proof . . .

  I said that I am a man of steady nerves. I am. I
sat down in front of the cylinder again determined
this time, to find out what I could about the in-
credible creature within.

  “You say you have traveled back through time
thousands of years. How is that possible?”

  “By verifying time as a fourth dimension and
perfecting devices for traveling in it.”

  “In what manner?”

  “I do not know whether‘I can explain it exactly,
in your language, and you are too primitive and un-
evolved to understand mine. However I shall try.
Know then that space is as much a relative thing as
time. In itself, aside from its relation to matter, it
has no existence. You can neither see nor touch it,
yet you move freely in space. Is that clear?”

   “It sounds like Einstein’s theory.”

   “Einstein ?”

  “One of our great scientists and mathematicians,”
I explained. .

  “So you have scientists and mathematicians?
Wonderful 1 That bears out what Hoomi says. I
•nust remember to tell . . . However, to resume my
explanation. Time is apprehended in the same man-
ner as is space—that is in its relation to matter.
When you measure space, you do so by letting your
measuring rod leap from point to point of matter.
Or, in the case of spanning the void, let us say, from
the earth to Venus, you start and end with matter,
remarking that between lies so many miles of space.
But it is clear that you see and touch no space,
merely spanning the distance between two points of
matter with the vision or the measuring rod. You
do the same when you compute time with the sun
or by means of the clock, which I see hanging on the
wall there. Time, then, is no more of an abstraction
than is space. If it is possible for man to move freely
in space, it is possible for him to move freely In
time. We Ardathians are beginning to do so.”

  “But how?”

  “I am afraid your limited intelligence could not
grasp what I could tell. You must realize that com-
pared to us you are hardly as much as human. When
I look at you, I perceive your body is enormously
larger than your head. This means that you are
dominated by animal passions and that your mental
capacity is not very high.”

  That this weirdly humorous thing inside a glass
cylinder should come to such a conclusion regarding
me, made me smile.

  “If any of my fellow citizens should see you.” I
replied, “they would consider you—well, absurd.”
“That is because the)' would judge by the only
standard they know—themselves. In Ardathia you
would be regarded as bestial. In fact, that is exactly
how your reconstructed skeletons are regarded. Tell
me, is it true that you nourish your bodies by taking
food through your mouths into vour stomachs?”
“Yes.”

  “And are at that stage of bodily evolution when
THE MACHINE MAN OF ARDATHIA

801

you will eliminate the waste products through the
alimentary canal?”

  I lowered my head.

  “How disgusting.”

  The unwinking eyes regarded me intently. Then
something happened which startled me very much.
The creature raised a glass tube to its face. From
the end of the tube leaped a purple ray which came
through the glass casing and played over the room.

‘•qpHERE is no need to be alarmed,” said the

  A metallic voice. “I was merely viewing your
habitat ancl making some deductions. Correct me if
I am wrong, please. You are an English-speaking
man of the twentieth century. You and your kind
live in cities and houses. You eat, digest, and re-
produce your young, much as do the animals from
which you have sprung. You use crude machines
and have an elementary understanding of physics
and chemistry. Correct me if I am wrong, please.”

   “You are right to a certain extent,” I replied. “But
I am not interested in having you tell me what I am.
I know that. I wish to know what you are. You
claim to have come from some thirty thousand years
in the future, but you advance no evidence to sup-
port the claim. How do I know you are not a trick,
a fake, an hallucination of mine. You say you can
move freely in time. How is it you have never come
this way before ? Tell me something about yourself ;
I am curious.”

  “Your questions are well put,” replied the voice,
“and I shall seek to answer them. Know then, that
I am a Machine Man of Ardathia. It is true we
are beginning to move in time as well as in space;
but note that I say ‘beginning.’ Our Time Machines
are very crude as yet, and I am the first Ardathian
to penetrate the past beyond a period of six thousand
years. You must realize that a time traveler runs
certain hazards. At any place on the road, he may
materialize inside of a solid of some sort. In that
case, he is almost certain to be blown up or other-
wise destroyed. Such was the constant danger until

I perfected my enveloping ray of-1 cannot name

or describe it in your tongue, but if you approach
me too closely you will feel its resistance. This ray
has the effect of disintegrating and dispersing any
body of matter inside of which a time traveler may
materialize. Perhaps you were aware of a great
light when I appeared in your room? I probably
took shape within a body of matter and the ray de-
stroyed it.”

  “The rocking-chair!” I exclaimed. “It was stand-
ing on the spot you now occupy.”

  “Then it has been reduced to its original atoms.
This is a wonderful moment for me. My ray has
proved an unqualified success for the second time.
It not only removes any hindering matter from about
the time-traveler but also creates a void within which
he is perfectly safe from harm. But to resume.

  “It is hard to believe that we Ardathians evolved
from such creatures as you. Our written history
does not go back to a time when men nourished
themselves by taking food into their stomachs
through their mouths, digested it, or reproduced
their young in the animal-like fashion in which you
do. The earliest men of whom we have any written
records were the Bi-Chanics. They lived about
fifteen thousand years before our era and were al-
ready well along the road of mechanical evolution

when their civilization fell. The Bi-Chanics vapor-
ized their food substances and breathed them
through the nostril, excreting the waste products of
the body through the pores of the skin. Their chil-
dren were brought to the point of birth in ecto-
genetic incubators. There is enough authentic evi-
dence existing to prove that the Bi-Chanics had per-
fected the use of mechanical hearts and were crudely
able to make ... I cannot find the words to explain
just what they made, but it doesn’t matter. The
point is, that while they had only partly subordinated
machinery to their use, they are the earliest race of
human beings of whom we possess any real knowl-
edge, and it was their period of time that I was seek-
ing, when I inadvertently came too far and landed
in yours.”

  The metallic voice ceased for a moment and I took
advantage of the pause to speak. “I do not know a
thing" about the Bi-Chanics, or whatever it is you call
them,” I remarked, “but they were certainly not
the first to make mechanical hearts. I remember
reading in the paper only several months ago about
a Russian scientist who kept a dog alive four hours
by means of a gasoline motor which pumped the
blood through the dog’s body.”

  “You mean the motor was used as a heart?”
  “Exactly.’’

  The Ardathian (for so I will call the creature in
the cylinder henceforth) made a quick motion with
one of its hands.

  “I have made a note of your information; it is
very interesting.”

  “Furthermore,” I pursued, “a year or two ago I
read an article in one of our current magazines tell-
ing how a Vienna surgeon was hatching out rabbits
and guinea pigs in ecto-genetic incubators.”

  The Ardathian made another quick gesture with
its hand. I could see that my news excited it.

  “Perhaps,” I said, not without a feeling of satis-
faction (for the casual allusion to myself as hardly
human had irked my pride) “perhaps you will find it
as interesting to visit the people of five hundred
years from now, let us say, as you would to visit
the Bi-Chanics.”

  “I can assure you,” replied the metallic voice of
the Ardathian, “that if I succeed in returning suc-
cessfully to Ardathia, those periods will be thorough-
ly explored. I can only express surprise at your
having advanced as far as you have, and wonder
why it is you have made no practical use of your
knowledge.”

  “Sometimes I wonder myself,” I returned. “But
I am very much interested in learning more about
yourself and your times. If you would resume your
story. . .

  “With pleasure,” replied the Ardathian. “In Ar-
dathia, we do not live in houses or in cities. Neither
do we nourish ourselves as do you, or as did the Bi-
Chanics. The chemical fluid you see circulating
through these tubes which run into and through my
body has taken the place of blood. The fluid is
produced by the action of a light ray on certain
life-giving elements in the air. It is constantly be-
ing produced in those tubes under my feet and driven
through my body by a mechanism too intricate for
me to describe. The same fluid circulates through
my body only once, nourishing it and gathering all
impurities as it goes. Having completed its revolu-
tion, it is dissipated and cast forth by means of an-
802

AMAZING STORIES

other ray which carries it back into the surrounding
air. Have you noticed the transparent substance
enclosing me ?”

  “The cylinder of glass, you mean ?”

  “Glass! What do you mean by glass?”

  “Why, that there,” I said, pointing at one of the
panes of glass in the window.

THE Ardathian directed a metal tube at the spot
indicated. A purple streak flashed out, hovered
a moment on the pane, and then withdrew.

  “No,” came the metallic voice, “not that. The
cylinder, as you call it, is made of a transparent sub-
stance, very strong and practically unbreakable.
Nothing can penetrate it but the rays which you
see, and the two whose action I have described above,
which are invisible. Know then that we Ardathians
are not delivered of the flesh; nor are we introduced
into incubators as ova taken from female bodies, as
were the Bi-Chanics. Among the Ardathians there
are no males or females. The cell from which we
are to develop is created synthetically. It is fertilized
by means of a ray and then put into a cylinder such
as you observe surrounding me. As the embryo
develops, the various tubes and mechanical devices
are introduced into the body by our mechanics and
become an integral part of it. When the young
Ardathian is born, he does not leave the case in
which he has developed. That case—or cylinder, as
you call it,—protects him from the action of a hostile
environment. If it were to break and expose him
to the elements, he would perish miserably. Do you
follow me?”

  “Not quite,” I confessed. “You say that you
have evolved from men like us, and then go on to
state that you are synthetically conceived and ma-
chine made. I do not see how this evolution was
possible.”

  “And you may never understand! Nevertheless,
I shall try to explain. Did you not tell me you had
wise ones among you who are experimenting with
mechanical hearts and ecto-genetic incubators? Tell
me, have you not'others engaged in tests tending to
show that it is the action of environment, and not the
passing of time, which accounts for the aging of
organisms ?”

  “Well,” I said hesitatingly, “I have heard tell of
chicken hearts being kept alive in special containers
which protect them from their normal environment.”
“Ah,” exclaimed the metallic voice, “but Hoomi
will be astounded when he learns that such experi-
ments were carried on by pre-historic men fifteen
thousand years before the Bi-Chanics! Listen
closely, for what you have stated about chicken
hearts provides a starling point from which you may
be able to follow my explanation of man’s evolution
from your time to mine. Of the thousands of years
separating your day from that of the Bi-Chanics I
have no authentic knowledge. My exact knowledge
begins with the Bi-Chanics. They were the first
among men to realize that man’s bodily advance-
ment lay on and through the machine. They per-
ceived that man only became human when he fash-
ioned tools; that the tools increased the length of
his arms, the grip of his hands, the strength of his
muscles. They observed that with the aid of the
machine, man could circle the earth, speak to the
planets, gaze intimately at the stars. We will in-
crease our span of life on earth, said the Bi-Chanics,

by throwing the protection of the machine, the things
that the machine produces, around and into our
bodies. This they did, to the best of their ability,
and increased their longevity to an average of about
two hundred years. Then came the Tri-Namics.
More advanced than the Bi-Chanics, they reasoned
that old age was caused, not by the passage of time,
but by the action of environment on the matter of
which men were composed. It is this reasoning
which causes the men of your time to experiment
with chicken hearts. The Tri-Namics sought to per-
fect devices for safe-guarding the flesh against the
wear and tear of its environment. They made
envelopes—cylinders—in which they attempted to
bring embryos to birth and to rear children, but they
met with only partial success.”

  “You speak of the Bi-Chanics and of the Tri-
Namics,” I said, “as if they were two distinct races
of people. Yet you imply that the latter evolved
from the former. If the Bi-Chanics civilization fell,
did any period of time elapse between that fall and
the rise of the Tri-Namics? And how did the latter
inherit from their predecessors ?”

  “It is because of your language, which I find very
crude and inadequate, that I have not already made
that clear,” answered the Ardathian. “The Tri-
Namics were really a more progressive part of the
Bi-Chanics. When I said the civilization of the
latter fell, I did not mean what that implies in your
language. You must realize that fifteen thousand
years in your future, the race of man was, scien-
tifically speaking, making rapi-d strides. It was not
always possible for backward or conservative minds
to adjust themselves to new discoveries. Minority
groups, composed mostly of the young, forged ahead,
made new deductions from old facts, proposed radi-
cal changes, entertained new ideas, and finally
culminated in what I have alluded to as the Tri-
Namics. Inevitably, in the course of time, the Bi-
Chanics died off, and conservative methods with
them. That is what I meant when I said their
civilization fell. In the same fashion did we follow
the Tri-Namics. When the latter succeeded in rais-
ing children inside the cylinder, they destroyed them-
selves. Soon all children were born in this manner.
In time the fate of the Tri-Namics became that of
the Bi-Chanics, leaving behind them the Machine
Men of Ardathia, who differed radically from them
in bodily structure—-so many human nucleii inside
of machines—yet none the less their direct descend-
ants.”

  For the first time, I began to get an inkling of
what the Ardathian meant when it alluded to itself as
a Machine Man. The appalling story of man’s final
evolution into a controlling center that directed-a
mechanical body, awoke something akin to fear in
my heart. If it were true, what of the soul, spirit,
God. ...

  The metallic voice went on.

  “You must not imagine that the early Ardathians
possessed a cylinder as invulnerable as the one which
protects me. The first envelopes of this nature were
made of a pliable substance, which the wear and
tear of environment wore out within three centuries.
The substance composing the envelope has gradually
been improved, perfected, until now it is immune for
fifteen hundred years to anything save a powerful
explosion or some other major catastrophe.”

   “Fifteen hundred years !*" I exclaimed.
THE MACHINE MAN OF ARDATHIA

803

  “Barring accident, that is the length of time an
Ardathian lives. But to us fifteen hundred years is
no longer than a hundred would be to you. Remem-
ber, please, that time is relative. Twelve hours of
your time is a second of ours, and a year. . . . But
suffice it to say that very few Ardathians live out
their allotted span. Since we are constantly engaged
in hazardous experiments and dangerous expeditions,
accidents are many. Thousands of our brave ex-
plorers have plunged into the past and never re-
turned. They probably materialized inside solids
and were annihilated. But I believe I have finally
overcome this danger with my disintegrating ray.”

  “And how old are you ?”

  “As you count time, five hundred and seventy
years. You must understand that there has been
no change in my body since birth. If the cylinder
were everlasting, or proof against accident, I should
live forever. It is the wearing out, or breaking up
of the envelope, which exposes us to the dangerous
forces of nature and causes death. Some of our
scientists are engaged in trying to perfect means for
building up the cylinder as fast as the wear and
tear of environment breaks it down; others are seek-
ing to rear embryos to birth with nothing but rays
for covering—rays incapable of harming the organ-
ism, yet immune to dissipation by environment and
incapable of destruction by explosion. So far they
have been unsuccessful; but I have every confidence
in their ultimate triumph. Then we shall be as im-
mortal as the planet on which we live.”

I STARED at the cylinder, at the creature inside
the cylinder, at the ceiling, the four walls of the
room, and then back again at the cylinder. I pinched
the soft flesh of my thigh with my fingers. I was
awake all right; there could be no doubt about that.

  “Are there any questions you would like to ask?”
came the metallic voice.

  “Yes,” I said at last, half fearfully. “What joy
can there be in existence for you? You have no
sex; you cannot mate. It seems to me,” I hesitated,
“it seems to me that no hell could be greater than
centuries of living caged alive inside that thing you
call an envelope. Now I have full command of my
limbs and can go where I please. I can love . .

   I came to a breathless stop, awed by the lurid light
which suddenly gleamed in the winkless eyes.

  “Poor pre-historic mammal,” came the answer,
“how could you, groping in the dawn of human
existence, comprehend what is beyond your lowly
environment! Compared to you, we are as gods.
No longer are our loves and hates the reaction of
viscera. Our thoughts, our thinking, our emotions
are conditioned, molded to the extent we control the
immediate environment. There is no such thing as
mind—of the . . . But it is impossible to continue.
Your vocabulary is too limited. Your mentality—
it is not the word I like to use, but as I have re-
peatedly said, your language is woefully inadequate
■—has a restricted range of but a few thousand
words. Therefore I cannot explain further. Only
the same lack—in a different fashion, of course, and
with objects instead of words—hinders the free
movements of your limbs. You have command of
them, you say. Poor primitive, do you realize how
shackled you are with nothing but your hands and
feet! You augment them, of course, with a few
machines; but they are crude and cumbersome. It

is you who are caged alive and not I.. I have broken
through the walls of your cage; have shaken off its
shackles; have gone free. Behold the command I
have of my limbs!”

  From an extended tube shot a streak of white—
like a funnel—whose radius was great enough to en-
circle my seated body. I was conscious of being
scooped up and drawn forward with inconceivable
speed. For one breathless moment I hung suspended
against the cylinder itself, the winkless eyes not an
inch from my own. In that moment I had the sen-
sation of being probed, handled. Several times I
was revolved, as a man might twirl a stick. Then I
was back in the easy-chair again, white, shaken.

   “It is true that I never leave the envelope in which
I am encased,” continued the metallic voice. “But
I have at my command rays which can bring me any-
thing I desire. In Ardathia are machines—machines
it would be useless for me to describe to you—with
which I can walk, fly, move mountains, delve in the
earth, investigate the stars, and loose forces of which
you have no conception. Those machines are me-
chanical parts of my body, extensions of my limbs.
I take them off and put them on at will. With their
help I can view one continent while busily employed
in another. With their help I can make time ma-
chines, harness rays, and plunge for thirty thousand
years into the past. Let me again illustrate.”

  The tentacle-like hand of the Ardathian waved a
tube. The five foot cylinder glowed with an intense
light, spun like a top, and so spinning, dissolved into
space. Even as I gaped like one petrified—perhaps
twenty seconds elapsed—the cylinder reappeared
with the same rapidity. The metallic voice an-
nounced :

  “I have just been five years into your future.”
“My future!” I exclaimed. “How can that be
when I have not lived it yet ?”

  “But oi course you have lived it.”

   I stared, bewildered.

  “Could I visit my past if you had not lived your
future?”

  “I do not understand,” I said feebly. “It doesn't
seem possible that while I am here, actually, in this
room, you should be able to travel ahead in time and
find out what I shall be doing in a future I haven’t
reached yet.”

  “That is because you are unable to grasp intelli-
gently what time is. Think of it as a dimension—
a fourth dimension—which stretches like a, road
ahead and behind you.”

  “But even then,” I protested, “I could only be at
one place at a given tirM on that road, and not where
I am and somewhere else at the same second.”

  “You are never anywhere at any time,” replied the
metallic voice, “save always in the past or the future.
But I see it is useless to try to acquaint you with a
simple truth, thirty thousand years ahead of your
ability to understand it. As I said, I traveled five
years into your future. Men were wrecking this
building.”

  “Tearing down this place? Nonsense, it was only
erected two years ago.”

  “Nevertheless, they were tearing it down. I sent
forth my visual ray to locate you. You were . .
“Yes, yes,” I queried eagerly.

  “In a great room with numerous other men. They
were all doing a variety of odd things. There
was . .
\ 804

AMAZING STORIES

   At that moment, a heavy knock was heard on the
 door of my room.

 mTTTHAT’S the matter, Matthews?” called a loud
 VV voice. “What are you talking about all this
 time ? Are you sick ?’’

   I	uttered an exclamation of annoyance because I
 recognized the voice of John Peters, a newspaper
 man who occupied the apartment next to mine. My
 first intention was to tell him I was busy, but the
 next moment I had a better idea. Here was some-
 one to whom I could show the cylinder, and the
 creature inside of it! someone to bear witness to
 having seen it besides myself. I hurried to the door
 and threw it open.

 ' “Quick,” I said, grasping himby the arm and haul-
 ing him into the room. “What do you think of that ?”
 “Think of what ?” he demanded.

   “Why of that there,” I began, pointing with a
 finger, and then stopping short, with my mouth wide
 open; for on the spot where a few seconds before
 the cylinder had stood, there was nothing. The en-
 velope and the Ardathian had disappeared.

  Author’s Note: The material for this manu-
script came into my hands in an odd fashion.
About a year after the press had ceased printing
garbled versions of Matthews’ experience, I made
the acquaintance of Hodge. I asked him about
Matthews: He said:

  “Did you know they’ve put him in an asylum?
You didn’t? Well they have. He’s batty enough
now, poor devil. He was always a little queer, I
thought. * I went to see him the other day, and it
gave me quite a shock, you know, to see him in a
ward with a lot of other men, all doing something
queer. By the way, Peters told me the other day
that the apartment house was to be torn down. The
City is going to remove several houses along the
Lake Shore to widen the boulevard. He says they
won’t wreck them for three or four years yet. Funny
eh? Would you like to see what Matthews wrote
about the affair himself ?”

  I	would; and did. And like Matthews, I submit
the story to the reading public herewith, and leave it
to them to draw their own conclusions.

  THE END

A STORY OF THE STONE AGE

By H. G. Wells

   (Continued from page 745)

 whole. The jackals and vultures had tried her and
 left her;—she was ever a wonderful old woman.

    The next day the three men came again and squat-
 \ ted nearer, and Wau-Hau had two rabbits to hold
 up. and the red-haired man a wood-pigeon, and
 Ugh-lomi stood before the women and mocked them.

   The next day they sat again nearer—without
 stones or sticks and with the same offerings, and
 Cat’s-skin had a trout. It was rare men caught fish

in those days, but Cat’s-skin would stand silently in
the water for hours and catch them with his hand.
And the fourth day Ugh-lomi suffered these three to
come to the squatting-place in peace, with the food
they had with them. Ugh-lomi ate the trout.
Thereafter for many moons Ugh-lomi was master
and had his will in peace. And in the fullness of
time he was killed and eaten even as Uya had been
slain.

THF. END.

Discussions

In this department we shall discuss, every month, topics of interpst to readers. The editors invite correspondence on all subjects
directly or indirectly related to the stories appearing in this magazine. In case a special personal answer is required, a nominal fee

of 25c to cover time and postage is required.

Editor, Amazing Stories:

  Let me express my appreciation of the June
number of Amazing Stories. I have too much to
say to enclose it in the voting coupon. In regard
to the prize stories, I wish to say that I befieve
the judges' choice to be perfectly in line with
my own preference. All three were very $ood
stories. I myself was a candidate for the prizes,
and I can well appreciate the fine work which
was done.

  I have one criticism for Mr. Wates* story.
Frankly, I cousider such a thing as a substance
opaque to gravity impossible. When one considers
the matter closely, it becomes utterly preposterous.
Obviously a material substance could not be opaque
to gravity. The very fact that it is a material sub-
stance makes it susceptible and not impervious to
gravity. That is the very essence of gravity. All
matter is attracted to all other matter, and where
there is anything there is gravity. I can conceive
of a screen of some sort of ray or ethereal wave
through which the action of gravitation cannot
function, but a material substance, never! And,
furthermore, above a screen opaque to gravity, no
matter of what it was constituted, a man could

THE JUNE ISSUE OF AMAZING STORIES

never assume an attitude of suspension. Once
gravitation, is removed, he would go flying off into
Space, never to return, thrust there by centrifugal
force. However, this does not detract from the-
interest of the story.

  And there is another matter of gravity in “The
Electronic Wall.” I hardly believe that a ship,
even the size of the “Woodrow Wilson” would
have sufficient gravitational attraction to enable a
man to walk comfortably about it. On the other
band, assuming Paulo to be a solid body, the at-
traction of this body would far overcome the grav-
ity of the ship, unless the electronic wall is opaque
to gravitation. In this case, however, the passen-
gers would find themselves in the unpleasant situa-
tion of being unable to stay on the ship comfort-
ably, weighing, naturally, only a few grains, or less.

  I was unable to find any scientific error in the
third story, perhaps because it contains less science
than the others.

  “The Lost Comet” was very good. , “Solander’s
Radio# Tomb,” however, has only a very faint hint
of scientific taint, and I believe that it has no
place in your magazine. To cap the climax, T do
not believe that the author intended to put the

slightest bit of science into it, other than that
necessary to make it comprehensive. Ellis Parker
Butler is a fine humorist and writer, but he has
no connection with Amazing Stories.

  “The Four-Dimensional Roller-Press,” was a
very interesting manuscript, although I fail to sec
what the age of the inventor had to do with the
story. And, although I understand practically
nothing of the fourth-dimension, I have always
considered it to be time, and, even if it were not.
it is clearly a non-material dimension. This being
'the case, will you kindly explain to me how this
fourth-dimensional substance which Sidelburg pro-
duced inside his quaint arrangement of spheres
could possibly have a material existence? If the
creation of such a substance were possible, by a
mere mechanical arrangement of spheres, how could
a material substance come instantaneously into
existence where nothing before existed? And, if
it were not a material substance, obviously it
would not be perceptible to the touch, as it was
set forth to be in the story;.

“The Moon Pool” is without question the best
story you have yet published. It is written in the
(continued on page 806)
AMAZING STORIES

805

Good Chemists Command High Salaries

T. O’CONOR SLOANE,
r A.B., A.M.. LL.D., Ph.D.

 Noted Instructor, Lecturer and
 Author. Formerly Treasurer Ameri-
 can Chemical Society and a practical
 chemist with many well known
 achievements to his credit. Not
 only has I)r. Sloane taught chemis-
 try for years but he was for many
 years, engaged in commercial chemis-
 try work.

Experimental Equipment
Furnished to Every Student

    We Rite to every student without additional charge this
 rhemieal equipment, including forty-nine pieces of labora-
 tory apparatus and supplies, and forty different, chemicals
 and reagents. These comprise the apparatus and chemicals
 used for the experimental work of the course. The fitted
 heavy wooden box serves not only as a case for the outfit
 but also as a useful laboratory accessory for performing
 countless experiments.

CHEMICAL INSTITUTE
OF NEW YORK, Inc.

           Home Extension Division 11
 16-A E. 30th Street.	NEW YORK CITY

 and you can make yourself independent for
 life by unearthng one of chemistry’s yet
 undiscovered secrets.

 Do you remember how the tales of pirate gold used to fire
 your imagination and make you want to sail the uncharted
 seas in search of treasure and adventure? And then you
 would regret that such things were no longer done. But that
 is a mistake. They are done—today and everyday—not on
 desert islands, but in the chemical laboratories throughout
 your own country. Quietly, systematically, the chemist works.

 His work is difficult, but more adventurous than the blood-
 curdling deeds of the Spanish Main. Instead of meeting an
 early and violent death on some forgotten shore, he gathers
 wealth and honor through his invaluable contributions to hu-
 manity. Alfred Nobel, the Swedish chemist who invented
 dynamite, made so many millions that the income alone from
 his bequests provides five $40,000 prizes every year for the
 advancement of science and peace. C. M. Hall, the chemist
 who discovered how to manufacture aluminum made millions
 through this discovery. F. G. Cottrell, who devised a valu-
 able process for recovering the waste from flue gases, James
 Gayley, who showed how to save enormous losses in steel
 manufacture, L. H. Baekeland, who invented Bakelite—these
 are only a few of the men to whom fortunes have come
 through their chemical achievements.

   Now Is the Time to Study Chemistry

                     Not. only aro these boundless opportunities for amassing
                     wealth In Chemistry, but the profession affords congenial
                     employment at good salaries to hundreds of thousands who
                     merely follow out its present applications. These appli-
                     cations are innumerable, touching intimately every busi-
                     ness and every product in the world. The work of the
                     chemist can hardly he called work at all. It is the
                     keenest and most enjoyable kind of pleasuro. The days
                     iti a chemical laboratory arc filled with thrilling and
                     delightful experimentation, with the alluring prospect of
                     a discovery that may spell Fortune always at hand to

     spur your enthusiasm.	j

You Can Learn at Home	/

                     To qualify for this remarkable calling requires elaborate specialized training. Formerly it was f
                     necessary to attend a university for several years to acquire that training, but thanks to our 4
                     highly perfected and thorough system of Instruction, you can now stay at home. Keep your f
                     position, and let us educate you In Chemistry during your spare time. Even with only common f
                     schooling you can take our course and equip yourself for immediate practical work in a chemical >
                     laboratory. Dr. Sloane gives every one of his students the same careful, personal super-

                     vision that made him celebrated throughout his long career as a college professor. Your f rupn/rrrAT
                     Instruction from the very beginning is made interesting and practical, and we supply you > CHEMICAL
                     with apparatus and chemicals for performing the fascinating analyses and experimental f INSTITUTE
                     work that plays such a large part in our method of teaching, and you are awarded the f QF NEW YORK

                                                                    * Home Extension
                                                                       Division 11
                                                                       16-A E. 30th St.
                                                                       NEW YORK CITY

 What Some of Our Students
 Say of This Course:

    I hare not written since I received the big
  set. 1 can still say that it far exceeded my
  anticipations. Since I have been studying with
  your school 1 have been appointed chemist for
  the Scranton Goal Co. testing all the coal and
  ash by proximate analysis. The lessons are
  helping me wonderfully, and the interesting way
  in which they aro written makes me wait pa-
  tiently for each lesson.—MORLAIg COtJZENS.

    I wish to express my appreciation of your
  prompt reply to my letter and to the recom-
  mendation to the Goneral Electric Co. I In-
  tend to start the student engineering course at
  the works. This is somewhat along electrical
  lines, but the fact that 1 had a recommenda-
  tion from a reliable school no doubt had con-
  siderable influence in helping me to secure the
  job.—-H. VAN BENT ITU YSEN.

    So far I've been more than pleased with
  your course and am still doing nicely. I hope
  to be your honor graduate this year.—J. M.
  NORfcUS. JR.

    I find your course excellent and your Instruc-
  tion, truthfully, the clearest and best assem-
  bled I have ever taken, and yours is the fifth
  one I’ve studied.—JAMES J. KELLY.

    From the time I was having Chemistry it
  has never been thus explained to me as it is
  now. I am recommending you highly to my
  friends, and urging them to become members
  of such an organization.—CHARLES BEN-
  JAMIN.

    I shall always recommend your school to my
  friends and let them know how simple your les-
  sons are.—C. J. AMDAHL.

    1 am more than pleased. You dig right, in
  from the start. I am going to get somewhere
  with this course. I am so glad that 1 found
  you.—-A. A. CAMERON.

    I use your lessons constantly as I find It
  more thorough than most test books I can
  secure.—WM. H. TIBBS.

    Thanking you for your lessons, which I find
  not only clear and concise, but wonderfully
  interesting. I am—ROBT. H. TRAYLOR.

    I received employment In the Consolidated
  Gas Co. I appreciate very much the good
  service of the school when a recommendation
  was asked for.—JOS. DECKER,

Institute's official diploma after you havo satisfactorily completed the course.

Easy Monthly Payments

 You don’t, have to hare even the small price of the course to start. You can
 pay for it in small monthly amounts—so small that you won’t feel them.

 The cost of our course is very low, and Includes everything, even the *
 chemistry outfit—there are no extras to buy with our course. Our plan f	Please send me at once,

 of monthly payments places a chemical education within the reach of > without any obligation on my
 everyone. Write us and let us explain our plan in full—give us the f .par^* yo“r fr.ee ^ok “Opportuni-
 Dpportunity of showing you how you can qualify for a highly trained w l,fs for Chemists," and full par-
 technical position without even giving up your present employment. f tlculars about the Experimental Equip-

           Special 30 Day Offer

  Besides furnishing the student with his Experimental
  Equipment, we are making an additional special offer for jT
  a short while only. You owe it to yourself to find out f
  about it. Write today for full information and free f «-
  book "Opportunities for Chemists.” Send the coupon > x
  right now while it is fresh in your mind. Or just *
  write your name and address on a postal and mail Jr
  It to us. But whatever you do, act today before V ADDI
  this offer is withdrawn.	>

   DON’T WAIT—MAIL COUPON NOW!

    raent given to every student. Also pleaso
 tell me about your plan of payment and
 vour special 30 day offer.

CITY.............................STATE.

  A. S. Nov., X—7
806

learn to Draw

AtHomel

Earti Moneu

While You'
leant

$100aWeek

  famed By Young Artist

           ‘T am earning: $100.00 a week”
           writeB our graduate, P. C. Roberts,
           Fla. "Pretty good for a young man
           of twenty.”

           Graduate Wm. R. Kent, New Jer-
           sey, writes: "I have obtained $100.00
           for a single drawing which only
           took a day to do.”

           Harold A. Allen, R. I., writes: “I
    ^ have made $40.00 in a single day.”
    Henry G. Mcllvaines, Jr., Pennsyl-
    vania, writes that our training en-
    abled him to obtain a desirable posi-
    tion as Artist with one of America's
    most prominent advertising agencies.
    Barn While You Learn
    YTy' This course teaches you how to draw
    ‘‘pictures that Bell.’’while learning. E. V.
    Fritsch, Texas, who had completed only
    one-third of the course, wrote: “I earn
    $10.00 to $15.00 a day.” Miss H. II. Hart-
    leigh, Mass., writes: “I have made $235.00
    I | AX' and I’ve only sent in 12 lessons.” David
    liS^V W. Gould, Maine, wrote, while learning:

    \l IJ "I made $225.00 on one job.”

   ul 11 Opportunities Everywhere

    ill1 / Over 50, OW Buyers of Drawings erery-
    \\\// where; such as over 4,000 Advertising
    i\.\ Agencies; 12,000 Large Advertisers; 2,500
    \v\\ Newspapers; 2.400 Magazines; 25,000
    \\|\\ Printers; 1,100 Book and Music Publish-
    « era; 700 Photo-Engravers; 3,000 Depart-
    )U vj\ ment Stores; 5,000 Art Stores. Retail
    ^ \ Stores also use drawings for advertise-
    ments and display cards. No need to
    leave home—hundreds of buyers probably
    in your own section. And you can mail
    drawings to distant buyers.

  OWhat Art Buyers Say

            An Art Editor writes: “Please furnish
            X.\ names of students in this vicinity.” An-
            other writes: “Advise a few of your best
            students to send us samples.” A Maga-
            zine Publisher mites: “We are buying
            drawings from your graduates and under-
            graduates.”

  pv	Send For Free Book

 V \1 Handsomely illustrated free book tells
 1 I how you can learn at home this way. It
 1 I tells what our graduates earn; how they
 1J earned while learning. Tells of big mar-
 W kets for drawings and how our Students’
 Service Bureau operates to help capable
 1 A students to sell drawings or obtain a posi-
 1 \ tion. Carl C.Thompson writes: “Through
 | ' your aid I have been offered 25 different
 I positions.” Book is free. No obligation.
 No salesman will call. Mail coupon today.

 "Bern’' t*ient not

 ttuum&le method Washington School of Art, Inc.
 i&Uh3‘ Mw Room 261 l-E. 1115 15th St., N.W.

 dram bofore.Yon,	... . .	_ _

 too, can taro.	Washington, D. C.

 Washlncion School of Art, Inc.

 Room 261 l-E, 1115 15th St., N. W.. Washington, D. C.

 Plattno Rend me wlthont coat or obligation your book, also details
 of your offer to new students.

 (Pleaae writ® plainly. Mr’.’, Ulaa or Mm.)

A

AMAZING STORIES

 style of Edgar Rice Burroughs, although it con-
 tains far more science than the novels of the latter.
 The "Tarzan” stories, however, all of which I have
 read with intense interest, would be fine lessons for
 those hypocritical legislators who passed anti-evolu-
 tion bills in Tennessee and Florida.

   “The Moon Pool” contains a staggering amount
 of imagination. In fact, there is so much that 1
 had to reread the first installment before I could
 begin the second—it seemed so like a new story,
 always referring to points 1 did not remember
 ever having seen before. One thing which it brings
 out is the true significance of things that we sec
 every day. In regard to the weapons—Mr. Merritt
 brings out the fact that the revolver is really more
 effectual than the “Keth.” Yet, hearing of the
 Keth, we would immediately denounce the revolver.
 And the gravity-nullifying sparks are equalled by
 modern high-explosives. And is not poison gas
 unexcelled by any of the weird implements of
 Muria? We are not as bad off as we are wont

  to presume.

  And I kept looking io
  H. G. Wells* “The War of the Worlds.” 1 have

 nd I kept looking forward to the appearance of

 always wanted to read this, but for some reason
 never have.

    Thanking you very kindly for the best issue of
  Amazing Stories ever published, I am.

                            Earle B. Brown,
                            Newburyport, Mass.

    [In Paradise Lost, we are told of the bad angels
  who in their discussions “found no end in wan-
  dering mazes lost.’* If we discuss the nullification
  of gravity and the fourth dimension and the pos-
  sibilities of the beautiful story of The Moon Pool,
  we will get into the predicament of Milton’s char-
  acters, yet you evidently agree with the judgment
  of the editors that these have been very good
  stories, and we feel that when that can be said of
  the result of our efforts, we have done well. After
  all we wish to please our readers, and our corre-
  spondent is certainly one of the pleased ones.—
  EDITOR.]

ANNUAL OR SEMI-ANNUAL

 Editor, Amazing Stories:

    I just received my copy of the Amazing Stories
  Annual and in looking it through noticed the
  coupon in the back. I would like to say that I
  for one approve of the Amazing Stories Annual
  and would like to sec it published every six
  months as a semi-annual, and I am sure many
  others feel the same way about it although they
  may not write and say so. Probably some of them
  think. “Oh, well, what good will just one more vote
  do?” but if we all felt that way about it we never
  would get anywhere. But I’ll wager they will
  all buy the “Annual” if it is published every
  "six” months. I would like to say that I think
  the Annual would sell better if all the stories in
  it were new’ ones that had never been published
  in Amazing Stories before. Several of my
  friends never bought the Annual because you
  stated that it was to be a group of the best stories

 already published in Amazing Stories magazine.
 I am a new reader but I have read the “People
 of the Pit” and “Under the Knife” in Amazing
 Stories before. I was glad to see the small illus-
 trations scattered through the “Master Mind of
 Mars” and would like to see them every month
 in Amazing Stories. In the August Amazing
 Stories the stories I liked best were the “Shadow
 on the Spark," the "Ultra Elixir of Youth"
 and the “Chemical Magnet.” I, like many others,
 would like to see more interplanetary stories, and
 afco more stories by Edgar Rice Burroughs and
 Jtiles Verne.

    Yours for a Semi-Annual.

                                  Frank Allen.

                              Los Angeles, Calif.

    [We have received a good many letters about
 the number of issues of Amazing Stories which
 should come out per annum. A great many desire
 a semi-monthly publication, while others prefer it
 as it now is. Recently we published the Amazing
 Stories Annual, giving tnc best stories of the
 year already published and some new ones. Now,
 the question comes up of whether there should he
 two issues of this publication; in other words,
 whether we should publish a Semi-Annual, rather
 than an Annual. We should like to hear from
 all of our readers about this question, as our
 desire is, naturally, to please them and to keep
 them for our friends. And this, with us, is a true
 sentiment.—EDITOR.]

THE AGE LIMIT FOR THE INTERNA-
TIONAL SCIENCE CLUB

 Editor, Amazing Stories:

   I have been a reader of Amazing Stories since
 the first edition and I have enjoyed them very
 much, but there has always seemed to be something
 lacking. That “something” was a Science Club in
 co-operation with Amazing Stories. Mr. Lindgren
 has hit the idea all right, but why have the age
 limit at eighteen? You speak of youth being in-
 terested in the study of science so why not give
 them a chance at this club? I should have said
 “us” because I am one of them as you have prob-
 ably guessed. I am fifteen myself and in reading
 Discussions you will see there are several more
 about that age who would surely be interested in
 joining. So why not put a lower age limit on the
 requirements for membership?

   Another idea would he to have neighborhood
 chapters w’here the members could get to-gether
 and discuss various topics and maybe outfit a small
 experimental laboratory and workshop.

                          Donald L. Campbell,
  Chicago, III.
  [We think you are perfectly right—the age limit
  for membership of the club should be well under
  eighteen. In the October issue you will see a
  portrait of a seven year old devotee of Amazing
  Stories and we firmly believe that he would be
  a valuable accession to the International Science
  Club.—EDITOR.]

Readers’ Vote of Preference

STORIES I LIKE

 (1)

 Remarks

 (2)

 Remarks

(?) ........

 Remarks.

STORIES I DO NOT LIKE

(1) ................................................................................

Why?..........................I...................................................

(2) .................................................................................

Why?..............................................................................

 Do you want the questionnaire to continue? ............

 Do you like the illustrations as we have them now?
 Do you favor more illustrations than we have now?

 Would you rather have no illustrations at all? .........

Name..............................................................................

Address...........................................................................

City.................................................................................

 State

This is YOUR magazine. Only by knowing what stories you like can wc please you. Fill out
this coupon or copy it and mail to AMAZING STORIES, 230 Fifth Avenue, New York City.
H.	G. WELLS UNDER FIRE, BUT ALSO A
 LOT OF CONSTRUCTIVE CRITICISM

Editor, Amazing Stories:

  After finishing reading this letter, the reader
of it may be inclined to ask me, why I read
Amazing Stories. My answer would be, “Because
I like it.” 1 have read every story in every
issue of Amazing Stories, since the first issue,
and have no intention of missing any in the
future, and 1 am not a magazine reader. Amazing
Stories is the only magazine 1 ever did read,
and right now, is the only one I have any inten-
tion in reading at all regularly. 1 am telling you
this first, because I am going to give you a few
of my ideas, in the way of constructive criticism,
some of which perhaps will not be very favorable.

I wrote you once before and gave you some of
the same ideas, and now I am going to do it
again. I might remark also that if 1 did not like
Amazing Stories L would not bother about writing
you and giving you any of my time. I never did
it for any other magazine, and never will, until
something else, as good) in general as your maga-
zine, comes out.

^ Your motto is "Extravagant Fiction Today, Cold
Fact Tomorrow.” An excellent and undoubtedly
true motto, but sometimes, 1 find, your magazine
does not stay with it. Every true scientist admits
that, anything which is intrinsically possible, no
matter how wild and extravagant it may seem, may
be cold fact some day, but the scientist, at the
same time, also admits that nothing can ever be
fact, which, of itself, is impossible. A square
circle can never be made. The definition of a
Scientifiction Story coujd be thus stated: a story
which depicts the intrinsically possible, but not
actually existent, as actually existent. It is obvi-
ous that a story which depicts the intrinsically im-
possible, as actually existent, is an effrontery to
the intelligence, for the reason that the human
intelligence is so constructed that it refuses to
function in the presence of known falsehood. Some
things are evidently intrinsically impossible, as the
square circle, but others are not so evident, but at
the same time, just as impossible, for instance the
situation in the story about the lost continmt of
Atlantis, which I will take up presently. You
should carefully guard against allowing such stories
to get into your magazine, because they refute
your motto, and T have noted quite a number of
Rtich instances in various ones.

  Now for a few of my objections. As I say
above, you sometimes print poor science, in that
you allow authors to depict intrinsically impossible
situations. In the story about the lost continent,
the passengers on the ship view the inhabitants of
the lost continent, going far into the past to do
so. and THE INHABITANTS look up at the
ship, AN INTRINSIC IMPOSSIBILITY. The
passengers were viewing that which had taken place,
much as an audience in a picture show views what
the actors did when the picture was being taken.
An action which has been completed can no more
be changed than can a circle be squared. When
the inhabitants lived, the ship was not there, and
so they did not look up at it. Therefore the
author has made his characters do something which
had already been completed, over again and in
another way. That story had no business in your
magazine. It was entertaining, it is true, but that
makes no difference, it has no place in a scien-
tiiiction magazine, as it is merely fiction, not
science.

  My really most serious objection to your stories,
in general, is the lack of imaginative nerve of
so many of the authors. There is entirely too
much ruthless slaughtering of innocent heroes and
heroines, and entirely too much blowing up and
losing of valuable new inventions. The authors
get to the end of their imaginations, and take the
easiest way out. They do not seem to rea|ize that
most readers of this class of story are imagina-
tively inclined themselves, or they would read
something else, and being so, the reader can get
just as much, if not more enjoyment out of con-
tinuing the story in his own imagination, as he
did out of the story itself, and this useless
slaughter, and unnecessary explosions eliminate this
pleasure to the reader. A rare instance of where
the author has allowed this privilege to his readers
is in the Master Mind of Mars, in your Annual.
Neither Valla Dia nor Paxton were unceremoni-
ously removed at the end of the story, as so many
great heroes and heroines are, but are allowed
to remain happily wedded on Mars. The reader
is permitted by the author to change his own name
to Paxton, and have a grand time, carrying on,
in his own imagination, his own elevation, through
deeds of prowess, to the Lordship of Mars, and the
beautiful results of Valla Dia’s rise with him.
to be the Queen of Mars, or any other flight of
the imagination to which the turn of mind of the
particular reader may direct him. The Master
Mind of Mars is well on in its sequel in my
imagination, and T am having as much pleasure
out of my own sequel as T did out of the story
itself. “A Columbus of Space,” offered the same,
if not even better possibilities for the reader’s
imagination, but the author would have none of
it. finding it necessary, in the temerity of his own
imagination, to dispose of his wonderful hero and
heroine, by letting them get caught in nothing but
a common fire, when they had already escaped
many more dangerous situations, thereby denying
the reader the enjoyment of imagining his ow/
sequel. That author simply lost his nerve. The
same way. why always blow up wonderful new
inventions after barely allowing the inventor to
show what he has? Whv not let the reader con-
tinue with it. if the author does not want to go
on with it? Lots of readers could have a wonderful

AMAZING STORIES

807

THEN CHOOSE
AVIATION!

                   IRE you a
red-blood-
ed, daring he-man ? Are you eager for
a life of constant thrills, constant
excitement and fascinating events?
Do you crave adventure, popularity,
admiration, and the applause of
great crowds ? Then why not get
into the Aviation Industry — the
greatest adventure since time began
—the greatest thrill ever offered to
man ? Think what Aviation offers
you. Thrills such as you never had
before! The praise and plaudits of
the multitude. And a chance to get
in on the ground floor
where rewards, will be
unlimited!

Fortunes Being
Invested

   Aviation is growing so
swiftly that one can
hardly keep track of
all the astonishing new
developments. Air-mail
routes have just been
extended to form a vast
aerial network over the entire U. S.
Air-lines and airplane factories are
springing up all over the country.
Men like Henry Ford are investing
millions in the future of commercial
Aeronautics in America! The possi-
bilities are so tremendous that they
stagger imagination.

   Everything is set for the greatest
boom in history. The fortunes that
came out of the automobile industry
and out of motion pictures will be
nothing compared to the fortunes
that will come out of Aviation!
There is just one thing holding it up:
—lack of trained men 1 Even in the
beginning thousands will he needed
—and generously paid. The oppor-
tunities open to them cannot he
over-estimated. Those who qualify

PICK YOUR JOB!

 Airplane Instructor
 Airplane Engineer
 Airplane Repairman
 Airplane Assembler
 Airplane Mechanician
 Airplane Inspector
 Airplane Builder
 Airplane Salesman
 Exhibition Manager
 Airplane Contractor
 Airplane Motor Expert
 Airplane Designer

quickly will find themselves on the
road to undreamed of money —
success — popularity — and promi-
nence !

F'asy to Become An Aviation
Expert

  Get into this thrilling profession
at once while the field is new and
uncrowded. Now—by a unique new
plan—you can quickly secure the
basic training for one of these won-
derful high-salaried jobs, at home,
in spare time. Experts will teach
you the secrets—give you all the in-
side facts that are es-
sential to your success.
And, the study of Avia-
tion is almost as fascinating
as the actual work itself.
Every lesson is chock-full of
interest — and so absorbing
that you actually forget you
are studying. But best of all
are the ultimate rewards you
are fitting yourself to gain!

Send for FREE Book

  Send the coupon for our
new, free book, just out—
Opportunities in the Airplane Industry.
It is vitally interesting, reads like a romance
and tells you things about this astonishing
profession you never even dreamed of. This
book is so fascinating it
could easily sell for a dol-
lar. We offer a limited
number FREE, VV'rite
for yours today.

American School
of Aviation

Dept. 0388, 3601 Mithljan Ave.

r AMERICAN SCHOOL OF AVIATION,	j

j Dept. 9388, i60l Michigan Ave., Chicago, III.	I

j Without any obligation please send me	I

  FREE' hook Opportunities in the Airplane	I

I Industry. Also information about your	j
I course tn practical Aeronautics.

I	•

J Name .............

 • Age.

Address

I Citv

 . State.
808

AMAZING STORIES

The first

AMAZING STORIES
“ANNUAL”

featuring "THE MASTER MIND OF MARS”

EDGAR RICE BURROUGHS

the first printing of this new marvelous story

                                 EDGAR RICE BURROUGHS
                                 has written many interesting
                                 stories, but we believe, for down-
                                 right originality and exciting inter-
                                 est, “The Master Mind of Mars"
                                 is hard to equal. There is hardly
                                 a page that does not hold your
                                 interest. Once the story gets
                                 under way, hair-raising episodes
                                 seem to tumble right over each
                                 other—they come so quickly.
                                 Besides this, the science is excel-
                                 lent and no matter how strangely
                                 the tale reads, it always, somehow
                                 or other, seems to have an element
                                 of truth in it.

                                                      There has never been presented a
                                                      more elaborate and thrill-provok-
                                                      ing collection of scientific fiction.
                                                      Included among the famoiisauthors
                                                      are Edgar Rice Burroughs, author
                                                      of the famous Martian stories and
                                                      creator of the Tarzan series: A.
                                                      Merritt, author of the “Moon
                                                      Pool,” “The People of the Pit,"
                                                      etc.;'Murray Leinster, well-known
                                                      author who needs no introduction
                                                      to Amazing Stories readers for the
                                                      creation of his hero Burl of “The
                                                      Red Dust,” and “The Mad
                                                      Planet;” H. G. Wells, a writer of
                                                      international fame, who possesses
                                                      the virtues of versatility in writing
                                                      on scientifiction.

                                                 All stories are complete —116
                                                 pages of them,* with full page
                                                 illustrations. Size of Book 9 by
                                                 12 inches.

50c THE COPY EVERYWHERE

If your dealer cannot supply you write direct

 EXPERIMENTER PUB. CO., Inc.,

 230 Fifth Ave., New York.

Gentlemen: I enclose 50c for one copy of “Amazing Stories Annual”.

Name.....................................................

Address....................................................

City, State.................................................

Magic Book 10c.

   Latest 1927 Edition—100 Pages

   Profusely illustrated. Over 500
 Tricks described and explained. Re-
 duced Price Catalog of Magic—Illu-
 sions — Escapes — Jokes — Puzzles—
 Books and European Novelties In-
 cluded. Amaze and Mystify your
 Friends—It’s easy! Rend 10c today.

LYLE DOUGLAS
Station A-9, Dallas, Texas

nssm

     WINNER FOR AGENTS
 SCIENTIFIC MARVEL LIGHTER. What

 makes it light? A demonstration means a
 sale. Send 50r. for sample, or $3.00 for
 dozen In display case. Money back if you
 are not satisfied.

NEW METHOD MFG. CO.

 Box A.S.-3	BRADFORD, PA.

Insure your copy reaching you each month. Subscribe to Science and Invention—$2.50 a year.
Experimenter Publishing Co., Inc., 230 Fifth Avenue, N. Y. C.

    A VERY BREEZY CRITICISM

  Editor, Amazing Stories:

    No doubt we could tbink of a great many ex-
  tremely flattering and complimentary remarks to
  make about your magazine, but inasmuch as every-
  one else has made them repeatedly, we shall in-
  stead devote our letter to a few criticisms and
  suggestions.

   To begin with, why in —Hades— do you
 insist on printing those detestable, boring, out-
 of-place, and otherwise obnoxious detective stories,
 railed Amazing merely because they include a short
 paragraph or so explaining the marvelous and com-
 plicated mechanism of the spyrogyroheliospermato-
 graph or something of similar nature, stories which
 by no conceivable line of reason can be called
 up to the standard of most of the others?

    Kick No. 2: And when we say “others” we em-
  phatically exclude painfully humorous atrocities as
  “Solanders Radio Tomb,” “Doctor Fosdick,”
  “Hick’s Inventions with a Kick” (a big kick), and
  others of their ilk.

    No. 3: Our aesthetic tendencies are extremely
  excited—or rather, pained by certain of your illus-
  trations: all except those by Mr. Paul, whose pic-
  tures are for the most part excellent.

    If you have read this far without tearing this
  epistle into myriad shreds, we would like to sug-
  gest:

    First, another cover contest.

    Second, if possible, more new stories.

    Third, semi-monthly “as-is” publication.

    Fourth, less detective stories.

    Fifth, less detective stories.

    Sixth, less detective stories, ctc.

       But on the whole, we appreciate the difficulties
  under which you are laboring, and in spite of its
  few and unfavorable defects, we will continue our
  yearly and monthly stipends, respectively. We con-
  sider it rather improbable that you have read this
  far, and practically inconceivable that you will print
  a contribution so apparently deprecatory. (We
  really didn't mean to sound so heartless.)

                           Paul L. Stanchfield,
                           Robert D. Swisher,

                              Ann Arbor, Mich.
  fThis is the kind of letter which we are sure will
  meet with the approval of our Flagstaff corre-
  spondent, or rather its publication will receive his
  commendation. All we can say in answer to the
  criticism is that the detective stories have met
  very wide approval; that the stories where science
  is made to contribute to the gaiety of nations de-
  light many, and we are sure that Mr. Paul will
  be greatly delighted to read the third kick. We
  shall take care that he sees it. We find that your
  presumably scolding letter simply radiates good
  humor—EDITOR. 1

A FUND TO ACCUMULATE FOR 500 YEARS

  Editor, Amazing Stories:

    Whether he did read your magazine or not,
  the gentleman who is the cause of the enclosed
  clipping is surely a “find” for your side of the
  case. To have the same thing occur in everyday
  life that had been foretold by your author in the
  story about “Jones’ Dollar” is a “strike” for your
  score. I am sure the gentleman was inspired
  by your author, if not, heap on the more olive
  leaves on his noble brow.

   Who said the amazing things in Amazing
 Stories cannot become realities?

    I am a reader of your magazine since the first
  number and as I have a right to note thumbs up
  or down about my choice all I will say is that
  always you will find “two bits” in my pocket
  when I see a fresh copy on the newsstand.

    And as to praising or knocking your work, I
  know all the people cannot be satisfied. If each
  man had his way we all would be Sultans in a
  world wide harem.

    But joking aside—

    I like your magazine and will always purchase it.
  As to pictures, science, proof, merit, serials and
  other things argued over by people over your ar-
  ticles. all I say is that it is your business. That
  is what you are being paid for, so you know ’cause
  I don’t.

BUT HE WON’T LIVE TO SIIARli IN
THE RESULT
Michigan Man Puts $1 in Fund to be Divided
in 2427

      Holland, Mich., Aug. 22.—William Stcllcma.
    a fruit dealer, made a novel investment in a
    local bank, by which his male descendants will
    benefit 500 years hence.

      He deposited $1.00 accompanied with in-
    structions that the accumulative compound in-
    terest cannot be distributed until the year 2427.
    Then those of his descendants who are living
    in Michigan will receive 75 per cent and 25
    per cent will go to those living in other states.

      Before any distribution is made $50,000 is
    to go to hospital work.. The amount unll run
    into jeven figures when the time arrives.

                                    John Bull,
  Holland, Mich.
  [We wish to thank this correspondent for the
  clipping. If he will get a table of logarithms and
  calculate the amount that the one dollar bill will
  produce in five hundred years at compound in-
  terest, he will be amazed at the result. We hope
  that he will always have the “two bits” in his
  pocket. Suppose he takes it out of the one dollar
  investment of the Michigan man.—EDITOR.]
‘MiUJAottJumd

 intIu

  "1 had used an-
  'ther System of
  hortha-\d for two
  itears, hut my work
  termed difficult and
  iirnr satisfied ni>.
  ll'/irn / chunped to
  Hpndwriting, the
  former difficulties
  disappeared.
  Throuph fipeedwrit-
  -inij I hare secured
  a letter position
  with splendid future
  prospects.” — Hr nee
  Mallun, Brooklyn,
  Sew York.

a-ir-Cj

 NO more tiresome practice.
 No more nerve-racking
 drill. No more .puzzling signs
 aw’ symbols. Nmv you can
 write shorthand in the plain
 a-b-c’s. Faster than 100
 words with pen or pencil—
 200 words or more per min-
 ute on the tyf>nvriterl Easy
 to learn. Speedy, accurate.
 The business and profession-
 al worlds acclaim this new
 shorthand. Men and women
 in every walk of life are
 using it

  Every shorthand need Is filled letter with SPEEDWRIT-
ING. You can learn It In one quarter the time needed to
master any other system; you ran never forget It. Notes
are always plain and easily read—by the writer or any
other user of the system.

  Mall the coupon at once for Illustrated book explaining
  SpeedwrHlng and Its advantages over all other shorthand
  Wtems.

BRIEF ENGLISH SYSTEMS. Dept. 94 L
200 Madison Avenue, New York City
Also offices at: 1415 Royal Bank Bldg., Toronta, Canada.
Trnnaport House, Smith Square, Westminster, London, Kng.

 ■ ■■■■■■■FREE BOOK COUPON--------

  Brief Eng. Systems, Inc., 200 Madison Ave., N. Y. C. 94 L

Name .................................................................................

Address ...............................................................................

City.............................■.

State

THE BREAKERS

ATLANTIC CITY, N. J.

On the Ocean Front
PREFF/RRED—In Autumn and all seasons
—by those who know and want the best. . .
either upon the American or European
plan .. . and sensible rates withal.

For the Breakers’ Guests—

 Health Baths	Golf Privileges

Orchestra Afternoon Tea Dancing
Garage on Premises
When in Washington visit HARVEY’S
RESTAURANT, 11th & Penna Aves.
Famous since 1856.

V' EL HILLMAN, President.

JULIAN A. HILLMAN, V.-Pres.

Iff

WERE YOU1

 1 would start	_______

 crowded field. " iko into auto-pi
 opportunity ia ^ »VVI I will train

  ____„ is v »WI I will train yoo and .put

  you in line quu lclu for a good steady Job
  Make $50 to *90 a week.

              opportunity
              "•>u in line
              lake $50

Or a Paint Shop of Your Own

 Little or no capital needed. Independence, prosperity will bo
 yours! Let me prove you can bare it by my

New Shop-type Method

 Actual experience aa you learn by working on wood and metal
 panels furnished with tba 13 bitr working outfits without extra
 charge. No car needed. Greatest advance in home-training ev*"
 made. Send for FREE BOOK. "If I Were You.” giving all de-
 tails. No obligation whatever.

AMERICAN AUTO PAINTING SCHOOL
427 South Ashland Avenue Dept. 204. Chicago, Illinois

Print Your Own

       Cards, Stationery, Circulars, Paper, etc. Save
       money. Priat for others, big profit. Complete
       outfits $8.85. Job prees111, $29, RotaryJUS. All
       easy, rules sent. Write for catalog presses type
       etc. THE KELSEY CO., P-45, Merldan, Conn.

 time using some of the inventions, in the world
 of their own imaginations. Just consider “The Man
 V\ ho Could Vanish.” 1 have certainly had a great
 time in the world of my imagination, vanishing,
 but darn the objector in that story. He had no
 sense of humor. 1 have ridden into town many
 a time in my car, the car being apparently with-
 out a driver; 1 have paid for my gas with money
 appearing out of thin air; I have been a marvelous
 magician; I have used it in games such as foot-
 ball, throwing au invisible pass into the waiting
 arms of an end down between my own goal posts.
 Gosh but Doc Unsin was'a nut to let the thing
 alone, and his friend needed a good swift kick.
 He was just an old grouch. For the Lord’s sake,
 let the heroes and heroines live in the end and be
 happy. They have a hard enough life so that
 they deserve happiness in the end, and let the in-
 ventions go on in the world of the imagination.
 It cannot hurt anyone, other than the possible
 overworking of the imagination of the author, and
 it may give great pleasure to those able to build
 their own sequels.

   Another of my objections is that so many of
 the stories are strung out, apparently with the
 only purpose of making them long. The War
 of the Worlds, is a good one in point. The tirst
 installment was good, but the second, in this
 month’s issue, was awfully dry. The exper-
 iences of “my brother,” could just as well have
 been told in one paragraph, including the exodus
 of the people. The reader of this story did not
 give two whoops about ‘‘my brother,” or the exo-
 dus of the people other than just the fact that
 they lit out. What the reader wanted to know
 was what were the Martians like, and what were
 they doing. Had this story been but the first in-
 stallment, plus about three pages, it would have
 been fairly good, but as it is, it got to be an awful
 bore. While 1 am on this story, just a few of
 mv impressions while I was reading it. Mr.
 Wells certainly commands a punk army. His
 cannoneers could not hit the broad side of a barn.
 His guns were efficient enough to be effective, for
 one did accidentally hit a Martian and knock him
 out, but at very close range. The Martians fought
 in 100 foot towers, and Mr. Wells’ gunners got a
 great number of shots at them, mostly from a
 range of about 1000 yards. Gosh, give an Ameri-
 can gun crew one good six inch gun, and the
 chances that Mr. Wells’ army had and they could
 clean out the Martians in short order. Men in
 this story are certainly depicted as a lot of ignor-
 amuses, and ought to be wiped out. What were
 the men doing with the nine spheres, after the
 first one lit and men found out what was in them?
 Why did they not blow them up? Mr. Wells does
 not relate that the first ones protected .the second
 and later arrivals. How greatly would it have
 improved this story, if, in the end men had figured
 out the Martians’ susceptibility to disease and fed
 them the germs, instead of just letting them acquire
 them naturally. The men would have won a
 great battle against great odds, while as it was,
 they just got off lucky, without using any inven-
 tiveness or human intelligence. I would certainly
 hate to think that the United States army would
 light out and be incapable of fighting no more
 formidable foe than as Mr. Wells depicts the Mar-
 tians. Mr. Wells certainly drew on his imagina-
 tion when he conscripted his army, not construc-
 tively, but just the opposite. His army was not
 half as good as armies which actually exist right
 now. Let Mr. Wells’ Martians appear in this
 country today, and how long would they last?
 Gosh, let’s let men, in our imagination at least,
 have as much intelligence and ingenuity, as they
 have in actuality. What’s the use of imagining
 if we are going to go the other wav.

    A suggestion which I would like to make is this.
  \\ hy not publish the name and address of contribu-
  tors to your discussions, so that other readers
  could write them, damning them or commending
  them, as they wish? I had a letter published in
  Radio News once, and got a flood of letters on
  account of it, one from as far as Finland, and I
  may assure you that I consider myself well paid
  I0j t*1e Jr?ub*e ,°f writing that letter, as it has
  led to friendships which could not have been
  brought about in any other way.

   Another suggestion. Occasionally publish a
 letter which candidly and openly gives your mag-
 azine the royal razz; publish the name and address
 of the writer; let the editor refrain from com-
 ment to the effect that the writer is wrong and
 let the readers hop on him. You may he assured
 that we will do it, ^ and with a vengeance. Let’s
 start a real discussion and let the editor keep out
 of it. Lots of us readers are somewhat of scien-
 tists ourselves, and we do not need the editor to
 put us rieht. If there is not space in the maga-
 zine to puoiish it, publish names and addresses
 and let us _ have our arguments in private. We
 will enjoy it, and learn a lot through it.

    I like your magazine, and wish to add my name
 tc hose who want it twice a month. It takes me
 about a week to finish it and then there is noth-
 ing to do but go to bed early for the other three.
 If you put it out weekly, I will read it weekly.
 Let those who object to its coming twice a month
 on the# ground # that too much of a good thing
 spoils it, read it only once a month. They are
 welcome. There are things T do not like about
 it; stories which T do not like, hut you cannot
 be expected to please everyone; in my opinion,
 you sometimes allow poor science to creep in; you
 print dry, uninteresting stories sometimes, your
 authors often are not courageous imaginers, and
 rob us of the .pleasures of our own sequels; they
 kill the heroes, destroy forever wonderful inven-
 tions, with many other faults, but the fact remains
 that I read your magazine, religiously, and intend
 to continue doing so, and want it ntener, which

a Year/

  “If it wasn’t for you and the
  training you gave me, Mr.
  Dobe, I wouldn’t be making
  $8000 a year now.”

 Learned Drafting

at Home—
SoCanYou!

   Beck answered my advertisement and got
   my free book on Draftsmanship. That’s
   what I want you to do now. Beck was then
   a helper making $12.00 a week, but he took
   my simple, easily understood and quickly
   learned course in drafting at home without
   giving up his job. You can do the same
   thing. Will you? “I often look back to the
   time I answered your advertisement,’’writes
   Beck, “and wondered how I could take up
   your course as I was not able to save enough
   out of $12.00 a week to make the first pay-
   ment. But I finally did it and it was the
   best money I ever spent in my life. Thanks
   to your training I am not afraid to tackle
   any work along drafting lines and can read-
   ily master all the architect’s plans.”

Mail this Free Coupon
or Write Today for
FREE Book!

   Beck asked for the Free Book first! Will
   you ask for it today? Certainly you are not
   obligated at all by writing for Successful
   Draftsmanship.” Get it and read it. Then
   make up your mind- how successful you can
   be. This man is making real money and
   you know the old adage “What man has
   done man can do.” So mail the Free Coupon
   below—or write a letter
   or a post card. Do
   ithat now. No man
   I who is dissatisfied
   with what he is mak-
   ing now should fail to
   get and read "Success-
   ful Draftsmanship.”

         DOBE EASY
         DRAFTING

                   1951 Lawrence Ave,
                   Dlv. 11-98 Chicago

 Dobe Easy Drafting

  1951 Lawrence Ave., Div. 11-98 Chicago

  Yoo may send me free your book "Successful Drafts-
  m ana hip and names and addresses of more Dobe
  winners.

 Name..

 ..Age..

Poet Office-------------------------State________■
SHOW CARD
LETTERING

Hearn at Home

 Here is the very course you need ii you want to
 get a good paying position as a Show Card Letterer
 or Sign Letterer. or have a business of your own.
 This course is complete and practical and especially
 arranged to meet the needs of the student who studies
 at home. It was written by E. L. Koller, Principal
 of the School of Art of the International Correspon-
 dence Schools, member of the American Federation
 of Arts, and The National Society of Craftsmen.

  Mr. Koller has had twenty years' teaching experi-
  ence, and his success in helping other men and women
  Is an indication of what he can do for you.

 H. L. Wood, a clerk, made more than $700 “on
 the side" before ho had completed his course and
 also won $125 in prizes. Harry William Lord writes
 that he has more than doubled his salary as a result
 of studying this I. C. S. course in spare time.
 William Whitman, a former wagon builder, now has
 e sign painting business of his own and is earning
 nearly three times as much as he did before enrolling
 with the International Correspondence Schools.

  There is no doubt that Show Card Lettering and
  Sign Lettering offer a real opportunity to ambitious
  men and women. Just mark and mail the coupon
  and we’ll gladly send you a booklet telling all about
  the I. C. S. course in Show Card Lettering, or any
  other subject in which you are interested.

  INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

             eiT\o Universal University”

             Box 7I38>B, Scranton, Pcnna.

   Without cost or obligation on my part, please tell me
   how I can qualify for the position or in the subject before
   which I have marked an X:

          □ SHOW CARD LETTERING
  □ ILLUSTRATING	□ CARTOONING

                          □	Advertising

                          □	Better Letters
                          "1 Stenography and Typing

  □Business Management
  Business Law
  Banking and Banking Law

 Accountancy (including C. P. A. □English
 Nicholson Cost Accounting

 Civil Servico
 Railway Mail Clerk

  Bookkeeping
  Privato Secretary

 Salesmanship	ClHigh School Subjects

   TECHNICAL AND INDUSTRIAL COURSES
 Electrical Engineering
 Electrlo Lighting
 Mechanical Engineer
 Mechanical Draftsman
 Machine Shop Practice
 Railroad Positions
 Gas Engine Operating
 Civil Engineer
 Steam Engineering □ Radio

  Street

  Address....

  BCommon School Subjects
  H* ’ "* ------

  Surveying and Mapping
  (Architect

  Architect’s Blueprints
  [Contractor and Builder
  Architectural Draftsman
  Structural Engineer
  Chemistry □ Pharmacy
  Automobiles
  [Mathematics

35 TO*75 WEEKLY

 ( ) Railway Mail Clerk ( ) Meat Inspector

 (	> P. O. Clerk.

 (	) Forest Ranger

 (	) Pile Clerk

 (	) Matron

 (	) General Clerk

 (	) Chauffeur-Carrier

 (	) Skilled Laborer

 (	) Watchman

 (	) Postmuster

 (	i RFD Carrier

                     ( ) Special Agent

                           (investigator)

                     ( ) Stenographer-Typist
                     ( ) Immigrant Insp or
                     ( ) City Mail Currier
                     ( ) U.S. Border Patrol
                     ( ) Typist
                     ( ) Seamstress
                     ( ) Steno-Secretary

 . _____r ______ ( ) Auditor

 Mr. Ozment, Dept. 141. St. Louis. Mo.

 Send me particulars about positions marked
 “X”—salaries, locations, opportunities, etc.

NAME ...............................

ADDRESS ............................

  speaks for itself. I often feel that I could write
  a really good story for the magazine, but then I
  read the discussions and realize that if I were to
  try it, it would have the fate of others; some
  would like it, and some would not. 1 have no
  doubt that many, many of your readers think the
  same of themselves. They would write the way
  their turn bf mind directs, and 1 mine^ while it
  is your , task to jdease everyone, and this, in my
  opinion, you are doing admirably.

                            A. M. Riordan,
                            Flagstaff, Arizona.

    [This we regard as a most interesting. letter,
 as the writer certainly gives truly constructive
 criticism, which we are always delighted to re-
 ceive, and puts it into very .picturesque language.
 The stories must be interesting, and even if some-
 thing that seems impossible is described, the author
 has at least the excuse, and an old time one it
 is now, that the impossible has over and over again
 proved to be possible. The Einstein theory is
 now widely accepted, and if by following it out,
 the Lorenz-Fitzgerald contraction is taken as pos-
 sible, a lot of the most curious conclusions will
 follow. We firmly believe that if, before the Ein-
 stein theory was promulgated, a story had been
 written including all its features, bringing them
 down to the concrete, making full use of the
 fourth dimension as a reading topic, it would have
 been pronounced by most readers quite prepos-
 terous. We enjoy writing comments on our cor-
 respondent's letters, but this one is so good and
 suggestive that it speaks for itself. However, we
 must refer to one of its suggestions. We art-
 asked to publish, occasionally, a letter “which
 candidly and openly gives your magazine the royal
 razz." This we have done in the past and shall
 continue to do in the future. These unfavorable
 letters, or “Brickbats” as they arc sometimes called,
 will, we are sure, reach us in abundance and we
 will publish them. In this issue, will be seen the
 totally opposite views entertained by our readers
 on identical stories such as “The Colour Out of
 Space,” and strangely enough about the writings
 of H. G. Wells, one of the most esteemed authors
 of the present day.—EDITOR.]

H. G. WELLS AND HIS STORIES

 Editor, Amazing Stories:

    No need to say, I suppose, that I, AM an inter-
  ested reader oi your excellent publication, Amaz-
  ing Stories, and have been since the first copy
  appeared on the stands.

   A number of times I’ve been on the verge of
 taking advantage of your published invitation to
 make myself heard in regard to my opinions of
 stories you’ve printed. However, I’ve always
 come to the decision to keep still and let others
 do the talking.

   I’ve enjoyed most of the yarns Amazing Stories
 has given the public so far. I’ll frankly say the
 majority of them have been well told by the dif-
 ferent authors, and with the exception of a single
 one (“The Malignant Entity”), they’ve all been
 new to me. I’m not of a scientific turn of mind,
 or even of mcchanical inclination, but I believe
 that, like the majority of us, 1 too, have my share
 of imagination. 1 appreciate a good story well
 told, and that’s THAT I!

   I haven’t so far attached myself to any one
 author who writes for Amazing Stories—that is,
 made a favorite of him. Most oi them seem to be
 good. However, I AM beginning to tire of one
 of them. That particular ONE is H. G. WELLS.
 I’ve seen only one story by this author which
 has been able to hold my interest: “The Time
 Machine." The rest of the stuff he has given us
 has been, I believe, but mediocre reading. There
 is no snap, no life to his stories. Take, for in-
 stance, that last story of his you’ve given us:
 “The War of the Worlds.” Honestly, this is the
 rankest, poorest, would-be yarn I’ve ever laid eyes
 on. What’s it all about anyway? What’s he try-
 ing to tell, and WHY? He uses a MULTI-
 TUDE of meaningless words and phrases, brew-
 ing out of them the sleepiest sort of “QUATCH,”
 and gets nowhere. How does a writer rated as
 high as you rate, Mr. Wells, get that way anyhow?

    I don’t mean to do Mr. Wells any sort of injus-
  tice with a criticism like this, BUT I surely DO
  agree with Mr. Fred W. Fisher, Jr., of Knoxville,
  Tenn., in saying that this particular story. “The
  War of The Worlds,” is ROTTEN! And 1
  agree with him as to the reason WHY it’s rotten.
  To wit: “. . . he is always having one of his
  characters come out of his story to scratch his
  chin or tug his whiskers, or expectorate, or some-
  thing,” and . . all of his talcs are generally
  disconnected.” I’ll say they are, Mr. Editor, and
  also Mr. Fisher. He gives one the impression of
  an amateur trying to raise a tempest in a tea-
  pot; in other words “Much Ado About Nothing."

   I read this “Story” through after seeing Mr.
 Fisher’s criticism under “Discussions” oi the
 August issue, and your defense of Mr. Wells, and
 I second Mr. Fisher’s request not to reprint H.
 G. W’ells’ stories, unless lie comes across with
 something worth while. In my opinion, “The War
 of the Worlds” can easily be boiled down to two
 or three, at the most four pages, for all the
 science or fiction it contains, because the rest of
 it is just plain waste of space, and very markedly
 negatives any of that “realistic touch” which if
 might otherwise contain.

   I want to say in conclusion that Jules Verne’s
 “Off On a Comet” was very good. Here’s a
 writer who, no matter how lie draws out his story,
 still is able to hold one’s interest and attention;
 and I’m not saying this because I’m unduly pre-
 judiced against Mr. Wells and favor Verne in par-
 ticular. “Station X” was good; “The Second

. piny W this fascinating
instrument. Oar native
Hawaiian Instructors

May in Half Hour

 After you get the four
 easy motions you piny
 harmonium: chorda with
 very little practice. No
 previouamunirul knowl-
 edge necessary.

Free Guitar

    □how how. Kvorything ox- /
 plained clearly.

         Easy Lessons
      Even if you don’t know \
      one note from another,
      the 62 printed lessons
      and the cleur pictures
      make it easy to learn <
      quickly. Pay as you play.

Write at Once 1

 Fabrlkoid Case as soon a

    Outfit In Genuine Seal Grain You'll never be loneaoma with
                          ... ....	Gutter.

  -.—. v<«< uinK.u»l Offer and easy
  rurnished. No delay.	terms. A postcard will do. ACT!

    OTHER T Tenor Banjo, Violin, Tiplo, Tenor Guitar, Ukulola.
    COURSESJ Ilanjo Ukulele —under well-known instructors*
    FIRST HAWAIIAN CONSERVATORY n» MUSIC, Inc.

    9th Floor, Woolworth Bldg., Dept, 167 New York, N. Y.

  ■—- -----------" loot an' • -

                               York

% ARN$IOto   $20pcrday  
1 T he Best! Pay Trades 
   Paperhanging - Decorating - Sign Paint-
   ing - Show Card Writing - Graining 6c
   Marbling - Auto Painting - Furniture
   Decorating.

   Learn in a few weeks in the best equipped
   school in America.

CATALOG FREE

  CHICAGO PAINTING SCHOOL

  132 WEST AUSTIN AVENUE. CHICAGO

                                to beautiful
                                proportions
                                while you sleep!

IflniTR nOSE flPJUSTER

is SAFE, painless, comfortoble.

    Speedy, permanent results guar-
    antced. Doctors praise it. No
    Gold Medal metal to harm you. Small cost.

   won 1928 Write for FREE BOOKLET ___________

    ANITA CO., Dept. M-49 Anita Bldg.. NEWARK. N. J.

 $20 Musical Instruments

Your choice of a Violin. Tenor Banio, Hawaiian Guitar, Banjo.Cornet.
Ukulele. Banjo Ukulele, Guitar, Mandolin or Banio Mandolin. You will
Do proud to own any one of these instruments and we will trive you on*
without cost. A few cents a day for lessons la your only expense. Our
UuX0T teachlni? fo so easy that you can play several piecca by note
with the first four lusaona. We guarantee success or no charge. In-
strument and lessons aent on one week’s free trial. Write for book-
let today, no obligation. Over 200,000 satisfied pupils.

CHICAGO CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOL OF MUStC, INC.
\632 North Halsted Street, Dept. 370, • Chicago, Illinois

MAGIC

         Dice. $5.00; Cards, *1.25; Inks. $1.50;
 MurIc Fluid for Transparent*. $3.00;
 Slick Ace Cards, $1.25; Factory Readers,
 $1.00. Sales Hoards, etc. Catalog 10c.
 CENTRAL NOVELTY COMPANY
 740 W. Madison Street, Chicago, 111.

DON’T FAIL

to write for—

BOOK BARGAIN
BULLETIN No. 5

Remarkable savings
on all kinds of Books

Consrad Company, Inc.
230 Fifth Ave. New York

i
®/See AH/

Big S'/2 Ft. Telescope A

Lend wings toyoureyesl People and objects
miles away seem close. Wonder telescope
brings new pleasures to home, farm,
camp, travel, sport. Study themyste-
rious Sun spots; see Moon
JKgggMj andStara as never before,
jgjKa**! See people on the beach,

OnZheBcach on the mountains, etc.

FREE Yes, absolutely^

free! A hand-
some leather*

•	ette Carrying Case
I and Shoulder Strap,
lAlso Solar Eye
Piece to view the
Sun—a special
•itoo* feature—founc^
only on expen*

Bive instruments.

CLIP

IS'*

      5

             Sec-
             tions

      8

      Power
      Lcnaes

         Brassbound;
   measures 12 In.
   closed; powerful
   achromatic lenses
   projafeq m

es.three mllo

„ .hsr

f "‘Tell time on clock fire
mllo* away '• C. Scrih-
rnor: See lighthouse IS
mile» awny.' Mr*. Yar-
brough: Could toll color of
aeroplane four mlleaawajr,"
3.M.G*arbeart:"Can see men
'orklpBseven miles away.” *

                — WalEar:" Would not take 1
                for it,"	At mo ttacea

SEND NO MONEY

On delivery of Telescope, free Case and
J Eye Piece pay Postman only $1.85, plua
jjpotftage. (2 complete outfits $3.50.) Satis-
faction guaranteed or money refunded.
3end today, entertain your friendsl

              FERRY & CO., Dept 1089 Chlcag*

You can quickly qualify for big-paying positions In
Motion Picture, Portrait, Commercial or News Photog-
raphy, or start your own business. No experience
needed.

f.AMPPA PQPP Learn at home or in
vnrlurxn rrvuc. our great New York
Studios. Easy to learn. Write today for Free Book,
Job Chart and Free Camera offer.

    NEW YORK IN8TITUTE OF PHOTOGRAPHY
Dept 103	10 West 33rd St.	New York

umtm

Si™*}I ASCOTDtMl.u,d.err A.nja.OM t.UO.OM ■ tnm.

Executive Accountants and C. P7A. '■ earn 13,000 to *10.000 a year.
Thousands of Arm* need them. Only 0,000 Certified Public Account-
United States. Wo train you thoroly at homo in Bpare tluio
lor U.I’.A. examinations or executive accounting positions. Previous
Jvffl.e.rien£.0 unnecessary. Training under tho personal supervision of
William B. Cantonholz, A. M.. C. P. A., and a largo staff of C. P.
A. *, including members of tho Amoricnn InoHtute of Accountiinto.
Writ* for free book. "Accountancy, tho Profession that Pays.”

                University, Dept. 11464-H.Chicago
     The World’s Largest Business Training institution

I Positively Guarantee

to increase your arraa one-half inch
in size, chest one full inch, strength
25%, health, 100% In one week’s
time, by following my instructions
and using my exerciser 10 minutes
mornings and at night. Send $1 for
complete course and exercisers. Sat-
isfaction guaranteed or $1 refunded.
* PROF. J. A. DRYER
Box 1850-L Chicago, III.

MAKE T4 DOLLARS

FVFRY I-) AY RiShl in your home, Start
vT nV Anywhere, Any Time. 1
Dollar Money Order will bring you complete In-
formation and VALUABLE OFFERS Magazine
for 12 Months.

A. CERVENEC SYSTEM, Box 4, Buffalo, N. Y.

I The smartest, mostintcresting, entertaining and

         I	instructive Magazlnein Amerlcal 10 weeks for

         I	only 10c. Special introductory offer. No tnaga*

         1	zinc like it Full oil mpartant facts. pictures and

         I	the best, most popular fiction for all members oi

         I	the family. Send name, address and 10c today
         [_The_Pathflndcr. Dept P-2 Washington. D. C.'

Deluge,” “The Lost World,’*" ‘‘A Columbus of
Space,” “The Moon Pool,” “The Master Mind of
Mars” and some others I can’t recall, certainly
Were masterpieces. Give us more stories like
these; they are not only interesting as fiction
but the science they contain is easily digestible.

  I’d like to sec Amazing Stories twice a month,
but certainly not if you can't give us anything
better than “The War of the Worlds.” Illustra-
tions by Paul are very good, but don’t crowd out
any interesting reading matter for the sake of a
few sketches. Wishing Amazing Stories a long
and prosperous life. S. Francis Koblischke,
Chicago, 111.

  [The work of the distinguished author, H. G.
Wells, fails to impress some of our readers. The
curious feature of Mr. Wells' work is, that it has
an enormous acceptance by the reading public and
so high is the degree of approval awarded him
that we feel that nis very name carries weight.
One can criticize “Paradise Lost.” There is a
fault in prosody in the first line, but John Milton
shows, in his epic, the veritable glories of the
English language. So do not be too hard on Mr.
Wells.—EDITOR.]_

 _ ABOUT SOME OF OUR AUTHORS

Editor, Amazing Stories:

  Having been one of your constant readers from
the first issue, I'll take the liberty to write you
a few of my ideas regarding your good magazine.

  I am a lover of good scientifiction. I especially
like interplanetary stories of all the different
worlds and distant universes. I would be glad for
you to give us more of these kind of stories. And
while on this subject, let me ask you, why don’t you
publish some of the stories written by Homer Eon
Flint? I have read several of his planetary stories,
and all of them I enjoyed reading. I remember
in particular one of his stories that I liked very
much, “The Planeteer.” This story was published
several years ago in another magazine. (In
Argosy ’ or “AU-Story Magazine” about 1917 or
1918.) I would enjoy reading this story again,
and also some of his other stories. Can you print
this story and any of his others?

  Of the stories you have printed, some of my
favorite authors are A. Merritt, Edgar Rice Bur-
roughs, Garrett P. Serviss, and a few by H. G.
Wells. ^ The trouble with Wells in some of his
stories is he uses too many words in describing
a situation, and it becomes tiresome. However,
some of his stories are very good, and his science
is usually good. I consider “Station X” one of
your best stories. And as for your comedy stories,
I consider your magazine is no .place for them.
None of them are interesting, and I think most
of your readers will agree with me. It will please
me if you will leave them out of your magazine
entirely. And I have a suggestion to make you
and Mr. A. Merritt You have stated that Mr.
Merritt will give us a sequel to his story, “The
Face in the Abyss.” Why can’t he combine this
sequel with another of his stories, “The Moon
Pool?” That was an excellent story, and deserves
a sequel. Mr. Merritt could easily put the char-
acters of these two stories together into one real
good sequel, covering both stories. Both stories are
somewhat similar in their texture, science and

Merrtt?setting8‘ WiU you take this UP with Mr.
. With best wishes for the success of your maga-
zine, and hoping to see this letter printed in your
next issue and with your answers to my above
questions.	Charles Knight,

 ....	Little Rock, Ark.

  [We are sure that this letter will be read by
our authors with much interest, and we will take

Merrtt6 EDrroJi ]UP suggcst‘on *^r*

CLIMATE IN REMOTE GEOLOGIC AGES—
-..THE MORALITY OF THE MARTIANS

cattor, Amazing Stories:

  In the first place I wish to say how much
pleasure I derive from reading Amazing Stories.
You could not have chosen a better title, for
amazing they are. Some of them I read some
years ago. “The Second Deluge” was very good,
but others like “The Land That Time Forgot" is
a great strain on the imagination, for I should
say it was an utter impossibility for types of
fauna and flora of Palaeozoic, Mesozoic and Ceno-
zoic, to be living at the same time. I should
say that atmospheric conditions of the Mesozoic
period was unfit for life .of the Cenozic to ex-
ist In. Life of the Pliocene time to be in ex-
istence with the Jurassic, doesn’t sound feasible.
Again as regards .the* astronomical writers. Whv
do they always give poor little Mars such a bad
time? Simply because the planet is reddish in
tint doesn t necessarily mean it is of a sanguinary
disposition, which all fiction in regard to it seems
to suggest. The presumption is that being a
much older planet than the Earth it is by thou-
sands of years more civilized, if life exists at all.
lake Edgar Rice Burroughs’ latest brain wave,
Master Mind of Mars,” and all his other yarns
about Mars. It is nothing but battle, murder and
sudden death, besides having the most grotesque
forms of life imaginable. Tnere are men of pur-
ple, green, yellow and every color of the spectrum,
dressed like Roman warriors, with short swords
and,. Ye Gods! radium guns. Can you beat it?
Again, consider “The Man Who Saved the
Earth. Once more poor little Mars. She tried
to drain the Atlantic Ocean. Then we have H.
G. Wells “The War of the Worlds.” This is an
old story, but it is good fiction but at the same
time highly improbable. I think Mars is a very
(Continued on page 814)

Sky High!

AVIATION

  a life of thrills
  and big money!

^PHE glorious new

    business of Aviation
is open to you. It ia ■
business — the fastest
growing industry in
America — more olive
than the automobile
business was when for-
tunes began to be piled
up over night.

    The whole country's
awake—4,000 airports in America—
6,000 privately owned planes—16 air-
mail [lines — transport lines — trans-
oceanic service on the way—giant fac-
tories building planes and parts. Open
—why the industry is crying, starving
for men who know the fundamentals.
They’re wanted in the air and on the
ground—at the hangars—in the fac-
tories—pilots, inspectors, riggers—53
different trades. There’s big money
in this life of thrills, adventure, ad-
miration.

Easy to get your start now

At home, in your spare time, you can
learn the fundamentals of Aviation.
Lieut. Walter Hinton, first Trans-
Atlantic flyer, and his staff of experts
will guide your instruction from be-
ginning to end.

All the principal
ground work, so abso-
iutely necessary to
qualify, is secured.

When you have gradu-
ated from the Institute
you are ready to take
your place in Aviation.

 If you wish to become
 a pilot, final flight in-
 structions are given at
 Hoover flying fiejld in
 Washington oratother
 fields in all parts of the
 United States, in -p
 cooperation with p f^P1 A
 the Institute. A
 free flight to
 every graduate.

Get all the facts
about the Institute
course and the way
it leads to Oppor-
tunity. Do it now.

Send the coupon.

 Who’s next?

 Lindbergh,
 Chamberlin,
 Byrd, Noville,
 Acosta, Balchen.
 Hegenberger and
 Maitland—new
 names on the
 pages of famtl

Whoie name
next week or next
year?

 Aviation Institute of U. S. A., Suite 1811
 1115 Connecticut Ave., N. W.,

Washington, D. C.

 Send me without obligation a Free copy of
 “Aviation and You.”

Name..................................

Age (Not under 16)......................

Street..................................

City..........................State.....
Try this

You Can
Now, for the First

Time, Order Three Different
Magazines SENT TO THREE DIF-
FERENT ADDRESSES and Still Get the Very

Lowest Wholesale
Prices on Best Magazines!

THIS is NewsI Big news for magazine readers of all classes! By special arrangement with a number of pub-
lications, we are able to offer you wholesale prices on the best of the standard magazines. Buy your
magazines now under this great offer and you will save half or more than half the price at the single copy
or newsstand rate. And you will save almost half in nearly every instance over the regular yearly subscripton
rates. Furthermore* we shall be glad to send each magazine to a different address if you direct, or all to one, as
you wish.

  Never Before Such An Offer!

  Never before have magazine clubs been
offered in this way. Always heretofore
all magazines in the club had to be sent
to one person. We have changed all thatl
You can now have all the magazines sent
to yourself, or only one or two to yourself
and the other ones to different persons.

  Go In With Your Neighbors

   Show this offer to your friends, rela-
tives or neighbors. Give them the advan-
tage of wholesale price on their favorite
magazine! For instance, you’d like “Radio
News,** one friend wants to renew his
subscription for six months to “Review of
Reviews," and another one would like
“Illustrated Monthly.’’ Separately the
price would be $6.00; but you can buy
them now for only $2,991 Less than
half 1

  Every Magazine for a Full Year

  Every magazine (except two) sub-
scription will be for one full year.
“French Humor’’ will be 26 issues or six

months. And “Review of Reviews" may
be had for six months if full year is not
desired. If subscriber is already taking
any magazine and present subscription is
not yet expired, mark that name with an
X on the coupon order and subscription
will be added on to present one.

  Three Excellent Xmas Presents

  What would please friends and relatives
more—What would remind them of your
thoughtfulness so many times during the
year, as a subscription to a nice magazine I
What three presents could you buy for so
little money that would look so big? A
dollar or so apiece wouldn’t buy much of
a gift, but think what it buys here. If
you will mark "Xmas" on the Coupon
Order we will send the first copy of each
magazine to reach the name given just be-

fore Christmas and will also send a beau-
tifully engraved Christmas Card announc-
ing it as your gift.

 How to Order—Read Carefully

  Before the name of each magazine is a
number. Order by number only. If you
want “Radio News,** “Illustrated Monthly**
and “Success” sent to you, order numbers

I,	2 and 29. If you want “French Humor"
(26 issues) and "Illustrated Monthly"
and "Success" order 5, 2 and 29. If you
want these three sent to three addresses,
indicate by number which magazine is to
be sent to the respective name. Be sure
to send order coupon properly filled out
and don’t fail to enclose remittance—your
check will be acceptable. Order NOW.
We will be rushed later. Get in early and
get quick service.

CONSRAD CO., 230 Fifth Ave., New York

                 References: Equitable Trust Co., New York City; Experimenter
                 Publishing Co., or the publisher of any of the magazines quoted.

GIVE THEM FOR CHRISTMAS!
Money

                 SELECT FROM BARGAINS BELOW:

          All Magazines Are for One Year Each, Unless Otherwise Mentioned. Order at Once.

THESE PRICES NOT GOOD IN CANADA NOR ELSEWHERE OUTSIDE UNITED STATES

Vou get the pair of magazines listed (1) RADIO NEWS           (3) AMAZING STORIES      (4) SCIENCE & INVENTION  (S) FRENCH HUMOR-6 mo.   
in each column heading plus any one  (2) Illustrated Monthly  (2) Illustrated Monthly  (2) Illustrated Monthly  (2) Illustrated Monthly  
magazine below. Order by reference   and any magazine below.  and any magazine below.  and any magazine below.  and any magazine below.  
REGULAR OUR PRICE        REGULAR OUR PRICE        REGULAR OUR PRICE        REGULAR        OUR PRICE 
                                                                                                    
(6) American Boy                       $6.00 $3.99              $6.00 $3.99              $6.00 $3.99              $5.50            $3.69 
(7) American Magazine                   6.50             5.01    6.50             5.01    6.50 5.01                6.00             4.51 
(8) Better Homes & Gardens              4.60             2.79    4.60             2.79    4.60             2.79    4.10             2.49 
(9) Boy’s Life                          6.00             3.76    6.00             3.76    6.00             3.76    5.50             3.39 
(10) College Humor                      7.00             4.16    7.00             4.16    7.00 4.16                6.50             3.89 
(11) Collier’s Weekly                   6.00             4.66    6.00             4.66    6.00             4.66    5.50             4.39 
(12) Cosmopolitan                       7.00             5.01    7.00             5.01    7.00             5.01    6.50             4.69 
(14) Delineator                         7.00             4.98    7.00             4.98    7.00             4.98    6.50             4.69 
(15) Etude                              6.00             4.01    6.00             4.01    6.00             4.01    5.50             3.66 
(16) Everybody’s Magazine               6.50 4.28                6.50             4.28    6.50             4.28    6.00             4.09 
( 1 7) Golden Book                      7.00             4.01    7.00             4.01    7.00 4.01                6.50             3.69 
(18) Good Housekeeping                  7.00 5.01                7.00             5.01    7.00             5.01    6.50             4.73 
(19) Hunting & Fishing                  4.50             2.98    4.50             2.98    4.50             2.98    4.00             2.62 
(20) McCall's Magazine                  5.00             3.14    5.00             3.14    5.00             3.14    4.50             2.86 
(21) Modern Priscilla                   6.00             3.56    6.00 3.56                6.00             3.56    5.50             3.29 
(22) Motion Picture Magazine            6.50             4.48    6.50 4.4&                6.50             4.48    6.00             4.19 
(23) Open Road for Boys                 5.00 2.69                5.00             2.69    5.00             2.69    4.50             2.46 
(24) People's Home Journal              4.50 2.71                4.50             2.71    4.50             2.71    4.00             2.48 
(25) Pictorial Review                   5.50 3.75                5.50             3.75    5.50             3.75    5.00             3.54 
(26) Review of Reviews                  8.00             4.98    8.00             4.98    8.00             4.98    7.50             4.76 
(27) Rev, of Reviews (6 mo.)            6.00             2.99    6.00             2.99    6.00             2.99    5.50             2.74 
(28) Screenland                         6.50             3.48    6.50             3.48    6.50             3.48    6.00             3.29 
(29) Success Magazine                   6.50             3.79    6.50             3.79    6.50             3.79    6.00             3.58 
(30) Woman’s Home Comp’n.               5.00             3.49    5.00             3.49    5.00             3.49    4.50             3.31 
(3 1 ) Youth’s Companion                6.00             3.69    6.00             3.69    6.00             3.69             3^17 
 Special Combinations

  Or you can have either of the four

  Eairs of magazines given in column
  eadings plus these:

  (29) Success and (12) Cosmopolitan

 (23) Open Road for Boys, (19)
      Hunting and Fishing, (G) Bet-
      ter Homes and Gardsns. . .

 (20) McCall’s, (8) Better Homes and
       Gardens, and (24) People's
       Home Journal...........

 (28) Screenland, (10) College Hu
      mor, and (20) McCall’s.....

 (32) Popular Science and (33) Sci-
       entific American ..........

 (34) Woman’s World, (8) Better
      Homes and Gardens, (24) Peo-
      ple’s Home Journal and (35)
      Needlecraft .............

 REGULAR

  $9.50

  6.60

  6.10

  10.50

  10.00

  6.10

 OUR PRICE

  $6.01

  3.65

  3.49
  5.99

  7.49

  3.69

 Please be careful to mention num-
 bers. We positively will not break
 combinations.

These offers not good in
Canada or elsewhere out-
side the U. S.

                         SPECIAL OFFER COUPON!                            
Please Cut Out Along Broken Lines and Mail This Coupon with Remittance.   
        CONSRAD CO., Dept. M, 230 Fif h Ave., New York City,              
I enclose $.................. for fol owing subscriptions:                
   end Magazine No.................to   Send Magazine No...............to 
                                                                          
   end Magazine No.................to Send Magazine No.................to 
                                                                          
me "I Mv                                                                  
gazine 1                                                                  
                                                                          

^Win a

NASH

Sedan or

$1400 25

^	Someone who answers this ad will receive, absolutely free, a

  ■ • mW IB II fully equipped De Luxe Model Nash Sedan, or full value in cash
          vm/	if preferred ($1,085.00). In addition to this Naah Sedan we are

  alBO giving away, absolutely free, a latest model Chevrolet Coach or its cash value (1595.00), a
  Brunswick Panatrope Phonograph, a Six Tube, Single Dial Freshman Radio Receiving Set, a
  Corona Portable Typewriter and many other valuable prizes—besides Hundreds of Dollars in Cash.

Solve This Puzzle Now!

  The numbers In the squares to the right spell two words. The alphabet is numbered. A is 1,
  B is 2, C is 3, etc. Can you make out what the two words are? When you do this, send me your
  answer right away. It may mean winning the Nash Sedan or $1,400.00 in cash.

$315.00 Extra For Promptness

  In addition to the two automobiles, the many other valuable prizes and Hundreds of Dollars
  In Cash, we are also offering a Special Prize of $315.00 in Clash for Promptness. First prize winner
  will receive $1,400.00 in cash, or the Nash Sedan and $315.00 in cash. In caBe of ties duplicate
  prizes will be awarded each one tying. Get busy right away. Solve the puzzle and send me your an-
  swer together with your name and address written plainly. EVERYBODY REWARDED. Address

 M.L BOEING.

 Oept.1068

 323 So. Peoria St., Chicago, III

8

19

 _5

4

14

  ttlPmiybu

   '40 A DAY!

             To Show My Mystery New
             Cigarette Lighter to Men

                   Quick, easy profit for you with this
                        amazing Invention. Lights cigarettes
                        and cigars in strongest wind.
                        Does work of expensive lighters
                        but sells for only 50c, Guaran-
                        teed for 10 years.

                  Men Making Big Money

                        Elmers sold 48 in one day. Only
 one day’s sales to dealers easily nets you $38. Enormous
 steady repeat business. No experience necessary. Work
 full or spare time. Smokers and dealers buy on sight.
 Send 50c and name for special sample and sure fire selling
 plans. Satisfaction guaranteed. Masterllte Mfg. Co.,
 Desk L-28, 110 East 23rd St.. New York City.

Dou

EasyWay

 Learn at Home
 to Make Clcvfcr

1 Prepare now. No special ability needed if you learn at home byl

m.x------------j---^cal n,cthod. Student R. A. Hart

'.00 an hour in spare time.” Ray

----- -• -— ----,. ..—- »— »j $35 a day.” Other studonta make

*25 or more a week in spare time while learning — more when they
graduate. Good Show Card WriterB earn $50, $75 and $100 a week.

                     — — 1. Explains amasing opportn-
F 1C0 KSOOKa nities to make money ritfht
in your own neighborhood.
No obligation. No	will call. State age and Mr..Misaor Mrs.

WASHINGTON SHOW CARD SCHOOL
Ul7>15thSt.,N. W.( Dept. 261 IE, Washington, D. c<

8

1

SENSATIONAL BOOK OFFER

BRILLIANT NOVELS $■

IN BOOK FORM

The Thrilling Novels and Wondrous Romances of the
MOTION PICTURES
YOUR CHOICE of EIGHTEEN TITLES

  T?ACH story or novel complete in a 144 page 5^4x8 book set in large, readable type and
  profusely illustrated with scenes from the film. Greatest book value ever.

  If you have seen the pictures, the, fast moving, brilliantly written stories will thrill you. If you
  read the books first, you will find greater pleasure still in seeing the characters live for you
  with your favorite stars. Here are many delightful reading hours for $1.00, for these are not
  tiny booklets, but large, readable, library volumes.

  Below are given eighteen titles of which you may choose any eight. Clip the coupon below and
  enclose $1.00, mentioning the books you desire, and we will send them to you at once postpaid.
  This is the most sensational book offer this season. It may never again be repeated. We
  expect thousands of requests for these books. Place your order now to insure prompt delivery.

 New York
 Campus Flirt
 Almost a Lady
 The Love Thief
 Les MIserables
 That’s My Baby

 HERE ARE THE TITLES
 7.

  The Dixie Flyer
  The New Klondike
  Forbidden Waters
  Sensation Seekers
  The Rambling Ranger
  Don’t Tell the Wife

 The Road to Mandalay
 Tracked by the Police
 Tell it to the Marines
 What Happened to Jones
 The King of the Jungle
 The Cat and the Canary

PLACE YOUR ORDER NOW WHILE THE SUPPLY LASTS
We Expect to Fill Thousands of Orders for This Amazing Offer.
Send Your Dollar Now to Insure Prompt Delivery.

 CONSRAD COMPANY, INC., 230 Fifth Ave., N. Y.

 Gentlemen I enclose $1.00 for books number.............

 as advertised above.

Name .................................................................................

Address ....................................................................Cify, State..

  much maligned planet. If there is a form of high
  intelligence on Mars I don’t suppose for one
  moment it bears the slightest resemblance to man.
  Mars, being many millions of years in advance of
  the Larth has presumably passed beyond the man
  stage of existence, just as certainly as man will
  pass from Earth to give place to an infinitely
  higher form of life, and a beautiful form at that,
  and not a monstrosity like H. G. Wells would have
  us belieye. In the law of evolution nature never
  retrogrades, always advances. It may possibly
  appear to retreat at times but it is for a pur-
  pose. She re-advances with renewed energy. I
  hope this letter has not bored you, Mr. Editor, for
  I am earnest in my humble efforts, and I cer-
  tainly do believe in an Almighty Intelligence which
  stands supreme. This is my faith and my knowl-
  edge. Life is continuous and indestructible.

                                  R. L. Morris,
  Toronto, Ont.
  [It is not safe to differentiate the climates of
  geologic eras too definitely. Undoubtedly in the
  carboniferous era conditions were very favorable
  to vegetable growth, but there was much animal
  life then and it seems to be going too far to
  affirm that it was climate alone that controlled and
  governed the fauna and flora of past epochs in
  the world’s history. We find man living in vari-
  ous climates on the present sphere; the difference
  between the climate of the arctic zone and of the
  temperate zone and still more of the torrid zone,
  is extremely great, yet man lives in all of them.
  On the coast of Peru, the natives are more fright-
  ened at a rainstorm which occurs perhaps once in
  several years, than they are at an earthquake,
  which visitations are extremely frequent there.
  So man, at least, could have endured the climatic
  conditions of pretty nearly any of the ages^ you
  mention. It is hard to say why Mars is “picked
  upon.” We say that nature never retrogrades;
  is it not fair to say that humanity, devoting its
  highest science to the development of lethal gases
  for the next world war and devising other methods
  of destroying human life “preparing for war
  times of peace,” has been forced to take a retro-
  gressive step?—EDITOR-1

A VERY SHORT AND SHARP CRITICISM
OF H. G. WELLS

  Editor, Amazing Stories:

    While reading the August number of Amazing
  Stories, I became interested in H. G. Wells’
  “War of the Worlds.’* I learned that a shot from
  a cannon was capable of putting a Martian war
  machine out of commission, ana as later it was
  found that it was impossible to use cannons why
  didn’t they send out airplanes? Immediately
  after learning this fact I lost all interest in the
  story.	S. Kaufman,

                                 New York.

    [We suppose that the above letter may be con-
  sidered a sort of a metaphorical shot from a can-
  non to knock a very distinguished author from the
  pedestal on which thousands of admirers have
  placed him. He may fairly be termed a present-
  day classic.—EDITOR.!

 A CURIOUS MOVEMENT IN FLORIDA-

AMAZING STORIES IS A MONTHLY

  Editor, Amazing Stories:

    Find the enclosed clipping from one of the
  newspapers. To put it slangily, they are “all wet!"
  I refer generally to the opposition to H. G. Wells.
  I think some of his stories are the best that I've
  ever read. I hope you continue inserting at least
  one in every issue.

    I have procured your Annual and was very well
  pleased with it. I think such a book as that should
  be published every six months. I for one would
  surely be eager to get it. I especially liked “The
  Master Mind of Mars.”

     Among the stories that I like best since I have
  been getting Amazing Stories are the following:
  “The Moon Pool,” “The Time Machine,” “The
  War of the Worlds,” “The Green Splotches,” “The
  Star of Dead Love.” (I hc\pe you put more of
  Mr. Merritt’s work in the coming issues. Mr.
  Merritt deserves a merit for this story. It was
  one of the best that you have published.)

    When I bought my Annual I also asked for
  Amazing Stories for September and they said that
  you didn’t publish one for September, but that
  the Annual came out in its place. I think there
  must be a mistake, isn’t there? I got so inter-
  ested in “The War of the Worlds,” and then found
  that I had such a long wait until the second in-
  stallment.

    I am sixteen years old and have been taking
  Amazing Stories for about nine months. I'm
  sorry I missed the first issues.

    I	wish much success to Amazing Stories for the
  future.

H. G. WELLS, FREUD ASSAILED IN

FLORIDA

    Tallahassee, Fla., Aug. 10 (AP)—Freud,
    George Bernard Shaw and El. G. Wells were
    among the authors included in a list of “inde-
    cent, immoral, and filthy text and reference
    books and many rotten fiction books” which a
    group of deacons of the First Baptist church
    here told Gcn>ernor John W. Martin are in
    use in the libraries of Florida’s higher institu-
    tions of learning.

    The deacons, upon suggestion of Governor
    Martin, will submit a written report, to the
    State Board of Education at its weeklv meeting
    next Tuesday,	Lester Sodeman,

ra,. .	Toledo, Ohio.

     II	he clipping, which our correspondent has sent
  us and which we take pleasure in publishing, is

(Continued on page 816)
MONEY-MAKING

Opportunities

tailoring salesmen make root

money selling Davis virgin wool, made-to-
measure suits. Low-priced, perfect-fitting,
guaranteed. Beautiful fabrics. New mer-
chandising plan doubles sales. Liberal!
bonuses, cash prizes. Write now. P. II. Davis
Tailoring Co.. Station 30. Cincinnati, Ohio.

Photo Medallion Agents Earn $20 Daily.
Easy work collecting photos. Capital or ex-
perience unnecessary. Give you 4-day service
on beautiful photo reproductions. Write
Pudlin, Dept. 116. 259 Bowery, New York.

No Matter What You Arc Selling,
spare or full time, you can make big, easy,
extra dally profits. Every man a customer
for Motortex—the new neavy, warm, all

wool tailored, dressy, serviceable	suit.
Worth $35.00. Sells at §19.95.	Pays
you 33.00 and $4.00 commissions. 37
features. Spot proof and dlrtproof.	No
competition. Wrlto for free outfit.	Har-
rison Bros.: Dept. 558, 133 W.	21st
St., New York.

Agents—$13.80 Daily (in advance) Spare
time will do; introduce 12 months' guaranteed
hosiery; 57 styles, 39 colors, for men, women,
children. "Silk to the Top” ladles' hose—men’s
fancies. No capital or experience needed. We
furnish samples. Silk hose for your own use
free. New Plan. Macochee Hosiery Co.,
Road 92811, Cincinnati. Ohio.

Agents—90c An Hour Earned Advertising

and distributing samples to consumer. Write
quick for territory and particulars. American
Products Co., 9-165 Monmouth, Cincinnati. O.

500 Men Wanted to earn $90 Weekly.
Wonderful new line men’s suits. Amazing
values $9.95 up. Rizaldl averages $4 hourly.
We train you. No experience or capital
needed. Write .Comer Mfg. Co.; Dept.

TS-4, Dayton, Olilv_

Agents: Amazing new 3-in-l lingerie 1
combination for women making sensational 1
hit. S15.00 dally easy. Spare or full time,
Free Outfit. French Fashion Company. I
Dept. R-100, 9 North Franklin, Chicago. 111. I
Make $100 weekly selling better-quallty §
all-wool made-to-measure suits and overcoats. I
Highest commissions. Extra bonus for pro-1
riucers. Large swatch samples free. W. Z.;
Gibson, Inc.. 157 W. Harrison. Chicago.

Salesmen: Write Your Name and Ad-
dress on postal and mall to us. We'll |
show you sure earnings of §20 a day. §
Will you risk one minute and a one I
cent stamp against $20? Mind you, 0,
we say we'll show you. Address Sales-1
manager, 850 W. Adams, Dept. 619, K
Chicago.

EARN $87-$ll0 WEEKLY SELLING!

CHRISTMAS CARDS. Full or spare time, n
$10 sample book FREE. Weekly payment. B
Experience unnecessary. We co-operate. John P
Hertel Co.. 320 Washington, Chicago, 111.

WANT $500? Sell Beautiful Dresses, |
Coats, Scarfs. Sweaters. Amazing low prices, K
We deliver. Exp. unnecessary. Complete outfit g
free! Write Hlrshey Knitting Mills, 2001B
South California Avenue, Chicago.

MAKE BIG MONEY HANDING OUtB
MYSTIC "ZIPPO” Red Hot 50o Household I
Seller! New Amazing Discovery! Quick Dem-g
onstration Brings Immediate Cash Profits for Q
Agents! Write “ZIPPO” Co.. Fort Wayne. Ind. ||
Sensational New Adjustable Cap fits
everybody. Sells at sight. Make $50 to $75
weekly writing orders. Commissions in ad-
vance. Complete outfit Free. Flts-U Cap Co.,
Pent. M-105, Cincinnati, Ohio.

I Will Pay You $2 An Hour to
take orders for Carlton dresses and
coats. “Women in every home, store,
factony and office eager to save a third
on our 6tunning Paris styles. Every-
thing supplied Free but only applica-
tions stating territory, experience and
references will be considered. Carlton; Inc.,
206 South Wabash. Dept. 332-B. Chicago.

Windows washed in 10 seconds without (J
pall, sponge or brush. A fast $1.95 seller. 90% ||
profit. Agents make $70-8110 weekly. Easy If
work. Write Wonder Washer, Dept. SM3. |

33 East 10th St.. New York.____

Make $25.00 daily selling colored Rain-
coats and Slickers, Red, Blue, Green, etc. $2.95. n
Hat Free. Commissions dally. Outfit Free, a
Elliot Bradley, 241 Van Buren, Dept. 10-AF.T

Chicago. Illinois._ I

Men—join hundreds others making $20 H
daily with famous Nogar $12.50 suits. Tremen-I
dons advertising support. Astounding wearfl
demonstration makes quick sales certain. Free H
kit. Write today. Nogar Clothing Mfg. Co.,r
48 Fourth St... Reading, Pa.

Own your own business. Inexperienced 1
workers, spare time or full time, build profitable I
business with our new plan. Show marvelous I
line of actual shoes. Men's, women's and ehil-1
dren's. Also durable silk hosiery. We start!
you by furnishing $40 sample outfit. Patented R
measurement system Insures perfect fit. Every B
day pay day. If you want a permanent busl-r
ness, send for free book "Getting Ahead.” L
Write now. Tanners Shoe Manufacturing Co., I
1111C Street, Boston, Mass.

New lines just out. Everything in I

hosiery; underwear and Rayon lingerie for |
men, women, children. Beautiful, irre-1
sistlble Catalog and Samples now ready. I
New special big money plans. Cash bonus.!
service awards, rapid promotion. No capital ■
needed. Choice territories going. Rush ■
reply to World's star KoJttiDS Co.; 7S91
Lafce St.; Say city; Mictu

Follow a Straight-Line
—and WIN!

Do you need more money
to enjoy Life ? Would you
like to own your own home?
When do you think you'll
buy that new automobile?

} If you really want to sue*
ceed, you must try. This
may be your lucky day. Find
the right opportunities and
enjoy prosperity.

You don’t need expert
encc. You don't need capi-
tal. You can even hold your
regular job, doing this pleas*
ant work in spare time.

_ But you must get started

BH sometime. If you want to
succeed, choose the com*
panies that appeal to you;
Please don’t write unless
you mean business.

 To the Public: These firms
 offer you merchandise values,
 a convenient service that you
 cannot duplicate elsewhere.

To Manufacturers: For adver*
I tising rates,addressPublishers
I Classified Service, o East 46th
{ St., New York.

Women Representatives Wanted. New

Invention prevents shoulder straps slipping. No
more discomfort. Women adore it. Write for
particulars, free offer. Lingerie “V” Company,
5 Lake St.. North Windham, Conn._

 New Vest Pocket Adding Machine

selling like wildfire. Hundreds of agents
making $18.00 a day. Wrlto or wire for
sample and territory. M. Cleary, Reliable
Adding Machine Co., 170 W. Washington St.,
Chicago. (Not an ordinary offer.) _

Pay Day Every Dayl Every Man
can use a new suit or overcoat. You
can make big money selling All Wool
New York tailored styles priced at $19.75,
$24.75, $29.75, $34.75. Leatherette case
with all wool patterns and actual
photographs tree. Write today. Har-
rison Bros.; Dept. 858, 133 W. 21st
St., New York.

 S100 WEEKLY REPRESENTING LARGE

SHIRT company—direct to wearer—wonder-
ful opportunity for financial Independence.
Big commissions—easy to take orders—we
start you with a sales-compelling outfit free.
Write at once. Supremo Shirt Co., Desk
M106, 276 Fifth Ave., New York.

America’s Greatest Tailoring Line Free!

130 large Swatch Samples—All Wool—Tailored
to Order—Union Made—Sensational low price.
Get outfit at once. Address Dopt. 234, Good-
wear, 844 W. Adams. Chicago.

$20 dally easy selling amazing rain-proof

■	caps. Made-to-measure. Finest fabrics and
styles. Big advance profits. Free outfit
and free cap offer. Taylor Cap Manufac-
‘----------------- M, Ohio.

turers. Dept. B-51, Cincinnati,

S100 WEEKLY IN ADVANCE. NEW
Line $50.00. Tweed Suits $24.00. Gen-

                           ■	ulno All Virgin Wool. Fit guaranteed.
■Nothing like them in America. Big samples
tree. Manager, 44 North Ada; Chicago. Hi.

Big Steady Earnir.gs, $35-$100 Weekly
assured reliable energetic men and women sell-
ing famous Watkins Products. Millions of users
everywhere. Write for our surprising new plan.
Watkins, CS-3, Winona, Minn.

Agents, distributors—over 100% profit
selling Auto Tow Line—strongest, lightest
w,i. on market. Retails $2,00. Sample $1 post-
vTj; paid. Less in quantities. Special offer and
amazing new selling plan FREE. Wilman
Co., Dept. N-65, Toledo. Ohio.

FREE! To honest men over 18: new

                            patented cigarette lighter. Show your friends
                            and make $90 weekly. Send 25c to cover
                            mailing costs and mention name of tbls
                            magazine. E. Z. Lighter, Dept. 2-G, 15
                            Westminster Road. Brooklyn. N. Y.

Earn $80 weekly taking orders for

                          charming Fashion Frocks for women and
                          children. Factory prices. Advance com-
                          missions. No experience necessary. Fashion
                          Frocks. Inc., Dept. J-100, Cincinnati. Ohio.

                              Free Book Showing Hundreds. Best sell-
                            ers from all parts of world, at Wholesale Prices,
                            Agents making $100 weekly. Sporss Importing
                            Co.. Lesueur Center, Minn._

                            Large Manufacturer Wants Agents to
                          sell, to wearer, world’s greatest shirt values.
                          Experience unnecessary. Big commissions paid
                          daily. S100 weekly. Extra bonuses and profit-
                          sharing. Samples free. Carlton Mills, 114
                          Fifth Ave., Dept. 348-S. New York.

                              Christmas Novelty. Every Store, office
                            and home a prospect. Sold day or evening.
                            Plan now to make S25.00 dally, upward,
                            during December. Cash sales—no order tak-
                            ing. Sample and literature Free. Consoli-
                            dated. 65-Z Van Buren, Chicago._

                            75 miles on 1 gallon. New moisture
                          humidifier and Gas Saver. All cars. Agencies
                          wanted everywhere. 400% Profits. 1 I'ree to
                          introduce. Critchlow, A-374, Wheaton. III.

                           Cap Salesmen—Write for Big Money-
                         Making proposition calling on retail stores.
                         The L. B. Cap Company, 804-806-808 Syca-
                         more Street. Cincinnati, Ohio.

Great neckwear line now free! Features

                            finest quality neckwear at factory prices.
                            Collect big commissions dally. Write for
                            FREE tie offer and FREE outfit. Nawco
                            Neckwear, Desk 11-Z, Covington, Ky.

                          Bankrupt and Rummage Sales. Make
                        $50daily. Westartyou, furnishing everything.
                        Permanent business. Free details. Dlstrlbu-
                        tors, Dept. 279, 429 W. Superior, Chicago.

Current Ideas Magazine. How to Make
Ideas Popular. Scientific articles. At your

                            Sewsdealer orsend 25cstamps or coin. Current
                            leas, 420 Lexington, New York

Send 25 Cents for a $1.00 Pocket Cigar

                           Lighter and learn how to make $10.00 a
                           day Easy. Sells on sight. Particulars FREE.
                           Rapid Manufacturing Co.; 799C Broadway,
                           New York.

BIG PAY EVERY DAY! Complete guar*

anteed line direct to wearer. Dress Shirts,
Work Shirts, Flannels, Overalls, Pants, Leather
Coats, Sweaters, Playsuits. $10-$25 dallyl Ex-
perience unnecessary. Big Outfit FREE! Nim-
rod Co.. Dept. 58,4922-28 Lincoln Ave., Chicago.

Extra Pants Free With $15.00 Suits.

Up-to-date Patterns. Agents make $3.00 In
advance. Write Free Samples. Universal
Tailors, 640 Broadway, New York.

We Start You Without a Dollar, Soaps,

Extracts, Perfumes, Toilet Goods, experi-
ence unnecessary. Carnation Company, Dept.
593, St. Louis. Mo.

Will you wear a pair of genuine

tailor-made BhocB at my expense? Will
you show them to your friends and take
their orders? I will ALSO send you FREE
our big selling Outfit showing 70 shoe
styles and 60 actual leather samples.
I pay my agents $8.00 dally. Write
quick. Tailor-Made Shoe System; 932
~7rlghtwood. Dept. 10-A, Chicago, 111.

Salesmen—Just Out, $8.88 for Men’s

suits; commission $3 in advance: free selling
kit. The 888 Company, Dopt. 7, Fort
Wayne. Ind.__

KNOWLEDGE IS POWER!

Learn While You Earn!

   fclectrlclty Made Amazingly Easy! Learn
In 12 weeks on actual Electrical Machinery in
great School of Coyne. Not by correspondence.
No books—no lessons. Employment Service
for life after graduation. Get the facts. Send
for big free book today. Coyne Electrical School,
Dept. 87-75,500 South Paulina St., Chicago. 111.

   Be a Hotel Hostess, Opportunities Every-
where, fashionable hotels, clubs, apartments.

Fasclnatlug profession; previous experience un-
necessary. Simplified home-study plan qualifies
you for well-paid position. We put you In touch
with positions. Write today. Lewis Hotel Traln-
Ing Schools. Sta. AM-W661. Washington, D.C.

  HIGH-SALARIED POSITIONS wait-
ing for you in automobile, tractor and
airplane work. I'll train you in eight
short weeks so you can earn $45.00 to
$75.00 a week — unlimited future for good
men. Qualify as an expert and own your

own garage or service station. Write me
TODAY for big FREE AUTO BOOK.
Your Railroad rare included in this big

special offer. The opportunity of a life-
time— don't miss it by delay. J. H.
McSweeny, The Auto Man, Address,
X300—654 E. McMillan; Cincinnati, or
X300 —1815 E. 24th St.. Cleveland.
Ohio. Please mention this magazine._

Steamship Positions—Men—Women.

Good pay. See the world Free. Experience
unnecessary. Send self addressed envelope for
list. Drawer 122, Mount Vernon, N. Y.

Men, get Forest Ranger job; $125-$200

month. Home furnished; liunt, fish, trap on
side; permanent, no strikes or shut-downs; full
pay vacations. For details, write Norton, 270
McMann Bldg.; Denver, Colo._

  The greatest book on money making
stunts that has ever been published will be
mailed to you if you will send us 15c in cash
or stamps. There are over 50 up-to-date
workable plans. Address SPARETIME
MONEY MAKING, 230 Fifth Avenue, New
York Clcy.

U. S. Govt, wants men. $1,900-$2,700

at start. Railway Postal Clerk exams, coming.
Our former government examiner prepares you
for this and other branches. Free booklet.
Dept. 269, Patterson School, Rochester, N. Y„

Earn $25 Weekly. Spare Time, Writing

for Newspapers, Magazines; exp. unnecessary.
Copyright Book "How to Write for Pay”
Freel 1307 Press Syndicate. St. Louis, Mo.

All Men—Women, 18-50, Wanting to

qualify for Forest Ranger, Ry. Mail Clerk,
Special Agent, and other Govt. Positions
$140-8250 month, write Mr. Ozment, Dept.
137, St. Louis. Mo._

$$$ for Photoplay Plots. Stories revised.

opyrighted. marketed. Estab. 1917. Booklet
free. Universal Scenario Co., 290 Western &
SantaMonlca Bldg., Hollywood. Calif.

$158-$225 month. Railway Postal Clerks.

Steady work; men 18 up. 25 coached free. Com-
mon education sufficient. Write immediately.
Franklin Institute, Dept. P-91. Rochester, N.Y.

  New Free Book "Modern -Salesman-
ship.” Shows you quick, easy way to make big
money selling. Inexperienced mensoon become
big producers, experienced men double and
treble sales. Free Employment service. Writev
no obligation. National Salesmen's Tr. Assn.,
N. S. T. A. Bldg., Dept. S, Chicago.

HELP US AND WIN A FREE PRIZE

Thousands of ambitious folks are studying
and profiting by these classified columns each
month. Now we want to become better ac-
quainted with our readers. If you will answer
these five simple questions, we will send you
with absolutely no charge and obligation a
nice present.

                              1.	Are you favorably known in your commu-
                              nity?

                              2.	What is your occupation?

                              8. Why do you buy this magazine?

   4. Why do you like or dislike this page of
“Money-Making Opportunities”?

6. Would you like to make some money for
Christmas and a bigger income in 1928 ?

In appreciation of this favor we will send
everybody who answers the above questions a
uaof ul valuable souvenir. Please state whether
you wish this prize for a lady or a gentleman.
Write your answers on any kind of paper.
Address Souvenir Manager, P.C. S., “

9 EaBt 46th St., New Yorjj, City.
            High School
  Course in
  ---2 Years,

     Thl9 simplified, complete High School
  Course—speciallyprepared for home study
  by leading professors—meets all require-
  ments for entrance to college, business, and
  20 Afftpv leading professions,
  y W111CI over 200 noted Engineers. Bub-
  I ,n 11 f C O O inessMen. and Educators helped
  f,	prepare the special instruction

  H which you need for success. No matter what i

which

      your

toe:

\

   _ you need for success. No matter what
your inclinations may be, you can't hope
to succeed without specialized training. Lot '

Uffire you the practical training you need*

American School

Drsxal A vs. & 58th Straat

Dept. H-8291, Chicago

  Money Back When You Finish If Not Satisfied

 AmaricanSchool. 0eptH-829i OrmlAve. and 58UiSt.,Chicago

 Sand ma full information on the aub|ect chocked and
 how you will help me win success In that line.

  ...Architect
  ,...Building Contractor
  ...Automobile Engineer
  ....Civil Engineer
  ...Structural Engineer
  ....Business Managor
  ...C. P. A. A Auditor
  ...Bookkeeper
  ...Draftsman tk Designer

  ...Electrical Engineer

 ......General Education

 ......Lawyer

  ......Mach. Shop Practice

  ......Mechanical Engineer

 ......Steam Engineer

  ......Sanitary A Heating

 ......Surveyor A Mapping

  ......High Sc*mI Graduate

You can now Own a

 Think of it! You can now get
 a Genuine Underwood for only $3
 down and small monthly payments.
 Special FREE TRIAL Offer

  Don’t send any monev now, just mail in the
  coupon for full information about our special
  free trial offer and special prices ano terms.

Any One Can Operate a
Typewriter

  You can learn to write on this machine:
  week s timr We will *?ive you FREE
  a typist’s manual ano a FREE course
  in touch typewriting! Write at once,
  don’t delav. send the coupon NOW!

  Shipman-Ward ?. Co..

  2868 Shipman BIok. Chicago

Name----

  Address,, .

Because I Love You

              MOST BEAUTIFUL
              GIFT BOOK THAT
              MONEY CAN BUY!

                         Always appropriate as gift lo
                         Sweetheart or Friend. Con-
                         tains more than 250 of
                         world’s sweetest and tenderest
                         love poems. A beautiful book
                         that any man can give at any
                         time of the year and know in
                         advance that it will be cher-
                         ished. Never grows old! Fine
                         enough for the richest, and
                         priced within reach of all.
                         No nicer »ift anywhere for
                         twice the price. Make her
                         happy! The title alone will
                         tell her volumes!

                           SPECIAL OFFER:

                         £end $2.25 and this exquisite
                         Hook will be sent, together
                         with a complimentary copy of
                         REAL COINAGE. A Regular
                         §3.00 value. Satisfaction
                         guaranteed. Don't delay I
                         Dept. A, Battle Creek, Mich.

 238 pages. Fine laid pa-
 per. Whiteartcloth ribbed
 binding. Flower design and
 title in gold on side and
 back. Gold top. Uncut
 edges. I i-4 lbs. Boxed.
 LOCOMA PUB. CO.,

FORESTRANGERS

           Forest Ranger job; S125-S200 mo. and home
  «r£TedJ*Kr^?n,ern,: W/ tr*P- For details, write
  Norton, .030 McMann Bldg., Denver, Colo.

  certainly interesting; the State of Florida cannot
  undertake to run the universe from the standpoint
  of literature. Amazing Stories comes out every
  month- your newsdealer was in error. If you
  did not get your September number, we will he
  glade to supply you.—EDITOR.]

OUR OCTOBER ISSUE

  Editor, Amazing Stories:

    I want to tell you my impressions of the Oc-
  tober issue of Amazing Stories.

    Ray Cummings’ story, “Around the Universe,”
  was delightful and but for one thing would be great.

  I mean the feeling the reader gets that the author
  is laughing at him. Satire is different—it is laugh-
  ing at every one but yourself. But somehow
  Mr. Cummings gives me the atmosphere of ridicul-
  ing me on every page. You know, a reader is a selfish
  animal—the author must please him. It’s a vague
  point, though, and the story was good. Inci-
  dentally more of the same type will be welcome.

     Wells is always the master. 1 get tired eulogiz-
  ing hitn every mouth.

     “The Winged Doom” was great, gigantic, thril-
  ling—again, except for one thing: The atmosphere
  is nothing more than a reproduction of anti-German
  propaganda during the war. A scientific story—
  to be scientific—must be universal. Mr. Gilbert
  has done the same thing Burroughs did in “The
  Land that Time Forgot” and Merritt in ‘‘The
  Moon Pool.” 1 wish your authors would cut
  that out—the Germans (or Mr. Gilbert’s unnamed
  future enemy that resembles the Germans so much)
  are human beings.

     Garret Smith easily takes his place with Bur-
  roughs for interest—and is less fantastic. The
  story so far is good.

    There seem? to be some attraction to you, Mr j
  Editor, in a foreign story. In the last issue you 1
  had “The Malignant Flower,” bv Anthers, from
  Germany—poorly written and an idea too much |
  used. Now you have “The P adise of the Ice
  Wilderness,” from Norway, vv-.ich is only better I
  written. (You know I se. great store by two
  things: style and atmosphe.c.)

     Your editorial was interesting, but I take it
  with a grain of salt; n that 1 believe a person
  must have a wide reading and must have thought
  of scientific and philosophic subjects on his «-wn
  account in order to understand and appreciate and
  be safe from harming himself scientifically. Do
  you get me? To be frank, the e is harm in your
  magazine to one who has not the qualifications
  set out above. Science is not everything and the
  future is not everything. G. K. Chesterton sets
  this forth much better than I can in IVhat’s Wrong
  with the World.

    I'm not going to quit reading Amazing Stories
  just the same.	Abraham Segal,

                            Philadelphia, Penna.

     fAn editor is always delighted when he is made
  the target for a well directed ‘Brickbat.’* You
  will not harm yourself bv readint the stories we
  publish, nor, we believe, will *«ny ot our other
  readers. Everything pu-flishet. by us is fiction,
  but there is science galoie in our pages and our
  magazine will be found to give a vast amount of
  scientific instruction. Your letter is thoroughly
  appreciated, therefore, as an enlightened criticism
  should always be, whether we agree with the writer
  or not. We are glad you like the paradoxical
  Chesterton. We are sure you will never stop read*
  ing Amazing Stories.—EDITOR.]

   A READER IN THE FAR NORTH

  Editor, Amazing Stories:

    Allow me to compliment you on publishing such
  a remarkable story, “The Colour_ Out of Space.’1
  It is one of the best I have read in your magazine
  for a long time.

    Although I am only twenty-one, I have been
  very interested in scientific inventions and super-
  natural stories for the last ten years. Stories by
  Edgar Allan Poe, Shx Rhomer and other sensa-
  tional writers are my favorites, and I have dabbled
  a little in electrical experiments; unfortunately
  funds would not allow of my purchasing instru-
  ments which 1 required. In a year or two I hope
  to be in a position where I can obtain certain in-
  struments with which to experiment.

     May I offer a suggestion as to the contents of
  “Amazing Stories?” Why not have a one-page
  article every month on the construction of some
  piece of apparatus, e. g., television, telephotography,
  etc., giving particulars how to build a cheap yet
  working instrument. Right at the moment I cannot
  give you an idea as to the different apparatus which
  I would like to sec described, but if you decide to
  commence such a series I could give you a list.

     Being so far from civilization up here (350 miles
  north of Edmonton) has a number of disadvan-
  tages. If I require books or chemicals or apparatus
  I need to send outside for them and sometimes have
  to wait two weeks for them. However, I do not
  intend to be here very long and when I get down
  to a city I will start once more on my experiments.

  It must lie four years now since I handled the
  “junk” of my experimenting apparatus and I look
  forward to the day when I can devote all my time
  to some work I have in view.

     Wishing you every success,

                        Win. H. Macpherson,
                                  Berwyn, Can.

     [We have gone nearly to the arctic circle for
  this great compliment bestowed upon the story
  entitled. ‘*The Colour Out of Space.” We are
  especially interested in a letter about this story
  because so many of our readers have expressed
  so many opinions about it. How happy an editor
  would be if he could please everybody.

is Here/!!

Learn Picture
Transmission

The greatest marvel of the
20th Century

 THE marvel of Radio Broadcasting',
 the transmission of the voice and
 music over the air is no longer the
 greatest achievement of this precocious
 20th century.

 We now have TELEVISION—the
 transmission of events over land wires
 or by radio. A tremendous step ahead
 of even Radio.

 For many years experiments on
 Television have been diligently made by
 many famous inventors and engineers.
 Step by step machines have been cor-
 rected, improved and simplified—until
 today—practical machines are in con-
 stant operation, annihilating distances
 in picturing events to the eager public,
 Here is the first and only book in
 print that gives you the complete story
 of Television from earliest experiments
 to the present day machines.

BUILD A HOME
APPARATUS

  The book is the most complete publication of
  its kind. It gives you the history, the jacts
  and the full instructions on how to build, in
  your own home, an up-to-date model Tele-
  vision apparatus. 116 Pages of Television.
  Hundreds of Illustrations. Size 9x12 inches.

50c

ON ALL NEWSSTANDS
or use this coupon

■ ■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■•■■■■■■■■■a*

 EXPERIMENTER PUB. CO., Inc.

  230 Fifth Ave., New York
  Gentlemen: I enclose 50c for one copy of
  “ALL ABOUT TELEVISION.”

Name........................................................................

Address....................................................................

City, State....................................“.........................
AMAZING STORIES

817

Marvelous Townsend

“B” Socket Power Unit

Complete-NOW

London, Ont., Can.
"Am very well pleas-
ed with your Elimi-
nator. Since using it
f have had many
more stations and
greater distance."

C. E. Bond.

        Dewey. Okla.
 "I am more pleased
 with your Eliminator
 than I was with bat-
 teries."

B. E. Doureton.

     Renova. Penn.
"I have received the
Townsend Eliminator
and it works fine."
Clarence Witchey.

Replaces “B” Batteries

  Enjoy greatly improved recei>-
  tion and forget unreliable "B”
  battery nuisance. Every part
  in the Townsend "B” Socket
  Power Unit is made and as-
  sembled in our own factory.
  That is why we can give you
  a high grade instrument at a
  startlingly low price, with areal
  guarantee of money back if
  not satisfied. Delivers up to
  100 volts on any set, on direct
  or alternating current—any
  cycle. Full tone, clarity and
  volume.

ORDER TODAY

  Just put your name and address on
  a piece of paper, pin a $1.00 bill
  to it and mail today. Your “B”
  Socket Power Unit will be sent
  promptly. Deposit only $5.85,
  plus postage, with the postman.
  Try out for ten days—then if not
  delighted by improvement in
  reception, return it to us and
  purchase price will be refunded.
  Send today.

TOWNSEND LABORATORIES
Dept. 41

  713 Townsend St. Chicago, IU.

  The Old
  Reliable
  Credit
  Jewelers

                                   I Dept F303
                                   1 108
                                   N. State St.

IBR0S.&C0.iSS Chi“g0

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Money Back

DIAMONDS

Genuine Diamonds Gua ranteed

  V For lower prices and a better selection—order your «
  rgifta from Loftisl See these three great specials—

I you# choice at $43.75 each — tremendous values!

  I Rings and watches are 18K solid white gold set with
  I dazzlingbluewhiteDiamondslTermes$4.37down,bal-
  I ancepayableweekly.semi-monthlyormonthly. Shlp-
  1 pod i NO MONEY DOWN)sub|ect to your free exam-
  | (nation, on request. SEND FOR FREE CATALOGI

H3Z§

 [4il.ooa.WEEK/

 No.
 865
 i\S\ $1.00 I

* wk* I

Btrea 100 Alphabets'” and Design".
bound in flexible Imt. leather, jrold

jle Imt. leather, gold edK«w,
and fonr ball bearinfr Snow Cara ""Jl
Pens. Book and Pens sent postpaid

f°gtMePub.Col,57RdsoSU^pt. 14,NcwT0rft

How to obtain
A Perfect Looking Nose

 My latest Improved Model 25 eorrerts
 now ill-,shaped noses flUickly. painlessly,
 permanently and comfortably at home.
 It is the only noseshaplng appliance
 of precise adjustment and a safe and
 guaranteed patent device that will
 actually give you a perfect looking nose.
 Write for free booklet which tells you
 how to obtain a perfect looking nose.
 M. Trllety, Pioneer Noseshaping Spe-
 cialist, Dept. 291-1, Binghamton, N. Y.

    It is not impossible that your suggestion refer-
  ring to articles on constructing apparatus might be
  carried out, but our sister magazine, Science and
  Invention covers this field so thoroughly and so
  well and embodies the work of such distinguished
  authors, that we feci that there is no need of our
  trespassing on its territory—EDITOR.]

  A YOUNG READER’S GOOD WISHES

 Editor, Amazing Stories:

    The object of this letter is to thank you for
 something I have always desired, and that is a
 magazine like Amazing Stories.

    I have been on this earth but fifteen years, but
  ever since I was old enough to read 1 have had
  an unconquerable desire for scientifiction. I soon
  had read all of Jules Verne, H. G. Wells, E. R.
  Burroughs, and Edgar A. Poe that treated on
  such' class of fiction, and was just getting to the
  point where I could find no more, when the first
  issue of Amazing Stories came out. It didn't
  take me long to discover it and since then I have
  been a steady reader of your excellent magazine.

    I have a very vivid imagination, and for this
 reason I like highly imaginative storSes likfe
 “The Moon Pool," “The Land That Time For-
 got,” “A Columbus of Space,” “Station X,M “The
 Visitation,” etc. I would like to see more stories
 by E. R. Burroughs, and some by Ray Cummings.

   However, I like the slower type of H. G.
 Wells and Jules Verne none the less, and I can’t
 agree with M. Fisher, who in the August issue
 described The War of the Worlds as ROTTEN.
 It is one of my favorite books.

   1 am in favor of a semi-monthly, and more
 and better illustrations, but just so long as you
 keep your good work up to the high standard you
 have set, I will be more than satisfied.

   Thanking you for your kind attention and
 wishing you every success. Patten Jackson,
 Brookline, Mass.

    [A good proof of the merit of Amazing Stories
 can be found in the friendship which it has made
 with younger readers. No magazine is so hard to
 edit, as one for the younger generation, and
 really successful ones may be taken as true classics.
 This indefatigable reader does not agree with one
 of our critics about The War of The Worlds.
 The old proverb sa^’s, "what is _ one man’s meat
 is another man’s poison,’’ and this seems to apply
 to our stories.—EDITOR.]

OUR SEPTEMBER ISSUE

  Editor, Amazing a Stortes :

    Being an invalid, for some time at least, I have
  nothing to do but read, and, as I am a book-worm,
  I read anything I can find, provided it is scien-
  tifically interesting. I have bought "Amazing
  Stories” ever since it first came out and find it
  far better than any other magazine I have ever
  read.

    I have enjoyed your “Discussions” department
 very much and would like to offer some com-
 ments:

  Up to the September issue I have not found
            lplain * *

           I expc______t _^ -T- .....I HP.

  all right, but “The Malignant Flower” and “The

 much to complain about, but the September issue

 wasn’t what

 pectcd. Most of the stories were

  Colour Out of Space” were not good at all. There
  was nothing of scientific value in “The Colour Out
  of Space.” It was a good story, but it did not fit
  the standard of your magazine. It had more of
  a weird, ghostly trend.

    I would like to see Ray Cummings’ stories re-
  printed from Science and Invention. I noticed
  an amusing cartoon by Briggs in the Oakland
  Tribune last night, entitled ‘Someone is Always
  Taking the Joy Out of Life.” It depicted a man
  who picked up a magazine and sat down to read
  it; as he read further his interest was aroused,
  and in the last picture he was having conniptions
  because it said "To be continued in the next is-
  sue.” I have known people to lose interest, and I
  myself have often lost interest, in a magazine of
  that sort and have not bought the next issue. I
  hope this will never be the case with Amazing
  Stories.

    1 just finished reading E. R. Burroughs’ story
  in the Annual and I consider it a masterpiece.
  Also “The Face in the Abyss” is very good. T
  should like very much to see sequels to both of
  them published soon.

   Just one more thing: about the binding. Al:
 though it can be laid flat on the table I would
 sooner lipid it open and be sure of having my
 back numbers whole, with the covers attached;
 as they are now they are too frail.

    Yours for semi-monthlies and semi-annuals.

                     Gordon W. Richmond,
                     Richmond, Calif.

   [We are glad to feel that Amazing Stories has
 done something to cheer the weary lot of an in-

 valid. Your appreciation is so warmly expressed
 that it repays us for the many hours of wfcrk
 which must be devoted to such a magazine as

 ours. As regards the story entitled “The Colour
 Out of Space,” consujt the letters about this
 to see what others think of it. Our personal
 opinion of “The Malignant Flower” is that it is a
 particularly fine conception. An elaborate de-
 scription of the sacrifice of one of the Madagascar
 women lo such a flower forms the opening chapter
 of a book treating of the Island Continent. Of
 course it is not published in the book as a true
 story. Your favorable comment on the Annual,
 induces us to ask you to consider it a sort ot
 pledge for the future issues of Amazing Stories.
 —EDITOR.] ,

fMTOONING

**LEARN AT HOME

make

 MONEY

    i > "imm

 Jt......

Student Receives *250
Fora Few Cartoons'

 JUST read the following “straight
 from the shoulder” letter and you’ll
 see why we say that the Washington
 School of Cartooning can prepare you
 for the big pay field of Cartooning, in
 your spare time, at home, by mail.

    “The enclosed cartoons,” says O. A.
 Pokrandt, a Wisconsin student, “are
 samples of my progress in drawing. I
 have received $250 for these and the en-
 closed letter will show that I have a
 ready market for my work in the future.
 The making of cartoons has been one
 round of pleasure and enjoyment as well
 as profitable to me.”

Cartooning Pays Big

    There s no more attractive or highly paid
 profession today than Cartooning. Millions
 of dollars are spent every year on cartoons.
 Capable cartoonists earn from $50 to $250 a
 week. Learn to draw side-splitting comics—
 right at home in spare time through this
 amazing method that has already been tested
 and proved by many Washington School
 Graduates. No special talent or previous
 training needed. No drudgery. And in a
 very short time you should be ready to make
 money drawing cartoons.

Send Cor FREE Book

     A new handsomely illustrated book has just been
  printed, which gives all the most up-to-date in-
  formation on the wonderful opportunities in Car-
  tooning, and shows how this startling method
  enables you to enter this field. It tells all about
  our students—their success—<what they say—actual
  reproductions of their work—how they made quick
  profits while studying. This attractive book will
  be sent without cost or obligation. Send for it.
  Mail coupon NOW. No obligation. (No sales-
  man will call.)

 WASHINGTON SCHOOL OF CARTOONING

Room 261 IE. 1 I 13-15th St., N. W.

Washington, D. C.

  Washington School of Cartooning,

Room 261 IE, 1113-15th St., N.W., Washington, D.C.

  Please send me without obligation, your illustrated FREE
  BOOKLET on Cartooning and offer to new students.

N'arae ...........................................

     (Write Name Flalnly) State whether Mr., Miss or Mrs.

Address .........................................

City .......................... State.............

Ace ............................................
818

 ■j# r

 j e1 i*’:**"’1 •
 )W , «1 L l1*
 1 , m

 D,

 es/re

H I I

9 J1 ^ * i*

i *2« J *

OJ I t

i*&*e

Twe

>S^

tel

\£&'

 ACOOKOO NUT is a new wrinkle to
 pass away your time. Far more
 interesting, more entertaining and more
 humorous than a cross-word puzzle. The
 COOKOO NUT illustrates an ordinary,
 well-known saying in a distinctly new
 manner. Study the examples on this
 page. The test of a COOKOO NUT is
 that there must be no question as to the
 correctness of the description. The quo-
 tation must absolutely fit the COOKOO
 NUT, otherwise it does not go. Cover
 up the captions of the COOKOO NUTS
 on this page, and make your friends guess
 what each COOKOO NUT stands for.

  An exciting new game is to play COO-
  KOO NUTS at parties where everyone is
  asked to make up an original COOKOO
  NUT. The most mirth-provoking one
  gets the party prize.

The best COOKOO NUT printed in
FRENCH HUMOR gets a weekly prize
of 35.00. For every other one accepted
FRENCH HUMOR
pays 31*00.

O

S°CL

IN

VA pOPULft*
"""

 CtUB'

*,*,v,

Hoie

 \TUP.t'

See

ee£F

 ‘V's

 /»no

£^B6/)cp"

France, that magic land of humor, wit, and keen, Knife-edged
“parlay/* offers humor-loving Americans, its choicest, finest
humor through the new weekly magazine, "FRENCH HUMOR.’*
Your first copy of "FRENCH HUMOR” will prove what we

say—hundreds of choice jokes and original illustrations by French
Artists, with all the illustrated jokes printed first in French I
then in English. It’s th^funniest, Wittiest and most entertain-
ing magazine you have ever read.

10c WEEKLY ON ALL NEWSSTANDS
Missing Page: Inside Back Cover

If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:

info@pulpmags. org
Missing Page: Back Cover

If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:

info@pulpmags. org