SATU RD AY

TEN CENTS

ALL-STORY
CAVALIER
Singing Tones That Heighten

to Pay—

If You Desire
Terms. Write for
Artists’ and Music

the Joys

of Home

Why not enjoy the

Kimball

 Piano

   Choose for YOUR piano one that for
 years will add to your happiness and in-
 crease ‘ ‘ that ever restful sense of home. ’ ’

    How few pianos you hear give you that
 feeling of well-being', that “all’s right with
 the world” joy, that uplift of spirits that
 music should always give!

    The delight of the art depends primarily
 on tone. The most beautifully played com-
 position fails in effect if played on a harsh
 and strident or on a dull, flat-toned piano.

    But the simplest piece played with feel-
 ing by a child or home folks on a full-toned
 piano - a piano with “color” in every note
 —transports the hearer with pleasure.

Lovers’ Catalog.

with the Bright-Colored Tone

    For in two hundred and fifty thousand of the best homes throughout the world the
 musically excellent, thrilling tone of the Kimball Piano makes evenings of delight, hours of
 pleasure, happier families and social gatherings.

     Think that sixty years of piano making are in the wondrous tone of the Kimball Piano—as
 well as in its perfect mechanism—and its musical superiority is not hard to account for.

Money-Saving Prices

     Kimball Cabinet Grands (uprights) range from $250 to somewhat higher figures. The Kimball
 88-note Player Pianos are $460 and over. The Kimball Petite Grand is $650, the Parlor Grand
 is only $700, while the Concert Grand is only $1,250. And in the Kimball Grands of all sizes

the Kimball tone is superb ! Saving

Free Approval Test in Your Home

Beautiful Catalog and Musical Herald- FREE

w.

     W. KIMBALL CO.

          106B Kimball Hall,

Mail This

NOW

                            Chicago

I wish, a copy of your Artists’ and Music Lovers’
Catalog and a sample issue of the Musical Her-
ald, containing two beautiful songs with words
and music, FREE,

Name.

Address.

of money and superior value will
be your satisfaction if you choose
any Kimball piano.

   Three years to pay — approval
tests at home — or select your piano
at any Kimball dealer’s. You have
every facility for purchasing easily
and satisfactorily if you get a
Kimball. Mail this coupon today
for beautiful Artists’ and Music
Lovers’ Catalog.

Established 1851

W. W. Kimball Co.

Town...............................State.

106B Kimball Hall, Chicago
ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Hartman Will Trust You
 Asks No References
 No Advance Payments

                 (Given to you absolutely FREE as soon as you

                 enroll. Handsome sot of imported instruments .T-square,
                 French curve, triangle, etc., all given away absolutely
                 FREE to my students. Write today.

          $125 to $175 a Month to Start

 That's the ordinary salary for a draftsman. Thousands of positions open.
 I will teach you drafting in your own home—during your spare time.
 U/rita fni* Craa Rnnlr Your name and address on a postal is enough.
 Ill IlC lOr [I cc DUUft I wj||	you free and prepaid my big new

 book, **Successful Draftsmanship.'* No obligations. Write today.

Chief Draftsman. Div. 81 XT Engineer’s Equip. Co.. Inc.. Chicago

 Don’t wish you
 hadtheBoss’sJob

   There is a bigger job waiting for YOU

  What you need is the TRAINING that
  will qualify you for it. YOU have youth
  and health, energy and ambition. And
  the world never offered as many chances
  to the TRAINED man as NOW.

   Get alive and learn to do one thing bet-
   ter than some one else. It’s training that
   counts. Every boss knows that, and he is
   anxious to pay more money to the man
   who knows.

   If you really want to earn more, learn
   more. Start off by marking the coupon
   now. That signifies only that you want
   to know how the International Corre-
   spondence Schools can fit you for a bet-
   ter paying position.

   You want to know how it can train you
   in your spare time. You want to know
   how it can give you the k towledge that
   will qualify you as an expert in your
   chosen work, so—

 __MARK^THe_ coupon__

  'international correspondence schools

Box 804, SCIIANTOS, PA.

    Explain, without any obligation on my part, how I can
    qualify for the position before which I mark X:

Salesmanship
Electrical Engineer
Elec. Lighting Supt.
Telephone Expert
Architect

Building Contractor
Architectural Draftsman
Structural Engineer
Concrete Construction
Mechanical Engineer
Mechanical Draftsman
Civil Engineer
Mine Superintendent
Stationary Engineer
Plumbing and Steam Fit.
Gas Engines

Civil Service

Bookkeeping

Sten. and Typewriting

Window Trimming

Show-Card Writing

Lettering & Sign Painting

Advertising

Commercial Illustrating
Industrial Designing
Commercial Law
Automobile Running^
English Branches
Poultry Farming
Teacher	Spanish

Agriculture	French

Chemist	German

Name__

Present Employer _

Si. and No,_____

City_State_, ... |

Rock Bottom Prices

    We are the largest home furnishing establishment fn
 the world. Our $10,000,000 purchasing power enables
 us to buy goods in such vast quantities that we not
 only secure the best on the market, but better prices than would
 be possible for a smaller concern. Then, we
 allow no factory, storeormail order house
 to undersell us.

Easiest Terms

 Hartman trusts everyone—asks no refer-
 ences—no advance payment. No mort-
 gage, no interest, no red tape, no
 extra charge of any kina. No
 matter who you are or where
 you live, Hartman’s transac-
 tions with you are strictly con-
 fidential. One million others are
 taking advantage of the wonder-
 ful Hartman plan. Why not you?
 Every Article Sent on
 30 Days’ Approval —
 Fully Guaranteed

 We sell only guaranteed, depend-
 able quality home furnishings.
 Every article shown in the Bisr
 Hartman Bargain Book actually
 sells itself on its own merit. After
 30 days return anything found un-
 satisfactory. Hartman refunds your
 money including freight.

 During this big bargain sate
 you can buy this spec-
 ially advertised
 Rocker with -
 out making any

    _ Monthly

 No. 1F426—Imperial Spanish
 Leather Rocker

 Large,Comfortable rocker. Made
 of finest solid oak, elegant fumed
 finish. Double panel back and seat
 are upholstered with Spanish Im-
 perial leather. while seat is set
 over Monarch" steel spring con-
 struction. Has broad arms, strong
 posts, heavy runners and arm slats.

 'Sicur'S'riSl'fr fr?ina.t. $3.65 advance payment.

 E'DFI? Big 420 Paqe ?his big book points the way

 F Ifr.r.	D„„,r to economical buying. Over

 M.	Bargain Book 8,000 Bargains. You can't

 afford to be without this wonderful book. Write for a copy.

 D li DTH/I A 1VT Fum. & Carpet Co.

 Ifl/lK I VIIX W 3*05-07 Wentworth At.
 UTlll 1 111x111 CHICAGO, ILLINOIS

 Credit I
 SPECIAL

 bargain!

    Book

FREEI

SEND YOLJSTHE monarch vibrator

on approval

 To prove that the Monarch is the best massage vibrator of its
 cost on the market, we send it to try free.

 Huns on its own dry cells or connects with electric light socket.

 Stimulates circulation wherever applied, relieving headache,
 catarrh, “nerves.” rheumatism, stiff neck, and all ailments due
 to congestion of circulation.

 Beautifies complexion, prevents dandruff and scalp trouble.

 W rite for our new hook **Health and Beauty Without Medici up,’* FREE.

    Monarch Vibrator Co., Dept. AC6, Jackson, Mich.

 StODS1 Save your tires !

     r Make them give
F	\ double service.

LrvdlvS Treat them with
—	Neverleak Tire

 Fluid. Heals punctures in-
 stantly and stops slow leaks.

 NEVERLEAK

 has been used for twenty years by riders
 and dealers everywhere. Be sure you get
 the genuine. 25c a tube at all dealers and
 repairmen. One tube treats a tire.

BUFFALO SPECIALTY COMPANY

Buffalo, N. Y.

answering any advertisement on this vage it is desirable that you mention All-Stobt Cavalier Whkki y
is to put the reader in touch imme-
diately with the newest needfuls for
the home, office, farm, or person; to
offer, or seek, an unusual business
opportunity, or to suggest a service
that may be performed satisfactorily
through correspondence. It will pay
a housewife or business man equally
well to read these advertisements
carefully.

Classified
Rates in
The Munsey Magazines

                         Line Iiate

 The Munsey .... $2.00 \ cnPf:ai

The Argosy.....1.30 r a£CI"

 Railroad Man’s Maga- /Combination
 - -1 Kate
 $4.49

zine.......

All-Story Cavalier

 Weekly

.60 \ Less Zi cash

$1.70/

 Aug. 8 All-Story Cavalier Forms Close July 18

 “A Xew Force In Butt nets ” is a	that tells h»w to

 advertise snrcessfulhj in the classified departments >/ the
 Munsey Publications. Mailed anywhere on request.

AGENTS & SALESMEN WANTED

 $50.00 A WEEK UP. ALO THE FREE CLOTHES You
Want to Wear simply to advertise us. Write today tor self-
measuring blanks, style chart, big book of samples, etc. Send
no money. A postal card brings all. We pay expressage on
everything. American Woolen Mills Co., Dept. 801, Chicago.

 AGENTS W A N T E D . —AGENTS MAKE 500 PER
CENT. PROFIT selling " Novelty Sign Cards." Merchants
buy 10 to 100 on sight. 800 varieties. Catalogue Free.
Sullivan Co., 1231 W. Van Bureti Street, Chicago, 111.

 FREE SAMPLE—NO-SPLASH WATER STRAINERS are

winners for agents. Both sexes. Daily profits $5 upwards.
Send 2c (mailing cost). V. A. D. Seed Filter Co., New York.

 WILL PAY RELIABLE MAN OR WOMAN $12.50 TO
DISTRIBUTE 100 FREE packages Perfumed Borax Soap
Powder among friends. No money required. J. Ward Co.,
224 Institute Place, Chicago.

 I WILL START YOU EARNING $4.00 DAILY AT HOME

in spare time, silvering mirrors. No capital. Any one can do
the work. Send for free instructive booklet, giving plans of
operation. tL F. Redmond, Dept. B, Boston, Mass.

  SILK HOSE FREE to Agents Selling Famous Triplewear

guaranteed hosiery. All grades cotton and silk direct from
mill. (Jreat money making proposition. $30 week. Write to-da.v.
Triplewear Mills, Dept. H-15, So. 13th, Philadelphia, Pa.

 IF $50.00 A WEEK SURE INTERESTS YOU, send us

your name on a postal today. Besides, we give you a free
suit of the swellest clothes you ever wore. Samples and full
particulars by return mail it' you write today. We pay all
express charges. Paragon Tailoring Co., Dept. 801, C’hicago.

  AGENTS, SIGNMEN—Make $5-$10 daily handling our Metal-
lic Letters, best cheapest. Independence; your own business.
No experience required; we show how. Sample, instructions free.
New York Sign Letter L’o., Arbuckle Bldg.. Brooklyn, N. Y.

 AGENTS! JUSTOUT! FIRST TIME ADVERTISED! 5 In I.

Smallest Pocket Scissors, Key Ring, Button Hook, Bottle Opener.
All "> in 1. Size of article about size of half a dollar. Fine
quality steel. Just show to make sale. Agents will coin money.
Send 10c for sample, price and territory. F. Hesjah Mfg. Co.,
21 Park Row, New York.

 AGENTS!! WILL YOU TAKE A STEADY JOB paying $25
to $30 weekly io start if we give you a chance to work up to
yearly profits of $3000 or more? No experience required! Great
crew manager’s proposition! We are big manufacturers. Mid-
dlemen’s profits saved! Write quick for exclusive territory. Need
150 men at once. E. M. Davis, Pres., R58 Davis Blk., Chicago.

_$i5~00-WEEK SALARY OR COMMISsiON~PAID MAN~OR
WOMAN in each town to demonstrate and take orders for
Concentrated Non-Alcoholic Flavorings and Toilet Articles.
Linton Co., Kansas City, Mo.

HELP WANTED

 MEN OF IDEAS AND INVENTIVE ABILITY should write
for new " Lists of Needed Inventions," Patent Buyers, and
** How to Get Your Patent and Your Money." Advice free.
Randolph & Co., Patent Attorneys, Dept. 152, Washington, D. C.

BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES

PATENT ATTORNEYS

PATENTS THAT PROTECT AND PAY. ADVICE
AND BOOKS FREE. Highest references. Best results.
Promptness assured. Send sketch or model for free search.
Watson E. Coleman, 624 F Street, Washington, D. C.

PATENTS, TRADE-MARKS AND COPYRIGHTS. Our

hand book on patents will be sent free on request. All
patents secured through us are described without cost to the
patentee in the Scientific American. Munn & Co., Patent
Attorneys, 368 Broadway, New York. Washington Office, 625
F Street, Washington, D. C.

PATENT SECURED OR FEE RETURNED. SEND SKETCH

for free report as to patentability. Guide Book and What to
Invent, with valuable list of Inventions Wanted, sent free.
One Million Dollars offered for one invention. Patents se-
cured by us advertised free in World's Progress; sample free.
Victor .1. Evans & Co., Washington, D. C.

“ PRIZES FOR PATENTS.’* “ MONEY IN PATENTS/’

" How To Get Your Patent And Money." “ Why Some
Inventors Fail." " Needed Inventions.” Sent free. Randolph
it Co., 630 F Street, Washington, D. C.

UNITED STATES AND FOREIGN PATENTS and Trade-
Marks. Free book and opinion as to patentability. Joshua
11. II. Potts, Patent Lawyer, S Dearborn St., Chicago; 929
Chestnut St., Philadelphia; 805 (J St., Washington.

  MOTION PICTURE PLAYS

$1200.00 A YEAR WRITING MOVING PICTURE PLAYS.

You can write them. Turn your ideas into dollars. We teach only
sure method. Send for free book of valuable information and spe-
cial prize Offer. Chicago Photo Play College, Box 2780R, Chicago.

I GUARANTEE $10 FOR FIRST PHOTO-PLAY YOU
WRITE after taking my easy lessons. Special reason for this
startling offer. Obtain free booklet, "IIow To Write Photoplays,"
at once. Elbert Moore, Box 772ESS, Chicago.

'xxzxxxxxxxzxxxxxxxxxzzzzzxzxxxzzzxzxzxxxzxxxzxzxzzzzzzzxxxxxxxaj

I School Information

cixsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxzxxzxxxxxxxxxxixxxxxxxxxxxx^xxr

   m	'OEADERS of the All- Story Cavalier §

 m	Ev Weekly are cordially invited to use ►«

   m	Munsey* s School Information Service.

    m	If you intend to send your son or daughter

    h	away to school, write and tell us just what

    h	you have in mind, so that we may place our

    m	fund of school information at your disposal.

    m	This service is rendered without cost to

    h	you, and inquiries will be answered prompt-

    H	ly and effectively. Merely state about how

    h	much you wish to pay for tuition, the kind

    H	of school desired, and its locality.

 $1,500 MADE ONE MONTH. You might just as well make as
much. Perrin, Cal., took in $380 one day. Almost the enormous
profit of 400%. $1 cash returned you for every 25c spent. Not
theory! Not guess work! But actual bonaflde proven records of
profits. Long’s Popcorn Crispette Machine greatest money
maker in the world. Presses out delicious Crispettes and
profits like money is pressed in a mint. Everybody likes
Crispettes—children, young people, grown-ups. Endless de-
mand. Open small store. Start anywhere. Making money is
certain. Our big, new book tells all about it. Send for It
to-day. W. Z. Long Co., 870 High Street, Springfield, Ohio.

zxxxxxxxxxxxxxz

czzzzzzzzzxxzxzxzzzzzxzzxxzxzxxxxxxxxxxxxxu

h Munsey’s School Information Service |

h	175 Fifth Avenue, New York City	[]

Jxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxzzzzzzzzzzzzzxz:

   A P m T C eet our 1914 prices—
 ||	\>A Ea IH I *9 new plan—terms and

  catalogue of this big wonderful self-heating
  • iron. Every home can now aiford it—dandy
  seller —300,000 sold. Schubert, Mfr’s Distr.,
  3214 So. Halsted Street, Dept. 216, Chicago.

 I/i answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention All-Story C’aval

'avalike Weekly.
ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY                                                                                                                 
1 Vol. XXXIV CONTENTS FOR JULY 11, 1914                                                                                             No. 1 
                                                                             FOUR SERIAL STORIES                                          
‘ The Quitter.........                 Jacob Fisher .                                                                                   1 
j A Serial in Four Parts---Part One                                                                                                       
' “ Dad ”..........                    Albert Pay son Terhune .                                                                      . 25 
3 A Serial in Four Parts --- Part Two                                                                                                     
               A Silent Witness.......                                                                                               . 53 
A Serial in Five Parts --- Part Four                                                                                                      
             The Lost Hearthstone..... Perley Poore Sheehan .                                                                        . 86 
A Serial in Three Parts --- Part Three                                                                                                    
                                                                              ONE COMPLETE NOVEL                                          
' Wild Norene ........                 . Johnston McCulley .                                                                        . 116 
SIX SHORT STORIES                                                                                                                         
j Nutting Dances........               Frank Leon Smith .                                                                           . 161 
                Beside His Wife....... Elizabeth Irons Folsom .                                                                     . 172 
’j A Personal Problem......                                                                                                         . 177 
                A Hard Man to Hit.....                                                                                              . 182 
■ Gold Fever.........                  Andrew Soutar . . .                                                                          . 193 
               Four String Power...... . Ralph Roeder                                                                               . 205 
POETRY                                                                                                                                  • 
■ A Militant Hen .                     Social Sinew .... Alice Lindsey                            Webb 85                                 
                                       . Pearl A. Brown 208                                       Sterling 167                            
            Heart to Heart Talks...... The Editor .                                                                                   168 
                THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY, 175 Fifth Avenue, New York, and Temple House, Temple Avenue, E. C., London                   
                     Frank A. Mijnsky, President Richard H. Tithkrington, Secretary Christophkr H. Popb, Treasurer                        
Single copies, 10 cents. By the year, $4.00 in United States, its dependencies, Mexico and Cuba ; $6.00 to Canada, and $8.00 to Foreign   
ISSUED WEEKLY. COPYRIGHT, 1914, BY THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY                                                                            
ENTERED AT THE NEW YORK P08T-0FFICE AS 8ECOND-CLA88 HAIL MATTER
ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

The Telephone Emergency

THE stoutest telephone line cannot
stand against such a storm as that
which swept the Middle Atlantic coast
early in the year. Poles were broken
off like wooden toothpicks, and wires
were left useless in a tangled skein.

  It cost the telephone company over
a million dollars to repair that
damage, an item to be remembered
when we talk about how cheaply
telephone service may be given.

  More than balf of the wire mileage
of the Bell System is underground out
of the way of storms. The expense of
underground conduits and cables is
warranted for the important trunk
lines with numerous wires and for
the lines in the congested districts
which serve a large number of people.

  But for the suburban and rural
lines reaching a scattered population
and doing a small business in a large
area, it is impracticable to dig trenches,
build conduits and lay cables in order
that each individual wire may be
underground.

  More important is the problem of
service. Overhead wires are neces-
sary for talking a very long distance.
It is impossible to talk more than a
limited distance underground, al-
though Bell engineers are making a
world’s record for underground com-
munication.

  Parallel to the underground there
must also be overhead wires for the
long haul, in order that the Bell System
may give service universally between
distant parts of the country.

American Telephone and Telegraph Company
And Associated Companies

One Policy	One System	Universal Service

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention All-Story Cavalieb Weekly.
ALL-STORY CAVALIER
WEEKLY

Vol. XXXIV	JULY 11, 1914	No. 1

uitter

Author of “The Cradle of the Deep/* etc.

        CHAPTER I.
        The Challenge.

HALLAM brushed the clinging
snow from his knickerbockers
as they reached the top of the
toboggan slide.

 ' “ Will you go down again, Sophia,
or shall we go back and have tea? ”
His tone was so politely bored that
Miss Burton looked at him and
laughed.

  “ You are so very enthusiastic,
Ransford, that I am almost tempted
to make you slide until you drop. I
should like to see you really physically
tired for once.”

  Hallam kicked off his heavy leather
toeguard, and together they climbed
to the broad terrace, beneath which
the snow-covered roofs of the city
glistened in the sun of a March
afternoon.

  “Well?” he inquired, straightening
his big shoulders and uncovering to the
breeze a head of rough, damp, tawny
hair, “ why shouldn’t I be bored ? I’ll
be honest, and confess it, but you are
just as bored as I. You hate tobog-

     I	A-S C

ganing. You only do it because you
couldn’t come to Quebec and not do
what is considered the smart thing.”

  “ How well you know me, Ranse.
To hear you one would almost think
we were—”

 “Sophia!” exclaimed Hallam
sharply, “ Don’t joke. How many
times have I asked you to marry me ?
I ask you again. I—”

  “ That makes the fourth time in two
days,” smiled Miss Burton. “ The
novelty is wearing off. I quite liked
it—yesterday.”

  “ That’s just it,” Hallam com-
plained. “ You don’t even respect me.
You’ve gotten too used to it. Why
won’t you marry me? Can’t you see
I’m sick, just for the want of you?
That’s it! I am sick. That’s the way
it affects people sometimes, and it must
be .the trouble with me — why, I’m
bored to death with everything.”

  “ And in time you would include
me,” said Miss Burton. “ No, Rans-
ford, I won’t joke for a moment. I’ll
give it to you straight. I like you.
I like you better than any other man I
know, but you’ve just hit it. I don’t
2

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

respect you. If I needed you on ac-
count of your money, I might marry
you, just as you are, but I do not need
you for your money. I have plenty of
money of my own, and to be honest,
Ranse, I don’t need you for anything.

  “If you were a different sort of
man, one who possessed the qualities
that I am without, a man with ideals
and ambitions and the will to carry
them to success, you would have no
trouble, I am sure, in convincing me
that I need you. If you were the sort
of man I mean, I could not help my-
self. I should have to marry you be-
cause it would be your will.”

  Hallam stopped short, staring at her
in amazement.

  Miss Burton looked at him quietly
under the veil of her dark lashes.

  “ You don’t quite know what to
make of it, do you, Ransford?”

  “ No,” said Hallam briefly, “ I
don’t.”

  “ Then perhaps I’d better explain,”
went on Miss Burton calmly. “ You
see, Ranse, you and I are altogether
too much alike. We move from place
to place, or are moved, without much
thought of why we do it, and we carry
on the little, petty businesses of life
in much the same way that scores of
other people we know carry them on.
Our days and nights are planned for
us in the general scheme of the set in
which we exist. We have no particu-
lar individuality of our own, nor does
it seem very desirable that we should
have. I have no more ambition than
you.

  “ If I should marry you, we would
become like so many of our friends,
contented for a short time, then rest-
less, then unhappy, then—well, I won’t
finish the picture, Ranse, you can draw
it as well as I.”

  “ Do you mean to say that I would
tire of you? ”

  “ No, my dear Ransford,” she
smiled, “ I left it to you to say. You
have finished the picture.”

  “ And what particular line of ideals
and ambitions would you choose for

me ? ” he asked, a bitter note coming
into his voice. “ Shall it be finance,
science, or, perhaps philanthropy ? ”

  At the hint of mockery she sud-
denly wheeled on him, her eyes
brilliant, her cheeks flushed.

  “ Oh, you don’t understand,” she
cried, “ you can’t understand. I want
a man, Ransford Hallam, a man—one
who has done something to prove it!
One who, no matter where or how he
"finds himself, has the courage and the
will to take the world by the throat,
and make it do his bidding until he
gets what he wants from it. I want
a man who compels, who masters men,
conditions, me—everything! It doesn’t
make any difference what a man does,
it is how he does it—whether he gets
what he goes after.

  “What have you ever gone after?
What have you ever done to prove
yourself? You went to college and
tutored your way through because you
were lazy and had money. You played
a little football on your class team.
You rowed on your class crew. Why
didn’t you make the ’varsity? Why
didn’t you stand at the top of some-
thing? You didn’t because it was
easier to drift—easier to let the other
fellow do the work, while you looked
on with a foolish cynicism on your
tongue for his success.

  “ And after college what did you
do? You pottered with business—just
enough to learn how to clip your
coupons and collect your rents. You
tried polo and yachting, and you even
flew twice around an aerodrome. But
you didn’t go far enough with any one
of these things to make a mark, even
in sport.

  “ You quit, Ransford. There’s no
other word for it, you quit.”

  Hallam, moving slowly by her side,
said nothing, but, if she had looked
at him, she would have noticed that
his chin was jutting a little farther
forward than was its wont, and that
his eyes were burning under the brows
that had beetled down over them until
they were narrowed to mere slits.
THE QUITTER.

3

And if she had laid a friendly hand on
his shoulder, underneath the white
blanket coat he wore, she would have
felt the muscles, stiff as steel.

  But she did not look at him, nor
lay a hand on his shoulder. Instead
she kept her eyes straight ahead, and
^s they walked slowly toward the hotel
she continued to speak, seemingly as
much to herself as to him:

  “ Perhaps I am not very clear.
Have you ever been in a situation
where your money could not help you,
and your friends and your influence
could not help you—where it became
necessary for you to rely solely upon
yourself, your own strength of body,
and mind, and character to pull you
through? I-have often wondered what
you would do in such a case—whether
you would be equal to the lone fight,
or whether you would allow circum-
stances and the men behind them to
put you under.”

  Miss Burton paused and Stole a lit-
tle glance at the man by her side, and
she caught at last the stiffening of the
jaw-muscles and the frowning of the
brows.

  As they walked on she had an un-
pleasant feeling that perhaps she had
said too much. She cast about for
something to lighten the too-evident
tension, and looking up she found it.

  “ See! ” she cried, turning to Hal-
lam suddenly, “ there’s that woman
again—the one who wears ttfc beauti-
ful coat. Look at her! She’s coming
across the terrace! ”

  The woman was tall and of splendid
figure. She wore a coat of fur, which
the day before had aroused Miss Bur-
ton’s admiration and her envy.

  It was a short fur of a peculiar sil-
very-brown color, incredibly fine and
soft, and the nap seemed to lie passive-
ly, whichever way it was stroked, so
that the entire coat was a blending of
light and shade, beautifully rich in its
self-toned coloring.

  “ Isn’t it the most exquisite thing
you ever saw ? ” she exclaimed as the
woman passed. “ I would give almost

anything just to stroke it once and
anything to have one like it. I never
saw such fur. I must find out what
it is.”

  “ I have found out,” Hallam said,
shortly.

  “ When ? How ? What is it ? ”

  “ It is the fur of the baby musk-
ox—the unborn calf. I inquired of a
furrier in the town this morning.”

  “ Then I can get it here? Oh, Rans-i
ford! ” she cried, “ I could almost love
you for that.” "*

  “ No,” he went on, “ you cannot get
it here. You can’t get it anywhere. It
is not for sale. Sometimes—not every
year—a very few skins filter through
from the North. The killing of the
musk-oxen for their young is forbidi
den, and the authorities see to it that,
if the skins are obtained, as they some-
times are by the Indian hunters, they
do not find their way into the market.
The furrier told me that this woman
we saw just now is a rather notorious
person, and that the trading-post fac-
tor who sent her the skins lost his place
on account of it.”

  “ Where, pray, do they keep these
musk-oxen, that they cannot be hunted
and killed? ”

  “ The musk-oxen,” explained Hal-
lam. “ live in the country beyond the
timber line, just under the arctic circle
and inside it, as far as the coast of the
Arctic Ocean. There is a tremendous
waste of barren ground up there,
where nothing grows but short grasses
and moss, on which the animals feed,
but they have been hunted so hard that,
like the buffalo, there are only a few
of them left, and the Indians have to
go farther and farther each year for
their quarry. The skins that do come
out are disposed of, generally in secret,
through the factors who have confisca-
ted them from the hunters. They are
the priceless furs of the world.”

  As they reached the hotel Miss
Burton started to lead the way toward
the tea-room, but when she saw that
Hallam was not following she stopped
and turned inquiringly,
 4

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

   He was standing very still, looking
at her. She noticed there was some-
thing different about him—something
that caused her almost to pause and
collect herself. It was as if the man
had suddenly grown in stature.

   He stood there without moving, and
slowly, as if something were drawing
her, she moved toward him.

   He looked at her without speaking.

   “ What is it, Ransford? ” she asked,
her voice low and a little uncertain.
“ Can’t you forgive me for the things
I said?”

  “ There’s nothing to forgive,” he
said slowly. “ They were all true.”

  “ But you’re angry, or—or some-
thing, aren’t you, or you wouldn't
stand there looking so grim, and not
coming to tea.”

  “ I’m going to say good-by,” said
Hallam, quietly.

  “ Good-by ? ” she questioned, puz-
zled.

  “ Yes. You want a baby musk-ox
fcoat. I’m going to get it for you.”

CHAPTER II.

The Man on the Bed.

THREE days later Ransford Hal-
lam stepped off the train at the
end of the track.

  The town marked the spot where
civilization had made her latest pin-
prick in the uncharted Canadian wil-
derness.

  From this place led the trail. Be-
yond the ultimate point to which the
south wind could faintly carry the
toot of a locomotive whistle were the
silences of the hyperborean wastes.
And there lay Hallam’s road.

  It was a land of snow, bright sun-
light and blue sky that greeted him as
he stepped across the little platform.
He asked the conductor who could put
him up, and the man pointed to a
building a hundred yards across the
square that looked as if it might have
been nailed together in a day.

   As he started for it a sled, drawn by

a team of dogs, rounded the corner of
the station building. The driver was
a half-breed by the look of him.

   As the team came to a stop the two
leading dogs fought violently and the
half-breed’s whip curled in between
them with savage strokes.

  “ Got any baggage ? This man’ll
take it over for you,” said the con-
ductor. “ Hey, Joe, here’s a passen-
ger.”

  The half-breed grinned. Hallam
passed him his checks and waited to
see his trunk and two heavy boxes
safely loaded. The whip cracked, the
dog-team straightened out and with
Joe running at one side shot off across
the snow.

   As Hallam followed he wondered at
the stillness of the place. From the
low, rough shacks grouped about the
square the smoke of fires rose lazily,
but of life there was nothing to be seen.
It was like a deserted village.

   Even the dog-team had disappeared
around the back of the structure that
passed for a hotel.

  Hallam stamped the snow from his
overshoes and pulled open the door.
After the blinding glare of the sun
the interior was hard to discern.

  He blinked for a moment and then
dimly made out three or four men sit-
ting about a stove in the center of the
room. The air was thick and rank
with the smoke of plug tobacco.

   The low-toned conversation that had
been going on as he entered, suddenly
ceased. Hallam took a step forward,
throwing back the lapels of his great,
fur-lined coat.

   “ Is the landlord about ? ” he asked.

  No one answered. After a moment
there was a sound of a scraping moc-
casin on the rough floor. As a welcome
it was discouraging. Hallam tried
again.

   “ Where is the proprietor ? ” he de-
manded, a trifle sharply.

  One of the men seemed to repress
a snicker. Then a reedy voice came
from behind the stove.

   “ He’s in that room, there, I guess.”
THE QUITTER.

5

  “ Can I see him ? ” inquired Hallam,
turning to the door indicated.

  “ Sure yuh can see him if yuh go
in,” said the reedy voice.

  Hallam did not like the way the
words were spoken, but stepping to the
door he opened it.

  At first he saw no one. There was
a bed in one corner, a wash-stand and
two chairs. There was some one on
the bed.

  “ Asleep,” thought Hallam. “ I’ll
have to wake him.”

  He crossed the room and stopped
with a start. The man on the bed was
a dead man. On the forehead, between
the eyes, was a blue mark where a
bullet had entered.

  Startled, shocked at finding himself
suddenly face to face with violent
death, Hallam stood gazing down on
the sharply cut features of the corpse.

  As his thoughts slowly collected
themselves it occurred to him that he
had been victimized by those men in
the other room. Why they should have
played such a trick upon him, an utter
and unoffending stranger, he could not
understand.

  He stood very still by the bed, think-
ing. Then there crept into his mind
the suspicion that this was a test, a
challenge. These men wished to know
what manner of man it was who had
walked in among them.

  The idea came to Hallam that he
must meet it in kind—that here and
now he must show the stuff of which
he was made, or forever forfeit his
right to the respect of the northland.

  With an impulse that he hardly
recognized as coming from within him-
self, he turned abruptly and walked
back into the outer room. Without
glancing at the group about the stove
he slipped out of his fur-lined coat
and dropped it on a chair. With still
the feeling that it was not he himself,
but another was directing his actions,
he faced the silent men.

  “ Which one of you,” he asked, in
a quiet voice, “ is the ill-mannered pup
that directed me in there ? ”

  As he spoke he advanced slowly to-
ward the center of the room.

  There was silence about the stove.
Not a man moved.

  “You, there!” called Hallam, sud-
denly pointing his finger at the man
farthest back in the shadow. “ I think
you were the one. Suppose you step
out and let me look at you.”

  The man pointed at shuffled his feet
uneasily and rubbed the back of his
hand across his mouth.

  “ Will you come out by yourself or
shall I help you ? ”

  One of the men dropped the fore-
legs of his chair sharply to the floor.

  “ You’re called, Whitey,” he said,
with a short laugh. “ He’s onto yuh.
Go to it. We’re needin’ somethin’ to
cheer us up.”

  “ Hold on there, mister,” spoke up
the man with the reedy voice, hastily
shoving back his chair before the ap-
proaching Hallam. “ There’s no call
.for yuh to git mad. I didn’t mean
nuthin’. I see I made a mistake. I
was takin’ yuh for one o’ them drum-
mers that’s due to come a pesterin’
around here about this time.”

  “If it was a joke,” returned
Hallam, turning to the others, “ my
sense of humor doesn’t take it in.
Who is the dead man ? ”

  “ That’s the landlord,” said the man
who had first spoken, “ or it was the
landlord till a Yaller Knife Injin got
him last night across his own bar.”
The speaker rose.

  “ Ef yuh want to git put up, I reckon
I can fix it for yuh with the widder.
I’ll jest speak to her.”

  He went to a rear door and called,
while the others, including Whitey,
divorced themselves from their chairs
and filed out. The first man returned.

  “ The widder says she can take care
o’ yuh all right,” he said. “ Yuh can
have that room there,” pointing to
the one in which the dead man lay.
“ We’re goin’ to bury him this after-
noon.”

  “ And what,” asked Hallam, “ be-
came of the murderer ? ”
6

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

  “ Oh, there vvarn’t no trouble about
him. Yuh see, they drawed together.
We buried Mister Injin this mornin’.”

  Hallam glanced about the room. Its
utter rawness and lack of comfort, the
bare board floor, the walls and ceiling,
black and greasy from wood smoke,
the few wooden chairs in disorder
about the stove, the unwashed glass of
the windows, the odor of stale tobacco
mixed with that of damp and dirty
clothing hung to dry against the wall,
and the smell of backwoods cookery
from the kitchen all combined to give
him a feeling that he was out of place,
a rank outsider, a misfit.

  A sense of loneliness and friendless-
ness suddenly rose up and possessed
him. He saw in his impulsive start-
ing upon this adventure the ill-advise-
ment of youth.

  He half acknowledged to himself a
wish that he had not come.

  Through the open door came the
sound of a locomotive, chugging its
way to its shed down the track, and it
occurre'd to him that he was not yet
altogether lost. The way out still re-
mained open. If he chose, he could
take it.

  But as the thought came, shame
came with it, shame for his faint heart,
for his lack of courage, for the small-
ness of his manhood.

  He noticed the man at his side look-
ing at him curiously, and he imagined
the contempt that would come into his
eyes could they read the thoughts that
were passing in his mind.

  His memory leaped back to Sophia
Burton and her half-amused, half-in-
credulous smile as he had said good-
by. There could be no turning back for
Ransford Hallam.

CHAPTER III.

The Start.

“ FRIEND,” said the man at Hal-
lam’s side, “ it ain’t polite in
these parts to be askin’ a stranger’s
business, an’ I ain’t goin’ to over-step

the line none, but my name’s Jackson,
Thomas Jackson. I’m pretty well
known, and if I can do anything—”

  “ My name’s Hallam, Mr. Jackson
—Ransford Hallam, of New York.
You’re right about my being a
stranger—and a tenderfoot, too.”
Jackson smiled.

  “ I’d be glad of a little advice and
a little help; I’m ready to pay well for
it.”

  Before the words were out, in-
stinctively Hallam felt that he had
struck the wrong note.

  Jackson looked at him steadily for
a moment, his gray eyes narrowing.

  “ I beg your pardon,” said Hallam.
“ All right, stranger,” returned
Jackson, “ I just wasn’t thinkin’ of
it that way.”

  “ You’re very kind, Mr. Jackson. I
begin to suspect that New York ways
and Athabasca ways are as far apart
as the two places on the map.”

  Involuntarily Hallam glanced
through the open door of the inner
room, where the dead man lay in full
view, the cold, sharp profile, showing
white against the dark background of
the wall. Jackson followed the glance,
and stepping to the door closed it.

  “ McAvey, there, won’t be interested
in our conversation,” he said.

  “McAvey?” Hallam questioned.

  “ Angus McAvey.”

  Hallam had a distinct feeling of
having heard the name recently.

  “ McAvey,” he repeated. “ Angus
McAvey.”

  “ He was one of the fur company’s
factors till last summer,” volunteered
Jackson. “ He had a small post, way
to the north beyond the big lake.”

  A light broke on Hallam. Angus
McAvey was the name of the factor
who had lost his post for selling musk-
ox furs against the company’s rules.

  It was on the end of his tongue to
speak of it, but something warned him
that the subject of musk-ox fur was
a dangerous one to broach.

  “ How did he get shot ? ” he asked
instead.
THE QUITTER.

7

  “ Why, we don’t none of us know
exactly,” said Jackson, pulling up a
chair. “ We was out here in this room,
half a dozen of us, when along about
dusk an Injin drove up to the door
with a sledge and a team o’ dogs. He
come in an’ looked around, an’ asked
for McAvey. Somebody pointed to
the bar, an’ he went in. We warn’t
payin’ no attention, when there come
two shots dost together. We run in,
an’ there they was, one on one side o’
the bar and one on th’ other, both
drilled clean through the head. It’s the
first killin’ we had this year.”

  “ Where did the Indian come
from?” asked Hallam, interested.

  “ He was a Yaller Knife—half-
breed, I should say, from somewhere
up north. No one ever seen him here
before.”

  “Why did he kill McAvey?”
  Jackson shrugged.

  “ Dunno. Maybe the old man
wouldn’t sell him a drink. It’s ag’in’
the law to sell Injins. Then agin,
maybe he had an old grudge, but the
old woman, McAvey’s wife or widder,
that is, won’t let on she ever seen him
before. So we buried him, an’ here
comes the boys to bury McAvey.”
Looking out Hallam saw four men
bearing a rough board coffin across the
square. Jackson rose and opened the
door and the box was brought in and
placed on two chairs.

  Other men arrived until the small
room was nearly filled. The body was
brought out and laid in its last hard
bed, clothed as it had been when the
man was killed.

  There was a movement in the back
of the room and the men made way for
some one to pass. Hallam, curiously
watching from a corner, saw that it
was McAvey’s widow, a huge woman
of slightly more than middle age, with
a hard, expressionless face.

  She walked to the side of the coffin
and stood looking down at her hus-
band, as emotionless as a statue. Then
she sat down in a chair that Jackson
brought.

  “ Ready, Mr. Sanders,” said Jack-
son, and Hallam saw a young man in
the cloth of the Church step to the
head of the coffin. It was dark in the
room and some one held a lamp while
he read the service.

  As he finished, the men who had
brought the box placed the cover upon
it, and raising it on their shoulders
carried it to a sled, drawn by a pair of
horses that was waiting outside. The
widow followed, and the little pro-*
cession moved out of sight.

  Hallam stayed where he was. The
room lately occupied by the dead man
was now his, but he did not go into it.
The thought of sleeping there on the
bed that had held the corpse made
him shiver a little. The entire atmos-
phere of the place was depressing,
and he felt a wild desire to see the last
of it.

  He decided to push his arrange-
ments and to leave for the north at
the earliest possible moment.

  In less than half an hour Jackson
and the others of the funeral party
returned and filed solemnly into the
bar. Jackson beckoned to Hallam.

  “ The widder,” he announced, “ asks
me to thank everybody for their serv-
ices on this here sad occasion, and in-
vites those present to have a drink.”

  He stepped behind the bar and set
out glasses and a bottle.

  “ Well, here’s hopin’ McAvey’s in
a better place than what he left,” said
Jackson.

  The toast was drunk in neat whisky
and the men filed out. Hallam seized
his opportunity.

  Without informing Jackson in much
detail of his plans, or giving him a
hint of the object of his journey, he
told him that he wished to make his
way to Great Slave Lake, and to con-
tinue on to the northward while the
country was still frozen.

  Jackson asked no questions, and
readily undertook to procure two dog
teams and drivers.

  “ Joe, the half - breed that brought
yer boxes from the station, is a first->
8

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

class driver, and vhis team is a good
one,” said Jackson. “ The only other
good team here now is the one left
by the Injin that killed McAvey. I’m
takin’ charge o’ that, an’ I’ll let yuh
have it if we can get a driver.”

  Jackson kept a general supply store,
where Hallam found he could get the
provisions he needed, and so it came
about that most of the arrangements
were left to his new friend. By night
the lists were made out and the pack-
ing was well under way.

  As Hallam returned to the hotel he
found himself in much lighter spirits.
Things were going better than he
had hoped, and with luck in securing
a second driver there would be noth-
ing to prevent his making a start at
once.

  But the thought of the dead man’s
bed acted as a damper upon his en-
thusiasm.

  With a lamp he inspected the room.
It seemed fairly clean, but a splotch
of blood on the pillow where the head
of McAvey had rested sent a qualm
through him. He thought of asking
the widow for another room, but
from the talk of the men who came
filing in he learned that the house was
full, and that two of them were even
doubling up to give him a place by
himself.

  For an hour he sat in the one
straight-backed chair and read for a
second time the magazine he had
brought on the train.

  But the oil in the lamp was low.
The wick began to sputter, and he
saw that in a few minutes he would
be left in darkness.

  Fighting back the squeamishness
that seemed bound to possess him, he
turned the pillow to hide the blood-
spot and, wrapping himself in his
fur-lined coat, lay down in the mur-
dered man’s place to wait for the
morning.

  For hours, it seemed to him, he lay
there, broad awake, his mind intense-
ly active, leaping from one thought to
another, until at last he fell into a

restless, broken sleep, which toward
morning, however, became quite pro-
found.

  But the new day banished the dis-
comforts of the night. Jackson came
to tell him that he had found a Dog-
Rib Indian named Wolf Bone who
was willing to drive the dead Yellow
Knife’s dogs.

  With Jackson’s aid Hallam settled
the advance to be paid and deposited
with the storekeeper the balance, to
be turned over only on a proper
voucher.

  “ Don’t never pay an Injin what he
asks,” advised Jackson. “If yuh do
yuh’ll likely wake up some mornin’
and find yuh’re shell-roaded, with In-
jins, dogs, camp-kit, and all among
the missin’.”

  Half the population turned out to
see them off, and escorted the two
sledges to the edge of the clearing.
Joe, the half-breed, and Wolf-Bone,
the Dog Rib, ran beside their teams,
while Hallam rode on the second
sledge.

  The air was crisp, the sun bright,
the sky blue, and the dogs in the best
of condition. It seemed a propitious
beginning.

  But as they left the clearing and the
last house dropped out of sight, and
the last man waved his hand in fare-
well, Hallam realized for the first
time that there, ahead on the long
white trail, lay the unknown.

  Up to the present the business of
preparation had occupied him so fully
that he had little time to turn his
thoughts onto actualities of the jour-
ney. To . Jackson and the other men
it was commonplace—one of the inci-
dents that went to make up their
rough lives. Any one of them would
have undertaken it without a second
thought.

  But to Hallam, now that he was at
last headed out, the problem of carry-
ing his venture to success bulked large.

  City-bred, used to the most luxuri-
ous living that civilization could de-
,vise, with almost unlimited money to
THE QUITTER.

9

smooth the path, he had chosen to!
loose himself from the world he knew,
from the friends whose aid and sup-
port he could command, from the in-
fluence that his wealth could bring,
and to make his way alone to near the
top of the continent—and for what?

  To bring back a rare and priceless
fur with which to drape the form of
a girl who had called him a quitter!

CHAPTER IV.

In the North.

"|~EN minutes after leaving the town
Hallam was in the wilderness.
Had it not been for the blazes on the
scattering cottonwood - trunks that
marked the windings of the trail he
might have believed himself in a land
that the foot of man had never trod.

  It was a late, cold spring. The
March sun scarcely warmed the air
above the freezing point, and the snow
was in prime condition for travel.
The loads were not extreme and the
pace was good.

  They had not been on the trail
above half an hour when a low excla-
mation from Wolf-Bone in the lead
brought them to a halt. Joe and Hal-
lam ran forward to find the Dog Rib
staring at the remains of a recent
camp-fire.

  The two drivers examined the spot,
speaking together in low tones; but it
was Hallam who found the clue to the
late camper.

  In kicking over the dead embers he
saw a bit of rawhide and picked it
up. He called Wolf-Bone, who drove
the dead Indian’s dogs, and to his sur-
prise the man at once fitted the scrap
to the torn end of a trace in his team’s
harness.

  It was the slayer of McAvey who
had rested here, within two miles of
the settlement. Why ?

  As they left the spot Hallam pon-
dered. A man who has driven many
miles to reach civilization, whether he
be red or white, does not sit down

within hailing distance of the goal
and wait without a purpose. He be-
gan to see something in the killing of
McAvey besides a sudden quarrel
over a drink of whisky.

  At night Hallam had his first ex-
perience of a sleeping-bag, with the
frozen snow for a mattress. He slept
warm, and wondered at the comfort
of it, for his thermometer at daylight
showed a drop to fifteen degrees below
zero.

  They went on, sleeping the next
night at a little settlement on the
bank of the river they were thence
to follow.

  This was the last connection with
the world outside. To the north there
was nothing of white men's work but
the far-scattered trading-posts of the
great fur companies.

  Now that they were following the
river the traveling became easier. For
mile after mile the dogs pulled un-
weariedly.

  Hallam by degrees ceased to ride,
and at the end of a few days was able
to keep the pace, running by the
sledges.

  Sometimes at night they stopped
early to cut a water-hole through
three feet of blue ice, for wood began
to grow scarce, and often Hallam’s
primus stove, burning alcohol, was
called into service.

  At length they came to a long
stretch of frozen rapids, where the ice
was treacherous. Once the leading
team broke through, and there were
moments of wildest anxiety until the
dogs i were hauled, dripping, to the
firm ice. On certain days they
hunted, and Hallam shot his first
caribou.

  That night they had fried liver and
the dogs bolted a feast of fresh meat.

  Hallam gloried in it all. After the
first acute tortures of muscle lame-
ness had disappeared he began to feel
himself growing strong. It became a
delight to run beside the dogs, to
help push the sledges over the rough
places, to turn in at night by the light
10

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

of the cold stars to dream of the girl
to whom he was to prove himself.

  At two fur-trading posts, called by
courtesy “ forts,” they were welcome
guests, and rested one day at each,
Hallam giving the news of the outside
world in exchange for bed and board.

  At these places he was careful not
to disclose the real object of his jour-
ney, but let it be understood that he
was a mining man on his way to the
north in search of copper. He did
not fear that the Indians would tell,
for the balance due them on their re-
turn, together with a liberal bonus
promised in event of success, would
effectually close their mouths.

  The days were growing longer and
the sun warmer, for April was in
sight, and the soft condition of the
snow in the middle of the day warned
Hallam that he had no time to lose.

  Thanks to their rifles and the cari-
bou, which were now on their spring
migration to the north, there had
been no lack of fresh meat for both
dogs and men, and the inroads on the
regular stock of provisions had been
smaller than Hallam had expected.

  To save delay, he determined not to
stop at the trading-post on the great
lake, but to continue on to the east
and cross the lake there, where the
width was not more than twenty
miles.	,

  When he announced this plan to Joe
and Wolf Bone, both men strongly
demurred. The sledges were getting
weak, they said. They needed repair-
ing, and the dogs needed a rest to
prevent spring sickness.

  It was the last day on the river.
By night they would reach the point
where the trail left the stream and
cut across country to the fort.

  The men showed signs of discon-
tent and held frequent consultations.
Hallam had examined the sledges and
could find no serious trouble—nothing
that could not be repaired perfectly
well en route. The dogs, too, seemed
in the pink of condition, and he de-
cided that the men’s excuses were

trumped up to earn for themselves a
few days’ lay-off.

  Nothing was said that night, and
the tent was pitched as usual. They
were awake at daylight. The tent
was struck, the sledges packed, and
the dogs linked in the traces. Joe, in
the lead, pointed down the blazed
road to the fort.

  “ We go this way,” he said.

  Wolf Bone nodded a vigorous
assent.

  But Hallam was beginning to un-
derstand Indian nature. He stood in
his tracks and pointed to the white
sheet of frozen river.

   “ That is our road,” he said.

  The Indians immediately took out
their pipes and, seating themselves on
their snowshoes, prepared to argue the
matter.

  “ Joe, Wolf Bone,” said Hallam,
“ it is necessary that I go on to the
north while the snow is yet good.
You are pledged to go with me. You
have been paid for half the journey.
If you insist on going to the fort we
will go, but if we do I shall consider
that you have fulfilled only half your
contract and that your services to me
are at an end. You have been paid
half. You will get no more.”

  The Indians showed surprise and
disappointment and held a rapid con-
versation in their own tongue. Hal-
lam sat a little apart, quietly smoking,
seemingly indifferent to their decision.

  At last Joe came over to him and
rather shamefacedly announced that
they were ready to go on, and that
there would be no more grumbling.

  “ Good,” said Hallam. “ Mush on,
then.”

  The dogs broke into their steady,
long-distance lope, and the remaining
miles slipped under the sledge runners
swiftly. At noon the lake itself was
in sight. no n.

  They halted on the shore of the
great, white, wind - swept waste—
three hundred miles from end to end,
fifty miles across in the western
reaches. The northern shore, twenty
THE QUITTER.

II

miles away, looked like a pencil-
mark on the horizon.

  While the men were gathering
wood to boil the kettle, Hallam sat
looking out over the vast expanse.
Hitherto the journey had been one of
no great difficulty. Any man might
have made it—almost without dis-
comfort.

  Here was the dividing line. Across
that plain of snow and ice lay the
great barren ground of the north,
stretching away beyond the arctic
circle. No man lived there.

  Here, at the lake, as it were, the
world of human things was left be-
hind. The trading-post to the west
was the last frail link between Hallam
and his world—between him and the
woman he loved; the woman to whom
he was about to attempt to show that
he was a man.

  Here, indeed, was he to depend
upon his own courage and his own
resources, not only in the winning of
the prize he had come already so far
to seek, but for the preservation of
his very life.

  Henceforward it was his manhood
alone that was to count.

  As Hallam had brought no canoe
on his sledges it was necessary that
he should cross the lake on his return
journey before the ice left it. It was
his intention, then, to procure a canoe
from the factor at the post and make
his way back to civilization in the
quickest possible time.

  So far, according to the Indians
and the people at the two forts at
which they had stopped, it had been
an exceptionally late season, so that
there was little cause for doubt that
mid-May would not find the lake still
closed.

  For his choice of hunting-ground
Hallam had trusted to the best advice
of Jackson, in whom he had finally
confided, andnwho had made several
journeys to the barrens in various
seasons of the year. The Indians,
too, had backed this advice with ex-
periences of their own, and while it

was agreed that year by year the
musk-oxen were retreating farther
and farther back toward the north,
he felt reasonably sure of success in
the region he had chosen.

  The crossing of the lake was made
in quick time, and as they neared the
northern shore Hallam saw that in
contrast to the low country they had
left, the lake was bordered by a
high, rocky ridge, crowned in many
places with sizable clumps of stunted
spruce. A succession of rocky islands
stretched to the northeast through the
long axis of the lake, and the course
lay behind these, where the party
Would be sheltered from the sweep
of the wind.

  Monotonously they traveled on the
ice for three days. But the snow was
hard, the pace rapid, and the head of
the lake was reached sooner than was
expected.

  As they left it and turned full north
again the sparse timber was left behind,
and Hallam. at last found himself in
the promised land, the great barren
ground of the sub-arctic.

CHAPTER V.

The Lady of the Lake.

THEY traveled more slowly now,
keeping a sharp lookout for musk-
ox signs. The caribou seemed to have
deserted the country. For a week none
had been seen.

  The food for the dogs was going at
an alarming rate, and it was plain that
unless fresh meat was soon procured
the ration would soon have to be cut
in' half.

  On the third day after leaving the
lake the weather, which had been mild,
turned suddenly cold, and a blizzard
out of the northeast swept down with
a blast that bit to the bone.

  Huddled in the tent, the men waited
for the storm to pass. No wood was
procurable, and they were forced to fall
back on the primus stove.

  After two shivering, wretched days
12

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY,

the weather at length cleared and the
sun came out, warmer than before.
The new snow, under its influence,
crumbled into sandy crystals, making
traveling at anything but a snail’s pace
impossible.

  The Indians commenced to show
signs of discouragement and new dis-
content. They began to say that the
musk-oxen had gone north, and that
this was a sign of warm weather. They
voiced the fear that the ice would leave
the lake sooner than they had thought,
and at last they openly expressed the
wish to turn back.

   Hallam, with discouragement gnaw-
 ing at his heart, laughed at their doubts
 and ordered them to “ mush on.” But
 each day the dogs traveled slower, and
 each day the Indian and the half-breed
 became more sullen.

   When they camped at night Hallam
 was almost afraid to close his eyes in
 the fear that the drivers would steal
 away and leave him.

   He longed for the sight of a herd of
 caribou to give them the fresh meat
 both men and beasts so greatly needed.
 But from daylight to dark there were
 no caribou. The country seemed de-
 serted by all forms of life.

   For miles in every direction it was a
 blank, sunlit waste of glaring white,
 not a tree nor a bush above the snow
 to break the monotony of its dreari-
 ness.

   In spite of his smoked glass spec-
 tacles, Hallam was beginning to suffer
 from incipient snow-blindness. The
 pain at times was great, but he bore it
 with a fortitude that was born of a
 desperate effort to preserve the morale
 of the trio; for any exhibition of weak-
 ness on his part would have at once
 fomented the breeding rebellion in the
 drivers.

   The weather grew decidedly wann-
 er, so that thick clothing became a bur-
 den. The snow was scarcely fit for
 ^traveling in the middle of the day, and
 still signs of musk-oxen were naught.

   More than once Hallam felt his
 vcourage failing; but the thought of

 going back beaten, his prize unwon, to
 hear Sophia Burton’s mocking laughter
 and her “ I thought so,” was a goad
 that caused his jaw to stiffen and his
 face to turn again resolutely north.

  On the seventh morning since leav-
ing the lake Joe announced that his best
dog, the leader of his team, was sick.

  Hallam, scoffing at first, examined
the animal and found it true. It was
the spring sickness, Joe declared, and
was likely to spread to the other dogs.

  Also, there was no cure. The dog
might recover; he might die.

  “ Then shoot him,” commanded
Hallam.

  Joe demurred. It was his best dog,
he said. He might get better. They
.could wait a few days and see. The
team would not work well without its
leader.

  But delay for Hallam would be fatal.
The only chance of finding musk-oxen
was to push on, to make a dash to the
north, find a single herd, shoot as many
as possible, and then head back for the
lake, traveling light.

  Three days might mean the differ-
ence between success and failure. It
was clear that hesitation on his part
would mean the end.

  He rose slowly and walked to where
the sick dog lay stretched out in the
snow, its eyes half shut, its breath
coming heavily from slavering jaws. *

  The animal was easily the finest in
either team. He had worked nobly,
never shirking, always the leader and
the master of the rest. There was
affection in him, too, and from the first
he had seemed to recognize in Hallam
a friend—one who spoke kindly, who
rewarded effort and who did not abuse
the lash-

  As Hallam stood over him the dog
lifted his head and feebly wagged his
tail. Hallam swallowed something in
his throat and, stooping, stroked the
rough coat. . t

  “ Poor old fellow. Poor old boy,”
he said.

  Then he straightened up and jerked
his heavy automatic pistol from its
THE QUITTER.

13

scabbard. There was a sharp crack.
The leader of the team twitched once
and lay still.

  A low exclamation from the half-
breed echoed the shot, and Hallam
turned. Joe, his face dark with anger,
caught at his rifle and sprang up.

  “ Drop it,” warned Hallam sharply,
the automatic swinging into line with
the man’s heart.

   The rifle fell.

  “ Now we’ll go on. Pack, you loaf-
ers, before the snow gets soft,” he com-
manded.

  The drivers obeyed, and the sledges
were loaded in sullen silence. On they
went, Hallam snow - shoeing behind,
his pistol loose in its scabbard, ready
to his hand. The weakened team
worked slower, for the dogs were
hungry and they lacked the valiant
leader who had kept them to their pace.
In two hours they had scarcely made
four miles.

  On climbing a steep ridge Hallam
suddenly found himself looking down
upon the white surface of a lake. "On
the easterly side was a fringe of good-
sized spruce timber. The sight of those
friendly trees, after the deadly dreari-
ness of the barrens, was like a glimpse
of home.

  “ Go on, boys! ” he called. “ We’ll
sit in front of a wood fire to-night! ”

  As they stood for a moment on the
summit of the ridge, taking the bear-
ings of the lake, Hallam noticed a
strange uneasiness in the dogs of Wolf
Bone’s team. They were twisting and
whining in the traces, and sniffing the
air with little yelps of excitement.

  Suddenly the leader dropped on his
haunches and, lifting his nose, gave
forth a prolonged howl. Immediately
the others of the team joined in, and
the weird chorus went up in a long,
tremulous wail, unearthly in its mel-
ancholy.

  Hallam, puzzled, turned to speak to
Wolf Bone, but as he did so the dogs
started. Gathering speed with every
leap, they took the rough slope at a
dead run, the loaded sledge, its helm

guideless, swaying and sluing in their
wake.

  “ They’re running away! ” yelled
Hallam. “After them, Wolf Bone!”
and the two men sprang together
down the hill.

  As they reached the ice Wolf Bone
stopped, sniffing the air. Hallam, too,
stopped. There was a distinct smell
of wood-smoke coming straight from
the spruce growth up the shore, to-
ward which the runaway team was
making top speed.

  “ Come on! ” called Hallam, and,
dropping his snow-shoes on the ice, he
sped after the dogs. As he reached
the point of a small headland he ut-
tered an exclamation and, signaling the
two men to follow, struck in toward
the shore.

  What he had seen was a log-built
house not a hundred yards distant
among the trees. Smoke was rising
from the chimney. An open water-
hole lay at the end of a well-trodden
path to the camp door.

  The dogs, in making a short turn
toward the shore, had slued the
sledge, which, striking a rock that
projected above the ice, had over-
turned, and, tangled in their traces, the
animals were mixed in a hopeless snarl,
all fighting tooth and nail.

  But Hallam did not stop. He
climbed the bank with a beating heart,
for this meant food, shelter, and above
all a human welcome.

  As he approached he saw that the
door stood half open. No sound came
from within, and without knocking he
stepped across the low threshold.

  For a second time since he had come
to the north country he entered a
strange room and saw, lying upon a
bunk, the form of a man. And for
a second time it was a dead man.

   But here, with shoulders bowed until
her face touched the covers of the bed,
knelt another form.

   Hallam stood still, his eyes staring.
The figure was motionless. Could it
be that this also was a frozen corpse?

  As the door swung back it creaked
14

ALL-STORY CAyALIER WEEKLY.*

and struck against the log wall. In a
flash the kneeling figure sprang into
motion and a woman faced him.

       CHAPTER VI.
       Norma Leonard.

THE instant she turned Hallam saw
that she was young—a girl of not
more than twenty. Never while he
lived did he forget that first flashing
impression of her as she stood there,
a hundred questions looking from her
startled eyes, with one hand pressed
against her breast, the other extended
toward the bunk as if to protect the
dead.

  From head to foot she was clothed
in fur, and as the light streamed in
upon her from the open door Hallam
saw with amazement that it was the
same priceless fur he had come to seek
■—the skin of the unborn musk-ox calf,
silvery gray-brown and softer than any
velvet.

  The girl’s upper garment was cut
in a short blouse or jumper which end-
ed just below her waist. Her legs were
incased in closely fitting trousers, tied
with thongs below the knees, and met
by long boots of a different kind of
fur.

 The hood of her jumper was
pushed back, and Hallam saw that
her hair was dark and smooth, deeply
waving, and also that it was gathered
in two great braids whose shining
lengths fell in front of her shoulders,
down over her breast, and half-way to
her knees.

  Her eyes were dark, and he became
aware that they were gazing at him
steadily from under fine, < straight
brows, which now were drawn to-
gether in a slight scowl of surprise and
perplexity.

  She was the first to speak.

  “ Who are you ? ”

  Her voice was low and rich and the
tone was level, but there was a certain
huskiness and that bare tremor that
comes from grief.

  After her simple question she stood
silent, waiting for a reply. There was
such quiet dignity in her bearing and
in her sorrow that Hallam felt almost
as if he had suddenly broken in upon
a sanctuary.

  “ You are in great trouble,” he said
gently and gravely.

  He looked past her to the form on
the bed, and he saw it was that of an
old man.

  “ Is it—your father? ”

  The girl bowed her head.

  “ And you are alone here ? ”

  “ Yes,” she said.

  Hallam swept the cap from his head
and took a step toward her.

  “ My name is Hallam,” he said.
“ I am from the States and traveling
to the north. I hope you will let me
help you.”

  The girl stood without moving, her
eyes searching his face with their
steady gaze. Hallam returned their
look, his face full of sympathy and
friendliness.

  “ How did you happen to find this
place ? ” she asked abruptly, her brows
knitting closer.

  “ It was chance,” he replied. “ The
first we knew was the smell of smoke
and the queer actions of one of the
dog-teams. Neither I nor my two
drivers had any idea there was a
human being within a hundred miles.”
The girl’s eyes slowly left Hallam’s
face, and for the first time since she
had risen she moved, turning toward
the quiet figure in the bunk.

  Hallam, from where he stood, could
see the stern, austere face of a man of
seventy, cold, impassive in its marble
whiteness. The brow was high and
the features were well cut. The
frame, though wasted, had belonged
once to a man of noble physique, but
the hands were not those of one who
had labored in yoj^th.

  “ When did he die? ” Hallam asked.
“ Just this morning as the light
came,” she said. “ He had been ill for
many weeks.”

  Something suddenly darkened the
THE QUITTER.

IS

doorway, and both turned to see the
forms of Joe and Wolf Bone blocking
the entrance, their eyes wide with cu-
riosity and apprehension. As Hallam
started forward to motion them out-
side his movement disclosed the dead
man on the bunk.

  Each Indian looked at the other with
a startled exchange of glances, and in
an instant the doorway was empty.

  In surprise Hallam sprang forward
to see both drivers running down the
path to the ice. He called to them
to stop, but they kept on, and he
leaped in pursuit. The sledge that had
been capsized by Wolf Bone’s runaway
team had been righted, and stood with
the dogs still in the traces at the bottom
of the bank. As the Indians reached it
the animals began to bark wildly, and,
dragging the load, they bounded
straight up toward the house.

  Past Hallam they plunged, lustily
giving tongue. Looking back he saw
that the object of their sudden dash
was the girl. She stood in the door-
way, and as the dogs reached her they
sprang upon her, leaping at her face.

  Hallam was by her side in an in-
stant. Seizing a heavy stick he beat
the leader off and was attacking the
others when a cry from her stopped
him.

  With amazement he saw her stoop
and caress the dog that had received
the blow. The animal responded with
whines of pleasure, while the rest of
the team leaped about her with every
evidence of delight.

  Suddenly she stood up and bade the
dogs be still. Instantly every animal
dropped to its haunches and sat gazing
at her with rapturous eyes, tongues
lolling.

  She turned swiftly on Hallam.

  “ Why did you lie to me ? ” she de-
manded.

  “ Lie to you ? ” questioned Hallam
in amazement. “ Lie about what ? ”

  The girl’s scowl deepened and her
eyes grew darker and seemed to blaze
at him from under her close-drawn
brows.

  “ About coming here,” she accused.
“ You knew! Where is Sandy? ”

  “ Sandy ? ” echoed Hallam, still
mystified.

  The girl made a gesture of impa-
tience.

  “ Where did you get these dogs ? ”
she asked.

  The light began to break.

  “ I got them in the town at the end
of the railroad,” he said. “ The night
before I reached there from the States
an Indian, a Yellow Knife, they told
me, had been shot to death in a quar-
rel with the hotel-keeper. A man
named Jackson had the team in charge.
He let me have it, and found a Dog-
Rib Indian named Wolf Bone to
drive.”

  The girl was hardly listening as he
finished. She had fallen back against
the logs of the house wall and leaned
there, staring at him.

  “ Sandy — dead! Who was the
man who shot him ? ”

  “ His name was McAvey — Angus
McAvey, and he is dead, too. The In-
dian shot him. They drew together,
it was said.”

  “McAvey!” cried the girl. “You
say Angus McAvey is dead ? Shot by
Sandy ? And Sandy dead!”

  She seemed overwhelmed and stood
motionless, her face pale, her eyes
staring past him at nothing.

  Astonishing as the whole thing was,
Hallam found himself piecing to-
gether the steps that had gone before
the double tragedy at railhead. The
Indian, Sandy, had evidently been a
servant or a retainer of some sort to
this old man and his daughter. Mc-
Avey had been factor of a fur post
somewhere in the vicinity.

  The Indian had followed him out
of the north and had killed him behind
his own bar.

  So much was clear, but Hallam
could reason no further. The motive,
if there had been a motive, was still in
the dark.

  The girl’s dismay puzzled him.
What could she know about it? Had
16

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.:

she or the old man sent the Yellow
Knife eight hundred miles over the
snow to kill, or had the Indian him-
self, brooding on some wrong done to
him by the factor, set out upon an er-
rand of revenge?

  As Hallam watched, these things
flashing through his mind, he could
see that the girl was thinking hard. At
last she looked slowly up.

  “ Did the Indian say anything after
he was shot ? ” she asked.

  “ I think not,” Hallam answered
gravely. “ Both men were lying dead
when those in the outer room rushed
in.”

  The girl nodded her head abstract-
edly.

  “ Father dead, Sandy dead, Mc-
Avey dead.” She straightened and
looked keenly at Hallam.

  “ And you,” she said. “ Who are
you, and what do you want? Are you
one of the mounted police? I have
heard of them. Are you trying to find
out why the Yellow Khife killed Mc-
Avey, and why McAvey killed him?
Is that why you came here ? ”

  “ I’m not one of the mounted,”
Hallam said. “ My name is Ransford
Hallam, of New York City. I have

 7	J

never heard of you or your father. I
do not even know your name. I came
into the north to hunt, to kill musk-
oxen, and for nothing else. I hope
you will believe this, because if so you
will make it easier.”

  “ Why easier ? ” she flashed.

  Hallam was taken a little aback.

  “ What are you to do, alone, here ? ”
he asked. “ How were you planning
to live, or to reach civilization? I
should like to help you if you will let
me.”

  The girl smiled in a slow, almost
scornful way.

  “ I have lived here a long time,” she
said. “ I am at home here.”

  “ But now you are alone,” insisted
Hallam, “ you cannot stay here alone,
a girl like you. You will have to go
back to your relatives, your people.
[You will have to go back with me.”

  She smiled again, the same scorn-
ful smile.

  “ But you are not going back,” she
said. “ You are going to hunt musk-
oxen. You have come a long way.
Besides, where should I go? I have
no people. My father and I were
alone in the world. We have been in
the north ever since I was a child. I
have no place, even if I wished to go.”
As she spoke, the tone of her voice,
which had been hard at first, grew
gentler, and from the doorway in
which she stood she glanced inside at
the form of the dead man.

  Hallam suddenly held out his hand.
“Shall we be friends?” he said.
“Will you tell me your name?”

  She gazed into his face steadily for
a moment without moving. Then she
slowly laid a hand in his. It was a
large hand, well shaped and strong,
and it filled Hallam’s palm warmly.

  As he held it her grip tightened a
little and his own clasp grew firmer to
meet it. Still looking at him she said:
“ I think you are telling me the
truth. I believe you. My father was
Norman Leonard. He called me Nor-
ma.

  Norma Leonard. It had a simple
euphony about it that fitted her, he
thought, this tall, strong girl with her
low, rich voice and her calm, almost
stately dignity.

  “ Miss Leonard,” began Hallam,
but on seeing the puzzled look in her
eyes he stopped, divining its cause.
She probably had never been called
“ Miss ” in her life.

  “Shall I call you Norma?” he
asked.

  “ Why, yes, of course. What else ? ”
“ I wanted to ask if you had
thought about what you wish to do
with your father’s body. If there is a
grave to be prepared would it not be
well for you to choose a spot? It may
take some time to thaw the ground.”
“ There is nothing to be done,” she
said evenly. “ Before the sun sets we
shall be ready. Will you come then?
There are some things I have to do,
THE QUITTER.

17

now, and I think he would not like
strange people about.”

  Hallam bowed silently and stood
watching as she entered the house and
closed the door.

CHAPTER VII.

    The Grave Among the Spruces.

MOTICING the dogs of the runaway
team still lying in their traces,
Hallam loosened them, and one by one
as they were freed they disappeared
around a corner of the house.

  He followed and saw them clustered
about the entrance to a small hut of
logs, evidently built for a kennel. A
shout from the lake turned his atten-
tion to the Indians, who, with the other
team, were standing well out on the ice,
waving to him.

  He smiled at their panic fear of a
dead man, but when he reached them
he perceived that it was something
more than that.

  Joe and Wolf Bone greeted him with
the most extreme gravity of demeanor,
and, sitting down upon the ice, invited
him to a conference.

  Pipes were lighted before either
spoke. Then Joe asked:

“ When you move on, Hallam ? ”

  “ I don’t know, Joe,” Hallam re-
plied. “ The old man, this girl’s fa-
ther, died this morning. He is to be
buried before sundown. The girl can’t
stay here alone. She will have to go
on with us.”

  “ No,” said Joe.

  Wolf Bone grunted vigorously, sha-
king his head.

  “ What is the matter ? ” Hallam de-
manded.

  Both men were silent.

  “ What are you afraid of ? ” he went
on. “ An old man who is dead? You
act like a pair of children. What made
you run away ? ”

  “ This place bad. No good. . We go
to-night,” said Joe firmly.

 “But why?” insisted Hallam.
“ Are you afraid because of the way

    2	A-S C

the dogs behaved ? I can tell you about
that. The dogs came from here. The
Yellow Knife that killed McAvey
lived here with the old man and his
daughter. They were glad to get home;
that was/all.”

  The Indian and the half-breed ex-
changel glances.

  “ There’s nothing to be afraid of,”
Hallam went on. “ I myself will bury
the dead man, and when that is done
we will take counsel, and in the morn-
ing we will make a plan.”

  Joe addressed Wolf Bone rapidly in
his own language, and the Dog - Rib
nodded assent several times, replying
shortly in his own deep gutturals. Joe
turned to Hallam.

  “ We stay to-night,” he said; “ but
we not go near house, and dogs must
not go near. We camp in trees on that
point, and at sunup we go. We do not
like this place.”

  Hallam, disturbed and angry, could
make nothing of it. To reason was
useless, and to make threats was equal-
ly of no avail. The men would not
move an inch from the stand they had
taken. Neither would they explain the
cause of their aversion to this lonely
dwelling by the ice-bound lake.

  Finally, leaving them to make their
camp among the spruces on the point,
Hallam took his way back to the
house.

  As he approached, the door swung
open and Norma appeared. She did
not notice him at first, but stood in the
long shaft of sunlight that fell through
a break in the trees. The strange grace
of her figure, clothed in shining velvet
fur, straight-limbed, lithe, strong, yet
lightly poised; the calm beauty of her
face, framed in the dark hair that fell
on either cheek, made Hallam pause an
instant to gaze.

  But it was only for an instant. She
saw him and spoke.

  “ Where are the dogs ? ” she asked.
“ I loosed them, and they made at
once for their kennel.”

  She stepped to the corner of the log
house and gave a low whistle. In-
18

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

stantly the five dogs came bounding to
her.

  “ Will you unload the sledge ? ” she
asked. “ We shall need it.”

  Hallam set about undoing the lash-
ings, and placed the packs in a pile
against the house while she harnessed
the dogs. He wondered at their do-
cility under her hands, for while ruled
by the long lash of Wolf Bone the team
had been a snarling pack of rebels from
the start.

  When the sledge was ready Norma
turned toward the house. Hallam was
about to follow, but she stopped him
with a gesture.

  In a moment she reappeared, bear-
ing in her arms a long, dark shape
wrapped and corded with thongs of
rawhide in the shaggy robe of a musk-
ox. She stooped with her burden and
laid it gently on the sledge, while he
marveled at her strength and lack of
effort.

  Rising, she faced him.

  “ Now I am ready,” she said.
“ Will you go with me ? ”

  She carried no whip, but guided the
dogs by voice alone; and as they filed
behind the sledge, winding in and out
between the spruces along a trail that
some one had recently traversed, Hal-
lam saw for the first time a tear make
its way down her cheek and lie for a
second upon her breast, sparkling in
the sun like a single diamond.

  They had followed the high land
along the edge of the lake for perhaps
half a mile when there rose before
them a sharp ascent, up which the dogs
trotted at a smarter gait. Norma ran
behind and guided the sledge by its
“ gee pole.”

  Hallam, following, found himself on
a fiat-topped hillock, ringed about with
trees and overlooking the length of the
lake. In the center of the ring Hallam
saw an open grave.

  Norma brought the dogs to a halt
and turned.

  “ You will wonder at this,” she said.
“ My father was prepared, you see.
He chose this place long ago and made

it ready. This morning I came here
and dug away the ice and snow. Over
there are stones to lay in until it is
filled.”

  Looking down into the pit, Hallam
saw at the bottom a rude structure of
hewn logs made like a box to receive
the body. There was also a cover to
be lowered over it.

  The girl stooped over the bundle on
the sledge and untied the strips of raw-
hide that lashed it in place.

  “ Now,” she said; and together they
carried the dead man in his wrappings
of fur to the edge of the grave. Si-
lently, by the long thongs, they lowered
the body to the bottom.

  “ Norma,” Hallam said, using her
name unconsciously for the first time,
“ would you like to be alone here for
a little while ? ”

  She shook her head.

  “ Would you like me to repeat what
I can of the service for the dead ? ”

  “ No,” she said.

  So, together, they brought the
stones, small and large, from a pile
where a fire had been burning to melt
the snow, and together they filled the
grave.

  At last, when it was done, they
turned away and, following the dogs
as before, drove the empty sledge back
through the spruces in the twilight.
So silent, so stoical, did the girl seem
that Hallam forebore to speak.

  When they reached the house, and
the dogs had been freed of their har-
ness, she asked him to enter.

  “ It will be lonely,” she said. “ I
do not wish to be alone.”

  “ I will go and see to my camp, and
then come back.”

  “ For the night,” she said. “ I do
not wish to be alone to-night.”

  In the gathering darkness Hallam
could not see her face, but the words
were so simply spoken that the utter
unconventionality of the request did
not even occur to him. His only feel-
ing was one of sympathy for her lone-
liness. It seemed quite natural that she
should want some one with her.
THE QUITTER.

19

  Crossing- the cove, he found the In-
dians with a tent pitched and a fire
burning. When he told them that he
had decided to sleep in the house they
glanced quickly at each other, but they
did not try to dissuade him.

  “ In the morning,” Hallam told
them, “ we will arrange what is to be
done,” and swinging a light pack of
personal belongings over his shoulder
he started back across the ice.

  As he neared the house he saw that
a light streamed from the window.

  Norma called “ Come in,” in answer
to his knock.

       CHAPTER VIII.
       A Singular Hostess.

Hallam pushed open the door of
the cabin he was struck with the
warmth and cheeriness of the interior.

  In the center of the single long room
there was a stone chimney with a fire-
place, in which there was burning, not
logs of wood, but lumps of what he
recognized to be cannel-coal, the bright
flames from which flooded the space
in front with flickering light. On a
chain, suspended from the roof, hung
a large oil-lamp, and at the other end
of the room, back of the chimney, he
could see two others.

  For furniture there were chairs,
heavily constructed of hewn timber,
but luxuriously upholstered with cari-
bou hides.

  A heavy, square table stood under
the lamp, its rough top covered with a
beautifully tanned skin. Caribou
horns decorated the chimneypiece,
and across them rested a shotgun and
two repeating rifles. At either side of
the room was a bunk, furnished with
robes of fur.

  Norma was not to be seen, and Hal-
lam had time to note the few details
the interior offered. After a moment
he heard a light step and the girl ap-
peared from behind the chimney.

  She was no longer clothed in the
suit of musk-ox fur in which he had

first seen her, but wdre a long robe,
evidently made of a gray wool blan-
ket, which fell nearly to her feet. She
had tried to give the garment a femi-
nine touch, for it was furred about the
throat and sleeves as well as girdled
with the softest of sable.

  As before, her two great braids of
dark hair fell before her shoulders and
well down below her waist, the ends
unbound and tasseling out in thick,
shining masses.

  For a moment she stood looking at
him.

  “You will stay?”

  Hallam nodded.

  “ That is good,” she said, nodding
her head; “ you can have my bunk. I’
will take this one,” pointing to that;
on which her father’s body had lain.
“ Have you eaten ? ”

  “ Not since morning.”

  “ Sit here,” she said, pointing to a'
chair at the table, “ I know what a
hungry man is, and how to treat one.”
She swiftly disappeared behind the
great chimney and returned bearing a
large pot, which she hung on a crane
in the fireplace.

  As she lifted the lid the appetizing
odor of garlic faintly arose from the
steaming contents, which she ladled
out upon two tin plates. She swept
the tanned skin from the table and laid
one of these before Hallam on the
bare boards. The other she placed op-
posite and disappeared at the rear of
the room.

  When she came again she bore
forks, knives, and spoons, and two tin
cups of tea.

  “ Eat,” she said, seating herself in
her place. “ There’s plenty.”

  To Hallam it seemed as if no food
he had ever tasted was the equal of
that savory stew; that no tea he had
ever drunk before was of half the fra-
grance of that steaming infusion in
the tin cup. Between mouthfuls and
cups he watched the girl, surprised to
see that she ate with all the delicacy
that he was accustomed to find in
women.
20

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY,.

  She said little until the plates were
empty and the meal ended.

  “ There should be bread,” she re-
marked as she finished the last of her
mug of tea; “ but I have had no time
these last few days.”

  She rose and cleared the table, and
Hallam, left alone, heard her rattling
the plates in a dish-pan.

  Full to repletion, comfortable, warm
and dry for the first time in weeks, he
turned his chair to face the fire, won-
dering whether he should offer to help
her. But before he made up his mind
the work was done.

  “Do you mind my smoking?” he
asked as she came to the fire, drying
her hands on a coarse cloth.

■ She looked down at him in surprise.

• “ No,” she said, “ all men smoke.”

  Hallam smiled and filled his pipe.
He was frankly puzzled.

  With women, as a rule, he got on
well. Women liked him. He was
never at a loss with them.

  But here was a woman who was
different. He could not make her out.
She was neither friendly nor unfriend-
ly, neither interested nor indifferent.
She had apparently accepted his com-
ing and the slight aid she had permit-
ted him to render her as a matter of
course.

  That she seemed to trust him after
her early doubts had been disposed of,
even to the point of admitting him to
the house, was distinctly strange.

  At first he had thought nothing of
the invitation. Now that he had seen
the single room with its two unscreened
bunks, Hallam wondered. She must
be either very innocent, he thought,
or else entirely confident of her ability
to protect herself.

  As he lighted his pipe he cast about
for some opening, for while he wished
mightily to learn her history, her ret-
icence so far had made him cautious
of her displeasure. The sight of the
coal in the fireplace quickened a
thought in the back of his mind.

  “You burn coal,” he commented;

  where do you find it ? ”

  “ On the shore of the lake,” the girl
answered. “ There are tons of it ly-
ing about on the ground. I will show
you our storehouses.”

  She took a lamp from a side-bracket
and led the way to a door at the rear.
In passing the chimney Hallam saw
that there was a cooking-range of
small size that glowed warmly in the
dimness of the space.

  Swinging back the heavy-timbered
door the girl held her lamp high, dis-
closing a low, shedlike place, heaped
to the roof with glistening black
masses. Tons of fuel were stored
there. In one corner stood three
casks.

  “ Oil,” she said briefly. “ Father
found a way to distill it from the coal.
It is such a comfort—the oil. The
winter nights are very long here.”

  While Hallam still marveled she
closed the door and threw open an-
other. A rush of cold air nearly blew
out the lamp and she quickly shielded
it with her hand to prevent its being
utterly extinguished.

  In this freezing space hung the car-
casses of nearly a dozen fat caribou,
and on one side there were great bags
made of hides, filled to bursting. One
stood open, and Hallam reached over
and plunged in his hand. It was
wheat.

  He turned to Norma inquiringly.

  “ Wheat,” she answered to his un-
worded question, “ and barley. We
raise them both in the valley of the
inlet. There were some small vegeta-
bles, too; but they did not do well this
year, and the last have been eaten. I
am sorry.”

  As they turned back into the warm
room Hallam thought of the man
whose body he had helped to bury that
afternoon.

  What sort had he been ? Where
had he come from? Why had he
chosen to live in this subarctic wilder-
ness, wresting from the earth and
from the wild animal life a living for
himself and his daughter? What was
(his purpose ? What secret had he
THE QUITTER.

21

hidden with him in his grave within
the ring of spruces?

  A man who could raise wheat and
barley in the heart of the barren
ground, who could distil oil from
cannel-coal, who could live in com-
fort and die in peace in this great, un-
tenanted land, who could rear a daugh-
ter to womanhood in the midst of
such desolation, could have been no
common trapper or prospector.

  “ How long have you lived here ? ”
Hallam suddenly asked as they reached
the fire.

  “ Not long,” she replied, looking at
him steadily. “ Four winters ago we*
came here.”

  “And before that?”

  “ We lived in many places, hardly
ever for more than one winter and
summer. They were not as good as
this, and we had no coal, or good oil,
04- grain.”

  Hallam pulled on his pipe and
looked at the fire. The girl dropped
easily into' a chair and stretched her
moccasined feet toward the hearth.

  “ Norma,” he said, “ won’t you tell
me about yourself ? ”

  The girl looked up at him, frowning
slightly as she had when they first
faced each other hours before.

“ Why do you wish to5 know ? ’
“Would I be human if I didn’t?”
“ I don’t know,” she said. “ I have
never known but two human beings
since I was so small that I can hardly
remember.”

  “ Only two human beings? ” gasped
Hallam. “Your father and — who
else? Your mother?”

  “ No. My father and Sandy—the
half - breed that Angus McAvey shot
to death,” she replied, her voice grow-
ing hard and her frown deeper.

  Hallam’s thoughts went back witl;
a rush to the little frontier town and
the story of the duel across the hotel
bar. It seemed months ago. He re-
called Norma’s half-stunned surprise
at the news he brought, and the hope-
less look that had come into her eyes.
“Why won’t you tell me?” plead-

ed Hallam. “You have shown your
trust by asking me to stay here. Sure-
ly, it is not strange that I should wish
to know.”

  The girl looked at him, as was her
habit, straight between the eyes.

  “ Not to - night,” she said shortly.
“ Perhaps to-morrow I shall tell you
something. It is getting time to go
to bed.”

  She rose and, going to the door,
dropped a heavy bar into place across
it. The two small windows she shut-
tered and barred also.

  Hallam wondered at her calmness
and poise. His presence apparently
did not concern her in the least.

  She went about the room, putting
things to rights with the sure touch of
the practised housekeeper. The lights
in the rear of the room had already
been extinguished, and only the lamp
in the center now remained.

  “ The light from the fire will be
enough,” she said, and, mounting to
the seat of a chair, she fanned the
lamp out with a wave of her sleeve.

  At once she walked to her bunk and,
throwing back the coverings of fur,
lay down.

  “ Good night! ” she said.

  Hallam, still sitting by the fire, had
watched her curiously. Her bed-go-
ing was as simple as was everything
about her. There was no embarrass-
ment, no false modesty.

  He was suddenly left to his own de-
vices, and, knocking the ashes from
his pipe, he unlaced his moccasins,
stripped off his coat, and without fur-
ther ado rolled himself in the great
robe of mink skins he found on his
bunk.

  “Good night, Norma!” he said.

  There was no answer.

CHAPTER IX.

The Wailing in the Night.

JT was a long time before Hallam

  slept; but soon, as he lay watching
the flickering shadows of the fire on
22

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

the front wall, the regular, placid
breathing of the girl in the bunk
across the room told him that his
presence had not interfered with her
habit of slumber.

  Now that he was left alone with his
thoughts, the strangeness and uncon-
ventiality of his presence in the cabin
impressed itself upon him.

  He went over the events of the day
one by one, the strange behavior of
the dog-team, the finding of the cabin
in the spruces, the dead man, Norma,
the apparent fear of his half-wild
guides, the burial on the knoll by the
lake, the return to the house, and at
last the girl herself, reticent, singular-
ly unafraid, a trifle brusk, utterly un-
concerned.

  What manner of girl was this, he
asked himself—brought up in the wil-
derness by the man he had seen lying
dead? A stern old man by the look
of him. Once a gentleman perhaps,
an adventurer with the impulses and
the love of a free life, passed on to
him by some pioneer ancestor; per-
haps a man with a great sorrow. A
recluse, hiding himself from mankind
and selfishly requiring the same sacri-
fice of his child? A criminal, secluded
from the world?

  Norma’s beauty, her intelligence,
her courage, her physical strength,
the evident natural refinement of
speech and manner that must have
come from her father, all stamped her
as unusual, unique, a young woman
certainly to be studied and drawn out
with patient tact.

  Hallam decided that to press her
for her story would be useless. If he
would know it he must first gain her
respect and confidence. She was at
home here, independent and undis-
mayed. Doubtless her resources were
vastly greater than his, a mere tyro in
the craft of the northland. He felt
that she was quite able to take care of
herself, whether she chose to live here
alone or to make her way to civiliza-
tion.

  Civilization! He wondered how

much she had been told about the
world-^—his world! She had not seen
it since she had been a child. He won-
dered if she had read of or had been
taught to picture the places that teem
with humanity, and whether she had
dreamed of some day leaving the
great open spaces and herself becom-
ing a part of the life he knew.

  It suddenly occurred to Hallam that
he had not seen a book or any printed
thing about the cabin. Was it possi-
ble that she had never been taught to
read?

  He remembered her conditional
promise to tell him of-herself to-mor-
row. What would that telling reveal?

  Gradually from Norma and the
mystery of the lonely house of logs
his mind drifted back—back, through
what now seemed to him ages of toil
and many happenings, to that other*
girl, whose challenge, half curious,
half contemptuous, had sent him forth
upon this adventure.

  He fancied her incredulity when he
should tell her of this part of it—his
meeting with this young goddess of
the barren ground, and how he had
become, on her invitation, the sharer
of her sleeping chamber, where she
even now lay, screened from him only
by the white, impenetrable curtain of
her own unconscious chastity.

  Finally he grew drowsy. He was
warm, comfortable.

  The hazy thought of how comfort-
able he was was slowly drifting through
his fading consciousness when he be-
came unpleasantly aware of a sound.

  It was a low, unceasing murmur,
now increasing, now diminishing with
uncertain timbre, now rising, now fall-
ing in pitch, like the grief-wail of a
woman.

  Hallam became broad awake and
listened intently. The wind was com-
ing up. He could hear it whistling
in the low - hung eaves and sighing
through the tops of the spruces out-
side.

  But the noise that had aroused him
was not the wind.
THE QUITTER.

23

  He gave his attention sharply to-
ward the bunk in which the girl lay.
The sound did not come from her. It
seemed to come from nowhere, yet
from everywhere. The wind began to
blow harder, and with it rose the sound.

  Now it seemed like a chord, a har-
mony of tones; now it fell again to a
voiceless murmur.

  Once, puzzled, disturbed, strung to
a tension of which he was ashamed,
Hallam almost spoke to wake the girl
and ask the meaning. He raised him-
self on his elbow, his ears straining at
the mystery, but he fell back with the
call unvoiced, a feeling of chagrin con-
quering.

  All at once he heard her stir. She
raised herself and laid back the robe
that covered her. She was getting up.

  Hallam lay still and watched covert-
ly. Slipping out of her bunk, she
found her moccasins and approached
the fire. She glanced at Hallam’s bunk,
and satisfied that he was asleep, she
noiselessly lifted a great piece of cannel-
coal and laid it on the dying embers.

  The flame shot up, yellow and
strong, throwing her stooping figure
into high relief against the shadows of
the room. Silently she crouched be-
fore the blaze, spreading out her hands
to its warmth.

  The wind blew fitfully, and the
sound that Hallam could not explain
wavered with the gusts. The girl paid
no attention, but knelt by the fire, star-
ing into the heart of it, her eyes fixed
in the emptiness of reverie.

  Lying far back in the shadow, Hal-
lam could see, beneath the soft fur that
edged her gray robe, the rise and fall
of her young breast. He saw her clasp
her hands and carry them to her heart,
then to her face, covering her eyes.

  Her figure collapsed a little within
itself, and above the whine of the wind
and that other sound he heard a sob.

  Suddenly his heart went out to her
in a great wave of warmth. As he
watched, his own eyes grew moist and
his throat tightened. He forgot the
sound; he forgot everything except that

she was a young girl, alone, grieving
for the father who was gone from her
forever.

  His impulse was to go to her and lay
his hand upon her, and offer her what
comfort the presence of another human
being might bring. He stirred.

  She heard, and the spell was broken.
Instantly he saw her face change and
her figure straighten.

  She rose, and without looking at his
bunk, went swiftly back to her own.

  It had been but a glimpse, but Hal-
lam was glad he had seen. He was
not conscious of having intruded upon
her.

  It had been given to him, rather, to
know that, for all her calmness, her
poise, and her repression, this young
girl was like other girls, a very human
soul, grievously hurt by the hand of
Death—and sorrowing.

  As he lay thinking, he felt that the
sympathy which had silently leaped
from him to her might have somehow
reached her, and that henceforth, there
might be a better understanding be-
tween them.

  The wind still rose and fell, but
more faintly. The sound still mur-
mured, but more softly. The tension
was gone; and Hallam, watching the
dancing shadows on the wall, fell
asleep.

  When he again awoke the day had
come and the light from the clear east
was flooding a yellow path across the
room.

  His first glance was toward Norma’s
bunk. She was not there. The fire
was burning briskly on the hearth, and,
listening, he heard the barking of the
dogs in their kennel outside.

  A light step sounded at the rear of
the room behind the chimney, and he
caught the sound of water splashing in
a basin.

  He wondered whether rising would
cause him to intrude. He lay back to
wait for her to appear, or to give some
sign.

  The splashing ceased, and in another
moment the girl stepped within his
24

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

range of vision. She was clothed
again in the full suit of musk-ox fur.

  She walked quickly to the door at
the front of the cabin, threw it open,
standing in its path of white light and
gazing out across the frozen lake, a
straight, slim, boyish figure. The
breath of cold air that came past her
was sweet and fresh.

  Hallam raised himself and threw
back his furs. At the movement she
turned and closed the door.

  “ Good morning,” Hallam said.

  “ Yes, a fine day,” she answered.
“ We will have something to eat direct-
ly. You will find a basin back here.”

  Hallam swung out of his bunk and
accepted the invitation, splashing his
face and neck with ice-cold water, while
she stood waiting with a piece of coarse
linen for him to use as a towel.

  He thanked her and used it grate-
fully, a luxury he had not known for
weeks. A mirror showed him the un-
becomingness of a stubby growth upon
his cheeks and chin, kept from undue
length by a pair of clippers, and he
vowed he would use his razor at the
first opportunity.

  His comb being deep in his pack, he
smoothed his rough hair with his
hands as best he could, and, turning
away, found Norma still looking at
him. She had loosened her two great
braids, and her hair fell about her like
a dark cloak of smooth silk.

  She smiled slightly at Hallam’s at-
tempts to subdue his tawny locks and
held out to him the comb she herself
was using.

  Half embarrassed by the offer, he
took it, used it, and handed it back,
whereupon she went on straightening
the tangles of her own tresses most un-
concernedly.

  “ Your hair is wonderful, Norma,”
Hallam said, watching her.

  “ Is it ? ” she returned. “ I like it,
too. It’s so soft, and it keeps me warm
when the long nights come. Ah, I’m
glad they’re gone! They are the w'orst
part of this country.”

  She braided her hair quickly into its
thick plaits and became busy about the
stove.

  “ I think perhaps I’d better see to
my men,” Hallam said. “ Can I help
you now ? I will be back shortly.”

  Hallam found his fur cap and outer
coat and started down the path to the
lake. When he reached the shore he
looked toward the point. A thin col-
umn of smoke rose from among the
trees, and he struck across the cove.

  In five minutes he reached the other
side and called to Joe. There was no
answer.

 He bounded up the bank. The
smoldering remains of a camp-fire
greeted him, but that was all.

  Indian, half-breed, dog-team, sledge
—everything was gone!

TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK. Don’t forget this magazine is issued weekly, and that
you will get the continuation of this story without waiting a month.

A WOMAN

By Mary Carolyn Davies

                     MY heart is a lute awaiting its master,

                     Only one hand can wake its strings.

                    Strike it, and humble it. Harder! Faster!

                    Hark! It sings!

                      My heart is a lute, kept strung too tightly,
                      Waiting one hand, one touch, alway.

                      The strings will break if ’tis not played lightly—
                      But— Louder! Play!
Albert Fkjsoi\Terhune

Author of M A Complete Tweed Suit," ''Articles of War/' "The Sword of Ali Diab,'* etc.

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS

NEAR the end of the Mexican War, when Zachary Taylor was superseded by
“Fuss and Feathers” Scott, Lieutenant-Colonel James Brinton, of Taylor’s army,
was overcome with pulque and insulted General Scott. The later cashiered him. Brin-
ton went home to Ideala, Ohio, where he tried to dull his disgrace with drink. Four-
teen years later it is the opening of the Civil War. Brinton, known as Dad ” by the
whole town, sees his son enlist for commercial reasons, and urged by his grandson
Jimmie, enlists himself as “ James Dadd.”

CHAPTER IX.

A Lesson in Manners.

TEN days later an interminably
long transport-train puffed out
of the Cincinnati station. Its
three engines were gay in polished
brass and red smoke-stacks. All three
were decked with sooty American
flags.

  At the station a brass band was
braying and a brazen - lunged crowd
was still cheering, for this was the
first of the several troop-trains, bear-
ing drafts of recruits from Cincin-
nati to the training-camps outside of
Washington.

  The day was stiflingly hot. The
wooden cars were packed to overflow-
ing. When the windows were closed
the air promptly became unbreathable.
When they were open a whirlwind of
soft-coal embers and soot from the
gaudy locomotive gushed in.

  The recruits, however, were as jubi-
lant as though they were starting on
a picnic.

  Singly there were choking mem-
ories of dear ones left behind, and
there was perhaps dread of what
might lie before. But collectively all
was noisy, even boisterous, gaiety.

  One car, whose occupants were
largely recruited from Cincinnati
water-front and similar purlieus, was
deafeningly rackety. Songs, cheers,
catcalls, horseplay, and the more or
less surreptitious circulation of flat,
brown flasks were the chief compo-
nents of the fun.

  The officers in charge, acting on a
hint from headquarters not to press
too heavily the lever of discipline until
the recruits should reach the training-
camps, did little to suppress the jolly
riot in this particular car.

  Yet as the racket swelled they ex-
changed many uneasy looks.

  They themselves were for the most
part civilians, still new to martial
ways and to the handling of men.
Wherefore, they had gathered in the
officers’ compartment at the forward
end of the troop-car, where there was

Thi» story began in the All-Story Cavalier Weekly for July 4.
26

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

at least breathing room, and left the
men pretty much to themselves.

  A new-made .militia major went
through the car, glaring sternly from
side to side, at a loss for the exact
words wherewith to restore quiet. As
he passed there was but slight lessen-
ing of the din, and as he entered the
officers’ compartment the horseplay
broke out afresh.

  A drillmaster, ranking as first lieu-
tenant and veteran of the Mexican
War, looked up as the major entered.

  “ A few of those fellows need a
taste of the cells or the log and chain,”
hazarded the lieutenant. “ And they’ll
get plenty of both if they keep up this
sort of thing after we reach the
camps. It seems a pity we were or-
dered to go easy with them on the
trips.”

  “ It’s mostly that big bargemaster
who enlisted last week,” said the ma-
jor. “You remember? The fellow
you told me about —• the one who
smuggled a flask of whisky onto the
parade - grounds and tried to drink
during drill? He’s cast himself for
the role of village cut-up. He starts
the noise every time. His latest feat
is to pelt one of the older men with
peanut - shells. He picked out the
meekest-looking, oldest man in sight,
I suppose, to make the sport safer.
Every shot brings a laugh and every
hit a chorus of yells.”

  The lieutenant glanced out of the
compartment and down the length of
the thronged car.

  “ It’s a dirty shame,” he reported
as he drew back from investigating.
“ He’s chosen as his butt one of the
finest old fellows in all the draft of
recruits. A man I’ve had my eye on
since the day he joined. A man with
a mystery behind him, I should say.”
“Who?” asked the major, waking
to mild interest at the magic word
“ mystery.” “ The old codger the
bargee is pelting? Seems a harmless,
unromantic sort of fellow.”

  “ He joined a little over a week
ago,” replied the lieutenant. “ I wasi

cranky that day, and I hated to see a
gray-haired man among the rookies I
was drilling, for the old ones are awk-
wardest and take twice as long to
learn the simplest tactics as the young
chaps. But he’d passed the physical
exam, and had been sworn in, so I
tried to make the best of it. But, as
it turned out, I didn’t have to.”

  “ Why not? ”

  “ I put him in an ‘ awkward squad ’
and started in to teach the squad how
to stand and how to step out. Well,
the instant this old man ‘ fell in ’ I
saw he was a soldier. I yanked him
out of that awkward squad in five
seconds and put him in a company. I
kept on watching him. He had the
tactics down to his finger-ends. I’ve
used him two or three times at a pinch
to help me drill awkward squads.”

  “ Nothing very mysterious about
that, is there?” yawned the major.
“ I’ve read several more thrilling mys-
tery stories by Poe and Gaboriau.”

  “ The mystery is this,” said the
lieutenant, ignoring the elephantine
sarcasm. “ I can’t get him to admit
he's ever served before. He just shut
up like a clam when I asked him. His
name is Dadd—James Dadd. I took
the bother to look up the name on the
old army rolls. There’s never been
such a name in the United States
army. He isn’t a foreigner, either.”

  “ May be serving under another
name,” suggested the major, whom
the story did not at all interest.

  “Is it probable? Nowadays men
are only too anxious to be known as
enlisting for the flag. And there are
big chances for promotion for men
who have served before. He wouldn’t
be likely to miss those chances by
changing his name and refusing to
admit he was a veteran. No, it’s a
bit mysterious. And—”

  A redoubled chorus of yells from
the car brought the several officers
in the compartment instinctively to
their feet. Crowding to the door,
they peered out over each other’s
shoulders into the traveling bedlam.
“ DAD.”

27

  The humorist had just put a cap-
stone on his achievement of wit by
creeping slyly up behind the old man
whom he had been bombarding with
peanut-shells, and emptying the entire
residue of the paper-bag’s contents
down the back of his patient victim’s
neck.

  The exploit brought forth tumultu-
ous applause from the uncouth crowd
of onlookers near by.

  Dad, who had smiled amusedly as
each peanut of the earlier volleys had
chanced to hit him, now laughed aloud
in tolerant mirth. He had seen new-
comers far more mercilessly hazed in
his earlier army days. To him the
rude fun was the mere animal spirit
of a gathering of children, bent on
larking it while out for a holiday.

  And while he did not greatly enjoy
the task of scraping harsh peanut-shells
from between his collar and his neck,
it struck him as decidedly amusing
that a full-grown man like this partly
drunk bargee should find joy in such
foolishness and that others should
deem it funny enough to send them
into recurrent and boisterous guffaws.

  He was glad, though, that they
could laugh. It would shift their
thoughts from the grief of leave-
taking. He was quite willing to be
the butt of their laughter so long as
it served so good a purpose.

  The bargee, however, was far from
pleased at his victim’s tolerant atti-
tude. He would have preferred to see
the old man stamp and swear in im-
potent rage or mumble piteously futile
threats at his tormentor.

  To achieve some such end he came
around in front of Dad and, hands on
hips, leered down at the pleasantly
smiling target of his clownish activi-
ties.

  “ Well, gran’pa,” said he, “ ain’t
you goin’ to thank me for them gen-
erous gifts I been lavishin’ so free-
handed and kind on you? ”

  “ Certainly,” agreed Dad. “ Much
obliged, my friend. Only you mis-
took the location of my mouth. It’s

in front here, not at the back of my
neck, as you seem to have made the
mistake of thinking.”

  Some one tittered at this very mild
pleasantry.

  The titter nettled the bargee. He
desired a monopoly of laughs, and
through vexation his merrymaking at
once assumed a more caustic tone.

  “Kind of a smart Abe, ain’t ye?”
he queried. “ Guess that kind o’ talk
passes for funny back in the Old
Men’s Home, don’t it? Or did they
dig you up out of somebody’s fam’ly
vault? ”

  “Aw, drop it, Cy!” expostulated a
softer-hearted recruit across the aisle.

   “ That’s right,” assented the bargee.
“ He may be somebody’s great-great-
granddaddy. Gran’ma starved him
and larruped him with a broom-
handle back home, so he run away to
get a square feed at Uncle Sammy’s
expense. Ain’t that the way of it,
gran’pa ? ”

   “ Sonny,” replied Dad, still smiling
and in perfect good nature, “ I ran
away because somebody stole my
comic almanac, and I couldn’t get on
without it. I missed it a lot — till I
met you.”

  The titter rose again, this time
swelled by several voices. The bargee
reddened as he sought to digest the du-
bious repartee.

  Nevertheless, he essayed to answer
the none too subtle gibe in like vein.

  “ It’s bad enough,” he grumbled,
“ to stand up and get shot at for thir-
teen dollars a month. But when we’ve
got to stomach an old goat like you,
along with the job, by gollies, it adds
new horrors to war! You talk like
you’re the same breed as old monkey-
faced Abe, down there in Washington.”
The smile was wiped clean off Dad’s
face now. His eyes were cold, and his
mouth was set in a very straight, thin
line.

  “ My friend,” he said with slow
gravity, “ you don’t realize what you
are saying. So I will explain to you,
if you will let me. President Abraham
28

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

Lincoln is commander-in-chief of the
army to which you have sworn alle-
giance. In speaking of your com-
mander-in-chief as you have just done,
you do not insult him—he is too high
for insults to reach him—but you in-
sult your army, and likewise your own
self-respect. You didn’t stop to think
of that when you spoke, did you ? I’m
sure you didn’t. But you will another
time.”

  The bargee’s head shot forward
from between his suddenly hunched
shoulders. There was a menacing
scowl on his low, receding brow, be-
low which his eyes had narrowed to pin-
points that gleamed redly.

  “ I don’t want no lectures,” he
snarled, “ from any fat-headed old
blowhard.” Angry, the bargee, never-
theless, rejoiced in secret that at last
he had roused his foe from his former
kindly calm. “ And I’ve got a right to
speak my opinions as I choose to. This
is a free country. Or it was till they
stuck up a lantern-jawed, back-woods
booby in the President’s chair. That’s
some more of my opinions; how d’ye
like that? ”

  Somebody hissed. The hiss was
taken up from various parts of the car.

  But at the next moment every man
was on his feet; and on the instant
hush that had fallen a hundred necks
were craned.

  With almost incalculable swiftness
Dad had sprung up and faced the
bargee. The latter, reading the white-
fire message in the lately kind blue eyes,
hesitated not the fraction of a second,
but struck out instinctively.

  The hamlike fist swished porten-
tously through the air.

  But the air was all it encountered.
Dad, ducking the blow, ran in. Be-
fore the bargee could grapple, he was
lifted bodily on high.

  Down he came. Not to the floor,
but to a bended knee that caught him
lengthwise athwart the middle of the
body. The bargee doubled, face
downward, across Dad’s knee—like a
jack-knife.

  One iron hand on the back of his
fat neck pinioned his head to the floor.
With the other hand Dad smote—*
smote again, and yet again and again.

  Wide-handed he struck and with
open palm on the portion of the
bargee’s anatomy which, in that posi-
tion, presented the largest and, in all
respects, the most convenient striking
surface.

  The blows of the spanking resound-
ed like prolonged theater applause.
The bargee struggled and writhed and
kicked. But all in vain. The hand and
arm that held him fast were as strong
as they were deft.

  With no shadow of annoyance on his
handsome face. Dad continued to
spank, while the car shook with howls
of delight from a hundred throats—
howls that quite drowned the bargee’s
lurid vocabulary.

  At length Dad paused. Palm sig-
nificantly upraised, he asked gently:

  “ President Lincoln is a great man,
isn’t he?”

  “ Y-yes,” groaned the bargee, after
a moment of hesitation.

  “ You’ll never forget that again? ”
  “*tfo.”

  “ I’m glad. Get up now, and let’s
be friends. Won’t you share my seat?
Or—perhaps, under the circumstances,
you’ll feel more comfortable to stand
up for a while.”

        CHAPTER X.
        Sergeant Dadd.

JX SEA of pale-green sward, bathed
in a drift of pink-whjte apple-
blossoms. Above, the softest of blue
spring skies.

  In the middle distance the hazy
mountains brave in their spring pan-
oply. And, between mountains and
apple-orchard, a line of trampled grain-
fields, sown now with hundreds of
sprawling dead men in dark blue and
in light gray.

  Back of the glowing white orchard
a dingy white city that had sprung to
“ DAD.”

29

life overnight. A city of many long
streets, each lined with battered canvas
tents.

  Over one of these tents — a tent
large and less dingy than its humbler
fellows — floated an American flag
topped by a gilded eagle. The veriest
three-month recruit would have known
the tent by its insignia as the tempo-
rary abode of the general commanding.

  Through the opening made by the
pinned-back flap the interior was vis-
ible. At the back was a cot; beside it
a shabby campaign trunk.

  In the tent’s center was a collapsible
table, at which, on a campaign stool,
sat a bearded man in a gold-laced blue
coat which bore the rank mark of a
general officer of the Union army.

  At attention in front of the general
stood a tall, wiry man, bronzed of face,
his grizzled hair close clipped, his eye
the eye of a boy. Sergeant’s stripes
adorned the arm of his fatigue jacket.

  Few of the old Eagle Hotel coterie
back in Ideala would have recognized
at a glance, in the trim, alert figure,
their old crony, the portly and sham-
bling Dad.

  The loose flesh that had accumulated
during fourteen years of bibulous in-
dulgence had vanished; to be replaced
by hard muscle. The alcohol had been
utterly banished from his system by
nine months of hard working and clean,
outdoor living.

  At Ideala he would have passed for
sixty; here for little more than forty.

  “ Sergeant Dadd,” said the general,
looking" up from some papers and maps
on the table as the non-commissioned
officer’s shadow fell athwart his vision,
“ I have sent for you to act as courier
in getting copies of some important
plans through to General Hooker.
Your success in carrying a message
across thirty miles of country infested
by the enemy’s skirmishing parties last
month has been reported to me . That
is why I have sent for you now.”

  Dad’s face did not relax its look of
military blankness. But a faint flush
of pleasure tinged the tan of his cheeks.

  The general as he spoke was sorting
from the heap before him several pa-
pers whereon were written pages, col-
umns of figures and rough - drawn
plans. These he thrust into an envel-
ope, which he triple-sealed with wax
heated in a tallow dip that sputtered
for that purpose on one corner of the
table.

  Then, addressing the envelope, he
sanded it and passed it across the table
into1 the outstretched hand of Dad.

  “To General Hooker himself, and
no other,” he said succinctly.

  Dad saluted, thrusting the envelope
into the bosom of his flannel shirt.
Vaguely he wondered why he, an in-
fantry sergeant, should be chosen for
this task in a camp that bristled with
aids and couriers.

  His former feat of the sort had been
performed in a moment of dire emer-
gency, for which volunteers had been
requested. He had volunteered, had
accomplished the ticklish task, and had
thereby won promotion from a second
to a first sergeancy in his company.

  But as the general spread out a pocket
map on the table and pointed to the
present position of General Hooker’s
headquarters, Dad began to under-
stand why a specially equipped man, in-
stead of an ordinary courier, had been
selected for this particular purpose.

  Dad was familiar with the sur-
rounding region. His corps of the
Army of the Potomac had marched
and fought* and countermarched and
bivouacked and advanced and retreat-
ed across nearly every square foot of
it for the past two months.

  He saw from a glance at the map
the location General Hooker had
chosen for his new headquarters. It
was nearly forty miles away, and be-
tween it and the camp behind the ap-
ple orchard lay a section of country
that the Confederate victory of the
preceding day would set aswarm with
graycoats.

  This battle—whose grim harvest
still lay ungathered along the moun-
tain foot, ten miles distant — had
30

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

driven back a portion of the Union
line that was seeking to wriggle its
way along the Virginia peninsula to-
ward Richmond.

  The several corps were widely scat-
tered.

  And in the interstices—notably be-
tween this spot and General Hook-
er’s headquarters — were masses of
Confederate guerrilla - bands, Confed-
erate skirmish companies, Confederate
scout-parties, and even swift-march-
ing Confederate regiments and bri-
gades.

  To cross the intervening space un-
molested was an exploit easier for a
high-flying crow to accomplish than
for a human being—particularly when
that human being chanced to be a
blue-uniformed Yankee soldier.

  The general, raising his eyes from
the map on which with a pencil-butt
he was tracing the route from start
to destination, read in Dad’s eyes the
knowledge of what the journey must
mean.

  M It is an expedition for a full bri-
gade,” said the general, “ or—for one
resourceful man. I do not underesti-
mate the peril of capture, nor do I
formally command you to go. I
merely give you a chance to volunteer
for the mission if you wish to assume
its responsibilities.”

  Dad saluted again.

  “ I beg to volunteer, sir,” said he
with decisive military brevity.

  “ I was certain you would,” nodded
the general. “ I made the request as
a technicality. I warn you, sergeant,
that the chances of capture are at
least ten to one against you. That is
why I wish you to go in uniform. It
may lessen your prospects of success,
but in the event of capture you will
be a prisoner of war and not hanged.”

  Dad looked more keenly at the
speaker. This general of his had not
the reputation of nursing carefully
his men’s lives, nor of placing those
lives ahead of successful achievement.

  Dad wondered a little at the man’s
unusual consideration. But quickly

he dismissed the problem as not only
too deep for him, but as immaterial.

  He was eager to be off upon this
hazardous venture. He knew the
country. He knew his route, and he
was anxious to pit his brains and his
luck against whatever foes might in-
fest the intervening districts.

  “You ride?” asked the general.

  “ Yes, sir.”

  “ You will gain time that way.
The risk is greater, but so is the speed.
Go to your quarters and get ready. I
will order a fast horse sent there to
you in five minutes. Start at once
when it arrives. Well,” he went on
impatiently as Dad hesitated, “ what
is it?”

  “ Pardon me, sir,” ventured Dad.
" A man who is captured may some-
times get away, but the papers he has
are seized as soon as he is caught. If
I am taken and if I get away again
without my papers, is there any verbal
message that I may take to General
Hooker? Any outline of the nature
of those plans I am to carry ? ”

 “No!”

  The general spoke sharply and in a
tone of stark finality, turning his back
on the volunteer courier and resuming
his work at the table. His manner
toward him had all at once changed
from the unwontedly familiar to the
customarily dictatorial.

  Again wondering a little, Dad left
the tent and made his way hurriedly
down the camp street to his own com-
pany’s quarters.

  There it was the work of two min-
utes to make his soldierly prepara-
tions for the trip.

  Then, with nothing to do but to
await the arrival of the expected
horse, he filled and lighted a pipe, sat
down on a roll of blankets in the tent
doorway, and with a stick fell to tra-
cing in the dirt a line of his proposed
route, that each step of the way might
thereafter be fresh in his mind as he
started on his errand.

  This act of concentration was by
no means easy, for a half score of
“ DAD.”

31

lounging infantrymen were lying on
the grass near by, smoking and talk-
ing over the events of the preceding
day’s battle.

  Realizing that a soldier in the ranks
knows far less about the actual ac-
tions and effects of a battle in which
he has just been engaged than does
the non-combatant stay-at-home who
reads a telegraphed account of it next
day in his morning newspaper, Dad
gave no particular heed to their
frankly voiced conjectures and boasts.

  Presently, as they were discussing
a certain disastrous attempt to rally a
retreating regiment, he heard a newly
joined member of his company—who
formerly had fought in the army of
the West — break loudly in upon the
group’s debating:

  “ Talk of rallying! We ought to
have had Battle Jimmie along. He’d
have drummed that whole skedaddling
regiment to a halt in less than no
time; and then he’d have led ’em back
to the firing-line, blackguarding them
for a rabble of cowards every step of
the way.”

  “What’s Battle Jimmie?” drawled
a lank New Englander. “ That’s a
new name to me. What is it—a dog
or a bird or a patent medicine ? ”

  “ Don’t know who Battle Jimmie
is ? ” cried the Westerner in scornful
incredulity. “ Next you’ll be askin’
who’s Little Mac or Father Abraham
or Fightin’ Joe.”

  “ Maybe I will at that,” answered
the New Englander. “ But who the
dickens is—”

  “ Battle Jimmie? There ain’t a man
in the army of the West who’d ask
that question. And yet ■ I dunno
who he is. Nobody does. First time
we ever saw him was back in the late
fall. We were chargin’ a line of bat-
teries on a hill, and as fast as we’d
get half-way up the hill we’d break
and scuttle b'ack to cover, which sure
wasn’t none too healthy on that hill-
side.

  “ The fourth time we tackled the
hill we hadn’t any too much love for

the job, and we begin to waver and
get unenthoosiastic before we’ve gone
a quarter of the distance. Then all
of a sudden, skallyhootin' out of no-
where, comes Battle Jimmie.

  “ He’s in a cast-off uniform miles
too big for him, and he’s got hold of
a drum somehow or other. And, say,
boys, the noise he could tease out of
that old drum was sure a caution to
snakes.

  “ Right in front of our first rank
he runs, hammerin’ away at that bless-
ed drum; chargin’ up the hill ahead
of us in a whole beehive of bullets
and grape, yellin’: ‘ Come along, you
lazy coots! Shake a leg there! Don’t
keep me waitin’ when I get to the top.
I don’t want the bother of havin’ to
clean out them Johnnie Reb batteries
all by myself! ’

  “ There was one great big laugh
went up that was more like a cheer.
It came roarin’ out from the whole
line. We forget to be discouraged
any more, and up the hill we kited
after that fool boy and his drum.

  “ We didn’t stop till we was over
the breastworks and right in among
the guns, and the Con feds was scram-
blin’ out the opposite side to get away.
After that Battle Jimmie could have
his pick of anythin’ the army of the
West had in their whole camp—”

  The arrival of a roan cavalry
charger, led by an orderly, ended the
narrative of Battle Jimmie, so far as
Dad was concerned. His mind full
of his mission, he had given little at-
tention to it.

  Now, swinging into the saddle, he
set off at an easy canter.

  Ahead of him lay an errand whose
chances o>f success the general himself
had estimated as one in ten. The
prospect of such fearful odds sent a
glad thrill of combat tingling warmly
through the veteran.

  “ Jockeys have won races against
bigger odds than that,” he mused joy-
ously, “ with only a purse as reward.
It’ll go hard if I can’t do as well with
the country’s fortunes maybe as my
32

ALL-STORY CAVALIER .WEEKLY,

stake. I'll win out, or—I won’t be
alive to know I’m a failure.”

  For twenty miles v Dad rode in
safety.

  That did not mean he covered
twenty straight - away miles of his
journey. On the contrary, he lessened
the distance between himself and
Hooker's headquarters by less than
twelve miles.

  Avoiding main roads as far as pos-
sible; reconnoitering and then making
detours when danger seemed to
threaten or when fresh hoof - marks
denoted the recent passing of cavalry-
men; going out of his way to take ad-
vantage of hillock-and-forest shelter—*
he had almost doubled the distance
that would have been needful had he
followed the direct route.

  Thus far he had met with no mishap.
Once he had plunged into a thicket,
halted abruptly there, and dismounted
as a troop of gray-coated patrols jin-
gled past on the road barely twenty
yards distant. Cautiously reaching
downward, he had snatched a handful
of sweet fern, and with it had rubbed
his horse's nostrils; lest the beast,
catching the scent of the patrols’
horses, should whinny.

  Again he had turned quickly into a
high-banked and twisting lane at sight
of a dust-cloud far ahead and thus
avoided a battalion of Jackson’s cav-
alry.

  A third time he had spurred his
horse into a gully of red clay on sound
of hoof-beats, just before a band of
guerrillas, or bushwhackers, had can-
tered by.

  His senses super-tense, calling on
himself for every scouting trick that
old-time experience could devise, Dad
wound his tortuous way safely through
a score of pitfalls that would have en-
trapped a lesser man.

  The farther he rode the more fully
he realized the truth of his general’s
forecast that the chances against his
winning through to Hooker were ten
to one.

  In fact, the prospect of any one’s
making the whole trip in safety was
negligible.

  The whole countryside was alive
with Confederates. Dad could see
traces of their passage everywhere.
More than once he was tempted to dis-
mount and trust to the greater safety,
if lesser speed, of a foot journey.

  Halting, as usual, before rounding
the bend of a by-road, he strained his
ears to catch any sound of riders ahead.
There was only the drowsy spring si-
lence.

  He trotted around the wooded curve
—and passed four men who sprawled,
half asleep, on the wayside grass, their
grazing horses hobbled behind them.

  A glance told Dad the occupation
and character of the resting quartet.

  They were guerrillas; such as in-
fected both Northern and Southern
armies. Irregular troops in demi-
uniform, who pursued a system of free-
lance fighting, and often of free-lance
plundering as well.

  He had ridden too far into their line
of vision to retreat. His uniform was
an instant introduction. The fine
horse that he rode was, alone, worth a
chase from these horse-loving Confed-
erate marauders.

  At sight of the rider one of the som-
nolent guerrillas opened an eye. The
spectacle of a blue uniform set both
eyes wide open.

  He called loudly to his fellows. All
four sat up with the grotesque sudden-
ness of jumping-jacks.

  Then they scrambled to their feet
and flung themselves at the horseman.

  Dad had already dug spurs into his
mount. Now he flashed out the pistol
he had brought along. But, finger on
trigger, he hesitated and forbore to
fire, lest the report bring to the scene
every possible Confederate within a
half-mile.

  The foremost guerrilla reached his
bridle and jumped for it as the horse
darted nervously forward under the
sudden double impact of the spurs.

  Dad threw his own body far for-
“ DAD.”

33

ward and with his pistol-butt caught
the guerrilla’s outflung wrist a numb-
ing blow that deflected the grasp from
the bridle leather.

  A second guerrilla clutched at the
leg of the rider himself, missed it by a
scant inch, and rolled in the dirt from
a glancing contact with the roan’s flank.

  Dad was clear of the men and was
still riding at top speed. A glance over
his shoulder gave him a momentary
picture of the four turning back and
running for their hobbled horses. Ap-
parently it was to be a chase.

  Dad settled himself low in the sad-
dle, returned his pistol to its holster,
and nursed his eager horse along at
every atom of speed the mettled brute
possessed.

  The horse was not fresh, but was
strong and swift. Dad, despite his five
feet eleven inches of muscular height,
was slender and no galling weight in
the saddle.

  Also, there was every probability
that his pursuers’ mounts were little
fresher than his own.

  Yet he was riding straight into the
enemy’s country, with no further
chance of subterfuge or skulking. At
any point he might be headed off, or
speedier horses might be added to the
chase.

  He must trust to blind luck, and to
no other mortal agency, that he might
possibly be able to gain sufficient lead
to give the four guerrillas the slip be-
fore they could drive him into some
body of Confederates coming from an
opposite direction or rouse the whole
region against him.

  And so he rode as never before he
had ridden.

  Once and again he looked back.
The guerrillas were mounted now and
in full pursuit, strung out in a long line
of three vari-sized gaps. As he looked
the second time the foremost gave
voice to the Virginian fox - hunters’
“ View-halloo! ”

  It was an insult that stung the fugi-
tive to hot rage.

  Snake - fences, copses, and fields

     3	a-s c

swept past on either hand. The roan
was well in his mile-eating stride, and
thus far showed no sign of distress at
the fearful strain put upon him. Yard
by yard, he was pulling away from the
four laboring steeds that thundered
along in his dusty wake.

  The by-road, at an acute angle, met
and merged with the highway.

  Here was added danger of meeting
foes. But there was no other course
to take.

  And into the }'ellow highway Dad
guided the fleeing roan As he did so
he rose in his stirrups and peered for-
ward, the sharp, old eyes scanning the
broad ribbon of road for a full three
miles ahead.

  The next moment he had brought
his horse to a mercilessly quick and
sliding standstill that well-nigh threw
the gallant beast off balance. Directly
in front hung a dust-cloud no longer
than a man’s hand.

       CHAPTER XI.
       Devil and Deep Sea.

“|~HE campaigner instinct told Dad
what raised so odd a cloud on the
dry dust of the road. From its position
and formation, he knew it hung above
a cavalry column of considerable size.

  A glance at the road at his feet
showed him that no such large body
of horsemen had passed during the past
two hours. The column, then, was
coming toward him.

  And between him and it lay no cross-
road.

  There was but one possible move for
him; for already the hoof-thuds of the
four guerrillas’ horses were growing
louder.

  Dad wheeled his horse and rode back
at a dead gallop along the main road he
had just entered.

  Past the byway’s mouth he sped and
straight on. The guerrillas, still on the
byway, noted the maneuver and, with
a quadruple yell, struck out across the
intervening field to cut him off.
34

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

  And for a brief space their action
favored the refugee.

  For the field they entered was newly
and deeply plowed. Moreover, through
its center, in a depression, was a bit of
boggy ground almost worthy the name
of quagmire.

  The horses lumbered heavily over the
plowed ground and sank almost to their
knees when they came to the strip of
mire. The roan, meantime, tore along
the hard, yellow highway with un-
diminished speed.

  One of the guerrillas whipped out a
pistol and fired thrice in quick succes-
sion.

  A bullet whined querulously past
Dad’s head. A second caught him fair-
ly in the bridle arm.

  The shot was fired at longest pistol-
range, and its force was almost spent
before it reached its mark. Yet it bit
its way through the uniform coat and
the shirt - sleeve, and inflicted a light
flesh-wound in the forearm.

  The shock of the blow knocked the
rein from Dad’s left hand numbed his
left arm to the shoulder. At the jerk
on the bit the great roan swerved sharp-
ly in surprise.

  Dad caught the loose-flung rein in
his right hand and guided the terrified
horse back into the road’s center.

  As he did so a chinkapin and live-
oak forest shut him off from the view
of the floundering guerrillas.

  “ They never knew I was hit,” he
growled. “ That’s one comfort.”

  He glanced down at his left arm.
Already an inordinately large patch of
blood was discoloring the blue uniform
on either side of the bullet hole.

  “ Must have tapped a big vein or
maybe an artery,” he conjectured, as he
saw the blood trickle fast from the
edge of his cuff. “ At this rate, I’ll
be too weak in a few minutes to sit in
the saddle. I’ll have to stop some-
where to stanch it.”

  He looked back. No sign yet of the
guerrillas. He had been too far away
from the larger cavalry column, he
knew, for any of its riders to dis-

tinguish himself or his uniform. The
thick woods still closed in the road on
either side.

  Dad looked for a likely spot to pene-
trate the forest.

  But on both sides of the road a high
snake-fence arose, a fence too high
for any horse to jump.

  There would be no time to dis-
mount, tear down a panel of the fence,
lead his horse through, and repair the
gap so that the guerrillas’ sharp eyes
would not detect the recent break.

  So on he galloped, hoping for a gate
or a lane farther ahead.

  With a deal of wriggling Dad got
his right arm out of his jacket and
managed to wind the jacket itself
roughly around his left arm, that a
trail of blood-spots on the road’s dust
might not mark his path to his pur-
suers.

  Around another bend swept the gal-
loping roan. And now both forest
and snake-fence stopped abruptly, to
continue a furlong farther on. The
intervening space was filled by a soft,
green lawn dotted with trees, and cut
off from the road by a four-foot stone
wall.

  Far back on the lawn and bowered
by oaks stood a rambling house of
colonial style.

  On its pillared front porch sat the
littlest and daintiest woman imagina-
ble. She was in black and wore a
little, frilled, white apron. Her gray-
ish hair formed a mass of soft curls
around her forehead. On her lap was
a basket of knitting.

  All these details Dad’s eyes saw
without fairly grasping them as he
galloped into view. And his heart
sank.

  He had heard of Southern women’s
splendid loyalty to “ the cause.” This
woman would assuredly tell his pur-
suers that she had seen a man in Yan-
kee uniform ride past. She would add
that he was very palpably wounded.

  Thus would die his last hope that
they might give him extra time by
pausing to beat up the woods for him.
“ DAD.”

35

  Dad was turning away from his
fleeting glance to scan the road ahead
for a lane or other opening, when sud-
denly he shifted his gaze in astonish-
ment back toward the white-columned
portico.

  The little woman had sprung to her
feet with the agility of a child and was
waving her knitting to him in frantic
summons.

  He had traversed fully half the
length of the cleared lawn’s space as
he saw the signal. Acting on light-
ning instinct, he reined in his mount,
wheeled him to one side, and put him
at the wall.

  The roan, with a mighty effort,
cleared the obstacle, came down heav-
ily on all fours on the springy turf of
the lawn, and bounded toward the
house.

  The little lady had run down the
steps and was jumping up and down
in wild excitement in the driveway.

  “Tumble off, quick!” she ordered.
“ Get into the hall there and shut the
door behind you. I’ll tie your horse
in that magnolia copse over yonder.
It’s so thick-grown I guess they’d hunt
a week before suspicioning a critter
was hid there.”

  Dad rolled out of the saddle in
dazed obedience, staggered weakly up
the steps and into a broad hall that
bisected the house from front to rear.
The dim coolness struck him like a
blow. He groped for a horsehair
sofa that he could just distinguish in
the half-light, sank down on it, and
slid helplessly from its slippery seat to
the polished floor—in a dead faint.

  Within a minute he opened his eyes
and broke into a fit of strangled
coughing. A most horrible odor had
gripped his sense of smell.

  Above him knelt the little woman.
In one hand she held a bunch of
feathers torn from a duster; in the
other a still lighted match. A fume
of smoke from the feathers spoke elo-
quently of the odor’s origin.

  “ Nothing like burning a bunch of
feathers under a body’s nose to bring

them out of a fainting fit,” she wag
saying cheerily. “ Don’t look so wild,
man. You’re safe enough. Or you
will be presently. Can you stand up?i
Try.”

  Dad called on all his failing
strength and, helped by the little lady
and a hand on the sofa-arm, reeled t<2
his feet.

  “So!” she approved. “Now, yoii,
just lean on me and on the banisters.'
We’ve got some climbing to do. Your
horse is safe hid. And the men thaij
were chasing you have ridden past.;
But they’ll be back.”

        CHAPTER XII.
        The Little Lady.

^"JRITTING his teeth to keep his will-
power up to the task, Dad began
mounting the spiral stairs that led
from the big hallway to the upper
regions of the house. He leaned
heavily on the mahogany banisters on
one side, and as lightly as possible on
the little lady’s black bombazine shoul-
der upon the other.

  Once or twice dizziness again over-*
came him. But he forced it back.

  They reached the upper hall. Dad
would have stopped, but his inexora-
ble guide urged him on.

  Down the hall they went, and at the
farther end came to a door that she
unlocked and opened. Before them
rose a shorter, narrower, steeper flight
of steps.

  A Herculean struggle brought Dad
to the summit of these. Around him
were dim spaces, vaguely redolent of
old lavender. Somewhere near bees
were sleepily booming and crooning.

  His eyes growing used to the dim
light, he saw that he was in a huge
garret—a garret wherein were strewn
quaint bits of bygone furniture, horse-
hide trunks, ghostly garments in white
muslin wrappings, and broken-down
household goods of every description.

  “ Sit there! ” ordered the little lady,
thrusting him gently into the depths of
36

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

a soft, old armchair whose upholstery
was shamelessly moth-eaten.

   “ Now,” as he gratefully followed
her command, “ just stay there till I
come back.”

; She vanished.

   Dad stared after her in dull wonder.
 His mind was still hazy. He knew
 he had fainted momentarily through
 loss of blood. But he wondered that
 he had since then felt no weaker as
 the minutes had gone on. Gingerly
 he unwound the coat from his injured
 arm and rolled up the sleeve of his
 shirt.

   Then he understood.

   The vein that had been tapped—it
was assuredly no artery nor even one
of the very largest veins—had bled in
crass profusion for a space. Then the
caking of the blood had checked fur-
ther flow.

   Dad was surgeon enough to realize
that that meant there could be little
if any more flow of blood from so
petty a wound.

   He was looking from side to side
in search of something better than a
uniform jacket wherewith to bind the
hurt, when again the little lady stood
before him.

   Tucked under one arm was a black
case, under the other were rolls of
white bandages. In both hands she
bore a basin of hot water in which a
soft sponge bobbed like a floating
island.

  “ There! ” she said soothingly.
“ Just you lean back and rest. I’ll
’tend to the wound.”

   With deft fingers she bathed the
arm, then sponged the bullet-graze
clean of blood. From the black case
she drew a bottle filled with some
pungent liquid. With this liquid she
washed out the wound, then proceed-
ed to bind it skilfully with a roll of the
bandages.

   So slight was the hurt that, but for
the accident of its touching the wrong
vein, it might well have caused so
healthy a man no more annoyance
than would the process of vaccination.

  Yet for once in his life Dad felt no
inclination to belittle a physical mis-
hap.

  He discovered — and wondered
vaguely at the discovery—that it was
marvelously pleasant to lie back like
this and let his strange little hostess
minister to his hurt. Her touch, too,
held for him a strange and soothing
magnetism all its own. Not for
twenty years had a gentlewoman laid
her hand upon him.

  The novelty of it was delightful.
Yet in his heart Dad felt the novelty
was by no means all.

  As she worked, the little lady’s
tongue went as nimbly as her fingers.

  “ Isn’t this what Ehud used to call
’rank good luck ? ” she was saying.
“ This afternoon of all afternoons,
too. Why, three days out of four I’m
as busy as tunket all afternoon. And
here, just to-day, I said to myself: ‘ I
guess I’ll sit on the stoop a spell and
play lady, and do some knitting.’ And
I hadn’t been there three minutes,
hardly, when past you came prancing.

  “ There’s another piece of luck, too.
Only this noon I let all three of the
house servants run over to the Win-
stons’ plantation to a wedding in the
servants’ quarters over there. And I
sent Tom—he’s my gardener, the only
man slave I’ve got left here—over to
see they didn’t stay too late. Any
other day they’d be screeching like a
pack of wildcats at sight of a Yan-
kee.”

  “ But, madam,” expostulated Dad,
finding his voice at last, “ surely you
run a risk, harboring a fugitive Union
soldier. It was selfish in me not to—”

  “Risks?” She caught him up
gaily. “ Sakes! I run risks every
day of my blessed life these times.
When the Confederates aren’t steal-
ing my chickens the Yankees are steal-
ing my pigs. Or both of them in
turns are stealing my cows. It’s a
mercy my teeth are my own, or those
would have gone, too, long ago.”

  “ Still, there must surely be a risk
in hiding me here. You said those
“ DAD.”

37

men would come back. And if they
do—”

  “ If they do,” she finished, “ I’ll
have to ask the recording angel to blot
out some of the fibs I’ll tell them.
Risk? There’s no risk. They aren’t
likely to search the house. Not up-
stairs, anyhow. The servants won’t
know anything, and I don’t believe
any one will search the magnolia
thicket to see if there’s a horse teth-
ered there.

  “ Just you rest easy. There’s no
risk. Either for you or for me.”

  “ I can’t thank you,” he faltered.
“ I haven’t words to. But I think you
know how grateful I am.”

  “ Grateful for what? For not let-
ting you ride on until you ran into
some picket-party down the road?
Nonsense! There’s nothing to be
grateful about.

  “ When I saw you streaking past
my house, wounded, on that fine big
horse of yours, I knew well enough
no Yankee soldier would be choosing
these parts to take a pleasure ride in.
I knew by the way you rode there
must be some one after you. So what
was there to do but ask you in ? ”

  “ I—I thought you Southern ladies
hated all Yankees like poisfrn. I hard-
ly expected—”

  “ Southern ladies ? Me? Dear man,
southern Massachusetts is the farthest
south I was born. Born and bred
there. In South Wilbr’am, ten miles
out of Springfield. Do I talk
Southern ? ”

  “ No. I—that is why I wondered—”
“We came South here, to Virginia,
ten years ago. My husband—he was
Captain Ehud Sessions—captain in the
Mexican War, you know—his health
failed him, and Dr. Ballard said he’d
best go South to live. So we sold out
in Wilbr’am and came down here. We
and our daughter. She’s married now
and living out in New York .City.

  “ A couple of years later Ehud died.
It didn’t seem to do him any good
down here, and all the time he kept
peaking for the Wilbr’am mountains.

After he died I kept on running the
place here. Because it was less lonely
here than it would have been back
home without Ehud.

  “ I’ve been doing it now for eight
years. All alone. Except the servants.
But a body that’s busy hasn’t much
time for pining. So— Have I fast-
ened that bandage too tight? ”

  “ No. It is perfect. You are a
wonderful nurse.”	v

  “ Ehud always said so,” she an-
swered, highly gratified at the praise.
“He knew a lot about doctoring and
nursing. Picked it up in the Mexican
War. And he taught it to me. I’ve
thought sometimes, if this war keeps
up, maybe I’ll close the place here and
run up to Washington and volunteer
as a nurse. They say they’re needed
badly sometimes after battle; and
there aren’t any too many of them.”
“You would put a premium on reck-
lessness. Every man would be trying
to get sick or step in the way of a
bullet.”

  “ Now isn’t that a real pretty
speech! ” she cried, flushing delicately.
“ And a woman fifty years old her
last birthday, too.”

  “ Madam,” said Dad, right gallant-
ly, “ I beg you won’t tax my credulity
by saying you are a day over thirty.”
“ Listen to the man! ” she laughed
happily. “ Yes, sir. I’m fifty years
old last May. According to the record
in my family Bible.”

  " Never before in my life,” returned
Dad, “have I been tempted to doubt
the truth of one word that is written
in the Book of Books. But—”
“Wait!” she said, as though re-
minded of some neglected duty; and
again she vanished.

  This time she was gone for fully
ten minutes; leaving the fugitive to
dream strange, sweet, vague dreams in
the shadows of the quaint garret.

  At last she came back, bearing this
time a tray whereon rested a most de-
lectable little supper.

  Dad had eaten nothing since dawn.
At her behest he fell to with a will.
38

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

And as he ate his strength came slow-
ly back to him. Rest and food were
steadily repairing whatever damage
the temporary loss of blood might
have wrought upon his seasoned con-
stitution.

   “ I took a good look for those guer-
rillas of yours,” she said, as he finished
eating. “ But there’s no sign of them
yet. This road, in the direction you
were going, winds and twists like a
sick adder. They might ride on for
ten miles before they could be sure
you weren’t riding just ahead of them.
And they’d have to search all along
the way back before they get here.”

   “ I must go,” he said, starting up.
“ I’ve lost too much time already.”

  “ If you’re aiming to lose time,”
said she, “ go by all means. But if
you want to get safely to wherever
you were riding, you’ll stand a better
chance after nightfall, and especially
after thosa fellows pass here on their
way back. Otherwise you might run
into them at the gate. There’s much
Jess traveling at night on these roads.
Only the patrols. And they generally
sing to keep from falling asleep in
their saddles. So you’ll probably hear
them in time to get out of their way.
Oh, and I sneaked out and fed and
watered your horse.”

   Inclination for once sided with com-
mon-sense, and Dad sank back again
in the big chair. The thought that
this utterly charming little woman
might be annoyed by a search of her
house on his account sent his hand in-
voluntarily to his pistol holster.

   It was empty.

   With a thrill of dismay the man re-
alized that he must make the rest of
his perilous journey weaponless.

  He remembered thrusting back the
revolver into its holster after his brush
with the guerrillas on the by-road. He
had thrust it back carelessly. And
hard riding had evidently caused it to
slip out of its resting place and tumble,
unnoted by him, to the ground.

   His start of surprise drew the lit-
tle lady’s attention.

   “ What ails you ? ” she asked solicit-
ously. “ Does the wound hurt? ”

  “ I wish it did,” he replied in the
ponderous gallantry which suddenly
had seemed to come so easy to him,

“ so that I might get you to bind it
for me again. But it is something
more important than a petty scratch
on the forearm that bothers me just
now. I’ve somehow lost my pistol. I
have no weapon to protect you in case
those ruffians should try to come in;
and no weapon to protect myself for
the balance of my ride.”

  “ Oh, that’s too bad! ” she sym-
pathized. “ It beats all how careless
a man is about losing weapons. Ehud
was just like that with his razors.

  “ Don’t you worry about protecting
me. I won’t need any protecting. But
if you want something to fight with in
case you should be held up on the
road—why, I’ve got just the very
thing for you. Take good care of it,
though, won’t you ? ”

   She darted across the attic floor and
in among the shadows; returning pres-
ently with a straight-bladed infantry
sword of a somewhat antique make.

  Handling it almost with reverence,
she offered it hilt foremost to Dad.

  “ It wras Ehud’s,” she said gently.
“ He set a lot of store by it. He car-
ried it all through the Mexican War.
I think I told you he was a captain
there. It cost thirty-two dollars and
seventy-five cents, including the letter-
ing. Is the light too dim for you to
see the lettering? It’s on the blade.

“ It says: ' Draw me not without
cause. Sheathe me not without honor/
“ I—I kind of think you’re the kind
of man who can keep that command-
ment. Take the sword.”

CHAPTER XIII.
The Alarm.

QAD received the weapon from her
hands as reverently as she had
tendered it. His fingers closed about
the fretted ivory hilt, and he read in
" DAD/’

39

the fading light the inscription on its1
blue-steel blade.

  Then he handed it back.

  “ A beautiful sword,” he said, a
catch in his voice, “ and one that any
soldier might rejoice to 'wear at his
side. The sword of a brave man, I
am sure. Such a man as would to-
day be striking gallantly for our dear
country if he were still living. I am
honored past words at your gift.
But—I cannot accept it.”

  "What?” she asked, her eyes big
with wondering disappointment.
“ Why not ? I don’t grudge it to you,
a mite. Nor Ehud wouldn’t either.”

  “ You don’t understand,” he ex-
plained, feeling as though he had
brutally rejected the love-offering of a
child. “ I cannot wear this splendid
sword because I am not entitled to.
Such a weapon is worn by none but
commissioned officers. I am only a
sergeant. And a sergeant is not per-
mitted to carry a sword of this kind.
Any more than he is allowed to wear
epaulets.”

  “ But—”

  " I should treasure this gift above
any other I have ever had,” he went
on, “ if the laws of warfare would let
me take it. I shall never forget that
you offered it to me—an utter stranger
«—out of the generous bounty of your
heart. Please don’t think I don’t ap-
preciate it.”

  Reluctantly she restored the sword
to its hook on the raftered ceiling.

  “ Pm sorry,” she said. “If Ehud’s
sword could go on fighting, I’d feel
happier.”

  “If I could carry it to victory,
madam, I’d feel prouder than I can
tell you.”

  “ Well, maybe you’ll be able to wear
a sword at your side some of these
days. If you’re a sergeant now and
if you had the pluck to ride alone into
this nest of hornets— By the way, did
you come alone or were you separated
from your regiment?”

  “ I came alone. I am carrying des-
patches. To General Hooker.”

  “ Fighting Joe, eh? That’s a man
after my own heart. Where is he?”
Dad told her.

  “ Sakes alive!” she ejaculated.
That’s the best part of twenty miles
from here. And all the district just ,
abuzzing with Confeds. You must be
brave! ”

  “No one in our war is brave,” he
corrected. “ Some are cowardly. Some
are foolhardy. But the bulk of us on
both sides of the quarrel just plod
along and do our duty, as I’ve tried
to do mine to-day. It isn’t bravery
It’s duty.”

  “ I’ve an idea,” she suggested, " that
bravery and duty add up to pretty
much the same thing; whether it’s in
storming a fort or selling a yard of
calico. Anyhow, mister—mister—”

  “ Dadd,” he answered glibly.

“ James Dadd.”

  “ Anyhow, Sergeant Dadd,” she
continued, smiling ever so faintly at
the odd name, “ I know men pretty
well. And I believe you’d do your
duty, squarely and honestly, whether
it was in war or in a shop.”

  “ Madam,” said Dad, miserably, “ I
didn’t do my duty 'in either. And, as
for honesty, I have been even more re-
miss. Why, I have just told a lie that
shames me to the soul. I have told
it to the ministering angel who saved
me from death or capture and who has
since played Good Samaritan to me.
The only woman in years who has
shown me her sex’s divine pity.

  “ I have lied to you about my name.

It is not James Dadd. It is, James
Brinton.”

  He dared not look at her, but spoke
rapidly, his eyes downcast, his fingers
foolishly busy with the torn fringe of
the chair in which he sat.

  “I—I call myself James Dadd,” he
blundered on. “ And I suppose I have
a right to. For it doesn’t harm any
one, and it gives me a chance to be in
the army. They wouldn’t take me
under my own name. But, oh, I love
the old name, and it makes me ashamed
every time I have to use the other one.
40

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

Still, I’ve always figured—till now—-
that it’s nobody’s business. But—
somehow I can’t lie to a woman that’s
got eyes like yours.”

  “ Unless I’m very wrong,” she said,
after a little breathless silence, “ you
aren’t given to telling lies to any one
at all, man or woman, Mr.—Brinton.
As for going to the war under another
name, I can’t see anything very terri-
ble in that. I take it you didn’t enlist
with the idea of cheating folks out of
anything? ”

  “No!” he declared, almost fiercely.
“ No! ”

  And again silence fell, there in the
dusty, lavender-scented garret.

  Dusk was pushing the shadows for-
ward from the mysterious corners and
shoving them farther and farther into
the little window-lit space where sat
the man and woman.

  At last Mrs. Sessions said:

“ I s’pose all women are inquisitive.”
“ They must have one drawback to
keep them mortal,” he countered with
a brave attempt at his earlier tone of
gallantry.

  “ But,” she went on impersonally,
“ why a fine, upstanding man like you
should go to war under a silly name
like Dadd, when he’s got such a fine
name as Brinton, certainly does make
me curious. Not,” she added, in
polite haste, “ not that it’s any of my
business—as maybe you were going to
say.”

  “ I was going to say,” he contra-
dicted, “ that any of my affairs are
also your affairs. As far as you honor
me, ma’am, by making them so.”

  “ You say pretty things,” she
laughed in pleased embarrassment. “ I
wonder if a woman ever gets too old
to love to hear them. Pretty speeches
wasn’t Ehud’s way. But he always
liked to hear other men - folk make
them to me. It flattered his judgment,
he used to say.”

  “ I fancy his judgment used to get
flattered tolerably often,” ventured
Dad.

  But she did not hear. Her brows

were puckered, and she was murmur-
ing his name in perplexity.

  “ Brinton,” she mused. “ Brinton.
It’s queer how natural that name seems
to me. Because it isn’t such a com-
mon name either. Wait a second and
I can tell you where I heard it. My
brain’s all full of little scraps of things
I’ve heard and tucked away there. I’m
rummaging there now, like fury.
Presently I’ll find it. Oh, I know! ”
Then she stopped ashamed.

  “ You remember? ” he asked miser-
ably.

  “No,” she denied. “That is. I
can’t remember but one man of that
name. Ehud told me about him. Long
ago. And it made an impression on
me at the time.”

  “ Tell me about him,” urged Dad.

  “ Oh, ’tisn’t a nice story. Besides
there’s just a bare chance that maybe
he was some kin of yours—the name
being so uncommon—and I’d hate to
hurt your feelings.”

  “ Go ahead! ’’ he begged, in the
same perverse spirit that had prompted
him, since this turn of the conversa-
tion, to pursue it toward the bitter end.
“ There are many Brintons. I—I 'be-
lieve a man named Brinton was down
in Mexico during the war there. Per-
haps that’s where Captain Sessions
heard the name ? ”

  “ That was the place and that was
the man,” she said. “ Ehud was in
General Scott’s army, you know. A
captain of infantry. His regiment
was on duty one day at a celebration
—for some victory or other—and up
rides this Brinton man disgustingly
drunk and spoils the whole celebration.

  “ He insulted General Scott some-
thing terrible. Ehud said. Then he
fell off his horse asleep, and they
lugged him to the guard-house; and
that’s the last Ehud was ever able to
find out about him. They never court-
martialed the man or anything. Ehud
said he guessed Brinton escaped in the
night; the wicked old sot! What’s
the matter, sir? Is the wound hurt-
ing you so bad? ”
“ DAD.”

41

  “ Yes! ” panted Dad. “ But not the
silly scratch on my ann. It is a
thousand times deeper.”

  “ And you never told me! ” she cried
in genuine alarm. “ Here I've been
chatting so selfishly with you and
never doing a thing to help you! Wait
till I fetch you some brandy.”

  “ I—I don’t need it, thank you,” he
replied, “ and I never touch it any
more. I’ve sworn I never will. The
wound I spoke of is on my soul ; not
my body. I—”

  “ I thought all army men drank
once in a while. Shall I get—”

  “ No, thank you. I’m all right
again. I don’t know that the majority
of army men drink. Though a drink
is a consoler after a long day’s march,
and it helps drown the memory of the
comrade who was shot to pieces at
one’s side. But it is a consolation
that’s not for me. It consoled me too
often—till nothing else worth while
would trouble to console me.

  “ Mrs. Sessions, you have been very
good to- me. I haven’t the words to
tell you how good; and—

  “ And because of that, as well as
because no man could lie to eyes like
yours, I wanted to tell you something.
Something that may make you sorry
you’ve done so much for a worthless
old derelict. Something that will sure-
ly make you ashamed that you honored
him with the offer of your husband’s
sword. I—I am the James Brinton
whose story Captain Sessions told
you.”

  “Land’s sake! You never are!”

  “ And the reason he heard no more
of me was because I was dismissed
from the service I had degraded, and
was secretly kicked out of the army.
And because I was forever kicked out
of it, I had to sneak back into the
service under a false name.”

  “ Is that all? ” she asked, quietly.

  “ That is all—except to say good-by
and get out of the house where I’ve
let myself be entertained under false
pretenses.”

  He rose as he spoke; sick at heart.

and all at once feeling very, very old
and wretched.

  He realized with a queer pang that
the last hour had somehow been the
happiest he had ever known. And by
contrast the future seemed to stretch
away before him dreary and barren as
a rainy sea.

  Dad took an uncertain step toward
the head of the attic stairs. A small
and determined figure barred his way.

  “ Go back! ” came the imperious
command. “ Go right back where you
were, and sit down there. You may
have said all you’ve got to say. But 7
haven’t, by a long shot.”

  Dully' he obeyed her. His flesh
shrank from the thought of listening
to the merited tongue-lashing that he
felt was his due. Yet, like a scared
schoolboy, he recognized and meekly
obeyed the note of authority in his
hostess’s voice.

  “ Now, then! ” she said, planting
herself squarely in front of him.
“ Aren’t you ashamed. Sergeant James
Brinton? Aren’t you ashamedf Toll-
ing me on like that to say scand’lous
things about a poor man whose story
I only half-knew. Oh, I’m cruel,
shrewish old woman to go on like I
did about Brinton—about you.

  “ Who am I to sit in judgment on
a poor, weak man whose love for drink
overcomes him sometimes? Why,
I’m just every mite as bad myself.
Without my morning cup of tea, I’m
no good at all. I lean on it as men
lean on whisky.”

  “ But, madam—” he stammered.

  “ I want to tell you how sorry I am
for talking like that,” she rushed on
unheeding. “ And to tell you that no
man who looks and talks the way you
do was ever a sot or a scoundrel.
Weak, maybe. Yes, we all are. But
never bad.”

  “Would—would you let me tell
you?” he faltered, gripped by a sud-
den, overwhelming impulse to make
this wonderful little woman his mother
confessor—to tell her what he had
never clearly told himself.
42

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

  She nodded eager, kindly assent.

  In a voice at first incoherent, almost
broken, but that soon steadied into
narrative force, Dad told the whole
pitiful tale.

  He did not strive for effect. He
spared no needful detail. He spoke as
though of a third person; calmly, im-
partially.

  When the story of his Mexican
disgrace was done, he went on to tell
her of his homecoming, his futile life
for the past fourteen years, his con-
tinued degradation, the sordid sur-
roundings, the unworthy hopelessness
of it all.

  Only when he spoke of Jimmie did
an unconscious softness and a thrill of
pride come into the deep voice.

  He told of his son’s departure for
the front, the bedside talk with Jimmie
in the moonlight, the escape from
Ideala, the kneeling vigil on the hill-
top where he had forever shaken off
his dead self. Of his later army
achievements he said little.

  It was twilight now, all over the
battle world. The long twilight of
early summer. And in the attic dark-
ness left the faces of the man and
woman visible only as dim white rifts
in the gloom.

  Presently Dad’s deep voice ceased.
There was a hush; through which the
far-off throb of a complaining whip-
poorwill, from far down in the bottom-
lands, by the river, came to their ears.

  Mrs. Sessions had drawn insensibly
closer to the speaker as the story
progressed. But she had not once in-
terrupted. Nor, now that the tale was
done, did she speak.

  “ Now you know it all,” he said,
breaking the long silence. “ And I
suppose you’re as disgusted with me
as I am with myself. As General
Scott was when I—”

  He caught his breath with a gasp.
Something in falling had touched the
back of his outflung hand. Something
tiny, and stingingly hot—a tear!

  “ Mrs. Sessions! ” he exclaimed in
wonder.

  “ I—I’m not given to blubbering,”
she answered, choking back her sobs.
“ I didn’t know I was doing it. Oh,
you poor, poor dear! ”

  “ You don’t despise me, after all
I’ve told you about—”

  “Despise you?” she echoed, almost
shrilly. “ Despise you ? Listen to me,
sergeant! Any man can strut around,
pompous like, on the top of the moun-
tain if he was born up there or boosted
up there. But the man who can climb
there—as you’ve done—who can climb
there out of the mire and muck that
he’s been shoved down into; that man’s
a—a man! And the mud on his gar-
ments comes pretty close to looking
like royal ermine.

  “ I’m talking like a schoolgirl that
reads novels. But it’s all true. Ser-
geant Brinton, I’d like to shake you
by the hand, please. I wish Ehud was
here to do it, too! ”

  Dad, even as he groped for and
found the warm and slender little
hand in the darkness, could not bring
himself to give mental indorsement to
the last half of her wish. He was
quite satisfied that the late Captain
Ehud should remain in Paradise, in-
stead of invading his earthly home’s
attic just then.

  The two hands met in a clasp that
each sought to make frank and hearty.
But hands are less docile than faces
in masking their hearts’ mandates.
And the fingers that met so formally
forgot somehow to unclasp. Dad
found the little woman’s hand nestling
quite comfortably and contentedly in
the big grip of his own. And if she
struggled to withdraw it, the struggle
was so very faint as to escape the
notice of either of them.

  Dad had risen to his feet. Through
the gloom he was looking down at the
half-seen figure whose hand he held.
And something long, long dead was
stirring strangely in his heart and his
soul.

  Very reverently he lifted the little
hand and laid it against his lips; hold-
ing it there a moment while the tender
“ DAD.”

43

sweetness of the contact mounted like
music to his brain. Reluctantly he un-
clasped his fingers from about their
precious burden. And for a space he
and his hostess stood staring wide-
eyed into each other’s half-invisible
faces.

 Then—

  “If my daughter could see me
now,” said Mrs. Sessions, a little break
in the laugh she forced to her lips,
“ she'd say I was an old fool.”

  “ If my son could see me now,” an-
swered Dad, “ he’d say I was not only
an old fool but an old scoundrel as
well. But Jimmie wouldn’t. Jimmie
would understand. Jimmie always
understands. Oh, you must meet
Jimmie! ”

  “ I’d love to. I’d love to be just
like a mother to the boy who’s done
so much for—”

  “If you don’t mind,” ventured Dad
bashfully, “ I’d a lot rather you’d be
just like a—a grandmother to him.”
Then in the dark there—very simply,
like two little children, they kissed.

  And on the instant, the quaint old-
world stillness of the attic was split
by the noise of many pounding hoof-
beats.

CHAPTER XIV.

Dad the Paladin.

'J'HE ground-shell of the driveway
below resounded thickly to the
thudding of hard-ridden horses. Then,
with a multifold shuffle, the hoofs
came to a standstill.

  There were heavy steps on the
porch. A hammering broke out, as
of gun-butt or sword hilt against the
front door panels. And a voice shout-
ed “ Let us in! ”

  “ Sakes! ” whispered Mrs. Sessions.
“ I’d clean forgot! There must be a
hundred of ’em from the sound.”

  “ No,” corrected Dad, his practised
ear having enumerated the hoof-beats.
“ Not more than four or five. I should
say. Probably the men who chased

me this morning. They've come back,
as you said, and—”

  She was gone, slipping down the
stairs in swift noiselessness, closing
the attic stairway door behind her.

  Pausing only long enough to light
a sconce of candles on the table in the
wide hallway, Mrs. Sessions sped to
the front door, whence the clamor had
risen to a deafening pitch.

  Unbarring the door she flung it
open, and stood on the threshold, a
tiny spirit of wrath.

  “ What do you folks mean ? ” she
demanded hotly. “ What do you folks
mean by banging all the varnish off
my door panels like that? Couldn’t
you use the brass knocker? What do
you want, anyway; disturbing an old
woman, like this ? ”

  Four guerrillas gave back for an in-
stant—if only for a bare instant—be-
fore her indignant outburst. Then one
of them laughed.

  The spell was broken. Pushing past
her, the quartet trooped into the hall.

  At a glance, Mrs. Sessions could see
they were tired, cross, and—apparent-
ly—more or less drunk. They had
evidently moistened more than once
the dry tedium of their afternoon’s
search.

  “ You’re old Yankee Sessions’s wid-
der, I reckon,” said one of the four.

  “ Yes,” she snapped, “ I am. But
I’ve lived hereabouts for ten years
without ever before hearing rude
language from any Southern man. No
regular Confederate soldier would
speak to a woman that way, either, or
burst into her house without a * by-
your-leave.’ It’s you guerrillas that
are the. pest of both armies. But you
aren’t going to be the pest of my
house. Out you go, all of you! ”
“You spitfire!” hiccoughed the
camp follower. “ I wish there was
still a ducking-stool for scolds. Keep
a civil tongue in your head or we’ll
find a way to revive the ducking.”

  “ What do you want here ? ”

  “ We’re looking for a runaway
Yank. Seen him go past?”
44

ALL-STORY CAVALIER [WEEKLY.

  “ Why didn’t you say so first, in-
stead of cluttering up my clean hall
with mud and kicking the polish off
my door. Yes,” she added with per-
fect truth, “ I saw a Yankee. He was
riding lickety-split along the road
there.”

  “How long ago?”

  “ I don’t know. Quite a while back.
He seemed to be wounded.”

  The four moved excitedly toward
the door.

  “ I said so! ” cried one of the men.
“ Just what I told you. He sneaked
into the. woods somewhere, and we
rode past him. Then he doubled
back.”

  “Wounded, hey?” said another.
“ My shots don’t miss. I knew I.
winged him. If we can get another
mile or two of speed out of those nags,
we may overhaul him yet.”

  Three of the men were at the door.
The fourth, following, paused to light
a cheroot by one of the candles on the
table.

  As he was starting on after the
others, he came to a sudden stop. His
exclamation brought the three bush-
whackers back into the hall. The man
pointed melodramatically at a little
pool of drying blood on the polished
hardwood floor in the full glare of the
candlelight. Beside the pool lay a
Federal infantry cap.

  There was no need for words. The
story told itself. The four men with
one accord turned on Mrs. Sessions.

  She had, as though by sheer chance,
taken up a position at the stair foot.
And there she stood: magnificently
futile and as futilely magnificent as a
sparrow that bars a prowling tomcat’s
way to her nest.

  “Well,” she demanded shrilly,
“ what are you going to do about it? ”
“ Do? ” laughed the drunkest of the
four. “ Root him out, of course. And
you’re li’bJe to keep your hair tidier
if you’ll take us straight off to where
you’ve hid him.”

  “ I’ve told you twice to get out of
here,” she replied, not a faintest trace

of fear in her authoritative voice.

“ And now I tell—”

  “ Yes,” growled the man, suddenly
turning savage at her words, “ and
your husband, old Yankee Sessions,
told me to get out of his house once,
a few years back. I was just out of
pen, and I was hungry. I stopped here
and told his black butler to rustle me
some grub and a little spending-money,
or I’d cave his woolly head in. That’s
the way to speak to niggers. And
he—”

  “ That’s the way nobody but ‘ poor
white trash ’ ever speaks to them, down
here,” contradicted Mrs. Sessions. “ I
remember the time. Ehud was sick
abed with quinzy and—”

  “ And just as I’d got that nigger so.
scared that he’d do anything I told
him,” snarled the bushwhacker, drink
and a sour memory combining to en-
rage him, “ down them stairs rushes
old Yankee Sessions, half dressed, and
wavin’ a sword in his hand. And he
kicked me—yes, kicked me—out of his
house, the dirty Yank. I reckon here’s
where I square accounts With his long-
tongued widder.”

  He lurched to the stair-foot and
caught Mrs. Sessions roughly by the
shoulder. .

  “ Show7 us where you’ve hid the
blue-backed cur! ” he ordered. “ Or
we’ll—”

  He got no further.

  At his brutal touch Mrs. Sessions
had involuntarily cried out. A cry of
stark indignation, not of terror.

  And in the midst of the guerrilla’s
surly threat she saw the unshaven
mouth grow speechless and slack; the
drink-bleared eyes widen in crass
horror.

  The unwashed paw fell inert from
her shoulder. The man reeled back a
step as though struck across the face.
He was staring stupidly at the stair-
way. And his fellows had followed the
direction of his gaze.

  All this in the fraction of a second;
even as Mrs. Sessions turned to note
the cause of the strange panic.
“ DAD.”

45

  Out of the darkness of the upper
landing had sprung a terrible figure.
For an instant, as it gathered itself to
bound down the broad and shallow
flight of stairs, it was vaguely and
weirdly outlined by the uncertain
candlelight below.

  A man, towering, fierce; coatless and
without waistcoat. His face was white
and distorted with wrath. His eyes
blazed in the half-light like living coals.
His gray hair was abristle.

  Above his head flashed a sword-
blade.

  “Yankee Sessions!” croaked the
drunken guerrilla, in babbling fear.
“ Yankee Sessions’s ghost! Just as he
came at me that day when—”

  The man at the stair-head cleared
the intervening steps in three bounds.
With a berserk yell he was among the
guerrillas, his swirling sword giving
forth a million sparks of reflection
from the candle-glow.

  There was a moment of wild tur-
moil; of clashing, of yells, of madly
stamping feet.

  Mrs. Sessions, leaning weakly
against the newel-post of the banisters,
saw an indistinguishable mass of
figures, whirling, jostling, screaming;
while once and again above the ruck
flashed the sword-blade like a tongue
of silver flame.

  A cleverly aimed sweep of the blade
as the knot of men swayed bodily to-
ward the table, and both candle
sconces were knocked violently to the
floor.

  The sudden darkness was too much
for the guerrillas’ drink-shaken nerves.
Still in strong doubt as to whether the
hero who had attacked them were
ghost or human, they had made shift
momentarily to hold their ground.

  But to cope in the dark with a pos-
sible wraith — a homicidal wraith at
that — was more than they had bar-
gained for.

  Panic — mad and unreasoning —
possessed them. Behind, an oblong of
lesser gloom through the blackness
showed the location of the door.

  And through the door they surged
pell-mell.

  Down the steps they rushed and
flung themselves upon their waiting
horses. Out of the grounds they gal-
loped and down the road.

  A hundred yards farther on they
drew rein as by common consent.
But before they could bring their
mounts to a halt the clatter of hoofs
behind them sent their scared gaze
backward.

  By the pale starlight they could
just distinguish their half-clad foe—
enormous and ghostly in the dim light
— astride a monster horse, bearing
down on them at the speed of an ex-
press-train. The sword still gleamed
above his head.

  There was no pause; there was no
consultation; there was no impulse to
investigate.

  Swayed by a single purpose, the
four guerrillas urged their tired
horses to a run. Down the road they
streamed, their ghostly foe in close
pursuit.

  Presently —• or, as it seemed to
them, after a thousand' years of ter-
ror-flight — the foremost of them
reached the by-road. And, with the
instinct of a burrow-seeking rabbit,
he wheeled his horse into it. His three
comrades followed his example.

  They had ridden for perhaps a mile
when the rearmost of them paused to
make certain of what he had begun
to hope, that their terrible ghost-foe
had ceased his pursuit.

  One by one the guerrillas drew in
their exhausted horses. No hoof-
beats or any other sound came to
them on the summer night’s still air.

  Shamefacedly the men looked at
one another. Then, without a word,
they set off at a walk for their camp,
five miles away.

  Dawn was breaking as Dad rode
into a tent - street and up its long,
straight course. At his side was a
Union cavalry captain whom he had
encountered when the first sentry and
46

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

corporal of the guard at Hooker’s
outposts had halted him.

  On a little rise of ground, from
which the streets of tents fell away on
every side, was a farmhouse, com-
mandeered by Major-General Hooker
as temporary headquarters. And into
a front room, five minutes after his ar-
rival, Dad was conducted.

  General Hooker was picturesquely
clad in a mere fraction of his uniform
and was gulping down large mouth-
fuls of very black and very hot coffee
from a tin dipper. In his other hand
was a slice of unbuttered bread.

  “ Sergeant James Dadd, of the
Blankth Ohio Infantry,” announced
Dad, saluting, “ with despatches from

Brigadier-General--”

  He paused in consternation midway
in his formal announcement.

  To his amaze, General Hooker set
down his portable breakfast on a win-
dow-sill, gaped in wonder for an in-
stant at the courier, then burst into a!
fit of unextinguishable laughter.

  “ The despatches, sir,” volunteered
Dad, “ are of the utmost importance,

so I was told by General-”

  “ Importance! ” gasped Hooker,
weak with laughter. “ Oh, man! Im-
portance ? Do you mean to say he
didn’t tell you? Didn’t you even
guess? ”

CHAPTER XV.

Fighting Joe.

“ UESS ? ” echoed Dad, returning
the general’s amused gaze with
an expression upon his own face of
gross perplexity. “ I—I don’t under-
stand, sir.”

  General Hooker seemed to realize
that his habitual, easy informality to-
ward his subordinates — for which
they adored him and whereon none
had been known to presume — had
gone well-nigh beyond bounds.

  For he checked his laughter and,
with a touch of authority in his big
voice, said:

  “ Make your report.”

  Briefly Dad outlined the orders
given him by his brigade commander,
the adventures he had undergone on
the previous day, and the clever
scout work and hard riding which had
marked the night stage of his journey.

  Hooker listened with real interest;
his eyes, under half-closed lids, nar-
rowly reading the speaker’s features.
Yet when the short recital was finished
the mirth sprang back unbidden into
the general’s tanned face.

  “ Sergeant Dadd,” he asked whim-
sically, “ do you ever think ? ”

  The odd question, tenfold more
strange coming from a general officer
to an enlisted man, deepened Dad’s
bewilderment.

  “ Think ? ” he repeated.

  “Yes. Or do you prefer to be the
supposedly model soldier who works
like a machine and who leaves to his
superior officers the task of think-
ing? ”

  “ When thinking can help,” an-
swered Dad, “ I suppose I do my
share of it. But I don’t let it inter-
fere with the orders given me.”

  “ Did you happen to think when
you were told to ride across nearly
forty miles of hostile country with
these despatches for me ? ” insisted
the general, the same quizzical look in
his half-shut eyes.

  “ Frankly, sir,” returned Dad, “ I
did. I remember that I thought—”
“Well?” urged Hooker impatient-
ly. “Out with it, man! If it wasn’t
complimentary to any one in particu-
lar don’t be afraid to say so.”

  “ I thought, sir,” answered Dad,
“ that if those documents weren’t all-
important it was strange that a man’s
life or freedom should be risked in
delivering them. And I thought if
they rvere all-important there must be
some safer and surer way of getting
them to you than by sending that
same man through a region where
there was barely one chance in a dozen
*—in a score—of his being successful
in reaching you.”
“ DAD.”

47

  Hooker nodded approval.

  “ Good! ” he vouchsafed. “ And,
Wondering that, you still did all in
your power to win through safely? ”

  “ I had orders, sir.”

  “ And you set out to obey them ?
Well, sergeant, you did not obey
them.”

  “ The envelope—” began Dad.

  “ Is here. With its contents undis-
turbed. But it doesn’t belong here.
By this time it ought to be in Jack-
son’s hands. Perhaps even in Lee’s.
You still do not understand? ”

  Dad essayed to speak; then hesi-
tated.

  “ You set down your general for
a fool,” insisted Hooker. “ Don’t
deny it, man. Well, he isn’t one. He
hit on a wise scheme. The scheme he
proposed to me last week and which
had my endorsement. These papers
were carefully made out—lists, maps,
directions, and all. For the exclusive
benefit of—Jackson and Lee.

  “ Do some more thinking for a mo-
ment and then see if you can’t guess
the riddle.”

  Dad had forestalled the command.
Already his brain was hot on a trail
of conjecture. He recalled what his
general had said of the chances
against the mission’s success, and of
the unaccustomed care that same gen-
eral had taken in warning him to lose
liberty rather than life should danger
threaten.

  He fell to rehearsing what General
Hooker had first said. And, bit by
bit, the truth came to him.

  “You begin to understand?” asked
General Hooker, reading his every ex-
pression.

  “ I hope, sir.” returned Dad stiffly,
his color rising, “ that I am mistaken
in supposing that my commanding
officer sent me into the enemy's coun-
try. expecting me to’ be captured. He
said the chances against my reaching
you were ten to one, and even worse.
But—”

  “ Ten to one ? ” mocked Hooker.
“ A hundred to one—that’s how much

worse—a thousand to one. Humanly
speaking, there was no chance that a
Federal courier—least of all a mount-
ed courier—could get through. For
forty miles the whole country is alive
with Confederates. A trained spy
might have hoped to do it; yes. In
disguise and on foot and with three
days to make the trip. But a mounted
man in uniform, with instructions to
hurry—there was no chance. Such a
man could not possibly have avoided
capture. Yet you did.”

   “ The despatches, then, that I have
just now handed you—”

  “ The despatches you just handed
me are no longer worth the paper
they’re scrawled on. Yet, in the Con-
federates’ hands, they would have
been worth their weight in gold—no,
diamonds—to us.”

  “ Then—”

  “ They were very carefully pre-
pared — for the enemy. They are
crammed with vital and categorical
misinformation of the most interest-
ing kind as to our movements, our
numbers, our disposition. It is an old
trick. But the papers were so care-
fully prepared that, carried by a pal-
pably honest man—”

   “ I see, sir,” broke in Dad, a wave
•of honest hot wrath driving all
thought of discipline momentarily
from his brain. “ And I was the dupe.
The honest fool who would make a
blundering effort to get through to
you and would honestly and vehe-
mently resist capture; so that on my
dead or captured body the false in-
formation would be found. I catch
the idea.”

   “ A soldier’s duty,” began Hooker,
“ is to—”

  “ Is to obey orders. And in a war
like this most soldiers enlisted pre-
pared to throw away their lives
blithely for their endangered country.

  “ I am no exception. If my com-
manding officer had told me what I
was expected. to do those documents
would be in General Jackson’s camp
now, and I would be on my way to the
48

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

hell of a Southern war-prison. I am
not indignant at being used in this
way for the good of my country, nor
even at being used as a catspaw. But
I am indignant at failing to serve the
cause through my very effort to suc-
ceed in doing it.

  “ If I have spoken too freely I ask
your pardon, sir. But, if I may sug-
gest it, it would be better another time.
to tell me frankly what I am supposed
to do, or else to choose some less
zealous man as dupe.”

  Hooker, no whit offended by his
subordinate’s unusual language, lis-
tened patiently to the close of the
angered outburst.

  “What is that for?” he asked as
Dad paused for breath.

  And as he asked he pointed toward
the courier’s Jeft hip. Dad glanced
down, following the directions of the
inquiring gesture.

  Thrust through his 1>elt was the
naked sword Mrs. Sessions had given
him. Vaguely he remembered placing
it there for safe keeping and to have
it out of his way, as he had ridden on
after the four fleeing guerrillas who
had galloped up the byway. In the
night’s perils and need for eternal
watchfulness he had forgotten it.

  Now, blushing like a schoolboy—■
his keen soldier-sense horrified by so
glaring an error in his equipment—
more chagrined at the unpardonable
lapse than had he been caught going
barefoot to a Presidential review—
shame swallowed his former resent-
ment.

  “ I—I apologize, sir,” he said con-
tritely, “ for appearing in your pres-
ence wearing a commissioned officer’s
sword.”

  “ Where did you happen on it? ”

  “ I lost my revolver. The sword
was—was' given me for self-defense
at a house where I hid when guerrillas
were after me. I used it in getting
away again; then stuck it in my belt
in case I should be attacked in close
quarters at some time during the
night.”

  “ You need not apologize to me or
to any one,” said Hooker slowly,
“ from this time on, for wearing a
commissioned officer’s sword. Your
commission as first lieutenant of in-
fantry will be signed by President
Lincoln as soon as my next courier
goes to him. In the mean time you
are an acting-lieutenant.

  “ Keep the sword. I wish all newly
commissioned officers had as good a
right to one as you have just shown
yourself to possess.”

  Dad’s head swam. He tried to
stammer out halting phrases of grati-
tude. Hooker cut him short with an-
other brusk laugh.

  “If we played a trick and you were
chosen as the catspaw,” said he,
“ you’ll at least bear witness that I
know how to reward a catspaw whose
claws are as alert as yours. Go across
to the staff mess and get some break-
fast. Then take a few hours of sleep.
jYou look as if you could make use
of it.”

  Dad saluted with the sword he had
drawn and turned to go. Hooker
recalled him as he reached the thresh-
old of the tent door.

  “ Lieutenant Dadd,” he said in-
quisitively, “ do you chance to have
been at the Point ? ”

  “No, sir. I am not a West Point
man.”

  “ Were you ever an officer in the
army ? ”

  “ You will not find the name,
‘James Dadd,’ on any army list, I
am afraid, sir,” answered the new-
made lieutenant, shaking inwardly
with fear of exposure.

  “ H’m! ” mused Hooker. “ Proba-
bly not. Probably not. It’s no affair
of mine or of any one’s. But don’t
deny it too strenuously to other people
who may ask you—or, rather, if you
don’t want them to ask you, don’t
draw a sword and salute with it as if
you had handled such weapons for
years.

  “ Infantry privates do not carry
swords. And when they are first pro-
“ PAD.”

49

moted, they don’t handle them as you
do. That is all. Good-by, Lieutenant
—Dadd.”

      CHAPTER XVI.
      The Chickahominy.

JX BOGGY, tree-strewn stretch o£
lowlands where whitish mists
hung thick at dawn and whence mi-
asma vapors rose under the broiling
sun of midday.

  A delightful place for duck and
quail shooting in midwinter. In sum-,
mer a rank plague spot—and incident-
ally, on this particular summer of
1862, the camping ground of the army
of the Potomac. The malarial region
whose name, even to-day, sends a
shudder along the bent spine of many
an oldster.

  Chickahominy Swamp.

  For months Major-General McClel-
lan, commander of the army of the
Potomac, had pursued his fated penin-
sula campaign. Along the peninsula
in early spring he had marched his
mighty army to the speedy capture of
Richmond.

  Battles were lost; battles were won.
Chances were lost; chances were blind-
ly thrown away.

  More than once the spires of Rich-
mond were in plain view to the grim,
tired men of the ranks. On one occa-
sion, had they been allowed to press
their advantage, they could have
charged into the Confederate capital’s
streets at the heels of a lesser body of
foes who were in headlong flight.

  But that one golden chance had
been lost through official hesitation;
and it could never come again.

  For Lee and Jackson, by massing
their scattered forces, rendered the city
impregnable. Whenever fresh danger
seemed to threaten Richmond, Lee
made a demonstration toward Wash-
ington, which caused a rushing of
Federal regiments to repel the sup-
posed danger and rendered a mass at-
tack on Richmond out of the question.

    4	A-g C

  So, through a terrible summer of
non-achievement, the once redoubtable
army of the Potomac lay for the most
part in Chickahominy Swamp. Lay
there and rotted.

  Pestilence did not “ stalk ” through
the camps. It swept through them like
the lightning breath of the death-angel.

  To one man who died in battle four
died of disease. A locality that even
the heat-hardened Virginians were
wont to shun in summer, Chickahominy
Swamp exacted horrible toll of lives
from the Northern invaders.

  Thus rested, wearily inactive, the
army that was the hope and pride of
the Union. And at every turn Lee and
Jackson outgeneraled its leaders; the
Confederate force opposing to the ill-
led Northerners’ greater bulk a speed
and deftness that paralyzed its bulkier
foe.

  So that at last the North, which had
so excitedly shouted “ On to Rich-,
mond! ” beheld in growing amaze the
reverses of its bravest sons, and clam-
ored vainly for a change. From Wash-
ington, too, came first protests, then
rebukes, then an imperative command
that the peninsula campaign be brought
to an end and the army of the Potomac
remove from the Chickahominy pest-
hole.

  Back from the swamp and to less
fatal ground, farther away from the
lost goal of its ambition, the huge army
was withdrawn, the Confederates
working havoc upon their retreating
foes.

  It was in one of these flank attacks—
a mere flea-bite for the main body of
the army, but as vital as Gettysburg it-
self to the army corps directly con-
cerned in it—that Lieutenant James
Dadd won his captaincy for gallant
conduct in the face of the enemy.

  A week later the demi-corps to which
his regiment was attached chanced to
be far to the left of the massed army
on special detail, and was returning to
headquarters.

The regiments, marching in close
formation, .were ascending the long,
50

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

gradual slope of an almost inter-
minable hill when their videttes ap-
peared over the summit, riding back
like mad, while at almost the same mo-
ment from a wood to their left, and
slightly to their rear, broke out an ir-
regular line of white smoke.

  A masked battery in the forest, sup-
ported by several regiments of Confed-
erate riflemen, had opened fire on them.

  Before the nearest Federal ranks
could wheel to repel the attack the fly-
ing videttes from in front reported a
large body of Confederates who had
somehow gotten between the detach-
ment and the main army, and were ap-
proaching at the “ double ” from the
far side of the hill up which the line of
march led.

  Even the Federal corps commander
—a political appointee with three
months’ actual military experience—
saw the gravity of the position. Cut
off from in front and attacked on the
left flank, they might well be captured
as had been more than one equally
large body of Federals during the ca-
lamitous year.

  And on realizing that fact the newly
appointed corps commander, who was
still weak in nerve and body from a
touch of swamp-fever, proceeded to
lose his head.

  Regardless of the presumably great-
er danger that was approaching from
behind the far-off hilltop to the front,
he noted only the more palpable peril
in that booming cannonade and rifle-
fire from the woods to the left. Being
only a temporary fool and not a cow-
ard, he stuttered to his aids a series of
orders that sent fully half his atten-
uated corps swinging leftward in close-
formation attack on the forest.

  Fully twelve hundred yards of open
country lay between the wood-edge and
the Federal line.

  To charge a seen foe is one thing;
to attack an invisible enemy who is en-
sconced in unknown numbers behind a
screen of leaves is quite another. x\nd
this the advancing line promptly real-
ized.

  The order to charge was given.
Across the field of fresh-cut rye-stubble
started the Federals.

  (A charge, in a picture-book, is an
inspiring sight. In real life it consists
of various blocks and lines and other
formations of uniformed pawns mov-
ing awkwardly and with exasperating
slowness, all in one direction, athwart
the vast checker-board. A retreat is
far more picturesque and less geomet-
rical.)

  Advancing by order, in close aline-
ment, the blue-clad men offered a mark
not to be missed. A near-sighted child
in the thick wood-fringe could scarce
have failed to wreak vengeance in their
ranks.

  The whole edge of the forest was
white now with belching smoke from
which spat jets of yellow and red fire.
Solid shot, grape and rifle-fire tore
grotesque gaps in the oncoming ranks.

  With no opportunity to avenge their
losses or even to see their slayers, the
Federals plunged onward.

  First at the double they moved, their
officers trotting, sword in hand, at the
side of the companies, barking sharp
commands and closing as well as might
be each new and ugly rent in the lines.
Then the orderly, rhythmic run grew
shambling.

  One man in a regiment’s front rank
wheeled and tried to bolt back—any-
where out of reach of the whizzing,
crashing, viewless death that was stri-
king down his companions at every
step.

  A lieutenant struck the coward
across the face with the flat of his
sword and howled curses at him, stri-
ving to beat him back to his duty.

  But by this time another man, and
yet other men, had followed the panic
example. Here and there, from the
.chokingly tight front rank, men had
begun to drop out, or to plunge back
into the line just behind them, throw-
ing out of gear the exactness of com-
pany formations, infecting hundreds
with their terror.

  It was no longer possible for officers
“ PAD.”

51

to check individual cases of fear.
Their whole attention was taken up in
keeping the bulk of their men in line
and in keeping them advancing.

  The dead strewed the stubble ground
in windrows. The fire-streaked smoke
rolled out in a blinding, acrid wave from
the nearing fringe of trees.

  And at every yard of distance gained
the Confederate volleys waxed more
and more accurate, the piles of dead
higher and thicker.

  Unscathed, the woods’ defenders
were killing by wholesale. And a corps
commander’s folly was paid for in the
lives of hundreds of better, wiser,
braver men than himself.

  A riderless horse, his back broken
by a grapeshot, crawled along the space
between the Federals and the woods,
dragging his hind legs behind him and
screaming hideously above the near-by
din.

  A major, sword in hand, running ten
yards in advance of his regiment and
hallooing to them to come on, stopped
abruptly, his brown face turning sud-
denly to a mask of blood, and fell
where he stood.

  He was major in Dad’s regiment.

  And Dad himself, as the men wa-
vered on seeing their loved officer fall,
leaped forward, sword aloft, to take
the dead man’s place ahead of the line.

  His lean body tense, his mild eyes
aflame, the sword of old Ehud Sessions
whirling in wild encouragement above
his bared head, Captain James Dadd
charged onward, yelling to his men to
follow. And not only his own com-
pany, but the whole regiment, obeyed
that call.

  For another fifty yards the Federal
line—now irregular as a snake-fence—•
plunged forward; Dad’s regiment, the
Blankth Ohio Infantry, forming its
foremost point.

  But flesh and blood could not stand
the increasingly galling fire from the
forest. Mortal nerves were not proof
against the horrible strain of advancing
to be struck down by the invisible, with
no chance to strike a single return blow*'

  To have halted, if only once, and to
have fired a chance volley, even in-
effective, or its effect unseen, into the
trees and underbrush whence poured
that hail of death, would have been in-
finite relief.

  But the officers had had their orders
from the chattering corps commander.
And those orders were to advance at
the double and to continue to advance
until the Federal line should come to
grips with the foe.

  Despite the frenzied exertions of
their officers, the men began to lag.
The trot slacked to a walk. The walk
to an almost general and very waver-
ing halt.

  Dad, hoarse and exhausted, knew
that the next move would be a cave-in
of the demoralized line, then a retreat
that would change to panic flight and
a universal hurling away of rifles and
knapsacks. Moreover, that soldiers
Who once allowed themselves to flee in
that fashion would never again be the
same men.

  Their usefulness in war would be im-
paired by full fifty per cent, even as a
horse that once has run away is no
longer to be trusted.

  The old man redoubled his furious
efforts to rally his regiment and to
force it onward to the charge. The
whole crooked line had halted.

  It was wavering like the tail of a
kite. Presently it must snap.

  Then — from nowhere in particular
’—from the skies, some vowed after-?
ward—came a diversion.

  Down the field, in a line parallel to
the woods, and a dozen rods in front
jof the wavering Federal line, galloped
a gun-carriage horse, its harness flap-
ping and flying about its flashing
hoofs.

  Astride the barebacked horse was a
small and marvelous figure. The figure
of a short and stocky boy, fiery red of
hair, his powder-blacked face freckled,
his little eyes glaring. He was clad in
the obviously chopped-down uniform
of an artilleryman.

  On his back, suspended by a strap
52

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

that was fastened around his neck,
bounced and rattled an enormous
drum. In the boy’s trouser waistband
were stuck two drumsticks.

  The lad was kicking vehemently
with his heels at his horse’s stomach.
But as he came midway adown the
Federal line he jerked his mount to a
halt, slid to earth and, in the same ges-
ture, unslung his drum.

  He had halted not twenty feet from
Dad.

  “ Now, then,” shrilled the boy, his

TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK. Don’t
you will get the continuation of <

 harsh young voice ringing out like a
 trumpet-call, “ what’re you long-legged
 loafers waiting for? Hey? Charge,
 you chumps! Charge! ”

   He faced the woods. His drum
rolled out a deafening tattoo.

   “ Battle Jimmie! ” shouted some one
 in the ranks.

   “Jimmie!” echoed Dad. “Jimmie!
Oh, it’s my boy! ”

   “Charge! ” shrilled Jimmie, his
 drum seconding the fiery command.
 And they charged.

 forget this magazine is issued weekly, and that
 his story without waiting a month.

COMPARISONS

By Mazie V. Caruthers

     WHEN Mother Eve went traveling
     She never had to pack

      Her finery a day ahead,

And then—be on the rack

For fear that wrinkles numerous
Might spoil her bestest gown,

Or that the trunk-lid on her hats
Too heavily pressed down.

She never had to fold and find
A place for Adam’s clothes.

      (There’s no more thankless task than this,
         As every good wife knows!)

      And Adam (bless his heart!) sought not
        To volunteer advice.

      (Oh, would some modem benedicks
        Had habits half as nice!)

      Nor, having locked the trunk and strapped
         It tight with extra care,

Did he discover, had been packed
The suit he wished to wear.

      Oh, easy life when trunks were not,

And clothes on bushes grew!

Fortunate Eve, who never did
The things I have to do!
lleiv

 ness

R.Austin Freemaa

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS

P)R. HUMPHREY JARDINE, who tells the story, has just graduated. On his way
L' home one night across Hampstead Heath, he finds the body of an elderly man. It
is gone when he gets the police. He finds a gold locket containing a compass. Later
he finds a queer palette knife and meets Sylvia Vyne, then helps certify the death of
Septimus Maddock, a boarder with Mrs. Samway. He is decoyed into a disused cellar
and nearly asphyxiated with carbonic acid gas. Dr. John Thorndyke, a doctor-detect-
ive, helps investigate. While they are in the building they find it afire.

    They escape with help of the carbonic acid gas. Dr. Thorndyke is interested in
discarded work of a mysterious painter who owns the palette knife. Dr. Jardine is
flung into the Thames, escapes to a barge, lands at Folkestone, and there saves Mrs.
Samway from a runaway horse. She is much upset at seeing him. A nautical man
on the train is very curious abput the gold compass. Getting home he calls on Syl-
via, but finds himself facing a terrible old woman.

   The woman proves to be Sylvia’s aunt. A mysterious stranger shadows Jardine
and Sylvia. Mrs. Samway waylays him on the Heath to ask about his half-drowned
condition at Folkestone. He is guarded, but kisses her as they part. Some one has
followed them, he finds. By Dr. Thorndyke’s advice Jardine is disguised and hidden
in the former’s home. Marchmont, a lawyer, brings a client to Dr. Thorndyke, calling
him “ Mr. Wallis.” He is the nautical man of the train.

      CHAPTER XVI.
      We Meet Mr. Wallis.

THE solicitor ushered in his cli-
ent with an air of but half-
concealed triumph and pro-
ceeded with exaggerated geniality to
do the honors of introduction.

 “ Let me make you known to one
another, gentlemen,” said he. “ This
is Mr. Thomas Wallis. These gentle-
men are Dr. Thorndyke, Dr. Jervis,
and Mr. Howard, who will act, on this
occasion, as the recording angel to

take down in writing the particulars
of-your very remarkable story.”

  Mr. Wallis bowed stiffly. He was
evidently a little disconcerted at find-
ing so large an assembly and glanced
at me, in particular, with undisguised
disfavor while I, my oiled hair, de-
formed eyebrows, and false beard not-
withstanding, perspired with anxiety
lest he should recognize me.

  But, however unfavorably the nau-
tical man may have viewed our little
conclave, Mr. Marchmont, who had
been watching him anxiously, gave

This story began in The All-Story Cavalier Weekly for June 20.

* Copyright, iqi4, by Dr, R. Austin Freeman.

S3
54

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

him no chance of raising objections,
but proceeded to open the matter
forthwith.

  “ I have not brought any digest or
precis of the case,” said he, “ because
I know you prefer to hear the facts
from the actual parties. But I had
better give you a brief outline of the
matter of our inquiry. The case is
concerned with a Mr. John Anson,
who has been closely associated with
Mr. Wallis for very many years past,
and who has now, without notice or
explanation, disappeared from his or-
dinary places of resort, ceased from
communication with his friends, and
adopted a mode of life quite alien
from and inconsistent with his previ-
ous habits. Those are the main facts,
stated in general terms.”

  “ And the inquiry to which you re-
ferred ? ” said Thorndyke.

  “ Concerns itself with three ques-
tions,” replied Marchmont, and he
proceeded to check them off on his
fingers. “ First, is John Anson alive
or dead? Second, if he is alive, where
is he? Third, having regard to the
singular change in his habits, is his
conduct such as might render it possi-
ble to place him under restraint or to
prove him unfit to control his own af-
fairs ? ”

  “To certify him as insane, if I may
put it bluntly,” said Thorndyke.
“ That question could be decided only
on a full knowledge of the nature of
the changes in this person’s habits,
with which, no doubt, you are pre-
pared to furnish us.

  “ But what instantly strikes me in
your epitome of the proposed inquiry
is this: you raise the question whether
Mr. Anson is alive or dead, and then
you refer to certain changes in his
habits; but, since a man must be alive
to have any habits at all, the two ques-
tions seem to be mutually irreconci-
lable in relation to the same group of
facts.”

  Mr. Wallis nodded approvingly.

  “ That,” said he, “ is just our diffi-
culty. Certain things seem to me to

point to a probability that my friend
Anson is dead. Certain other things
make me feel almost certain that he is
alive. It is a complete puzzle.”

  “ Perhaps,” said Thorndyke, “ the
best plan would be for Mr. Wallis to
give us a detailed account of his rela-
tions with Mr. Anson and of the latter
gentleman’s habits as they are known
to him; after which we could discuss
any questions that suggest themselves
and clear up any points that seem to
be obscure. What do you say, March-
mont? ”

  “ It will be a long story,” March-
mont replied doubtfully.

  “ So much the better,” rejoined
Thorndyke. “ It will give us the more
matter for consideration. I would
suggest that Mr. Wallis tell us the
story in his own way, and that Mr.
Howard take down the statement.
Then we shall have the principal data
and can pursue any issue that seems
to invite further investigation.”

  To this proposal Marchmont agreed
a little reluctantly, fortifying himself
for the ordeal by lighting a cigar; and
Mr. Wallis having cast a somewhat
disparaging glance at me, began his
account of his missing friend, which
I took down verbatim, and which I
now reproduce.

  “ My acquaintance with John An-
son began more than forty years ago,
when we were both rated as midship-
men apprentices on board the Black
Ball liner Carthage. When Anson
joined the ship with a cousin of his
named Robert Vyne, I had already
served one year of my time. I need
not trouble you, however, with the de-
tails of our life at sea, but I must men-
tion one or two apparently trivial cir-
cumstances, because, though trivial,
they developed important conse-
quences.

  “ I will begin with one that seems
very trivial indeed. While I was at
home from my first voyage I had
given to me a little gold locket. I
won’t say who gave it to me—that is
of no consequence, it is more than
A SILENT WITNESS.

65

forty years ago; but I may mention
that it. contained in one-half a tiny
charm compass, and in the other the
portrait of a young woman.

  “ When I went to sea again I natu-
rally took the locket with me, and part-
ly to keep it out of sight of my ship-
mates, and partly for sentimental rea-
sons, I wore it suspended from my
neck under my clothing. But the con-
ditions of life in the midshipmen’s
berth frustrated my efforts to keep the
little trinket hidden, and then, to es-
cape the incessant chaff of my fellow-
apprentices, I set up the pretense that
the locket was some sort of charm,
and that I carried it about with me to
insure good luck.

  “ It sounds now a sufficiently fool-
ish statement, but in those days the
rank superstitions of the f’c’le found
their way pretty freely into the offi-
cers’ quarters. My ridiculous expla-
nation was accepted quite simply, and
the little locket, which got to be known
as ‘ Wallis’s Luck,’ acquired quite a
reputation.

  “ It is curious, gentlemen, to see
how easily people deceive themselves.
I am not more fortunate than other
people, but, through the medium of
this supposed amulet I gained a repu-
tation for extraordinary luck. When-
ever I came off winner in any game of
chance, the fact was eagerly noted,
while the occasions on which I failed
to win were passed over and forgot-
ten. And always, of course, any good
fortune was attributed to the precious
locket.

  “ I have said that these supersti-
tious beliefs were not confined to the
common seamen, but made their way
into the midshipmen’s berth and even
into the cabin; and among the mid-
shipmen there was none so completely
saturated with the superstitions of the
sea as\my friend, John Anson.

  So intense was his absurd devotion
to Wallis’s Luck that, but for obvious
sentimental reasons, I would have
given way to his oft-repeated entrea-
ties to be allowed to buy it of me. I

could give you a hundred instances of
Anson's extraordinary superstition,
but I will mention only two, and those
because they are relevant to our pres-
ent inquiry.

  “It was in the year 1867, when we
were homeward bound and had just
sighted the Lizard. The ship was
bound in the first place for Havre, but
we had a passenger for Penzance who
was anxious to be put ashore without
delay. As the Lizard was actually in
sight, and the weather was fair, the
captain put over a quarter boat of
which I, being then third mate, was
directed to take charge and convey the
passenger to Penzance, for which pur-
pose I was provided with a crew of
two seamen and one midshipman,
John Anson, besides the passenger.

  “ We put off and hoisted the sail,
and for an hour made fair progress,
while the ship set a course to the
southeast and soon disappeared.

  “ The land was still some miles dis-
tant and only just visible from the boat
when it suddenly fell dead calm, and
then a dense bank of fog came creeping
down from the north and soon hid
not only the land but the sea and even
the sky.

  “ Our position was one of great
danger. On the strong current we
might easily drift right out to sea, and
since we had neglected to bring a boat
compass, and consequently had no
means of judging direction, it would
be W'orse than useless to ply the oars.
We were all very much alarmed. A
few more hours of fog might see us
right out in the Atlantic and as good
as lost. .

  “ But here Anson’s superstition came
to our assistance. In the midst of
our despair he suddenly brightened
up, exclaiming cheerfully: ‘ It’ll be
all right, mates; we can’t come to
any harm; we’ve got Tom Wallis’s
“ Luck ” aboard.’

  “ It was an opportune reminder; for
though I scouted the idea of luck, I
remembered the little compass in the
locket. It was. only the merest toy,
56

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

but still it would show us which was
north within a point or two, and that
was all we wanted to know. I got
the compass out and, to make a long
story short, it enabled us to steer the
boat toward the land and to bring her
at last safely into Penzance.

  “ The second instance occurred three
years later. When the war broke out
between Prance and Germany Anson
and I joined the German Transport
Service as volunteers. But we weren’t
long with the army, for less than a
month after Saarbritck our little force
met a French division and had to re-
treat, leaving a number of men and
guns in the hands of the enemy. Both
of us were among the prisoners, and
John was one of the wounded; for,
just as the retreat began, a French
bullet struck him in the right hip. We
were both taken to Paris with the rest
of the prisoners, and there, in the hos-
pital, I was allowed to visit him.

  “ His wound was a severe one. The
bullet had entered deeply and lodged
behind the bone of the hip, so that
the repeated efforts of the surgeons
to extract it not only failed but caused
great pain and made the wound worse.
From day to day poor Anson grew
thinner and more yellow, and we could
see plainly that if no change occurred
the end must come quite soon. So
the doctors said, and so Anson himself
felt.

  “ Then it was that his superstitious
mind turned once more to Wallis’s
Luck, and at his earnest request, and
with the permission of the surgeons,
I attached the little locket to the out-
side of the dressing. This foolish
proceeding seemed to give poor Anson
great comfort, and he went to sleep
that night full of confidence that
Wallis’s Luck would draw out the
offending bullet.”

  “ And did it ? ” asked Marchmont as
Mr. Wallis paused for a somewhat
necessary rest.

  “ Well, no,” replied the latter, with
an indulgent smile; “ but, all the same,
Anson was convinced that the locket

saved his life; for oddly enough, on the
very next morning, when the dressings
were changed, a small shred of cloth
came out of the wound. It seems that
that, and not the bullet, was the cause
of the trouble; for from that moment
the fever abated and the wound began
to heal. In quite a short time it was
completely closed, and has never given
him a moment’s trouble since.

  “ Now, I need hardly say that if
Anson believed in the virtues of the
locket before, he was now absolutely
rabid on the subject; and as the senti-
mental reasons at which I have hinted
no longer existed, I made him a present
of the little bauble. He accepted it
joyfully, and by way of commemora-
ting the services it had rendered him
he caused an engraver to inscribe on
one face of it the representation of a
lizard with his initials and the date

*	1867/ and on the other * Paris. 1870.’
He also cut the head out of a portrait
of his mother and inserted it in the
locket; but so fearful was he of dis-
turbing the luck that he left the other
portrait in its place underneath, where
it no doubt remains to this day.

  “ After this I lost sight of Anson
for some years. I learned that,
wearying of the deep water traffic, he
had qualified as a Trinity House pilot;
but apparently he did not practise his
profession very long, for by the death
of an uncle he came into a very con-
siderable fortune and, naturally, re-
tired.

  “ It was at this time that I met him
again. I had then also retired from
the sea and held a post as secretary to
a children’s hospital; and it was in
connection to this that our new rela-
tions began. Anson, who was still a
bachelor, and from his solitary habits
likely to remain one, had conceived a
desire to found a home for the orphan
daughters of fishermen of all nation-
alities.

  “ He proposed to start this insti-
tution on a small scale near Boulogne,
and proposed to me that I should help
him and undertake the management.
A SILENT WITNESS,

57

I need not trouble you with details.
We started the home, and for a time
it was maintained entirely at Anson’s
expense.

  “ But later it occurred to me to place
the home partially under the control
of a community of nursing sisters, and
as soon as we did this we began to get
pecuniary help from other quarters.”

  “ This is all extremely interesting,”
said Marchmont; “ but—excuse my
asking—has it any bearing on your
friend’s disappearance?”

  “ Yes, it has,” replied Mr. Wallis—
“ a very important bearing, as you will
see.” And as Mr. Marchmont bowed
and closed his eyes with a resigned air,
he continued:

  “ When the home was fairly started
Anson took up his residence in the
building where he had a small set of
apartments, taking his meals at the
refectory table with the orphans and
generally maintaining a position as the
father of our little community.

  “ But not always. From time to
time he has taken little holidays to
travel about and mix with the outer
world. Sometimes he would come to
England to visit his relatives, and
sometimes he would spend a few weeks
in one of the great cities of the Con-
tinent, looking over the museums and
picture galleries. He was greatly in-
terested in art and liked to frequent
the society of painters and sculptors,
of whom he knew several; and one in
particular—an English painter named
Burton, whose acquaintance he made
quite recently—he seemed very much
attached to, for he stayed with him
at Bruges for more than a month.

  “ When he came back from Bruges
he told me that he purposed going to
England to see his relatives and to
make certain arrangements with his
lawyers for securing a part of his
property to our institution. I had
often urged him to do this, but hith-
erto he had retained complete control
of his property and only paid the
the expenses of the home as they oc-
curred.

  “ He was most generous, but of
course this was a bad arrangement,
because in the event of his death we
should have been left without the
support that he had promised. It
seemed that while he was at Bruges
he had discussed this matter with
Mr. Burton, and that the Englishman
also advised him to make a permanent
provision for the home. It seemed
that he had decided to divide his
property between our community and
a cousin of his who lives in England,
a project of which I strongly ap-
proved. After staying with us for a
month or two he left for England
with the purpose of making this ar-
rangement. That was in the middle
of last September, and I have not seen
him since.”

  „ “ Did he complete the arrangements
that he had mentioned ? ” Thorndyke
asked.

  “ No, he did not. He made certain
arrangements as to his property; but
they were very different ones from
those he had proposed. But we shall
come to that presently. Let me finish
my story.

  “ A few days after Anson left us
one of our orphans was taken very
seriously ill. I wrote to Anson, who
was deeply attached to this child—a
French girl named Julie Chanot—tell-
ing him of this; and, as I did not know
where he was staying, I sent the letter
to his cousin’s house at Hampstead.

  “ He replied on the 18th of Sep-
tember that he should return imme-
diately. He said that he was then
booking his luggage and paying his
hotel bill; that he had to seeVhis cousin
again, but that he would try to come
by the night train, or if he missed that
he would sleep at the station hotel and
start as early as possible on the fol-
lowing day, the 19th.

  “ That was the last I ever heard
from him. He never came and has
never communicated with me since.”

 “ You have made inquiries, of
course ? ” said Thorndyke.

 “Yes. When he did not come I
68

ALL-STORY CAVALIER .WEEKLY.

wrote to his lawyer, Mr. Wyndhurst,.
whom I knew slightly. But Mr.
.Wyndhurst was dead, and my letter
was answered by Mr. Marchmont.
From him I learned that Anson had
called on him on the morning of the
19th and made certain arrangements,
of which he, perhaps, will tell you. Mr.
Marchmont ascertained that, on the
same day, Anson’s luggage was taken
from the cloak-room in time to catch
the boat-train. I have made inquiries,
and find that he arrived at Calais, and
have succeeded in tracing him to Paris;
but there I have lost him. Where he
is now I am unable to discover.

  “ And now, before I finish my story,
you had better hear what Mr. March-
mont has to tell. He has been very
close with me; but you are a lawyer,
and perhaps know better how to deal
with lawyers.”

  Thorndyke glanced inquiringly at
the solicitor, who in his turn looked
dubiously at the end of his waning
cigar.

  “ The fact is,” said he, “ I am in a
rather difficult position. Mr. Anson
has employed me as his solicitor, and
I don’t quite see my way to discussing
his private affairs without his author-
ity.”

  “ That is a perfectly correct atti-
tude,” said Thorndyke, “ and yet I am
going to urge you to tell us what
passed at your interview with your
client. I can't go into particulars at
present, but I will ask you to take it
from me that there are sound reasons
why you should, and I will undertake
to hold you immune from any blame
for having done so.”

  Marchmont looked sharply and with
evidently awakened interest at Thorn-
dyke.

  “ I think I know what that means,”
he said, “ and I will take you at your
word, having learned by experience
what your word is worth. But before
describing the interview I had better
let you know how Anson had pre-
viously disposed of his property.

  “About twelve years ago he got

Wyndhurst to draft a will for him by
which a life interest in the entire
property was vested in his cousin, a
Miss Augusta Vyne, with reversion
to her niece, Sylvia Vyne, the only,
child of his cousin, Robert. This will
was duly executed in our office.

  “ After that our firm had until
quite recently no special business to
transact for Mr. Anson beyond the
management of his investments. The
whole of his property—which was all
personal—was in our hands to invest,
and our relations with him were con-
fined to the transfer of sums of money
to his bank when we received instruct
tions from him to effect such transfer.;
He never called at the office, and lat-i
terly there has been no one there whcj
knew him excepting Wyndhurst him-
self and the clerk, Bell.

  “ The next development occurred
last September. On the 17th I re-
ceived a letter from him, written at
Miss Vyne’s house at Hampstead, say-!
ing that he had been discussing his
affairs with her and that he should
like to call on me and make some
slight alterations in the disposal of
the property. I replied on the 18th,
addressing my letter to him at Miss
Vyne’s house, making an appointment
for eleven o’clock on the morning of
the 19th. He kept the appointment
punctually and we had a short inter-
view, at which he explained the new;
arrangements which he wished to
make.

  “ He began by saying that he had
found it somewhat inconvenient, liv-
ing as he did on the Continent, to
have his account at an English bank.
He proposed, therefore, to transfer it
to a private bank at Paris, conducted
by a certain M. Desire, or rather to
open an account there, for he did not
suggest closing his account at his
English bank.”

  “ Do you know anything about this
M. Desire?” asked Thorndyke.

  “ I did not, but I have since ascer-
tained that he is a person of credit—-
quite a substantial man, in fact—and
A SILENT WITNESS.

59

that his business is chiefly that of pri-
vate banker and agent to the officers
of the army.

  “ Well, Mr. Anson went on to say
that he had become rather tired of the
monotonous life which he had been
leading and wished for a little free-
dom and change. Accordingly, he in-
tended to travel for a time—which
was his reason for employing M. De-
sire—and did not propose necessarily
to keep any one informed of his
whereabouts. He was a rich man, and
he had decided to get some advantage
from his wealth, which really did not
seem to me at all an unreasonable
decision.

  “ He added that he had no inten-
tion of withdrawing his support from
the orphanage; he merely intended to
dissociate himself personally from it,
and he suggested that any occasions
that might arise for pecuniary assist-
ance should be addressed to him under
cover of M. Desire.

  “ Finally he desired me to transfer
one thousand pounds in stock to his
new agent seven days from the date
of our interview, and gave me an au-
thority in writing to that effect, in
which he instructed me to accept M.
Desire’s receipt as a valid discharge.”
“And you did so?” asked Thorn-
dyke.

  “ Certainly I did. And I hold M.
Desire’s receipt for the amount.”

   “ Did you think it necessary to raise
the question of your client’s identity,
seeing that no one in the office knew
him personally ? ”

  “No, I did not. The question did
not arise. There could not possibly
be any doubt on the subject. He was
an old client of the firm and our cor-
respondence had been carried on un-
der cover of his cousin, Miss Vyne,
who had known him all his life. You
remember that I wrote to him at Miss
Vyne’s address, making the appoint-
ment for the interview.”

  “ And what happened next ? ”

  “ The next development was a letter
from Mr. Wallis, asking if I could

give him Mr. Anson’s address. Of
course I could not; but I wrote to M.
Desire, asking him if he could give it
to me. Desire replied that he did not
at the moment know where Mr. An-
son was, but would if desired take
charge of any communications and
forward them at the first opportunity.
This statement may or may not have
been true, but I don’t think we shall
get any more information out of De-
sire. He is Anson’s agent and will
act on his instructions. If Anson has
told him not to give any one his ad-
dress, naturally he won’t give it. So
there the matter ends, so far as I am
concerned.”

  “ Did John Anson make no sugges-
tion as to altering his will?” Wallis
inquired.

  “ None whatever. Nothing was
said about the will. But,” Mr. March-
ment added after a cogitative pause,
“ we must remember that he has an-
other man of business now. There is
no saying what he may have done
through M. Desire.”

  Mr. Wallis nodded gloomily, and
Thorndyke, addressing the solicitor,
asked:

  “ And that is all you have to tell
us?”

  “ Yes. And I’m not sure that it is
not a good deal more than I ought to
have told you. It is Mr. Wallis’s turn
now.”

  Mr. Wallis acknowledged the invi-
tation to resume his narrative by a stiff
bow, and then proceeded:

  “ You can now see, sir, that what I
said is perfectly correct. The conduct
of my friend Anson shows a sudden
and unaccountable change. It is quite
inconsistent with his habits and his
way of thinking. And the change is,
as I say, so sudden. One day he is
coming with the greatest haste to the
bedside of his sick protegee, Julie
Chanot; the next, he is making ar-
rangements for a life of selfish pleas-
ure, utterly indifferent as to whether
that protegee is alive or dead. As a
matter of fact, the poor child passed
60

ALL-STORY CAVALIER .WEEKLY.

away to her reward the day after An-
son should have arrived without even
a message from his old friend. But
now let me return to my story.

   When Anson failed to appear,
and I could get no news of him, I be-
came very anxious; and, as it hap-
pened that the business of our institu-
tion called me to England, I determined
to inquire into the matter. Circum-
stances compelled me to travel by way
of Boulogne and cross to Folkestone.

  “ I say ‘ circumstances,5 but I should
rather say that I was guided that way
by the hand of Providence, for in the
train that brought me from Folke-
stone to London I had a most aston-
ishing experience. In the carriage
alone with me there traveled a young
man—a tall, powerful fellow, not nat-
urally ill-looking, but disfigured with
the most unmistakable traces of vice
and debauchery. And he was ob-
viously suffering even then from the
effects of quite recent excesses.

  “ His excellent clothing was disor-
dered and crumpled and stained with
mud, as if in his orgies he had actual-
ly rolled in the gutter, and I noticed
that he was wearing a brand-new col-
lar, evidently fresh from the shop.”

  “ He seemed, in fact, to have been
tinting the village pink,” said Lewis,
with a gratified smile and a leer in my
direction.

  “Pink!” exclaimed Wallis. “Ver-
milion, my dear sir, with green stripes.
No ordinary debauch would have got
his clothes in such a state. And if
further evidence were needed, soon
after we had started lie began to turn
out his pockets as if to see whether
he had lost anything during his
drunken bout. And then it was that
I saw a most astonishing thing.
Among the objects that this man took
from his pockets and laid on the seat
was the very locket or compass that
I had given so many years ago to John
Anson.

  “ I could not mistake it. Once it
had been mine, and 1 had been accus-
tomed to see it almost daily since.

Moreover, this fellow actually allowed
me to examine it, so that I was able
to identify it detail by detail.

  “ When I asked him where he had
obtained it he told me that he had
picked it up at Hampstead. But his
answers were very evasive, and I did
not believe him.”

  “ Nevertheless,” said Mr. March-
mont, “ there was nothing improbable
in his statement. Mr. Anson had been
at Hampstead and might have dropped
it.”

  “ Possibly. But he would have
taken measures to recover it. He
would not have left England until he
had found it. He was a rich man,
and he would have offered a large re-
ward for this, his most prized posses-
sion.”

  “ You say,” said Thorndyke, “ that
he habitually carried this locket on his
person. Can you tell us how he car-
ried or wore it ? ”

  “ He wore it,” replied Mr. Wallis,
“ attached to a ring on his watch-
guard, and attached in a very charac-
teristic way: namely, by means of a
silk eye - glass cord, which was made
fast to the ring of the locket with a
fisherman’s bend, and to the ring of
the watch - guard with two clove-!
hitches connected by a reef-knot.

  “ And while I am on this subject I
may as well mention another orna-
ment that he wore, though it was not
exposed to view. This was a small,
enameled gold beetle or scarab, given
him, I think, by his aunt, which he
wore suspended from his neck next tq
his skin.

  “ But now, to return to this young
man, when I had heard his explana-
tion and decided that he was telling
me lies, I made a simple pretext to'
discover his name and place of abode.
Quite readily he gave me his card,
which I have here, and which, you
will see, is stained with mud, owing,
no doubt, to those wallowings in the
mire of which I have spoken.”

  He drew the card from his pocket-
book and handed it to Thorndyke, who
A SILENT WITNESS.

61

read it gravely, and, pushing it across
the table to me, said, without moving
a muscle of his face:

  “ You had better copy it into your
notes, Mr. Howard, so that we may
have the record complete.”

  I accordingly copied out my own
name and address with due solemnity
and a growing enjoyment of the situa-
tion, and then returned the card to
Mr. Wallis, who pocketed it carefully
and resumed:

  “ Having the name and address of
this young man, I telegraphed imme-
diately to a private-detective bureau
in Paris, asking to have sent to me, if
possible, a certain M. Foucault who
makes a specialty of following and
watching suspected persons. This
Foucault is a man of extraordinary
talent. His power of disguising him-
self is beyond belief and his patience
is inexhaustible.

  “ Fortunately he was disengaged
and came to me without delay, and
when I had given him the name and
address of this young man, Jardine.
and described him from my recollec-
tion of him, he set a watch on the
house and found that the man was
really living there, as he had said, and
that he made a daily journey to the
hospital of St. Margaret’s, where he
seemed to have some business, as he
usually stayed there until evening.”
“St. Margaret’s!” exclaimed Mr.
Marchmont. “ Why, that is your
hospital, Thorndyke. Do you happen
to know this man, Jardine?”

  “ There is, or was, a student of
that name, who qualified some little
time ago, and who is probably the man
Mr. Wallis is referring to. A tall
man—quite as tall, I should say, as
my friend here, Mr. Howard.”

  “ I should say,” said Mr. Wallis,
“ that the man Jardine is taller—de-
cidedly taller. I watched him as I
walked behind him up the platform at
Charing Cross, and M. Foucault has
shown him to me since. But that does
not matter. Have you seen the man
Jardine lately at the hospital?”

  “ Not very lately,” Thorndyke re-
plied. “ I saw him there nearly a
fortnight ago, but* that, I think, was
the last time.”

  “Ah!” exclaimed Wallis. “Ex-
actly. But I had better continue my
story. For some time M. Foucault
kept a close watch on his man, but dis-
covered nothing fresh. He went to
the hospital daily, he came home, and
he stayed indoors the whole evening.
But at last there came a new dis-
covery.

  “ One morning M. Foucault saw the
man Jardine come out of his house
dressed more carefully than usual.
From his house Foucault followed
him to a picture-gallery in Leicester
Square and went in after him, and
there he saw him meet a female, evi-
dently by a previous assignation.
And,” Mr. Wallis continued, slapping
the table to emphasize the climax of
his story, “ from—the—neck—of—
that—female—was—hanging — John
Anson’s—scarab! ”

  Having made this thrilling commu-
nication, our client leaned back to
watch its effect on his audience.

  I am afraid he must have been a
little disappointed, for Thorndyke was
habitually impassive in his exterior,
and, as for Jervis and me. we were
fully occupied in maintaining a decent
and befitting gravity.

  But Marchmont—the only person
present who was not already ac-
quainted with the incident—saved the
situation by exclaiming:

  “Very remarkable! Very remark-
able indeed!”

  “ It is more than remarkable,” said
Wallis. “ It is very highly suspicious*
The locket might, as you suggest, have
dropped from its fastening and been
picked up. But to suppose that the
scarab could have broken away and
dropped at the same moment and been
picked up by the same person is be-
yond all reason. Yet here are these
two objects in the possession of one
individual. I don’t know what you
infer from this: to me one inference
62

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

only seems possible: that John Anson
has been robbed, if not murdered, and
by this man Jardine.

  “ But let me finish my story. There
is not much more to tell.

  “ It seems that the man Jardine
suspected Foucault of watching him,
for presently he left the gallery in
company with the female, and after
being followed for some distance he
managed to escape.

  “ As soon as Foucault found that
he had lost him he went to Jardine’s
house and waited about the neighbor-
hood, and an hour or two later he
had the good fortune to see him com-
ing from Hampstead toward High-
gate in company with another female.
He followed them until they entered
a narrow passage or lane that leads
'up the hill, and when they had gone
up this some distance he followed, but
could not get near enough to hear
what they were saying.

  “ And now he had a most strange
and terrible experience. For some
time past he had felt a suspicion that
some person—some accomplice of
Jardine’s, perhaps—was following and
watching him, and now he had proof
of it. At the top of the lane Jardine
stopped to talk to the female, and
Foucault crept on tiptoe toward him,
and while he was doing so he heard
some one approaching stealthily up
the lane, behind him.

  “ Suddenly Jardine began to return
down the lane. As it was not con-
venient for Foucault to meet him
there, he also turned and walked back,
and then he heard a sound as if some
one were climbing the high wooden
fence that enclosed the lane.

  “ Then Jardine began to run, and
Foucault was compelled also to run,
but he would have been overtaken if
it had not happened that Jardine fell
down.

  “ Now, just as he heard Jardine fall
he came to a broken place in the
fence, and it occurred to him to creep
through the hole and hide while Jar-
dine passed. He accordingly began toi

do so, but no sooner had he thrust his
head through the hole than some un-
seen ruffian dealt him a violent blow
which rendered him instantly insen-
sible. When he recovered his senses
he found himself lying in a church-
yard which adjoins the lane, but Jar-
dine and the other ruffian were, of
course, nowhere to be seen.

  “ And now I come to the last inci->
dent that I have to relate. The as-
sault took place on a Saturday; on
the Sunday M. Foucault was some-
what indisposed and unable to go out;
but early on Monday he resumed his
watch on Jardine’s house. It was
nearly noon when Jardine came out,
dressed as if for traveling and carry-
ing a valise.

  “ He went first to a house near Pic-
cadilly, and from thence to the hos-
pital in a cab. Foucault followed in
another cab and saw him go into the
hospital, and waited for him to come
out.

  “ But he never came. Foucault
waited until midnight, but he did not
come out. He had vanished.”

  “ He had probably' come out by a
back exit and gone home,” said
Marchmont.

  “ Not so,” replied Wallis. “ The
next day Foucault watched Jardine’s
house, but he did not come there.
Then he made inquiries, but Jardine is
not there, and the landlady does not
know where he is. Also the porter at
the hospital knows nothing and is not
at all polite. The man Jardine has
disappeared as if he had never been.”

  “ That, really, is rather queer,” said
Marchmont. “ It is a pity that you
did not give me all these particulars at
first. However, that can’t be helped
now. Is this all that you have to tell
us?”

  “ It is all, unless there is anything
that you wish to ask me.”

  “ I think,” said Thorndyke, “ that
it would be well for us to have a de-i
scription of Mr. Anson, and, as we
have to trace him, if possible, a photo-
graph would be exceedingly useful.”
A SILENT WITNESS.

63

   “ I have not a photograph with me,”
 said Mr. Wallis, “ but I will obtain one
 and send it to you. Meanwhile I will
 tell you what my friend Anson is like.
 He is sixty-two years of age, spare,
 upright, rather tall — his height is,
 roughly, five feet nine. His hair is
 nearly white, he is clean shaven, with
 . the exception of a small fringe of
 whitish beard under his chin; he has
 gray eyes, a straight nose, not very
 prominent, and remarkably good teeth
 for his age, which he shows somewhat
 when he talks.

    “ I think he is a little vain about his
 teeth, and he well may be, for there
 are not many men of sixty-two who
 have not a single false tooth, nor even
 one that has been stopped by the den-
 tist. As to his clothes, he continues to
 wear the dress which was customary
 among the Trinity House pilots be-
 fore the present uniform was intro-
 duced; namely, a frock coat, tall hat,
 white waistcoat and a shawl over it
 when out of doors. He also wears
 gloves, habitually, even when in-
 doors.”

   “ Is there any reason for his wear-
 ing gloves ? ” Thorndyke asked.

   “Not now. The habit began when
 he had some affection of the skin
 which made it necessary for him to
 keep his hands' covered with ,gloves
 which contained some ointment or
 dressing, and afterward for a time to
 conceal the disagreeable appearance of
 the skin. The habit having been once
 formed, he continued it, saying that
 his hands were more comfortable cov-
 ered up than when exposed to the air.”
 “ Was he dressed in this fashion
 when he called at your office, March-
 mont ? ” asked Thorndyke.

   “ Yes. Even to the shawl and the
 gloves. I noticed, with some surprise,
 that he did not take the latter off even
 when he wrote and signed the note of
 which I told you.”

   “ Was he then wearing the locket, as
 Mr. Wallis has described, on the front
 of his waistcoat?”

   “ He may have been, but I didn’t

 notice it, as I fancy I should have done
 if it had been there.”

  “ And you have nothing more to
tell us, Mr. Wallis, as to your friend’s
personal appearance ? ”

  “ No. I will send you the photo-
graph and write to you if I think of
anything that I have forgotten. And
now, perhaps you can tell me if you
think that you will be able to answer
those questions that Mr. Marchmont
put to you.”

   “ I cannot, of course, answer them
now,” replied Thorndyke. “ The
facts that you have given us will have
to be considered and compared, and
certain inquiries will have to be made.
Are you staying long in England ? ”

   “ I shall be here for at least a month
and I may as well leave you my
address, although Mr. Marchmont
has it.”

   “ In the course of a month,” Thorn-
dyke said, as he took the proffered
card, “ I think I may promise you that
we shall have settled definitely whether
your friend is alive or dead; and if we
find that he is alive we shall, no doubt,
be able to ascertain his whereabouts.”
“ That is very satisfactory,” said
Mr. Wallis. “ I hope you will be able
to make good your promise.”

  With this he rose, and having
shaken hands stiffly with Thorndyke,
bestowed on Jervis and me a cere-
monious bow and moved toward the
door.

  I thought that Marchmont looked a
little wistful, as if he would have liked
to stay and have a few words with us
alone; indeed, he lingered for a mo-
ment or two after the door was open;
but then, apparently altering his mind,
he wished us “ good night ” and fol-
lowed his client.

CHAPTER XVII.
The Palimpsest.

JT was getting late when our friends
left us, but nevertheless, as soon as
they were gone, we all drew our chairs
64

ALL-STORY. CAVALIER WEEKLY.

up to the fire with the obvious inten-
tion of discussing the situation, and
began, with one accord, to fill our
pipes.

  Jervis was the first to get his tobac-
co alight, and having emitted a volu-
minous preliminary puff he proceeded
to open the debate.

  “ That man Jardine seems to be a
pretty desperate character. Just think
of his actually wallowing in the mire
•—not merely rolling, mind you, but
wallowing—and of his repulsive habit
of consorting with females; one after
the other, too, in rapid succession. It’s
a shocking instance of depravity.”

  “ Our friend,” said Thorndyke,
“ reaches his conclusions by a rather
short route—in some cases, at least;
in others, his methods seem a little in-
direct and roundabout.”

  “ Yes,” agreed Jervis, he’s a devil
at guessing. But he didn’t get much
food for the imagination out of the
man, Thorndyke. Why were you so
extraordinarily secretive? With what
he told you, and what you knew be-
fore, you could surely have suggested
a line of inquiry. Why didn’t you?”

  “ Principally because of the man’s
personality. I could not have an-
swered his questions; I could only
have suggested one or two highly prob->
able solutions of the problem that he
offered, and partial solutions at that.
But I am not much addicted to giving
partial solutions; to handing over the
raw material of a promising inquiry.
Certainly not to a man like this, who
seems incapable of a straightforward
action.”

  “ The worthy and pious Wallis,”-
said Jervis, “ does certainly seem to
be a rather unnecessarily downy bird.
And he doesn’t seem to have got much
by his excessive artfulness after all.”

  “No,” agreed Thorndyke; “noth-
ing whatever. Quite the contrary, in
fact. Look at his ridiculous conduct
in respect of ‘ the man Jardine.’ I
don’t complain of his having taken the
precaution to obtain that malefactor’s
address, but when he had got it if he

had not been so tortuous, so eager to
be cunning; if, in short, he had be-
haved dike an ordinary sensible man,
he would have got, at once, all the in-
formation that Jardine had to give.

  “ He could have called on Jardine,
written to him, employed a lawyer or
applied to the police. Either of these
simple and obvious plans would have
been successful; instead of which he
must needs go to the trouble and ex-
pense of engaging this absurd spy.”

  “ Who found a mare’s nest and got
his head thumped,” remarked Jervis.

  “ Then,” continued Thorndyke,
“ look at his behavior to Marchmont,
Evidently he put the case into March-
mont’s hands, but, equally evident;
he withheld material facts and secret-,
ly tinkered at the case himself. No,
Jervis, I give no information to Mr,
Wallis until I have this case complete
to the last rivet.

  “ But, all the same, I am greatly
obliged to him, and especially to
Marchmont for bringing him here. He
has given us a connected story to col-,
late with our rather loose collection of
facts and, what is perhaps more im-<
portant, he has put our investigation
on a business footing. That is a great
advantage. If I should want to invoke
the aid of the powers that be, I can do
so now with a definite locus standi as
the legal representative of interested
parties.”

  “ I can’t imagine,” said I, “ in what
direction you are going to push your
inquiries. Mr. Wallis has given us, as
you say, a connected story, but it is a
very unexpected one, to me, at least,
and does not fall into line at all with
what we know; that is, if you are as-
suming, as I have been, that the man
whom I saw lying in Millfield Lane
was John Anson.”

  “ It is difficult,” replied Thorndyke,
“ to avoid that assumption, though we
must be on our guard against coinci-
dences; but the man whom you saw
agreed with the description that has
been given to us; we know that Anson
was in the neighborhood on .that day,
A SILENT WITNESS.

65

and you found the locket on the follow-
ing morning in the immediate vicinity.
We seem to be committed to the
hypothesis that the man was Anson un-
less we can prove that he was some one
else, or that Anson was in some other
place at the time, which, at present, we
cannot.”

  “ Then,” said I, “ in that case the
policeman must have been right, after
all. The man couldn’t have been dead,
seeing that he called on Marchmont
the following day and was afterward
traced to Paris. But I must say that
he looked as dead as Queen Anne. It
just shows how careful one ought to
be in giving opinions.”

  “ Some authority has said,” re-
marked Jervis, “ that the only conclu-
sive proof of death is decomposition.
I believe it was old Taylor who said
so, and I am inclined to think that he
wasn’t far wrong.”

  “ But,” said Thorndyke, “ assuming
that the man whom you saw was An-
son and that he was not dead, how do
you explain the other circumstances?
Was he insensible from the effects of
injury or drugs? Or was he deliberate-
ly shamming insensibility? Was it he
who passed over the fence? And, if so,
did he climb over unassisted, or was
he helped over?

  “ And what answers do you suggest
to the questions that Marchmont pro-
pounded? You answer his first ques-
tion, * Is Anson alive ? ’ in the affirma-
tive. What about the others? ”

  “ As to where he is,” I replied, “ I
can only say, the Lord knows; prob-
ably skulking somewhere on the Con-
tinent. As to his state of mind, the
facts seem to suggest that, in vulgar
parlance, he has gone off his onion. He
must be as mad as a hatter to have be-
haved in the way that he has. For,
even assuming that he wanted to get
clear of Wallis and the orphanage with-
out explicitly saying so, he adopted a
fool’s plan. There is no sense in mas-
querading as a corpse one day and
turning up smiling at your lawyer’s
office the next. If he meant to be dead,,

    5	a-s c

he should have stuck to it and re-
mained dead.”

  “ The objection to that,” said Jervis,
“ is that Marchmont would have pro-
ceeded to get permission to presume
death and administer the will.”

  “ I see. Then I can only suppose
that he had got infected by Wallis and
resolved to be artful at all costs and
hang the consequences.”

  “ Then,” said Thorndyke, “ I under-
stand your view to be that Anson is at
present hiding somewhere on the Con-
tinent, and that his mind is more or less
affected ? ”

  “ Yes. Though as to his being unfit
to control his own affairs, I am not so
clear. I fancy there was more evi-
dence in that direction when he was
forking out the bulk of his income to
maintain a sort of international reposi-
tory for female orphans. But the truth
is, I haven’t any opinions on the case
at all. I am in a complete fog about
the whole affair.”

  “ And no wonder,” said Jervis.
“ One set of facts seems to suggest
most strongly that Anson must certain-
ly be dead. Another set of facts seems
to prove beyond doubt that he was alive
*—at least after that affair in Millfield
Lane. He may be perpetrating an ele-
phantine practical joke on Wallis and
the orphans; but that doesn’t seem to
be particularly probable. The whole
case is a tangle of contradictions which
one might regard as beyond unravel-
ment, if it were not for a single clear
and intelligible fact.”

  “ What is that? ” I asked.

' “ That my revered senior has under-t
taken to furiiish a solution in the course
of a month; from which I gather that
my revered senior has something up
his sleeve.”

  “ There is nothing up my sleeve,”
said Thorndyke, “ that might not
equally well be up yours. I have made
no separate investigations. The actual
data which I possess were acquired in
the presence of one or both of you,
and are now the common property of
us all. I am referring, of course, to
66

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

the original data, not to fresh matter
obtained by inference from or further
examination of those data.”

  Jervis smiled sardonically.

  “ It is the old story,” said he. “ The
magician offers you his hat to inspect.

‘ You observe, ladies and gentlemen,
that there is no deception. You may
look inside it and examine the lining,
and you can also inspect the top of my
head. I now put on my hat. I now
take it off again, and you notice that
there, is a guinea-pig sitting in it.
There was no deception, ladies and
gentlemen; you had all the data.’ ”
Thorndyke laughed and shook his
head.

  “ That’s all nonsense, Jervis,” he
said. “ It is a false analogy. I have
done nothing to divert your attention.
The guinea-pig has been staring you in
the face all the time.”

  “ Very rude of him,” murmured
Jervis.

  “ I have even drawn your attention
to him once or twice. But, seriously,
I don't think that this case is so very
obscure ‘ though, mind you, it is a mere
hypothesis, so far as I am concerned,
and may break down completely when
I come to apply the tests that I have in
view. But what I mean is that the
facts known to us suggested a very
obvious hypothesis, and that the sug-
gestion was offered equally to us all.
The verification may fail, but that is
another matter.”

  “ Are you going to work at the case
immediately?” I asked.

  “ No,” Thorndyke replied. “ Jervis
and I have to attend at the Maidstone
Assizes for the next few days. We
are retained on a case which involves
some very important issues in relation
to life assurance, and that will take up
most of our time. So this other affair
will have to wait.”

  “ And meanwhile,” said Jervis,
“ you will stay at home like a good boy
and mind the shop; and I suppose we
shall have to find you something to do
to keep you out of mischief. What
do you say to making a long-hand

transcript of friend Wallis’s state-
ment ? ”

  “ Yes, you had better do that,” said
Thorndyke, “ and attach it to the orig-
inal short-hand copy. And now we
must really turn in, or we shall never
be ready for our start in the morning.”

  The transcription of Mr. Wallis’s
statement gave me abundant occupa-
tion for the whole of the following
morning. But when that was finished
I was without any definite employment;
and though I was not in the least dull—
for I was accustomed to a solitary life
•—I suppose I was in that state of sus-
ceptibility to mischief that is pro-
verbially associated with unemploy-
ment.

  And in these untoward circum-
stances I was suddenly exposed to a
great temptation and, after some
feeble efforts at resistance, succumbed
ignominiously.

  I shall offer no excuses for my con-
duct nor seek in any way to mitigate
the judgment that all discreet persons
will pass upon my folly. I make no
claims to discretion or to the caution
and foresight of a man like Thorn-
dyke.

  At this time I was an impulsive and
rather heedless young man, and my
actions were pretty much those which
might have been expected from a per-
son of such temperament.

  The voice of the tempter issued, in
the first place, from our letter-box and
assumed the sound of the falling of
letters thereinto. I hastened to extract
the catch, and sorting out the en-
velopes, selected one the superscription
of which was in Sylvia’s now familiar
handwriting.

  It was actually addressed to Dr.
Thorndyke, but a privafe mark, on
which we had agreed, exposed that
naively pious fraud and gave me the
right to open it; which I did, and
seated myself in the armchair to enjoy
its perusal at my ease.

  It was a delightful letter, bright,
gossipy, and full of frank and intimate
friendliness. As I read it the trim.
A SILENT WITNESS.

67

graceful figure and pretty face of the
writer rose before me and made me
wonder a little discontentedly how long
it would be before I should look on her
and hear her voice again.

  It was now getting into the third
week since I had last seen her, and as
the time passed I was feeling more and
more how great a blank in my life the
separation from her had caused.

  Our friendship had grown up in a
quiet and unsensational fashion, and I
suppose I had not realized all that it
meant; but I was realizing it now. As
I conned over her letter, with its little
personal notes and familiar turns of
expression, I began to be consumed
with a desire to see her, to hear her
speak, to tell her that she was not as
other women to me, and to claim a like
special place in her thoughts.

  It was toward the end of the letter
that the tempter spoke out in clear and
unmistakable language, and these were
the words that he used, through the
medium of the innocent and uncon-
scious Sylvia:

  You remember those sketches that you
stole for me—“ pinched,” I think was your
own expression? Well, I have cleaned off
the daubs of paint with which they had
been disfigured and put them in rough
frames in my studio.

  All but one, and I began on that yester-
day with a scraper and a rag dipped in
chloroform. But I took off not only the
defacing marks, but part of the surface as
well; and then I got such a surprise! I
shan’t tell you what the surprise was, be-
cause you’ll see when you come out of the
house of bondage.

  I am going to work on it again to-mor-
row, and perhaps I shall get the transfor-
mation finished. How I wish you could
come and see it done! It takes away more
than half the joy of exploration not to be
able to share the discovery with you; in
fact, I have a good mind to leave it un-
finished so that we can complete the trans-
formation together.

  Now, I need not say that as to the
precious sketches I cared not a fig what
was under the top coat of paint. What
I did care for was that this dear maid
was missing me as I missed her; was
wanting my sympathy with her little

interests and pleasures, and was tell-*
ing me, half unconsciously, perhaps,
that my absence had created a blank
in her life as her absence had in mine.

  And forthwith I began to ask my-
self whether there was really any good
reason why I should not, just for this
once, break out of my prison and
snatch a few brief hours of sunshine.

  The spy had been exploded. He was
not likely to pick up my tracks after
all this time, and now that my appear-
ance was so altered; and I did not care
much if he did, seeing that he had
been shown to be perfectly harmless.

  The only circumstances that tended
to restrain me from this folly was the
one that mitigated its rashness — the
change in my appearance; and even
that, now that I was used to it and
knew that my aspect was neither gro-
tesque nor ridiculous, had little weight,
for Sylvia would be prepared for the
change and we could enjoy the joke
together,

  I was aware, even at the time, that
I was not being quite candid with
myself, for if I had been I should ob-
viously have consulted Thorndyke.

  Instead of which I answered the let-i
ter by return, announcing my inten-
tion of coming to tea on the following
day; and having sent Polton out to
post it, spent the remainder of the
afternoon in gleeful anticipation of my
little holiday, tempered by some nerv-
ousness as to what Thorndyke would
have to say on the matter, and as to
what “ my pretty friend,” as Mrs. Sam-
way had very appropriately called her,
would think of my having begun my
letter with the words, “ My dear
Sylvia.”

  Nothing happened to interfere with,
my nefarious plans.

  On the following morning Thorn-
dyke and Jervis went off after an early
breakfast, leaving me in possession of
the premises and master of my actions.

  I elected to anticipate the usual
luncheon time by half an hour, and,
when this meal was disposed of, I
crept to my room and thoroughly
68

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

cleansed my hair of the grease which
Polton still persisted in applying to it,
for, since my hat would conceal it
while I was out of doors, the added
disfigurement was unnecessary.

  I was even tempted to tamper slight-
ly with my eyebrows, but this impulse
I nobly resisted, and, having dried my
hair and combed it in its normal fash-
ion, I descended on tiptoe to the sit-
ting-room and wrote a short, explana-
tory note to Polton, which I left
conspicuously on the table.

  Then I switched the door-bell on to
the laboratory, and letting myself out
like a retreating burglar, closed the
door silently and sneaked away down
the dark staircase.

  Once fairly outside I went off like a
lamplighter and, shooting out through
the Tudor Street gate, made my way
eastward to Broad Street station,
where I was fortunate enough to catch
a train that was just on the point of
starting.

  At Hampstead Heath station I got
out, and snuffing the air joyfully, set
forth at my best pace up the slope that
leads to the summit. In little over
twenty minutes I found myself at the
gate of “ The Hawthorns.”

  There was no need to knock or ring.
My approach had been observed from
the window and, as I strode up the
garden path the door opened and Syl-
via ran out to meet me.

  “ It was nice of you to come! ” she
exclaimed as I took her hand and held
it in mine. “ I don’t believe youi ought
to have ventured out, but I am most
delighted all the same. Don’t make a
noise; Mopsy is having a little doze in
the drawing-room. Come into the
morning-room and let me have a good
look at you.”

  I, followed her meekly into the front
room, where in the large bay window
she inspected me critically, her cheeks
dimpling with a mischievous smile.

  “ There’s something radically
wrong about your eyebrows,” she said,
“ but, really, you are not in the least
the fright that you made out. As to

the beard and mustache, I am not sure
that I don’t rather like them.”

  “ I hope you don’t,” I replied, “ be-
cause, off they come at the first oppor-
tunity—unless, of course, you forbid
it.”

  “ Does my opinion of your appear-
ance matter so much, then ? ”

  “ It matters entirely. I don’t care
what I look like to any one else.”

  " Oh! What a fib! ” exclaimed
Sylvia. “ Don’t I remember how very
neatly turned out you always were
when you used to pass me in the lane
before we knew one another? ”

  “ Exactly,” I retorted. “We didn’t
know one another then. That makes
all the difference in the world—to me,
at any rate.”

   “ Does it ? ” she said, coloring a lit-
tle and looking at me thoughtfully.
“ It’s very—very flattering of you to
say so, Dr. Jardine.”

  “ I ■ hope you don’t mean that as a
snub,” I said, rather uneasy at the
form of her reply and thinking of my
letter.

  “A snub! ” she exclaimed. “ No, I
certainly don’t. What did I say?”

  “ You called me Dr. Jardine. I ad-
dressed you in my letter as ‘ Sylvia ’—■

*	My dear Sylvia

  “ And what ought I to have said ? ”
she asked, blushing warmly and cast-
ing down her eyes.

  “Well, Sylvia, if you liked me as
well as I like you, I don’t see why you
shouldn’t call me Humphrey. We are
quite old friends now.”

  “ So we are,” she agreed; “ and
perhaps it would be less formal. So
Humphrey it shall be in future, since
that is your royal command. But tell
me, how did you prevail on Dr. Thorn-
dyke to let you come here? Is there
any change in the situation ? ”

  “ There’s a change in my situation,
and a mighty agreeable change, too.
I’m here.”

  “ Now don’t be silly. How did you
persuade Dr. Thorndyke to let you
come ? ”

  “ Ha — that, my dear Sylvia, is a
A SILENT .WITNESS.

69

rather embarrassing question. Shall
we change the subject? ”

  “ No, we won’t.”

  She looked at me suspiciously for a
moment and then exclaimed in low,
tragical tones:

  “Humphrey! You don’t mean to
tell me that you came away without
his knowledge ? ”

  “ I’m afraid that is what it amounts
to. I saw a loophole and I popped
through it; and here I am, as I re-
marked before.”

  “ But how dreadful of you! Per-
fectly shocking! And whatever will
he say to you when you go back ? ”

  “ That is a question that I am not
proposing to present vividly to my
consciousness until I arrive on the
doorstep. I've broken out of chokee
and I'm going to have a good time—
to go on having a good time, I should
say.”

  “ Then you consider that you are
having a good time now? ”

  “ I don’t consider. I am sure of it.
Am I not at this very moment looking
at you ? And what more could a man
desire ? ”

  She tried to look severe, though the
attempt was not strikingly successful,
and retorted in an admonishing tone:
“ You needn’t try to wheedle me
with compliments. You are a very
wicked person and most indiscreet. But
it seems to me that some sort of change
has come over you since you retired
from the world. Am I not right?”
“ You’re perfectly right. I’ve im-
proved. That’s what it is. Matured
and mellowed, you know, like a bottle
of claret that has been left in a cellar
and forgotten. Say you think I’ve im-
proved, Sylvia.”

  “ I won’t,” she replied; and then,
changing her mind, she added: “ Yes,
I will. I’ll say that you are more in-
sinuating than ever, if that will do.
And now, as you are clearly quite in-
corrigible, I won’t scold you any more,
especially as you 1 broke out of cho-
kee ’ to come and see me. You shall
tell me all about your adventures.”

  “I didn’t come here to talk about
myself, Sylvia. I came to tell you
something—well, about myself, per-
haps, but—er—not my adventures you
know or—or that sort of thing—but,
I have been thinking a good deal since
I have been alone so much—about you,
I mean, Sylvia—and—er— Oh! the
deuce! ”

  The latter exclamation was evoked
by the warning voice of the gong, evi-
dently announcing tea, and the subse-
quent appearance of the housemaid.
She was certainly not such a goose as
she was supposed to be, for she tapped
discreetly at the door and waited three
full seconds before entering; and even
then she appeared demurely uncon-
scious of my existence.

  “If you please, Miss Sylvia, Miss
Vyne has woke up and I’ve taken in
the tea.”

  Such was the paltry interruption
that arrested the flow of my eloquence
and scattered my flowers of rhetoric
to the winds.

  I murmured inwardly, “ Blow the
tea!” for the opportunity was gone;’
but I comforted myself with the re-
flection that it didn’t matter very much
since Sylvia and I seemed to have ar-
rived at a pretty clear understanding,
which understanding was further
clarified by a momentary contact of
our hands as we followed the maid to
the drawing-room.

  Miss Vyne on this occasion, as on
the last, was1 seated in the exact center
of the room, and with the same monu-
mental effect; so that my thoughts
were borne irresistibly to the ethno-
graphical section of the British Mu-
seum, and especially to that part of it
wherein the deities of Polynesia look
out from1 their cases in perennial sur-
prise at the degenerate European
visitors.

  If she had been asleep previously
she was wide enough awake now; but
the glittering eyes were not directed
at me. From the moment of our en-
tering the room they focused them-
selves on Sylvia’s face and there re*

\
70

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

mained riveted, whereby the heighten-
ing of that young lady’s complexion
which our interview had produced be-
came markedly accentuated.

  It was to no purpose that I placed
myself before the rigid figure and of-
fered my hand. A paw was lifted
automatically to mine, but the eyes
remained fixed on Sylvia.

  “ What did you say this gentleman’s
name was ? ” the waxwork asked
frigidly.

  “ This is Dr. Jardine,” was the
reply.

  “ Oh, indeed. And who was the
gentleman who called some three
weeks ago?”

  “Why, that was Dr. Jardine; you
know it was.”

  “ So I thought, but my memory is
not very reliable. And this is a Dr.
Jardine, too? Very interesting. A
medical family, apparently. But not
much alike.”

  I was beginning to explain my iden-
tity and the cause of my altered ap-
pearance, when Sylvia approached
with a cup of tea and a carefully dis-
sected muffin, which latter she thrust
under the nose of the elder lady, who
regarded it attentively and with a
slight squint, owing to its nearness.

  “ It’s of no use, you know,” said
Sylvia, “ for you to pretend that you
don’t know him, because I’ve told you
all about the transformation—that is,
all I know myself. Don’t you think
it’s rather a clever make-up ? ”

  “ If,” said Miss Vyne, “ by * make-
up ’ you mean a disguise, I think it is
highly successful. The beard is a
most admirable imitation.”

  “ Oh, the beard is his own—at
least, I think it is.”

  I confirmed this statement, ignoring
Polton’s slight additions.

  “ Indeed,” said Miss Vyne. “ Then
the wig—it is a wig, I suppose ? ”

  “ No, of course it isn’t,” Sylvia
replied.

  “Then,” said Miss Vyne majestic-
ally, “ perhaps you will explain to me
what the disguise consists of.”

  “ Well,” said Sylvia, “ there are the
eyebrows. You can see that they have
been completely altered in shape.”

  “ If I had committed the former
shape of the eyebrows to memory, as
you appear to have done,” said Miss
Vyne, “ I should, no doubt, observe
the change. But I did not. It seems
to me that the disguise which you told
me about with such a flourish of
trumpets just amounts to this: that
Dr. Jardine has allowed his beard to
grow. I find the reality quite disap-
pointing.”

  “Do you?” said Sylvia. “But, at
any rate, you didn’t recognize him;
so your disappointment doesn’t count
for much.”

  The old lady, being thus hoist with
her own petard, relapsed into majestic
'silence, and Sylvia then renewed her
demand for an account of my adven-
tures.

  “ We want to hear all about that
objectionable person who has been
shadowing you, and how you finally
got rid of him. Your letters were
rather sketchy and wanting in detail,
so you have got to make up the defi-
ciency now.”

  Thus commanded, I plunged into an
exhaustive account of those events
which I have already chronicled at
length and which I need not refer to
again, nor need I. record the cross-
examination to which I was subjected,
since it elicited nothing that is not set
forth in the preceding pages.

  When I had finished my recital,
however, Miss Vyne, who had listened
to it in silence hitherto, put a question
which I had some doubts about an-
swering.

  “ Have you or Dr. Thorndyke been
able to discover who this inquisitive
person is and what is his object in
following you about ? ”

  I hesitated. As to my own experi-
ences, I had no secrets from these
friends of mine, excepting those that
related to the subjects of Thorndyke’s
investigations. But I must not come
here and babble about what took place
A SILENT WITNESS.

71

in the sacred precincts of my princi-
pal’s chambers.

  “ I think I may tell you,” said I,
“ that Dr. Thorndyke has discovered
the identity of this man and that he is
not the person whom we suspected
him to be. But I mustn’t say any
more, as the information came through
professional channels and consequent-
ly is not mine to give.”

  “ Of course you mustn’t,” said
Sylvia; “ though I don’t mind admit-
ting that you have put me on tenter-
hooks of curiosity. But I dare say
you will be able to tell us everything
later.”

  I agreed that I probably should;
and the talk then turned into fresh
channels.

  The short winter day was running
out apace. The daylight had long
since gone, and I began with infinite
reluctance to think of returning to my
cage. Indeed when I looked at my
watch I was horrified to see how the
time had fled.

  “ My word! ” I exclaimed. s< I
must be off, or Thorndyke will be
putting the sleuth-hounds of the law
on my track. And I don’t know what
you will think of me for having
stayed such an unconscionable time.”

  “ It isn’t a ceremonial visit,” said
Sylvia, as I rose and made my adieus
to her aunt. “ We should have liked
you to stay much longer.”

  Here she paused suddenly and,
clasping her hands, gazed at me with
an expression of dismay.

  “ Good Heavens! Humphrey! ”
she exclaimed.

  “ Eh? ” said Miss Vyne.

  “ I was addressing Dr. Jardine,”
Sylvia explained in some confusion.

  “ I didn’t suppose you were address-
ing me,” was the withering reply.

  “ Do you^ know,” said Sylvia,
“ that I haven’t shown you those
sketches, after all? You must see
them. They were the special object
of your visit! ”

  This was perfectly untrue, and she
knew it; but I did not think it worth

while to contest the statement in Miss
Vyne’s presence.

  Accordingly I expressed the utmost
eagerness to see the trumpery sketches,
and the more so since I had under-
stood that they were on view in the
studio, which turned out to be the
case.

  “ It won’t take a minute for you to
see them,” said Sylvia. “ I’ll just run
up and light the gas; and you are not
to come in until I tell you.”

  She preceded me up the stairs to the
little room on the first floor, in which
she worked, and when I had waited a
few moments on the landing she sum-
moned me to enter.

  “ These are the sketches,” said she,
“ that I have finished. You see, they
are quite presentable now. I cleaned
off the rough daubs of paint with a
scraper and finished up with a soft
rag dipped in chloroform.”

  I ran my eye over the framed
sketches, which, now that the canvases
were strained on stretchers and the
disfiguring brush - strokes removed,
were, as she had said, quite present-
able, though too rough and unfinished
to be attractive.

  “ I dare say they are very interest-
ing,” said I, “ but they are only bare
beginnings. I shouldn’t have thought
them worth framing.”

  “ Not as pictures,” she agreed,
“ but as examples of a very curious
technique I find them most instructive.
Hpwever, you haven’t seen the real
gem of the collection. This is it, on
the easel. Sit down on the chair and
say when you are ready. I’m going
to give you a surprise.”

  I seated myself on the chair oppo-
site the easel, on which was a canvas
with its back toward me.

  “ Now,” said Sylvia. “ Are you
ready? One, two, three! ”

  She picked up the canvas and, turn-
ing it round quickly, presented its
face to me.

  I don’t know what I had expected;
but certainly I was not in the least pre-
pared for what I saw.

\
72

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

  The sketch had originally repre-
sented. very roughly, a dark mass of
trees which occupied nearly the whole
of the canvas; but of this the middle
had been cleaned away, exposing an
under painting.

  And this it was that filled me with
such amazement that, after a first
startled exclamation, I could do noth-
ing but stare open-mouthed at the
canvas.

  For, from the opening in the dark
mass of foliage there looked out at
me, distinct and unmistakable, the
face of Mrs. Samway.

  It was no illusion or chance resem-
blance. Rough as the painting was,
the likeness was excellent.

  All the well-known features which
made her so different from other
women were there, though expressed
by a mere dexterous turn of the knife;
the jet-black, formally parted hair, the
clear, bright complexion, the pale, in-
scrutable eyes; all were there, even to
the steady, penetrating expression that
looked out at me -from the canvas as
if in silent recognition.

  As I sat staring at the picture with
a surprise that almost amounted to
awe, Sylvia looked at me a little
blankly.

  “ Well! ” she exclaimed at length.
“ I meant to give you a surprise, but
—what is it, Humphrey? Do you
know her? ”

  “Yes,” I replied; “and so do you.
Don’t you remember a woman who
looked in at you through the glass
door of Robinson’s shop ? ”

  “ Do you mean that black and scar-
let creature? I didn’t recognize her.
I had no idea she was so handsome,
for this is really a very beautiful face,
though there is something about it that
I don’t understand. Something—well,
eery—rather uncanny and almost sin-
ister. Don’t you think so? ”

  “ I have always thought her a
rather weird woman, but this is the
weirdest appearance she had made.
How on earth came her face on that
canvas ? ”

  “ It is an odd coincidence. And yet
I don’t know that it is. She may have
been some relative of that rather
eccentric artist, or even his wife. I
don’t know why it shouldn’t be so.”

  Neither did I. But the coincidence
remained a very striking one to me at
least, much more so than Sylvia real-
ized, though what its significance
might be—if it had any—I could not
guess.

  Nor was there any opportunity to
discuss it at the moment, for it was
high time for me to be gone.

  “ You will send me a telegram when
you get back to say that you have ar-
rived home safely, won’t you?” said
Sylvia as we descended the stairs with
our arms linked together. “ Of course
nothing is going to happen to you, but
I can’t help feeling a little nervous.
And you’ll go down to the station by
the High Street and keep to the main
roads? You will give that as a prom-
ise. won’t you ? ”

  I made the promise readily, having
decided previously to take every pos-
sible precaution. When I had wished
Sylvia “ good-by ” at some length, I
proceeded to execute it, making my
way down the well-populated High
Street and keeping a bright lookout
both there and at the station.

  Once more I was fortunate in the
matter of trains, and, having taken a
hansom from Broad Street to the
Temple, was set down in King’s
Bench Walk soon after half past six.
As I approached our building I looked
up with some anxiety at the sitting-
room windows; and when I saw them
brightly lighted a suspicion that Thorn-
dyke had returned earlier than usual
filled me with foreboding.

  I had had my dance and now I was
going to pay the piper, and I did not
much enjoy the prospect; in fact, as I
ascended the stairs and took my latch-
key from my pocket I was as nervous
as a schoolboy who has been playing
truant.

  However, there was no escape unless
I sneaked up to my bedroom, so, in-
A SILENT WITNESS.

73

serting the key into the lock, I turned
it as boldly as I could and entered.

CHAPTER XVIII.
A Visitor from the States.

As I pushed open the inner door and
entered the room I conceived the
momentary hope of a reprieve from
the wrath to come.

  I found my two.friends in what was
evidently a business consultation with
a stranger, and was on the point of
backing out when Thorndyke stopped
me.

  “ Don’t run away, Howard,” said
he. “ There are no secrets being dis-
closed—at least, I think not. We have
finished wTith your affairs, Mr. O’Don-
nell, haven’t we ? ”

  “Yes, doctor,” was the answer;
“ you’ve run me dry, with the excep-
tion of your own little business.”

  “ Then come in and sit down, How-
ard. and let me present you to Mr.
O’Donnell, who is a famous American
detective and has been telling us all
sorts of wonderful things.”

  Mr. O’Donnell paused in the act of
returning a quantity of papers to a
large attache-case and offered his
hand.

  “ The doctor,” he remarked, “ is»
blowing his trumpet at the wrong end.
I haven’t come here to give informa-
tion, but to get advice. But I guess I
needn’t tell you that.”

   “ I hope that isn’t quite true.” said
Thorndyke. “ You spoke just now of
my little business; haven’t you any-
thing to tell me ? ”

  “ I have: but I fancy it isn’t what
you wanted to hear. However, we’ll
just have a look at your letter to Curtis
and take your questions one by one.
By the way, what made you write to
Curtis? ”

  “ I saw when I inspected Maddock’s
will at Somerset House that he. had
left a small legacy to Curtis. Nat-
urally I inferred that Curtis knew him
and could tell me something of him:”

  “ It struck you as a bit queer, I
guess, that he should be leaving a
legacy to the head of an American
detective agency.”

  “ The circumstance suggested possi-
bilities,” Thorndyke admitted.
O’Donnell laughed.

  “ I can guess what possibilities sug-
gested themselves to you, if you knew
Maddock. Your letter and the law-
yer’s, announcing the legacy, came
within a mail or two of one another.
Curtis showed them both to me and
we grinned. We took it for granted
that the worthy testator was foxing
But we were wrong. And so are you,
if that is what you thought.”

  “ You assumed that the will was not
a genuine one? ”

  “ Yes; we thought it was a fake, put
up with the aid of some shyster to
bluff us into giving up Mr. Maddock
as deceased. So, as I had to come
across about these other affairs. Curtis
suggested that I should look into the
matter. And a considerable surprise
I got when I did; for the will is per-
fectly regular and so is everything else.
That legacy was a sort of posthumous
joke, I guess.”

  “ Then do I understand that Mr.
Curtis was not really a friend of Mad-
dock’s?”

  O’Donnell chuckled.

  “ Not exactly a friend, doctor,” said
he. “ He felt the warmest interest in
Maddock’s welfare, but they weren’t
what you might call bosom friends.
The position was this: Curtis was the
chief of our detective agency; Mad-
dock was a gentleman whom he had
been looking for and not finding for
a matter of ten years. At last he
found him, and then he lost him again:
and this legacy, I take it, was a sort
of playful hint to show which hole
he’d gone down.”

  “ Was Maddock in hiding all that
time ? ” asked Thorndyke.

  “ In hiding! ” repeated O’Donnell.
“ Bless your innocent heart, doctor, he
had a nice, convenient studio in one of
the best blocks in New York, a couple
74

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

of doors from our agency, and he used
to send us cards for his private views.
No, sir, our dear, departed friend was
not the-kind that lurks out of sight in
cellars or garrets. It was Maddock,
sure enough, that Curtis wanted, only
he didn’t know it. But I guess I’m
fogging you. I’d best answer the
questions that you put to Curtis.

  “ First, do we know anything about
Maddock? Yes, we do. But we didn’t
know that his name was Maddock un-
til a few months ago. Isaac Van
Damme was the name we knew him
by, and it seems that he had one or
two other names that he used on oc-
casion.

  “ We now know that the gay Isaac
was a particularly versatile kind of
crook; and a mighty uncommon kind,
too, the Lord be praised! for if there
were many more like him we should
have to raise our prices some. He
wasn’t the kind of fool that makes a
million-dollar coup and then goes on
the razzle and drops it all. That sort
of man is easy enough to deal with.
When he’s loaded up with dollars
everybody knows it, and he’s sure to
be back in a week or two. with empty
pockets, ready for another scoop.

  “ Isaac wasn’t that sort. When he
made a little pile he invested his win-
nings like a sensible man, and didn’t
live beyond his means; and the only
mystery to me is that when he died
he didn’t leave more pickings. I see
from his will—which I’ve had a look
at—that the whole estate couldn’t have
been above five thousand dollars. He
had a lot more than that at one time.”

  “ He may have disposed of the bulk
of his property by gift just before his
death,” Jervis suggested.

  “ That’s possible,” agreed O’Don-
nell. “ He’d escape the death dues that
way. However, to return to his en- '
gaging little ways. His leading line
was penmanship—forgery-—and he did
it to an absolute finish. He was the
most expert penman that I have ever
known.

  “ But where he had us all was that

he didn’t only know how to write ati-<
other man’s name; he knew zvhcn tc>
write it. I reckon that the great bulk:
of his forgeries were never spotted at'
all, and of the remainder very few got
beyond the bare suspicion that they
were forgeries. In the case of the few
that were actually spotted as forgeries*
his tracks were covered up so cleverly
that no one could guess who the
forger was.”

  “ And how did you come to sus-s
pect him eventually ? ” Thorndyke
asked

  “Ah!” said O’Donnell. “ Ther^
you are. Every crook, even the clevn
erest, has a strain of the fool in him^
Isaac’s folly took the form of suspi-i
cion. He suspected us of suspecting
him. We didn’t; but he thought we
did, and then he started to dodge and
make some false clues for us.

  “ That drew our attention to him.;
We looked into his record, traced his
little wanderings, and then we began;
to find things out A nice collection
there was, too, by the time we had
worked a month or two at his biogn
raphy—forgeries, false notes, and at:
least two murders that had been a
complete mystery to us all. We made
ready to drop on Isaac, but at that:
psychological moment he disappeared.;

  “ It looked as if he had left the
States, and, as we have no great afi
fection for extradition cases, we let
the matter rest, more or less, expect-;
ing that he would turn up again,
sooner or later. And then came this
lawyer’s letter and yours, announcing
his decease. Of course, Curtis and I
thought he was at the old game; that
it was a bit of that sort of extra cau->
tion that won’t let well enough alone.:

  “ So as I was coming over I thought
I’d just look into the affair as I told
you, and to my astonishment I found
everything perfectly regular: the will
properly proved, the death certificate
made out correctly, and a second cer-
tificate signed by two doctors.”

  “ Did you go into the question gl
identity?” asked Thorndyke.
A SILENT WITNESS.

75

  “ Oh, yes! I called on one of -the
doctors, a man named Batson, and
ascertained that it was 'all correct.
Batson’s eyesight seemed to be none
of the best, but he made it quite clear
to me that his late patient was cer-
tainly our friend Isaac, or Maddock.

  “ So that’s the end of the case. And
if you want to go into it any further
you’ve got to deal with a little pile of
bone-ash, for our friend is not only
dead—he’s cremated. That’s enough
for us. We don’t follow our clients
to the next world. We are not so
thorough as you seem to be.”

  “You are flattering me unduly,”
said Thorndyke. “ I’m not so thor-
ough as that, but our clients when
they betake themselves to the happy
hunting-ground usually leave a few of
their friends behind to continue their
activities. Do you happen to know
what Maddock’s original occupation
was ? Had he any profession ? ”

  “He was originally an engraver,
and a very skilful engraver, too, I un-
derstand. That was what made him
so handy in working the flash-note
racket. Then he went on the stage for
a time, and didn’t do badly at that;
but I fancy he was more clever at
making-up and mimicry than at act-
ing in the dramatic sense.

  “ For the last ten years or so he
was practising as a painter — chiefly
of landscape, though he could do a
figure subject or a portrait at a pinch.
I don’t fancy he sold much, or made
any great efforts to sell his work. He
liked painting and the art covered his
real industries, for he used to tour
about in search of subjects and so
open up fresh ground for the little
operations that actually produced his
income.”

  “ Was his work of any considerable
merit ? ” Thorndyke asked.

  “ Well, in a way, yes. It was rather
in the American taste, though Mad-
dock was really an Englishman. Our
taste, as you know, runs to technical
smartness and novelty of handling;
and Maddock’s work was very pecul-

iar and remarkably smart and slick in
handling. He used the knife more
than the brush, and he used it uncom-
monly cleverly. In fact, he was un-
usually skilful in many ways; and
that’s the really surprising thing about
him when one considers his extraor-
dinary-looking paws.”

  “ What was there peculiar about
his hands? ” asked Thorndyke. “Were
they noticeably clumsy in appear-
ance ? ”

  “Clumsy!” exclaimed O’Donnell.
“ They were more than that. They
were positively deformed. A mon-
key’s hands would be delicate com-
pared with Maddock’s. They were
short and thick like the paws of an
animal. There’s some jaw-twisting
name for the deformity that he suf-
fered from —< bronchodactilious, or
something like that.”

  “ Brachydactylous,” suggested Dr.
Thorndyke.

  “ That’s the word, and I dare say
you know the sort of paw I mean. It
didn’t look a very likely hand for a
first-class penman and engraver of
flash notes, but you can’t always judge
by appearances.

  “ And now as to your other ques-
tions: You ask what Maddock was
like in appearance. I can only give
you the description which I gave to
Batson and which he recognized at
once.”

  “ Had he noticed the peculiarity of
the hands ? ” inquired Thorndyke.

  “ Yes. I asked him about it, and
he remembered having observed it
when he was attending Maddock.
Well, then, our friend was about five
feet nine in height, fairly broad and
decidedly strong, about fifty-five years
of age, of a medium complexion, with
gray eyes and nearly white hair.
That’s all I can tell you about him.”

  “ You haven’t got his finger-prints,
I suppose ?”

  “ No. He was never in prison, so
we had no chance of getting them.”

  “ Was he married ? ”

  “ He had been; but some years aga
76

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY,

his wife divorced him, or he divorced
her. Latterly he has lived as a bach-
elor.” ^

  “ There is nothing else that you can
think of as throwing light on his per-
sonality or explaining his actions ? ”

  “ Nothing at all, doctor. I’ve told
you all I know about him, and I only
hope the information may be more
useful than it looks to me.”

  H Thank you,” said Thorndyke.
“ Your information is not only use-
ful; I expect to find it quite valuable.
Reasoning, you know, Mr. O’Don-
nell,” he continued, “ is somewhat like
building an arch. On a supporting
mold the builder lays a number of
shaped stones, or voussoirs; but until
all the voussoirs are there it is a mere
collection of stone, incapable of bear-
ing its own weight. Then you drop
the last voussoir—the keystone—into
its place and the arch is complete; and
now you may take away the supports,
for it will not only bear its own
weight, but carry a heavy superstruc-
ture.”

  “ That’s so, doctor,” said O’Don-
nell. “ But, if I may ask, is this all
gratuitous wisdom or has it any par-
ticular bearing? ”

  “ It has this bearing,” replied Thorn-
dyke ; “ I have myself been for some
time past engaged, metaphorically, in
the building of an arch. When you
came here to-night it was but a collec-
tion of shaped and adjusted stones,
supported from without. With your
kind aid I have just dropped the key-
stone into its place. That is what I
mean.”

  The American thoughtfully ar-
ranged the papers in his case, casting
an occasional speculative glance at
Thorndyke.

  “ I’d like to know,” he said present-
ly, “ what it was that I told you. It
doesn’t seem to me that I have pro-
duced any startling novelties. How-
ever, I know it’s no use trying to
squeeze you, so I’ll get back to my
hotel and have a chew at what you’ve
told me.”

  He shook hands with us all round,
and when Thorndyke had let him out
we heard him bustling down-stairs
and away up King’s Bench Walk to-
ward Mitre Court.

  For a minute or more after his de-
parture none of us spoke. Thorn-
dyke was apparently ruminating on
his newly acquired information, and
Jervis and I on the statement that had
so naturally aroused the detective’s
curiosity.

  At length Jervis opened the inevi-
table debate.

  “ I be^in to see a glimmer of day-
light through the case of Septimus
Maddock, deceased,” said he, “ but it is
only a glimmer. Whereas, from what
you said to O’Donnell I gather that
you have the case quite complete.”

  “ Hardly that, Jervis,” was the re-
ply. “ I spoke metaphorically, and
metaphors are sometimes misleading.
Perhaps I overstated the case, so we
will drop metaphor and state the po-
sition literally in terms of good, plain,
school-book logic.

  “ It is this: We had certain facts
presented to us in connection with
Maddock’s death. For instance, we ob-
served that the cause of death was
obscure; that the body was utterly
destroyed by cremation, and that
Jardine, who was an unofficial witness
to some of the formalities, was subse-
quently pursued by some unknown
person with the unmistakable purpose
of murdering him.

  “ Those were some of the observed
facts, and the explanation of those
facts was the problem submitted to us

—	that is to say, we had to connect
those facts and supply others by de-
duction and research, so that they
should form a coherent and intelligi-
ble sequence, of which the motive for
murdering Jardine should form a part.

  “ Having observed and examined
our facts, we next propose a hypoth-
esis which shall explain them. In this
case it would naturally take the form
of a hypothetical reconstruction of the
circumstances of Maddock’s death.
A SILENT WITNESS.

77

That hypothesis must, of course, be in
complete agreement with all the facts
known to us, including the attempts to
murder Jardine.

  “ Then, having invented a hypoth-
esis which fits our facts completely,
the next stage is to verify it. If the
circumstances of Maddock’s death
were such as we have assumed, cer-
tain antecedent events must have oc-
curred and certain conditions must
have existed.

  “ We make the necessary inquiries
and investigations, and we find that
those events had actually occurred and
those conditions had actually existed.
Then it is probable that our hypoth-
esis is correct, particularly if our re-
searches have brought to light nothing
that disagrees with it.

  “ With our new facts we can prob-
ably amplify our hypothesis — recon-
struct it in greater detail — and then
we have to test and verify it afresh
in its amplified and detailed form.
And if such new tests still yield an
affirmative result, the confirmation of
the hypothesis becomes overwhelming-
ly strong. It is, however, still only
hypothesis. But perhaps we light on
some final test which is capable of
yielding a definite answer, yes or no.

  “If we apply that test — the * cru-
cial experiment ’ of the logicians —
and obtain an affirmative result, our
inquiry is at an end. It has passed out
of the region of hypothesis into that
of demonstrative proof.”

  “ And are we to understand,” asked
Jervis, “ that you have brought Mad-
dock's case to the stage of complete
demonstration ? ”

  “ No,” answered Thorndyke. " I
am still in the stage of hypothesis, and
when O’Donnell came here to - night
there were two points which I had
been unable to verify. But with his
aid I have been able to verify them
both, and I now have a complete
hypothesis of the case, which has been
tested exhaustively and answered every
test. All that remains is to apply the
touchstone of the final experiment.”

  ” I suppose,” said Jervis, “ you have
obtained a good many new facts in the
course of your investigations?”

  “ Not a great many,” replied Thorn-
dyke ; “ and what new data I have
obtained I have, for the most part,
communicated to you and Jardine. I
assure you, Jervis, that if you would
only concentrate your attention on the
case you have ample material for a
most convincing and complete elucida-
tion of it.”

  Jervis looked at me with a wry
smile.

  “ Now, Jardine-Howard,” said he,
“ why don’t you brush up your wits
and tell us exactly what happened to
the late Mr. Maddock, and why some
person unknown is so keen on your
vile body? You have all the facts,
you know.”

  “ So you tell me,” I retorted; “ but
this case of yours reminds me of those
elaborate picture puzzles that used to
weary my juvenile brain. You had
a hatful of irregular-shaped pieces
which, if you fitted them together,
made a picture. Only the beggars
wouldn’t fit together.”

  “ A very apt comparison,” said
Thorndyke. “ You put the pieces to-
gether, and if they made no intelligi-
ble part of a picture you knew you
were wrong, no matter how well they
seemed to fit. On the other hand, if
they seemed to make parts of a pic-
ture you had to verify the result by
finding pieces of the exact shape and
size of the empty spaces.

  “ That is what I have been doing in
this case, trying the data together and
watching to see if they made the ex-
pected picture. As I have told you,
O’Donnell’s visit found me with the
picture entire save for two empty
spaces of a particular shape and size,
and from him I obtained two pieces
that dropped neatly into those spaces
and made the picture complete. All
I have to do now is to see if the pic-
ture is a true representation or only a
consistent work of imagination.”

  “ I take it that you have worked the
78

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

case out in pretty full detail,” said
Jervis.

  “ Yes. If the final verification is
successful I shall be able to tell you
exactly what happened in Maddock’s
house, what was the cause of death—*
and I may say that it was not that
given in the certificates—who the per-
son is who has been pursuing Jardine
and what is his motive, together with
a number of other very curious items.

  “ And the mention of that person
reminds me that our friend has been
disporting himself in public, contrary
to advice and to what I thought was
a definite understanding.”

  “ But surely,” I said, “ it doesn’t
matter now. We have given that spy
chappie the slip, and, even if he hasn’t
given up the chase as hopeless, we
know that he is quite harmless.”

   Harmless! ” exclaimed Thorn-
dyke. “ Why, my dear fellow, he was
your guardian angel. Didn’t you real-
ize that from Mr. Wallis’s statement?
He shadowed you so closely that no
attack on you was possible; in fact, he
actually caught a rap on the head that
was apparently meant for you. You
were infinitely safer with him at your
heels than alone.”

  “ But we’ve given the other fellow
the slip, too,” I urged.

  “ We mustn’t take that for grant-
ed,” said Thorndyke. “ The French
detective, you remember, came on the
scene quite recently, whereas the other
man has been with us from the begin-
ning. He probably saw Jervis and me
enter the mineral-water works on the
night of the fire, for he was certainly
there; and he may even have followed
us home to ascertain who we were.

  “ There are several ways in which
he could have connected you with us
and traced you here, so I must urge
you most strongly not to venture out
of the precincts of the temple for the
next few days; in fact, it would be
much wiser to keep indoors altogether.
It will be only a matter of days unless
I get a quite unexpected setback, for
1 hope to have the case finally" com-

pleted in less than a week; and when
I do I shall take such action as will
give your friend some occupation
other than shadowing you.”

  “ Very well,” I said. “ I will prom-
ise not to attempt again to escape
from custody. But, all the same, my
little jaunt to-day has not been entire-
ly without result. I have picked up
a new fact, and a rather curious one,
I think. What should you say if I
suggested that Mrs. Samway was the
wife of that eccentric artist who used
to paint on the Heath? The man, I
mean, who always worked in gloves ? ”
“ I have assumed that she was in
some such relation to him,” replied
Thorndyke, “ but I should like to hear
the evidence.

  “ Mrs. Samway,” Jervis said in a
reflective tone, “ isn’t that the hand-
some, uncanny-looking lady with the
mongoose eyes, who reminded me of
Lucrezia Borgia? ”

  “ That is the lady. Well, I met
with a portrait of her to-day which
was evidently the work of the man
with the gloves,” and here I gave
them a description of the portrait and
an account of the odd way in which
it had been disinterred from the land-
scape that had been painted over it,
to which they listened with attention.

  “ It’s a queer incident,” said Thorn-
dyke, “ and quite dramatic. If one
were inclined to be superstitious one
might imagine some invisible agency
uncovering the. tracks that have been
so carefully hidden and working un-
seen in the interests of justice.

  “ But haven’t you rather jumped to
your conclusion? The existence of
the portrait establishes a connection,
but not necessarily that of husband
and wife.”

  “ I only suggested the relationship;
but it seemed a likely one, as the por-
trait had been painted over and thrown
into the rubbish-box.”

  Jervis laughed sardonically, and
even Thorndyke’s impassive face re-
laxed into a smile.

  " Our young friend,” said the for-
A SILENT WITNESS.

79

mer, “ doesn’t take as favorable a
view of the married state as one might
expect from a gay Lothario who
breaks out of his cage to go philan-
dering. But we’ll overlook that in
consideration of the very interesting
information that he has brought back
with him. Not that it conveys very
much to me. It is obviously a new
piece to fit into our puzzle, but I’m
hanged if I see at the moment any
suitable space to drop it into.”

  “ I, think,” said Thorndyke, “ that
if you consider the picture as a whole,
you will soon find a vacant space.
And while you are considering it I
will just send off a letter, and then we
had better adjourn this discussion.
iWe have to catch the early train to
Maidstone to-morrow, and that, I
hope, will be the last time. Our case
ought to be disposed of by the after-
noon.”

  He seated himself at the writing-
table and wrote his letter while Jervis
stared into the fire with a cogitative
frown. When the letter was sealed
and addressed, Thorndyke laid it on
the table while he went to the lobby to
put on his hat and coat, and glancing
at it alnlisist unconsciously I noted that
the envelope was of foolscap size and
was addressed to the Home Office,
Whitehall.

  The name of the addressee escaped
me, for suddenly realizing the impro-
priety of thus inspecting another man’s
-letter I looked away hastily.

  But even then, when Thorndyke
had taken it away to the post, I found
myself speculating vaguely on the
nature of the communication and
wondering if it had any relation to
the mysterious and intricate case of
Septimus Maddock.

CHAPTER XIX.

Into the Darkness.

THE resigned composure with which
I accepted Thomdyke’s sentence
of confinement within doors was not

entirely attributable to discretion or
native virtue; for, having enjoyed my
little dissipation, I could now contem-
plate with fortitude a brief period of
retirement.

  Moreover, the weather was in my
favor, being—as Polton reported when
he returned, blue-nosed and powdered
with snow, with a fresh supply of to-
bacco for me—bitterly cold, with a
threatening of smoky fog from the
east.

  Under these circumstances it was
no great hardship to sit in a roomy
armchair with my slippered feet on the
fender and read and meditate as I
basked in the warmth of a glowing
fire.

  To be sure, my reading was per-
functory enough, for the treatise of
“ The Surface Markings of the Hu-
man Body,” admirable as it was, com-
peted on very unfavorable terms with
other claimants to my attention.

   In truth, I had plenty to think about
even if I went no farther for matter
than to the events of the previous day.
There was my visit to Sylvia, for in-
stance. I had not said much to her,
but what I had said had pledged me
to a lifelong companionship, which
was a solemn thing to reflect upon
even though I looked forward to the
fulfilment of that pledge with nothing
but hopeful pleasure.

  The dice were thrown. Of course
they would turn up sixes, every one;
but still—the dice were thrown.

  From my own strictly personal
affairs my thoughts rambled by an
easy transition to the singular episode
of the buried portrait, and thence to
the subject of that strange palimpsest.

  Viewed by the light of Mr. O’Don-
nell’s revelations, Mrs. Sam way’s po-
sition was not all that could have been
desired. She and her husband had
unquestionably been closely associated
with Maddock; but Maddock was, it
seemed, a habitual criminal.

   Could this fact have been known to
the Samways? Or was it that the
running forger and swindler had shel-
80

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY,

tered himself behind their respecta-
bility ?

  It was impossible for me to say.

  Then there was the strange and per-
plexing case of the man, Maddock
himself. I could make nothing of
that; had not, indeed, been aware that
there had been a “ case ” until Thorn-
dyke’s investigations had put me in
possession of the fact.

  And even now I could see nothing
on which to base any suspicion, apart
from the attempts on my life, which
we were assuming to be in some way
connected with events that had oc-
curred in Maddock’s house.

  The cause of death was apparently
not “ morbus cordis,” which might
easily enough be, seeing that the diag-^
nosis of heart disease was a mere
•guess on Batson’s part. But if not
morbus cordis, what was it?

  Thorndyke apparently knew, and
seemed to hint that it was something
other than ordinary disease.

  Could there have been foul play?
And, if so, were the Samways in-
volved in it in any way?

  It seemed incredible, for had not
Maddock himself suspected that he
was in a dangerous state of health?

  There was certainly one possibility
which I considered with a good deal
of distaste; namely, that Maddock
had been in a hypochondriacal state,
and that the Samways had taken ad~
vantage of his gloomy views as to his
health to administer poison. The
thing was actually possible, but I did
not entertain it; for, even if one as-i
sumed that poison had been adminis-*
tered, at any rata the cremation of the
body was not designed to hide the
traces of the crime.

  The Samways had nothing to do
with that; the cremation had been
adopted in preference to burial by
Maddock’s own wish.

  So my thoughts flitted from topic
to topic, with occasional interludes of
“ Surface Markings,” through the
lazy forenoon until Polton came to lay
my solitary luncheon. And after this

little break in the comfortable monot-
ony another spell of meditative idle-
ness set in.

  Polton was busy up-stairs in the
laboratory with some photographic
copying operations, and I was dis-
posed to wander up and look on; but
my small friend politely but very
firmly vetoed any such proceeding.

  On some other occasion he would
be delighted to show me the working
of the great copying camera, but just
now he had a big job in hand, and as
he was working against time, he would
prefer to be alone.

  He even suggested that I might at-
tend to any stray callers and make my
own tea on the gas-ring so as to avoid
interrupting his work; and when I had
agreed to relieve him to this extent
he thanked me profusely and retired,
and I saw no more of him.

  For some time after his departure I
stood at the window looking out
across the wide space at Paper Build-
ings and the end of Crown Office Row.

  It was a wretched afternoon. The
yellow, turbid sky brooded close down
upon the house-roofs and grew darker
and more brown moment by moment,
as if the invisible sun had given up in
despair and gone home early.

  A comfortless powdering of snow
filtered down at intervals and melted
on the pavements, along which de-
pressed wayfarers hurried with their
coat-collars turned up and their hands
thrust deep into their pockets.

  I watched them commiseratingly,
reflecting on the superior advantages
of being within doors and forbidden
to go out; and then, having flung an-
other scoopful of coal on the fire, I
betook myself once more to the arm-
chair, the “ Surface Markings,” and
idle meditation.

  It was some time past four when
my reflective browsings had begun to
proceed in the direction of the tea-
kettle, that I heard a light footstep on
the landing as of some one wearing
galoshes.

  Then a letter dropped softly into
'A SILENT WITNESS.

81

the box, and, as I instantly pushed
back my chair to rise, the footsteps
retreated. I crossed the room quickly
and opened the door, but the messen-
ger had already disappeared down the
dark staircase, and had gone so silent-
ly on his rubber soles that, though I
listened attentively, I could hear no
sound from below.

   Having closed the door, I extracted
the letter from the box and took it
over to the window to examine it. I
was not a little surprised to find that
it was addressed to W. M. Howard,
Esq.

  This was the first communication
that I had received in my borrowed
name, and my surprise at its arrival
was not unreasonable, for of the
few persons who knew me by that
name, none—with the exception, per-
haps, of Mr. Marchmont—was in the
least likely to write to me.

  But if the address on the envelope
had surprised me, the letter itself sur-
prised me a good deal more; for,
though the writer was quite unknown
to me, even by name, he seemed to be
in possession of certain information
concerning me which I had supposed
to be the exclusive property of Thorn-
dyke, Jervis, Polton, and myself.

   It bore the address 29 Eigtree Court,
 Inner Temple, and ran thus:

Dear Sir:

   I am taking the liberty of writing to yo*.
 to ask for your assistance as I happened to
 know that my friends, Drs. Thorndyke and
 Jervis, are away at Maidstone and not
 available at the moment, and I understand
 that you have some acquaintance with
 medical technicalities.

   The circumstances are these: At half
past five to-day I shall be meeting a solic-
itor to advise as to action in respect of a
case in which I am retained, and the deci-
sion as to our action will be vitally affected
by a certain issue on which I am not com-
petent to form an opinion for lack of med-
ical knowledge. If Dr. Thorndyke had
been within reach I should have taken his
opinion; as he is not, it occurred to me to
ask if you would fill his place on this occa-
sion, it being, of course, understood that
the usual fee of five guineas will be paid
by the solicitor.

     6	A-S C

  If you should be unable to come to the
consultation, do not trouble to reply, as I
am now going out and shall not be return-
ing until five-thirty, the time of the ap-
pointment.

   I am,

:Yours faithfully,

                Arthur Courtland.

  The contents of this letter, as I have
said, surprised me more than a little.
How in the name of all that was won-
derful had this stranger, whose very
name was unknown to me, come to be
aware that I had any knowledge of
medicine?

  Not from Thorndyke, I felt perfect-!
ly sure; nor from Jervis, who, not-
withstanding a certain flippant face-
tiousness of manner, was really an ex-
tremely cautious and judicious man.

  Could it be that my principal was
overseen in his trusted laboratory
assistant? Was it conceivable that
the suave and discreet Polton had mo-
ments of leakiness, when, in unofficial
talk outside, he let drop the secrets
of which his employer’s unbounded
confidence had made him the reposi-
tory?

  I could not believe it. Not only did
Polton appear to be the very soul of
discretion, there was Thorndyke him-
self; he was not the man to give his
confidence to any one until after the'
most exhaustive proof of the safety
of so giving it.

  Nor was he a man who was likely
to be deceived, for nothing escaped his
observation, and nothing that he ob-
served was passed over without care-
ful consideration.

  My lethargy having been shaken off,
I addressed myself to the task of pre-
paring tea; and, as I listened to the
homely crescendo of the kettle’s song,
I turned the matter over in all its
bearings.

  By some means this Mr. Courtland
had become aware that I was either
a doctor or a medical student.

  But by 'what means? Was it pos-
sible that he had merely inferred from
the circumstance of my being associ-*
82

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

ated with Thorndyke that I was of the
same profession?

  That was just barely conceivable;
but, if he had, then, as Jervis had said
of Mr. Wallis, he must be “ a devil at
guessing.”

  As I made the tea and subsequently
consumed it, I continued to ruminate
on the contents of that singular letter.

  No answer to it was required. Then
what was Mr. Courtland going to do
if I did not turn up? He admitted
that the issue, which seemed to be an
important one, was beyond him, and
yet he had to give an answer to the
solicitor.

  And he was prepared to pay - five
guineas for the advice of a man of
whom he—presumably—knew noth-
ing. That was odd.

  In fact, the whole tone of the
letter, with its inconsistent mixture of
urgency and casual trusting to chance,
seemed irreconcilable with the care
and method that one expects from a
professional man.

  And there was another point. The
time of the consultation was half past
five.

  Now, within an hour of that time
Thorndyke would be back—or even
sooner if he came by the earlier train
as he had done on the previous day,
as Mr. Courtland must have known,
since he knew whither my principal
had gone, and he must have often at-
tended assizes himself.

  Could he not have waited an hour?
And again: had this business been
sprung upon him so suddenly that he
had had no time to get Thorndyke’s
opinion ?

  And, yet again, why had he written
at all, instead of dropping in at our
chambers with the solicitor, as was
so commonly done by Thorndyke’s
clients ?

  All of which were curious and puz-
zling questions which I put to myself,
one by one, and had to dismiss un-
answered.

  And then I came to the practical
question, to which I had to find an

answer, and which was : Could I, under
the existing circumstances, accede to-
Mr. Courtland’s request? To go out-
side the precincts of the Inn was, I
recognized, absolutely forbidden; but
I had given no actual promise to re-
main in our chambers, nor had I been
positively forbidden to leave them.

  Thorndyke had advised me to re-
main indoors, and his advice had been
given so pointedly, and with so evident
a desire that it should be followed, that
I had not hitherto even thought of
leaving our premises.

  But this was-an unforeseen contin-
gency; and the question was, did it
alter my position in regard to Thorn-
dyke’s advice?

  I think I have never been so unde-
cided in my life. On the one hand, I
was strongly tempted to keep the ap-
pointment. The prospect of trium-
phantly handing to Thorndyke a five-
guinea fee which I had earned as his
deputy appealed to me with almost irre-
sistible force.

  On the other hand, my knowledge of
Thorndyke did not support this appeal.
I knew him to be a man to whom a
principle was much more important
than any chance benefit gained by its
abandonment, and my inner conscious-
ness told me that he would be better
pleased by a strict adherence to our
understanding than by the increment
of five guineas.

   So my thoughts oscillated to and fro,
now impelling me to risk it and earn
the fee, and now urging me to keep to
the letter of my instructions; and mean-
while the time ran on and the hour of
the consultation approached.

  What decision I should have reached
in the end, it is impossible to say. As
matters turned out, I never reached any
decision at all; for just as the Treasury
clock struck a quarter past five I heard
a light, quick step on our landing, and,
immediately' after, a soft but hurried
knock at the door.

  I strode quickly across the room
and threw the door open.

  And then I started back with an ex-
A SILENT WITNESS.

83

claraation of astonishment. For the
visitor—who stood full in the light of
the landing lamp—was a woman; and
the woman was Mrs. Samway.

  As I stood gazing at her in amaze-
ment she slipped past me into the room
and softly shut the door.

  And then I saw very plainly that
there was something amiss; for she was
as pale as death, and had a dreadful,
frightened, hunted look which haunts
me even now as I write. She was
somewhat disheveled, too; and, though
it was a bitter evening, her plump,
shapely hands were ungloved and cold
as ice, as I noted when I took them in
mine.

  “Are you alone?’' she asked, peer-
ing uneasily at the door of the little
office.

  “ Yes; quite alone,” I replied.

  She gazed at me with those strange,
penetrating eyes of hers and said in a
half whisper:

  “ How strange you look with that
beard. I should hardly have known
you if I had not expected—”

  She stopped short and, casting a
strange, scared glance over her shoul-
der at the dark windows, whispered:

  “ Can they see in ? Can any one see
us from outside? ”

  “ I shouldn’t think so,” I replied;
but, nevertheless, I stepped over to the
windows and drew the curtains.

  “ That looks more comfortable, at
any rate,” said I. “ And now tell me
how in the name of wonder you knew
I was here.”

  She grasped both my wrists and
looked earnestly, almost fiercely, into
my eyes.

“ Ask me no questions! ” she ex-
claimed. “ Ask me nothing! But
listen! I have come here for a purpose.
Has a letter been left here for you?”
“ Yes,” I replied.

  “ Asking you to go to a place in Fig-!
tree Court? ”

  “ Good God! ” I exclaimed. “ Hqw
on earth—”

  She shook my wrists impatiently in
her strong grasp.

  “ Answer me! ” she exclaimed.
“ Answer me! ”

  “ Yes,” I replied. “ I was to go
there at half past five.”

  Again her strong grasp tightened on
my wrists.

  “ Humphrey,” she said in a low,
earnest voice, “ you are not to go. Do
you hear me? You are not to go.”
And then, as I seemed to hesitate,
she continued more urgently:

  “ I ask you—I beg you to promise
me that you won’t! ”

  I gazed at her in sheer amazement;
but some instinct, some faint glimmer
of understanding, restrained me from
asking for any explanation.

  “ Very well,” I said. “ I won’t go,
if you say I’m not to.”

  “ That is a promise? ”

  “Yes; it’s a promise. Besides, it’s
nearly half past already; so if I don!t
go now the appointment falls through.”
“ And you won’t go outside these
rooms to-night. Promise me that,
too! ”

   “ If I don’t go to this lawyer I sha’n’t
go out at all.”

  “ And to-morrow, too. Give me
your word that you won’t let any sort
of pretext draw you out of these rooms
'to-morrow, or the next day, or, in fact,
until Dr. Thorndyke says you may.”
For a few moments I was literally
struck dumb with astonishment at her
last words, and could do nothing but
gaze at her in astounded silence.

  At length, recovering myself a little,
I exclaimed:

  “ My dear Mrs. Samway—■” But
she interrupted me.

  “ Don’t call me by that horrible
name! Give me my own name—Le-
titia—or ” she added, a little shyly and
in a soft, coaxing tone, " call me Lettie.
Won’t you, Humphrey, just for this
once?

  “ You needn’t mind. You wouldn’t
if you knew. I should like, when I
think of my friend—the only friend
that I care for—to remember that he
called me by my own name when we
•said good-by. You’ll think me silly
84

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

and sentimental, but you needn’t mind
indulging me just for once. It's the
last time.”

  “ The last time! ” I repeated.
“ What do you mean by that, Lettie,
and by speaking of our saying good-
by? Are you going away? ”

  “ Yes, I am going away. I don’t
suppose you will ever see me again. I
am going out of your life.”

  “ Not out of my life, Lettie. We
are always friends, even if we never
see one another.”

  “Are we?” she said, looking up at
me earnestly. “ Perhaps it is so; but,
still, this is good-by. I ought to say it
and go; but, oh, God! ” she exclaimed
with sudden passion, “ I don’t want to
go—away from you, Humphrey, out
into the cold and the dark! ”

  She buried her face against my shoul-
der, and I could feel that she was sob-
bing, though she uttered no sound.

  It was a dreadful situation. Instinc-
tively certain though I was that her
grief had a real and tragic basis, I
could offer no word of comfort.

  For what was there to say? She
was going, clearly, to a life of wretch-
edness without hope of any relief or
change, and without a single friend to
cheer her loneliness. That much I
could guess, vaguely and dimly.

  But it was enough. And it wrung
my heart to witness her passion of
grief and to be able to offer no more
than a pressure of the hand.

  After a few seconds she raised her
head and looked in my face with tears
still clinging to her lashes.

  “ Humphrey,” she said, laying her
hands on my shoulders, “ I have a few
last words to say to you and then I
must go. Listen to me, dearest friend,
and remember what I say.

  “ When I am gone people will tell
you things, and you will come to know
others. People will say that I am a
wicked woman, which is true enough,
God knows. But if they say that I
have done or connived at wickedness
against you, try to believe that it was
not as it seemed, and to forgive me.

  “ And say to yourself, ‘ This wicked
woman would have willingly given her
heart’s blood for me.’ Say that, Hum-
phrey. It is true. I would gladly give
my life to make you safe and happy.
And try to think kindly of me in the
evil report that will reach you sooner
or later. Will you try, Humphrey ? ”
“ My dear Lettie,” I said, “ we are
friends now and always. Nothing that
I hear shall alter that.”

  “ I believe you,” she said, “ and I
thank you from my heart. And now
I must go—I must go; and it’s good-
by—good-by, Humphrey, for the very
last time.”

  She passed her arms around my neck
and pressed her. wet cheek to mine;
then she kissed me, and, turning away
abruptly, walked across to the door and
opened it.

  On the landing, in the light of the
lamp, she turned once more; and I saw
that the hot blush that had risen to
her cheek as she kissed me had faded
already into a deathly pallor, and that
the dreadful, frightened, hunted look
had come back into her face.

  She stood for a moment with her
finger raised warningly and whispered:
“ Good-by, dear; good-by! Shut the
door now, and shut it quietly,” and
then she passed into the opening of the
dark staircase.

  I closed the door softly and turned
away toward the window; and as I did
so I heard her stumble slightly on the
stair, a short way down, and utter a
little, startled cry.

  I was nearly going out to her, and
did, in fact, stand a moment or two,
listening; but as I heard nothing more
I moved over to the window and, draw-
ing back the curtain, looked down on
our door-step to see her go out.

  My mind was in a whirl of confused
emotions. Profound pity for this lone-
ly, unhappy, warm-hearted woman con-
tended with amazement at the revela-
tion of her manifest connection with
the mystery that surrounded me; and
I stood bewildered by the tumult of
incoherent thought, grasping the cur-
A SILENT WITNESS.

85

tain and looking down on the great
square stone that I might at least catch
a farewell glance at this poor soul who
was passing so unwillingly out of xny
life.

  The seconds passed. A man came
out of our entry and, turning to the
left, walked at a rapid pace toward the
Tudor Street gate.

  Still she did not appear. Perhaps
she had heard him on the stairs and
was waiting to pass out unnoticed.

  But yet it was strange. Nearly a
minute had elapsed since she started
to descend the stairs. Could I have
missed her? It seemed impossible,
since I had come to the window almost
immediately.

  A vague uneasiness began to take
possession of me. I recalled her white
face and frightened eyes, and as I
stared down at the door-step with
growing anxiety I found myself listen-

ing—listening nervously for I knew
not what.

  Suddenly I caught a sound — faint
and vague, but certainly a sound. And
it seemed to come from the staircase.

  In a moment I had the door open and
was stealing out on the landing.

  The house was profoundly silent.
No murmur, even, penetrated from the
distant streets. I crept across the land-
ing, breathing softly and listening.

  And then, from the stillness below,
but near at hand, came a faint, whis-
pering sigh or moan.

  Instantly I sprang forward, all of a
tremble, and darted down the stairs.

  At the first turn I saw, projecting
round the angle, a hand—a woman’s
hand—plump and shapely and white as
marble.

  With a gasp of terror I flew round
the turn of the staircase and—

  God in heaven! She was there!

TO BE CONCLUDED NEXT WEEK. Don’t forget this magazine is issued weekly, and that
you will get the conclusion of this story without waiting a month.

      SOCIAL SINEW

By Alice Lindsey Webb

                WHAT sort of a citizen, friend, are you?

Can you lift as much as you weigh?

Are you doing your share of the work to do,

Or just “ catching a ride on the sleigh ”?

                    Are you standing up on your own two fee?,

                     Or hunting around for a nice, soft seat?

                    Is your citizenship of a rose-scent sort,

                     Bound up with a silken string;

                   )0r are you of solicT iron and blood,

                  With a zest for the hardest thing?

                     Are you corseted tight by an outworn creed,

                     Or fighting for freedom, wherever there’s need?-

                   'Come, out with it, friend; give the devil his due—<
                      Have you filled your place at the front?

                 Are you skulking to rear with the cowardly few,

                  A bearing the battle’s brunt?

                    Oh, a man who is honest and unafraid
                    Is as fine a thing as God has made!

                                                                                                        /
Tke Los I
- ^ec\rLksbor\e

Perlevj Poore Sheehan

     Author of " The Copper PrinceM,” “ The Woman of the Pyramid,” “ Kidnaper* of Dark Entry," etc.

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS

AFTER a chat with Major Woods, who knew him as a boy in Milldale, Ohio, Henry
R. Birkland, president of the Susquehanna Railroad, resigns in favor of Bruce
Howland, with the intention of returning to Milldale, buying the Birkland homestead,
and finding Mary Harmon, his old sweetheart. His plan to leave New York City on a
midnight train is frustrated when a taxi is wrecked in which he is being driven to a
police station with the wife of a friend who has begged him to bail her husband out
of jail; and they are arrested for speeding. Birkland manages to catch an early morn-
ing train for Poughkeepsie, after giving the police the slip. On the way there a fight
breaks out between a deputy and several gunmen who attempt to take a prisoner from
him. Birkland intercedes for the deputy and soon finds himself covered with a
revolver in the hands of one of the crooks.

    Birkland narrowly escapes being shot. The gunmen are routed and one of their
number killed. Birkland is asked to stay for the inquest. Again he eludes the police,
and, after several adventures, reaches Poughkeepsie, penniless. He despatches night
letters to Howland and the major for money. A telegram comes at length from Mary
Harmon, forwarding fifty dollars, and explaining that Major Woods is away from
home. Birkland resolves to catch the Cincinnati express; but he is pursued by a sleuth
who recognizes him as the man who ran away after the shooting affray on the train,
and by a telephone-operator he cheated out of some money. Birkland accepts the invi-
tation of a stranger to jump into his ice yacht and overtake the express he has just
missed. In its course up the Hudson River the yacht is wrecked, and Birkland, uncon-
scious, is carried into the Merriman home. There he is nursed back to health by Julia
Merriman, who falls in love with him. Birkland resists her charms, however, and
returns to Hambleton, near Milldale, where he puts up at the Grand Hotel. The major
is still out of town. As Birkland is sitting in the hotel one evening, the Hambleton
Clarion announces the failure of the bank, which contains about all of his available
cash. At this moment Major Woods arrives. He takes Birkland home into the bosom
of his family and calls to Mary in the next room.

CHAPTER XXXI.
Face to Face!

IRST of all it seemed to Birkland
that he was looking at a
stranger.

A moment and it seemed as though
their paths had never led aparfer He
Ixad expected to find her older—a little

Thi* story began in the All-Stoi

old-fashioned, old-maidish. It was the
surprise that had given him that im-
pression that here was a stranger.

  It was the revivified memory of her
youth that blotted out this impression
with the other.

  “ Mary, for the love of Heaven! ”
he exclaimed, foolishly, as they looked
at each other.

Cavalier Weekly for June 27.
THE LOST HEARTHSTONE.

87

  “ How do you do, Henry? ”

  She was smiling, perfectly self-pos-
sessed.

  “ I think I’ll kiss you, too,” he said.

  “ You may,” she answered.

  He had taken one of her hands. He
put a hand lightly on her shoulder.
His lips touched her cheek.

  She radiated strength, warmth,
mystery; but, above all, perfect calm,
perfect self-reliance. Good God, he
thought, and he had secretly been feel-
ing a little sorry for her, had been al-
lowing his meditations concerning her
to be touched with a tinge of charity,
had conceived her to be countrified,
passee—his little, faded wild-flower!

  Without being capable of noting de-
tails, he was struck, none the less, that
she was charmingly dressed; that her
complexion was perfect; that her hair
was becomingly arranged — ah, there
was a tuft of gray, just over her fore-
head, after all!

  He was grateful for that touch of
gray. He had begun to feel a little
frightened. His eyes came back to
hers, having scarcely left them. They
were almost on a level with his own.

  “ I’d like to do it again,” he said, as
they all laughed.

  “Go ahead! Go ahead!” roared
the major happily.

  And all through the supper that fol-
lowed—or dinner, with its barley soup,
fried chicken, vegetables containing
the distilled essence of the country, jel-
lies of haunting perfume—Birkland
couldn’t get over the wonder of it.
This was Mary Harmon, still young,
still beautiful, with no other legacy
from the passing years than that of a
greater charm.

  Not even when the conversation
touched on the wrecked bank and the
suicide of Custis Campbell was Birk-
land’s attention wholly diverted. Not
very much was said, anyway; only, it
appeared, the Campbells had been
neighbors of theirs—lived just across
the street; and Mrs. Woods had been
over to see “ poor little Mrs. Camp-
bell.”

  “ Does she try to explain it ? ” asked
the major gently.

  “ Yes, she does,” answered Mrs.
Woods with hesitation. She was one
of those women who could never say
anything that might be derogatory to
some one without hesitating first.
“ She seems to blame it on Mr.'
Miller.”

  “Cyrus F. Miller —of Milldale?”
asked Birkland.

  The major snorted. There was
neither gentleness nor sympathy in the
way he did it.

  “ Yes, Cyrus F. Miller, of Milldale.
He’s a deep one—deep, and crooked,
and dark, like a skunk-hole.”

  “ Bliphalet! ”

  “ Henry, have some more coffee,”
said the major, rebuked but not dis-s
mayed.

  Music, slightly agitated but meri-
torious, withal, by the inspirational
Luella; more music of a maturer sort
*—with some slight hint of agitation
here, too, perhaps—by Mary; some
kindly, homely conversation on gen-
eral topics; and the major cleared his
throat.

  _ “ Mother,” he said, “ let’s say good
night. That needn’t concern you young
folks,” he hastened to add.

  “ I guess I’ll remain up a while,
too,” Luella ventured.

  But Grandmother Woods whispered
something in Luella’s ear, topping it
off with a kiss and a hug.

  “ Good night, Aunt Mary,” said Lu-
ella, lifting her face. And then,

“ Good night, Uncle Henry.”

  Birkland touched one of Luella’s
fine-gold eyebrows with his lips.
Chords that had slumbered within the
innermost depths of his being for ages
>—it seemed—were aquiver with angel-
music. Lord! and he had believed
himself alone in the world.

  If there were no tears in his eyes
when he finally looked across at Mary
through the yellow lamp-light, there
might have been, so far as his feelings
were concerned.

  There was no noise in that part of
88

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

 Hambleton. A great silence, a great
 peace—as fathomless as the night it-
 self—seemed to have fallen on every-
 thing.

   Mary had been standing at the side
 of the center-table idly turning the
 pages of a magazine. As she looked
 up the light from the lamp shone
 strong on the white smoothness of her
 throat, deepened the shadows about
 her eyes.

   As Birkland looked at her he felt a
 -sort of suffocating wave of gratitude
 that he hadn’t wavered along the road
 —that this wasn’t Julia or any one else
 in the world that confronted him other
 than she who stood there.

   “ Mary,” he whispered.

   Her only answer was to smile, to
 turn from the lamp and start slowly
 across the room. Before she had taken
 three steps he was at her side, had
 taken her hand.

  “ Mary,” he repeated tensely;
“ listen—you’re a dream come true—
part of a great, magical dream come
true! ”

   She was facing him—not bashfully;
 just gently and proudly, mistress of
 herself.

  “You still dream?” she asked
softly.

   It came like an echo from years all
 but forgotten. He remembered now
 how much they had talked about
 dreams in the old days; dreams and
 ideals, and things like that.

   He was standing very close to her,
 holding both of her hands now.

   “ Shut your eyes,” he whispered.

   She knew what he contemplated.
 Her seraphic smile showed that. But
 she did as she was ordered, unhesita-
 tingly. Birkland closed his own eyes.

   It all became a miracle, of a sort.

   They were standing again in the
 shadow of the Methodist church at
 Milldale, stars and swaying branches
 overhead, the night-air stirring, soft-
 footed, around them; organ-music
 dissolving earth and heaven into one.

  “ And do you also dream ? ” he
asked at last.

  “ Yes.”

“ Of—the thing I’ve dreamed of ? ”
She smiled. “ I’ve dreamed of you.”
He pressed her to him. “ Mary—•
you’re going to—you have to—you’re
going to be my wife ? ”

But, even as he said this, he felt a
stab of remorse. It is often like that

—	some tragic note in the triumphal
march, some mummy appearing at the
feast.

  Ruined! He was ruined, and he was
willing to thrust his poverty on her!

  She had reached up and touched his
face. Her clear eyes were looking into
his as she answered, “ Yes! ”

“ But I must—must—” he began.
The hand on his face made a gentle
little stroking movement. It was such
a caress as a mother might use in
soothing a hurt child.

  “ You must fight for your dreams,
my dear boy,” she said softly; “you
must demand their fulfilment. Don’t
you suppose I know that you’ll do this
—that we’ll do this>—together ? ”

  “ Then you knew—you did send me
that fifty dollars.”

  “ In a place like this every one
knows everything—provided it isn’t
vital. It’s only the great truths that
they miss, the Truth with a capital.”

  “ And you’re not worried — not
frightened? ”

  Miss Harmon’s only answer was to
draw Birkland’s face down, ever so
gently, toward her own.

CHAPTER XXXII.
Deep and Crooked and Dark.

RUT that night, when Birkland was
alone in his room, there again re-
curred to him, despite the tremendous
stimulus that had been given him to
more cheerful thinking, a twinge or
two of dread. From his window he
had looked across the street.

  It was late, an hour when most of
Hambleton had already gone to bed.
But there was another house over there
with lighted windows.
THE LOST HEARTHSTONE.

89

  It was the house of his boyhood
friend — poor Custis Campbell, lying
dead; a white night there for “ poor
little Mrs. Campbell;” and his mental
image of the widow threw up on the
screen of his imagination the baleful
shadow of the man he had never seen,
Mr. Cyrus F. Miller, of Milldale.

  He saw Mr. Miller next day, and
his premonitions were confirmed.

  He was one of those men who look
as though they have tasted alum — a
tight little mouth slued down to one
side, open and showing the lower teeth,
but hard. He had alert, prehensile
eyes that looked out unsteadily from
under bushy, red-brown eyebrows.
Otherwise his face was normal, clean-
shaven, but far from handsome.

  ‘‘Fifty,” Birkland reflected; “‘and
deep and crooked and dark.’ ”

  He turned to the major, who had
accompanied him up-town. “ I agree
with you on your characterization,” he
said.

  “ Are you sure you want to negoti-
ate that land-deal yourself, Henry?”
asked the major. “ He’ll want to rob
you. That’s in his line.”

  Birkland took thought.

  After all, it would be a mere open-
ing of negotiations. Before the pur-
chase could be consummated he would
have to get money—money at any
price. And if he was to have this man
as a neighbor there might as well be
frankness on his own part, whatever
might be forthcoming from the other.
“ I’ll try it myself, major.”

  “ Remember, if he asks more than
three thousand for that particular tract
he’s trying to skin you.”

. “ I’ll remember.”

  Mr. Miller had evidently been
brought into town early through his
anxiety for the wrecked bank. It was
on the steps of the bank building that
he now stood talking to a growing
group of citizens.

  “ Of course, I can’t tell what'll be
done,” he kept saying. “ You must
remember I am only a director.”

  “ But the most important/’ some one

said. It was evidently put forward not
as a compliment, but as a means of
forcing some definite statement. Mr.
Miller emitted a sour little laugh from
his small, wry mouth.

   “ Us directors may all chip in, so
far as we’re able—every little ’11
count.”

   “ That’s a most extraordinary offer
for a mean man to make,” Birkland
communed with himself.

  “ Have they located any of the
money ? ” asked a fat man with a white
and flabby face.

   “ Ask the police! Ask the police! ”
said Mr. Miller in falsetto tones. He
had been asked the same question be-
fore, and manifestly it made him
peevish. The crowd was growing mo-
mentarily larger. Mr. Miller looked
out over it, seeking, possibly, for a
friend. His search must have been
vain.

  A small man with a derby hat on
a head that was too big for him el-
bowed his way brutally to the front.

  “ Are you sure,” he demanded,
“ that the directors didn’t cop out that
cash ? ”

  Mr. Miller sought to freeze him
with a look of his shifty eyes, but
failed.

  “ Are you sure that some dost
friend of his’n didn’t cop it out?”
persisted the little man.

  Mr. Miller didn’t answer that, but
the crowd did. Somehow, it sent a
little crisping chill down Birkland’s
backbone when he heard the crowd’s
answer—a ragged, spasmodic attempt
at a cheer.

  Mr. Miller’s face went black with
rage. He saw one of the town’s four
policemen standing near the curbstone.

   “ Officer,” he piped, “ you’ll have to
keep order here.”

  There were a good many boys in
the crowd now. They led the cheering
at that, but a good many men joined
in naggingly.

   “ I bet you know where that cash is
yourself,” shouted the small man, sure
of his backing.
90

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

  Mr. Miller spat out the beginning of
an oath, checked himself, smiled
crookedly.

  “ And, by God, we ought to choke
it out of him,” cried the little man,
facing the crowd.

  Mr. Miller had decided to go else-
where, was worming his way down
one side of the stone stoop. At the
same time the policeman was creating
a diversion, forcing his way through
the crowd. Evidently he was known
to the majority of the citizens there.
Several of them were frankly obstruc-
ting his way, calling him by name and
urging him not to persist.

  “ Leave him alone, Charley! ” “ He
didn’t hurt any one.” “ He’s all
right.”

  “ Hey, you,” said the policeman,
when he was as close to the little man
as possible; “ don’t you make no dis-
turbance here, or I’ll run you in.”

  “ You can club my nut off,” said
the little man; “ they’ve robbed me of
all I had.”

  He turned and smiled pitifully out
over the crowd. He was standing on
the topmost step. Every one could see
him, despite his small stature—big
brow, mustache over a weak chin and
mouth, his derby hat pushed far back
like that of an agitated business man.

  Again they cheered.

  Finding himself in such a prominent
position with so many eyes focused
upon him seemed to excite him even
more. He had probably passed a
sleepless night, poor fellow, anyway.
He begun to make a speech.

  “ I’m as peaceable as the next one,”
he began, and the boys in the crowd
urged him on with shrill cries; “ but,
by golly, fellows, when a feller’s got
you by the windpipe, you want to punch
him.”

  “ You got tq stop that,” cried the
policeman, making another attempt to
get nearer.

  “ Ah, leave him alone, Charley,” a
dozen voices protested. Friendly hands
.were holding the policeman bade.

  More cheering. The little mail y/a$

becoming more and more excited by
his situation and attendant circum-
stances. He pushed his hat further
back, tugged savagely at his mustache,

  “ I agree with Shakespeare that you
shouldn’t speak 'evil about dead peo-
ple,” he went on; “ and I don’t do it
now. The crook or the crooks that has
got your money and mine in their jeans
to-day ain’t dead, you can bet your
sweet life on it they ain’t. They’re
alive. But, by golly, if I had my say ”■
—the voice rose to almost a scream—*
“ they wouldn’t be! ”

  The crowd roared at that.

  There was some laughter in it, n<3
doubt; for all of those present were
not losers. A good deal of the noise
certainly came from the small boys4
But again Birkland felt a thrill run-*
ning up and down his backbone. i

  He suddenly realized that he ha<i
almost cheered himself.

  It made him feel foolish. He hatj
started out, such a little while before,
so calm and fortified. Whatever had
happened to him, the future was briln
liant.

  Nothing could go wrong, if he kept:
his mind in the proper attitude—that:
was what Mary had impressed upon
him.

  He was to go ahead and negotiate
the purchase of his old homestead just
as though nothing at all had happened
to him, just as though Mr. Cyrus F,
Miller of Milldale was one of the finest!
gentlemen in the land.

  Had he allowed Mr. Miller td
escape ?

  The crowd was still cheering as h‘«5
cast a glance around him. He saw the
man he wanted not more than half a
block away untying his horse prepara-s
tory to driving off.

  Mr. Miller still had his back turned
when Birkland came up to him, foi!
he was engaged in arranging the yeli
low blanket he had just taken from hi$
horse as an extra cushion for thq
buggy. Birkland hesitated a moment:*
then touched him on the shoulder. Hfj
was shocked by what followed,-
THE LOST HEARTHSTONE.

91

  Mr. Miller had given a violent start,
whirled upon him with a face that was
shot with dread.

      CHAPTER XXXIII.
      Known and Unknown.

IT only lasted for a moment or two—*
that look on Mr. Miller’s face—
but Birkland was never to forget it,
especially as he was to see it again—see
it under circumstances more striking
and tragical still. The dread changed
to suspicion; over the suspicion there
was spread a thin veneer of politeness.

  “ What can I do for you ? ” Mr.
Miller asked.

  Birkland also recovered himself.
The shock of what he had seen had
sent his own mind momentarily racing
back to the scene he had just left—to
the small man on the steps of the bank,
his pitiful, perilous harangue, the
crowd, half mocking, half sympathet-
ic. Mobs sometimes grew from crowds
like that.

  “ I beg your pardon,” he said; “ I
merely wanted to see you about the
purchase of a certain piece of land.”

  A light of further relief came into
Miller’s shifty eyes.

  “What land’s that?”

  “ That old Birkland property, out at
Milldale.”

  “ Umph—the richest land in Butler
County,” said Mr. Miller, more from
force of habit, perhaps, than any im-
mediate desire to bargain. His eyes
were down the street, in the direction
of the bank. “ Get into the buggy, and
we’ll drive over to the court-house.
We can talk better over there, Mr.—
Mr.—”

  “ Birkland—my name is Birkland.”
Very little was said after that —
just then; but during the short drive
to the court-house Birkland had fur-
ther opportunity to study the face of
the man at his side. It was a face of
shifting expressions, despite its hard
lines.

  Greed and cunning, bitterness and

satisfaction, fear and desperate resolu-
tion—a very remarkable face indeed,
so Birkland thought.

  There was a dismal room in the base-
ment of the court-house with a tin
sign on the door bearing the inscrip-
tion “ County Assessors.” Mr. Miller
unlocked this door with a key he car-
ried, went in, invited Birkland to fol-
low, then closed and locked the door
behind them.

  “ This is my office when I come to
town,” he said shortly. “ Sit down.”
They looked at each other through
the dim and dusty light of the place.
Oddly enough, Birkland thought of
Mary. Perhaps it was because it re-
quired such an effort on his part to
choke back the instinctive hatred he
felt for the man in front of him.
Could even she, he wondered, be
charitable to such a man as this.

  “ Well, Mr. Miller, how much do
you want for it?”

  “ I never thought of selling it. You
see, it’s just as I said—about the rich-
est tract in Butler County. You can
raise everything on land like that.”

  “ I wasn’t expecting to farm.”

  “ And land like that is doubling in
value right along—Milldale growing
fast; Hambleton spreading out in that
direction. Speculators been after me
all along. Just day before yesterday
I had an offer of five thousand. I
was expecting the ' gentleman back
from Cincinnati to close the deal.”
Birkland knew that the man was
lying. In all his experience with men
of one kind or another a lie had never
been more manifest.

  “ Mr. Miller,” he said, “ I’m not a
speculator any more than I’m a farm-
er. Moreover, I’m not a millionaire.
I’ve come out here to buy that place
merely as a matter of sentiment—be-
cause my folks lived there, because it
was my old home. I want to live
there again. That’s why I want to
buy it. That’s why I’m willing to pay
you a fair price for it.”

  Birkland was rather prottd of that
speech.
92

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

  Eor honesty and ingenuousness, he
told himself, Mary herself couldn’t
have improved on it. But if Birkland
was satisfied it was evident that Mr.
Miller was even more so. His face
simply radiated crooked delight.

  “ Oh,” he crooned, “ that’s a hoss
of another color! Sentiment, is it?
Now, I understand sentiment, and I’ll
tell you what I’ll do. I’ll let you take
that passel of land and not another
word said to any one for six thousand
dollars—cash.”

  “ Mr. Miller, that’s just twice too
much, and you know it.”

  “Six thousand—cash! ”

  “ We’re going to be neighbors >—*
good neighbors, I hope *—< and you
know very well that if you hold out
for an unfair price it’s going to cause
regret.”

  “ Are you talking cash or time-pay-
ments?” asked Mr. Miller suddenly.

  In the silence that followed there
seemed to come from the corridor be-
yond the locked door a shuffling foot-
fall, very light, like that which might
be made by a heavy person who seeks
to walk cautiously. Mr. Miller raised
a finger and listened.

  Again a slight movement outside,
something like suppressed breathing.

  Birkland had an inspiration. He
disregarded Mr. Miller’s signal; raised
his voice instead.

  “ I’m talking cash! ”

  It was odd that this simple declara-
tion, even if it was delivered in a voice
that was a little louder than necessary,
should have sent through Mr. Miller
such an obvious pang of nervousness.

  Suddenly he got to his feet, tiptoed
over to the door, stood there, listening.

  Birkland was watching him, a new
light dawning on the horizon of his
mental vision. ,There was a muffled
movement outside the door —• there
was no doubt about that.

  Mr. Miller, quite as suddenly as he
had left his chair, wrenched open the
door and looked out. It was evident
that he saw no one, for he looked long
in one direction, then in another.

  When he had closed the door again
and locked it he came back visibly
shaken.

  “ I don’t mind telling you,” he said,
with a crooked, mirthless effort at a
laugh, “ that I’m getting rid of a lot
of my farming property. And I
haven’t so much faith in those Cincin-
nati gents. They’ll probably want to
hem and haw. Their offer stands for
you. Now, if you could come around
with five thousand cash—”

  “ Three thousand,” said Birkland
steadily, his eyes never shifting from
the other’s face.

  But even as he was saying it his
mind was working madly in other di-
rections. He could raise three thou-
sand dollars cash somehow at short
notice. There was the offer that Ma-
jor Woods had made, and which he
shouldn’t refuse under the circum-
stances.

  He would sell out every share of
stock remaining to him in the Sus-
quehanna, if necessary, however great
the sacrifice might be, and that would
bring him five or six thousand dollars
at least.

  u Cling fast to your vision—demand
its realization! ”

  Both his own philosophy and that
of Mary — God bless her! —«were in
accord as to that.

  But there was something else —»
something that gave him a little,
tingling sensation of an even more
imminent power—was taking form in
his mind. It was still shifting, nebu-
lous, like the vapors of dawn, seen in
that new light that had begun to
come up a little while before on his
mental horizon.

  Custis Campbell’s widow blamed
what had happened at the bank on
Cyrus F. Miller.

  There were others who thought
likewise — the small man with the
large head, he who had made the
speech, and some of those who had
cheered him on. Birkland recalled the
look of dread on Miller’s face in re-
sponse to the touch on his shoulder,
THE LOST HEARTHSTONE.

93

his manifest uneasiness just now, his»
declaration that he was getting rid of
his land.

  He looked steadily at Mr. Miller,
nor even deigned to smile.

  “ Three thousand cash,” he re-
peated.

  “ Not so loud! ”

  There was no mistaking the fact
this time that something or some one
was again astir just outside.

  “If I did do such a darn - fool
thing,” Mr. Miller went on, “ it would
be as a matter of sentiment.” He be-
gan to whine a little, and raised his
own voice to a louder pitch. “ I’d do
a whole lot for sentiment. I always
did.”

  “Sure!” said Birkland; “there’s
the case of poor Custis Campbell.”

  Mr. Miller’s shrunken mouth
twitched and his shifty eyes went to
the door.

  It sounded as though there might
have been two persons out there who
whispered.

     CHAPTER XXXIV.
     The Voices at the Door.

MORE than once in his career had
Birkland put his trust in the sim-
ple fact that his position was unassail-
able— that his principles were right;
that his motives were fair; that he had
nothing to hide or to be afraid of.

  Honesty with him wasn’t an ab-
straction. It was something real—as
solidly practical as the rock founda-
tion of a lighthouse or a sky-scraper.

  And more than once he had seen
men squirm—bigger men than Cyrus
F. Miller—through lacking this thing.
Somewhere in the construction of their
lives there was a hidden fault—a shift-
ing foundation, a missing girder, cheap
material.

  Such spectacles, apart from his in-
stinctive charity, had always consoled
him, strengthened him in his own
course. But he was experiencing a
different sentiment now.

  This time, there was no charity. He
didn’t want to gloat, but he did —
just a' little.

  Mr. Miller was obviously afraid.
Whatever the cause of it, Birkland was
fully conscious now of the advantage
that it gave him. There was another
whispering advocate pleading his
cause apart from the one or the sev-
eral at the door.

  It was Mr. Miller’s own conscience,
and it didn’t matter much whether its
theme was the wreck of the Hambleton
National Bank and the suicide of its
president, or something else.

  “ I always have to be a little carefut
in discussing my affairs here,” said
Mr. Miller, as he wiped his dry lips
with the back of his hand. He laughed
unevenly. “ There’s always such a lot
of rubbernecks hanging around—”

  He stopped short and listened, then
once more went over to the door, with
affected carelessness this time, and
threw it open. No one was there.

  Birkland watched Mr. Miller as he
once more stared long in one direction,
then the other.

  He made a curious picture of doubt
and wondering suspicion, for his neck
was long, his jaws bulged roundly just
under the ears, and the ears themselves
stood well out from the head.

  And Birkland himself was interest-
ed. He had heard the sounds. There
could be no doubt about them. He
ventured a suggestion.

  “ Maybe it was a rat.”

  “ Rats don’t whisper,” the other ob-
jected.

  “ Then, it’s to be three thousand
dollars,” said Birkland. resuming
negotiations.

  “ Cash—this afternoon.”

  “ Or to-morrow.”

  “ To-morrow at the latest, subject
to one condition, Mr. Birkland. I’m
a fool to make such a bargain, but the
fact needn’t be advertised. I want
you to keep quiet about it. I can keep
the transfer quiet. What did I say—
three thousand dollars? Oh, I can’t
let it go for that! ”
94

'ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

  “ And I also have a condition or
two, Mr. Miller,” said Birkland, dis-
regarding the last declaration. “ I
want the old house you moved off for
a cider-mill.”

  “ All for four thousand dollars ? ”

  “ For three—and then, something
else.”

  Mr. Millers eyes shifted to one of
the windows, almost opaque with
grime, then back to the door.

  “ That’s curious,” said Birkland
evenly; “I also heard it again—just
outside the door.” He waited for a
moment or two. ** For three thousand
dollars, and then something else.”
“What?”

  “ Mr. Miller, when I lived in that
house, there was a big stone in front
of the fireplace—the old hearthstone.
Do you remember it? ”

  “ What—an old hearthstone ? ”

  It was evident that Mr. Miller was
either sparring for time or that his
mind was too taken up with other
thoughts.

  “ Yes. Where is it? ”

  “ Why, I don’t remember anything
about an old hearthstone.”

  “Think!”

  Mr. Miller, nervous, suddenly lost
his temper.

  “ What are you talking about
now ? ” he demanded, with snarling in-
solence. “ You come around here
with a picayune offer for your dad-
blasted land, and I give in to you like
a dad-blasted fool; and you want me
to throw in a dod-rotted shack; and
now you begin bellerin’ for a hunk of
dirty claystone—”

  “ So you do remember it! ” said
Birkland. “Where is it?”

  “ It’s none of your business where
it is.”

  “ Where is it? ”

  Birkland hadn’t turned a hair nor
shifted his eyes. His voice was low.
“Well, by— Well, by—”

  Miller stopped, suffocated.

  “ Where is it? ” demanded Birkland,
more softly still. He even smiled a
little.

  Two sounds reached them as they sat
there in the grimy little room. One
was a confused murmur in the distance
—* a crowd cheering, perhaps. The
other was a recurrence of that ghostly
sibilance at the door.

  “You can go to hell!” said Mr.
Miller whiningly. “ I’m going to get
out of here. I’ve got other things to
attend to.”

  “ Sit down,” Birkland whispered,
“ and listen to what I have to say. It
won’t take long.”

  Fear and anger were both on the
other’s face as he again sat down.
There followed another period of lis-
tening. Birkland’s voice was still dis-
passionate as he resumed:

  “ You and I will go over together to
Major Woods’s office and seal this bar-
gain for the land and the house, as we
agreed, and you’ll have that much off
your mind. You’ve got enough on
your mind, haven’t you? Cheers up
the street, whispers at the door, rumors
going around town — some pretty
shrewd investigators busy at the bank.”
“ What do you mean? ”

  “ Where’s that old hearthstone ? ”
Miller let out a raucous little cry, not
very loud, but hideous—a laugh and a
sob and a curse.

  “All right,” said Birkland; “that’s
enough for one day. Come on; we’ll
go and see Major'Woods.”

  It was Miller who opened the door.
But before he went out into the cor-
ridor he once more extended his long
neck for a look to left and to right.
No one there, and he laughed.

  Birkland also paused just outside the
door. He was puzzled. Those voices
couldn’t have been all imagination. A3
soiled newspaper on the dirty, unswept
floor at his feet attracted his attention.
It was a copy of the special edition that
had heralded the failure of the bank
and Campbell’s death.

  He read again the head-line:

BANK RIFLED—PRESIDENT A SUICIDE!

As he read, a passing breeze gave the
page an air of animation. It lifted and
THE LOST HEARTHSTONE.

95

scraped against the door with a rus-
tling whisper.

CHAPTER XXXV.
Signs of Storm.

IT isn't often that there is a concord-
ance between weather and human
events on this planet.

  Many of the worst tragedies befall
under a smiling sky. The sun shines
bright and the boy drowns, the girl
goes wrong, the invalid opens the door
on eternity.

  But as Birkland followed Miller out
into the street it seemed, somehow, as
though the whole world partook of
those qualities that distinguished the
room they had just left—dust and
gloom, a gray atmosphere of huddling
fear. He cast an eye aloft.

  A storm was coming up.

  The sky was overcast with coldly
sodden clouds driven furiously out of
the north. There had been a marked
drop in the temperature since morning.
Now and then a gust of wind lashed
out with an invisible knout, cutting and
freezing the shrinking mortal wherever
it struck.

  Birkland shivered; shivered twice—
once physically, once mentally.

  It wasn’t like this that he would have
had things come about, he told himself.
It wasn’t on this sort of a day that he
would have negotiated the purchase of
his birthplace. It seemed to him, al-
most, as though he were participating
in a crime.

  Perhaps he was. Just how much
had there been of blackmail in these
negotiations, so far as they had gone?

  Miller slumped along, furtively, ab-
sorbed, planning something that only
he might know. Then he and Birkland
were brought together by a peculiar in-
cident—peculiar because it seemed so
out of place in the frigid gloom—a re-
currence of the cheering they had
heard.

  Yet, the steps of the bank were de-
serted.

  They looked at each other. Before
they had time to speculate as to the
nature of the celebration—or whatever
it might be—the cause of it appeared.
Charley, the policeman, had at last
made his arrest.

  The prisoner was the small man with
the big head. There had evidently
been a chase. Both were panting and
disheveled.

  “ I tell you,” shouted the little man,
“ they don’t arrest no robbers! They
arrest the feller that’s robbed! ”

  Again the crowd cheered, enjoying
the diversion mightily.

  Cyrus F. Miller stepped into a door-
way, and Birkland instinctively placed
himself in front of him. The crowd
was coming in their direction. But the
little man had seen him.

  “ There’s one of them, now,” he
howled.

  Charley, the policeman, jerked him
by the arm, bade him to come along;
but the crowd was pressing close, and
the prisoner felt that it was with him.

  “ If I had my way,” he bawled
savagely, “ I’d hang him up now to a
telephone-pole.”

  There were hoots and jeers. The
crowd surged past, the little man
making a desperate effort to delay the
march.

  “ You’ll get yours, you old skin-
flint!”

  What else he had to say was lost in
the noisy tumult of the crowd. Birk-
land looked back at the man behind
him with a smile. Mr. Miller also
smiled, crookedly, but he was
trembling.

  Major Woods’s office was in the
Templar Block, on High Street. It
was there that the Good Templars had
their hall, and on this particular day
many of the younger generation, un-
awares of the greater excitement in
the street, were in the hall getting
ready for some festival or other.

  There was a piano in the hall, and
every now and then there floated down
to the large but somewhat bare office
where the major sat a sound of dance-
96

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.-

music, the ripple and pulse of laughter
and conversation.

  The big, round stove sizzled and
clinked cheerfully with its charge of
coal—summer-weather, so far as the
major was concerned. Life was cer-
tainly good.

  He dozed awake—in that pleasant
state of somnolence wherein dreams
are subject to the will; and the major
had sent his dreams back a good many
years to the time when he and Jo
Birkland were still rivals for the hand
of Sarah Deane.

  His white beard was on his bosom.
But now and then he slowly shook his
head up and down, and again from
side to side.

  Once he murmured half aloud:

  “ Ah, me! Ah, me! ” And again i
“Good Lord! Good Lord!”

  Like many men, who have kept old
sorrows and romances alive and have
never given the world at large any
sign of it, the major had developed
into a good deal of a mystic. Such
dreams were the consolation of his old
age—they had always consoled him.

  How like it was to Sarah’s boy that
he should return like that from the
t£ast in the sudden quest of an ideal.

  Sarah had been like that. Sarah
had married Jo Birkland because—be-
cause she was sorry for him; sorrier
for him than she had been for Eli-
phalet Woods, because he, Eliphalet,
had been proud in those days and the
richer of the two.

  To the old major, sitting there with
his white beard on his spotless white
shirt and his equally white and spotless
waistcoat, it was very sweet to hear
the merrymaking of the young Tem-
plars—almost as though they were his
and Sar—*

  There was a knock at the door, and
the major roared: “Come in!”

  Early night was drawing on—mys-
terious, wild, and threatening; but as
Birkland looked out of the window
of the major’s office, with the major
at his side, he ;felt isuch a warmth in

his heart as he had hardly ever known
before.

  In the breast-pocket of his coat was'
the deed to .the land at Milldale.

  Yellow lamplight glimmered from
the windows of all the private houses
he could see, and in each one of them
he could picture some happy family-
group around a fireplace such as he
would make his own—a bivouac of
comfort, sympathy and love.

  For the first time in his life he was
appreciating what it had meant to be
alone in the world. What were riches
and success to a heart gnawed by
loneliness!

  Fireside and family!

  These were the very beginning of
things. Men were already fighting for
them back in the stone-age.

  Then the wind howled. A white
moon, with a wobegone face, peered,
ghastly, from between runaway clouds.
At the same time a lean horse, hitched
to a buggy, sprang to the touch of a
whip in the street just below.

  It was Cyrus F. Miller starting out
on his long drive to Milldale.

  “ Is he married ? ” asked Birkland,
trying to pursue, even in this connec-
tion, his former line of thought.

 “ Him— No,” said the major,
with contempt. “Lives alone—hires
paupers from the poor-house, imbeciles
and such, to do his work.”

  “ Why did you insist on paying him
the entire sum this afternoon? I could
get the money from New York by to-
morrow, or a couple of days at most.”
“ Who knows what’ll happen in a
day or so? He may go the way of
Custis Campbell, although I don’t
think he will. He’s too mean. He
may jump the country.”

  “ But why should he lie so about
that hearthstone ? ”

  “ Lord, Henry, let’s not ask why
human happiness is never perfect:—•
never right away at first, that is.”

  His hand descended gently on Birk-
land’s far shoulder, but something of
the outer cold and the wind-drivert
clouds and the gaunt horse with the
THE LOST HEARTHSTONE.

97

enterprises, such as aiding, for exam-
ple, the panting hordes of the slums to
do what he himself was doing, to get
back to the universal mother of all

fear-haunted man behind had struck
into Birkland’s heart.

CHAPTER XXXVI.

Sun and Shadow.

THIS feeling was to remain with
    him for days.

  He didn’t know it then. He was
only conscious that it was there—that
the garden of his dreams had a ghost
in it. And, methodically, he set out to
lay it.

  He had ample time to think—some-
thing that he had lacked for a good
many years—for, with the abundant
tact of native kindness, the members
of the Woods household recognized
his needs and left him much to him-
self, even Mary.

  He was willing that this should be
so. He had enough to think about.

  First of all he knew now that he
stood committed, that he had put his
New York life behind him forever.
He had never been perfectly at home
there—not as Bruce Howland, for ex-
ample, was at home there.

  This was where he was at home, out
in the open, where neither people nor
hours were crowded.

  Not that he objected to work. He
expected to work. He had liquidated
his Susquehanna holdings, had paid
back to Major Woods the money ad-
vanced for the payment to Miller, had
even stripped himself to the extent of
three thousand dollars more which he
had sent to Bruce Howland as a return
of the friendly deception in the matter
of the undeclared dividends.

  He was a poor man, with scarcely
four thousand dollars to his credit. He
would have to work.

  But he expected to both work and
grow. It was in such towns and coun-
ties and States as this that the country
had found her Presidents.

He nourished no delusions about
ever becoming President, nor of enter-
ing politics, even; but there were other
big jobs abroad—great constructive
7 a-s c

men.

  Thus he became certain that back of
the impulse which had caused him to
put New York behind him was some-
thing more than mere sentiment, pow-
erful as sentiment is in the life of every
man.

  He had, in some way, obeyed the
call of destiny as well. All men are
“ men of destiny,” said Birkland to
himself. It was destiny which had
brought him back to the Miami Valley,
and it was here that destiny would give
him his work to do.

  Therefore, it was fated that he go
on with his project to put his old
homestead in order—whatever diffi-
culties were in his way—and to build
up a family around him—whatever
difficulties might be in the way of that
either.

  And wasn’t it destiny, also, which
had kept Mary Harmon free, youthful,
beautiful?

  Mary sustained him in all things. He
couldn’t keep even his worries to him-
self, however much he might have
wanted to. She was one of those rare
creatures—not so rare to-day as they
were a while ago—who have a work-
ing philosophy of life and abide by it
and impart it to others.

  “ Keep demanding, keep asking,”
she would thrill to him when she knew
that he was depressed, “ and you’ll re-
ceive.”

  He couldn’t quite see why this —
should be, but it consoled him. He
even came to believe it.

  “ Don’t; worry about the future,”
she would urge again. “ Do the right
and beautiful thing now—the thing
that’s in line with the plan, and you’ll
see how splendidly everything will
work out.”

  Birkland would look at her with
baffled wonder.

  Up to then he had been optimistic to
the ejstent that two plus two equal
98

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

four, and that a brick would stay up if
it were laid level on two other bricks
and fastened into place with mortar.

  “ Well, I’ve done the right and
beautiful thing to-day,” he confessed
one evening at the supper table.

  The major laughed. Mary looked
across at him with shining eyes. Mrs.
Woods paused in serving the mashed
potatoes.

  “Oh, where is it? May I see?”
cried Luella.

  “ You may,” said Birkland, laugh-
ing on his own account, “ the very first
time you go to the livery-stable. I’ve
bought Dan.”

  “Heigh-ho!” cried the major.

  “ Our first horse,” said Mary, clap-
ping her hands.

  “Yes,” Birkland went on; “but I
tempered your philosophy with mine—
made them take fifty dollars off the
price they asked—reminded them that
Dan was a sooner when it came to eat-
ing and wearing out his shoes.”

  “ Glorious! ” said Mary. “ Now I’m
sure, sure as I always have been, that
our demands are being heard.”

  It was Dan—solid, not too much in
a hurry, but kind and obedient withal
—who conducted Birkland and Mary
Harmon on their first joint trip to
Milldale.

  Birkland, taking the advice of the
major and obedient to his own impulse
in the matter, had lost no time in hav-
ing the old homestead restored to its
original position. John Brown, the
Milldale blacksmith, had undertaken
the job and done ft well—careful not
to break anything, sparing the hedge,
sparing the rose-bush that had run
wild.

  And it was John Brown who was
the first in Milldale — apart from
Mary’s Aunt Miriam—to be informed
of their engagement.

  He came out from his forge with his
wrought-iron face pliant with affec-
tionate enthusiasm.

  “ I had an eye to that,” he confided.
“ I hoped it’d be so; I couldn’t believe
it’d be otherwise.”	e

  “ Why so ? ” asked Birkland.

  He gave them a mystic smile, went
back presently to his work, pondering
no doubt on this welding of human
lives — blacksmith work, also, yet so
delicate, so tremendous.

  They drove on past the creamery—
very busy, with its smoke-stack and
panting steam-vent. There was a pos-
sible investment there, said Birkland.

  A man with limited capital, but not
too limited as to brains and energy,
could take over a plant like that and
make it grow—grow like a pumpkin-
vine, in these rich bottoms where cows
had everything to make them happy.

  “ Then, later on,” Birkland con-
tinued, “ there will be a fortune in the
building of an electric road through
this section — ‘ The Miami & Mill-
dale Electric Railway Company ’—see,
I’ve figured it out, given it a name.
I’ve even seen the farmers carrying
out their stuff for the early morning
freight-car service—a basket of eggs
for Oxford, a crate of chickens for
Hambleton, a barrel of onions for the
Grand Hotel—hamburger steak.”

  “ Oh, that’s the way of success,”
cried Mary; “ visualize what you
want, then fill it in with facts! ”

  “ Is that the way you’ve kept
beautiful? ”

  “ Am I beautiful? ”

  Birkland guided Dan into the shore
road, where he knew that no one could
see, before he answered.

  He needed—both of them needed,
perhaps—a stimulus to new courage
just then. So small, so empty—it
stood there in front of them, their
future home!

  Mary instantly had tears in her
eyes. Birkland, starting to make some
jocular remark, suddenly stopped with
a lump in his throat.

  Then she smiled.

  “ See it with flowers blooming all
around it,” she said. “ See it with the
roses clambering right up to the roof.
See it, even as merely a part of the
big and beautiful home that is to be.”
Said Birkland: “ I have. But,
THE LOST HEARTHSTONE.

V»

99

Mary, as long as that one thing is
missing—Miller has done something
with that hearthstone, and I can’t find
out. It’s the heart of everything. I
carved yotir initial, on it, as I did on
my own heart. It’s the symbol, it’s
the Holy Grail, it’s sacred.”

  “ Dear heart,” whispered Mary,
“ go ahead with the vision.”

  “ It haunts me—the ghost in my
garden! ”

   “ All ghosts are laid, sooner or later,
if we can keep the darkness away from
our thoughts.”	\

  “ I could take Miller by the neck,
and—”

  “ Sh-h! Listen; we’ll go ahead just
as though we had it, and then, when
the time comes— You’ll see!”

  Was Mary a prophet? Perhaps.
For even then Fate was preparing one
of those master plays with which she
occasionally amuses herself.

     CHAPTER XXXVII.
     The Voice of the Mob.

PROM that stormy evening when
Birkland watched Cyrus F.
Miller start off behind his gaunt horse
for the drive to Milldale, Miller had
kept out of Birkland’s sight.

  At first Birkland had made several
attempts to see the man, determined
to end some way or other the foolish-
ness concerning the hearthstone. But
Miller wouldn’t be seen.

  His house, kept prim and clean by
pauper labor, was an inhospitable place
at the best.

  It stood on a hill about a mile back
from Birkland’s place. It had about
it a certain air of hard prosperity —
painted, perfectly conserved. But the
shutters were always closed.

  No guests ever came or went. A
large, belligerent dog barked at all
those who passed in the road.

  It was here that Miller lived alone.
He was unmarried. He had no rela-
tives, so far as any one knew. He
took no interest in his neighbors.

  He did no farming. He was the
country financier, feared by some, dis-
liked by all.

  The first time that Birkland went
up to the house on the hill, he got no
further than the paling fence that sur-
rounded the door-yard. It was the big
dog, a sort of mongrel mastiff, that
stopped him. He saw no one.

  He got no answer to his hail.

  The second time he penetrated the
door-yard; the dog this time being
held in check by an imbecile man. But
the man’s only answer to his inquiries
was open-mouthed silence and a vacant
stare.

  The third time his discomfiture was
even greater, for not even the dog was
in evidence—nor a living soul.

  And Birkland’s wrath was cooled by
a certain chilling of the blood. He
wondered whether it could be true—
or whether the feeling was due to mere
nervousness — that he had been
watched by invisible eyes all the time
that he was there.

  But this was true—events in Ham-
bleton were so shaping themselves that
he was not alone in concentrating more
or less interest on Mr. Miller and his
inhospitable house.

  The deeper the investigation pro-
ceeded into the affairs of the Hamble-
ton National Bank and the circum-
stances leading up to the death of
Custis Campbell, deeper became public
conviction that Miller was in some way
involved. Nothing much was said, as
yet—save by the scatter-brained and
the gossips.

  Such subterranean murmurs often
come and go—especially in small
towns, where they are more easily
heard. Sometimes they are the fore-
runners of a cataclysm.

  As for Birkland, he had decided to
take Mary’s advice and let matters
take their course—so far as they lay
beyond his control. This was the
policy he adopted with regard to the
wrecked bank.

  All in good time, the affair would
be straightened out, so far as they
100	ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

                      »

could ever be straightened out, and
he would get his share with the others.
Already it was being computed that
the depositors would receive about
fifty per cent.

  That would mean ten thousand dol-
lars for him; and with ten thousand
dollars—

, Mild weather had again set in after
the recent storm, and, although there
was some snow on the gro.und, he had
taken Dan and moved out to Milldale,
there to make his temporary home with
Mary’s Aunt Miriam.

  He had work to do out there, and,
for the time being it was the only work
that appealed to him.

  There he could stand with his feet
on the ground—ground that his father
and mother had trod—ground that was
his own. He loved it.

  He trimmed the trees and hedges.
He and Dan worked for days hauling
boulders for the new chimney he was
to have built, and more boulders still
for the stone wall with which his
whole domain was to be surrounded.

  Much of the time Mary was there
with him; and it must have been a
sight to entertain the angels, to see
these two mated creatures planning
and building their nest against the
coming of the spring. Paths laid out,
planations of trees both useful and
ornamental decided upon, a rock-
garden there with a fountain, in it.

  A real fountain? Why not! With
a small gasoline engine to do the work,
and the abundant water that was
theirs!

  But, through it all—and Birkland
was sounding depths of happiness he
had never before imagined—there ran
that minor strain of the missing hearth-
stone.

  It had become a sort of obsession
with him. He couldn’t think of it
without feeling the skin along his
spinal column creep—where our an-
cestors, perhaps, had bristles—making
him feel a good deal as that dog of
Miller’s looked whenever there were
strangers about.

  The hearthstone was necessary.

  It was to be the talisman of this
new life of his. It was to throw all
of the good luck that might be coming
to him into this new life of his. He
worked, but he knew that he was do-
ing this chiefly through the blind faith
that Mary and his own dreams in-
spired.

  But he was waiting—waiting—

  Then, one night, Fate raised the
curtain on that master-play of hers—a
master-play so far as he, and certain
others, were concerned.

  He had retired for the night at Aunt
Miriam’s. The ojd lady lived in a
pleasant house that topped a rise on the
other side of Milldale. The weather
was mild, but not unseasonably so.

  And Birkland, with his window
wide open, had tucked the quilt about
his ears. It seemed to him that scarcely
had he closed his eyes than the waters
of the Branch had risen in a spring
freshet, were roaring as they used to
roar in the old days under the covered
bridge.

  Then, suddenly, he was wide awake,
but the roaring continued.

  There was something grisly about
it—continuous, remote, yet suggestive
of human passion. It wasn’t the river
that had a voice like that. Nor was it
Aunt Miriam, nor Sally, the hired girl.
It was outside—far away.

  There came a shot, faint yet dis-
tinct, then another and another, while
the roar went two full tones higher.
It wasn’t one voice. There were many
of them—the complex, thrilling note
of a mob.

  In an instant, he was out of bed and
hurrying into his clothes. With no
very definite idea as to what was hap-
pening as yet, still his mind kept re-
verting to the scene outside the Ham-
bleton National Bank the first day
that he had seen Cyrus F. Miller.

  The crowd then had made a sound
something like the one he was hearing
—only smaller, more fragmentary.

  He was outside, in the black village
street, before the rest of the household
THE LOST HEARTHSTONE.

101

 was disturbed. But there were lights
 in several windows. Several men
 whom he did not recognize, but who
 called him by name, passed him with
 incoherent explanations.

   A red glow appeared to the north,
 beyond the branch, in the direction of
 his home—“ his home! ”

   It couldn’t be that; but, with a sud-
 den gripping at his heart, he started to
 run. Nor did he stop until he had
 crossed the bridge, plunged down the
 shore-road and stood gasping inside
 the wall that he himself had built.

   Even here in the blackness, the
 place was hallowed.

   He loved it. The spirits of his
 mother and father, of his brothers and
 sister, of Mary, and of his own ac-
 cumulated dreams pressed about him.
 He stood there, getting his breath back.

   The red glow was brighter. On the
 horizon, strangely near, there was a
 whirling gust of flame and fantasti-
 cally luminous smoke. Now he knew.
 Comprehension staggered him.

   That was Miller’s house—the in-
 hospitable, the mysterious. The roar
 of the flames that consumed it were
 almost as loud as the roar of the mob
 that watched it bum.

Just then a black form emerged
from behind Birkland’s own shadowy
house and kept on at an awkward run
toward the road. Instinctively Birk-
' land had leaped in pursuit.

CHAPTER XXXVIII.
Men and Masks.

 JT was Miller himself.

    Birkland knew it — knew it as
 certainly as a sleuth-hound knows its
 quarry. Perhaps it was the sleuth-
 hound instinct that was uppermost
 within him just then—that here was
 the man he had been looking for and
 who never again should escape.

   A moment, and he had seized him
 roughly by arm and collar, had almost
 thrown him to the ground:

   “ Stop! Where are you going ? ”

  Miller was gasping for breath, but
there was another reason why no
words came. The face that he turned
on his captor was stamped with the
same expression that Birkland had
seen there once before.

  The darkness made it all the more
ghastly, accentuated the lines of dread
and evil.

  “For God’s sake!” he panted.
“ For God’s sake! ”

  “ What’s the matter? ”

  “ The mob! — they’re burning my
house. They want to kill me. Let me
go! ” He repeated the request in what
would have been a shriek, if tones so
small and strangled could be called a
shriek. “ Let me go! ”

  “ Where? ”

  “ To get away.”

  “ You’re guilty—you made Custis
Campbell kill himself.”

  “ So help me God! ”

  Miller made a sudden effort to free
himself, but Birkland was gripping
him with all the new strength that had
come to him with " his work out-of-
doors.

  An inner rage, controlled but burn-
ing fiercely, added' to this strength.
Now was the time to choke from this
creature the one thing he cared to
know—that secret so trivial and yet
so vital.

  Miller read his thoughts, even while
he squirmed and moaned.

  “ I sold it—that’s why I wouldn’t
tell you about it.”

  “ Sold the hearthstone ? ”

  “ A professor—”

  “ Where?”

  Miller was struggling again. He
struck and kicked with the desperation
of panic. He began to curse, weep-
ingly.

  “ They’re coming. They’ll kill me.
You want to murder me. Oh—”
While he stormed blasphemously,
taxing Birkland’s strength to keep his
mastery, there was a resurgence of
cries, nearer, more chaotic. What
Miller had said was true.

  It was the imbecile of the open
102

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

mouth and vacant stare who had seen
his master flee, then, with some
eleventh-hour awakening of the intel-
lect-—under stress of the unusual ex-
citement, the slowly accumulated
stimulus of dumb vengeance for real
or fancied wrongs—had given the
word.

  There was no time to be lost. Birk-
land sought to listen, to form a plan.

  He shook Miller savagely.

  “ Keep quiet,” he hissed, “ or I’ll
smash you myself.”

  “ Save me! •” Miller sobbed. “ Let
me go! ”

  The request, hysterical as it was,
gave Birkland, hard pressed, the idea
he sought.

  “ I’ll save you, but I won’t let you
go,” he said. “ Come with me.”

   Still gripping his prisoner, he made
for the shore-road and started toward
the village. Now and then he looked
back. Xhe mob was coming on.

  Some of its members carried
lanterns. Some carried improvised
torches, which they sought to keep
flaming by whirling them overhead.
But progress was slow. They were
scattered. They were making some
pretense at trailing over the half-
melted snow. Where to,?

  Birkland had a half-formed plan of
hurrying Miller on through the village
to Aunt Miriam’s house, greatly as he
disliked to do so. But even that would
be preferable to turning Miller over
to the mob. He knew what a mob
might do.

  He remembered having seen once,
when he was a little boy, a souvenir
of mob-rule hanging to a tree one
frosty morning in a village not ten
miles away. He shuddered.

  He was equally determined, how-
ever, to prevent Miller’s flight.

  In his own mind, he believed that
Miller was guilty, if only in part, of
the ruin of Campbell and the wreck-
ing of the bank, had believed so ever
since that morning he had seen the
man shiver and turn white at the touch
of a strange hand on his shoulder.

  They were passing through the all
but opaque shadows of the cotton-
wood-trees near the bridge when
Miller made his last desperate attempt
to free himself from Birkland’s grasp.
It came without warning—a backward
kick, a blow, a floundering lurch.

  Then, before Birkland could have
retaliated, even had he wanted to, they
had all but collided with some one else.
In the dim light, Birkland recognized
the silhouette of the newcomer, and
his heart gave a surge of relief.

  It was John Brown, the blacksmith.
He had come just in time.

  While Birkland was still gasping
out an explanation there was an out-
burst of hoarse cries not far back of
them. The vanguard of the mob had
come upon the fresh footprints, doubt-
less, at the side of the deserted house.

  The blacksmith had taken one of
Miller’s arms in his own mighty grip.
He listened to Birkland, disregarding
altogether the blasphemous demands
and whimperings that again poured
from the prisoner’s crooked mouth.

  “ We’ll run him up to the forge,”
said Brown, “ and keep him there until
the crowd goes away.”

  But they hadn’t taken a dozen steps
before the crowd was on their trail
with wild hurrahs. Birkland cast one
glance over his shoulder, saw a con-
fused and grotesque constellation of
flickering, bobbing lights.

  “ We’ll have to run,” he gasped.

  “ Run,” ordered Brown, jerking at
Miller’s arm.

  But it was almost more than Miller
could do. . He sagged and lurched like
a drunken man. There came a click-
ing sound from his throat, as though
his body refused to breathe even with-
out a protest.

  “ Run, dog-gone you! ” commanded
the blacksmith again.

  By this time he and Birkland were
dragging Miller along in a shuffling
effort at speed. It was heartbreaking
labor. The crowd was gaining,
though still unconscious that the man
they sought was just ahead.
THE LOST HEARTHSTONE.

103

  They had mounted the rise by the
bridge, were in the main street of the
village, with the blacksmith-shop not
a hundred yards away when the thing
happened. It fell upon them, like so
many big events, with unnoticed pre-
liminaries, for all of a sudden without
gradation the mob was upon them and
around them.

  There was an orgie of disordered
light and movement and clamorous
sound.

  Birkland was fighting and shouting
to protect the man to whom he clung.
He knew that the blacksmith was
doing the same.

  It was phantasmal, nightmarish; for
he wasn’t fighting men—there were
men in the background whom he dimly
saw—but he was fighting with
creatures who were masked and who
made no human sound.

CHAPTER XXXIX.

Missing, One Prisoner.

THEY were at the door of the forge
before Birkland had his first con-
scious communication with the black-
smith since the fighting began.

  He knew that he had been struck,
and that he had struck, but his body
was too hot and his nerves too excited
for details. The communication of
the blacksmith reached him rather by
some sixth sense than by the ordinary
sense of hearing.

  “ Hold them off a minute while I
get him inside.”

  And .Birkland did so.

 Suddenly he laughed. He was
breathless, wildly excited, had burning
spots about him that he dimly recog-
nized as hurts. But he laughed, for
in the sweaty, dusty, brutal phantas-
magoria of which he was the 'center he
had recognized a familiar figure.

  It was that of the small man with
the big head.

  He still wore his derby hat pushed
far back from his bulging forehead.
Like most of those who were pressing

close he was masked—an ordinary
handkerchief tied across his face and
holes cut in it.

  As if there could be any disguise for
that miniature stature and oversized
head!

  A Napoleon of a man! A little
corporal!

  To make the analogy still more com-
plete, this hideous, funny little figure
wore the counterpart of a military sash
•—a sinister and lugubrious thing, for
it was a coil of manila rope, swing-
ing from one shoulder down to the
opposite hip.

  Time—that was the thing that was
most needed now. Concentrating all
the physical strength that remained to
him, Birkland, almost in a single
movement, had grasped the coil of
rope, bringing the little man with it,
and was leaning back against the door
through which the blacksmith had just
disappeared.

  Intuition, always quicker and more ‘
direct than thought, had told him that
here was his one best hope for diver-
sion. Even in a mob a man’s vanity
may be reached.

  “ Tell your men to hold off a min-
ute.” he shouted.

  The wearer of the rope was waving
his arms. Leader, he was, perhaps.

  “ Hold off a minute,” he bellowed.
And again: “ Hold off a minute,
you—”

  He backed up the adjuration with
a string of frightful oathsA He was
creating a diversion at any rate.
There was a sufficient subsidence of
other sound for him to be heard.

  There were others who began to
laugh—from sheer hysteria, most
likely.

  “ No mob-law here,” shouted Birk-
land; “this is our county, this is our
State!”

  The little man turned, wrath at
having been tricked, even for a mo-
ment, burning manifest through his
flimsy disguise, making his body
quiver.

  “ .The hell you say! ” he shrieked.
104

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

“ We come out here for Miller. Boys,
he’s trying- to save him as robbed us! ”
Birkland didn’t let time enough
elapse for this verbal firebrand to do
much damage. He was thrilled by the
image of his own words—“ our
county, our State! ” He could never
have used such words, nor conceived
such a thought even a little while ago.

   “ I tell you mob-law is a disgrace,”
he shouted at the top of his lungs.
“ There’ll be none of it in Butler
County—there’ll be none of it in this
part of Ohio, so help me God!”

  There were those who were listen-
ing—he could feel it—especially on
the outer fringe of the crowd, boys
and men who had had no part in the
mob’s original activities and purpose.
“ You’re not attacking one man.
You’re attacking all of us. You’re
disgracing other homes! ”

  “ Come on, boys; we’ll duck him in
the crick! ” bellowed the little man.
“He’s Miller’s friend!”

  He raised his arm and struck twice
at Birkland, hitting him on breast and
chin.

  Sporadic fights were starting else-
where, between members of the orig-
inal mob and some of the villagers, no
doubt. On one side of him, some one
had lit a newspaper and was trying to
set fire to the old plank walls of the
smithy.

  There was a crushing attack in that
direction, and the attempt became a
scrimmage.

  On Birkland’s other side, another
member of the mob had discovered a
plank that was loose and started to
pull it off. A moment later he had
fallen back with a cry, all but impaled
by a steel rod thrust from the interior.

  Then there was the blacksmith at
Birkland’s side again. It wasn’t a mo-
ment for fine ethical questions as to
the propriety of choosing an antago-
nist of one’s own size.

  John Brown signalized his return to
activity by bringing his mighty palm
down with crushing weight on top of
the derby hat. The little corporal

  went down as though he had been a
peg on soft ground and hit by a
mallet.

  “ We want Miller,” came a raucous
voice on an alcoholic gale.

  Birkland saw a revolver with a
general background of handkerchief!
and mustache. He and John Brown
had grabbed at the weapon, both at
the same time. There was a report.

  It felt to Birkland as though one
of his fingers had been blown away—
as a matter of fact, he was merely
burned and slightly nicked—but he
caught the revolver as it fell. The
blacksmith had seized the fellow’s arm.

   It was that shot, then a shriek.

  “You’ve broken my arm!”

  “ That’s what I wanted to do,” said
the blacksmith.

  Birkland held up the revolver in his
wounded hand. There was little light.
Torches had been abandoned. Several
of the lanterns had gone out altogether
or were flickering dimly, kicked about.

  How long would it last? The whole
thing had lasted but a few seconds,
that he knew.

  Simultaneously with his movement
and his thought came the diversion
that he was unconsciously praying for.

  There was an eddy of movement, a
new vortex of sound off to the left,
and he saw that out of the night some
one had arrived in a buggy. He caught
a glance of a thin-necked horse with
its head held high, then of a bearded
man striking to left and to right and
getting no blows in return.

  Erom the rim of the crowd a dozen
voices clamored the news.

   “ It’s the sheriff! ”

  Then the man himself declared the
fact:

   “ I’m sheriff of this county.”

   Then he raised his voice still louder.

  “ Grab one or two of them, Bill,
before they get away! ”

  There was a stampede.

  Only the man with the broken arm
was left behind — and him only be-
cause he was too sick to run. The
little man with the derby hat might
THE LOST HEARTHSTONE.

105

have been caught, only, in that mo-i
mentous fraction of a second, the
blacksmith was engaged in giving him
a kick in the region where a kick is
most likely to induce speed.

   It induced speed this time—the little
corporal was off like a scared rabbit,,
rope and all.

   “ Boys,” said the sheriff, addressing.
Birkland and the blacksmith indiffer-
ently, “ it ’pears I got here a little
late.”

  There was a minute or so of con-
fusion, and then they were crowding
into the smithy. It was cavernous and
dark.

  “Hey, Miller,” cried Mr. Brown;
“ here’s the sheriff.”

  No voice answered him.

  Cyrus F. Miller was gone.

CHAPTER XL.

The One Great Thing.

“WOU’RE a hero,” said Mary as
she corked the arnica-bottle, on
the following afternoon, and brought
Birkland’s bandaged hand lightly to
her cheek. “ Ah, I almost wish that
you were still more badly hurt—nos
I don’t mean that—so that I could
take still greater care of you.”

  “ What if I’d been crippled for
life?” asked Birkland with a quiz-
zical smile, merely wondering what
she would say.

  “ Oh, I should have loved it—you
know what I mean—to be your nurse,
your mother, your—your—”

  “ I know,” Birkland answered
softly; “my—my—everything.”

  He used his hurt hand, this time,
to draw her closer to him, knowing
that it would furnish her sufficient ex-
cuse, if one were needed, for not
resisting overmuch.

  She had given him the news from
Hambleton.

  It appeared that little Mrs. Camp-
bell, in searching through her hus-
band’s effects, had at last discovered
a paper that had made it abundantly

clear that Cyrus F. Miller was impli-
cated in the dead banker’s peculations,
if not actually the instigator of them.

  It had begun by illegal loans—to
Miller—and then Miller had used
these very loans as a club to force the
banker on down the crooked path.
The word had gone abroad, and late
that evening the mob had formed.

  “ You’re a hero,” she repeated.
“ The sheriff says that if it hadn’t
been for you there would have been
one of those horrible lynchings.”

  “ John Brown did more than I did.”
“You and Mr. Brown; but you’ve
shed your blood in defense of a princi-
ple. Such actions never fail to do
good in the world—to bring their own
reward.”

  Birkland laughed.

  “ I lost an opportunity, rather. I
had the measly rascal where I wanted
him—luck threw him into my hands.
I could have settled the matter of the
hearthstone, at least, once and for all,
but I let him get away.”

  “ That doesn’t matter,” she con-
soled him, with conviction. “ The
great thing is to act always as though
you had the thing you wanted—that’s
the real test of strength and faith).
That’s what you’ve done. You’ll see
—ah, can’t you see that all the happi-
ness .and wealth and power in the
world is ours, already? That the great
plan is working out?”

  “ Yes,” Birkland whispered, as she,
forgetful of herself in her seriousness,
lifted her face to his.

  As a matter of fact, it did seem
that events were shaping themselves
for the good—that the plan, as Mary
called it, was beneficent in its general
drift, whatever the incidental features
of it might appear.

  Miller was gone—good riddance of
a bad neighbor.

  So much of a blight removed from
future peace and happiness, so Birk-
land figured it. He could never have
been perfectly content with a neigh-
bor like that soiling the landscape and
atmosphere.
106

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

    Then, one day, he got a letter '*from
 Amos T. Merriman, Julia’s father.
 Birkland’s heart missed a beat as there
 fell from the envelope a check for
 thi'/ty-one hundred dollars. The old
 gentleman explained succinctly that
 he had made a “ killing ” in ice, and
 that he was merely returning Birk-
 land’s principal and his share of the
 profits.

   Great Heavens! And he had per-,
 mitted himself to harbor doubts about
 the future!

   As he stood there with the check in
 his hand, some trick of the imagina-
 tion transformed Mary’s philosophy
 into something that he could visualize.

   Milldale, Butler County, Ohio, the
 United States, the world at large, In-
 finity—these were the heritage of the
 optimists. The deed to their posses-
 sion was faith—the ability, as Mary
 had said, “ to act always as though
 you had the thing you wanted.” Faith
 had started him out from New York,
 it had given him this check, it had
 given him Mary.

   It was the one great thing, and on
 this he would build his home and his
 future.

He acted on this clear vision with-
out delay. He hitched up Dan and
" drove into Hambleton, and there hired
a carpenter and a maspn. Winter was
breaking.

   There were evidences of an early*
 spring. Work on the old house could
 begin at once.

   Then he drove down to the Grand
 Hotel and called out the porter. The
 negro came with a shuffle and a grin.
 He and Birkland had become better
 acquainted.

   “ Ambrose,” said Birkland, “ I’ve
 been thinking over what you said
 about wanting to work in the country.
 When can you begin ? ”

   “ Does you mean when I can begin,
 boss ? ”

   Ambrose was still trying to smile,
 but his emotions were_ getting the
 better of him. He had long been har-
 boring thoughts of marriage.

  “ Yes, I’ll want a go«d strong man
for a lot of hard work—looking after
the horse, raising some vegetables and
com.”

  “ Co’n! ” cried Ambrose softly.
And he repeated the word with a rising
quaver, quite as though the word con-
veyed some promise that was too good
to be true: “ Co’n! Oh, Lawdy, Mis-
tah Birkland, jest see this nigger in de
vineyard! ”

  Birkland drove on around to the
Woods home. He had been saving
this part of his day’s activities to the
last.

  Luella opened the door for him. He
gave her a hasty hug and a kiss, saw
Mary appear in the hall. Without an
instant’s hesitation he advanced and
threw both arms about her, kissing her
also, as Luella watched, first with
amazement, then with skipping joy.

  “ When are you going to marry
me ? ” he demanded, without other pre-
liminary. “ Don’t run away, Luella;
this is a family affair. When?” he
persisted. “ To-day, to-morrow, next
week, or when the first spring flowers
are in bloom ? ”

  “Oh, Henry!”

  “You’ve ’found your hearthstone!”
she thrilled.

“No,” he answered; “I’m taking
your advice—acting as though I had.”
“ Then, you’ll be sure to have it.”

 “ When?”

  “ Some day, soon, I know; it will
turn up—”

 “ No; I mean—when—will—you—
marry me ? ”

  With his arms about both Luella
and Mary he led them into the parlor.
Mother Woods was away at a meeting
of the ladies of her church.. Major
Woods had not yet returned from the
law-office, where he still made a pre-
tense at business. There was ample
time for discussion.

  “ And now, dear little Luella,” said
Birkland; “you go over to the piano
and play all the prettiest pieces that
you know.”

  “ I make a good many mistakes,”
THE LOST HEARTHSTONE.

107 /

declared that young lady, with becom-
ing modesty.

  “ Oh, that’s all right, honey,” said
Birkland; “ your Aunt Mary and I
sha’n’t mind.”

CHAPTER XLI.

Found, Found at Last!

CPRING coming on, and the Miami
Valley, with the rest of the
northern hemisphere, was getting ready
to perform the annual miracle-play.

  It might have been merely due to
his changed outlook on life, or it might
have been due to the actual betterment
in his prospects, but as Birkland went
about his daily work he felt, for the
first time in his life, that he was in
partnership with everything about
him.

  During his early struggles in New
York he had often envied those men
who possessed “ influence ”—men in
touch with the “ big interests,” the
great banks and the great corporations.

  He was becoming master now of
another sort of influence—an influ-
ence compared with which the sort he
once envied was a most trivial thing.
He was in touch with something
greater than any millionaire or any in-
stitution. He was in touch with some-
thing that was superhuman. It was
the Primal Cause.

  He knew it—the thing that was in-
forming nature was informing his own
life, and he acted accordingly.

  He and Mary were to be married
the first week in April. He was pro-
ceeding with his arrangements for this
event as calmly and confidently as the
cottonwoods and willows were pre-
paring for their own part in the spring
pageant.

  The rock-chimney was rising in its
place.

  There was a wide porch around the
house. The paths that he and Mary
had laid out were being smoothed and
graveled. Trees and bushes were ar-
riving by the dozen from the nursery

and were being set out, each in its
proper place.

  There was a rock-garden with a
fountain in it. A magic day would
come—before very long, now—when
the flowers would bloom and the
sparkling water leap into the air.

  Dan went about his work with per-
fect patience, a perfect understanding
—apparently—what it was all about;
how solemn it was, and important.

  And it was with the same patience,
the same sense of importance, but with
a degree of more manifest enthusiasm,
that Mr. Ambrose White went about
his part of the labor; for there was a
small house—white folks would have
called it a bungalow—newly built,
back by the wood-lot, and already
there were morning-glory seeds in the
clean and fecund earth at the side
of it.

  Ambrose had secretly decided upon
the same day in April for his own
nuptials. Some day, he told himself,
there would be piccaninnies running
about these fields and fishing for tooth-
some catfish in the Branch.

  There were two things that might
have caused Birkland worry — that
might, at any rate, have put a couple
of drops of gall into the ambrosia of
this new life of his.

  One of these was hi$ financial con-
dition. By careful management he
would be able to live on what he had
without the necessity of looking for a
job.

  He was a poor man, judged by the
standards he had built up for himself
and to which he still adhered, only a
few months back.

  It surprised him at times to find
himself so calmly looking the future
in the face, thinking big thoughts,
planning big things despite this handi-
cap. But, even when he tried to, he
couldn’t get rid of the sense of abun-
dance, that he would have all that he
needed; and that, when lie needed it,
the necessary money would appear.

  There was a material basis for this
feeling.
108

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

  He was getting more encouraging)
letters from Bruce Howland of late.
Bruce had been making a long, uphill
fight and was winning out.

  He had taken the three thousand
dollars that Birkland had sent back to
him and bought with it, for Birkland!s
account—so he said—as much of the
stock as he could that Birkland him-
self was offering.

  “ You showed faith in me, old
man,” he wrote, “ when the world was
pronouncing me a rotten risk. Now,
I’ve got faith in myself, faith in the
Susquehanna—”

  Birkland sent back a telegram—•
“ Stick to your faith, and God bless
you.”

  But even without the Susquehanna
there was wealth enough for every
one, right there in the Miami Valley
—the countless billions of cells, each
one a wealth-factory, that went to
make up organic and inorganic nature.
It made Birkland’s head swim to think
of the opportunities that lay waiting
for him at his door.

  The other thing that might have
caused him worry, but did not, was
the matter of the missing hearthstone.

  That was the one detail of the re-
juvenated old home that remained un-
finished. He had lacked the heart—
or the indifference—to put in another
stone, as yet.	r

  He fought the matter over in his
mind, especially at night. Often he
would get up in the morning de-
termined to settle the matter once and
for all by putting the new hearthstone
into place. If the old one appeared
later on, no harm done—that would be
time enough for a change.

  But he could never quite bring him-
self to carry this plan into execution.

  A thousand subtle advocates would
appear to bid him stay—some forgot-
ten sight or smell or association that
would bring the whole world of spirit
and imagination into pulsing life; the
very feel of <the air around him
waking, in the back of his brain, the
loves and aspirations of boyhood.

  And then, once more, Birkland
would recognize that this particular
piece of stone was not only a symbol
that he sought, but a talisman.

  He discussed the matter at length
with John Brown, the blacksmith, who
was a kindred spirit and could under-
stand—told him what Miller had said
about it the night he fled.

  “ Said he sold it, did he ? He could
hardly have made that up—not with
that mob at his heels.”

  “ Yet, who would have bought it? ”
“ It might have made a tombstone
No—it couldn’t have been that—not
Harris, at any rate. Harris has a
quarry of his own, except for fancy
granite and marble.”

  “ It might have been bought as a
geological specimen.”

  “ That’s right—there was a pro-
fessor around here some years ago
picking at the rocks.”

  He followed these clues with no great
hope. Twice he hitched up Dan and,
Mary at his side, visited the cemeteries
for miles around.

  Once he drove to Oxford, ten miles
away, where there was a university,
and talked to the professor of geology
there. Even his disappointment on
these occasions was tinged with a sort
of melancholy pleasure. He was neg-
lecting nothing—was doing what he
ought to do.

  Then, one evening, in the middle
of March, he had a sudden, pulse-
quickening premonition that all was
well.

  He was walking from the post-of-
fice to Aunt Miriam’s at the time. He
stopped in his tracks and wondered
what it was. He knew that this feel-
ing that had swept in upon him was
not due to ordinary causes. Mary had
been waiting for him on other eve-
nings than this. On other evenings
the air had been exhilarating, cool,
spiced with the perfumes of stirring
life.

  He hurried back to the shore-road.
How beautiful his home looked there
in the glamouring dusk!
THE LOST HEARTHSTONE.

109

  A moment later he was hailed by
the voice of Ambrose White:

  “ Hey, Mistah Birkland, we’ve
found yo’ hearthstone! ”

CHAPTER XLII.

Out of the Shadows.

7YMBROSE wasn’t alone. He was
accompanied by a thin wraith of
a figure whom Birkland immediately
recognized.

  It was the imbecile pauper who had
formerly worked for Cyrus F. Miller.
Sight of him brought with it a meas-
ure of revelation. Birkland’s thought
flew to the hill where Miller's house
had formerly stood.

  Ever since the night the mob had
visited the place and Miller had fled,
it had remained deserted — lonely,
haunted, hideous; ashes, charred wood,
crumbling brick, and twisted metal
where the prim house and stables had
been; poultry scattered no one knew
where; the body of that belligerent
dog somewhere in the ruins; the three
horses and a cow that had been
Miller’s “ boarded out ” until the day
that the sheriff should sell them to pay
the cost of their “ keep.”

  That was where the hearthstone
must be. In his supreme moment,
with sudden death clamoring at his
heels, Miller had been true to the
habits of a lifetime and had lied.
That was the truth.

  Ambrose explained that late that
afternoon he had seen the pauper
poking round in the ruins and had
watched him, wondering what he was
about. Then he had seen the man try-
ing to lift a weight from among the
debris that half filled the cellar of the
house. It was the hearthstone.

  Ambrose recognized it from having
heard Birkland speak about it.

  “ He started fer to run away,” said
Ambrose, with a touch of legitimate
pride; “ but I says: * No sir; you
come along wif me. Mistah Birk-
land’ll want to talk wif you,’ I says.”

  “Did he kick?” asked Birkland.

  “No sir; he didn’t ’ject any.”

  Birkland looked at the pauper. He
stood there, mouth open, indifferent, as
one who bears his honors lightly. It
was getting dark.

  “ What did you want there ? ”
Birkland asked gently.

  The man squirmed like a bashful
child, murmured something, looked
over his shoulder.

  “ He says as how he wants to go
back there,” Ambrose interpreted.

  “ Get your lantern, Ambrose, and
come in,” Birkland ordered.

  He wouldn’t allow himself to get
excited—wouldn’t admit the emotion
that was knocking at the doors of his
heart; not yet; there might be a mis-
take; yet all the time he was hearing
the rising voices of that invisible choir
of his—the one that had rustled its
wings on a certain other evening, that
time when he had first kissed Mary
Harmon.

  They traversed the old orchard,
made their way up over the darkening
hillside; still silent, they entered the
haunted precinct and clambered with
precaution into the odorous, littered
cellar—the pauper, the negro, the man
who had risked his all to find this
thing.	.

  A great hush fell, momentary,
secular.

  Then Ambrose, with a gurgling ex-
pression of satisfaction, had dropped
on one knee, was holding the lantern
close.

  Birkland’s knees were trembling.
His heart was like a castle besieged,
by this time battered, almost at the
point of giving away. There was no
mistake.

  Even had his senses failed him fhere
would still have been no chance for
mistake. His very soul was pro-
claiming the thing.

  Here was the hearthstone!

  Ambrose was busy with one of his
padded, efficient palms, brushing the
ashes away. Birkland knelt beside
him.
110

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

    Detail after detail came into view—
 each one signaling an incident or an
 epoch in his life. Here was the string
 of “ lozengers ” he had traced, time
 and again, into the mysterious depths
 of the rock, like a little chain of
 events that would end—who could see
 where and how?

   “ Praise God! ” crooned Ambrose.

    Little “ curlicues ” appeared, tiny
 fossils of a life long since extinct;

•	vibrant still with that other life which,
  living, they had never known.

    “ Oh, praise His name! ” breathed
 the negro, his emotion breaking into
 incipient song.

   The imbecile behind them stirred
 from his trance and mumbled softly,
 incoherently; but neither Birkland nor
 Ambrose paid attention.

   As. the ashes were brushed away
 there appeared an area more polished
 than the rest—polished, Birkland rec-
 ollected with a fresh catching at his
 heart, by a blessed human contact that
 this stone brought back to him, made
 his again to have as long as he lived.

    His father’s knees had rested here
 as he knelt in the holy, domestic serv-
 ice of lighting the fire; his mother had
 swept it and scoured it, kept it sweet
 and clean; his brothers and sisters
 had played there with him; the soles
 of his bare feet knew the warm,
 smooth comfort of it.

   And there came back to Birkland
 the slap of warm water and the smell
 of Castile soap, an evocation of his
 mother giving him, on such a night as
 this, a warm bath before sending him
 off to his dreams.

    “ Mr. Birkland,” said Ambrose, “ I
 jes’ feel like singin’ a hymn. Now,
 you got two hearthstones.”

   “ You can have the other one,”
 said Birkland, stifled. “ You and
 Priscilla will want a new one—for
 you and your children and your chil-
 dren’s children.”

    Ambrose was cleaning out a little
 hollow. It surrounded a “ trolobite ”
 that Birkland recognized. He and
 Lem had worked long, "with their dull

old Barlows, to dig it out of the em-
bedding rock.

  Then Birkland remembered another
detail. He had not forgotten it com-
pletely. Even now, through the stress
of all those oth^r crowding memories,
it had hovered near, elusive yet ready
to assert its claim.

  “ This corner, Ambrose,” he whis-
pered. “ Brush it off here.”

  Then he saw it—like a smile of one
of the spirit presences around him
suddenly materialized it came to him
'—the mark that he himself had
carved there with such secret love and
yearning, the dim beginning of a
letter “ M.”

  There came to him now a passion of
energy, a sort of leaping eagerness to
hasten this long, long dream of his
to final realization. *

  “ Come on, Ambrose,” he cried;
“ we’ll lift it up, get it out of here.”
Every wasted moment had become
a moment of desecration.

  The stone was lying flat, only a
slight hollow under one corner of it
*—made by the pauper that afternoon,
no doubt. But, as Birkland started
to lift, the imbecile once more showed
signs ef excitement, mumbled inco-
herently.

  “ There’s something under it,” said
Ambrose.

  Like many of his race, he had an
uncanny faculty for reading the
thoughts of all dumb creatures.
“We’ll see,” said Birkland.

  They bent their strength to it, even
the pauper assisting, more excited still.
The stone came up.

  As it did so Birkland and the negro
each let out a cry of surprise. <

CHAPTER XLIII.

Hidden Treasure.

”|~HE stone had been made the cover
of a home-made safe, a primitive
safety-deposit vault. In a rudely
bricked receptacle under it were stacks
and stacks of paper currency.
THE LOST HEARTHSTONE.

Ill

  Even in that first glance Birkland
saw that many of the sheafs of bills
were still bound with paper bands
stamped with the name of the Ham-
bleton National Bank.

   “ Go tell the village,” said Birkland.
“ Tell Mr. Brown, tell the justice of
the peace, tell—” for the first time his
voice quavered slightly — “ tell Miss
Harmon.. Then, ask Mr. Bowers to
telephone for the sheriff, quick.” .

   Ambrose gone at a loping run.

  Birkland and the pauper eased the
old hearthstone back on its edge
against the cellar wall. Stone and pau-
per, each so mute and mysterious, his
only witnesses, Birkland raised his
eyes to where a blue star, joyful and
majestic, flamed in the cloudless sky.

  The village came out—John Brown,
hatless, still in his leather apron, for
he had been working late; the thin man
with the large Adam’s-apple; Mr.
Bowers, the inn-keeper; the boy Wil-
lie, and all the other boys, large and
small; the justice of the peace, the
foreman of the creamery; the Baptist,
Methodist, and Presbyterian minis-
ters ; then, horses and buggies with
girls and women; an occasional auto-
mobile.

   Mary’s eyes were brilliant.

  She had little to say—little that
could be said in front of a crowd? But
Birkland noticed how much more
beautiful she was than any other wom-
an there, young or old.

   It became a celebration.

  They lighted bonfires. Boys and
girls began to pair off, or to form lit-
tle groups apart, and naively to talk
of other things. For the spirit of
spring was already in the air, and,
apart from that flaming star and its
lesser sisters, there was a white moon
, in the east.

  Then some one suggested supper,
and, because no one was quite certain
what should be done, it was decided
that the men should remain, and that
the ladies would bring out coffee and
food.

  It was after nine o’clock when the

sheriff arrived, for he had elected to
come not alone. There were other
county officers and lawyers in the
band.

  Milldale stood around while the
money was counted—one hundred and
sixty-five thousand dollars.

  “ And every cent of it,” said the
lawyer representing the wrecked bank,
“ the property of the depositors.”

  “ Minus your fees, Jo,” laughed the
sheriff; “minus your fees!”

  And so it turned out, after not very
much litigation. For, a few weeks
later, at the time of the first spring
freshet, two little boys who had gone
far down the branch on an expedition
after muskrats found that which sent
them scurrying back home for their
elders.

  It was the body of Cyrus F. Miller,
and he had been drowned or frozen, or
had died of exhaustion, perhaps, that
night he had fled from the mob.

  Birkland and Mary had slipped
away at last from the rest of the
crowd; w*ere walking home by way of
the path that would take them through
“ their place.”

  As they crossed the wall and stood
on the more familiar ground, it was as
though some special essence came up
from it to bid them welcome. Both of
them noticed it, no doubt. A tender
silence fell upon them.

  “ There is no loyalty like that of the
earth,” mused Birkland. “ However
many owners have ever walked upon
it, each feels the same mighty, un-
grudging devotion. No wonder that
the love of the earth becomes a pas-
sionate thing; the most deep-seated,
the most lasting, the most sacred—”
One of his hands had been lifted to
contact with a cool, smooth cheek and
with warmer lips.

  It startled him. What a fool he
was! What would this land be, the
house, the hearthstone, without this
crowning glory of them all!

  They stopped where they were for a
little while.

  The great star flamed with perfect
112

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY-

acceptance of the rising moon. The
waters of the branch rippled a whis-
pered chorus to the minor song of the
night. The old apple-trees, who had
seen things like this before, no doubt,
looked on approvingly.

  Suddenly there was a burst of cheer-
ing back in the direction from which
they had just come—jubilant, almost
musical.

 “ Oh, see,” whispered Mary,
“ they’re coming this way, too.”

  They watched and listened with
bated breath.	L

  Scattered lights had drawn together
again. They heard laughter and sing-
ing—the opening phrases of “ Way
Down Upon the Suwannee River” all
tangled up with “ My Country, ’Tis of
Thee,” then more laughter and cheers.
Yet, in spite of this vocal levity there
was a certain dignity in the slow ad-
vance.

  Then they understood.

  “ They’re bringing the hearthstone,”
thrilled Mary.

  “ They’re bringing the hearthstone,”
Birkland echoed.

  John Brown and Ambrose White
were the principal bearers, but they
were aided—whether they needed it or
not—by a hundred willing hands.

  Birkland, with Mary pulsing at his
arm, felt his knees get weak, the old
lump come back in his throat.

  The crowd saw them standing there
and cheered and sang.

  “ We’re bringing her home, Mr.
Birkland,” John Brown shouted.
“ We’re going to put her where she be-
longs.”

  More cheers.

  Every one was there, the justice of
the peace and the ministers included,
for the affair had their enthusiastic
sanction. Birkland and Mary found
themselves escorted at the head of the
procession by men and women, boys
and girls, who sang and laughed.

  At the side of them marched John
Brown and Ambrose White bearing
the precious burden, and the old stone
stirred and sent back a reflected sheen

as though it were conscious of the cele-
bration.

  “Careful now, folks; don’t break
anything,” John Brown shouted as
they entered the little park.

  “ Be careful — don’t break any-
thing,” a dozen voices echoed.

  They came to the door of the house
and entered. The blacksmith and the
negro gently put the old hearthstone
down in front of the fireplace, then
straightened up and looked around.

  The place was filled, lit up by many
lanterns; the men and boys had taken
off their hats. An odd, embarrassed
silence fell upon them. For an instant
or two no one spoke.

  Then the Rev. Mr. Hargitt and the
Rev. Mr. Hall looked at their senior,
the Rev. Mr. Cross.

  “ Brother Cross,” they said, “ will
you lead us in prayer?”

CHAPTER XLIV.
“On This Rock.”

THERE appeared a bucket of cement
and a trowel, and the stone was
fitted into place, Birkland and Mary
each having a hand in the work — a
good deal as a king and a queen might
assist at the laying of a cornerstone.

  Then Mr. Brown appeared with his
brawny fists filled with shavings and
pine sticks, and Birkland, with a trem-
bling hand, put them into place and
touched a match to them.

  The flame caught—brightly, almost
gratefully it seemed—and up from this
new-old altar of domestic concord and
happiness there went a crackling peti-
tion to the guardian-angels of such
things.

  A new home was bom, and Birk-
land saw this light reflected in the eyes
oof the woman he was going to marry.

  Willie and the other boys brought in
more wood. The new chimney was
doing nobly. How could it have done
otherwise ?

  The justice of the peace stepped for-
ward.
THE LOST HEARTHSTONE.

113

  ' “ Feller citizens,” he began.

  “ And ladies,” some one supple-
mented.

  “ They’re feller citizens, too,” said
the squire amiably. “ But what I
wanted to get at was this. We got in
our midst to-night,” (cheers) “ some
one who—some one who—”

  The squire’s voice rose.

  He was contemplating a flight of
eloquence. He turned his head a
little to one side, looked at the ceiling;
momentarily words failed him. The
ministers and some of the ladies en-
couraged him by clapping their hands.

  The squire bowed in acknowledg-
ment.

  “ Now, as I was about to say,” he
went on, “I remember-—re-mem-
ber-r-r ” (fresh cheers and sounds of
“sh-h!”) “when this—this party
who we have in our midst—was the
first to raise his hand—in support of
law and order. That’s right, isn’t it,
Mr. Brown ? ”

  “ That’s right,” said the black-
smith stoutly.

  “fn other words, feller citizens,”
the squire said, hastening on to his
conclusion, “ we’ve got—we^te got ”
(oratorical pause) “a new feller
citizen in our midst. I want—”

  The squire’s closing words were
lost in the outburst of applause as he
smiled at Birkland and, with rough
geniality, poked him in the ribs.

  Birkland had never made a speech
in his life—except privately, or, at the
most, before a group of his own direct-
ors. He was a little embarrassed.

  But as he confronted the kindly,
good-natured crowd in front of him,
this embarrassment was engulfed in
other feelings.

  There flashed through his brain an
epitome of all that he had undergone,
all that he had hoped for—his pas-
sions, his plans, and his dreams.

  He was standing at last on the
hearthstone—smooth and warm—of
his own home. The woman he loved
was there at his side. These people
were his neighbors, his friends.

     8 a-s C

   “ I wish I could make a speech,” he
said softly, as sudden silence once
more swept over the room. “ You
folks are mighty good. You've added
the supreme touch to a great event.
This is my home. The minister has
called down a blessing on it. The
blessing’s here. You’ve air helped it
to come about.”

  He was going to stop at that, but
every one applauded, and the squire
and the ministers were among those
who urged him to go on.

   “ Friends,” he said, “ we’re here to-
night with such perfect understanding
because we have so much in common.
Some of us still have our fathers and
mothers with us. Some of us are
orphans. But each one of us, ’way
down deep in the bottom of his or her
heart, had the same thing planted
there at the beginning of life by some
sainted woman.

  “ You know what it is.

  “ Even a man doesn’t have to be
told what.

   “ A woman with a little baby in her
arms—the future squire, the future
blacksmith, the future minister—but
helpless, toothless, a little mass of pure
flesh and spirit; and oh, how she pours
into it her yearning for peace, for
plenty,' for right living, for high
ideals!

   “ That’s the way the home-spirit is
born; for these things are the elements
of home.

  “Shall I stop?” asked Birkland
quite suddenly, with a smile.

  The older ladies especially shook
their heads. Most of the younger
-people were listening absorbed, sur-
prised, open-mouthed.

   “ Then, just this in conclusion. We
can wander far. We can go after
other things — after power, after
money, after fame. But greater than
our desire for these things is that
holy, primal passion implanted there
not by one mother only, but by the
Lord knows how many generations of
mothers ahead of her. The wanderer
turns back. The spirit-voice of his
114

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

heart bids him put up a temple to this
religion of the world's good women.”

  Many of the ladies present pinked
up pleasurably at that in acknowledg-
ment of the compliment. There was
brief applause.

  “ A temple it is,” said Birkland.

  “ Indeed it is, brother,” said the
Rev. Mr. Hargitt.

  “ And God defend it! ” said the
Rev. Mr. Hall.

  Brother Cross, the elder of the
three, nodded his head in solemn
affirmation.

  “ And out from it, to sweeten and
enrich the earth,” Birkland resumed,
“ there drifts the spirit of that woman
with the baby in her arms, her yearn-
ings become a power—for peace, for
plenty, for right living, and for high
ideals! ”

  John Brown and the squire shook
each other by the hand.

  “ So,” Birkland concluded, “ herq
with my feet on this rock, on this old
hearthstone, I—I sort of feel that it’s
an altar dedicated to such things—for
the good of Milldale, for the good of
Miami Valley, for all mankind! ”

CHAPTER XLV.

Conclusion.

THERE have been years of happi-
ness and accomplishment since
then. Piccaninnies dodging about—
five or six—no one ever knows ex-
actly how many, except Mr. and Mrs.
Ambrose White; the new electric rail-
way paying dividends; the creamery
become a large and prosperous coop-
erative plant; the youngest fruit-trees
beginning to bear; the fountain and
the rock-garden graced and beautified
by a first growth of lichens and moss.

  Even Birkland’s house has grown.

  The old part—the most important
part—is still unchanged; but now it is
the wing of a rather stately but old-
fashioned dwelling, the very simplicity
of which bespeaks the work of a high-
priced architect.

  In this new part of the house there
are music-rooms and drawing-rooms,
guest-chambers, boudoirs and dens—
all very nice when there’s entertaining
to be done, which is pretty often; for,
when Luella or Mary are not giving
something or other, the house is being
loaned to the ladies of the church, or
the Foresters, or the Maccabees.

   But it is in the old part of the house
that Birkland and Mary love to pass
their hours together when they are
alone.

  There Mary takes her place at the
center-table, with the yellow lamplight
flooding her shimmering hair, accen-
tuating the softened beauty of her
face—that beauty which comes to
women who are happy, and which
grows with years.

  And Birkland, even when the nights
are warm and there is no excuse for a
fire, still takes his place on the old
hearthstone.

  With his feet on that and his eyes
on Mary—and always that same,
vague hunger in his heart — his
thoughts soar off into the clouds.
There, and like that, he has always
dreamed his greatest dreams and
worked out their execution.

  There was the matter of children,
for example.

  They adopted Luella. But soon, in
a general way, they were adopting all
the children of the countryside, or-
phaned or otherwise.

  Then Birkland built another and
larger home on the hill where Cyrus F.
Miller used to live, made it something
of a monument to consecrate the
aground where the hearthstone had
lain in exile, and there started an en-
terprise that he and Mary have ever
since delighted in—changing the bad
luck of still other children into good.

  Every year, when he and Mary go
to New York—where Birkland at-
tends the annual directors’ meeting of
the Susquehanna—they pick out an
additional quartet, two girls and two
boys, two of them ugly and two of
them handsome.
THE LOST HEARTHSTONE.	v 115

   And it pleases them mightily when,
 'after a year or so, the ones that they
 thought were ugly surprisingly out-
 grow that claim.

   Growing old?

   There is no age in surroundings like
 that.

   Witness old Major Woods—white,
 growing deaf, more patriarchal still
 with his snowy beard and flowing
 mane—but he still comes out to Mill-
 dale to visit Sarah’s boy, plants the
 heels of his boots on the old hearth-
 stone, and, leaning back in his favor-
 ite chair, dreams himself into the mys-
 tic past until the past is the present
 and he is a youth again.

   Julia Merriman—married happily,
 bringing with her a small and chubby
 edition of herself—has been their
 guest.

   “ Did he tell you that—I loved you
 before I ever saw you?” asked Julia.

   “ Yes,” thrilled Mary, with an im-
 pulsive kiss.

   Bruce Howland has been there sev-
 eral times.

   “ By gad, Hen,” he exclaimed the
 last time that he was out, “ you know,
 this would be great if—if it weren’t so
 far from New York.”

   “ New York would be all right if it
 weren’t so far from—from this,”
 Birkland answered quickly with a grave
 smile.

   Bruce looked out over the superb
 garden, the soaring trees. The new
 head gardener of the Birkland place
 was an importation from the bonnie
 river Wye; some sort of a forty-second
 cousin to Hawkins—who, by the way,
 was still writing regularly, was still
 doing finely, and God bless you, sir.

   “ It’s so beautiful, and yet—and
 yet—” said Bruce, with a troubled face.

   “ And it’s home! ” cried Birkland.
 “ Do you know what that means—
 h-o-m-e! No, I suppose not. You’ll
 discover your Valley of Peace, like
 most New Yorkers, only when you—
 Hold on! Valley of Peace., Peace Val-
 ley—by gad, Bruce, a name I’ve been
 trying to remember! ”

  And Birkland wrote a letter to Will
Lovetts, Peace Valley, Missouri, re-
calling that night on the banks of the
Hudson when they were both home-
ward-bound ; when Will had taken in a
certain stranger, fed him, cheered him
up, and had sung to him a wonderful
song.

  In less than a week an answer came.

  Will wrote:

Dear Frend:

  O I was glad to hear from you. O how
happy I was to no who slipped me that fifty
plunks. It sure did save my life. I sure
was plum busted when I arrove. I wunder
did you have it as hard as me. Sue was
redy fer me but the cow dide on the way.
Now you should see our home, thirty acres,
expect to turn over 2 thousand dollars this
year hogs and dairy alone. Yes, I still
sing that old song. You and your Mrs.
must come and see us and I sure will sing
it to you. Sue sends your Mrs. her love,
also a present. You see by foto our latest,
he sure is a prize-winner, and we have just
picked out a name for him. It’s Henry.
And as long as we live and he lives you
sure will have a place redy for you in
Peace Valley.

   There was a photograph in the letter,
a fairly good snap-shot of a happy
family group in a buggy—a brand-new
buggy to which was hitched a clean-
limbed roadster with beautiful lines.

  Birkland recognized Will imme-
diately.

  He was a little stouter, but other-
wise he hadn’t greatly changed. His
shrewd and kindly face was still the
face of a man who would play tlje
guitar in his family circle and compose
his own songs.

  Mrs. Lovetts, of generous propor-
tions, was at his side, her eyes mani-
festly on two dressed-up, healthy
youngsters squatting at the dashboard,
her ample arms enfolding “ the latest.”

  Little Henry had moved, unfor-
tunately. His features were not very
distinct. Still, he gave out an impres-
sion of baby fatness and good cheer.

  In due time the present came—
Will’s way of returning that fifty dol-
lars, no doubt, with interest — a glo-
rious two-year-old of Kentucky strain,
116

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

a young counterpart of the horse in the
photograph, gentle, graceful, and
strong.

  They’ve named him Peace Valley.
He’s become a member of the family,
too.

  And often, when Birkland and Mary

(The

are driving him through the fragrant
mystery of some familiar, moonlit
road, Peace Valley will slow up and
listen to what they say; and then, as if
satisfied, will resume his splendid
stride again, knowing that all roads,
sooner or later, lead toward home.

end.)

mrene^,

$A)hriMoa7KcCldleu

Author of “ Pennington’* Choice,” “ Siskiyou,” etc.

CHAPTER I.

The Girl in the Doorway.

SE5JOR GUERRERO led the way
down the dark and narrow alley
and softly opened the door. The
man behind him waited close to the
wall.

  A shaft of light pierced the dark-
ness. With it came the sound of
strong voices raised in ribald song and
the tinkling of a piano scarcely heard
above the din.

  Feet shuffled, liquor gurgled, glasses
rang as they were placed on the tables.

  Foul air rushed out, bearing odors
of stale tobacco - smoke and cheap
liquor. In an instant the clean smell
of water - soaked pine was gone, and
the breeze that swept up the street
from the river and the distant sea
seemed instantly polluted.

  “ The coast, I think, is clear,” Senor
Guerrero whispered.

  He slipped inside, and Captain Bill
Adams followed and stood against the
wall for a moment while Guerrero
closed the door behind them.

  Captain Adams had a soft hat pulled
down to his eyes and his eoat collar
turned up in an attempt to pass with-
out being recognized. There was no
disguising his broad shoulders, great
hands, and massive form, yet the risk
was small, for those men in the room
who knew him were scattered in the
crowd or sitting at tables near the
street door.

  Adams’s lips curled in scorn as he
followed Guerrero along the wall to
a table in a far corner, at which there
were two chairs, both unoccupied.

  As he sat down he glanced over the
room.

  There was a bar along one wall,
with a crowd of men before it. There
were scores of tables to which silent-
footed Chinese carried liquor. On a
platform in one corner was an old
piano, a woman playing it. Another
woman stood beside her and sang in
a cracked voice.

  In another corner were poker-tables,
where the players silently eyed one
another, speaking in low voices only
when it was necessary. There were
WILD NORENE.

117

faro-tables and roulette-tables. And
there were women who mingled in the
throng, painted women dressed in
gaudy gowns.

  “ It is a place,” said Captain Adams
slowly and with conviction, “ where a
man would expect to find a traitor.”

  Strong men of the sea called Adams
king. He was a relic of the days of
bucko mates. He had slain a man
with a single blow of his fist. He had
quelled mutiny single-handed.

  His name was a synonym for fear
from Valdez to Cape Horn, in Hono-
lulu, in the ports of China and Japan,
Australia, and the South Seas.

  That name also was coupled with
justice, for Captain Adams never gave
a demonstration of brute force with-
out good and sufficient provocation.

  He always showed his strength at
sea, never on land. The usual haunts
of sailonnen did not know him. He
left his ship only to transact business.
He was an abstainer, and morally
clean.

  Because he never appeared in a
gathering to refute them, seamen told
great tales of his strength and brutal-
ity when provoked, thus making his
reputation in that regard thrice what
he deserved.

  Now he bent forward at the table,
his keen eyes taking in the scene be-
fore him. Guerrero had ordered
liquor, and as soon as the Chinese
waiter had gone Captain Adams had
thrown his in a cuspidor.

  “If our suspicions prove true—”
Guerrero began.

  “ We’ll say nothing until we are
certain,’’ the captain interrupted. “ It’s
a bad thing to accuse a man of unless
there is an abundance of proof.”

  “ And if we get the proof? ”

  Captain Adams straightened his
shoulders and waited a moment before
replying.

  “If we get the proof I’ll attend to
the matter personally,” he said. “ You
are not concerned in it, senor, except
that you are a sort of guide for me
ashore.”

  “Not concerned in it!” exclaimed
the other hoarsely. “ Not concerned
in it? When there may depend on it
success or failure?”

  “ Screech, senor, and tell our busi-
ness to the world,” the captain advised.
“ There are some in this place, I be-
lieve, who would be glad to hear.”

  “ I beg your pardon,” Guerrero said,
and fell silent.

  Captain Adams looked over the
room again. The woman at the piano
had ceased playing and was standing
at the end of the platform, talking
with some men. She was tall, grace-
ful, and fair, despite her painted face;
but there were lines about her eyes
and a wistful look was about her lips.
“ What a place! ” Adams gasped.

  “ Sailors must have relaxation after
a long voyage,” suggested Guerrero.

  “ This isn’t relaxation! They spend
two months’ wages here in a night,
drinking vile liquor, trying to beat
gambling games that cannot be beaten.
I’ve been a sailor for thirty years, and
I don’t need this sort of relaxation.
And the women—•”

  “ That tall one who was playing the
piano is Sally Wood,” said Guerrero.
“ Every one in Astoria knows her.
She has a history.”

  “ I don’t doubt it.”

  “ Not the sort you think, senor.
She lived in Seattle as a girl. A man
won and married her. Then he took
her aged father’s savings and deserted
her, left her penniless with a baby—
the old story.”

  “ And she turned to this sort of
thing? ”

  “ Again, senor, not as you think.
She turned to this sort of thing be-
cause she can play a piano, and be-
cause she gets more money here in a
night than she could any place else in
a month. The sailors worship her,
senor. Sometimes when she plays
they throw silver and gold on the plat-
form, showers of it, and she thanks
them prettily.”

  “ Pity she wouldn’t take her silver
and gold and get out of here, then.”
118

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

  “ She stays because she needs much
silver and gold. Every one seems to
know the story. She is laying it by.
When she has an adequate amount
she intends trailing the man who de-
serted her, and when she finds him—
ah, seiior, when she finds him! Such
a woman will know how to take her
revenge.

  “ Her child is a girl—she keeps the
little one in a school. I admire Sally
Wood, seiior; she mingles here with
the scum of the earth, yet is not defiled.
She is a good girl; countless men will
tell you so. Countless men would
fight for her in an instant to avenge
an insult. They know her story, tell
it to every newcomer, help her in
every way.”

  Captain Adams showed sudden in-
terest.

  “ If that story is true, if she is a
good girl and can mingle with this
sort and keep her goodness for such
an object, I pray Heaven she finds the
man,” he said earnestly.

  “ There is also another story,” con-
tinued Guerrero. “ There is a man
hereabouts by name Jack Connor, a
pleasant giant, a happy-go-lucky devil
of a sailorman of the usual sort. He
is at present out of a place, and is here
in Astoria visiting his aged father.
He is a favorite of men and women.
He drinks with the men—but he has
no use for the women.”

  “ Half sensible, at any rate,” said
the captain.

  “ Sally Wood, so the story goes, re-
buked him on a certain night because
he was drinking heavily. The propri-
etor of this place even lets her do such
a thing as that, for it delights his cus-
tomers to see one of their number the
subject of a sermon. Jack Connor
treated the girl courteously, but con-
tinued drinking. If he had done as
she requested she would have forgot-
ten him; since he refused to obey her
wish, she loved him.”

  “ Womanly,” said Captain Adams.
“ So she loves him ? ”

  “ In her own sweet way, seiior. All

have noticed it. Her eyes follow him
continually when he is here. And he
continues to treat her courteously, but
that is all.

  “ Jack Connor, say his friends, has
little use for women. He respects
them — the good ones — too much to'
ask one of them to share his lot, he
says; and the other sort he does not
respect enough to consider at all.”

  “ He has the making of a man in
him then,” the captain decided. “ Sail-
orman out of a job, eh? I need a
couple more men.”

  “ A very devil of a fellow, seiior;
I have seen him. I do not know, of
course, whether he would be the man
for our business. He has an independ-
ent way about him. Speak of the
angels—”

  Voices near the door had been
raised in eager greeting; The throng
parted, and through it strode a man
the appearance of whom made Cap-
tain Adams’s eyes sparkle.

  More than six feet he stood, with
shoulders almost the equal of the cap-
tain’s. His hair was yellow, his eyes
blue, his face boyish. He walked with
an easy swagger that betrayed his
agility.

  Such was Jack Connor.

  Friends crowded close to him; voices
called to ask him what his drink
would be. A bartender, smiling in
welcome, brought forward a private
bottle and sat it on the bar before him
and polished a glass and sat beside it.

  He and his friends drank.

  “ Jack, the woman-hater, caught at
last!” one of the men shrieked in
laughter.

  Guerrero tapped the captain on the
shoulder.

  “ The man who is talking, the one
with his arm on Connor’s shoulder, is
his best friend, a sailorman by name
Morgan,” he whispered.

  “ Listen! ” the captain commanded.

  There had come a flush into Jack
Connor’s face not caused by liquor.
He turned toward Morgan menacing-
ly, but still smiling.
WILD NORENE.

119

    “ Hold him while I tell the story! ”
  Morgan cried. “ It is too good - to
  keep.”

    “ If you open your mouth—” Con-
  nor began.

    But, laughing, three of them held
  him. The others in the room had
  grown quiet to listen.

    Morgan ran away a few paces and
  faced them.

   “ We were walking down Commer-
 cial Street,” he said. “ A girl passed.
 Her eyes met Connor’s. My friend
 Jack was done then and there! ”

    “ Love at first sight, eh?v cried
  another.

   “Wait!” Morgan cried. “He in-
 sisted on following her. Think of
 that—Jack Connor, who never looks
 at a woman! Oh, he did it in a proper
 fashion! He never took his eyes from
 y her. She dropped a handkerchief—”

    “ They always do something like
  that,” interrupted another.

    With a roar of rage Jack Connor
  hurled away the men who held him
  and looked into the crowd.

    “ Understand me ? ” he cried. “ The
  young lady — lady, I said — dropped
  her handkerchief. I ran forward and
  picked it up. I’m not ashamed of it.
  I never saw her before—I don’t know
  her name!

    “ But she’s a lady—and not to be
  talked about in a crowd like this. Un-
  derstand me?

    “ I walked down the street with
  her, talked with her while Morgan
  waited. She’s the sweetest girl I ever
  saw. I’m not worthy to speak of her,
  and if I am not, neither are any of
  you. So we’ll drop the subject. Un-
  derstand ? ”

   There was no answer; no man’s
 eyes met his. He smiled at them again
 and motioned toward the bar. The
 men crowded forward.

    “ He strikes me as pretty much of
  a man,” said Captain Adams to Guer-
  rero in their corner.

    Sally Wood, sitting at her piano,
  had heard. Now she began playing
  furiously, and some of the men near

the platform began to sing, and the
noise broke out anew.

  Jack Connor and half a dozen of
his friends made their way across the
room to a table within fifteen feet of
where Captain Adams and Guerrero
were sitting.

  The captain turned toward the wall,
his back to the room, and there he re-
mained, talking with Guerrero in
whispers, until he heard his own name
mentioned. It was Jack Connor
speaking.

  “ The Amingo is the cutest little
steam schooner that ever carried a
cargo of lumber,” he was saying. “ I
never saw her until she dropped down
the river from Portland this morning,
but I’ve heard a few things about her
and her skipper.”

  “ Who hasn’t ? ” Morgan asked.

  “ If all I hear of Cap’n Adams is
true—”

  “ You can bet it i§,” Morgan inter-
rupted, and the others nodded their
heads.

  “ Then I’ve got to set eyes on the
old sea-dog some time. He’s turned
some good tricks in his day, but he’s
getting careless. Must be feeling his
age.”

  Captain Adams’s shoulders straight-
ened, but Guerrero warned him and he
slouched forward in his chair again.

 “Meaning just what?” Morgan
asked.

  “What’s his old scow doing?”
asked Connor.

  “ Lumber, Portland to Mazatlan,”
said Morgan.

  “ Oh, she carries a deck-load of lum-
ber, all right,” said Connor, laughing.
“ But what she carries in her hold is
the joke.”

  “ Contraband ? ” one of the men
asked.

  “ Not so loud, friend. We don’t
want to queer Cap’n Adams’s deal.
Only he’s getting careless. I know
what he’s up to; and if I know it, what
must persons know whose business it is
to find ‘but. He isn’t carrying opium
or chinks, if that is what you mean.
120

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

But he’s got an interesting cargo, all
the same.”

  “ Meaning? ” asked Morgan.

  “ Meaning it is none of our busi-
ness,” said Connor. “ Only I’d hate to
see an old sea-dog like Cap’n Adams
spend his last years in a Federal
prison.”

  The face of Captain Adams flushed,
then grew ashen as the meaning of the
man’s words came to him.

  This man knew—he knew.

  And, across the table, Senor Guer-
rero muttered a good Spanish oath that
has no just equivalent in English and
started to rise from his chair.

  But Captain Adams gripped his arm
so that the bone almost snapped, and
the seiior resumed his seat.

  “ Queer old fish, the cap’n,” Jack
Connor went on. “ And that niece of
his— What about her? I never heard
much of it.”

  Morgan enlightened him.

  “ They call her Wild Norene; she is
Captain Adams’s brother’s girl, and
she’s lived with the cap’n for ten years,
since her daddy died. Sails with him
all the time. Cap’n taught her to read
and write aboard the schooner. Pretty
as a picture, strong as a man yet soft
as a woman, and wild and untamed.”

  Connor laughed.

  “ She needs a man to tame her,

maybe.”

  “ Maybe you’d like the job,” chuck-
led Morgan.

  “ And I could do it if I was in the
woman-taming business,” Connor an-
swered. “ Honestly, I mean. I’ll bet
I could make her love me—make her
promise to marry me. I could tame
her so she’d eat out of my hand.”

  Again Guerrero restrained the cap-
tain, whispering to him that he could
wait for vengeance — that to betray
himself now meant to spoil their en-
terprise.

  Morgan and the others were laugh-
ing.

  “ Why, she won’t even look at a
man,” said Morgan. “ She’s waiting
to find one that measures up to her

uncle, Cap’n Bill Adams; and she’H
have a long wait, I’m thinkin’.”

  “If what I hear is true, she’ll have
a long wait,” assented Connor. “ Won’t
look at a man, eh? If I was in the
woman-taming business, I’d make her
look at me. Pretty, eh ? ”

  “ Like a picture,” said one of the
men. “ I really-saw her once.”

  “ I’m getting interested,” remarked
Connor, laughing again.

  “ And you’re gettin’ blamed incon-
sistent—I guess that’s the right word.
A few minutes ago you raised blue
blazes because we mentioned a certain
young lady in this place, and now
you’re not only mentioning one, but
you’re mentioning names/’

  Jack Connor’s face grew sober.

  “ There’s a difference,” he said.
“ There are but two classes of women.
One class should never be mentioned
by such men as us—they’re too good.
And the other class—what’s the differ-
ence? This niece of Cap’n Bill’s—this
Wild Norene, as you call her—scarce-
ly comes under the first class.”

  Captain Adams’s face grew ashen
again and he gripped the sides of the
table, but made no attempt to get out
of his chair.

  Guerrero felt sudden fear; he knew
Captain Adams was waiting for this
Jack Connor to go so far—then the
blow would fall.

  “ For God’s sake, senor” he whis-
pered, “ don’t wreck our plans! Wait
until the other business is disposed of;
then we can find this Jack Connor and
you can kill him. Hold on to your tem-
per! We can find him easily; he’ll be
about all night.”

  Captain Adams’s lips were set tight-
ly; he looked across the table at Guer-
rero and nodded assent.

  “ This Wild Norene,” Connor was
saying, “ must be the other sort. I
don’t know what her father was, but
we all know her uncle. Bucko mate
once, he was! Blackbirder, too.
Traded in human flesh! His name’s a
terror in the South Seas. He’s been a
smuggler; he is yet. He’s pulling off a
WILD NORENE.

121

crooked deal right now! And this
Wild Norene has been on his schooner,
knows his life and how he makes his
money, helps him no doubt; so what
sort of a girl do you suspect her to be?
Too good to be mentioned in a place
like this ? I’m sorry for the girl, but—
bah! ”

  They nodded their heads as they
picked up the drinks a Chinese had
placed on the table.

  Captain Adams was looking straight
at Guerrero and not seeing him, and a
tear was rolling down the captain’s
cheek.

  No man ever knew the pain he suf-
fered in that instant. Like a flash, his
life was before him — his life and
Norene’s. Captain Bill loved his niece,
worshiped her. And he realized now,
how men regarded her. They meas-
ured her by his standard.

  But Connor had been wrong.

  Adams never had been a blackbirder
—never had dealt in human beings. He
had been honest, in a way, in his deal-
ings. He had broken revenue laws,
smuggled Chinese, carried arms and
ammunition to revolutionary armies,
and landed them by dodging gunboats;
but he had been honest in business
dealings.

  And Norene, he thanked Heaven,
was innocent of it. She did not know
the truth.

  He had kept her with him rather
than placing her in a school, because
he thought he could guard her better
so. And now it appeared from this
man’s talk that he had made a great
mistake.

  But he felt rage at the thought that
this man could talk so. He could tame
Norene, could he? She was of the sort
to be spoken of lightly?

  Captain Adams said nothing aloud,
but he cursed bitterly in his heart and
stored up rage against Jack Connor, the
man he had liked at a first glance.

  Guerrero was looking across the
table at him appealingly.

  “ I’ll not spoil our plans,” the cap-
tain whispered to him. “ I’ll wait! ”

  “ Heaven be thanked, seiior! I—I
was afraid! After we have attended
to this other business you’ll—you’ll kill
this man ? ”

  “ There are things worse than death,
Guerrero. And this is my own affair;
keep your nose out of it! ”

  The men at the other table had risen
and were scattering, some of them re-
turning to the bar, some going to
the gambling tables, others crowding
about the platform where Sally Wood
was playing.

  Captain Adams heard Guerrero gasp
—realized that one of the men had
stopped beside him.

  “ Can I trouble you for a match? ”
a voice asked.

  Adams looked up; Jack Connor was
smiling down upon him.

  The captain got to his feet, while
Guerrero trembled and waited for the
outcome. But Captain Adams had
lived a life full of experience and
could control himself even at such a
time as this. He ran his hand in a
pocket and handed Connor the match
for which he had asked.

  “ Thanks,” Connor said. He lit his
pipe and puffed slowly. “ Lots of the
boys around to-night,” he added.

  “ Seems to be,” replied Adams, re-
suming his seat. Guerrero’s fear was
unnecessary; the captain was studying
the man before him, was not ready to
take vengeance yet.

  “ Sailorman ? ” asked Connor.

  “ Yes. Came down from Seattle to
meet a friend of mine who’s skipper of
a German bark. Going to sign on with
him,” the captain replied.

  “ Astoria isn’t the port she used to
be, but she’s still some port,” said Con-
nor. “ Lots of queer fish float in here.
There’s a funny old tub in the river
now. Notice her?”

  “ Which one ? ” Adams asked. Guer-
rero felt the fear again.

  “ The letters on her stern spell

*	Hester,’ ” replied Connor. “ But
that’s a joke. I know her. Once away
from the river she’ll be the Benito, and
there’ll be guns on her, and her sailor-
122

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

men will put on uniforms; then she’ll
be a Mexican gunboat. Her skipper
is Garza, cap’n in the Mexican navy—
or what they call their navy—and he’s
a secret service agent, too.”

  “ Why the disguise? ” asked the cap-
tain.

  “ That’s another joke. Ever hear
of Cap’n Bill Adams? Of course you
have, since you’re a sailorman. Cap’n
Bill's old scow is in the river now, and
the gunboat is watching far. Old Bill
must be losing his cleverness.”

  “ Why is the gunboat on his trail ? ”
the captain asked.

  “ Nobody knows exactly, but there
are suspicions. It wouldn’t be the first
time Bill Adams had carried arms and
ammunition marked sewing machines.
But nobody dares tackle Adams with-
out getting the goods on him first. Be-
lieve me, they’d better not! Have a
drink? No? Much obliged for the
match.”

  Connor hurried away toward the
bar, and the captain’s eyes met Guer-
rero’s across the table.

  The sehor was vastly troubled.

  “ We must get away to-night,” he
whispered. “ Great Heaven, every
one seems to know! ”

  “ Remember what the fellow said—
nobody tackles Adams without getting
the goods on him first. And they
haven’t got the goods on me—yet! ”

  “ But the man for whom we wait—”
“ That man thinks we sail to-morrow
evening. If he does what you think
he’ll do, we can attend to him and get
away before daylight. I can get out-
side the three-mile limit before that old
scow of a gupboat catches me.”

  “ Sit as you are,” said Guerrero. “ I
am watching for your man. When he
comes in— Ah! He has arrived.”
The captain did not turn.

  “ And the other ? ” he asked.

  “ I do not see Garza yet. Wfe have
been watching him closely, and one of
my men will trail him here. Your
mate is to meet Garza here to-night and
tell him the cargo is aboard and when
you are to sail.”

  Captain Adams’s hands gripped the
sides of the table again.

  “ I hate a traitor and know how to
deal with one,” he said. “ What is
Riney doing? ”

  “ Is that his name? He’s looking
through the crowd. Now he has seat-
ed himself at a table. There’s no doubt
of the man’s guilt.”

  “ Riney had been my mate for two
years, and there is doubt of his guilt
until I hear from his own lips words
that prove him to be dishonest,” said
the captain. “ You don't suppose he
can recognize me if he looks over
here?”

  “ Sit as you are. You are in the
shadow. I am watching.”

  Riney, Captain Adams’s mate, ap-
peared nervous. He arose and went
to the bar again, then resumed hi» seat
at the table.

  In the corner of the room men were
wildly applauding Sally Wood’s music.
She ceased playing when she saw Jack
Connor standing near the plaform, and
walked over to him.

“ You’ve been drinking too much
again,” she accused. “ Why do you ? ”
“ Now, Sally, I’m not in a mood for
a lecture to-night. You’ve been play-
ing too much; you look tired.”

   “ I get sick of it at times.”

  There was agony in the woman’s
voice. Connor looked down at her
with sympathy in his face. It was not
sympathy she wanted to see there.

  “ It is pretty hard on you,” he said.
“ Why don’t you give it up? Let the
scoundrel go! ”

  “ Not until I find him and punish
him. He took my father’s savings, re-
member. My father didn’t—didn’t
have quite enough to eat for a year be-
fore he died.”

  She looked away, biting her lip to
keep back the tears. Soon she turned
toward him again, trying to smile.

  But Jack Connor was looking away
toward the opposite side of the room.
An expression of unbelief was on his
face.

  In that opposite wall was an open
WILD NORENE.

123

doorway, twice as wide as an ordinary
door, that led to a cheap cafe and res-
taurant where sailormen ate and paint-
ed women sometimes took their meals.

  Framed in it for an instant, beckon-
ing him, he had seen the girl he had
met in the street while with Morgan,
the girl whose handkerchief he had
picked up, mention of whom he had
prohibited in this sorry resort.

CHAPTER II. •

Defiance.

CALLY WOOD had not seen the
girl who had stood for an instant
in the doorway, and thought little of
it when Jack Connor excused himself
and hurried across the room, thinking
some friend had called him.

  Connor made his way rapidly
around the room, shaking off his ac-
quaintances who would have detained
him, and reached the open doorway.
He waited there for a moment, until
he was sure nobody was watching
him, then slipped into the other room.

  She stood a dozen feet from the
doorway, awaiting him. In an instant
he was at her side.

  “You wanted me?” he-asked.

  He looked down into her face. He
regretted the liquor he had taken, and
the very thought of such a girl in
such a place half sobered him. But
her eyes met his without drooping, and
he read in them that she was good.

  “ Perhaps we’d better walk out on
the .street,” he said. “This is scarce-
ly a place—”

  “ Wait,” she interrupted. “ I want
you to do something for me. You
said this afternoon—”

  “ That any time I could do you a
service you had but to let me know.
I still say the same.”

  “ Look through the doorway then.
You see the third man from the end
of the bar—the one with the red hand-
kerchief about his neck?” *

  “ The one with the scar on his right
cheek?”

  “ Yes. My father gave him that
scar one day because he was impudent.
He has hated my father and me since.
This evening I learned of something
he said—about me.”;

  “Yes?”.

  “ It wasn’t complimentary. It was
an insult.”

  Connor’s eyes met hers again, and
he did not need to ask more questions.
His fists clenched.

  “ I saw him come in here a short
time ago,” the girl went on, “ and as
I passed the place the door was open
and I saw you. I remembered what
you had said, and took the liberty of
entering and asking you to do me a
service.”

  “ I shall do so gladly.”

“ I want you to thrash that man.”
He looked at her quickly. This
girl, with goodness in her face,
thought nothing apparently of asking
that a man be given a beating.

  He looked through the doorway at
the man again.

“ His name is Riney,” the girl was
saying. “You’ll thrash him for me
because of the insult he has offered ? ”
“ Consider it done,” Connor said.

  “ But first you may walk as far as
the corner with me, if you will.”

  He ushered her from the place, put
himself at her side, and they hurried
to the corner. She clung to his arm,
and Connor’s heart throbbed.

  “ I suppose you think I am a pe-
culiar girl for asking you to do such
a thing,” she said.

  “ I have no right to think so. No
doubt you have a good reason for it.
But I would suggest, if you'll allow
me, that this part of town—”

  “ Is no place for me ? I can take
care of myself, sir.”

  She was smiling as she spoke.

  He met her eyes again, half afraid
of what he might see there.

  And she read his thought.

  “ I don’t want you to think that I
am a—a bad girl,” she whispered.
“ Don’t think, please, that I am used
to associating with—with—”
124

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

  “ Such persons as are to be found
here? Myself, for instance?'” he
-asked.

  “ I did not mean that. I feel sure
you are a good man.”

  “ A woman like you would make a
saint out of a sinner,” he’ said.

  “ Here we are at the corner. You’d
better return now. I shall know if
you do as I have asked.”

  “ When I beat him I shall remember
that he insulted you.”

  “Yes. And thank you!”

   “ Shall I see you again ? ” he asked.
“ I don’t even know your name.”

  “ Does the name make much dif-
ference ?” she asked.

   “ None at all.”

  “ And you want to see me again? ”
  “ Yes.”

  “ Perhaps to-morrow afternoon I’ll
be walking along Commercial Street,
where you saw me to-day. I am not
certain—”

   “ I’ll watch for you then.”

  She held out her hand, and he
clasped it.

  She smiled at him again, then hur-
ried away.

  Connor looked after her until she
had disappeared in the darkness down
the street, then turned back toward the
resort.

  He did not question. She had
asked him to thrash a man who had
insulted her, and he promised himself
to do the task well.

  He did not care to know the cir-
cumstances. He did not care to
remember she had entered the resort
to call him. He gave her credit for
courage in doing so, feeling that it
had taken courage for her to stand
there in the midst of painted women
and men who thought nothing of ap-
proaching any woman to be found
there.

  When he reentered the resort he did
not see the man Riney at first. Riney
had left the bar and crossed the room
again, to sit at the table within a few
paces of Guerrero and Captain Bill
Adams.

  The captain was bent over the table
in the shadow, listening, waiting.

  “ Garza has arrived,” Guerrero was
whispering to him.

  “ Has he located Riney yet ? ”

  “ Yes; he is coming this way. He
has nodded to Riney. Now he sits
down beside him.”

  Garza was wise, however. He and
Riney regarded each other as if they
had been strangers.

  Garza ordered a drink and when it
arrived tossed it off. Then he looked
across at Riney and winked.

  “Fishing good?” Garza asked.

  “ Great! ” said Riney. “ I know a
craft whose hold is full.”

  “ Shipping ’em south, eh ? ”

  “ I should guess,” said Riney slow-
ly, “ that she would float out to-
morrow evening with the tide.”

  Guerrero’s eyes met Captain Ad-
ams’s across the table, and the captain
nodded slowly.

  He had heard. Riney, his mate,
had sold him out. . There was noth-
ing enigmatical about his conversation
with Garza, the secret-service agent.
The hold was full of fish;—the ship
would sail to-morrow evening with the
tide. The hold was full of arms and
ammunition; the Amingo would start
on her voyage to the aid of revolu-
tionists in less than twenty-four
hours—that was the meaning.

  Captain Adams stood up, and so
did Guerrero.

  The captain’s rage was not of the
sort that makes a man “ fly off the
handle ” and “ have it out.” Guer-
rero shuddered as he looked at the
face of the old sea-dog. Captain Ad-
ams was the sort of man who would
proceed with deliberation and refined
cruelty in such a case.

  Not for any amount of money
would Guerrero have stood in the
shoes of Mate Riney.

  But as Adams turned to confront
the traitorous mate another man
lurched across the room and half fell
against the table at which Riney and
Garza were sitting.
WILD NORENE.

125

  It was Jack Connor, feigning intox-
ication.

  “ Look where you’re going,” Riney
growled.

  “Keep out of the way!” shouted
Connor.

  He kicked at the table, and it went
over. He reached for Riney, who
sprang to his feet and aimed a ter-
rific blow at Jack Connor’s head. And
then Riney realized his mistake; Jack
Connor was not intoxicated. He
stepped swiftly to one side, and his
fist crashed into the mate’s face.

  In an instant they were at it, and
every one in the room had crowded
forward, making a great ring of
human bodies, to watch the combat.

  Members of the Amingo’s crew
were there, cheering on their mate,
who had a reputation as a fighter.
Jack Connor’s friends were there, too,
and stood in the ring, grinning with
delight.

  They had seen Connor fight before.
He had punishment in his blows, and
he had fistic science in addition.

  The mate’s terrific blows struck
empty air; Connor’s fists played on the
other man’s face, head, and breast.

  Slowly and surely Connor was beat-
ing his antagonist down. He was de-
laying the final blow purposely, ma-
king Riney take all the punishment he
could stand. He remembered only that
the man he was beating had insulted
the girl he had met that afternoon.

  Riney’s shipmates saw how the bat-
tle was going, and edged forward. It
was an axiom of the sea that Captain
Adams’s men stood together in brawls.

  A foot was thrown out, Connor was
tripped, and as he saved himself from
sprawling on the floor a blow from
Riney’s fist caught him on the side of
the head and staggered him.

  A roar of rage at the foul trick
came from a score of throats. In an
instant the fight had become general.
Connor’s friends sprang to meet the
men frorn the Amingo.

  But in that last instant Connor’s fist
stretched Riney to the floor.

  Garza had made his escape. Guer-
rero hung close to the wall.

  Captain Adams, towering above the
other men, watched the combat as it
raged, his arms folded.

  Riney, getting up.from the floor
with the intention of continuing the
combat, saw his captain’s eyes fixed on
him. He recognized the coat the cap-
tain was wearing, and knew that the
captain had been sitting a few feet
away while he had been talking to
Garza.

  Riney knew well nothing but sus-
picion would bring Captain Adams to
such a place. And he realized what
form the vengeance of the captain
would take.

  He stooped and started toward the
combatants again. But as several men
came between the captain and himself,
he turned and darted toward the door,
escaped into the night, and fled toward
the water-front.

  Sally Wood, standing on the plat-
form against the end of the piano,
caught sight of the mate’s face as he
flashed past her and to the door.

  Her own face turned white, and she
staggered to a chair and sat down.

  Morgan had been beaten to the
floor, and others of Jack Connor’s
friends had met with disaster. The
crew of the Amingo could fight. Con-
nor found himself almost alone, in a
circle of flying fists.

  His rage redoubled. The odds were
not fair. He threw himself into the
fray with renewed zeal.

  A weight of human bodies assailed
him. His foot slipped and he crashed
to the floor. Men were on top of him,
striking him, trying to choke him.
Some one near him was screeching:
“Let him up! Tie his hands be-
hind him!' Take him to the cap’n! ”
Others of the Amingo’s crew took
up the cry:

  “ Take him to th’ cap’n! Cap’n Bill
will know what to do with the man
that smashed the mate! ”

  Connor began fighting again as they
let him up. He had heard of Captain
126

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

Bill Adams; he didn’t intend to let
these men c&rry him aboard the
Amingo.

  But his struggles were in vain. They
fastened his hands behind him and
started him toward the alley door,
half carrying him, some of them
guarding the rear to prevent Connor’s
friends from effecting a rescue.

  “ Take 'im to th’ cap’n! ” they cried.

  A giant of a man stepped between
them and the door and held up a hand.
“Stop!” he cried. “Turn that man
loose! ”

  The sailors of the Amingo gazed at
him in amazement. One of them
laughed aloud. Another looked away,
afraid to meet the skipper’s eyes.

  “Why, it’s th’ cap’n!” another
cried. “ It’s Cap’n Bill! ”

  Jack Connor, knowing the captain
had heard his conversation earlier in
the evening regarding himself and his
niece, felt something like fear clutch
at his heart for a moment as he looked
at the giant in front of him whose eyes
met his and held them.

  “ Turn him loose! ” the captain re-
peated.

  “ But he beat up Mate Riney,
cap’n!”

  “ I saw it! Turn him loose! ”

  “ He beat up th’ mate! ”

  “ That’s why I’m telling you to turn
him loose! ” cried the captain, walking
toward them. “ He saved me a job.
I was going to beat Riney up myself.”

  Wondering at the skipper’s manner,
his men obeyed him, and Jack Connor
soon stood in their midst with his arms
and hands free.

  Senor Guerrero, who had been
standing beside the door, hurried for-
ward and stood on tiptoe to whisper
something in the captain’s ear. The
captain nodded his head.

  “ Go aboard, men—all of you! ” he
commanded. “ Round up the others!
I want every one aboard in half an
hour—every one except Riney! ”

  It was the old sea-dog giving a com-
mand. The men disappeared as if by
magic influence.

  “ As for you,” said the captain,
stepping up to Jack Connor, “ I want
to talk to you. Come over in the cor-
ner.”

■	Connor followed him slowly, ready
for the combat he felt sure was com-
ing.

  He remembered how he had made
sport of Captain Bill in the captain’s
hearing; remembered what he had said
concerning the captain’s niece, Wild
Norene.

  Morgan, on his feet again, holding
one hand to a bruised and bloody face,
sensed the situation, and attracted the
attention of certain of Connor’s
friends. At a short distance away
they waited, ready to plunge to the
rescue if Captain Bill Adams opened
hostilities.

  They had heard of Captain Bill.
Even Jack Connor would have diffi-
culty standing up to Captain Bill.

  Captain Bill sat down at the table
and motioned Connor to the other
chair. Guerrero reniained standing
against the wall a short distance away,
wishing the captain would hurry, fear-
ful for the success of their enterprise.

  The mate had been unmasked; Gar-
za, the secret-service agent, knew facts
and details. They might not wait
many hours before making a move.

  Even now, when the captain was
away, they might be descending upon
the ship, and the few men left aboard
might be making an inspection of the
carg£> in the Amingo’s hold.

  “You’re a sailor?” the captain
asked Connor.

  “ Yes. I’ve got a mate’s ticket.”

  “ It is none of my business why youi
thrashed Riney,” the captain went on.
“ I’m glad you did it, however. I had
just discovered that he was a man I
couldn’t trust. I’m minus a mate. Do
you want his job?”

  Connor looked up quickly and met
the captain’s eyes.

  “You’re offering me the berth?”
he demanded.

  “ I am.”

  “ And to-night you sat here and
WILD NORENE.

127

heard me grill you and say things
about your—your niece.”

  Captain Adams’s eyes flashed for an
instant, then he regained his com-
posure.

  “ I’m not speaking of that. Do you
want the job? ”

  Connor laughed lightly.

  “ No, thanks! ” he replied. “ You’d
get me aboard and beat me to death as
soon as we got to sea. I’m taking no
chances with you after you heard what
I said this evening. Do you think I
am a fool? And, besides, I don’t like
the voyage you’re to take. I don’t like
your cargo.”

  The captain restrained his anger and
bent forward across the table.

  “ As to my cargo,” he said, “ that is
none of your business. You are not
supposed to know anything about it
when you ship. As to the other thing
you mention — you’ve heard whether
my word is good.”

  “ I’ve heard it is as good as gold,”
said Connor.

  “ Very well. I give you my word of
honor that I’ll not lay a hand on you
during the voyage. Understand? Does
that satisfy you? And you can bring
your friend Morgan along. I need
another man or two.”

  “ I don’t doubt your word, captain.
But I’ll decline the job with thanks.”
Their eyes clashed again.

  “ I want you,” said Captain Adams.
“ You’re the sort of man I need on the
Amingo. I’m going to sail within
twenty-four hours, and when I sail,
you’ll be aboard.”

  “ I guess not! ”

  “ I’m a man of my word, you’ve ad-
mitted. And I give you my word right
now that you’ll sail with me. You’ll
sail with me, as my mate, whether you
want to or not! ”

  “ I don’t care to sail with any one
just now,” said Connor, remembering
the girl he had met, and her half
promise that he was to see her again.
“ And, if I did, I’d not sail with you!
I’ve got money and friends, and As-
toria is my home port.

  “ And even Captain Bill Adams
can’t make me sign on when I don’t
want to do it! You can understand
that! ”

CHAPTER III.
Wild Norene.

JHE throbbing of engines, the
washing of waves came to the
ears of Jack Connor. He opened his
eyes, sitting up quickly at the same
time, and in an instant was lying down
again, for his head had struck sharply
against the top of the bunk.

  He realized then that he was in the
forecastle of some craft.

  He slipped from the bunk and tried
to stand up. The vessel was rolling
and pitching. Connor guessed in-
stantly that she was passing out over
the bar at the mouth of the Columbia
River.

  He cursed softly to himself as he
put his hands to his aching head and
tried to remember what had occurred.
He had risen from the chair after
hurling his defiance into the face of
Captain Bill Adams, and gone to the
bar, to be joined there by Morgan
and some of his friends.

  As they drank they had watched
Captain Adams and Guerrero walk
through the room and out the front
door.

  Connor had talked with Sally Wood
again for a short time, but Sally had
acted in a peculiar fashion. Sally’s
face had been white, and she appeared
nervous, and Connor had left her,
afraid she was going to lecture him
again for drinking so heavily.

  Together with Morgan and the
others, he had gone to another resort.
There Morgan and he had seated
themselves in a corner and ordered a
Chinese to bring drinks.

  He had tossed his off—and that was
all he could remember.

  Shanghaied! Jack Connor Shang-
haied !

  Connor laughed mirthlessly as he
128

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

held his aching head. He did not
doubt that he was aboard the Amingo,
that Captain Bill Adams had won.

  He found a bucket of water in a
corner and drank deeply, then bathed
his head. A groan caused him to
whirl around. A cry escaped him.
Crawling out of another bunk was
Morgan, his friend.

  “ You! ” Morgan gasped. “ You? ”
  “ The same! ” said Connor.

  “ Where are we ? ”

  “ Aboard some old hooker, just
crossing the bar, I should imagine.
We’re shanghaied, that’s what! ”
Morgan cursed as he made his way
toward the water-bucket.

  “ But—” he began.

  “ It isn’t a hard puzzle to solve,”
said Connor, laughing again. “ I’ll
bet we’re aboard the Amingo.”

  “ She wasn’t to have sailed for
twenty-four hours.”

  “ Maybe it’s been twenty - four
hours,” replied Connor, “ and maybe
Cap’n Bill made up his mind to sail
earlier. Cap’n Bill has a habit, I’ve
understood, of changing his mind at
times. Take another swig of that
water, and we’ll go on deck and face
the music.”

  “ Shanghaied! ” gasped Morgan,
only half able to get the idea through
his befogged brain. “ Now, by Davy
Jones—”

  “ Going to whip the skipper and
crew and put back into port? ” sneered
Connor. “ If we’re shanghaied aboard
the Amingo we might as well take our
medicine, that’s what! We’re due to
obey cap’n’s orders until we make a
port, then there’ll be a chance to de-
sert. We might as well make the best
of it.”

  Morgan sat down on the edge of a
bunk and held his head in his hands.
Connor stood before him smiling.

  “ We Alight get a chance to get
square with Cap’n Bill, you know,” he
said. “ That is, if we are aboard the
Amingo, and I’ll make a big bet we
are. And, if we are, we’re helping
pack arms and ammunition to the

Mexican revolutionists, and there’ll be
a Mexican gunboat at our heels. Oh,
we’ll have experience and excitement,
all right, and maybe get shot up and
maybe go to jail!

  “ We’ll be lucky if we have only
the Mexican to deal with. One of
Uncle Sam’s revenue cutters might
take a notion to overhaul us before
we get on the high seas.”

  “ What are we going to do? ” Mor-
gan asked.

  “ Go on deck. Come on.”

  Connor led the way. They reached
the deck to discover that day was
breaking. To starboard the light at
North Head flashed. Behind was the
river and Astoria.

  And they were aboard the Amingo,
as Connor had guessed.

  Her lights were not burning, and
Connor guessed they had not been
burning when the craft slipped from
the river. Her nose was pointed to-
ward the open sea, and the throbbing
of her engines told that they were
being driven to the utmost. Captain
Adams was barking orders, and mem-
bers of the crew were hurrying about.

  Morgan followed at Connor’s heels
as he led the way across the deck to-
ward the skipper. There was a grin
on the face of Captain Adams as he
met them. He stood before them
with arms folded, waiting for one of
them to speak.

  “ Would you mind telling us,
cap’n, what we’re doing here ? ” Con-
nor asked.

  “ Sleep must have robbed you of
your wits, Mr. Connor,” came the
reply. “ You are aboard the steam
schooner Amingo, Portland to Mazat-
lan, with lumber, of which craft you
are first mate and your friend a mem-
ber of the crew.”

  “Oh! That’s it! I’m first mate,
eh?”

  “ You must have taken too much
liquor, Mr. Connor, that you fail to
remember. I shall be obliged to deny
you shore leave when we make port.
You’ll ruin your health,”
WILD NORENE.

129

  “ Would you mind telling me just
how it came about ? ”

  “ Delighted. I offered you the berth
and you refused, you’ll remember.
When you left that resort you went
to a saloon where the proprietor is
under obligations to me. He put the
old reliable knock-out drops in the
poison you ordered. A couple of my
men took pity on you and your friend
and carried you aboard. We didn’t
want to leave you behind.”

  Morgan took a step forward. His
chin made an inviting target as he
bent toward the skipper.

  “ And let me tell you, you’ll suffer
for this! ” he cried. “ No man can
shanghai me and get away with it! ”
Captain Bill’s arm flashed through
the air, there was a crack, and Mor-
gan stretched his length on the deck.

  Connor did not make a move. Mor-
gan should have known better, he
thought. Shanghaied or not, no man
can rebuke a ship’s master and expect
to go unpunished.

  “ I am glad to see, Mr. Connor, that
you take a sensible view of the mat-
ter,” said the captain. “ I’ll ask yoit
to take the deck presently. Just now
I am interested in putting three miles
of the Pacific between the schooner
and-the coast.

  “Of course, you must understand.
There’s a little vessel in the river that
might follow us. You mentioned her
last night during our interesting con-
versation.”

  He called a couple ,of the men and
ordered them to take Morgan to the
forecastle for the time being and place
him in irons, then faced Connor again.

  “ I said I’d have you for mate, and
I.have you,” he announced. “ I am a
man of my word. I suppose you won-
der why? ”

  “ Because I smashed your old mate,
Riney, I reckon.”

  “ Wrong, Mr. Connor. Riney de-
served the smashing, but I didn’t want
you for mate because I admired your
fistic ability. I can supply all of that
necessary on this craft. I wanted you
9 A-s c

under me where I could give you the
punishment you deserved.”

  Connor’s face flushed' as he looked
the other man squarely in the eyes.

  “ You gave me your word of, honor
that, if I made the voyage with you,
you’d not lay hand on me,” he said.
“ Now that you have me aboard, I
suppose you’ll take it out on me. Start
in, Captain Bill Adams. You’ll win,
maybe, and anyway I’m helpless on
your ship a*id out at sea. But I’ll
leave ray mark on you—”

  The look in the captain’s face
caused him to hesitate.

  “ I am a man of my word,” replied
the?captain, “ and when I said I’d not
lay hands on you I meant it. I’m not
going to beat you up on this voyage.

  “ But I am going to make your life
a hell!

  “ I overheard you last night, as you
know. I don’t care what you think of
me or what you have said about me.
But you spoke of my niece. You di-
vided women into classes, and put her
in the worthless class.

  “ You called her wild and untamed,
and said you could tame her. You
could make her love you, promise to
marry you, you said. And you inti-
mated she was a woman of loose char-
acter, my niece, one of the sweetest
girls God ever let breathe the breath of
life! You can tame her, can you! Very
well, Mr. Jack Connor, that’s exactly
what you’ll have to do! ”

  His eyes blazed into Connor’s, and
Connor took a step backward, not be-
cause of sudden fear, but because of
the spectacle of wrath and pain
mingled that those eyes held.

  “ I’ll be watching you,” the 'captain
continued, “ and Heaven help you if
you show an instant of disrespect.
I’ll tell the girl what I heard you say.
She’s a good girl, a sweet and honest
girl. I’ve kept her with me because I
was afraid to leave her alone in some
port. I worship her. Whatever I
have been, Norene is honest aad good.

  “Tame her, then, if you can; make
her love you and promise to marry
130

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

you, and do it honestly and honorably.
You have until we make port. I’ve
put you in the -mate’s place so you’ll
have every chance. I’m playing fair! ”
“ Suppose I do not fancy making a
young woman fall in love with me,”
said Connor. “ Suppose I do not
make the attempt; suppose I grant
you that I made a mistake, that she is
a good, sweet girl ? ”

  “ There still remains the fact that
you said you could tante her, boasted
of it before your worthless compan-
ions. You have until we reach port.”
“ And if I do not try, or do try
and fail? ”

  “ Then you stand proved a liar,
Jack Connor, and I’ll remember the
insults and deal with you.”

  “ But you’ve passed your word
you'll not lay a hand on me.”

  “ And I’ll not. But I can do some-
thing else. I can make it appear you
are guilty of certain things, violating
international law, for instance. I can
swear, and my men will back me up,
that what this vessel carries is known
to you alone, was shipped by you, that
I thought it honest cargo—for so it
looks. I can have you stood up
against a wall, a file of Mexican Fed-
eral soldiers before you, and shot.

  “ Do you understand now ? Make
good your boast. Tame Wild Norene
after she knows what you have said
about her—or die! Take the deck! ”
Captain Adams went aft. Connor
stood near the rail, looking after him.
What the skipper had said was
damnably true—Adams could, per-
haps, do as he promised.

  Ordinarily, Connor would have had
no scruples. He would-have laid siege
to the heart of Wild Norene and won
it to save his own life, if he could.

  But now the scheme seemed dis-
tasteful to him. Even if such a thing
were possible after the girl’s mind had
been poisoned against him, he did not
want to play with a girl’s affections
only to cast her aside if he won.

  He remembered the girl in Astoria,
the one he could not meet now on

Commercial Street, as he had hoped.
He saw a vision of her before him—
her large, trusting eyes and frank face.
She was the first woman he ever had
met for whom he thought he could
care.

  What would she think of a man
who would make love to a woman
when he did not mean it, merely to
save his own half-worthless life?

  “ I’ll not do it! ” he muttered.
“ There'll be some other way. I can
wait until the last—put up a fight.
Morgan will help me! ”

  He took charge of the deck and for
a time worked frantically. Captain
Adams watched him and recognized
that Connor knew his business, that
the new mate was familiarizing him-
self with the men and the ship.

  Half an hour passed; then Connor
turned aft—to meet the vision of
which he had dreamed.

  She was coming across the deck
toward him, her face flushed, her eyes
wide in wonder. She was dressed in
a loose blouse and short skirt, and her
hair was whipped about her face by
the wind. Connor stared at her as she
advanced.

  What could she be doing here? he
wondered. If she was surprised to
see him, he was more surprised to see
her. But his heart beat wildly as he
realized she was aboard, that he would
see her every day, talk with her, walk
the deck with her.

  Tame Wild Norene to save his own
life? Not with this girl aboard! He
could not act falsely before her, could
not let her despise him, as he felt sure
she would if he did such a thing.

  “You?” he heard her say. “You
are the new mate? ”

  “ I whipped Riney, then got his
job,” he replied, laughing. “ But how
do you happen to be here? I was to
have -met you this afternoon in As-
toria.”

  “ I intended to sail on the Amingo,
but she wasn’t to have sailed until to-
night,” she answered. “ There was a
change in plans. I really expected to
WILD NORENE.

131

see you in Astoria this afternoon.
And now—to find you here—”

  “ But why are you here? ” he asked.
“ I didn’t know the Amingo carried
passengers.”

  Captain Adams, smiling evilly,
stepped between them.

  “ Mr. Connor,” he said, “ let me
make you acquainted with my niece,
Miss Norene Adams! ”

  The captain’s eyes | were upon him,
but Connor could not prevent the look
of amazement and pain that came into
his face.

 Norene Adams! This woman he
had met on the street in Astoria, the
only woman he ever had taken the
trouble to look at more than once, the
woman for whom he had thrashed a
man, the woman it had pained him to
see in the resort, mention of whose
name he had prohibited there—was
Wild Norene, of whom he had spoken
lightly to his friends!

  The girl was dimpling, her eyes
sparkling, ready to laugh at her uncle
and tell him they had met before.
But Connor, watching the evil smile
on the captain’s face, was thinking of
the predicament in which he found
himself.

  That this girl could be the Wild No-
rene of whom he had heard so much
was not to be believed. How she
would despise him when her uncle
told her!

  There was a pleading in Connor’s
face as he looked at the skipper, but
Captain Bill did not show mercy.

  “ Norene,” he said, “ I’ve something
to tell you in Mr. Connor’s presence.”
“Well, uncle?”

  “ You know I went to a certain
resort in Astoria last night to learn
the truth about Riney being a man I
could not trust ? ”

  “ I heard you say you were going
with Senor Guerrero.”

“ Mr. Connor was sitting at a table
near me with some of his companions.
They began talking of the Amingo,
of me and my business, finally of you.”
“ Of me! ” she exclaimed. .

  “ Very complimentary, wasn’t it, to
speak of you in such a place? Mr.
Connor spoke, too, in a tone half the
persons yi the resort could hear. One
of his companions remonstrated with
him about mentioning your name
there.

  “Do you know what he replied?
That there were but two classes of
women, one too good to be mentioned
by men of his stamp, and the others
of such standing that it made no dif-
ference what a man said about them.

  “ He put you in the latter class.”

  “ Oh! ” the girl, cried; her face
flushed scarlet.

  She looked at Connor, but he was
not watching her; his eyes were bla-
zing into those of the captain, and he
said nothing.

  “ Is this—true J ” she asked him.

  “ Your uncle has said that it is,” he
replied, without taking his eyes from
the captain’s face.

  “ Wait, Norene; that is not all,” the
skipper resumed. “ One of the men
said you were called Wild Norene,
and Mr. Connor said you needed a
man to tame you.

  “ ‘ I would tame her,’ he boasted.

*	I could make her love me, promise
to be my wife. I could tame her so
she’d eat out of my hand.’

  “ That was his boast, Norene, to
his drunken companions, in a dive,
where other men could hear.

  “ So I had him knocked out and
carried aboard, and I’ve made him
mate. We’ll see if he makes good his
boast. I’ve given him until we reach
port to win your love and your prom-
ise to be his wife. If he fails, there
will be punishment provided.”

  Captain Adams laughed raucously.
Anger flamed in the girl’s face as she
turned toward Connor and stepped
close to him.

  “ Is all this true ? ” she demanded.
  “ Cap’n Adams says.it is.”

“ I want to hear you say so. Did
you make that boast before your
drunken companions in that resort ? ”
“ Listen to me! ” Connor cried. “ I
132

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

met you accidentally yesterday after-
noon on the street. You’re the first
.woman I ever took the trouble to look
at twice. My friend taunted me about
it when we went to that resort, and I
warned all men they were not to men-
tion you, even without mentioning
your name. Your uncle, if he was
there at the time, will say this is the
truth.

  “ I didn’t know you were Wild
Norene; I’d never have guessed it. I
knew only that you were a woman,
and a good woman.

   “ I saw you later at the door of that
resort, and you asked me to thrash a
man who had insulted you, acted as if
your presence in such a place was
nothing unusual, and still I knew that
you were good.

  “ When I spoke# as I did to my
friends I was not speaking of you. I
was talking of the Norene I knew by
reputation only, thinking only of what
I had heard men say—”

  “ Then you did say it? ”

  “ I said it—yes. But I didn’t
know—”

  Her eyes held his. Her face went
white for an instant, and with all the
strength at her command she struck
him across the face with the flat of her
•hand. Her fingers left white marks
in the red and tan, but Connor did not
move.

  She started to turn away, half
ashamed of what she had done.

  “ I didn’t know! ” he said. “ Great
heavens, girl, do you suppose I’d insult
you purposely, whether I knew you
personally or not? I tell you you’re
the last woman in the world whose
name I’d speak lightly—the only wom-
an in the world I’d look at a second
time—”

  “ You already are beginning to tame
me, I see. You are trying, perhaps, to
make me believe you love me, trying to
make me love you,” she said in scorn.

  “ Miss Adams, can’t you under-
stand? I didn’t know you were Wild
Norene.”

  “ And how may I be sure ? ” she

asked. “ You boasted you could tame
me. When I asked you to thrash Riney
for his insult to me, you did it instantly.
Perhaps that was to gain my gratitude.
Maybe that was part of the taming
process.”

  “ Miss Adams, I—”

  “ I do not care to discuss the matter
with you,” she interrupted. “ You are
beneath notice! You may prepare to
take what punishment my uncle has
promised, for small chance you have of
taming me and winning my love! ”

  “ And if that punishment is—
death ? ”

  “ It does not matter to me; I am not
interested,” she said.

  Without another word she turned
her back upon him and walked slowly
away to the rail, to stand there looking
out over the sea, making a picture to
attract the eyes of any man.

  Connor looked after her. He was
cursing himself for the words he had
spoken in the resort.

  Captain Adams was chuckling.

  “ I guess she told you something! ”
the skipper said.

  Connor whirled upon him.

  “And I’ll tell you somethinig! ” he
exclaimed. “ This is the third time
I’ve met her. But I love her! Do you
understand ? I think she’s the best and
sweetest woman in the world. And
I’ll do what I boasted I could do, in
spite of the way you have poisoned her
against me.

  “ I’ll win her and I’ll marry her!
And I’ll not do it to escape any punish-
ment you may hand out, but because
she’s the woman I want—the woman
I’m ready to fight for! Can you un-
derstand that? ”

CHAPTER IV.

The Stowaway.

THE noon hour found the steam-
schooner Amingo on the broad
sea far off the coast, her nose pointed
to the south, the Oregon shore half
obscured by a fog.
WILD NORENE.

133

  Connor had gone to the forecastle,
at Captain’s Bill’s orders, to remove
the irons from Morgan and, after de-
livering a lecture, send him on deck.
He made the most of the opportunity
and told Morgan all that had trans-
pired; an attempt to outwit Captain
Adams was decided upon, and both
were to apply their minds to inventing
ways and means.

  There would be safety for several
days, for the captain would keep his
word, they knew, and make no move
to harm Connor until the end of the
voyage.

  It was at this time that two members
of the crew, climbing over the lumber
lashed to the deck, discovered the stow-
away.

  The stowaway was a woman.

/ Captain Adams’s eyes bulged with
surprise as the two men led her across
the deck toward him.' She was tall and
shapely, dressed in serviceable clothing,
and had no hat. Her hair was dishev-
eled and flying in the breeze.

  She made no attempt at resistance,
but walked forward proudly, not even
trying to shake off the men who
grasped her arms and urged her on.

  The brow of Captain Bill was wrin-
kled in thought; he told himself he had
seen the woman before. The men led
her up to him, and her ey.es met his un-
flinchingly.

  “ Stowaway, cap’n,” one of the men
said, grinning. “ She was hidden be-
tween two piles of lumber.”

  “ Go forward! ”

  The men obeyed, turning frequently
to look back at the woman, who re-
mained standing in front of the skip-
per, waiting for him to speak.

  A woman stowaway was unusual,
and any sort of a stowaway was a rarity
alx>ard the Amingo.

  “ Well? ” the skipper demanded.

  The woman put her hands behind
her back and regarded him without
apparent emotion.

  “ How did you come aboard ? ” Cap-
tain Adams asked.

  “ I took a small boat and rowed out

to the schooner this morning about
three o’clock. I understood you would
sail before daylight, so I had no time
to lose. I caught a line under the bow-
sprit, and made my way to the deck and
hid in the lumber. I let the boat drift
out to sea.”

  “It is rather unusual for a woman
to do such a thing. Why did you
do it?”

  “ I had good reasons.”

  “ You live in Astoria? ”

  “ I've been living there for some
time.”

  “ Running away from the police ? ”
The girl’s face flushed as she re-
plied :

  “ I have done nothing to put the po-
lice on me, sir.”

  “ I guess you’ll have to explain.
When a woman does what you have
done—sneaks aboard a vessel—there
must be some compelling reason. There
isn’t much charity for stowaways. Do
you know where this vessel is going? ”
“ No, sir.”

  “'What? I supposed, naturally, you
wanted to get to a certain port and had
no money. Why, in Heaven’s name,
did you stow away on a craft whose
destination is unknown to you ? ”

. “ I’m not anxious to get to any cer-
tain port,” she said, “ and I have plenty
of money. I can pay my passage.”
She reached in the front of her waist
and drew out a roll of bills, and a small
bag filled with silver and gold coins.

  “ This isn’t a passenger vessel,” said
the captain. “ And if you wanted to
sail with us and had, money, why didn't
you see me about it, instead of playing
stowaway? ”

  “ You’d not have given me passage,
would you ? ”

   “ I scarcely think so.”

  “ That’s why I sneaked aboard in
the way I did. I was determined to
sail on this vessel and none other.”

  “ Seems like I’ve seen you some
place before.”

  “ You no doubt have, sir. I’ve been
playing the piano in a certain resort in
Astoria. My name is Sally Wood.”
134

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

 “Ah! I remember now. Your
story was told to me last night. I think
I am more than justified in asking you
for an explanation now. You don’t
know where we are bound, but were
determined to sail with us. Why?”

  “ You say you’ve heard my story? ”
  “ Yes.”

  “ Then you know that I’ve been
working—where I have—in order to
get money quickly. And you know for
what reason ? ”

  “ To trail the man who married you
and deserted you, I was told.”

  “ The man who stole my father’s
savings and left us penniless,” she add-
ed. “ Last night I saw that man.
That’s why I’m aboard this vessel. He
is a member of your crew.”

  “ A member of my crew! ” the
captain cried. “ Prove that, girl, and
convince me your story is true, and
I’ll manhandle him myself.”

  “ I will take care of him,” she said.
“ I always thought I’d kill him when
I found him. Now I’m not so sure
but what I’ll make him suffer first. I
don’t know how it’s to be done, but
I’ll find a way. Just let me pay pas-
sage, so I can be near him and watch.
I’ll not create a disturbance aboard
your ship.”

  “ You’ll pay no passage! ” the cap-
tain exclaimed. “If I’ve got a man
like that aboard this ship I want to
know it, and I’ll help vou punish him.
Who is he?”

. “ Your mate, sir.”

 “What?”

  “ He was fighting last night, and I
recognized him just as the fight was
over. I learned he was your mate and
discovered that you had ordered your
men aboard. I knew you meant to
sail immediately. I got my money,
changed clothes, left the place where
I was employed, and boarded the
schooner. Now I want to meet him
face to face.”

  The captain looked away across the
sea for a moment, then back at her.
She was watching his face, waiting for
his answer.

  “ I’m afraid you’ve made a mistake,
girl,” he said.

  “ Do you think I don’t know the
man who wrecked my life, helped send
my father to his grave ? ”

  “ I didn’t mean a mistake in that
way. You say he fought in the re-
sort ? ”

  “ You saw the fight, for I saw you
watching. He was fighting with Jack
Connor. He sneaked away like the
coward he is.”

  “You mean Riney, then?”

  “ His name was Wood when I mar-
ried him. The man I mean has a scar
on his face.”

  “ He didn’t sneak away because he
was afraid to continue the fight, for
my men won,” said the captain. “ He
sneaked away because he saw me there
—because he knew I had discovered
he was a man not to be trusted. He
sneaked away so I couldn’t get my
hands on his worthless throat—”

  “ And now you’ve—you’ve pun-
ished him ? ” she asked. In her eyes
was the fear that she would not have
a chance for vengeance; that the cap-
tain had taken that chance away from
her.

  “ I’ve had no chance to punish him,”
Captain Adams said. “ He’s deserted
the ship, girl. I’ve got a new mate,
though I had a deuce of a time get-
ting him. My new mate is the man
who thrashed Riney—Jack Connor.”
“ Oh! ” There was surprise in her
voice at this last statement of the cap-
tain’s.

  Then realization of her position
came to her.

  “ So he has escaped me, too! ” she
cried. “ I’ve stowed away to get him,
and he’s behind in Astoria laughing,
and I’m aboard this ship bound for—
Heaven knows where! ”

  Captain Adams patted her shoulder.
“ Don’t worry, girl,” he said. “ It
isn’t as bad as you think. I’ve a good
notion that the man you want will
meet up with you soon. I’m pretty
sure he’s on a craft that’s going to
follow us down the coast. You just
WILD NORENE.

135

make yourself comfortable aboard.
It’d do me good to see you meet him,
and I’ll arrange it if I can. My niece
is aboard, and she’ll be company for
you. And there is Jack Connor, too.”
The captain chuckled as another
thought came to him. “ It is fortu-
nate Connor is my new mate,” he said.
“ I think he likes you, girl.”

  Her face flashed crimson as the
captain looked at her. He had re-
membered what Guerrero had said—■
that this woman loved Jack Connor.
If she thought Connor returned her
affection she’d pay considerable atten-
tion-to him. It would prove another
barrier between Connor and Norene.

  Captain Adams didn’t think another
barrier was needed, but it was better
to be on the safe side.

  It happened that at that moment
Connor and Morgan came from the
forecastle. Connor and Sally Wood
faced each other across six feet of
deck.

 “You?” Connor gasped. “For
the love of Heaven, Sally, what are
you doing here ? ”

  “ She came to find her husband, the
man who deserted her,” the captain
said. “ Riney was the man.”

  “ Then I’m doubly glad I smashed
him! But you missed him—you are
here, and he has remained behind.”

  “ She played stowaway to get at
him,” the captain said. “ Two of the
men found her among the lumber piles
forward. There’s nerve for you.
We’ll take care of her, Connor, and
if Riney follows on that fool gun-
boat we’ll see that she meets him face
to face and makes him uncomfort-
able. Take her below and see that
she has something hot to eat.”

“ Thank you, sir,” Connor replied.
Sally Wood staggered as she started
forward, and Connor threw an arm
about her and helped her across the
deck.

  Wild Norene came from below just;
in time to see them. She stood to
one side as they passed. Connor gave
her no attention; he was bending over

Sally Wood and talking to her in a
low tone.

  Wild Norene’s face flushed and she
hurried across to her uncle.

  “ Who is that woman ? ” she asked.
“ What is she doing here ? ”

  The captain laughed.

  “ She’s a stowaway, niece. The men
found her behind a lumber pile. She
crept aboard at Astoria just before we
sailed.”

  “ But—”

  “ She was afraid I’d not take her
as a passenger, and she was deter-
mined to sail on the Amingo. That’s
why she stowed away. Interested in
the mate.”

  “ Interested in the mate,” Norene
repeated, looking in the direction
Connor and Sally Wood had taken.
“ What sort of a woman—”

  “ She’s a musician. She played the
piano in the place where Riney and
Connor had the fight last night.

  “ Oh! ” There was deep scorn in
Norene’s voice.

  “ Both interested in this girl, I
imagine. Perhaps that’s why they
fought; the fight seemed to start over
nothing at all.”

  “ Oh! ” she gasped again.

  It flashed over her mind that here
was the reason Jack Connor had
agreed so promptly to thrash Riney,
and without asking questions as to
why he should be thrashed. She had
thought he was fighting for her—and
he had been fighting for this woman!

  Wild Norene said nothing more to
her uncle, but turned and went for-
ward to stand near the rail and look
ahead at the tossing sea.

  Captain Bill Adams chuckled. Let
Jack Connor win Norene now, if he
could r	i

       CHAPTER V.
       The Mate’s Order.

JHE North Pacific kicks up its heels
at times like a wilful youngster
overriding parental authority. For
136

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

the remainder of that day and that
night and the day following there was
work for Jack Connor to do.

  Captain Bill Adams, on deck with
his mate, watching the crew as they
carried out Connor’s orders, listening
to the mate’s hoarse voice as he bel-
lowed his commands, found himself
regretting that he had planned to pun-
ish the man; he began wishing he
could- have Connor for his mate per-
manently.

  There is danger in a blow when the
seas run high for a vessel that car-
ries a cargo of lumber lashed to her
decks.

  Time and time again giant seas
boarded the Amingo'and threatened to
tear away lashings and make every
stick of the cargo a peril to the crew
and a matter of loss to underwriters.

  An afternoon, a night, and a day
without sleep, Connor held himself to
his work, refusing politely to turn in
when the skipper told him he could
do so.

  Connor relished the work because,
for the time being, it took his mind
away from other matters.

  Senor Guerrero, brave enough,
perhaps, on the field of battle when
engaged in leading ragged revolution-
ists against their organized govern-
ment. was an abject coward now.
Seasickness had made of the hero a
craven.

  He remained below, moaning, long-
ing for the death that did not come.

  Sally Wood, too, remained in the
small cabin Captain Adams had as-
signed her, for Sally was not used to
the sea. The Chinese cook offered
her food and drink, which she refused,
and played steward in an attempt to
relieve her suffering.

  In those two days Connor knew why
Wild Norene was so named.

  She was on deck when the blow be-
gan, her eyes sparkling, her cheeks
flushed. She clung to the rail and
watched the tumbling sea, glorying in
the rushing wind, the dashing spray,
running away now and then to escape

a wetting. She stood on the deck and
watched the man put extra lashings on
the lumber, laughed and shrieked like
a wild sister of the wind that was
raging.

  Jack Connor, watching her from
afar, felt his admiration grow. She
had not spoken to him since the scene
that first morning: she had not spoken
■to Sally Wood at all.

  The second night came and the
storm fell. Jack Connor turned in,
stiff and sore, to sleep the clock
around.

  He emerged from the cabin in the
middle of the next morning, to find
the sea dancing in the sunshine. The
coast could be seen in the distance.

  Behind, smoke pouring from her
stacks, followed the Mexican gunboat
like a hound on the trail.

  Captain Adams laughed as he saw
Connor regarding the pursuing vessel.

  “ Needn’t fear her, lad,” he said.
“ You have graver things to fear.
You haven’t won Wild Norene’s love
yet, I take it? ”

  “ I haven’t spoken to your niece
since you blackened me to her.”

  “ You lost time because of the
storm, lad, but that’s the fortune of
war. The days are slipping. We’re
getting down the coast a bit. The
voyage will not last for always.”

  “ It is my affair,” Connor said.
“ You gave me until we made port.
Let it rest at that.”

  Captain Bill was watching the gun-
boat through his glass.

  “ She’s kicking. up a real lot of
water,” he said, “ but that’s all she
dare do. I scarcely think she’ll put a
shot across our bows when Old Glory
is flying from our stern.”

  “ She can make as good time as the
Amingo, sir. You’ll not dare go in
Mexican waters.”

  The skipper laughed loudly.

  “ You don’t think I’m going to stay
on the high seas forever, do you? I’ve
a bit of cargo to deliver, and it’ll be
delivered. A measly little gunboat
with a Mexican in command can be
WILD NOREtNE.

137

dodged by the Amingo with a Yankee
sailing her, and don’t you forget it.
I’ll turn in now, I guess.”

  The Amingo was making good time
and was on the right course; there was
little for Connor to do. Morgan was
with others of the crew in the fore-
castle getting sorely needed sleep after
the battle with the gale.

  Senor Guerrero came on deck for a
time, pale and weak, spoke a few
words, and retired again. Connor
imagined he did it to see for himself
whether the Amingo still was afloat.

  And then Norene appeared.

  She walked forward, playing with
the ship’s dog mascot. Presently she
turned and made for the bridge.

  Connor watched her from the cor-
ners of his eyes. She did not go aft;
she stopped, started up.

  Connor swung his glass up and
looked hard to starboard at nothing.
When he lowered the glass she was
within six feet of him and with a
glass of her own was looking back at
the Mexican gunboat. She did not
appear to recognize his presence.

  Connor smiled as he turned his back
upon her and again regarded a spot
he imagined to be on the horizon.
When he looked back she had
dropped the glass to her side and was
watching the antics of the dog playing
with one of the men over the piles of
lumber.

  Connor wondered whether she had
come there to explain by her actions
that she did not consider he existed on
earth. If she would not recognize his
presence, he would recognize hers, he
told himself.

  He was puzzled how to begin.

  A plea for justice would not avail
with such a girl as Norene; he had
made that before and it had failed.
To start an ordinary conversation
would mean to be snubbed. He must
find some way to startle her, some way
to make her answer, to get her to talk.

  An idea came to him, an idea so
bold that for a moment it held him
aghast, then forced him to smile in

spite of himself. He would startle
Wild Norene as she never had been
startled before, he decided.

  He took a step nearer her.

  “ I beg your pardon,” he said.

  She turned her back on him and
made no reply. Raising the glass again,
she contemplated the distant shore.

  “ Pardon me, but passengers are not
allowed on the bridge! ”

  “ Passengers! *’

  She whirled toward him as she
spoke, then, realizing she had been be-
trayed into speaking, flushed and bit
her lip.

  But Connor was not smiling at her
nor sneering at her, was not sarcastic,
not angry, not attempting a pleasantry.
He was only the courteous, firm officer
in temporary charge of a vessel on the
high seas.

  “ Pardon me for mentioning it,” he
continued. “ Perhaps you did not
understand about it.”

  “ Not understand—”

  She bit her lip and flushed again.
Not understand? Wild Norene
Adams, who had spent ten years
aboard a vessel with Captain Bill, not
to understand the simple rules of the
sea?

  Hot anger flamed within her; her
eyes flashed danger signals.

  “ It is permissible, with the captain’s
permission, to visit the bridge with
himself or another officer, but it is not
permitted you to be alone on the bridge
with the officer in charge.”

  “ Are you trying to be imperti-
nent ? ”

  “ Also, it is forbidden to speak to
the bridge officer, madam.”

  He turned away from her and again
contemplated the horizon, trying hard
to keep from smiling.

  “ It happens,” she said in scorn.
“ that I have the run of the ship. I
own one-fifth interest in her, if you
desire to know it. I think I may stand
on the bridge a moment.”

  He turned toward her again, his
face grave.

  “ It would be the same, madam, if
138

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

you owned all of her,” he said. “ An
officer in charge of a vessel has re-
sponsibilities and certain rights. He
can order an owner in irons if that
owner makes an attempt to interfere
with navigation of the ship.”

  Her eyes flamed again.

  “ You’d put me in irons, I sup-
pose ?” she asked.

  He did smile now.

  “ I scarcely think it will be neces-
sary,” he said. “ Now that I have ex-
plained, I am sure you’ll descend to the
deck and observe my orders.”

  “Your orders!” she exclaimed.
“ You— You dare to speak to me
like this? You—you—dare order me
from the bridge of the Amingo as you
would a meddlesome tourist on a Jap-
anese liner? You—”

  “ Ordinary rules of seafaring, my
dear madam, that I cannot see fit to
disobey,” he reminded her. “ Pardon
me for not accompanying you to the
deck; I cannot leave the bridge.”

  She gasped at him again, then sat on
the rail, crooking her feet around a
post, folded her hands in her lap, and
regarded him, her head held high, the
danger signals still in her eyes.'

  She knew he was laughing at her—
that he was attempting to make her
talk to him. She had come up on the
bridge to punish him by acting as if
unaware of his presence, and now she
could not retreat and leave to him the
victory.

  She would remain, and she would
ignore him.

  He regarded the pursuing gunboat
again, looked long at the shore, then
turned toward her and pretended sur-
prise.

  “ I believe I suggested that you
descend to the deck, madam,” he said.

  She looked away from him; made
no answer.

  “You refuse to obey my order?”
he asked.

  No answer. She was biting at the
corner of her lip to keep from laugh-
ing. What could he do now, she won-
dered.

  He turned away from her again.

  “ Forward! ” he cried. “ Pass the
word to Morgan; tell him to come to
the bridge immediately with one of the
other men! ”

  “ Aye, aye, sir! ”

  The Amingo continued on her way
through the wallowing sea. Connor
did not look at her again, could net
trust himself to do so.

  She remained sitting on the rail, try-
ing to keep from laughing. He would
speak to her again soon, she supposed,
and again she would ignore him and
make no answer.

  Morgan, rubbing his sleepy eyes,
came from the forecastle and made his
way aft, another man at his heels.
They mounted to the bridge and stood
before the mate.

  “You wanted us, Mr. Connor?”

  “ Yes. This young lady refuses to
leave the bridge after being ordered
to do so. Conduct her to her cabin
and lock her in. If she resists, put her
in irons! ”

  Norene’s eyes bulged in amazement
and she got down from the rail, staring
at him, not believing what she had
heard, not dreaming he would dare
think of going so far.

  “ I—I beg pardon, sir ? ” asked
Morgan, looking from one to the
other.

  “You heard my orders? Do as I
told you ! ”

  “ But—”

  “ As I told you! ” Connor advanced
toward him threateningly.

  “ Aye, aye, sir! ”

  Morgan turned toward her, the
other seaman stepping beside him.

  “ Mate’s orders, you go below,
miss,” Morgan said.

  “ I’m very comfortable here, thank
you.”

  Morgan was bewildered. Conduct-
ing the captain’s niece below was some-
thing out of the ordinary. He wasn’t
sure what he should do. But the dis-
cipline of the sea is strong—and he had
received his orders.

 But—
WILD NORENE.

139

  “ Lady refuses to go below, sir,” he
reported to the mate.

  “ You have your orders! ”

  Connor’s lips were twitching; he did
not dare turn and look at them.
Through his glass he regarded another
spot on the horizon. Morgan scratched
his head a moment, then faced Norene
again.

  “ Mate’s orders must be obeyed,
miss,” he said. “ Officer says you must
go below.”

  Norene realized the man’s predica-
ment and did not care to cause him
trouble. It was Connor she wanted to
outwit.

  “ Tell your officer,” she replied,
“ that I was just going. There is
much better company in the forecas-
tle.”

  She started to descend, and Morgan
and the other sailor followed her at a
respectful distance. On the deck they
stopped, while Norene walked across
to the rail, leaning against it and kick-
ing out her heels like a girl of ten.

  “ What th’ dev—” Morgan was
muttering to himself.

  “ Morgan! ” came the hail from the
bridge.

  “ Aye, sir!”

  “ I told you to conduct the young
lady to her cabin and lock her in. Do
so instantly, and fetch me the key.”

   “ Aye, aye, sir! ”

  Morgan and his messmate started
slowly across the deck toward her.
Orders were orders; if they had been
told to throw the Chinese cook over-
board they might have done it, and
stopped to think of it afterward.

  Norene whirled upon them as they
advanced, and held out her hands.

  “ Do as your officer ordered! ” she
said. “ Lock me in my cabin, then
take him the key.”

  Her face was fiery red; she looked
once at the bridge, her eyes flashing
angry—but Connor was calmly gazing
through his glass at the imaginary
spot on the horizon.

  Morgan and his comrade followed
her below, ushered her into her cabin,

locked the door, and carried the key
up to the mate. In the ears of Wild
Norene rang the chuckle she had heard
Morgan give as he locked the door:

  “ Great Salt Lake! Cap’n’s niece!
And it’ll be in th’ log! ”

  Her head held high, her hands
clenched, and her arms held rigid at
her sides, she stood for a moment and
regarded the door they had locked.
Then the storm broke.

  She was Wild Norene Adams in
earnest now. She pounded against the
door in her fury, shrieked and
screeched, hurled to the floor or
against the walls everything movable.

  In another woman it would have
been old-fashioned hysterics, but in
Wild Norene it was anger, pure and
simple, rage at herself for having been
conquered, not at the man who had
conquered her.

  The slumbering skipper in the ad-
joining cabin*^vas awakened when a
lamp-bracket crashed against the wall.
He sprang to his feet and began pull-
ing on his clothes, his ears assailed by
shrieks and cries.

  He knew it was Norene’s voice.
What had happened? What in the
name of Neptune, he asked himself,
could have happened?

  He ran out and pounded on No-
rene’s door. He saw that Senor Guer-
rero was standing near, aghast at such
an outburst. Farther away, Sally
Wood had opened a door and was
peering out, fright in her face.

   “ Norene! Girl! ” the skipper cried.
“ What is it ? Open the door! ”

  Another shriek of anger answered
him.

  “ What’s the matter ? Open the
door, girl! ”

  Another chorus of hysterical
screams. Captain Bill stepped back.
Another instant and his gigantic bulk
crashed against the door’s panels and
burst them in. He half fell into the
tiny cabin.

  Norene was standing near a port-
hole, her back toward him, stamping
140

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

her feet, pounding against the thick
glass with her tiny fists.

  “Norene! What is it, girl?”

  She turned as he approached, and he
tried to take her in his arms, sudden
alarm in his face, for never had he
seen Norene in quite such a state be-
fore.

  But she pushed him away and con-
fronted him, wild anger in her eyes.

  “ Girl—girl! What is it? ” he asked.
  “ Ask—your mate! ” she gasped.

  “ My mate!l’ Captain Bill turned
and dashed from the cabin and to the
deck. He had been aroused from a
deep sleep, he had heard Norene
screeching as if in fear and anger, he
had demanded the reason, and had
been told to ask his mate. Had Con-
nor overstepped the bounds of cour-
tesy? Had he dared insult Norene?

  Captain Bill’s fists were clenched
and his breath was coming in angry
gasps as he hurried across the deck and
mounted to the bridge.^

  He stopped in astonishment as he
reached it. Jack Connor was looking
through his glass at the imaginary
spot on the horizon. He did not pre-
sent the appearance of a man who had
just quarreled with a woman or insult-
ed her. He was the typical, cool, calm
and collected officer on the bridge.

  Captain Bill began to feel ridiculous
as Connor turned and faced him.

  “ Up so soon, cap’n ? ” he asked.

  “ What’s been goin’ on here ? ”

  “ I beg your pardon, sir? ”

  “ My niece is down in her cabin
shrieking to wake the dead. She woke
me, all right! I asked her what was
the matter and she said to ask the
mate. If you’ve gone too far—”

  “ Oh! ” Sudden recollection seemed
to come to Connor. “ She came up
here on the bridge, sir. I informed
her, courteously, that passengers were
not allowed on the bridge.”

  “ Passengers—”

  “ And asked her politely to leave.
She answered me, and I informed her
it was against the rules to talk to the
bridge officer.”

  Connor’s eyes were twinkling and a
smile lurked on his lips as he faced his
superior.

  “ Well? ” the captain demanded.

  “ She refused to go, sir. Mutiny
of passenger against rules! I called
two of the men and had them lock her
in her cabin and fetch me the key.”
“You— You what?”

   “ Yes, sir.”

  “ You did that—to Norene? ”

  “ Yes, sir—fully within my rights,
of course, and in a polite and courteous
manner. Here is the key, sjr.”

  Captain Bill Xdams took the key,
but did not take his eyes from the
mate’s face. Slowly the expression of
his own face relaxed, his mouth
twitched, then he threw back his head
and roared.

  “For the love of Neptune!” he
cried, and laughed again. “ Sent her
to her cabin—locked her in—Wild No-
rene! Great Heaven, how she’ll hate
you now! Fully within your rights
and in a polite and courteous manner,
eh? That’s good! By Heaven, it’s
good! Wild Norene! So that’s the
way you start in to tame her, eh ? ”
Captain Bill laughed again; Connor
searched the horizon once more. A
voice behind them—Norene’s voice—
made them both turn.

  “ Funny, is it? ” she demanded. She
had followed her uncle and made her
way to the bridge. “ Well, are you
going to thrash this fine mate of yours?
The meil could not help it—they had
to carry out his orders! ”

  The captain laughed again, while
she stood before him angrily, tapping
the floor of the bridge with the toe of
one shoe. The captain’s laugh died
down, and as Norene looked away an
instant he winked at Connor.

  “ Mr. Connor tells me he ordered ■
you to leave the bridge and you refused
to go.”

  “ He did—and I did.”

  “ And he called a couple of men and
had you locked in your cabin ? ”

  “ He did! And it’ll be in the log. I
went because of the men—they were
WILD NORENE.

141

forced to obey orders. Now thrash
this man for me because of his impu-
dence ! ”

  Captain Bill pulled at his mustache.

  “ My dear Norene,” he said, “ my
officer acted fully within his rights. He
wasn’t insolent, was he ? ”

  “ He was polite enough,” she admit-
ted.

  “ You should have left the bridge
when he ordered it,” said the captain,
trying hard not to laugh. “ I cannot
punish my mate for abiding by the
rules of the sea. And now you’ve got-
ten yourself in worse than ever—
you’ve broken your arrest and come
up here on deck.”

  “Uncle!”

  “ Must have discipline! ” said Cap-
tain Bill. “ You’ll have to go back in
your cabin until I have time to con-
sider your case. Mr. Connor, I’ll take
the bridge until you return. Conduct
Miss Adams to her cabin. I smashed
the door, but you can put a man on
guard if you think it necessary.”

  “ Uncle Bill! ” she shrieked.

  But the captain had turned his back
upon her, for no longer could he keep
back the chuckles that bubbled to his
lips.

  “ At least,” she said, recovering
some of her dignity, “ take me back
yourself, or let me go alone. I do not
care to walk across the deck with a
man of Mr. Connor’s stamp.”

  Connor’s face grew red, and there
was an expression of pain in it.

  “ Miss Adams,” he said, “ I do not
care to accompany you if you think I
am unworthy. I see youi are bound
not to be friends with me. I explained
honestly to you once. I spoke lightly
of Wild Norene in a low resort, be-
cause I did not know you personally
then, I thought. But I did know you,
only not by name, and a few minutes
before I had prohibited mention of you
in the same place—because I had met
you and admired you, because I loved
you from the first—and I’m not
ashamed to tell you now, in your
uncle’s presence.”

  “ This is a part of the taming pro-
cess, I suppose,” she sneered. “ Do
you think I believe in your love mere-
ly because you say you love me? Are
you not saying it to escape the punish-
ment my uncle has promised you ? Do
you think I am that weak-minded?”
“ I have told you the truth,” he re-
plied, “ believe it or not. I’ll never
mention the subject again—and I’ll
take whatever punishment your uncle
sees fit to give me. But do not say I
am unworthy to walk across the deck
with you, for I have not lied. I’m a
rough sailor, but I’ve kept myself
measurably clean, and what bad habits
I have can be corrected easily.

  “ However, you do not see fit to
give me a square deal. I’ll not bother
you further, Miss Adams. Regarding
the present matter, with the captain’s
permission we’ll consider your arrest
at an end.”

  He bowed fo her and turned away.
The look in his eyes haunted her.
She fought against feeling that his
words were true. She wanted to feel
that she could condemn this man to his
face. Ah—

  “ A worthy man — you! ” she ex-
claimed. “ And just how worthy? Do
you know one reason I won’t believe
you? Do you want to know one rea-
son why I think you are unworthy?
What about the girl who became a
stowaway? What about the girl who
played the piano in that low resort you
made your headquarters? Why did
she become a stowaway ? ‘ Interested
in the mate,’ my uncle says. A woman
like that—a vile creature like that un-
sexes herself to follow you when you
sail, yet you say you are a worthy man.
And you fought with Riney for her—•
not because I asked you to avenge his
insult to me!”

  “ Stop! ” Connor almost yelled the
word. “You do not know what you
are saying! Sally Wood is a woman
in a thousand—a good woman—”

  “ A good woman—playing the piano
there?” she cried, laughing.

  “Yes—a good woman!” Connor’s
142

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

eyes blazed at the captain, then he
faced Norene again, “ Evidently your
uncle hasn’t been fair. Evidently he
didn’t tell you this woman’s story! It’s
one to make an honest woman’s heart
bleed with sympathy for her. ‘ In-
terested in the mate,’ eh? Cap’n Bill
didn’t happen to mention which mate,
did he?”

  “ What do you mean ? ” she asked.

  There was an expression of guilt in
the captain’s face, and she had been
quick to notice it.

  “ I wasn’t the mate meant,” said
Connor. “ It was Riney, the old
mate, she followed aboard, or thought
she was following him. She is inter-
ested in Riney—and she has the right
to be.”

  “ But a woman of that sort—” she
began again.

  “ A woman that is good and hon-
est, and whom any other woman ought
to help,” he said. “ Why hot ask your
uncle to set you right—to tell you the
story ? I don't blame you for blaming
me if Cap’n ,Bill led you to believe
some things that are not true.”

  She demanded the story, and Cap-
tain Adams told it in a manner that
showed he was somewhat ashamed.

  Norene said nothing as he conclu-
ded, but there was a bit of contempt
in her face as she watched her uncle
descend to the deck and start toward
the cabin to continue his interrupted
sleep.

  But Captain Adams turned, grin-
ning, and called back at her, sending
a parting shot in revenge.

  “ Better get off that bridge, No-
rene, or the mate will have you in
irons! ” he cried.

  Her face grew red, and she started
to descend without looking at Connor.

  “ Miss Adams,” he called softly as
she started, “ I meant what I said.
I’ll bother you no more. I love you—
I meant' that, too. I’ve corrected one
false idea you had of me, but I shall
go no farther. I just wanted you to
know I’m perhaps not as bad’as you
thought, and that Sally Wood was a

decent woman, deserving of kindness
and sympathy. You’re the one woman
I’ve ever looked at a second time—”

  She hesitated, then ran swiftly down
to the deck, as if afraid to hear more.
She did not ask his pardon; did not
by word or look express penitence.

  But that evening in the moonlight
Jack Connor saw her walking the deck
with Sally Wood, and Wild Norene
had her arm around the other wom-
an’s waist.

  He did not know how Wild No-
rene’s pride had suffered that day.

CHAPTER VI.

The Truth Comes Out.

QEVEN days passed, with the steam
schooner Amingo wallowing on
toward the south, and the Mexican
gunboat following, dropping behind
by day, creeping up by night, always
watching, ready for any emergency,
ready to match wit against Captain
Bill Adams’s strategy.

  The pursuing craft had thrown out
her true colors, and now and then by
looking through a glass one could see
the sun reflected from her guns.

  The Amingo now was off the Mexi-
can coast, and Connor knew that the
end of the voyage was near. Times
without number he had passed or met
Norene Adams, but always he had
merely saluted her courteously and
passed on.

  She had grown to be great friends
with Sally Wood, and with Sally
Wood Connor talked a great deal now
and then.

  These conversations were but half
sweet to Sally. She was a woman
who could read the heart of such a
man as Tack Connor. And she read
that she had his respect, but not his
affection; that all that was reserved
for Wild Norene.

  Guerrero, now that they were ap-
proaching the end of the voyage, be-
came nervous and looked continually
over the stern at the pursuing gunboat.
WILD NORENE.

143

He held long conferences with Cap-
tain Adams, at which the skipper re-
peatedly requested him to attend to
his own business; that he had promised
to land the arms and ammunition, and
that they would be landed.

  On a certain afternoon the captain
mounted to the bridge during Con-
nor’s watch and looked long at the
vessel behind.

  “ She hangs on pretty well, doesn’t
she?” Connor said.

  “ I’ll shake her off when I am
ready.”

  “ Do we put into Mazatlan first,
then out again and land the arms, or
do we land the contraband first? ”

  The (faptain whirled upon him.

  “ Who said anything about contra-
band ? ” he demanded.

  “Why pretend with me?” asked
Connor. “ I was just wondering if
we were near the end of the trip.”

  “ You are near the end of your
trip! ” the captain snarled. “ Ready
for the firing party ? ”

  “ I was beginning to believe you’d
changed your plans.”

  “ Well, I haven’t. You insulted
my niece—you’ll pay for it! ”

  “Why not leave it to her?” asked
Connor.

  “ I gave you your chance. You
haven’t tamed.her, have you? And
you’ll never get back to a United
States port to say Cap’n Bill Adams
weakened. You’ll never tell about this
voyage! Maybe I’ve been a bit friend-
ly with you now and then, and maybe
it was because you amused me. But
don’t think I’ve altered my original
program.”

  “ Oh, very well! ”

  “ You take it calmly enough.”

  “ Why not ? ” demanded Connor.
“You’re a man of’your word, aren’t
you?”

  “ I am.”

  “ Very well. You’ve promised to
keep your hands off me during the
voyage. And I’m going to take ad-
vantage of that and tell you just what
I think of you.”

  The captaip sneered in his face.

  “ Go ahead! ”

  “ I’m not going to tell you that
you’re a cruel, masterful terror, be-
cause you’d like that—you’re vain!
I’m going to tell you that you’re an
ordinary, plain fool! ”

   Captain Bill’s fists doubled instantly.
“ Remember your given word! ”
warned Connor. “ You’re ready to
send me to prison or death on some
trumped - up charge because I didn’t
accomplish a task you made impossi-
ble. And I didn’t try. I tell you again
I love Norene. I told you I'd win
her. I still think I’ll do it. But I’ll
not even attempt it now when she will
think I am making the effort merely
to escape punishment from you. I’ve
done nothing to make you seek venge-
ance on me—”

  “Nothing, eh? Calling my girl an
unmentionable woman, saying she was
a fit subject for barroom gossip, de-
claring to the world you could tame
her—nothing? ”

  “ I’ve explained that. I’m sorry I
did it. I know her now, you see. I’d
marry her if she’d have me and go
back and tell every one in Astoria I’d
done it, and beat half to death the
man that dared make a remark about
it, either in a barroom or in a church.
That’s where I stand.

  “ You shanghaied me and made
me mate of your law - breaking craft
against my will. You placed me in a
position where I was subjected to in-
sult. You let Norene believe things
that were not true. You haven’t been
fair. You’re not only a fool, but
you’re a coward!

  “ Strike me now, break your word,
and make yourself out a liar as well!

  “ That’s about all I have to say to
you. I’m your mate until the climax,
Cap’n Bill Adams. But from now on
I fight — you understand ? — I fight
for myself and for Norene! And
you’ll find that a Connor can fight,
curse you! ”

  “ Bah! Fight—and be cursed your-
self!”
144

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

  '* I’m not trying to tame Wild No-
rene, Cap’n Bill! But I’m starting in,
right now, to tame you!”

  For a moment they glared at each
other... For a moment Connor thought
the captain would break his word and
strike.

  But Captain Bill Adams only
laughed evilly, and started to turn
away.

  “ One moment! ” Connor stopped
him. “ I have guessed that you’re
going to try to land that cargo under
the nose of the gunboat that’s been
hanging on like a dog. Have you
stopped to think of the conse-
quences ? ”

  “ I’ll take care of the conse-
quences ! ”

  “ There are women aboard—your
niece and another. There may be a
fight. These women will be in danger.
They’ll be in danger of wounds or
death, and of a Mexican prison and
Mexican jailers. I guess you know
what that means.”

   “ Well ? ”

  “ Land the women first. Run
ahead to Mazatlan and land ’em, then
run out again and land your contra-
band. You can dodge the gunboat to-
night. But don’t put the women in
danger.”

  The captain walked up close to him
again, but Connor did not retreat.

  “ I’ll land that cargo when and
where I please,” he said. “ And you
needn’t fear for the women. You’d
best fear for yourself! ”

  “ Then you’d risk Norene’s life and
happiness for the sake of aiding a
handful of ragged, ignorant fools fight
against their own government—for
the little money the junta pays you ? ”
Connor had raised his voice and his
words carried far. From below came
a snarl of rage, a cry of fright.

  Captain Adams and his mate looked
down—to see Senor Guerrero stand-
ing there talking to Norene.

  Sudden hatred had flamed in the
senor’s eyes.

  “ Ragged, ignorant fools! ” he

cried. “You call them that? They
walk through jungles with naked,
bleeding feet, they die because of ex-
posure and poisonous snakes, they are
shot down like dbgs when found, they
starve, they die of thirst, they let
themselves be strung up and riddled
by bullets—and you call them ragged,
ignorant fools! They fight for what
your country boasts every man has
there—the right to live and be free. .

  “You Americans! Three months
ago I was coming into New York on
a steamer from France. I saw a poor
Italian weep for joy when the saw
your Statue of Liberty. God pity him
—and the thousands like him! ”

  The senor’s words choked in his
throat. It seemed to be genuine emo-
tion depicted in his face.

   “ Ragged, ignorant fools! ” he cried
again. “ And how could we make the
fight without breaking laws? My
government is strong enough to keep
from us that with which to fight. We
can’t fight with the ballot, for that is
denied us. And if we use guns, we
must smuggle them.

  “ Your country—your liberty-lov-
ing country—denies us the right to
buy guns there for shipment. But we
buy them. And if it wasn’t for a few
fearless men like Cap’n Bill Adams,
who isn’t afraid to carry them and
land them, we’d have no chance to
fight at all! ”

   “ Run your guns, curse you! ” cried
Connor, thoroughly angry. “ I’m not
talking of that! I’m talking of ma-
king women run the risk—”

  Too late he remembered that No-
rene was standing there below beside
Senor Guerrero.

   “ What does it mean ? ” she asked
wonderingly. “ Uncle, you told me
you were going to stop along the coast
before we got to Mazatlan, to land
some machinery that was to go back
in the mines.”

   “ I—I know I did, Norene.”

  “ And now—guns! ”

  “ Run on to your cabin, Norene,
and let us talk this thing out.”
WILD NORENE/

145

  “No!” she cried, looking up at
him. “You—you lied to me?”

  “ Now, Norene—”

  “ You lied to me? ”

  “ Don’t you understand, girl ? It
wasn’t necessary for you to know.”

  “ But you’re breaking the law! ”

  “ It isn’t a fair law, girl. Why
should it be against the law to carry
guns and cartridges to people who
want to fight ? ”

  “ Because,” she said, “ unscrupul-
ous men always would be starting
trouble, getting poor downtrodden
men to fight for liberty when really
they would be fighting to help rich
men seize property. The law would
not have stood this long, uncle, unless
it had been a good law. And all
nations would not have adopted it un-
less it was good. You don’t know
what you do.

  “ You’re making it possible for men
to shoot one another, you’re helping
create widows and orphans — and
you’re breaking the law! ”

  “ Liberty cannot be gained except
blood be shed,” said Senor Guerrero.
Norene looked at him in scorn.

  “ I begin to understand,” she said.
“ You have mentioned to me that you
and your friends own oil-fields and
mines, and that you could make more
money if the government favored you
more. You are trying to establish a
government more to your liking, I
suppose.”

  The banner of guilt showed in
Guerrero’s face. Norene’s lips curled
as she looked at him.

  “ But I am speaking to my uncle,”
she went on, looking up at the bridge
again. “ Why have you deceived me,
uncle? ”

  “ It wasn't any of your business,
girl,” he said brutally. “ Women
shouldn’t bother their heads about
business.”

  “ You should have told me. You’d
no right to do such things when I was
oji the schooner, to make me a party
toHhem—”

  Captain Adams’s anger had beet*
     10 a-s c

growing steadily, and now it flamed
forth. That it was directed against
his niece happened because the last
words addressed to him had been
spoken by her.

  “No right!” he exclaimed. “I’ve
been a good uncle, haven't I? I’ve
tried to raise you right. You’ve had
everything money could buy. It cost
more to have you with me instead of
putting you ashore, but I did it be-
cause I wanted to be sure you’d be
protected. I’ve run guns before with
you aboard. You’ve spent a lot of the
money I got for doing it. It’s legiti-
mate, whether the government thinks
so or not. And I’ll continue to do it,
and no Mexican gunboat or headstrong
girl or fresh mate can stop me! ”

  “Protected me!” she cried, half-
shrinking from him because of his
words and manner. “ In return I’ve
given you such love as a daughter
should give a father. And how have
you protected me? This man, Jack
Connor, spoke lightly of Wild Norene
in a barroom—spoke so because of
what he thought I must be, having
been with you. Because you are a
breaker of laws, he assumed I must
be a dishonest woman. Can you blame
him ? By Heaven, I cannot! ” v

  “ Norene! ” There was agony in
the captain's voice.

  “ I cannot, I say. Not knowing me
as he does now, what else could he
think? You were a lawbreaker, I was
your constant companion, nearer to
you than any other human being; I
sailed with you on all your voyages!
What could men think except that I
was a lawbreaker, too, that I knew
what you were doing and agreed with
you in it; that I was lawless—not a
good woman, but a thing to be spoken
of in scorn ? ”

  “ Don’t, girl—you don’t under-
stand—”

  “ I do understand! And I don’t
blame Jack Connor for what he said,
nor for where he said it! You left
me open to the insult—you, my uncle!
I blame you! ”
146

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

  “ Girl—girl! Maybe I made a mis-
take—”

  “ I’ve loved you and trusted you,”
she went on. “ I knew you were a
hard man, and gloried in your reputa-
tion as such, because I thought you ^
were honest and fair. I knew you
were clean compared to other men of
the sea, and I thought—I thought my
Uncle Bill was the soul of honor.

  “ And now you’re breaking the laws
of two nations. A gunboat follows,
watching you as a thief. And behind
you’ve left a nation—your country—
fooled, swindled, because you’ve got-
ten away with a contraband cargo.
You fly the stars and stripes from
the stern—you’re a disgrace to the flag
and the country for which it stands! ”

  “ Norene! ” he begged.

  “ This is my last trip with you,”
she said. “ I cannot prevent you
breaking the law this time, but I’ll
never be with you when you do it
again. I’ll go ashore—I’ll work! I’ll
wait for my uncle to turn honest
before he can claim my friendship
again! ”

  Sobbing, her head bent, she turned
and walked quickly away, to go below
to her cabin, to throw herself in the
berth and burst into a storm of tears.

  They stared after her for a moment
—Guerrero, Captain Bill, Connor.

  Guerrero’s face broke into a grin
that was half a sneer. Anger flamed
in the captain’s, anger more at himself
than at Norene; anger because she had
vindicated, in a way, the thing for
which he was blaming Jack Connor.

  And Jack Connor, meeting the cap-
tain’s eyes, knew that he could expect
no mercy now!

CHAPTER VII.

Prisoners—and Freed!

W/ONDERING how it all would ter-
minate, Jack Connor left the
bridge and went to the cabin to throw
himself in a bunk and try to sleep, for
he felt he would get no sleep that night.

  He realized within a few minutes
that Captain Adams was forcing the
Amingo to her greatest speed. The
attempt to dodge the gunboat had be-
gun.

  Had he been on deck, watching, he
would have seen a peculiar thing, for
Captain Bill called the members of the
crew to him on the bridge, one by one,
and to them imparted certain informa-
tion. These men, for the greater part,
had sailed with Adams for some time,
had played parts in his evasions of the
law, and were ready to do his bidding.

  Others, newer on the Amingo, could
be trusted by the skipper, since they
had been vouched for by tried and
trusted men. Only one man failed to
get the summons to the bridge and a
message from the captain; he was Mor-
gan, Jack Connor’s friend.

  Morgan’s guarded inquiries as to
what was up were met by sneers from
the others, and one man told him to
his face to attend to his own business.
Morgan asked no more questions, but
decided to mention the matter to Con-
nor when next he saw the mate.

  Guerrero was on the bridge during
these conversations and heard them
all. One by one, the men were in-
formed that that night cargo was to be
landed. Grinning, they nodded that
they understood.

  But the remainder of the captain’s
message puzzled them. He would not
be on deck, possibly, during the unload-
ing, and they were to take orders only
from Senor Guerrero in case their cap-
tain was absent.

  If Connor attempted to take com-
mand, they were to ignore him. If he
made himself obnoxious, they were to
tie him to the mast and proceed with
their work?

  It was peculiar instructions, but the
men did not question. They knew Cap-
tain Bill had peculiar ways.

  As far as the mate was concerned,
they knew there was bad blood between
him and the captain. They had missed
nothing during the voyage; they had
witnessed clashes between Norene and
WILD NORENE.

147

the mate, and between Captain Bill and
Connor.

  One other instruction they received,
too: if the gunboat overhauled the
Amingo and her officers asked ques-
tions, the men were to swear that
whatever Captain Bill said was the
truth. They understood that—many
of them had sworn to lies before for
Captain Bill.

  The Amingo began to gain on the
gunboat. The latter did not realize it
until night began falling and she at-
tempted to creep nearer, as she had
done on previous nights.

  She found she could not; the Amingo
held her distance.

  Then the gunboat put forth her
greatest speed, Garza, her commander,
realizing that the clash was near at
hand. At any time after dark he
knew, the Amingo might turn toward
the shore and soon get within Mexican
waters.

  Night came. Captain Bill still paced
the bridge. Hatches were opened and
huge packing cases were put on deck—•
cases supposed to contain mining ma-
chinery; and they might have, as far
as their weight was concerned.

  The men worked swiftly, silently,
like men. used to such labor. Senor
Guerrero was among them, more
nervous than ever, continually rubbing
his hands together, his eyes sparkling
with excitement. It was pitch-dark,
and the lights of the pursuing gunboat
could not be seen.

  An hour or two passed, and the nose
of the Amingo was turned toward the
distant Mexican shore.

  In the cabin below Jack Connor slept.
In an adjoining cabin Wild Norene lay
in a berth, her tempest of tears at an
end. and Sally Wood sat beside her,
bathing the girl’s swollen face and tell-
ing her of Jack Connor.

  “ I heard it all—that night,” she was
saying. “ I’ve known Jack Connor for
some time. He never looks at a
woman. And I knew by the way he
acted that night that he never would
look at a woman unless that woman
I

was you. I could read him like a book.
You should have seen him hurl the men
away and prohibit them mentioning the
girl he had met on Commercial Street,
even though they did not say your
name.

  “ He didn’t know your name then.
If he had he’d never have spoken of
Wild Norene as he did a short time
later.”

  “ I know—I know,” Norene said.
" He wasn’t speaking of me; he was
speaking of the girl he thought I must
be.”

  “ And he—he loves you, I am sure,”
said Sally Wood.

  She looked away as she said it, and
there was an expression of pain in her
face.

  “ I know he is clean and honest,”
she went on.

  “ You must be in love with him
yourself,” Norene muttered.

  Sally hesitated before she an-
swered.

  “ But he’s never looked at me twice
—with any interest,” she said. “ He—
he feels sorry for me, I suppose. I
have a share in his sympathy and per-
haps his pity, but not in his love.”

  Norene thought it best to change the
subject.

  “ Do you suppose you’ll ever meet
the other — Rineji? ” she asked.
“ What are you going to do if you
meet him ? ”

  “ I don’t know,” Sally answered.
“ I’ve had thoughts of revenge for
years, but I never decided how I’d take
it. I’ve thought I’d find a way when
I found him. We never know what
we’ll do, do we, when we meet the per-
son we’ve hated for years ? ”

  “ He may be on Garza’s boat,” sug-
gested Norene.

  “ In that case I hope I’ll not meet
him just now, for that would mean dan-
ger for you and your uncle.”

  Norene got up from the berth and
walked across to the port-hole, to stare
out at the blackness of the night.

  Her uncle! There’d be another
scene with him, she knew. And she
148

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

was firm in her decision to leave the>
Amingo as soon as the vessel was in a
United States port again. She had
meant it when she said she would not
sail with her uncle again until he
turned honest.

  The Amingo was steaming toward
the coast without lights. On the
bridge Captain Bill Adams searched
the horizon with his night - glass, try-
ing to locate the gunboat, wondering
whether she had gone on south, past
the place where the Amingo had turned
her nose toward the shore.

  And then from a masthead Captain
Bill caused two red lights to be dis-
played for an instant, then extin-
guished, then displayed again. Guer-
rero stood beside him, and they
watched in the direction of the coast.

  Another hour passed, the lights
winking their signal now and then, and
finally the answer came—two green
lights that blinked ahead in the dark-
ness.

  Captain Bill rang for half speed, and
for a few minutes there was an ex-
change of signals between the vessel
and the shore.

  “ I want the gunboat to come up just
after the cargo is landed and you are
safe, ashore,” Captain Bill told Guer-
rero.

  “ It is a risky business, seiior.”

  “ We’ll carry it off, all right. You
remember your instructions.”

  “ Everything shall be done as you
wish, seiior

  “ We’ll go below in a moment,
then.”

  The red lights had disappeared from
the masthead; on the distant shore one
green light blinked as a signal and a
guide.

  The Amingo crept nearer and near-
er, then stopped, and the anchor was
let go.

  Captain Adams and Guerrero de-
scended to the deck. A few whispered
orders, to the men and a boat went over
the side, and the crew began letting
down the first heavy packing-case.

  The stopping of the vessel had awa-

kened Connor, and he left his cabin, to
meet Captain Adams and Guerrero at
the head of the companionway.

  “ You’d better stay in the cabin,” the
captain told him with a grin. “ But
you can go on deck if you wish.”

  “ I beg your pardon, sir. Is the deck
to be left without an officer? ”

  “ Go on deck, by all means, if you
think an officer necessary,” the captain
retorted, grinning again, then walked
to his cabin, with Guerrero following
close behind him.

  Connor sprang to the deck and
looked about him. He saw that a boat
had been lowered, and that a heavy
packing-case was being let down.

  He searched the sea, but did not see
the lights of any craft; nothing to in-
dicate the presence of the gunboat.

  “ What are you doing here ? ” he
demanded of the men near the boat.

  “ Cap’n’s orders, sir.”

  “Just what are the cap’n’s orders? ”
he demanded.

  The man did not answer, but turned
to grasp a line. Connor gripped him
by the shoulder and whirled him
around.

  “Answer me, you scum, and be civil
about it! ” he roared.

  By way of reply the man struck;
the blow grazed Connor’s shoulder.

  “You would, would you? You’d
strike an officer, would you ? ”

  As he spoke one fist shot out and
the sailor struck the deck like a dead
man. But Connor found others upon
him. They grasped his arms, tried to
trip him, rained blows upon his head
and face and breast.

  Morgan sprang across the deck to
the mate’s assistance. In an instant
he, too, had been conquered.

  Both were carried to a mast, and
lashings appeared as if by magic.
Kicking, trying to strike, struggling
to be free did not avail. The crew left
their work at the boat to help.

  A moment—and Connor and Mor-
gan were lashed securely to the mast,
so that they could move neither hand
nor foot.
WILD NORENE.

149

  “ Cap’n’s orders,” grinned one of
the men as they started back across the
deck.

   “ You’ll suffer for this, you dogs! ”
Connor cried.

  They gave him no reply; they hur-
ried back to the boat and began low-
ering away another packing - case.
They worked by only one dim light
that was shielded so there would be
no reflection in the distance of the
open sea. They talked in whispers.

  Connor and Morgan struggled at
their bonds, but the sailors had done
their work well and escape was im-
possible.	*\

  “ They're landin’ th’ contraband,”
Morgan whispered.

  “ Yes.”

  “ Do you suppose it was cap’n’s or-
ders? ”

  “ Yes.”

  “ But he hasn’t come back on deck;
there ain’t anybody to boss the men.”
“ They don’t need a boss,” snorted
Connor. “ They’ve got their orders,
and they’ve done this work before.”
Then he saw Guerrero, who had
come slowly across the deck and was
standing before them.

  “ We are sending the playthings to
the ragged, ignorant fools,” Guerrero
said. “ And you, my friend, will soon
be one of those men who tell no tales.”
He turned and walked toward the
men working at the packing-cases.

  “ Lively, men! ” he called. “ You’ll
be remembered with something extra
apiece if we come out all right.”

   “ Aye, aye, sir! ” replied the men in
chorus.

  “ Easy with that case, there! Those
lines need more grease; they are ma-
king a devil of a noise! ”

  “ Cap’n’s orders,” muttered Connor
to Morgan. “ You notice, don’t you,
who’s commanding the ship ? ”

  “ But where’s th’ cap’n ? ” Morgan
demanded. “Why isn’t he on deck?
I’d think he’d want to boss this job
himself, with a gunboat liable to poke
her nose at us out of th’ dark any min-
ute. You don’t suppose Guerrero has

done for th’ cap’n, do you? You don’t
suppose th’ men have mutinied and
turned to Guerrero ? ”

   “ I do not,” replied Connor. “ I have
an idea we’ll see the captain presently,
and I’ve an idea that he’s playing
some sort of a game.”

  Then there was silence for a time,
save for the creaking of the lines and
the scraping of the cases as they were
lowered against the side, and low
oaths of men who smashed fingers or
cut hands, and the soft-spoken orders
of Senor Guerrero.

  From the dark behind them after a
time came a whisper:

  “ Don’t speak! Don’t attract their
attention! ” /

  Connor felt his bonds give and knew
a knife had slashed them. Another
slash of a knife, and he was free.
Morgan, too, was being favored, and
without making noise they turned
slowly and peered around the mast at
their deliverer.

  It was Wild Norene!

CHAPTER VIII.

Caught!

THERE had been a peculiar scene
enacted in the captain’s cabin.
Entering it with Senor Guerrero, Cap-
tain Bill Adams had closed the door
behind them, locked it, and draped a
towel over a crack in it, through which
the light filtered.

  “Well?” the captain asked then,
smiling.

  They sat down at the table opposite
each other.

  “You think there’s no danger?”
Guerrero asked.

  “ None for you, senor; the cargo
will be put ashore and you will go
with it. Everything seems to be in
proper order. As for the cargo itself
— you sjiipped it from Portland to
the lumber-camp in boxes labeled ma-
chinery, and we picked it up as we
dropped down the Columbia to As-
toria,
150

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

  “ As far as I know, I am carrying-
for you certain machinery. If you de-
sire to have it landed at this spot on
the coast, well and good—you know
your own business.”

  The captain grinned and puffed at
his cigar. Senor Guerrero, grinning
also, arose and turned his back, lifted
up his vest, parted his shirt, and so
reached the opening of a money-belt
he wore next his skin. From this he
took folded bills.

  He turned to the captain again and
counted out a certain sum. The cap-
tain counted the bills in his turn.

  “ Correct,” he said. " One moment,
please.”

  Behind a panel in the wall of the
cabin the captain had a strong safe.
He opened this now, put the money
in it, and twirled the combination
knob again. Guerrero was half - way
to the door when he turned.

  “ A moment, senor,” said the cap-
tain. “ I wish you to do me a favor.”
“ Certainly.”

  Captain Adams took a coil of rope
from a comer and advanced to the
middle of the cabin.

  “ The men already are moving your
cargo, and have been told to obey your
orders in the matter. I’ll not go on
deck again at present. Senor Guer-
rero, you will kindly take this rope,,
bind me securely, and place me in my
bunk; then tie me in so that I cannot
move.”

  “ I beg your pardon ? ”

  “ I have a reason for this unusual
request, believe me. You’ll get your
cargo ashore before the gunboat
comes — if it comes afterward and
finds me I do not care. I have a little
game of my own to play.”

  “ It is a great risk, captain.”

  “ Which I alone am taking. You’ll
do as I ask ? ”

  Guerrero complied. He bound the
captain securely, except that one hand
was left free, and in it Captain Bill
held a revolver, so that when he was
placed in the bunk he could cover any
one who entered the cabin. The cap-

tain was chuckling at the look of
amazement on Guerrero’s face as the
senor finished the task.

  “ Now go on deck, senor,” he di-
rected, “ and see that all your cargo
is landed properly. After the last
load send the men back to the schoon-
er, and we’ll consider that we’ve said
farewell. If you need me again you
know how to find me.”

  “ Si, senor! Adios! ”

  “ Adios! ”

  Guerrero unlocked the door and
went out, to close it after him as the
captain had directed, and hurry back
to the deck.

  Norene, with Sally Wood in the ad-
joining cabin, knew that the vessel had
stopped and that the cargo was being
unloaded. She knew Captain Bill had
entered his cabin with Guerrero, and
when she saw Guerrero go back to
the deck and leave the captain alone
she determined on an interview with
her uncle. She opened the door of his
cabin and entered, to stand aghast at
what she saw.

   “ Uncle Bill! ” she exclaimed, start-
ing forward. “ Who has done this ? ”
“ Stay where you are! ” he com-
manded.

  “ I was going to unbind you.”

   *	I don’t want it! ”

  “ What can you mean ? ” she asked.
She stepped toward him, wonder-
ment in her face.

  Captain Adams laughed at her ap-
pearance.

  “ Go back to your cabin,” he or-
dered. “ Remain there, too! This is
not your affair.”

  “ You—you are unloading the cargo
—the contraband ? ” she asked.

  “ We are—if you want to know.”

  “ But you—the captain—tied here
at such a time! And the gunboat—■”
“ This is a little scheme,” said Cap-
tain Adams, “ to get square with the
man who called you an unmentionable
woman and said he could tame you.”
He thought his words would touch
her, and they did, but not in the way
he imagined.
WILD NORENE.

151

  For Norene had been thinking the
past hour.

  “ I have told you,” she said, “ that
I blame you for that more than I
blame him.”

  “Girl!”

  “I do! And now you are breaking
the law again at this minute, and in
addition placing me in a position
where I may be insulted by the officer
of a Mexican gunboat.”

  “ So you’re taking the part of the
man who insulted you against your
own uncle, are you ? ” the captain de-
manded.

  “ I am taking nobody’s part—but I
am not blaming a man who should not
be blamed.”

   Anger flared in the captain’s face.
“Let me tell you this!” he ex-
claimed. “ If you want to overlook
what this man said, you may. I’ll not.
He insulted me, too. He. called me
blackbirder, smuggler—”

  “And haven’t you been?”

  The girl’s retort increased the cap-
tain’s anger. Had he been free at the
moment he might have struck her.

  For an instant he half choked with
rage, then he looked up at her and
snarled. -

   “ If I’ve got to tame you, girl, I’ll
do it after this business is over,” he
said. “ But I’ll fix Mr. Jack Connor
first. Want to know why I had,Guer-
rero tie me up like this, eh? Because
about the time the cargo is landecl and
safe over the first hill the gunboat will
put in an appearance. The schooner ’11
be seized. And I’ll have a story to
tell.”

  “ What do you mean ? ” she asked
with quick suspicion.

  “ I’ll be found bound and helpless.
I’ll explain how Jack Connor shipped
machinery with me to be landed here
—mining machinery. I’ll say that
just before we sailed I lost my other
mate and signed on this Jack Connor,
who told me he’d go on as far as Ma-
zatlan in that capacity, then return to
his mines; that he engaged to do this
because he was in a hurry to get the

machinery through and I couldn’t find
another good mate in a hurry.”
“Well?”.

  “ And I’ll say that just before we
got to this cove he admitted to me that
the cargo wasn’t mining machinery,
but arms and ammunition for the rev-
olutionists; that I rebuked him and
said I’d go on to Mazatlan, hand him
over to the authorities and give them
the contraband cargo.

  “ He bound me here, left me help-
less, took the bridge, brought the ship
to anchor, and ordered the men to dis-
charge cargo. They did it because I
wasn’t on deck, and he was the mate,
and of course they’d obey his orders.
Understand, girl?

  “ I’ll be released and we’ll sail on
with the Amingo—and the man who
slandered you and insulted me will be
shot by a firing squad. The cargo will
be landed, and I’ll have kept my word
with Guerrero. I win—-and Connor
loses. I said I’d do it, and I’ll keep
my word.”

  “ Oh! ” she gasped. “ You’d do
that? You’d send him to his death—
and for nothing? You’d blame him
for the crime you are committing?”

  “ I said I’d do it, and I keep my
word. No man can call me a black-
birder and get away with it! If you
want to overlook his insult to you, the
more shame to you; but I’ll not over-
look his insult to me! ”

  “ You’d not dare! ”

  The captain laughed unpleasantly.

  “ I promised I'd let him off, of
course, if he tamed you before we got
the cargo landed. If he’d made you
love him, agree to marry him. But
it’s too late for that now. It’ll not do
any good to say you love him just to
save him. If you’re willing to admit
before all the crew that this man has
tamed you—if you’ll admit he insult-
ed you and you loved him for it—”
The captain laughed raucously again.
Sudden fire flashed in the eyes of
Wild Norene. A swift movement for-
ward and she had wrenched the re-
volver from his grasp—and Captain
152

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

Bill Adams, outwitted for the first
time in his life, found himself bound
and helpless in his bunk, scarcely able
to move, his subterfuge turned against
him.

  “ What are you going to do? ” he
cried, a feeling of dread in him.

  “ I’m going to play fair! ” she an-
swered. “ I’m going to save the man
you’d send to death. And I’m going
to stop this unlawful act. I’ll see that
the men stop unloading that cargo;
that the Amingo runs out to sea
again—”

  “ Girl!”

   “ If I must fight you, uncle, I’ll fight
well! I’m Wild Norene, you know.
You’ve often boasted no man could
outwit me, that in an emergency
aboard ship I was worth any six of
the crew and any two officers. Well,
I’ll try to live up to your boasting! ”

  “ You dare—”

  “ It is my wits against yours,” she
reminded him. “ You are helpless,
but it is your own doing. I didn’t
bind you and tie you in your bunk.
Your little trick has proved a boom-
erang.

  “ Swear—nobody will pay atten-
tion. Call—the men will not answer,
for they’re busy. I’m fighting you
with your own sort of weapons, but
I’m fighting for the right and you’re
fighting for the wrong! ”

  His curses ringing in her ears, she
sped from the cabin and hurried to her
own. A moment, and she had ex-
plained to Sally Wood, and Sally fol-
lowed her to the deck.

  The men were loading the first boat
—Guerrero was commanding them.
Connor and Morgan were lashed to the
mast and helpless.

  Sally remained in the shadow, and
Norene sped across the deck, and with
her knife slashed the ropes that bound
the mate and his friend. There was
not time to explain, and Norene spoke
but few words.

  “ We must stop them, and get the
ship away from the coast! There is
danger—”

  Already she was speeding across the
deck, with Connor and Morgan at her
heels. Sally Wood remained where
she had been standing, watching the
scene in the dim light of the one lan-
tern that burned.

  Norene stepped within the circle of
light just as the last case for the first
boatload was being lowered. A pretty
picture she made, her eyes flashing,
her hair blowing in the wind, a look
of grim determination on her face, the
revolver gripped in her hand.

  “ Stop! ” she commanded, and as one
man the members of the crew turned
to look at her. “ Bring that case on
deck again—all of them! Hurry!
Get up the anchor and put straight out
to sea! ”

  Connor stood beside her.

   “ Lively, men! ” he cried.

  He had not forgotten how they had
handled him a short time before. His
fists were clenched and the look in
his eyes promised ill for the one who
hesitated.

  “ Up with that case! ”

  “ We’re not takin’ orders from
you! ” one of the men growled.

  Connor sprang forward, and that
man struck the deck felled by a single
blow. Guerrero, who had stood to one
side astonished, seemed to come to
life.

  “ Throttle him! ” he shrieked.
“ Lash him to that mast again! ”

  The men sprang to obey. The cap-
tain had told them to obey Guerrero
and disregard the mate.

  But Norene stepped before Connor,
and the weapon in her hand covered
them.

  “ Do as I commanded! ” she or-
dered.

  “My dear young lady!” It was
Guerrero speaking. “ There must be
some mistake. This work must not
be delayed—for there is danger. It
must be done as swiftly as possible.”

  “ There is no mistake! ” she said.
“You men—do as I ordered! ”

  One of them stepped forward and
touched his forehead.
WILD NORENE.

153

  “ Cap’n’s orders, miss, under favor,
that we unload cargo and take orders
from Senor Guerrero.”

  “ The captain’s orders have been
changed! ” she said.

  “ If th’ cap’n—”

  “ The captain is ill, cannot come on
deck.”

  Guerrero cursed and stepped to-
ward her.

  “ Enough of this nonsense! ” he
cried. “To your work, men! You
know the skipper’s orders.”

  “ They’ve been changed! ” Norene
said again.

   “ I’ll see! ”

  Guerrero turned to start to the
cabin. The revolver in the hands of
Wild Norene covered him.

  “ You’ll stay here! ” she said.

  Guerrero, his face purple with rage,
turned toward her threateningly. But
he did not speak to her—he faced the
men.

  “ Do as I ordered! ” he commanded.
“ Hurry with that cargo! Do you
want that gunboat down on you
—want to go to a Mexican prison,
want to be stood against a wall and
shot ? ”

  The men began to murmur. They
could not understand the situation.

  Connor sensed the clash in author-
ity, and he didn’t trust the men. He
stepped into the circle of light again.

  “ Back with that case! ” he ordered.

  “ We ain’t takin’ orders from you—
cap’n told us not to obey you! ”

  Again Norene stepped before him
and with her weapon threatened the
crew.

  “You men know me!” she said.
“If you’ll not obey the mate because
of the cap’n’s orders, you’ll obey me! ”

  The weapon spit fire; a bullet
crashed into the deck at the feet of
the foremost man.

  Guerrero had been watching for his
chance; now he sprang upon her in an
attempt to wrest the revolver from her
hand.

  But Guerrero did not know Wild
Norene. A quick step she gave to one

side, and the butt of the heavy
weapon struck the senor behind the
ear and felled him.

  “ Bring back those cases now! ” she
commanded again, and the men turned
to obey.

  And out of the blackness that hung
over the sea came a tiny finger of
light that flashed toward the shore,
broadened, and finally bathed the deck
of the Amingo in its glory, making it
as light as if the sunshine had played
there.

  Like statues they stood, those on
the Amingo’s deck—statues whose
faces expressed fear and horror and
anger and hopelessness—while the
search-light revealed to all their
guilt.

A crash out there in the night, a
flash * of vivid flame, and a shell
shrieked over the Amingo’s bow and
rushed on toward the shore!

  The gunboat had arrived!

       CHAPTER IX.
       What Riney Did.

7T MOMENT they stood, while the
gunboat crept nearer, and in the
silence they could hear the slow beat-
ing of her screws, the creaking of
davits as boats were prepared to be
lowered away.

  That pitiless light revealed every-
thing on the Amingo’s deck. A dash
below, an attempt to get arms, a move-
ment even might call forth a shell that
would crash into the vessel or the rig-
ging or scatter death among those on
deck.

  Senor Guerrero's face was white as
chalk, and his teeth chattered. None
knew better than he what capture
meant—that there would be no red
tape about the matter.

 A trip to the shore—a squad—
flashes of fire—then the hereafter.

  The search-light and the whining
shell had struck fear to the hearts of
the men. Instinctively one of them
put up his hands, as if he had been
154

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

covered with a revolver. Others
trembled, some showed acute nervous-
ness, some growled angrily.

  Sally Wood was behind a mast,
where the light did not strike her.
Wild Norene, still clutching the re-
volver, turned and faced the glare of
the light. Her face expressed no fear,
only patient resignation.

  Two men had been below in the
small boat, and now they came scram-
bling to the deck to join their fellows.

  “ We’ll be shot—shot! ” one of
them was mumbling.

  “ Shot by greasers! ”

  The search-light had startled Jack
Connor, too. For a moment he had
stood silent, a tumult of thoughts in
his mind. He, too, knew what it
meant.

  Then he thought of Norene.and of
Sally Wood. He knew how the men
regarded Norene. They would hold
her equally to blame with her uncle.

  For Norene it probably meant
prison or death or worse. No cour-
tesy would be shown her, no respect.

  Connor looked at her where she
stood gazing into the face of the light.
Love for her swelled his heart. -

  This was the time to make the fight,
he decided; even if she detested him,
that did not prohibit him making a
fight for her sake. True love, even
when hopeless, calls forth sacrifice.

  Now they could hear oars creaking.
.The boats from the gunboat were
coming. In a moment men from her
would be swarming over the deck of
the Amingo, taking prisoners.

  And that search-light held them in
thrall, and behind it, Connor knew,
were big guns ready for firing when
an officer gave the word.

  Yet it would do no good to stand
and wait for capture and what cap-
ture meant. A fight seemed hopeless,
but a fight would relieve the tension.

  And always, even in the most hope-
less fight, there is the slim chance
that the god of battle may prove
capricious. ,

  “Arms! Where are they?” Con-

nor asked in a hoarse whisper, with-
out making a move.

  One of the men answered him in a
similar manner.

  “ We all have ’em—in th’ fore-
castle, sir! And th’ cap’n has some!
If th’ cap’n was here—”

  ■	“ Pay attention! ” Connor said.
“ When I give the word, rush for the
forecastle and arm yourselves. Miss
Adams, you go to the companionway;
you’d best go below and take Sally
Wood with you. You, Guerrero, may
do as you blamed please! ”

  They waited; the boats from the
gunboat came nearer.

  “Now!” Cojinor shouted.

  His shout seemed to rouse them.
With cries and curses the men dashed
across the deck, some of them shield-
ing their faces from the strong light,
many of them expecting to hear the
crash of a shell.

  Norene darted to the companion-
way, dragging Sally Wood with her.
Connor and Morgan ran with the men.
They gained the forecastle, and re-
volvers and knives were torn from
bunks and from the wall.

  It flashed over Connor again that
this was to be a hopeless combat.
Even if they overcame the boarding
party, there was the gunboat ready to
sink them. And the Amingo was
anchored.

  But the men were frenzied now.
Prison or execution stared them in the
face, and they were the sort who’d
rather die fighting.

  Out on the deck again they grouped
near the bowsprit, holding their
weapons ready, trying to keep in the
shadows as much as possible.

  “ Wait until they’re on deck, then
mix!” Connor was shouting. “The
gunboat won’t dare fire then, for fear
of hitting her own men!”

  The small boats reached the
Amingo’s side. On the gunboat a
bugle was blowing a signal, and some
officer was trying to megaphone a
warning to the boarding party.

  Then they came over the side, in two
WILD NORENE.

155

places, a swarm of some thirty men,
two officers fn command. Garza him-
self was there, intent on taking the
filibuster and Guerrero.

  And Connor saw that Riney was
with him.

  Riney had a score to settle with
Captain Bill Adams—he had a score
to settle with Connor for that beating
in the Astoria resort.

  A chorus of yells and shrieks, a
volley of shot, a fusillade from the
gunboat’s men, and then they were at
it hand-to-hand on the deck, in the
glaring illumination of the search-light.

  The men of the Amingo were fight-
ing for liberty and life; the men from
the gunboat were urged on by their
officers.

  Connor found himself in the thick
of it, with faithful Morgan at his side
fighting like a wild man with his knife.
Revolvers cracked in their ears, ex-
ploding powder burned their faces.

  Senor Guerrero already was a pris-
oner, for Garza had attended to him
first.

  Amidships they fought, but the men
from the gunboat, by the weight of
their superior numbers, were driving
the Amingo’s men aft.

  Connor saw Morgan slip and fall,
but he was up in an instant. But some
of the Mexicans were between them
now, and the friends were denied the
advantage of fighting back to back.

  A bellow of rage assailed Connor’s
ears—and he faced Riney.

  “Now, my fine buck!” Riney
shouted, and followed it with a volley
of curses.

  It was a hand-to-hand conflict.
Connor’s revolver was empty; he had
but a knife. Riney had a revolver at
his hip, but he fought with a knife,
too, for he was handy with the
weapon, and he was a man who liked
to see his foe’s blood.

  They clashed, parted, clashed again,
now slipping on the slippery deck, now
fighting toward one rail and now to-
ward the other, but always going aft.

  Connor found he had no mean an-

tagonist—he knew he was fighting for
his life.

   Riney’s knife found his side, but the
wound was not deep. In turn he
ripped the man's forearm. Save for
them, the battle was at an end, and
the men of the Amingo had been
vanquished.

  Some of the Mexicans rushed to-
ward them.

  “ Back! This is my fight! ” Riney
roared at them.

  Garza ordered them back. Riney
had stipulated that he was to have a
chance at Connor alone. He knew
Connor had been shanghaied by Cap-
tain Adams, and that was why he had
sailed with the gunboat.

   Riney was the sort that doesn’t for-
give a beating.

  Again they clashed, fought around
and around, both tiring. Connor called
forth his last ounce of strength and
forced his foe. Again he felt the knife
bite into his side. Again he drew
blood on his adversary.

  Then a lucky stroke came for him.
and Riney’s knife flew from his hand
and over the side.

  Connor, too weak to follow up his
advantage, too generous to take the
advantage of an unarmed antagonist,
perhaps, staggered backward, gasping
for breath.

  But Riney, with a cry of rage,
sprang backward, too. His hand dived
at his hip; came up holding the
revolver.

  “ Now, curse you! ”

  Two screams rang in Connor’s ears
—for behind him, at the mouth of
the companionway, Norene and Sally
Wood had been watching the combat.

  A rush across the deck, a body be-
fore his own— The crack of Riney’s
weapon, and a scream of pain as its
hot messenger struck home. Cries of
horror from more than one throat.

  On the deck at Connor’s feet a
stricken human being who had saved
him.

  It was not Wild Norene Adams,
for, though she had rushed forward,
156

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

another had been before her. It was)
Sally Wood.

  The men were still. Riney, still
cursing, walked forward to look at his
work.

  “ Some fool woman! ” he muttered.

  Connor had knelt beside her and
was trying to lift her. Norene stood
beside him, and the wild girl of the
sea had tears in her eyes. Sally
Wood’s eyes had opened; she looked
up at Connor and smiled.

  Then she looked at Riney, standing
less than six feet away, the smoking
revolver still in his hand.

  “ I’ve—found—you! ” she gasped.
“ And this—is my—revenge! Per-
haps you’ll think—of me—the next
time you plan to desert a woman and
child—or rob—an old man.”

  The man was staring at her. His
revolver dropped to the deck. A look
of horror came into his face.

  “ You left me—to starve,” she
whispered. “ Left me—your wife—*
and your baby, too. And you took
every cent my father had—my old
father—who suffered from hunger be-
fore he died—because of what you
did. I’ve always said I’d find you—
and have my revenge. And this—is
my revenge! W if e-murderer! ”

  She screamed the last words at him,
and the man staggered backward, hold-
ing his hands before his face.

  The Mexicans, realizing the drama
they were seeing enacted, stood like
statues, and regarded Riney with
scorn and sudden hatred.

  Sally Wood looked up at Jack Con-
nor again, and tried to smile.

  “ Jack,” she said, so low that he
could scarcely hear. “ I think—I
loved you—a little. But there is—
Norene—”

  And with that she died.

  Norene was sobbing as Connor got
slowly to his feet and looked at Riney.
The expression in the mate’s face was
not pretty to see.

  “Give the cur a knife!” Connor
cried to Garza. “ Let the wife-mur-
derer stand before me again! ”

  But Garza knew a better way.

  “ The man had committed a mur-
der, and we are in Mexican waters,”
he said. He stepped up and clapped
a hand on Riney’s shoulder.

  “ Irons, here! ” he commanded, and
two of his men stepped forward and
obeyed.

CHAPTER X.

When Death Is Faced.

JHE gunboat was sending a shower
of shells toward the shore, where
the revolutionists had been awaiting
the landing of the cargo.

  On the Amingo’s deck another scene
was being enacted. The cases that had
been lowered to the small boat were
on deck again, guarded by the Mexi-
cans—Captain Bill Adams had been
“ caught with the goods.”

  They had searched the cabins and
had found Captain Bill bound and
helpless in his bunk, cursing at the top
'of his voice in an effort to attract at-
tention.

  This had puzzled Garza, and now
all of them were on deck, and he was
trying to work out a solution to the
puzzle. Guerrero and Riney had been
sent to the gunboat as prisoners. Sally
Woods’s body had been carried to one
side and covered.

  Captain Adams, Connor, Wild No-
rene and the men of the xcrew stood
under guard, awaiting the pleasure of
the Mexican officer.

" “ I’ll make him suffer for it! ” Cap-
tain Bill was shouting. “ Mutiny on
the high seas! Make me a lawbreaker,
will he?”

  “ Calm yourself, Captain Adams,
and let us get at the straight of it,”
Garza ordered.

  The captain sputtered a bit, as if
in rage, and then complied, darting
glances of venom at Connor, mean-
while.

  “ I can see now it’s all a put-up
job!” he said. “In the first place,
I’ll admit I’ve run guns before, but
WILD NORENE.

157

never into Mexico. Only into little
two-by-four countries of Central
America. I stopped that sort of busi-
ness some years ago; I’m an honest
skipper handling lumber principally.

  “ I was loading lumber in Portland
when I was approached by a member
of the junta. He said his name was*
Gonzales — that’s Spanish for Smith,
I guess. He made his little proposi-
tion, without saying exactly where the
stuff was to be landed, and I turned
him down flat—told him I was done
with that sort of thing.”

  Garza grinned.

  “ I’m telling the truth, as you’ll
soon have reason to believe. I went
on loading lumber at Portland. This
man, Jack Connor by name, came to
me one day and said he understood I
was going to carry lumber to Mazat-
lan. He said he was a sailorman, but
had come into a bit of money and was
buying an interest in a Mexican mine.

  “ He had some machinery he want-
ed to ship. Part of it was in a lumber
camp on the Columbia, he said. Would
I carry it for him, and land it here—
at this place?

  “ I told him yes. Everything seemed
all right, and we stopped on our way
down the river to Astoria and took his
stuff aboard. My papers are all right,
and the packing-cases look like ma-
chinery to me.

  “ I went on to Astoria and tied up,
to sail a couple of days later after I’d
taken on some supplies. There I met
Guerrero. He wanted passage to Ma-
zatlan, and I told him I didn’t carry
passengers. He offered me big money,
because he said he was in a hurry and
didn’t want to go to Frisco and wait
for a regular steamer. I agreed to
take him.

  “ I can see now how they worked it,
and how they made it look. Guerrero
hung around me, and I suppose you
spotted him and thought I was carry-
ing contraband. My old mate, that
fellow Riney, had a grudge against me,
but I kept him because he was a good
man.

  “ One day in Astoria, Guerrero told
me my mate wasn’t honest. I asked
what he meant. He said you were in
Astoria trying to lease a small ship for
your government; that you were the
whole thing in Mazatlan and were a
dirty grafter. He said Riney was to
meet you, and the two of you were to
work up some scheme to libel the
Amingo at Mazatlan, and Riney was
to have a share of the graft.

  “ I think he said the idea was to con-
fiscate the schooner and divide the
money you would have paid out if
you’d bought a ship.

  “ Wait a moment now before you
smile like that. I went to the resort
with Guerrero where Riney was to
meet you. You began talking, and be-
fore you’d got down to bedrock this
man Jack Connor pitched into Riney
for some reason and beat him up. Ri-
ney saw me watching him, and I think
he guessed I was on to him, for he
sneaked away.

  “ Then this man Connor told me he
would act as my mate until we got to.
Mazatlan, then run back to this, cove
on some little boat. I was to deduct
regular mate’s wages from what I
charged him for handling his machin-
ery. I was anxious to sail, and I took
him up.”

  “ Well?”

  “ Let me get this straight now,” said
the captain. “ Riney’s wife was a
stowaway, came aboard expecting to
find him and make things hot for him
•—so that explains her presence.

  “ We turned in toward the cove last
night, and I went down to the cabin
with Connor for him to pay me for
hauling his stuff. That was the ar-
rangement. He was to go on to Ma-
zatlan, though, then come back. I
wanted my freight money before that
cargo was put ashore, of course.

  “ When we got to the cabin and I
was looking for my papers, he knocked
me down, bound me, and tied me in my
bunk. Then he came on deck and
brought the schooner here to anchor,
and began getting the cargo overside.
158

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

He boasted to me when he tied me,
that the cargo was arms and ammu-
nition; that he was getting a pretty
penny for running it in, and that I had
been fooled and was getting just ordi-
nary freight rates.

  “ The men obeyed him, of course,
for he was the mate, and they didn’t
ask questions because I didn’t come on
deck. Then the gunboat came, and
you had the row. Connor led the
fighting, didn’t he? Because he knew
Vvliat -he was up against! And you
found me bound in my berth, didn’t
you ?

  “ Connor is the' man you want. He’s
your filibuster. Punish him for it, and
welcome, for he made my ship a dis-
honest vessel in spite of me. You can
take the rest of us to Mazatlan for
trial, if you want. I can prove my in-
nocence. Question the crew, if you
like!”

  Garza grinned again.

  “ That story doesn’t sound good.”

  “ Why did you find me bound then ?
Why wouldn’t I be on deck putting up
a fight? You know my history. Do
you think you'd have taken this ship so
easily if I’d been running guns? ”

  “ There’s something in that,” the
Mexican officer said.

  He turned and looked at Connor.

  “ What have you to say ? ” he de-
manded.

  Connor had been thinking swiftly.
Captain Bill had plotted well. He
could send Connor before an execution
squad.

  “ I’ve nothing to say,” Connor
growled.	,

  “ You admit it is true? ”

  “ I'm not talking! ”

  Garza faced Captain Bill again.

  “If this is true, I am glad for your
sake,” he said. “ But I'm not certain.”
Connor was still thinking. Either
he would pay the penalty, else Captain
Bill and Norene would pay it. He
didn’t care for Captain Bill, but No-
rene was innocent; had been horrified
when she discovered what her uncle
was doing.

  Perhaps there’d be some chance of
escape after Captain Bill got Norene
and the Amingo away.

  “ It’s up to me! ” he told Garza sud-
denly. “What the captain, says is
true. But you haven’t executed me
yet by a long shot—”

  “ So! ” Garza cried. “ Iron him,
men! He’s tried to run guns for the
last time! ”

  Two of the men started toward
Connor.

  Norene, her face white, stepped be-
fore him. Connor never forgot how
she looked just then.

  “ Wait! ” she cried. “ It isn’t true!
My uncle has lied to you! He alone
is guilty!

  “ Wait — listen to me! He shang-
haied this man in Astoria—shanghaied
him, and one of his friends, too. This
man had spoken lightly of me. My uncle
swore he’d punish him for it. Guer-
rero tied ihy uncle, at his orders. My
uncle admitted to me what he was go-
ing to do—that he was going to send
this man to his death, and go free him-
self.”

  “ Girl! ” the captain screeched.

  “ It’s true—true! You sha’n’t have
an innocent man executed! You must
face your crime yourself! I’m telling
the truth, senor ’’ she added, facing
Garza again. “ Ask Guerrero—he has
no reason to hate this man, but he has
reason to hate my uncle now, because
he failed to land the cargo. Go back
to the States and find who bought the
arms and cartridges! ”

  She was sobbing as she spoke, for
she began to realize the consequences
of what she was .saying.

  Connor realized, too, with horror.
The girl was freeing him, but con-
demning her uncle—and perhaps her-
self.

  “Girl—girl! You’ve just killed
me! ” said Captain Bill, surprise and
horror in his voice.

  Garza was looking at him search-
ingly.

  “ This matter can be investigated
and ,the guilt fixed,” he said. “ I
WILD NORENE.

159

think, Captain Adams, that your little
plot has been in vain.”

  Captain Adams cursed, cursed his
niece, cursed Connor, cursed the Mexi-
can officer and his men, and Senor
Guerrero most of all.

  “ Silence! ” Garza commanded, and
called a subordinate to him. “ Take
charge of this schooner and follow the
gunboat to Mazatlan. A squad here!
Bind these prisoners well and have
them taken aboard the gunboat.
Watch the captain carefully, and have
his guard a double one. Senor Con-
nor, too. And the girl—

  “ Take the girl aboard the gunboat,
but keep her in irons. She’s as bad
as her uncle. She’s known in every
port. She’s slippery as an eel.”

  Two of the men caught Connor just
as he launched himself at the Mexican
officer.

  “ Watch the girl closely! ” Garza
went on, ignoring the American. “ I
don’t know why she’s turned against
the captain, but that makes no differ-
ence. You all heard her testimony
here. We’ll make her repeat it—and
it’ll send her uncle before a firing
squad. Lively, now! ”

  “ You dare lay hands on me? ”
Norene had ceased her weeping.
Her tiny hands were clenched at her
sides, her eyes blazed.

  “You curs!” she cried. “I ac-
cused my uncle to save an honest man,
not because I hated my father’s
brother. And he’s a better man than
any five of you! He’s an American
and I’m an American, and you can
punish us for such an offense if we
are guilty—but you’ll treat us decently
until we’re proved so!

  “ You’re going too fast, my fine
Mexican officer—entirely too fast
aboard an American ship. We have
a right to stop here and land cargo,
haven’t we ? ”

  “ Scarcely, when that cargo is con-
traband of such a nature, my dear
young lady,” Garza smilingly remind-
ed her.

  “ We’re lost, I suppose. But we’ll

bother you as much as we can! ” she
went on. “ You’ll take every step in
a legal manner! Perhaps, before you
remove us to the gunboat, you’d better
be sure the cargo is contraband. Not
all-of us will be executed—and the
man who is not you may be sure will
see that you suffer if every step is not
legal.”

  Garza, smiling, bowed before her
with fine sarcasm.

  “ Very well, scnorita,” he said. “ A
squad! Smash in those cases and we’ll
have a look. If 'you’ll pardon me.
senorita, I was about to do so, to make
the evidence sure.”

  She turned toward her uncle, weep-
ing, but he repulsed her.

  Connor clasped her in his arms. It
was all foolery, he knew. They’d be
taken aboard the gunboat, there would
be a farce of a trial in Mazatlan. With
the country in such a state, the trial
would be over and they’d be executed
before a United States consul could
even make a protest.

  But he held Wild Norene in his arms
for the moment, and that was because
she sought a refuge in her grief, not
because of love. Even as he thought
these things she drew away from him
and stood in the circle of Mexicans,
watching Garza’s squad smash in the
tops of the cases.

  She tried to explain to herself why
she had not let Connor be taken to his
death while her uncle escaped. What
was Connor to her?

  She answered herself that she had
done it because of the dread of seeing
an honest man suffer for the crime of
another—and because she had real love
for her uncle after all, that he was her
ideal, and she didn’t want that ideal
shattered, didn’t want her uncle to
lower himself by putting the blame on
another.

  It was over now, she thought.
Prison, perhaps death—at least for her
uncle and his crew, and perhaps for
herself. Or, if she escaped, there
would be endless years to remember
that she had condemned her father’s
160

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

brother with her words—the man who
had been like a second father to her.

  A cry from Garza caused all to turn
toward him. The lid of the first case
was off. Here were no rifles, no
cartridges—here were chunks of scrap
iron, stones, packed with heavy
paper!

  A smothered oath came from the
Mexican.

  “ Smash them in—all of them! ” he
commanded in his own language.

  They waited in consternation—Cap-
tain Bill, Norene, Connor, Morgan
and the crew.

  Case after case was opened—all
scrap iron and heavy paper and stones!
Some one laughed hoarsely. Some
one cursed.

  It was a miracle, almost. Norene
had not known. She had spoken as
she did without reason, on the verge
of hysteria.

  Garza ordered his men below—but
they found no contraband.

  “ I scarcely think you’ll trouble us
further,” Norene said to him when he
returned to the deck. “ By the way,
you and your men in the Mexican
service are on the deck of a ship flying
the United States flag. You’ve fired
a shot across our bows, attacked our
crew, seized the ship. The United
States government shall hear of this! ”

  Captain Bill Adams, coming from
his lethargy, suddenly realized the
situation.

  “ Off my ship, you scum! ” he
roared. “Into your boats! Take us
to Mazatlan, will you? Not without
evidence! Off my ship! ”

  Garza was an officer who knew
when he was whipped. He knew as
well as any man that Captain Bill
Adams had put into that cove to land
contraband.

  He wasn’t sure who was fooled—*
Captain Bill or himself—but he had
an inkling that it was both.

  With poor grace he ordered his men
into their boats after, releasing the
members of the Amingo’s crew. He

(The

would have to be satisfied with Riney,
a murderer, and with Guerrero, who
was wanted on other charges of in-
citing rebellion.

  And down in his soul he hoped he
never would hear from the incident
again.

  The boats pulled away. The search-
light died out. Captain Bill Adams
roared out an order, and men sprang
to touch match to the lights of the
Amingo.

  Forgetting the predicament, the
certain death he had faced, Captain
Bill was himself again.

  “’Tend to the wounded!” he
roared. “ And bless the swindlers that
sold the junta scrap iron for rifles! ”

  Connor stretched his cramped
muscles and made his way from the
forecastle to the deck. He had been
dressing a bad wound in Morgan’s leg.
The Amingo was on her way again,
and day had broken, and the sea
danced in the sunshine.

  The Mexican coast was red with
poinsettias. In the distance the gun-
boat steamed toward the south.

  Wild Norene stood beside the rail,
looking at the distant warship.

   Connor stepped up beside her.

  “ Why did you do it ? ” he asked
softly. “ Why didn’t you let me die,
let your uncle live? You didn’t know,
when you spoke, that the junta had
been fooled, that it would turn out
such a farce. Why did you do it,
Norene? ”

  “ I didn’t want to think my uncle
would hide behind another man, put
his guilt on another man, even if to
do otherwise meant his death.”

  “And that was the only reason?”
he asked.

  “ That — and because — because—
maybe — Wild Norene has been
tamed,” she whispered.

  And the man at the wheel whistled
softly as she turned and went into
Connor’s arms in token of sweet sur-
render.

end.)
unii^ £)ai\ces

Frank Leon Smith

THE air in the long local room
was thick with smoke from
brands of ten - cent tobacco
burning under forced draft. Twenty
typewriters, mauled by a score of
earnest young men, gave up a racket
reminiscent of a flock of Curtis bi-
planes swooping by the grand stand.
The floor was covered with a deep
layer of crumpled newspapers through
which office-boys plowed at frequent
intervals.

  At the horseshoe copy-desk the
readers humped closer to their work.
Flattened out, almost inside his huge
roll-top desk, the little city editor pre-
sented the appearance of one Awho
bore the responsibilities of the universe
on his shoulders.

  Industry—that’s the word for the
scene.

  At his table near the rail the assist-
ant city editor dropped a handful of
galley-proofs and groaned. Then with
a fierce gesture he pressed his fists
against his brows and for a moment
rested his tired eyes.

  “ Mason! ” he yelled, swinging
around in his swivel chair to com-
mand the long room.

  No response.

  Again he shouted—with the same
absence of results. With a few warm

  •	II A-S C

words in his wake, he flung open the
gate in the rail and strode to the rear
of the room.

  There, in a space from which the
discarded exchanges had been hurried-
ly kicked, Mason was slowly gyrating,
locked in the close embrace of Howard
Nutting, the imperturbable millionaire
reporter.

  “ Nah—nix, Chas,” Nutting was
saying; “ don’t hop like a flea with a
stone bruise—keep your feet on the
floor. It’s a sort of shuffle—toe-heel,
toe-heel, toe-heel. Now relax a little;
don’t be so stiff—all right. Ta-da-da-
da, tee-da-dee, ti-dee-da,” and, hum-i
ming the strains of “ Too Much Mus-
tard,” he backed the awkward Mason
through the elementary movements of
the one-step.

  With his hands on his hips, his nose
wrinkled in eighteen places, and a
double curl in his upper lip, the as-
sistant city editor successfully depicted
supreme scorn as he watched the evo-
lutions of the two reporters.

  “ Bend your knees a little,” Nutting
panted; “ don’t get up on your toes
that way—you’re no Mordkin. Keep
your arm up—that’s it—now try to get
into the music a little—tee-da-da-da,
da-dee-dee, te-da-de-dade—dee—bing!
ta-da-da—” »
162

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

  Then the assistant editor exploded.
“------! ” he shout-
ed, “ what the----!

Hey! Cut it out!----!

Where do you guys think you are?

Good---! Has the whole

town gone bugs over this blankety-
blank dancing?”

  Mason and Nutting parted suddenly
and turned to face the angry editor.

  “What’s wrong, Joseph?” inquired
Nutting innocently.

 “Oh,---! ” said the

assistant city editor, and for a brief
instant was inarticulate. Then he
recovered and made up for lost time.

  “ I didn’t hear you yell, Joe,” said
Mason—a short young man with a
very serious cast of countenance. •

  “ No, you were too busy with this
turkey-in-the-straw stuff. What are
you framing up? Some stunt for
amateur night? I don’t blame you
much, Mason—but this skull Nutting
—you’re going to suffer, mister.”
“Who, me?” queried Nutting
sweetly. “ Why, Joseph—”

  “ Yes, you,” snapped Joe. “ You
put on your ear-laps and mittens and
see me right away. I’ve got a nice
little job for you. I was going to send
Mason, but you seem to have so much
energy—”

  “ Aw, Joe, have a heart,” Nutting
begged; but Joe walked away.

  When Nutting presented himself at
the rail a moment later Joe handed
him a clipping from a morning paper.

  “ I don’t suppose you have read
this,” he said. “ It doesn’t seem to
dawn on you that you are working for
a newspaper and ought to keep up with
the news. Anyhow, we want pictures
of this Venus person, and we want ’em
quick. Hoist yoursdf over to the
family chateau and don’t you show
your map in this dump again if you
come away without the pics.”

  Nutting drew himself up very
grandly.

  “ Why don’t you send some one
else ? ” he demanded. “ I’m no pho-
tograph slooch—”

  “ Ah,” and Joe grinned broadly.
“ Quite right, old top, quite right. I
realize that picture skirmishing is be-
neath you, Mr. Nutting; but this case
presents — ah — ah — unusual difficul-
ties. I picked you for the job because
you are husky.

  “ It may be of interest to you to
know that the father of this young
lady is one Battle - Ship Gorman,
erstwhile middle - weight champion
pugilist, now retired and living on his
income. Senor Gorman, I am in-
formed has lost none of his old time
prowess; in fact, he’s a terror.

  “If you will incline your noble bean
slightly to the right you will see that
handsome young scribe, Pedro Sulli-
van who wears a splendid black eye,
presented to him this morning by Herr
Gorman. Now beat it, Nut — get
going! ”

  “ But Joe, my accident policy lapsed
yesterday—” Nutting started to pro-
test.

  “ On your way,” said Joe, bending
over his desk. “ Don’t forget to ask
the girl if she stands for woman
suffrage; and if you see the old man.
get a few words from him on eu-
genics-.”

  Nutting groaned and turned away.

  A hurried perusal of the clipping
told him that Miss Isabel Gorman, a
member of the junior class at Var-
nard, had been pronounced by a world-
famous surgeon to be the best-formed
young lady in America. Miss Gorman,
so the story ran, was not only perfectly
proportioned, but was blessed with an
unusually beautiful face.

  She attributed her exquisite figure
to her active interest in athletics. A
tabulated comparison of Miss Gor-
man’s measurements with those of the
immortal Venus di Milo occupied a
prominent place in the clipping.

  As Nutting read he straightened in-
stinctively and smiled.

  “ Wh-ee-ee,” he muttered, “ we-11,
this looks all right to me. Who’s
afraid of her old man ? I ain’t.”

  He stowed away the clipping, then
NUTTING DANCES.

163

brushed his coat and hat with unusual
care. On his way out he paused be-
hind battered Peter Sullivan.

  “ Say, Pete—did you call on Miss
Gorman this morning? ”

  Pieter looked up from his type-
writer, one eye completely closed and
a sour expression on his face.

  “ Ah, go to—” he growled, “ Are
you trying to kid me? ”

  “ No—I’m the next victim. ySay,
what’s wrong with her father? ”

  Peter fingered the space bar on his
typewriter.

  “ There’s nothing the matter with
his right—looka this lamp of mine.
Ain’t it a beaut ? Why, I rang his bell
and told him that I was from the
Chronicle and wanted pictures of his
daughter and an interview. He tried
to close the door and when I stuck my
foot against it and tried to argue with
him, he fired me down the steps. He
absolutely refuses to let the papers
have pictures of his daughter. Says
he defies all the scribes in the world
to get under his guard. J wish you
joy. Which do you prefer, a motor
hearse or a black wagon pulled by
mustangs ? ”

  “ I should worry,” said Nutting,
with an appropriate gesture.

  After removing a few imaginary
lints from his coat he left the room.
In the lobby of the building he con-
sulted the clipping.

  “ What was her address ? Er—a
wealth of flaxen hair—one hundred
and forty pounds—forearm measure-
ment—er\-er 2610 Hicks Street,
Brooklyn—yes—yes—large blue eyes.
Oh, I just hate this assignment!” he
said to himself.

  Hastening to the bridge station he
boarded a Brooklyn subway express.
As the train racketed under the river
he fell to planning a campaign. He"
wasn’t afraid of her father—no, not
he!

  “ Why, if Battle-Ship puts up his
dukes to me I’ll lean on him and lean
on him hard,” he thought. “ I’ll tell
him, ‘ I hate to do this, old scout, but

you brought it on yourself. Now will
you be good ? ’ Oh, I don’t anticipate
any particular trouble with Gorman
pere.”

  Howard Nutting, it may be ex-
plained, was a tall, husky, blond
young man who had inherited a large
fortune. After leaving college his
world seemed quite vacant and devoid
of incident.

  It was in the hope of finding ad-
venture that he secured a berth on the
Chrotiicle city staff, where, although
he did not prove an eminently brilliant
journalist, his never-failing good
spirits, loyalty and willingness to “ try
anything once ” endeared him to his
associates.

  When the train stopped at Borough
Hall, Nutting jumped out and made
his way to the street. A policeman
gave him sailing directions and
blithely he strode up the hill to Hicks
Street.	^

  “ Wonder what I’d better say to the
old man in case he comes to the
door ? ” he asked himself. “ Shall I
tell him I am from the Chronicle£ No
—he might swing on me too soon.
I’ve got to get in and shut the door
behind me somehow. Once in I’ll take
a lot of throwing out.”

  As he drew near the house he was
ribt without certain misgivings for all
his bold thoughts of a few minutes
previous.

  Many times he had read of the ring
ability of Battle-Ship Gorman, who, in
his prime was famed as a savage slug-
ger. Gorman had accepted every chal-
lenge, fought every comer, and after
fifteen years of almost unbroken suc-
cess had retired from the ring with a
large sock of money and devoted him-
self to the management of his real-
estate business.

 When entreated — as he fre-
quently was—to come out of retire-
ment and defend the middle-weight
championship he had won and relin-
quished — he merely growled and
growled and pointed to his record.

  He did not allow challenge, sarcasm
164

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

or abuse to shake him in his purpose
never to fight professionally again.
But his temper was peppery, and at.
least once a year an account of some
street encounter of his found its way
into the columns of the daily press.
His antipathy for newspapermen, based
on these unwelcome dramatizations o£
his flare-ups, was well known.

  But experience had taught Nutting
that there is no percentage in worry-
ing about things that might never
happen, and Ben Franklin’s famous
anxiety-dispeller was fleeting through
his mind when he mounted the steps
at 2610 Hicks Street and leaned
against the push button.

  In the brief'interval between the
turning of the knob and the opening
of the door he had twice clenched his
fists and assumed defensive attitudes,
and twice had abandoned the pose'—
the second time with an involuntary
gasp of admiration.

  Obviously the girl who held open
the door and regarded him with an air
of innocent inquiry was the beautiful
Miss Isabel.

  In one hurried glance he ratified the
famous surgeon’s high opinion of her,
and after a more comprehensive look
he concluded that the eminent author-
ity had been too conservative in the
expression of his praise.

  “ Miss Venus di Milo, you’re out of
the running,” he said to himself.

  Snatching off his hat he bowed low.

  “ How do you do ? ” he began, “ Is
Mr. Gorman in ? ”

  “ No, father is out just at present,”
she replied in a voice that quite be-
longed with her attractive being.

  Nutting smiled.

  “ Can you tell me when he will re-
turn ? ” he asked, spinning his hat on
his forefinger.

  “ Why, he should be back in an hour
or two, I fancy. Is there—”

  “Now isn’t that unfortunate?”
he broke in, grinning broadly, “ I’m
terribly disappointed. I came way
over here from New York just to see
him and now—”

  “Won’t you come in?” she asked
smilingly.

  “ Thank you,” he exclaimed and
stepped quickly into the hall.

  As the door closed behind him he
started involuntarily and turned, half
expecting to see the sturdy Mr. Gor-
man standing in the corner.

  “You are quite sure that your father
—er—er—won’t return for an hour ? ”
he asked as she led the way to the sit-
ting room. .

  She gazed at him with a roguish
smile.

  “ He may change his plans and re-
turn at any moment,” she replied.

  “ Uh—huh,” he beamed.

  She took a rocker near the window
and he hauled a chair closer to the
center of the picture and seated him-
self.

  “If you will tell me your business
with father, Mr.—er—Mr.—”

  “ Nutting —• Howard Nutting — of
the—yes—Howard Nutting,” he said
quickly. He had started to fumble for
one of his Chronicle cards, but, on sec-
ond thought, refrained.

  “ I came to see your father about
you,” he continued, smiling amiably.

  “ About me ? ”

  “ Huh—huh—yes, about—”

  A new program suggested itself. He
paused and eyed her intently.

  “ Why, we’ve met before, I’m sure! ”
he cried, starting up. “ You are—
why, of course—silly of me not to have
thought of it before—you are Miss
Isabel Gorman, are you not ? ”

  “ Yes,” she affirmed eagerly.
“ Where—”

  “ Didn’t I meet you at West Point? ”
He knew very well that he had never
seen her prior to her appearance at the
do,or, but the scheme was working.

  “ Why, I don’t know—did you ? ”
Miss Gorman had never visited
West Point, but she was not immune to
the subtle flattery.

  “ I have it! ” he burst out. “ It was
at the Junior Prom at Princeton, two
years ago; don’t tell me it wasn’t. You
were a freshman at Varnard at the
NUTTING DANCES.

165

time ”— a quick calculation based on
the clipping Joe had given him—
“ surely you haven’t forgotten me so
soon ? ”	.

  She blushed and eyed him shyly.

  Nutting, as has been said, was tall,
blond, and husky. Also, very good-
looking. All of which she noted, and
her next remark proved that she was
as good at the little game as he.

  “ I—er—one meets so many college
men— Why, didn’t you play on the
football team ? ”

  He smiled happily.

  " Fullback—my last two years in
school,” he returned modestly.

  “ Why, of course! ” she exclaimed.

  “ Well—well! ” he laughed as he
hauled his chair closed. “ Who’d ’a’
thunk it? This is luck. Well, Miss
Isabel—ah—ah—tell me all about your-
self. What have you been doing since
I saw you last ? ”

  She poked carelessly at the “ wealth
of flaxen hair ” and replied: .

  “ Oh, the usual school grind, with- a
dance now and then by way of va-
riety.”

  “ How do you like the new dances ? ”

  “ I’m just crazy about them. Don’t
you think they are grand ? ”

  “ You’ve spoke a parable,” he
affirmed.

  “ I've just received some new dance
records,” she said suddenly. “ Would
you care to hear one ? ”

  “ Would I — say — of course I
would! ” he exclaimed, leaping up as
she rose to her feet.

  When the phonograph had been
wound and started they stood and
listened a moment; then, without a
word, he pushed the chairs against the
wall.

  They danced.

  As you know, dancing is a great
little demolisher of formality.

  “ Can you do the maxixe-? ” she
asked as he cranked the machine for
the second record.

  “ Sure—and you?”

  “ I can’t seem to learn it,” she said
With a bewitching little pout.

  “ Cinch,” he said briefly. “ Got any
music for it? ”

  She produced a maxixe record and
he adjusted it on the phonograph.

  “ Now I’ll make a bargain with
you,” he said, turning to her with a
winning smile. “ In my little role in
the thrilling life-drama, ‘ What Be-
comes of Our College Fullbacks? ’ I do
a turn in a newspaper office. We have
learned that you have been pronounced
the most beautiful young lady in the
world, which, in my humble opinion,
is a very mild testimonial to your
charms.

  “We would be honored if you would
permit us to run your picture, with our
little eulogy, in to-morrow’s edition. If
you will give me a photograph of your-
self I will guarantee to teach you the
maxixe. Is it a go ? ”

  She listened wonderingly, a rosy
glow in her cheeks, and when he con-
cluded she faltered:

  “ Why—I don’t don’t know—really
—father—”

  “ Now your father wouldn’t need
to know how we got the pictures, or
even that we got them here,” he,said
confidently. “ How does he know but
that we swiped them from the photog-
rapher? Aw, now, Miss Isabel, have
a heart.”

  She laughed gaily.

  “ Would you—could you return
them to me after—”

  “ I’ll promise to get them back to
you in good condition as soon as they
have been through the engraving
room.”

  <e All right,” she said. “ Excuse me
a minute.”

  While she was gone, Nutting took
a few snappy, swaggering steps about
the room and felicitated himself gener-
ously.

  “ Oh, you’re there, Howard old boy,
You sure are some speed demon,” and
so on.

  When she returned she held up three
large photographs.

  “ Which will you want? ” she
asked.
166

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

  He examined them approvingly,
looking now at her and now at the
pictures.

  “ You sure are some queen, Miss
Isabel—you don’t mind my saying so,
I hope? Why, I’ll take all three of
course. Then the boss can make his
own selection.”

  “ Well—if you are sure I will get
them back soon. They are the only
ones I have left.”

  “ Right you are,” he said briskly,
and placing the pictures with his hat
on a chair near the door, he leaped to
the phonograph and pushed the lever.

“ Ah—dog! ” he cried, thrilled by
the stirring strains, “ Just can’t keep
mail feet o,n de flo’. Come on, lady! ”
She joined him laughingly, and the
lesson began.

  “ My, but you are light on your
feet! ” she exclaimed when he paused
to wind the motor. “ And you so big
•—why you must weigh at least—how
much do you weigh ? ”

  “ Huh — huh! Oh, I dunno — a
hundred and eighty-five or ninety or
thereabouts. No fat either.”

  “ A big man certainly is a graceful
dancer when—”

  “When he is graceful, eh?” he
finished for her.

  The lesson was continued.

  At the end of an hour, Nutting
suddenly realized that the time for
Gorman pere’s appearance was about
due.

  “ Pardon me if I seem to look at
my watch,” he said, consulting his
timepiece. “ Really, Miss Isabel,
though it breaks my heart to say it,
I must tear myself away. Duty calls,
and all that sort of silly rot.”

  He quickly swung the chairs back
to their proper places and caught up
his hat and the precious photographs.

  “ You are doing fine,” he said at
the door. “ Really, you learn awfully
quick. I figure that one more lesson
will be all you need—er—when shall
I call?”

  “Oh, how about Friday evening?”
she smiled.

  “ Fine. Gee, but I’m glad we’ve
renewed our acquaintanceship. I
think we dance rather well together,
don’t you ? ”

  “ Yes? Thank you so much for the
lesson,” she returned, extending her
hand. “ You won’t lose those photo-
graphs, will you ? ”

  “ Only over my dead body,” he de-
claimed. “ If I don’t return those pic-
tures to you in excellent condition,
I’ll never show my face in this neigh-
borhood again. Well, so long, Miss
Isabel.”

  “ Good-by, Mr. Nutting of West
Point, Princeton, and elsewhere,” she
said with a little laugh.

  He turned on the steps and eyed her
quizzically. Then both laughed
merrily.

  “ Say,” he grinned, “ do you be-
lieve in woman suffrage ? ”

  “ Why, what a question! Er—yes
and no.”

  “ I thought so. We’ll talk it over
when I see you Friday,” he called
from the sidewalk. “’By!”

  On the way to the subway station
he stepped high.

  “Mm—mm—isn’t she pretty?” he
said to himself. “ Fine little dancer,
too. Oh, Howard, I guess you are
kinder poor when it comes to the
gentle chatter! Put one over on the
old man that time. Battle-Ship Gor-
man, the terror—huh! A slugger—
huh! Well, it makes all the difference
in the world when the Chronicle puts
a good man on the job. Guess Joe
will be tickled when I breeze in with
these pics.”

  He stopped on the sidewalk and in-
spected the photographs, wagged his
head admiringly, then resumed his
journey. At a corner news-stand he
bought a copy of a magazine with
large pages—a woman’s magazine—
and slipped the pictures inside to pro-
tect them.

  As he clattered down the stairs into
the subway. Miss Isabel’s remark
about his bulk popped into his head.

  “ You are so big—how much do
NUTTING DANCES.

167

you weigh ? ” she had said, and,
“ A big man is certainly a graceful
dancer—”

  “ Oh, boy,” he mused. “ Wonder
how much I do weigh ? ”

  The opportunity to learn was at
hand. There were scales beside a
bench on the platform and he had,
several pennies in his change pocket.

  He stepped on the scales. Then, as
the needle flew around the dial, he re-
alized that he still held the magazine
containing the photographs. With his
eyes on the dial he reached behind
him and dropped the package.

  At that moment a train pulled into
the station and a throng of passengers
streamed out.

 When he stepped from the scales
 and turned to the bench, the magazine,
 photos and all—was gone!

Battle-Ship Gorman slammed the
front door and strode into the hall.

 “ Isabel! ” he called.

 “Yes, father?” she answered from
 somewhere above.

“ Here’s a book I brought ye^
Picked it up on a subway bench,” he
continued good-humojedly.

 He turned the pages of the maga-
 zine.

 “ This here book is full of pretty—
 well* I’ll be—” he concluded as the
 three photographs of his daughter fell
 to the floor.

DIVORCED

 By H. M. Sterling

 YOU could not bear with me, and so
 The days and years to come shall lack

 Sweet priv’leges I used to know—

 Like hooking dresses up the back.

 Your golden head no more shall rest
 Beside me in the bower, where

 I gazed on you and idly guessed

 What woman first had worn your hair.

 Your spoken word that once could thrill
 Me, even as the mellow lute,

 I’ll hear no more, in accents shrill,
 Ejaculating “ Ugh ! you brute ! ”

 And when at eve the sun’s retreat
 Blazons the sky with molten glare,

 I shall not hasten home to eat

The deadly food that you prepare.

 Something is gone which must have flown
 With you, dear, when you hurried hence ;

 Your absence means—I might have known—
 The absence of the Fiend—Expense.
 HEART TO HEART TALKS

             BY THE EDITOR

    THIS is an age of queries, an age of research. We are of an investi-
    gating turn of mind. The toddling child begins to ask questions that
    no human being can answer. It is an age of why and because, and
    the simple things are quite as important as those that are involved.

         For example:

        WHY do some plants droop and turn to the earth after sunset?
    BECAUSE when the warmth of the sun’s rays is withdrawn they turn down-
    ward to receive the warmth of the earth by radiation.

        WHY do pawnbrokers display three balls in front of their shops?
    BECAUSE three balls constituted the device of the Medici family of Flor-
    ence. They were primarily physicians, and the three balls indicated pills.
    Finally they became money-lenders, and their seals appeared on so many docu-
    ments that had to do with the pledging of personal property as security for
    loans, that the device lost its original significance and became the emblem of
    money-lenders.

        WHY does lightning sometimes take a zigzag course? BECAUSE
    electricity seeks the earth by the path of least resistance. The lightning flies
    from side to side to find the easiest path.

         WHY do people lost in the darkness or in a jungle walk in circles?
     BECAUSE ninety per cent of the human race have one leg longer than the
     other, and at each step take a longer stride with the longest leg. This leads
     them to the right or left in the form of a circle.

         WHY are three hundred thousand people waiting for the July 18 All-
     Story Cavalier? BECAUSE they know it carries the best fiction of any
     all-fiction publication in anv language.

      THAT’S WHY!

                  & jt

       Just to prove that he can write more derful jewel to his friends at a house-
     than one kind of a story, Fred Jackson has^ party; at the same time announcing his
     produced an unusual and fascinating mur-
     der mystery for the consideration of the
     readers of the All-Story Cavalier. And
     it’s really some mystery!

  THE BIGGEST DIAMOND

             BY FRED JACKSON

      is the tale, and it will begin next week.
j	The story is written around “ The Lit-

      tle Brother to the Stars,” the biggest dia-
      mond in the world, which Schuyler Nel-
      son, multimillionaire, has purchased from
      the Raja of Mat an. He shows the won-

168

engagement to Mrs. Genevieve Howell,
whose past is a trifle opaque.

   His daughter Molly is furious at what
 she considers an insult to the memory of
 her mother; so the next morning, when
 her father is found lying in his study dead
 —murdered—suspicion falls on her. For
 she had quarreled with her father. And
 when they got the safe open at last—

   But it would be a pity to spoil a good
 story for you. You know how well Fred
 Jackson writes. Just consider that he has
 woven all his charm into this baffling and
 powerful serial.

  “THE BIGGEST DIAMOND” comes
in four instalments.
HEART TO HEART TALKS.

169

  The novelette for next week has an at-
tractive title. It is called

LAFE JASON’S SPECULATION

BY WILLIAM H. HAMBY

Hamby, you remember, wrote “ Jacob’s
Wages” and “The Mingling of the Wa-
ters,” a very popular serial which con-
cluded not long ago.

 “LAFE JASON’S SPECULATION”
is a tale of the Ozark Mountains, and has
for its hero just the kind of an individual
you and I like. He’s thoroughly Ameri-
can and he’s thoroughly human, is Lafe.

  And he’s only a poor Hilly Billy in Wa-
hoo City. He hasn’t any money or any
influence, only the gray matter under his
ragged cap and two sizable fists. But,
after a while, he manages to open a small
store; and, with Nina Wingate to help
him, begins his fight for recognition and
success.

  Three precious grafters, of the wooden
nutmeg variety, block his progress. To-
gether they own about everything worth
owning in Wahoo City. They're a hard
bunch to beat.

  Lafe tightens his belt and spars for an
opening. Read about him. It’ll do you a
heap of good. Maybe next time the other
fellow lands you a stiff punch on the point
of your jaw you’ll return the compliment
with a soporific solar plexus.

  The story is complete in the July 18
issue.

 “SORROWS OF O-HANA-SAN,” by
Walter Elwood, is an unusual story about
an unusual girl. The fact that this girl
was a little Japanese maiden in no way de-
tracts from the absorbing interest of the
story, as you shall see when you read it.
The tale opens in the Philippines, in the
town of Valladolid, where an American,
Jim Hillore, is the supervising teacher.

  At the moment the story begins, O-
Hana-San is riding a bicycle, said bicycle
moving along on a slack wire stretched
diagonally high above the pit of the sag-
ging palm-thatched theater. No wonder
Jim held his breath as the beautifully pro-
portioned little lady daringly rode back
and forth, balancing herself as she did so
by means of her big beflowered umbrella.

  Back in the States Jim had a girl of his
own, and her name was Rose, but right
then and there Jim forgot Rosie.

  Of course, all this sort of thing has
happened before, and no doubt always
will, because men are men no matter what
their mothers were.

  After you have read about little O-
Hana-San you are going to tell your
friends to read about her, or I’ll miss my
guess.

J*	jt

 “MULLIGAN’S SENSE OF HU-
MOR,” by David A. Wasson, is a story of
the sea, and not without its redeeming
sense of comedy. Mr. Wasson knows
sailors and the sea as you know the ham-
mock on the veranda of your best girl’s
home!

  This story has to do with a strike—a
strike among the Marine Brotherhood.
Genial Patrick Mulligan was the secretary
of the order. The strike was aboard the
steamship Colossus, of which Jerry Horn-
beam was captain. This skipper was a
relic of the halcyon days when the Yankee
windjammers dotted all oceans. Jerry’s
fist was as good as brass knuckles, and his
piercing glance had made more than one
mutinous crew quail into subjection. That
Secretary Mulligan not only had the para-
lyzing gall to call a strike, but also had the
greater temerity to board Captain Jerry’s
vessel, was enough to make the master of
the ship almost explode with rage.

  Mind you, this is only the beginning of
the tale, and we leave you to find out the
rest for yourself.

     J*	Jt

 “THE GOLDEN SILENCE,” by
Stephen Allen Reynolds, opens as Colonel
Worthington J. Brewster becomes aware
of the fact that his broker, a crook by the
name of Fox, has deliberately swindled
the colonel out of seventy thousand dol-
lars.

  The colonel was an old cavalry officer,
and he carried a tough snakewood stick.
He tried to control his wrath, but his good
intentions went to the four winds of
heaven, and then his stick came down on
the Foxy crook—I mean the crooked Fox.
When the old colonel was finally pulled
off of the scoundrel, Mr. Fox had received
one good leathering; but alas!—the "sev-
enty thousand bucks had gone, never to
return. So thought the wise Mr. Fox;
but the colonel had a son, and he came to
the front for his daddy, telling him that he
would never cease his efforts until he made
Mr. Fox return the seventy thousand to
his father. Frotn_ that time on, the son
got busy, and you will be interested in
finding out how he eventually made good.

Jl	J*	j*

 “HER LITTLE EXCELLENCY,” by
W. G. Tinckom-Fernandez, takes you to
the Far East, the slumbering, inscrutable,
170

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

mysterious East. The author is a native	and an English woman who meet in Bim-

of India, where he lived the early part of	ballal, India. These two are commercial

his life. He went to school in England,	agents—that is, in our vernacular, drum-

then came to America and graduated from	mers. They get into trouble, and then

Harvard, all of which goes to show that	they get out again, and through it all there

you are sure to get atmosphere in this	is a fascinating love story which will make

story, and a fresh point of view.	you glad you are able to buy the All-

 The plot concerns an American man	Story Cavalier Weekly.

jl jl	jt jl

A BIRD’S-EYE VIEW	OF THE LETTER-BAG

  Naturally it is impossible for me to an-
swer all of the letters that come to my
desk. Many of them are more or less in
the same vein, more or less laudatory, set-
ting forth primarily the fact that the wri-
ters approve of the magazine; that they
like certain stories, and propose to con-
tinue reading the All-Story Cavalier re-
gardless of the high cost of living and the
enforcement of the income tax. Others
of my letters deal rather critically, point
a moral of some sort, or express opinions
that seem to me to justify the publication
of the epistles.	0

  On the subject of the wedding I have a
few lines from Gloucester, Massachusetts.

WED

For years I met a Cavalier,

  He called on me each week;

A jolly fellow, full of cheer,

  A friend, indeed, to seek.

I thought him clear from woman’s wiles,
  Bound to a single life;

But recently, with happy smiles,

  He introduced his wife.

M. A. Walton.

IT’S GOOD ENOUGH FOR HIM

To the Editor:

  I am enclosing my check for four dol-
lars, for which send me the All-Story
Cavalier Weekly for one year, begin-
ning with the issue for June 20.

  I have been buying the magazine from
the drug-store here ever since I let my
subscription lapse, but they have quit sell-
ing magazines and I just can’t do with-
out it.

  The only thing I can suggest which
would improve it for me is that you have
your novelettes longer, say about fifty or
sixty pages. The length of the instal-
ments of your serials is just right.

You are publishing some mighty classy
stuff these days, and the magazine seems
to be improving with each issue.

J. E. McBride.

Lamar, S. C.

SUITS BETTER THAN EVER

To the Editor:

Just a few words to show my apprecia-
tion for the All-Story Cavalier. I com-
menced reading it when it first made its
appearance as a monthly magazine, and
now that it is a weekly, it suits me better
than ever. I have all the weekly numbers
and intend to secure the rest of them.

•	Please publish more of Zane Grey’s
work, as he is a special favorite of mine.
I also like the Burroughs stories and
would like to see a sequel to “At the
Earth’s Core” at an .early date.

I can find no fault with our magazine.
Of course every one can’t be pleased, and
if I find a story that I do not like I pass it
by, for there are plenty that I like right in
the same magazine.

I can hardly wait for Friday to roll
around, I am so anxious to get the next
issue of the All-Story Cavalier.

J. C. Rogers.

Box 31,

El Dorado, Arkansas.

FRED JACKSON’S FRIEND

To the Editor:

As a new reader of your weekly maga-
zine, the All-Story Cavalier, let me an-
nounce to you that this book- is one of the
few that makes people get it every time.
The story entitled “ The Eternal Conflict,”
by Fred Jackson, in last week’s issue, was
fine.

Edith T. Berman.

92 Ridge Street,

New York City.
HEART TO HEART TALKS.

171

HAS TWO FAVORITES

To the Editor:

I am an enthusiastic reader of the All-
Story Cavalier Weekly. I never miss it.

Two of your authors are favorites of
mine: Zane Grey and Edgar Rice Bur-
roughs. Mr. Grey’s “ The Lone Star
Rangers,” was a story worth while. But
why not give us another as good, with a
girl for a heroine—that is, one who has
had a shady past and gone West, only to
be saved by a true-blue Western fellow?
All girls are not saints. Mr. Grey, I am
sure, could picture my heroine.

“ Tarzan of the Apes ” is the most en-
thralling story I have ever read. Some
say, “but it’s such a lie.” Mr. Burroughs
makes us forget the “ lie ” part and Tar-
son becomes real. Success is assured the
motion-picture actor who can enact Tar-
zan on the screen.

Good luck to your weekly.

Mary Flier.

Caledonia, New York.

ZANE GREY WILL WRITE A SEQUEL

To the Editor:

I have been taking the All-Story Cava-
lier Weekly only a short time, and it
gives me pleasure to state that I would
not. be without it. It is the best all-fiction
weekly I have ever read.

“ The Lone Star Rangers ” is great, and
I would appreciate it very much if Zane
Grey would give us a sequel to it, with,
for instance, both couples in their new
home.

“ The Beasts of Tarzan ” is fine also. In
fact, all the stories are good.

I like Russ and Ruth best of all in Zane
Grey’s novel.

I take several magazines and have only
been buying the All-Story Cavalier
about five weeks. I would not trade it for
all the others.

Let us know if you can prevail upon
Zane Grey for a sequel.

Hoping you accept me for membership
in your great club of readers,

B. P. Knight.

6933 Emerald Avenue,

Chicago, Illinois.

“WRITTEN TO ENTERTAIN”

To the Editor:

As a constant reader of the Heart to
Heart Talks, I feel like kicking in a few
myself.

I noticed in a recent letter where some
learned gentleman had taken exception to

several errors on the part of Mr. Bur-
roughs, this savant claiming that the Mar-
tian time as stated was wrong, besides
finding fault with various other state-
ments. I most respectfully desire to sug-
gest to this savant that if he reads stories
for the purpose of detecting possible er-
rors instead of the entertainment aiforded
by them, the best thing he can do is to
transfer his attentions to other fields. One
would imagine that a person with the in-
telligence which a scientist is supposed to
have would realize that all of these stories
are written to entertain, and if there are
occasional errors in them they should be
excused.

  Furthermore, unless critics can do bet-
ter than the writers they criticise, I think
they had better keep quiet altogether. I
find all of these stories so very entertain-
ing that I would hardly know which to se-
lect as the headliners.

  Naturally, I am interested in learning
whether or not we will get sequels to Mr.
Burroughs’s various stories.

  I might add that “ The Great Secret,”
"Wandering Men,” and “The Grand Get-
away” appeal to me quite strongly.

  With best wishes for your future suc-
cess,

S. H. Phillips.

  224 Wellington Street,

  Ottawa, Canada.

 LETTERETTES

  I have read The All-Story and The
Cavalier for years and like them very
much. I think Edgar Rice Burroughs is
your best writer. Tell him to give us a
sequel to “ At the Earth’s Core.” I am
interested in “ The Beasts of Tarzan.”
Tarzan is all right.

  Wishing you the best of success,

Norman Dick.

  Folsom City, California.

  “ The Eternal Conflict,” by Fred Jack-
son.

  And they say Fred can't write a story!

                    J. E. Hardwicke.
  Winston-Salem, North Carolina.

 As a new reader of the All-Story
Cavalier I must say that the stories pub-
lished in the past issues were very inter-
esting, and the current stories seem more
so. I have been reading The Cavalier for
the past six months and wish you such
success as any lover of good fiction should.

                    H. J. Sweetman.

  Akron, Ohio.
1T&

Elizabeth Irons Folsom

MR PICK, the undertaker, stepped
briskly up to the glass and
adjusted his necktie. He
turned his head from side to side,
critically examined the part in his hair
and touched carefully a circular ring
on each temple.

  He shook down his trouser legs
and, with his lips in the position of
whistling, crossed the room with sub-
dued spring in his step.

  If there was anything that Mr.
Pick particularly enjoyed, it was a fu-
neral the details of which were left
to his own planning. He disliked be-
reaved families having a large circle
of relatives with ideas of their own
concerning obsequies.

  His professional joy was quenched
in such work. In the case at hand he
had been undisturbed, and just before
closing the door, he surveyed, with
properly depressed pride, the room
that he had arranged according to his
belief in the last and best in under-
taking.

  Across the corner of the small room
stood the coffin.

  Under it a white fur rug, the prop-
erty of the undertaker, bristled con-
spicuously. The brass standards were
shining to the last degree. Above the
coffin was a canopy ring, from which

flowed a white lace drap, also the prop-
erty of Mr. Pick.

  This was parted, and drawn evenly
to head and foot, displaying the still
form. At one end of the fur rug was
a “ Gates Ajar ” in tortured flowers.
Exactly in the middle was a wreath,
and in geometrical position at the other
end was a floral pillow, .where purple
immortelles said, “ Alice.”

  The chairs were backed carefully
against the wall, and a row of yellow
pine camp chairs, also part of the
undertaker’s equipment, were evenly
placed.

  Everything that could have made
the room look natural, or as if it had
been lived in, had been removed.
There was a subdued light. One win-
dow, opened a dozen inches, allowed
a fresh scent to come in from the yard
full of poppies and sweet peas. Other
doors and windows were properly
closed.

  'The undertaker finished his last
satisfied look around, closed the door
gently behind him, and Alice Darst
was alone.

  It was almost the first time that she
had been alone since the burden of
life had slipped from her.

  There had been so many things to
do to her. Such a paraphernalia of

172
BESIDE HIS WIFE.

173

custom-made grief! Such a coming'
and going—such a curious peeping—
such an officious strain at “ doing
something for her ”—such a shedding
of suitable tears from neighborly
eyes. Being newly dead had brought
nothing of repose.

  When the door closed on Mr. Pick’s
black frock coat and pink cheeks, it
seemed almost as if the placid limbs
relaxed the more. There might have
been almost a sigh of relief from lips
that had taken upon themselves a
something that was not quite a smile,
but that was puzzling and unnatural
to the man who had come through the
hall door alone.

  He had been ushered in ostenta-
tiously by the undertaker, who had
made way for him through the crowd
of red eyed women in the hallway.

  “ Mr. Darst goes in alone to the
body,” had said the undertaker, and
curious faces were turned to watch the
closing panels of the door. Then, the
women forming the crowd found
comfortable advantageous positions
from which to view the ultimate re-
appearance of Mr. Darst.

  There was a general putting to-
gether of heads, and confidential con-
versations were resumed in hushed
voices.

  The man behind the door looked
about the unnatural little room in a
startled way. He felt as if he had
never seen it before. The armchair
at the window, which Alice had called
his, and where he had spent the larger
part of each Sunday with his papers
and the proper periodicals, was no
longer there.

  The familiar litter of small things
that had been his and hers he did not
see. He had a feeling that he was in'
the act of moving out of the house
which had been home.

  He looked at the still face of his
wife in the same anxious, startled way.
He touched awkwardly the stiff satin
pleating that stood out from»the pillow
where they had lain her head. He
looked at her, curiously, impersonally.

  It seemed to him as if he was trying
to recall where he had seen that wom-
an before, not as if he had been sent
in to take his first look at his wife
after she was arrayed for her burial.
He had to make a physical effort, by
bracing his feet and setting his jaw,
to keep his thoughts where they be-
longed.

  They seemed ready to folLow his
eyes out of the close little room,
through the strip of open window and
across the fields to something else—•
anything else. Even the most trivial
of business matters intruded them-
selves into his consciousness in ad-
vance of the things he should lie think-
ing about then.

  “ Don’t you think they have frizzed
her hair too much?” he said to the
girl who had noiselessly appeared at
the foot of the coffin near him.

  The girl did not speak, and he re-
peated the question, as if the answer
might be an important issue to him.

  “ Don’t you think her hair is too
much frizzed, Mary? I can’t make her
seem natural. Or maybe it's the thing
they have put around her neck. There
is something about her that seems
strange. Do you see it ? ”

  Again the girl did not reply and the
man went on:

  “ It isn’t exactly that she is smiling,
but there’s a queer look about her face
—seems like that she understood, or
knew something—”

  “ She didn’t,” spoke the girl.

  The man frowned.

  He rested his hands on the edge of
the coffin. They were strong, power-
ful hands, matching the strength of
his big frame. He put one of them up
and pushed back restlessly the thick,
dark hair that waved over his forehead.

  It was a not unhandsome head, set
too far forward on shoulders that
sagged a bit. One would know by
looking at him as he stood, that he
would walk slouchmgly and carelessly.

  “ It seems strange that she should
have gone off like this,” he went on
in a puzzled, complaining sort of
174

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

way. “ It was over so quick. Why,
she had had those spells a hundred
times before. I never knew that medi-
cine not to take right hold.

  “ The doctor said it always would,
and you know when he came at the
last he couldn’t understand. He said
he had Tfried it out on her a dozen
times—there must have been some-
thing else set in. He asked me if I
was sure she had those powders every
half hour, and I said I was—that we .
had given them to her ourselves and
that when I was out—”

  “ I left every paper under a weight'
for you to count after she had taken
the powder, you know,” interrupted
the girl.

  “ Yes, I know. Who would have
thought that she would have gone so
quick. There must have been some-
thing else—a stroke or something.”

  “ Yes,” said the girl.

  “ I wish she looked more like her-
self,” he complained. “ I can’t seem
to make it like her. Alice was a good
girl. She was only eighteen years old
when we came to live in this house.
That’s twenty-four year ago. I can’t
remember that she ever said a cross
word. I used to think she was too
quiet. Sort of reserved like, even
with me.

  “ And she has that look now. As
i f she understood something that I
didn’t. After all that look is almost
natural—for she knew more about
things than I did. She was always
thinking. She would sit and look out
on the hills there, for hours it seemed
to me, without saying a word—she
wasn’t lively company, but she was
good. God! I don’t know how I shall
get along without her. It makes an
awful hole, Mary.”

  The girl moved restlessly, her dark,
shining eyes always on the man’s face.

  “ She’s been quieter than ever the
last fews years, but she liked to hear
you chattering about. She liked to
have you do things—she was pretty
good to you, too, Mary.”

  The girl went suddenly to the open

window and barred the entrance^ of a
big heavy bumblebee, who, conscious
of the scent of hothouse flowers, had
been whirling in ever narrowing cir-
cles about the Window.

   She pulled the lace curtains together
and pinned them closely. She jerked
them a little as she did so.

  “ I’m going to have her put away
with her wedding ring on,” the man
continued. “ I had thought I’d take it
off and keep it, but I believe she’d
rather have it on. She was always
fond of me and of her home—poor
Alice.”

  Then, after a minute: “ She cared
more about the home than I ever did.
I’d have been glad to get 'about a little.
I think I’ll shut up the house now for
a while. I was thinking about it last
night. I’ll go West. I’ve always want-
ed to. I’m free now and there’s no
reason why I shouldn’t get about a
bit. I could hardly stay here. It
would be too lonesome—poor Alice—
who would have thought I should have
missed her so much and so soon.”

  “ What are you going to do with
me, John?” asked the girl.

   The man looked at her for the first
time.

  He looked unseeingly and as if he
was not noting the oval face, the soft
olive skin, over which peach bloom
color came and went as she spoke. He
looked unseeingly, and then back im-
patiently to the face of the woman in
the coffin.

  “ Well, of course, you and me
couldn’t live here together. There’s
been talk enough I guess, as it is.
You’ll have to go back to Chester. All
Alice’s things are yours. I know she’d
want you to have them. But I can’t
stay here—I’ve always wanted to go
West, anyhow.”

   “ Will you come back for me ? ” said
the girl.

  The man .frowned again. “ Oh, I
don’t know when I’ll come back,” he
said. “ I sha’n’t be tied. I’ll stay as
long as I like.”

   The color flamed into the girl’s face.
BESIDE HIS WIFE.

175

She crumpled in her hands the folds
of the lace drape at her side.

  “ Then you didn’t mean all the
things you said ? ” she asked.

  “ Sh-h-h-h,” cried the man in a
'sibilant whisper.

   “ She isn’t hearing,” with a scorn-
'ful laugh, while anger blazed in her
eyes. “ Then you didn’t mean what
you said, John, about loving me and
what we could do and how we could
be together if it wasn’t for her—you
didn’t mean it, then ? ”

  “ Hush,” repeated the man. “ Don’t
you know better than to talk about such
things here ? ”

  “What difference does it make?”
cried the girl fiercely. “ I know. You’re
afraid of her. You always were afraid
of her. You were afraid of her living
and you’re afraid of her dead. I’m
not.”

  She rapped fiercely on the edge of
the coffin. “ He loves me the best. He
says so. He has, ever since I’ve been
here. I’m not afraid of you. Pouf,”
and she snapped her fingers.

   The man seized her hands roughly.

  “ You go out of here if you can’t
behave yourself,” he said.

   Then the tears came.

   “ Ah, John,” she cried, clinging to
his hands. “You make me crazy
when you seem not to care. I can’t
bear that you should look at her all the
time, and not at me. You know what
we’ve been to each other.

  “ You know I’ve done everything
you asked—because you said you loved
me. I’ve taken chances and chances to
be with you, because you wanted me.
No, I won’t hush. She’s no better
dead than she was alive, and you didn’t
care for her then—you’ve said so a
hundred times.

   “ You’ve said, that if she was only
out of the way—you swore you loved
me—I tell you, I won’t hush—you said
those things a plenty while she was
alive. And you were clever enough
making plans to get with me alone—
and now you talk—” The girl broke
into wild weeping and wailing.

  The door opened cautiously, and the
sleek head of the obsequious Mr. Pick
protruded.

  There was curiosity i rampant in
every feature. But he saw only the
husband standing stiffly by the side of
his wife, and the girl, who had been a
member of the family, sobbing aloud
over the loss of her friend and her
home. It looked like any other scene
in any other house at such times. The
flame of slowly burning gossip could
not be fed by it. He closed the door
again gently.

  The man smothered a hard word,
but he reached out and touched her
shoulder not ungently.

  “ Go on up-stairs. We’ll talk about
this later. This is no time and no
place. Go on up-stairs, Mary. Be
reasonable. You mus’n’t carry on like
this here. Go on.”

  “ You come, too, then,” sobbed the
girl. “ Oh, John, you come, too. I’m
so unhappy. You don’t want me to be
that. You always said I was made to
be happy, because I was sweet—you’ve
said a thousand times that I was sweet,
John.”

  She had moved close to him and
raised to him her face, that was like
a flower. She slipped one hand up his
arm, over his shoulder and tucked her
fingers over the edge of his collar,
against his neck—a baby trick of hers
that he knew.

  “ You are sweet,” he said slowly.

  The smile, that began about her
mouth and spread into her shining
eyes, was radiant.

  “ Say it again,” she whispered, and
she stood on tiptoe, that her lips might
almost touch his. “ Say again that I
am sweet. That was your first love
word to me, dearest. Say it again.”

  She was so close that he felt the soft
thump of her heart against him. He
looked down into the alluring curves of
her neck and shoulders—he quivered
at the touch o'f her fingers in his neck,
and bent his face to meet hers.

  She flung herself upon him. She
snuggled into his arms with little mur-
176

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

murs—she trailed the soft moisture of
her lips over his cheeks, until he smiled
—and then, in a sudden, he threw her
from him, and recoiled.

  “ My God, Mary, she is smiling,” he
cried in choking whisper; “ see her.
Oh, my God! ”

  The girl turned upon him—

  “ Coward,” she said, and in the
word, standing alone, there was the red
fury of rage that could kill.

  The man saw it, and it touched a
something responsive in him.

  “ Now, you’ve done enough,” he
said; “go out of here. Your being
here is an insult. I’ll have nothing
more from you. You are bad clear
through—you are like your mother.”

  “ Don’t you talk to me about my
mother,” fired the girl. “ She had
blood in her veins—she knew how to
live—and I hope I’m like her. Throw
me off if you like. I don’t care. But
your devotion to her is a little late.
Too bad you couldn’t have had it
earlier.”

  She wrenched open the door and
took a straight line roughly through
those who were waiting there. Her
feet barely touched the stairs in her
swift ascent.

  The watchers, through the open
door, saw John Darst draw a camp
chair from the military line of them,
and sit heavily down.

  It was long after dark that night
when the girl sped along the path from
the house. She had come out by the
back door, hearing, as she tiptoed
through the kitchen, the low voices of
the watchers in the living room. She
had finished the tasks for the night.

  On the kitchen table were the cov-
ered plates, containing the sandwiches
and cakes that would be eaten for the
midnight lunch by the neighbors who
were sitting in the dim light near the
open door into the perfumed parlor.

  The coffee was in the pot, ready to
go on the gasoline stove. It was not
strange that the girl should have come
down into the kitchen after she had
gone up to bed, but she moved stealthily

and slipped out the door like a slim
shadow.

  Down the path, like a shadow, she
went, and under the thick orchard trees
to the edge of the cliff.

  There was a clump of lilac bushes
growing close to the edge. They had
been there so many years that they
were almost like trees in their size and
strength. The sprouts had. spread until
there was a small jungle of foliage, and
beyond this, just at the edge, was the
roughly put together bench that John
had made one day, and had whispered
to her jji the hall to go out and see.

  Alice had not cared for that part of
the yard. She had been afraid of the
cliff, and the dashing of the waves of
the lake below had seemed cruel to her,
she had said.

  It was to the cliff that the girl went.
Her lovely face was swollen with
weeping. Her wonderful hair was
loose, and she wore the same little
gingham frock that she had had on all
day. She unbuttoned the front of the
frock fiercely as she ran.

  She took from her bosom a closely
tied up handkerchief.

  She held this in her hand as she sat
for a minute on the edge of the bench.
The waves were lapping softly, there
were moonlight beams through the
trees, there was the soft sighing of the
wind as it rounded the bank of foliage
and came to her.

  Almost she smiled and lifted her
head to listen for cautious steps—such
a replica was the night of many others
she had spent there. Then she recalled
that John was sitting in the dim light
in the front room—that he had sat
there all day.

  The rage of the morning had not
died. It seared and distorted her face.
She beat her shut hands on the rough
wood of the bench, and her lips drew
back from her small teeth as the gusts
of passion came and went.

  There was fear, too—a fear that
made her clutch her throat, even as
she laughed scornfully.

  “ Fancy me being nervous. Fancy
A PERSONAL PROBLEM.

17T

me being afraid. I was not born a
coward—some people were.”

  She untied the corners of the
handkerchief she had taken from her
dress. But her hands shook, and she
glanced over her shoulder and listened.

  ' “ .Why do I hear things every-
where ? ” she asked aloud. “ I’m not

afraid. I knew what I was doing and
I really haven’t done anything. She
would have died anyhow. It was a
stroke, or something.”

  Then she shook out the handker-
chief, and from it there drifted down
a small cloud of fine white powder that
lost itself in the water of the lake.

ll.Bedford-J

ones

A"

tLL the island’s up at the com-
missioner's to-night —• he al-
ways gets a bale of ice up
from Auckland on steamer day. You
were surprised to find me here, eh ? ”
“ So-so.” The fat man wiped his
face and poured another drink. “You’re
a damned ironic brute, Cranshaw!
How was I to know that the John
Smith, our Raratonga agent, was your-
self? You have nerve. I always said
you had nerve.”

  The long, lean man looked across the
table, inspecting his guest curiously.
He had looked forward to the coming
of the^firm’s junior partner, but Hob-
son did not know it.

  His thin lips crisped ironically as he
squirted soda into his glass.

  “ Well, what are you going to do
about it? * Come, Hobson, let’s not
mince words. You had me driven out
12 a-s C

of Auckland; you took over my stock
in the company; you married Agnes,
and you’ve grown fat. I fancy you’re
punished enough—you needn’t look at
me like that, man! Avarua is good
enough for me.”

  Hobson was indubitably nervous.
He had shaven before coming ashore,
but his fat jowl was dusky again. He
perspired freely, and as he mopped his
face he shot uneasy glances at the
other man from deep-set black eyes.

  An overlarge diamond flashed on
his fat hand, and another glittered in
his tie.

  “ You’re a sly dog, Cranshaw, a sly
dog,” he muttered, then his voice took
on vigor. “ What do you mean, any-
way? You needn’t think that because
your bally bungalow- is out here at the
edge of town you can threaten me. I
won’t stand for it. I’ll discharge you—*
178

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

I’ll show you up before the commis-
sioner—”

  “ Hold on, man! Great Heavens,
don’t you see that I’m in your power ? ”
Cranshaw leaned over the table, his
face anxious, pleading.

  But behind the anxiety in his gray
eyes there was a'hard coldness, quickly
veiled.

  “ I’m not theatening you, Hobson—
it’s the other way around. I’m satis-
fied, here in Avarua; I’m the com-
pany’s agent, no one knows who I
used to be, I’ve a good salary. Come,
don't bear malice! The old life is for-
gotten, so let the dead bury their dead.
Don’t be hard on me, old man! I know
you didn’t treat me square, but you
married Agnes—I was beaten, and
that’s an end to it. Now I’m contented
and prospering here. You won’t give
me away, will you? You won’t dis-
charge me, send me down into hell a
second time ? ”

  Hobson took a cheroot from the
table and lit it. His flash of appre-
hension had vanished altogether.

  “ No,” he returned slowly, judi-
cially. As he was inspecting the
diamond on his finger he did not
notice the hard gray eyes across the
table. “ No, Cranshaw. I didn’t treat
you right, I’ll admit, but bygones are
bygones. As you say, you’re in my
power. I never quite believed you
stole that money myself.”

  A burst of terrible irony ripped
through the mask of Cranshaw’s lean
face, but it was gone instantly.

  Hobson glanced up with compla-
cent, cunning frankness.

  “ I misunderstood you, I guess,” he
went on heavily. “To tell the truth,
I half expected you had got me here
to—to—99

  He paused, licking his lips. Cran-
shaw broke out into a loud, ringing
laugh.

  “Nonsense, man! Come, drink up
and shake hands on it all—if you bear
no malice we’ll cry quits, eh? No,
things have turned out for the best,
far as I’m concerned. And so you’ll

not bear hard on me, old man? You’ll
just forget who I used to be? ”

  Hobson’s little leering eyes cleared
of their suspicion and something very
like a sigh of relief shook his fat chest.
Their glasses clinked together.

  “ Here’s hOw! ”

  The personal problem, it seemed,
was closed finally and forever.

  There followed an hour of labor
over the table, since it was the junior
partner’s first “ whirl around the cir-
cuit ” of the islands; previously he had
lived a cunning and contented existence
in Auckland, far from savages and
resident commissioners.

  Cranshaw, however, had looked
forward to his coming for some little
time.

  “ You’d better stay ashore for the
night,” stated the resident agent, when
the reports had been cleared up and
balanced properly. “ There’s quite a
surf running, and it’ll be hard to get
a whale boat, since all the natives are
feasting. Steamer day’s a great occa-
sion here, you know.”

  “ I’m not fond of insects,” and as
Hobson reached for the siphon his
eyes flitted around uneasily. “ I’ve
heard stories about these islands.”

  “ You look apoplectic, too,” mused
Cranshaw. For an instant that odd,
bitterly cruel light shot through his
gray eyes. “ Nonsense, man! That’s
all talk. Of course, there are a few
cockroaches and such, but there’s
nothing dangerous. Absolutely no
scorpions, and the centipeds don’t kill.
That’s all talk. See here. I’ve two
cots laid up in my sleeping-room—
finest mosquito curtains in the island.
Better stop, and it’ll save coming
ashore in the morning.”

  Hobson glanced through the door
that his host flung open, and the sight
of the wide, clean sleeping-room with
its two draped beds evidently decided
him.

  “ All right,” he nodded.

  “ Better finish this bottle,” sug-
gested Granshaw easily. He himself
drank little.
A PERSONAL PROBLEM.

179

  “ Come o,ut to the steamer to-mor-
row,” said Hobson, a half hour later,
as they rose. “ I’d like to show you—
show you Agnes’s picture — an’ the
baby’s.”

  “ Thanks,” returned Cranshaw.

  But his long, lean face seemed to
quiver a trifle, and as he ushered his
guest into the sleeping-room his gray
eyes were baleful. That speech had
been sheer venom, for Hobson was not
drunk; he had merely forgotten for
the moment his intense fear of
Cranshaw.

  Once ensconced with their mosquito
curtains, the two men exchanged a few
words before dropping off to sleep,
then the darkness was broken only by
the rasping snore of Hobson.

  Curiously enough, Cranshaw’s
breathing seemed hardly audible.

  For Avarua, the night was a cool
one. The bungalow was at the edge of
town, and the roar of the surf thun-
dered dully from the outer reefs in
unbroken cadences.

  Suddenly, and without the slightest
warning, a horrible scream echoed out
from the veranda—shrilled up and
off, and seemed to die softly in the
distance.

  “ My God!. ” Hobson’s voice rang
out. “What’s that?”

  “ Mor kiri-kiri,” returned Cranshaw
sleepily.

  “What’s that?”

  “ A flying fox—for heaven’s -sake
shut up and go to sleep! ”

  Cranshaw did not sleep himself,
however, for he lay motionless with
his hand on an electric torch, and
chuckled slightly as he listened to the
irregular, panting breathing of the
other man.

  Slowly through the surf-mutter
there pierced other sounds—slight,
thin, bird-like sounds, as though in-
numerable watches were ticking in the
room. Hobson’s breathing sounded
rather flurried, and Cranshaw’s thin
lips parted in a grim smile as he stared
up into the darkness.

  Peculiar though the ticking sounds

were, they were presently overborne by
a still more peculiar sound—one which
no human brain could define, without
experience.

  It was a ghostly tapping, tapping,
tapping that seemed to come from the
floor; a clicking, irregular, n\etallic
tapping. It seased with uncanny sud-
denness. •	\

  “ I say, are you awake? ”

  Hobson’s voice ' sounded stifled,
hoarse.

  “ Cranshaw! Wake up! ”

  “Eh? What’s the matter?”
Cranshaw spoke very sleepily, and
smiled to himself.

  “ There’s something on my cur-
tains ! ”

  “ Shake it off and go to sleep.”

  A soft flurry of mosquito curtains,
a subdued crash, and then a scuttling
and tapping that once more ended
abruptly. A gasp from Hobson.

  “I say, the bally thing’s back!” he
cried. “ For God’s sake help me out,
Cranshaw! ”

  “ It’s only a hermit crab wandered
in, you fool. Wait—now1 take a look
and give him a good fling off.”

  Cranshaw's arm protruded from his
curtains, and he snapped the electric
torch. He hadmo need where to look,
for he had been expecting this visit
from the junior partner for some time.

  Hobson gripped his curtains in des-
perate haste and again shook off the
thing that was climbing. He looked
out, saw the hideous, bristly object
clatter away on its spider-legs, and
fell back with a subdued groan.

  “ Damn this place! ”

  Again silence and darkness fell
upon the room,, and again the noises
of the night slowly seeped through the
surf-thunder.

  Outside the veranda the crabs were
scuttling and clicking and rustling,
scavenging with resistless vigor and
great enthusiasm. A thin, far burst of
song came from the government ac-
commodation house, where the bulk
of the steamer’s passengers were
gathered in jovial celebration.
180

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

  Then through all the muffled night
there again began to pierce that in-
sistent watch-like ticking. Not as of
one watch, but as of a thousand it was,
steady and irregular and very thin.
Occasionally a quite distinct crunch
would echo through, as though some
one had stepped on a beetle; only
there was no one to step.

  Once or twice there came a soft
“ flop ” on the floor; whatever had
fallen must Have fallen from the ceil-
ing.

  The sounds were not exactly pleas-
ant, especially to a fevered imagina-
tion. They might mean anything from
ghosts to dragons.

  And over all, slurring the staccato
harmony of the ticking, was an almost
inaudible soft scurrying—like innum-
erable feathers or hairy legs running
about.

  It was a weird symphony, a sym-
phony of lesser noises, of louder si-
lences, a symphony whose eldritch
orchestration produced hideousness.

  There was no discord. Over the
crescendo and diminuendo of the tick-
ing swept that soft horror of nearly
inaudible sound, shot through by the
louder crunches; there were other
sounds also that could not be defined
by human ears, but all blended into a
terrible harmony, the more terrible
because produced by darkness and rife
with suggestion.

  “ I say, old man,” Hobson’s voice
rose in a thick discord that ruined the
symphonic whispers utterly, “ what’s
all this bally rustling, eh ? ”

  Cranshaw waited a little, smiling
into the blackness, inscrutable'

  “ I say, Cranshaw! Let’s have a
drink, old man! ”

  “You ’wake again?” Cranshaw’s
voice bubbled out sleepily. “ What’s
the matter ? ”

  “ I want a drink, that’s all,” came
the half-shamed answer.

  “ No more whisky in the house—
we finished up the last of it to-night.
Go to sleep and quit your infernal
nonsense.”

  “ You’re sure there’re no poisonous
things around ? ”

  Cranshaw did not answer. The
other repeated the question, his voice
beginning insensibly to climb with the
last words.

  This time Cranshaw replied, but
took no immediate heed of the ques-
tion itself.

  “ Say, Hobson, I’ve just been think-
ing about something. You remember
that mess I got into down at Aukland ?
I heard the other day that it was you
who stole that money yourself. That’s
true, isn’t it ? ”

  The other held silence for a mo-
ment, until the ghastly symphony
protruded into his brain.

  “ I—I wanted Agnes,” came the
hoarse words.

  Cranshaw smiled to himself.

  “ Thank God you got her, Hobson
—since she wanted money, it seems.
By the way, you were quite right in
thinking that I got you here to-night
in order to pay you out.”

  “ Eh? What’s that?”

  Hobson’s voice leaped from the
darkness, vivid with a horrible fear,
pulsating and lingering under the roof
weirdly.

  Cranshaw spoke after a moment;
his words were cold and sharp and
quite impersonal.

  “ Hobson, you were a fool to im-
agine that I would ever forget or for-
give. You had me snared for your
own crime; you broke me; you got the
girl I wanted; you became the junior
partner in my place. I became John
Smith, came to Raratonga, settled here
and waited. I knew you would come
sooner or later.”

  He paused, smiling inscrutably at
the darkness.

  Hobson was breathing stertorously,
and there was another and queerer
sound—like a fat man licking his lips
in fear. The darkness intensified
everything.

  “ I was in two minds, Hobson. I
had a notion to take you out to the
reefs for a swim. You don’t know it,
A PERSONAL PROBLEM.

181

but there are interesting things out
there in the warm water—bubbly eels,
spiny leper-fishes with every spine
deadly poison, sting-rays, devil-fish,
plenty, plenty snake and shark. But I
decided against that, for I knew you
had imagination. So I brought you
here instead.”

  Cranshaw still smiled into the black-
ness above him, lying motionless as he
talked. He had no need to switch on
the light to guess at the shaking
mosquito curtains of the other bed, the
pasty-faced man who clutched at them,
the horrible fascination with which
Hobson followed his every word.

  “ Now, my dear fellow,” he went
on, his voice acridly smooth, “ I want
you to take a little look around.
Then—”

  “ For God’s sake, Cranshaw! ” burst
forth the frenzied tones of the other
man, shrill and smitten with hysteria.
“ I’ll give up everything—I’ll sign a
confession and give you Agnes—I’ll
make it all right if you—”

 “Shut your mouth—and look!”
snapped Cranshaw, and the words
fairly crackled through the room as he
shoved his arm and swept the place
with light.

  The light was blinding, merciless,
leaving every inch of the room clean-
cut and distinct, dislosing the whole
fearful secret of the hidden orchestra-*
tion.

  About the floor and walls and ceil-
ing were poised cockroaches—South
Sea cockroaches, as large as mice or
larger, with great waving feather-
feelers. They flitted hither and
thither by the hundred—moving mass-
es of hideousness, making as they
went that ticking which furnished
forth the body of the night’s sym-
phony.

  And here and there, flashing away
from the light more quickly than the
light could follow, or flopping from
ceiling to floor as the light swept up,
were things that looked like sausages.
Only when they moved, when the fear-
some hidden red legs flashed out in all

their horror, could one recognize
centipeds.

  Yet these were not the most horrible
nor the swiftest.

  For heedless of the light, the occa-
sional crunches swept up above the
body of the symphony as the electric
ray disclosed the hordes of cock-
roaches to their enemies. Great brown
shapes darted here and there, back and
forth, by the dozen; huge brown hairy
things as large as a plate—hunting
spiders—leaping on their pray, crunch-
ing once, and leaping forward anew.

  The room was a wriggling horror
in that moment, and when Cranshaw
clicked off the light that triumphant
“ crunch — crunch — crunch! ” was
rising in a finale that drowned out the
rest of the symphony—and shattered
suddenly at his voice.

  “ Better not step out on the floor,
Hobson — I saw a couple of those
spiders on your curtains. I’ll take my
chances, but you’ll stay here. If they
get under your curtains you’re gone,
remember—any one of those things
means certain death. As I say, I’ll take
my chances, because I’m going to leave
you here.”

  He calmly threw aside his curtains,
reached out for his slippers, dumped
the wriggling things out of them, and
rose. Seizing a spray at hand, he sent
a shower of boracic acid over the floor
and calmly went to the door.

  There he paused, with a cold laugh,
to listen to the frenzied cries and
promises and curses and prayers of the
man who dared not leave his cot—and
with that Cranshaw slammed the door,
“ Damned coward! ” he muttered,
opening the tantalus on the veranda
and pouring himself a drink. “ He’ll
be fool enough to believe me, and be
afraid to try rushing from the room—
the damned coward! And precisely at
two o’clock apoplexy or heart-failure
will take him off, and Agnes collects
the insurance. Well, I’m satisfied to
call quits.”

  And the soda shot hissing into the
glass.
8j

BRADLEY HAMM had no use
for a mollycoddle. One didn’t
need to be told that after a
glance at the powerful frame, the
pugnacious bald head and chin, the
prominent, uneven teeth that rimmed
his capacious smile, the big-jointed,
full - bearded hands, the ungainly
slouch, and the baggy appearance of
the well-worn gray business suit that
looked as if it had been cut with a
knife and fork.

  His success had been attained in
the school of hard knocks. The very
nature of his business—he was the
owner of the extensive brick-yards
on the outskirts of Clintondale—went
a long way toward explaining the
absence of velvet in his make-up.

  At the same time, he was honest,
companionable, and generous—charac-
teristics which prompted his neighbors
to overlook his lack of polish.

  With these facts in mind, it is
easier to understand the anguish with
which he faced the probability that
within the hour he would be called

J. A. Fitzgerald

upon to decide whether he wanted
Ferdy Rollins for a son-in-law. It
was a decision fraught with the great-
est importance to the Hamm family—
father and daughter.

  “Yes” would make his pretty
daughter Virginia the happiest girl in
the world; it would make him corre-
spondingly unhappy.

  Now, Ferdy was not a mollycoddle
in the strict sense of the word; but he
came too near qualifying for that
classification to suit the rough-and-
ready brickmaker.

  Hamm liked him well enough—but
not as a relative. He conceded his up-
right character and ability to provide
for his daughter and all that. But he
' deplored his lack of aggressiveness,
his gentle manner, his willingness to
compromise, his fondness for croquet,
dominoes, and other debrutalized pas-
times, his highly perfumed and im-
maculate appearance on all occasions.
Ferdy’s pink-and-white beauty jarred
him more than anything with the ex-
ception of his wrist watch.
'A HARD MAN TO HIT.

183

  These were his disturbing thoughts
as he paced up and down the smoking-
room of his comfortable home. ' For
some time he had realized that the ro-
mance was nearing its climax; but he
had clung to the hope that there might
be some way of postponing what he
regarded as a calamity.

  “No two ways about it,” he reflect-
ed; “ Ferdy’s not the type of man
that can stand punishment of any
kind. If he met with reverses he’d
wilt like a morning-glory in cold
storage. If anything should happen to
me he’d have to look after -my busi-
ness.” The mere thought of such a
contingency started him chuckling.
“ I’ve got a bird’s-eye view of him
trying to run those brickyards,” he
went on. “ What those mud-handlers
would do to him would be a crime.”

  Further reflection was interrupted
by the entrance of a servant with the
announcement that the expected vis-
itor was at the door. >

  “ Send him along,” ordered the boss
of the house.

  He took a last, deep, desperate
breath, flung himself into a leather
armchair, and crossed his legs.

  He was a study in wrinkles. A
mischievous smile flashed across his
face as he heard Virginia and Ferdy
whispering in the hall below. He lit
his blackest cigar and began puffing
for all he was worth.

  The highly nervous visitor stepped
into the room and was confronted by
what appeared to be a heap of smol-
dering rags.

  “Hello, Ferdy!” came from the
center of the conflagration. A huge
hand appeared through the volume of
smoke.

  “ Goodness gracious, why—” Ferdy
got such a fit of coughing he couldn’t
finish the sentence. Hamm suggested
that he had a cold; but he couldn’t re-
ply. The brickmaker was glad that
the smoke hid his joyous expression.

  Ferdy got permission to open a
window, and then, between coughs,
managed to gasp that the tobacco

habit was ..abominable—more evidence
that he would not make a desirable
addition to the Hamm family.

  The smoke lifted sufficiently to en-
able him to glimpse the wrinkled
object in the armchair. He shuddered
imperceptibly and averted his gaze.

  “ I—I suppose you like to take it
easy when you get home,” he said
presently.

  Hamm said he was always glad
when the whistle blew. “ We all work
hard down there from—”

  “ And it’s such a terrible smelly old
place,” interposed Ferdy, a look of
horror in his big, blue eyes. “ Won-
der to me you don’t chuck it and enjoy
yourself. You’ve got all the money
you will ever need.”

  It was all that Hamm could do to
keep from telling him a few plain
truths about himself right then and
there; but he managed to reply with
outward calmness that he liked the
work and intended remaining in har-
ness while he had his health.

  Inwardly he was saying: “ So this
is the guy that I’m about to have
wished on me! Smelly old place!
Huh!”

  Through the corner of his eye he
caught Ferdy fussing with his wing
collar; an audible gulp made it plain
that the big question was already
passing through his esophagus.

  “ I suppose you know why I wanted
to talk with you,” Ferdy blurted right
out.

  Hamm guessed it was about the big
fight in Madison Square Garden the
night before, and immediately launched
into a eulogy of the principals. “ I’d
have given anything to have—”

  “ Mr. Hamm! ” came the indignant
exclamation. “ That’s the worst guess
you ever made in your life. You
know you never heard me discuss
prize-fights or vulgar things of that
sort.”

  The brick merchant protested that
every one was discussing it. “ The
papers carried columns about it,” he
declared.
184

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

  Ferdy retorted that the newspapers
paid too much attention to such dis-
graceful .proceedings. Hamm, tickled
with the temporary delay gained by his
ruse, disagreed with him. “ The cour-
age displayed by the loser—” he
started to say.'

  “ Courage, fiddlesticks! ” came the
scornful interruption.

  “ Yes, courage. I can just see you
taking three or four smashes in the
face when you had a chance to stay
down and escape punishment. Not
only you, but myself, for that matter.”
“ You needn’t worry about what
I’d do,” Ferdy said hotly. “ I’d stay
there and take my medicine. I’ve got
just as much courage as the next
man.”

  His under lip quivered slightly as
he said this; but he looked his host
squarely in the eye.

  His show of spirit astonished the
burly brickmaker. It tickled him to
see that Ferdy was getting angrier
every minute.

  “ I don’t doubt your courage, but—”
“ Yes, you do, Mr. Hamm. You
know you do; and I know you do.
I’m no fool. I know that you would
think a whole lot more of me if I was
a rough-neck.”

  His shrewd guess threw Hamm off
his balance. The latter could scarcely
believe his ears.

  “ Prize-fighters! Bah! ” Ferdy re-
sumed with a sneer. “ I -don’t call it
courage to take a few smashes in the
face when you know you are going to
get four or five thousand dollars for
doing it. I call that high finance.”
Hamm said it was all very well to.
talk that way, but that it took a lot
of pluck to stand up before a crowd
and take a walloping.

  Ferdy took a step closer and, in a
voice shaking with suppressed emo-
tion, said:

  “ I tell you what I’ll do, Mr. Hamm.
In order to prove my courage and back
up the statements I have just made,
I’ll go in the ring with any man you
care to pick out, and I don’t care how

big or how clever he is. I’ll probably;
get my head knocked off; but I’ll show
you that I’m not the sissy that you
have takgn me to be. I—”

  “ Ferdy! ” came in reproachful
terms.

  “ You know that I’ve guessed right,.
Mr. Hamm.”

  The latter regarded him with amaze-
ment. To say that he was overjoyed
at Ferdy’s willingness to fight doesn’t
describe his feelings.

  Ferdy’s appearance in a prize-ring,
even if he never lifted his hands, even
if he appeared alone, would have been
sufficient to cause him to revise his
estimate of him.

  It occurred to him that it might not
be a bad idea to call Ferdy’s bluff. He
went about it diplomatically.

  “ The idea of your taking part in a
scrap is absurd,” he ventured with an
irritating laugh.

  “Is it? Well, I’m ready to, show
you.”

  Hamm hastened to regret that
Ferdy had misunderstood him. “ I
wasn’t questioning your courage when
I said that,” he lied cheerfully. “ The
absurdity I had in mind was the idea
of such a well-bred young fellow as
you mixing up in any such game. Sup-
pose you should get hurt? ”

  “ I expect to be,” was the brave
reply.

  Hamm pretended to be horrified at
this declaration. “ Then you insist
on—”

  “ Meeting any man that you care to
pick,” Ferdy put in. “ Prize-fighting
has not been in my line, but as that
seems to be your idea of courage I’m
going to show you that professional
pugilists haven’t got a monopoly of it.”

  The readiness with which Ferdy
had walked into the trap tickled Hamm
all over. He had hard work to keep
from laughing.

  “ All right,” he acquiesced, with a
great show of reluctance. “ But if
anything happens, don’t forget you’re
the one that suggested the bout.”

  “ I know it. I’ll take full responsi-
A' HARD MAN TO HIT.

185

bility. And, remember, I do,n’t care if
my opponent is as big as Grant’s
Tomb.”

   It was agreed that the contest should
take place at the Clintondale Country
Club on a Saturday afternoon within
the month, if Hamm could obtain an
opponent for Ferdy by that time. The
brickmaker was laughing inwardly at
his success in diverting the young
man’s thoughts from the interview
that he had in mind.

  But as Ferdy was leaving he said:
“ Until I can prove to your entire
satisfaction that I am not a milksop
I will refrain from broaching the sub-
ject that brought me here to-night.”

II.

  Ferdy’s voice rang with defiance as
he made this last statement. But he
had not taken half a dozen steps along
the hall before it dawned upon him
that he had been exceedingly rash;
that he had booked himself for a
beating at the hands of some expert
face-destroyer.

  His courage had slipped back to its
normal place before he reached the
bottom of the stairway. By the time
he reached the street door he was
kicking himself for having allowed his
tongue to jeopardize- his good looks.

  For Ferdy was extremely proud of
his face. So much so that he had
hard work to keep from cheering
when he looked in the mirror.

  If he could have been assured that
his opponent would confine his execu-
tion to the body he would have felt a
great deal easier.

  Such ring encounters as he could
recall offhand did not offer much con-
solation in that direction. Invariably
these contests had ended with “ pow-
erful right-hand swing to the jaw ” or
“ crushing blow behind the ear.”

   In his terror he could feel the steady
thud of fists against his delicately
tinted profile; unconsciously he placed
his hand on his head, expecting to
find his nose up there.

  Virginia, eyes and cheeks aglow
with anticipation, met him in the path-
way leading to the house. She ex-
tended both hands. He muffed them.

  Her quick eye noted his agitated
condition. She asked him if her
father had given his consent.

  He didn’t hear her. He was think-
ing of liniment, court-plaster, splints,
dermatologists, and such unromantic
things.

  After she had urged him repeatedly
to relieve her suspense he said in a
shaking voice:

  a< I did not ask him. We — we
talked of something else.”

  Her face took on a puzzled expres-
sion. She knew that he had requested
the interview for that purpose.

  “ You didn’t ask him? ” she queried
doubtingly.

  He said he hadn’t; that he hadn’t
got that far. Then, with her amaze-
ment increasing at every word, he told
her all that had occurred; of his de-
termination to enter the ring to prove
his courage.

  “ Ferdinand Rollins! ” she gasped
when he had finished. “ Have you
gone crazy? ”

  She had hit the nail on the head,
he thought. He had been temporarily
deranged when he made the rash bar-
gain.

  “ I felt that I had to do something
of the sort, Virgie,” he protested.
“ I’ve had a feeling all along that your
father believed me to be lacking in
nerve. It was for you—”

  “ For me! ” she interrupted. “ I—I
don’t believe it. If you really loved
me you wouldn’t want to get beaten to
a jelly. If you were bent on doing
something for me you might have
chosen something besides suicide. Oh,
my poor Ferdy, I know—”

  “Virginia!” he remonstrated. Her
predictions were anything but sooth-
ing under the circumstances.

  She burst into tears. She patted
his soft, chubby hands and said she
couldn’t bear to think of their being
incased in clumsy boxing-gloves.
186

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY,

   “ You’re not very cheerful,” he
 complained.

   “ Pity I wouldn’t be with the pros-
 pect of your coming back to me with-
 out any teeth and two black eyes and
 your ears cn casscrole and—”

   He clapped his hand over her mouth
 to shut off the rest of her pleasant
 prophecy. The fear that he might ac-
 quire an illustrated optic — perhaps a
 complete set — had occurred to him;
 but the possibility of being separated
 from his teeth was a contingency he
 had overlooked.

   The mere thought of parting with
 one of his pearls threw him in a panic.
 He experienced a sinking sensation in
 the vicinity of the rathskeller.

   He tried to wiggle his toes. He
 couldn’t. They were frozen stiff. The
 frappeing process had reached his
 knees—and was spreading.

   Her. attitude indicated only too
 plainly that in her opinion he had al-
 ready passed away. Tearfully she
 bade him good night and went in
 search of her father.

   The latter told her all that had
 taken place, forgetting, however, to
 supply the motive which had prompted
 him to broach the subject' of prize-
 fighting.

   He didn’t fool her. She said she
 guessed that he didn’t try very hard
 to dissuade Eerdy; she intimated that
 he was satisfied with the way things
 had turned out.

   Her intuition forced him to take
 the defensive.

    “ I’ll tell you frankly, Virginia,” he
 said. “ Ferdy is not the type of man
 I prefer. He hasn't got enough red
 blood to suit me.”

   “ And you’re going to assist him in
 losing the little bit he has,” she came
 back quickly. “ I’ll admit that he pre-
 fers his meat cooked. But that doesn’t
 appeal to you. You're a man of strong
 tastes. You won’t be happy until you
 . see the poor boy with early closing
 signs on .both eyes. If anything hap-
 pens to him you’ll never forgive your-
 self.”

  Her voice broke as she said this.
Before he could make further com-
ment she swept from the room.

  He felt a bit guilty for permitting
her to go without the assurance that
Ferdy was in no danger, because he
had made up his mind that no harm
should come to him. As a matter of
fact, he thought more of his would-be
son - in - law right then than ever be-
fore.

  On the way to the brickyard the
next morning he took Barney, his
chauffeur, into his confidence, telling
him about the proposed match and the
plan he had in mind.

  “ I want you to run down to New
York to-day,” he said, “and see if
you can engage the services of some
old, broken - down fighter. Be sure
and get a lightweight, the thinner the
better; one who’s hard to hit, but who,
if he is hit, will not have the strength
to hurt Ferdy. I don’t want to take
a single chance on the boy’s being in-
jured. I'll be perfectly satisfied if he
shows pluck enough even to enter the
ring. Do you get me?”

  “With one hand tied behind my
back,” was . Barney’s confident reply.
He knew New York backward. “ East
Fourteenth Street, near the Bowery,
is thick with old has - beens of the
prize-ring. How much will I offer ? ”
“ Could we get one for one hundred
dollars ? ”

  “What?” cried the chauffeur. “I
could get a train-load for that stake.”
“ Be sure the fellow is hard to hit,”
were Hamm’s last instructions as Bar-
ney boarded the train. “ You see, if
he has a good defense Ferdy will not
be able to land a blow that might
cause him to lose his temper.

  “ I’ve decided to stage the bout two
weeks from next Saturday at three
o’clock in the afternoon. The man
you engage needn’t come down until
the day before. Tell him to phone me
at the yard at my expense if anything
occurs to prevent his making the
journey.

  “And while I think of it, Barney,
A HARD MAN TO HIT.

187

you take charge of Ferdy’s training
and give him the impression that we
have engaged a real fighter. As noth-
ing can possibly happen to him, we
may as well have a little fun at his
expense.”

  Barney was back in Hamm’s office
before the whistle blew that evening.
His beaming countenance told his em-
ployer that he had been successful.

  “ I’ve got the guy you had in mind,”
the chauffeur began enthusiastically.
“ He's chasing middle age, is as thin
as a rail, and gentle as a lamb. On
top of that, he’s got the reputation of
being the hardest man in the world
to hit; but he couldn’t put a dent in a
chocolate eclair.”

  “ Good! ” exclaimed Hamm. “ You
are sure he’s hard to hit? ”

  Barney said that every one had as-
sured him that the fellow was in a
class by himself in this respect. The
boss handed him a substantial tip.

  “ Oh, by the way,” he added, “ did
you get his name ? ”

  “ They call him ‘ the Professor,’ ”
said Barney. “ I didn’t worry about
finding out his real name.”

  Hamm said it didn’t matter.

  “ Some old hulk who picks up a few
pennies giving boxing lessons, I sup-
pose,” he observed.

III.

  Clintondale was considerably
rocked by the announcement that
Ferdy Rollins, the town’s most fa-
mous piece of bric-a-brac, had agreed
to expose his classic countenance to
the tender mercies of a professional
pugilist.

  Ferdy’s insistence that the idea
originated with him did not gain much
credence. The knowing ones, aware
of the disfavor with which Hamm
viewed Ferdy’s attempt to break into
the family, guessed that the brickma-
ker had deliberately planned the dis-
cussion which led to the making of
the match.

  In common with Hamm, the men of

the town had never been madly infat-
uated with Ferdy. They laughed im-
moderately when they heard the news.
Some of them were uncharitable
enough to say that there was nothing
Ferdy needed so much as a good
smash on the nose.

  The women thought differently;
said the contest should be stopped.

  Most of this comment reached Fer-
dy’s ears. It didn’t make him feel
any better. Not that he could have
felt much worse.

  Fifteen or twenty times a day, dur-
ing the training stunts, Barney would
manage to let him know that his op-
ponent was extremely large; that he
could hit like a pile-driver, after which
Ferdy would steal away and look in
the mirror, first with one eye closed,
then with the other, then with both
ears pulled in and his mouth twisted
to one side.

  He was trying to get accustomed to
the way he fully expected to look a
few minutes after three on the after-
noon of the battle.

  Virginia helped to raise his spirits
by weeping all over him whenever
they met.

  Speculation as to the size of the
Professor increased as the time for
the contest drew near, every new ru-
mor adding from two to six inches to
his height and circumference until the
Clintondalers were fully prepared to
meet an individual constructed on the
general lines of the Statue of Liberty
with a waist-line like a merry-go-
round.

  Needless to say most of the popu-
lation was at the station to welcome
him on the eve of the disturbance.
Also, needless to observe that Miss
Virginia Hamm and Mr. Ferdinand
Rollins were the most eager ones in
the big crowd that awaited his coming.

  Ferdy wanted to see if he could de-
tect even a scintilla of.mercy in the eye
of his executioner; Virginia wanted to
see the heartless wretch who was ex-
pected to put Ferdy on a permanent
diet of hot gruel.
188

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

  When the train pulled in and dis-
charged its passengers without drop-
ping off anything that met the expecta-
tions of the crowd in' a professorial
sense, disappointed murmurings were
heard on every hand.

  The Professor had backed out was
the word that passed from lip to lip.

  Virginia pinched Ferdy with delight
when it reached them. Ferdy didn’t
dare show how it affected him. He
clung to Virginia for fear of turning
an involuntary back somersault.

  “ Well, I guess he’s ditched us,”
Hamm spoke up. He was mad clean
through. “ That’s the worst of rely-
ing on one of those Bowery bums for
anything.”

  It was because all. hands had their
heads in the air, firmly expecting to
see the Professor stooping to dodge
the clouds that they had failed to ob-
serve an individual who had left the
train on the wrong side and was now
crossing toward the station. Barney,
worried to death because of the appar-
ent miscarriage of his arrangements,
was the first to spot the man re-
ferred to.

  “ Here he comes! ” the chauffeur
shouted excitedly. The others saw
him dart forward and extend his hand
to the weirdest-looking human being
they had ever laid eyes upon.

  Emaciated to the point of being
ghastly, his grisly appearance was
such as to cause several women in the
crowd to shrink back with fright.

  His shriveled figure rattled around
in a rusty blue suit that was many
times too large for him; a high collar
that might just as well have been in
the factory so far as -it showed any
inclination to become intimate with
his'neck emphasized his appalling lack
of fatness; a straw hat whose brim
looked like a portion of caviar fitted
his smooth - shaven head entirely too
soon, its inability to get a grip causing
it to sway in the opposite direction
whenever he moved his body.

  This action filled those about him
with an almost uncontrollable desire

to seize it and give it a twirl, for the
other 'end of him, low shoes and
trousers at half mast, showed a set of
spokes on which a hive would have'
looked like a door-knob.

  But it was his face that fascinated
the onlookers. At first glance he ap-
peared to be indulging in a broad
smile; closer examination showed this
to be his permanent expression.

  The meerschaum - colored skin was
drawn away from the mouth, leaving
the teeth—good teeth, strange to say
—entirely exposed, the effect produ-
cing his damage-proof smile. You
were certain that if he tried to bring
his lips together his face would tear:
Hamm refused to believe that he
was the fellow that Barney had en-
gaged. He pulled the chauffeur to one
side and whispered impatiently:

  “ Do you mean to tell me that this
apparition is a fighter ? ”

  “ That’s — that’s what they told
me,” protested Barney. “ I’ll admit
he’s trained pretty fine for—”

  “Trained pretty fine!” interposed
the boss. “ I think he escaped from
some medical college.”

  The brickmaker returned to the
new arrival. “ Are — are you the
Professor?” he asked tartly.

  “ I’m the guy you’re waiting for,”
came in sepulchral tones from the
depths of the smile. “ If the neigh-
bors have finished giving me the once
over I’ll beat it to my hotel. I want
to hit the hay.”

  In response to further questioning
by Hamm, he said he was in condition
to put up the battle of his life; that he
had never felt better; that the dis-
tance, six rounds, suited him perfectly.

  There was a titter when he told
about doing his road work in Central
Park.

  He expressed a desire to meet his
opponent, and Ferdy was pushed to-
ward him.

  Ferdy had never dared hope he
would have such a decrepit-looking
antagonist. The moment he became
convinced that this rack of bones was
'A HARD MAN TO HIT.

189

the man he would have to face his
courage went up by leaps and bounds.

•	He drew himself up to his full
height and shoved out his pink-sweat-
ered chest until he could hardly see
over it as he strode forward to shake
hands. There was a look of pity in his
eyes as he surveyed the meatless fig-
ure in front of him. The contrast be-
tween the pair made Ferdy look posi-
tively brutal.

  In an instant, as they stood with
hands clasped, sympathy shifted from
Ferdy to his opponent.

  “ It’s nothing short of murder to
permit that big, healthy boy to enter
the ring with that living skeleton! ”
was an exclamation that voiced the
sentiment of the throng as the Pro-
fessor picked up his grip and moved
slowly in the direction of his hotel.
Those nearest to him swore that they
heard his joints creak.

 When he had gone the crowd
pressed about Ferdy and begged him
to be merciful with his opponent.
Even Hamm was slightly worried. It
was with difficulty that Ferdy con-
cealed his elation. After all the an-
guish he had suffered he felt that he
was entitled to do a little plain and
fancy gloating.

  “ I give you my word, fellow citi-
zens,” he promised, “ that I will not
beat him up unless it becomes abso-
lutely necessary. In my opinion you
are wasting sympathy on him. They
say he’s greased lightning in the ring.”
A loud laugh greeted this statement.
“ I mean it,” insisted Ferdy. “ He’s
the hardest man in the world to hit.”
He didn’t believe anything of the
kind, but he wasn’t going- to let the
crowd think so. Belittling his op-
ponent would minimize the measure
of his own victory. He was certain
that the vindication he sought was al-
ready in his grasp, for inwardly he
had determined to make short work
of the Professor.

  His manner as he took Virginia by
the arm and led her away was ex-
tremely haughty.

  “ A picnic,” he chuckled as they
turned the corner.

  “ I’m—I’m not so sure,” she re-
turned. “ He's scandalously thin,
but, oh, Ferdy, I’m so afraid he’s
going to muss you up! ”

  The delicate appearance of the Pro-
fessor had reassured her to some ex-
tent. She admitted as much to her
father at dinner that night. The lat-
ter was a bit surprised when she asked
him for fifty dollars as she was leav-
ing the house. It was considerably
more than she had been in the habit
of asking for.

  “ A little wager on Ferdy, I’ll bet,”
he ventured.

  She smiled, but made no reply. The
effort to draw her out was unsuccess-
ful.

IV.

  Saturday found Clintondale eager-
ly awaiting the outcome of the con-
test. Ferdy’s faithful training, as
well as his apparent willingness to
risk his good looks, eventually won
the respect of those men who had
been hostile to him.

  The ring was erected in the gym-
nasium of the club. An hour before
the time set for the bout the place was
packed. Soon after noon Ferdy took'
his leave of Virginia.

  “ Be careful not to get hit in the
face,” she wailed after him.

  He found her father in his dress-
ing-room. Hamm asked him who he
wanted for referee.

  “ That’s so. We’d forgotten about
that detail,” said Ferdy.

  Hamm said he hadn’t forgotten it;
that he had figured it would be an
easy matter to get one of the club
members. Ferdy vetoed this sugges-
tion, saying that, in fairness to the
Professor, the third man in the ring
should be an outsider.

  Ferdy didn’t want any flaw in his
title. His squareness served to in-
crease Hamm’s steadily increasing
respect for him.

The brickmaker remembered having
190

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

seen a fellow tacking signs on fences
a short distance from the club. A,
messenger was sent after him. The
fellow came toward the club-house on
the run.

  “ How would you like to make ten
dollars for a half-hour’s work?”
Hamm asked him.

  His eyes started from his head at
the offer. He broke into a laugh.

  “ Honest,” continued the brick-
maker, noting his incredulous expres-
sion. “ We want you to referee a
fight.”

  Instead of replying, the other threw
his hammer and signs to one side and
saluted, indicating that he was ex-
tremely anxious to shake hands with
the ten-spot. The alacrity with which
lie took his place in the ring made it
clear that he would have been tickled
to do the job for nothing.

  Ferdy was the first to show. Clad
in a-baby-blue bathrobe, with slippers
to match, he took his place in the cor-
ner assigned to him, to the accompani-
ment of a shower of applause.

  All eyes were turned toward the
door through which his opponent must
enter. There was a roar of laughter
when he burst on their vision. Near-
sighted members had to look twice or
three times before they were sure
what they were laughing at.

  Compared with his present appear-
ance, he had looked excessively fat in
his street-clothes. His trunks were
made of bed-ticking.

  With the exception of his sneaks
and his smile, this was all he had on.

  His reception seemed to please him
and he bowed right- and left. He sat
in his corner, legs crossed and arms
folded, looking more like a dish of
cracked walnuts than a fighter.

  The bell brought the men to the
center of the ring. He made a sweep-
ing bow to Ferdy before grabbing his
outstretched hand. It had the effect
of rousing Ferdy’s ire. He got the
notion that his opponent was kidding
him.

  The Professor showed a willingness

to mix things from the start. But
Ferdy proceeded with the greatest
caution.

  It was not until some ribald spec-
tator suggested that they get Ferdy a
bean-bag that he decided to take a
chance. He let fly his right fist.

  To his great surprise and the sur-
prise of the spectators it went right
through the Professor’s guard and
landed in the middle of his smile. But
it didn't impair the latter.

  “ Bully for you, Ferdy,” shouted
Hamm.

  Thus encouraged, Ferdy gave the
Professor a severe poke in the ribs.
He pulled away his hand as he did
so and shook it as if it hurt him.

  The blow didn’t disturb the Pro-
fessor’s grin. The old fighter was
tapping Ferdy with considerable fre-
quency, but it was apparent that there
was no steam behind his blows.

  As the round ended Ferdy was
swatting his opponent right and left,
with the crowd urging him on to
greater efforts.

  “ Great! ” shouted Hamm as Ferdy
took his seat. The brickmaker was
busy telling his neighbors that they
had had Ferdy wrong. “ He’s got the
heart of a lion,” he kept repeating.

  “ Go right at. him when the bell
rings,” counseled Ferdy’s advisers.
“ Did his blows hurt you ? ”

  Ferdy said he had scarcely felt
them. “ But make no mistake about
the Professor,” he said. “ He’s in
wonderful condition. He’s as hard as
nails. I think I skinned my knuckles
on him when I hit him in the ribs.”

  The Professor was in the center,
beaming with good nature, when hos-
tilities were resumed.

  His smile was beginning to irritate
Ferdy. It nettled him, too, to think
that his blows were not more effective.
The harder he hit the Professor the
broader the latter’s smile.

  Hamm and most of the onlookers
were astonished at the ease with which
Ferdy belted the supposedly skilful
boxer. A resounding smash in the
A HARD MAN TO HIT.

191

ribs only brought a low laugh from
the bony athlete.

  Losing his temper at this exhibition
of indifference, Ferdy rushed at him
and s\Vung with all his might. The
blow caught the Professor on the
side of the head. He toppled to
the floor, with the crowd yelling like
Comanches.

  “ Take it easy, boy,” shrieked
Hamm. “ You've got him if you only
wait.”

  “ One,” shouted the referee.

  Ferdy, quivering like stewed rhu-
barb, was standing over the prostrate
figure. The Professor’s smile ap-
peared to be just as brilliant as ever,
albeit his eyes were a bit glassy.

  The referee’s failure to continue the
count brought protests from all parts
of the house. He appeared to be in
distress.

  “ Two,” he managed to get out.
“ Tut-tut-tut-tut—”

  “ Whistle it,” came derisively from
one of the open windows.

  But despite the urging of the crowd
the referee never got beyond the syl-
lable tut.

  A hopeless look entered Ferdy’s
eyes as he realized that he had a stut-
tering referee to contend with. He
shot a reproachful glance at Hamm.

  “ I didn’t know any more about
him than you did,” roared the brick-
maker.

  In the mean time the Professor had
clambered to his feet and was once
more beaming on the man who had
knocked him down. Realizing that
he would have to knock him cold to
overcome the handicap of the tongue-
tied arbiter, Ferdy waded right in and
swung on his opponent from every
angle.

  The bell found him breathless from
his exertions and feeling of his hands
in an apprehensive manner.

  It was the same way for the suc-
ceeding four rounds, Ferdy landing
ten blows to the Professor’s one and
growing weaker with every punch. It
infuriated him to think that he didn’t

'have the strength to end the contest.
There wasn’t another swing left in
Ferdy when the final bell ended the
battle.

   “ Rur - rur - rur - Rollins wins on
points! ”

   The decision, excavated from the
referee’s diaphragm with an effort
that came very near strangling him,
was greeted with wild applause.

  Ferdy was too far gone to shake
hands with his adversary. He was
amazed when the Professor patted him
on the back and told him he had done
splendidly. Ferdy’s fellow townsmen
swamped him with congratulations.

   One of the more enthusiastic ones
seized his hands, an action which
brought a yell of pain from him.
Hamm, his face bursting with pride,
got him free of the crowd and into
the dressing-room.

   “You’re there, Ferdy, and no mis-
take,” exclaimed the brickmaker de-
lightedly. “ There isn’t a mark on
you.”

  “ Not on my face,” said Ferdy.
“ But I’m afraid to look at my hands.”

   His fears in this respect proved to
be well founded. They were black
and blue, swollen out of all shape, and
badly skinned in many places. He had
to grit his teeth to keep from yelling
when they removed the gloves.

   After they had been properly ban-
daged, Hamm hustled him through a
side door and into his automobile.
Barney had promised Virginia he
would break the speed laws bringing
Ferdy back, and he kept his word.

  “ You don’t know how proud of
you I am, Ferdy,” declared the brick-
maker, as the car shot down the road.

  Ferdy didn’t appear to be very
jubilant.

   “ You haven’t got much reason to
be,” he returned quietly. “ It makes
me ashamed to think that I haven’t
got enough strength to knock out an
old fossil like that. I wouldn’t care,
but I pounded*him until I couldn’t lift
my hands. I think I must have hit
him a million times.”
192

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

  Hamm had been surprised at the in-
effectiveness of Ferdy’s blows. But
he didn’t say so.

  “ Never mind about that,” he said
soothingly. “ You got the decision.
'And better than that, you convinced
everybody in Clintondale of your
courage.”

  “ Did—did I convince you ? ” He
put this question expectantly.

  “ You bet you did,” was the prompt
reply. “ So much so that it won’t be
necessary for you to ask me what you
had in mind that night. You have
my consent.”

  Ferdy blushed and shoved out his
damaged right hand. Hamm seized
it well above the wrist and shook it.

  Virginia ran down the stoop to
greet them. Her joy on beholding
Ferdy’s face intact caused her to over-
look his upholstered haifds. At her
father’s suggestion they went into the
library.

  “You wait here on the porch,
Barney, and bring the Professor in
when he comes,” directed Hamm.
“ I told him to stop here on the way
to the train and get his money.”

  Once inside, Ferdy lost no time in
acquainting Virginia with her father’s
decision, an announcement which
caused her to throw her arms about
the latter’s neck and assure him that
he was leading the daddy league by
several hundred points.

  In the midst of this jubilation
Barney entered, followed by the Pro-
fessor.

  “ Well, you don’t look any the
worse for your experience,” Hamm
observed as he peeled one hundred
dollars off a roll and passed it to the
still smiling specter.

  “ Shucks, no,” was the easy reply.
“ A friendly bout like that doesn’t
bother me.”

  Ferdy shot an offended look at him.
A friendly bout, indeed! So that was
how he regarded his avalanche of
punches.

  “ I hope everything was satisfac-
tory?” suggested the Professor. He

shoved the money in his trouser-
pocket and fastened the opening with
a three-inch safety-pin.

  “ Perfectly,” returned Hamm. “ But
—but we were a bit disappointed with
your poor defense. They said you
were the hardest man in the world
to hit.”

  “ And I am,” came with a quiet
chuckle. “ I’ll leave it to Rollins.”
He turned to Ferdy with: “ Did you
ever hit anything harder in your
life?”

  Ferdy shook his head in the nega-
tive. “ Like hammering a stone
wall,” he agreed.

  His jocular manner rather annoyed
the brickmaker. “ I don’t mean your
condition,” he said sharply. “ I
mean—”

  “ I know what you mean,” the Pro-
fessor interrupted in a more respect-
ful tone. “ Fifteen years ago when I
was prominent in the boxing game I
was regarded as the fastest man in my
class. In fact, for some time after
I began to ossify I—”

  “Ossify!” cried Ferdy, jumping to
his feet.

  “ Sure,” was the nonchalant re-
sponse. “ I’ve been making my living
as an ossified man for the last ten
years. It developed from constant
training for ring engagements. I
happened to be out of a job when
your agent came into the saloon on
Fourteenth Street looking for a boxer.
He said he wanted a has-been a par-
ticularly thin one, and one who was
hard to hit. As I filled the bill to
the letter the proprietor recommended

       99

me.

  With the others staring at him
open-mouthed, he dipped into the side
pocket of his coat and pulled out a
handful of greasy-looking cards and
passed them around. They read:

  “ Professor Granite O’Brien, Ossi-
fied Wonder, Goober’s Museum, New
York.”

  Ferdy, livid with rage, shook both
bandaged hands under the Professor’s
nose. “ And yet you stood there and
GOLD FEVER.

193

permitted me to break my bands on
you for six rounds knowing full
well—”

  “ He’s right,” added Hamm with
some heat. “ You made no attempt
to block his blows. It will be weeks
before his hands are in shape again.”

  Instead of answering, the Professor
turned toward Virginia with a plead-
ing look in his eyes. Ferdy and his
intended father-in-law, surprised at
this action, followed his gaze, their
surprise increasing when they ob-
served that she was visibly agitated.

  “ What does this mean ? ” her
father demanded.

  “It means,” came from Virginia,
with a half-sob—“ it means that the
Professor is not to blame. It was my
fault.”

 “Your fault!” they chorused
sharply.

  “ Yes,” she went on quickly. “ Oh,
Ferdy, can you ever forgive me? You
owe your lacerated hands to me. I
paid the Professor the fifty dollars
papa gave me to let you hit him as
often as you liked.”

fSv*

Andrew Soutdr—’

RANN PATTISON, the iron-
jawed man who made a quar-

*	ter of a million out of a prema-
ture piece of news affecting a nation’s
contracts; Rann Pattison, the financier
who was said never to sleep, made
certain that all his employees, save
one, had left the office.

  Then touched the ivory button on
his table that should summon Stinnet,
Noah Stinnet, the confidential secre-
tary who had been with him for more
than ten years.

  Stinnet was small, thin of face,
somewhat shifty of expression; but in
his eyes there was that eager gleam

that found its counterpart in Patti-
son’s.

  “ Sit down, Stinnet,” said Pattison,
and went to the door and turned the
key in the lock.

  The key he placed in his pocket, then
he went back to the fireplace and com-
menced to pace the tigerskin rug.

  Stinnet sat at the table in the center
of the room, and the bony fingers of
his right hand played on the back of
his left.

  Now and again he wetted his lips
with the tip of his tongue, and, al-
though he couldn’t have had any idea
of what was in the great man’s mind,

13 a-s c
194

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

 he kept shifting his glances, first this
 way, then that.

  He might have been expecting a
 blow from behind, but he was afraid
 to take his eyes off the big, heavy fig-
 ure that was striding up and down in
 front of him.

  For a minute the only sound in the
 room was the thud of Pattison’s heels
 on the rug and the tapping of Stinnet’s
 fingers on the back of his hand.

. Pattison wheeled round suddenly.

  “ How long have you been with me,
 Stinnet? ”

  “ Just over ten years, Mr. Pattison.”

  “ And your interest in the business
 has never slackened, has it?”

 “ That’s very kind of you, Mr. Pat-
 tison.” But Stinnet’s voice was weak.

  “ How much did we make over the
 Bahama deal? ”

  “ Eighty-four thousand.”

  “ How did we invest it? ”

  Stinnet, with the keenness of the
 secretary devoted to his work, rattled
 off the details glibly.

  “ And what did we drop on Mica
 Ore?”

  Stinnet’s answer was ready.

  “How do we stand to-day? And
 where shall we stand next settling*''
 day? ”

  Stinnet figured it out before the
 great man had paced the tigerskin
 rug twice. He rose from the chair
 and handed him the scrap of paper.

 Pattison looked at it, smiled, rolled
 it into a ball, and flung it into the fire.

  “ Stinnet,” he said, “ I’ve come to
 the conclusion that you’re indispensa-
 ble to me.”

  “ Mr. Pattison—”

“ You have a genius for finance.”

  “ Mr. Pattison, I owe it to you.”

  “ I’m aware of it. That’s one of
 the reasons that I have sent for you
 to-night. You’ve given up the whole
 of your life to finance, haven’t you? ”

“ Every minute of my waking day.”

“ And dreamed of it at night—eh? ”

  “ Ah! ” said Stinnet.

  “ Tell me why! ” Pattison demand-
 ed gruffly.

  “ Why, Mr. Pattison, I can’t ex-
  plain. It’s got hold of me. I can’t
  think of anything else.”

  “ That's it,” said Pattison, nodding
  his head and pressing his lips tightly
  together. “ That’s it exactly. It’s got
  hold of you. It’s had hold of me for
  years and years.”

  “ That’s why you’re great, Mr. Pat-
  tison. That’s why every one speaks
  about you as though you were—”

  “ Shut up! ” said Pattison quickly.
  “ That’s why I’m small, you mean.
  I’m like you. I’ve given up the whole
  of my life to finance.

  “ Gold! Nothing else will satisfy
  me. I, too, think of it every minute of
  the waking day. I, too, dream of it.
  I live for it. There’s nothing else worth
  while.”

  “ No, Mr. Pattison.”

  “ I’m a giant in the finance world.”
  “ A colossus, Mr. Pattison.”
  Pattison shrugged.

  “ But I’m not the only one.”

  “ No-o,” Stinnet grudgingly con-
  fessed. -

  “You’re thinking- of Herkomer—
  Julius Herkomer.”

  “ Yes, Mr. Pattison.”

  “ Ever met him ? ”

  “ No.”

  “ What do you think of him? ”

  “ I think he’s wonderful.”

  Pattison laughed.

  “ He’s clever,” he admitted. “ At
  least, he was clever enough to engineer
  that fall in Panama Seconds. What
  did that cost us, Stinnet?”

  Stinnet wrote something on another
  scrap of paper. Pattison glanced at
  what he had written and nodded.

  “ Nearly ruined us,” he said. “ Who
  could have told him that we were
  •steeped up to the necks in the cursed
  things ? ”

  Stinnet sprang to his feet.

  “ That’s all right,” said Pattison.
  “ I don’t suspect you. You’re too
  loyal a servant for that.”

  “Thank God, Mr. Pattison!”

  “ Why do you say that ? ” Pattison
  asked, lowering his voice. “ Why do
GOLD FEVER.

195

you say ‘ Thank God ’ when you’re
talking about money ? ”

  “ I don’t understand.”

  “You don’t? Do you never read
your Bible?”

  “I’m afraid not, Mr. Pattison; I’ve
no time.”

  Again Pattison nodded.

  “ Neither do I,” he said. He paced
the floor in silence for another minute;
then, suddenly, he dropped a heavy
hand on Stinnet’s shoulder.

  “ Stinnet,” he said, “ it’s a microbe
—a fever—this gold! Once it gets
into your blood, nothing can get it out.
Have you ever realized that? ”

  Stinnet had never heard him talk
like this before. He lay back in his
chair, his mouth open.

  “ Yes,” he said falteringly; “ I have
thought of it in that way.”

  “ It whips your blood into an awful
heat, doesn’t it? And the heat takes
the very breath out of your lungs.
You begin to see things. Catch my
meaning? ”

  “ Yes,” said Stinnet, more weakly
than ever.

  “ Visions, I mean — distorted vi-
sions. You begin to talk gold, to eat
gold—'everything’s gold! You blind
yourself to everything else. You
never see anything as other people
see it.

  “ Tell me, do you ever walk into the
country? ”

  “ Seldom,” said Stinnet.

“ You’ve forgotten all about it, I
suppose. Has any one ever talked to
you about the beauty of the country? ”
“ No,” admitted Stinnet. “ I have
no time to think “about such things.”

  “ Neither have I,” said Pattison. “ I
was happy, immensely happy, when I
had two thousand a year. I don’t
think I shall ever be happy again. Do
you know why I’m talking to you like
this?”

  Stinnet shook his head.

  “ It’ll surprise you. To-day there’s
been a searching of soul in this room.
It commenced after I heard that Her-
komer was likely to crush me.

  “ I ran my eyes over the position,
and I came to the conclusion—perhaps
this’ll surprise you, Stinnet—I came to
the conclusion that if Herkomer
wished, he could crush me, and I
should never be able to rise again.

  “ Supposing, Stinnet, you were in
that position — my position — and a
blow like that came down on your
neck, what do you think would be your
feelings? ”

  Stinnet’s bony fingers gripped the
edge of the table.

  “ I daren’t think of it,” he said in a
whisper.

  “ My feelings,” said Pattison,
“ were exactly the reverse of what I
should have expected them to be.

  “ I was immeasurably relieved.

  “ First I said to myself, ‘ It has hap-
pened, Rann Pattison; you’re down
and beaten.’

  “ My idea, Stinnet, was to meet the
trouble half-way, in order to see if I
could accustom myself to the position,
to see if I could stand a blow like that
and live. And the more I thought of
it the more I hoped that the blow
would fall.

  “ There! That staggers you. It was
the most amazing sensation I’d ever
experienced.

  “ Here was I, a man whom the
newspapers describe as ‘ Golden Patti-
son.’ For years and years I’d been
blind; I’d been stumbling along the
highways and byways of a world made
of gold.

  “ The trees were gold, the sky was
gold, the mountains were gold. * Peo-
ple who passed me in the street were
gold. Everything was inanimate.

  “ My only regret was that the very
air I sucked into my lungs wasn’t
molten gold.

  “As I say, all those years I had
been stumbling through the seven days’
work of God, and I never once tried
to appreciate what had been made for
me.

  “ I used to hear people talk of the
poetry of the countryside, and I used
to set them down as brainless, insipid
196

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

fools, who hadn't the grit to get on
themselves, and who were ages and
ages behind me in acumen.

  “ People used to say to me: ‘ Why
don’t you travel more and see the beau-
ties of the world? ’ And I hadn’t the
patience to answer them, because the
only beauty the world held for me lay
in big dividends, great coups that
meant the building up of an already
mighty fortune.

  “ But that sensation, Stinnet, when
everything went! Don’t get it into
your head that I’ve gone mad. I’m
quite sane, I assure you. In fact, to-
day I’ve taken a saner view of life
than ever before.

  “ That sensation that came with the
belief that I was down and beaten! It
was as though some one had suddenly
smashed the office windows and a rush
of wind had come in, straight through
from the countryside right into my
very soul!

  “For the first time for twenty,
thirty years I saw the sky. And in
anguish, positively anguish, Stinnet, I
cried out: ‘ Good luck to you, Herko-
mer! ’ ”

  “Well?” Stinnet’s head was nod-
ding. His fingers were pressing so
tightly on the edge of the table that
the tips were bloodless.

  “Well,” said Pattison, “that’s all.
It was a dream—nothing more. Her-
komer hadn’t beaten me, and I woke
up to find myself where I started,
ready to do battle with any man who
ever faked a balance-sheet. ,

  “ But that glimpse of a sane life
started me thinking, Stinnet. I feel
that I have ruined my whole life. I’ve
been giving too much time to the ac-
cumulating of money, because the fe-
ver’s in my blood. My wife—”

  He took in a deep breath and looked
at Stinnet steadily for a second.

  “ My wife,” he repeated. “ I have
begun to wonder if I have done the
right thing by her.

  “ Don’t speak, Stinnet—not yet. I
know that you’re amazed at this new
attitude of mine, this new line of

thought, but I’ve never been moved so
much as I have to-day.

  “ Here’s a strange phase of the
whole business, so far as it affects my
wife. If people were to ask her sud-
denly and she were to reply without
subterfuge or evasion of any kind—if
they were to say to her: ‘ Has your
marriage been a happy one ? ’ I think
she would say, ‘ No.’

  “ If they were to say: 4 Has it given
you all the love that you expected ? ’
she would be bound to say, ‘ No.’

  “ You see, Stinnet, I’ve never had
time to indulge what you and I yes-
terday might have called the sentimen-
tal side of a man’s nature. I don’t
think I’ve spent more than two hours
in any week in the company of my
wife.

  “ And here’s the strange phase that
I hinted at. I have stayed away from
her; I haven’t indulged the sentimental
side of my nature; I haven’t given
her the love that she might have ex-
pected, because—because I love her so
dearly.

  “ There’s a paradox, but a very easy
one to think out. Just go to that door,
Stinnet, and make certain that the
cleaners are not there.”

  Stinnet stumbled, rather than
walked, to the door, came back for the
key, opened the door, looked out, and
went back to his chair.

  “ Give me that key,” said Pattison,
and he placed it again in his pocket.
“ Where was I ? Ah, yes! I said that
I loved her dearly. Of course I did.
Every cent that I’ve added to the pile
has been for her.

  “ There’s been no one else to prod
the ambitious spirit if it threatened to
flag. I’ve said to myself again and
again: ‘ It’s all for Mirabel.’

  “ I wanted every single soul in this
city to envy her. I wanted them to
say: ‘ That’s the wife of Rann Patti-
son, the wealthiest man in the world.
She’s the wealthiest wife.’

  “ It’s true, Stinnet.

  “ And now I’ve been brought to
realize that I’ve made her a martyr—•
GOLD FEVER.

197

for that’s what it amounts to. I’ve
neglected her.

  “ She’s been very patient, but I can’t
hide from myself the fact that I
haven’t been a devoted husband, be-
cause devotedness is something greater
than signing a check to meet the house-
hold bills. Now I come to you.”
Stinnet started guiltily.

  “ To me, Mr. Pattison ? ”

  “ Yes, to you. I’m responsible for
spoiling your life.

  “ I’ve taught you to think of gold
as I think of it. I’ve robbed you of
interest in any other thing. Isn’t it
so?”

  “ I love the work, Mr. Pattison.”

  “ Ah! There you go. You’ve never
had time to love anything else, have
you ? ”

  “ No, Mr. Pattison.”

  “ You’ve been privy to my thoughts
for over ten years.”

  “ Yes, Mr. Pattison.”

  “ You know as much about my busi-
ness as I know of it myself? ”

  Stinnet shrugged his shoulders de-
precatingly.

 “You know you do, Stinnet.
Didn’t I say just now that you were
indispensable to me? I’ve taught you
to understand everything connected
with the finance market.”

  “ And I’m grateful to you, Mr. Pat-
tison. No one can accuse me of in-
gratitude. You’ve made a business
man of me.”

  “ I’ve infected your blood. The mi-
crobe’s in it. You have the fever.”

  A stronger light gleamed in Stin-
net’s eyes, and he nodded eagerly.

  “ You’ve never had time to think
of anything else, have you, Stinnet?”
“ No, Mr. Pattison.”

  “ I’ve shown you how, by the appli-
cation of a little strategy, by the as-
sumption of a little carefully thought
out bluff, you can make gold positively
shower down from the ceiling on your
table?”

“Yes, Mr. Pattison.” He was an-
swering in sharp, half-checked breaths.
“ In short, Stinnet, you’ve given

your life up to me, in order that I
might use it for my own purposes.”

  “ It has been willingly given, for
what was I when I first came to you?
A clerk.

  “ Yes, I’m grateful, Mr. Pattison.
My whole life is given up to the work.
I think of nothing else. I don’t want
to think of anything else, and, as I say,
I’m grateful.”

  Pattison stopped his restless pacing
and leaned against the mantel-shelf.

  Stinnet’s face was turned up to him;
the light striking down from the
shaded lamp made it appear more un-
healthy than it really was.

  Pattison, without moving a finger
and without seeming to take a fresh
breath, said:

  “You’re grateful, are you? Then
what the devil do you mean by ma-
king love to my wife?”

  Even in that moment of strain Pat-
tison admired what he believed to be
nerve.

  Stinnet had not moved an inch, but
his fingers ceased the restless tapping.

  He was looking up at his accuser
with a peculiar expression of defiance
on his thin face. He made no attempt
to refute the calumny, if calumny it
was. Pattison’s own attitude was re-
markable in a way.

  If he had been theatrical in his ac-
cusing, he was the reverse in the few
moments that followed. He propped
himself against the mantel-shelf and
met Stinnet’s gaze.

  His calm was laughable, and yet it
was one of those calms that make thd
heart jump.

  “ Don’t trouble to deny it, Stinnet,”
he said in a persuasive, ridiculous tone
of voice. “ I can stand anything but
lies. And don’t get it into your head
that I’m going to kill you and make a
newspaper job of it.

  “Why should I? You’re indis-
pensable to me in business. See the
irony of it? See how the fever holds
you down—ties you down.

  “ Supposing I kicked up a fuss and
you got away. You could skip off in
198

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

search of this Herkomer and unbosom
yourself to my detriment in less than
ten minutes. You could put him wise
on certain points, and I should be
down and out before I had a chance
of a breather.”

  “ I do deny it.” Stinnet’s voice was
stronger than ever before.

  But now the gleam in his eyes had
changed color; it had been red, now it
was white—white because of the fear
that had come upon him; he fancied
that Pattison was bordering on insan-
ity.

  “ I don’t see how you can,” and Pat-
tison shook his head despairingly. “ I
have had you watched so carefully for
months and months.

  “ Eh? Yes, that’s another symptom
of the fever—you can’t trust anybody
—always full of suspicion. You’ve
been writing a great many letters late-
ly, Stinnet.”

  Stinnet slipped out of his chair. He
seemed to be much taller and his eyes
were clearer.

  “What if I have?” he asked with
great boldness. “ Mustn’t I write a
letter to—to anybody because of this
—this fever, as you call it?”

  “ Sit down,” said Pattison sharply,
assuming the tone of the bully. “ I
want to think for a minute.”

  “ Think as long as you like,” said
Stinnet truculently.

  “ And you’ve been using a little
branch post-office—leaving your letters
to be called for—” musingly and as
though he were fitting all the clues
together.

  “ The letters were addressed to a

*	Miss Daivnish.’ ”

  “What if they were?”

  “ Oh! Now we’re beginning to un-
derstand each other. I was going to
mention that I came across one of the
envelopes. It was typewritten, but
there's a faint ‘ a ’ on the machine in
your room, Stinnet. I’ve often no-
ticed it in your memoranda. There
have been meetings, too—clandestine
meetings—”

  “ Look here, Pattison—”

  “ Mr. Pattison, you weasel! ”

  “ Mr. Pattison, if that suits you bet-
ter. You’ve opened my eyes.”

  “ I guessed that.”

  “ And I’ve seen that all these years
I’ve been a—what you called me.”

  “ A weasel, Stinnet—a boneless,
creepy weasel.”

  “ But you’ve helped me to get back
to—to a sense of manliness.”

  “ Cut it out.”

  “ You’ve accused me of—I won’t re-
peat it. Let me tell you this: I have
a wife of my own.”

   Pattison bit at his lips.

  “ And if you like, you can come
home with me now, and repeat to her
what you’ve said to me.”

  “ If you breathe a word outside this
office of what has passed to-night,”
said Pattison, “ I’ll put my foot on
your neck just as I would on the neck
of—of a weasel! I think I’m big
enough to face this business steadily—
there’s going to be no mock heroics, no
whining.”

  “ I don’t know Mrs. Pattison. I
haven’t been in her company.”

  “ I feel like kicking you now,” said
Pattison grimly. “ If you owned up. I
should have blamed myself for every-
thing.”

  Stinnet pushed his chair back from
the table. Pattison said again, “ Sit
down! ”

  “ I shall not sit down,” said Stinnet.
“ Haven’t been in her company.

  “ By God! I haven’t been in my own
wife’s company long enough to remem-
ber her voice! I’ve been here—here,
slaving my heart out in your interests.
I’ve given all that was best in me to
you—”

“ No, no, Stinnet. Blame the fever.”
“ I blame you. When I came to jrou,
more than ten years ago, I was a clerk,
with an income of two hundred a
year.”

  “ You’re down on my pay-sheet to-
day for two thousand.”

  “ And that income of two hundred
was an assured income—the income of
a legacy well invested.
GOLD FEVER.

199

  “ Fever! Yes, you have infected
me, but I’d give ten years of my life
to be in the old position and with the
old feelings. Two hundred a year and
happiness. God! Your ingratitude’s
stiffened me.”

  Pattison took two steps forward,
and his heavy hands fastened on the
bent shoulders of Stinnet.

  “ Look at me—straight in the eyes.
So! Now, answer me this, and if you
lie I’ll choke the life out of you! Have
you always been loyal to me ? ”

  “ Take your hands away! ”

  “ Have you always been loyal ? ”

  “ Take them away—you’re hurt-
ing.”

  “Yes or no?”

  Pattison removed his hands from
the thin shoulders.

  “ I understand your silence,” he said
thickly.

  But he didn’t, in this particular case.
He drew the key of the door from his
pocket and tossed it to Stinnet.

  “ Get out,” he said curtly, and stum-
bled to the chair vacated by the secre-
tary. Stinnet lost no time in getting
outside the building.

II.

  A tall woman, much younger than
her years, but with an expression of
sadness always haunting her eyes.

  A woman good to look upon, with
clear-cut features and high temples that
spoke of intellectuality. Her eyes could
be soft, but there was something in
them that suggested self-confidence, a
strong, independent spirit, something
that would warn a man or a woman
not to presume on the fallacy of sex
inferiority.

  At times the mouth was very hard;
the lips were continually moving to the
calculations of the brain.

  Society knew little about her, for
she cared little about society. Yet she
would have been a most gracious orna-
ment to it.

  Her figure would have attracted at-
tention in any ballroom—so slim, lithe,

and beautifully fashioned; also, she
dressed with rare taste, though always
she became the gown—the gown only
added to her magnificent dignity.

  She was a silent woman, needing
none of the stimulus craved after by
society women in general—no gossip,
no petty, meaningless afternoon func-
tions, nothing to help her while away
the time in her life. This, in spite of
the fact that Pattison had never awak-
ened to a full sense of his obligations.

  No matter what the spirit or ten-
dencies of a woman, no matter whether
she be cold of nature or preoccupied
with thoughts and problems that are
not generally attributed to the sex,
there is always a moment when the
husband may play the lover, and she
will appreciate the loving.

  To look at this wife of Rann Patti-
son, one would have said that he had
never understood her, or, rather, that
she was a misunderstood woman.

  Once some one remarked, with
daring flippancy, “ Mr. Pattison must
be a stranger in his own house—he
seems always to be working.”

  If the flippant one had expected this
tall, beautiful woman to make an out-
burst of confidence, and confess that
she was lonely and neglected, the ex-
pectation was not realized.

  Mrs. Rann Pattison said simply, “ Is
it not a man’s duty to work? No one
•—no man—ever killed himself with
overwork.”

  She was sitting in her own room
when Pattison reached home after his
scene with Stinnet. She was reading
an evening newspaper,, but dropped it
on the floor as he came into the room.

  “ You’re early, Rann,” she said. “ I
didn’t expect you.”

  “ I suppose not,” he said. “ Do you
ever expect me ? ”

  He wasn’t looking at her, nor she
at him: his head was slightly inclined
forward, and he was looking at all the
corners of the room, as though he half-
expected secrets to come stalking out
of them.

  “ Ever expect you ? Perhaps not,
200

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

 now you come to mention it. I was
 saying to some one only the other day
 that if I were a widow—” •

 “ Who was the some one ? ”

 She turned round in the chair to find
 him standing in the middle of the
 room, gazing at her scrutinizingly.

Never before had he spoken so
roughly, so imperatively, but instead
of the tears that might have come into
the eyes of a weaker woman, she nar-
rowed hers and gave him back look for
look.

 “ Perhaps it was a servant,” she
 said coldly. “ Perhaps it wasn’t.
 What’s happened to you to-day? ”

 “ Why do you ask that ? Do I look
 as though something had happened to
 me?”

 “ Yes.”

 “ You have an observant eye.”

 “ So I’ve been told.”

“Well? What should you think
could have happened to me ? ”

 “ I'm sorry,” she said, stooping to
 regain possession of the newspaper.
 “ I was reading the feuilleton in this
 paper.”

 He smiled contemptuously.

 “ A love story ? ” he queried.

 “ Yes, and quite interesting. You
 see, I want to make myself believe that
 sometimes men are—well, men, not
 bullies.”

 He came up behind her chair and
 placed a hand on her shoulder.

 “ I beg your pardon,” he said. “ But
 is there anything that you would detest
 more than a display of sickly senti-
 ment ? ”

 “ Having had so little experience I
 can’t say,” she replied. “ But, tell me,
 why should you talk to me like this to-
 night? With all your faults—”

 “Oh! I have faults?”

 “ Every man has. I was going to
 say, with all your faults, you have al-
 ways tried to be courteous.”

 And for the second time that night
 Pattison threw a bomb.

 “ How long has this affair with Stin-
 net been going on ? ” he asked.

 And for the second time that night

Pattison was compelled to admire
nerve.

  She waited a long time before giving
him answer, and he didn’t attempt to
flurry her. She should have a fair op-
portunity of framing any answer that
she had to make.

  “ About twelve months,” she said
with suddenness that fairly equaled
his own.

  It almost took away his breath, but
during the day, and while fighting out
this trouble in his own mind, he had
actually prepared himself for this an-
swer, or for, at least, a confession, and
he had argued against his natural in-
clinations just as he had in the case of
Stinnet.

  He was responsible for what had
happened.

  “Twelve months?” he said. Then
he asked her to take her eyes off the
paper and look at him.

  “ Are you taking this seriously,
Mirabel ? ” he asked.

  “ What did you expect me to do,”
she said—“ faint? ”

  “ I don’t know. I suppose the ordi-
nary woman would have done some-
thing of that sort.”

  “ Do you class me as an ordinary
woman ? ”

  “ No,” he said in an unsteady voice,
“ I don’t. I have never known a wom-
an to take a blow like that so coolly.”

  “ What blow ? ” she asked sharply.
“You asked me a straightforward
question, and, being a woman who
knows the folly of prevaricating when
she is faced by a man like yourself, I
gave you a straightforward reply.”
Pattison sat down on a chair near
her. He said:

  “ Yesterday I considered myself a
strong man, one fully able to combat
any old trouble that came along, no
matter how suddenly it came. But I’ll
give you best; you have me beaten.”

  “ I don’t understand you.”

  “ Perhaps the tumbling of the mar-
ket this morning has affected my brain
<—that and one or two other things—
but I’m not certain that I’m in my own
GOLD FEVER.

201

house, speaking to my own wife. Did
you quite get my meaning when I
asked you how long this affair with
Stinnet has been going on ? ”

  “ Quite,” she answered.

  “ Do you know that I ‘ nailed ’ him
in the office to-day—this evening?”
Again she took advantage of his
comparative calmness carefully to
think out her answer. Then she said:
“ I was afraid it would come to that.
I can see now that I allowed my en-
thusiasm to carry me too far. Stinnet
wasn’t the kind of man that I should
have listened to.”

  Pattison said: “ Mirabel, I don’t
know how this affair is affecting your
mind, but I swear that I’m not certain
whether I’m standing on my head or
on my heels.

  “ Do you realize what I’m ask-
ing you—what I’m questioning you
about ?”

  ** I think I do,” she replied. “ You
asked me ho.w long my acquaintance
with your confidential secretary has
been going on. I told you, about twelve
months. What else do you wish to
know ? ”

  “ By God! ” said Pattison; “ you’re
the ideal strong wife—”

  “ Not of the ideal strong man,
Rann.”

  “ You dare to sit there and tell me
in cold blood that your acquaintance
with my hound of a secretary has ex-
tended over twelve months! What
about these letters ? ”

  She had risen from her chair^ and,
as before, was giving him look for
look.

  There was no fear, no trembling,
no flushed cheeks nor quivering lips, no
asking for quarter.

  “What letters?”

  He snapped his fingers.

  “ You’ve been frank, devilishly
frank, up to now. Don’t commence to
humbug. Letters have passed between
you.”

  “ Yes, I admit it.”

  “ Where are they? Have you kept
them?”

 “ Some of them.”

 “ I want to see them.”

 “ By what right do you ask ? ” she
 demanded.

 “Right?” he exclaimed. “The
 right of a husband! ”

 “ A husband ? I was beginning to
 doubt that there was such a thing.”

 “ You’ve never complained.”

 “ Does a man need to be complained
 to before he remembers the vows he
 took at the altar ? ”

 “ Don’t let us get away from the
 subject. These letters—I want to see
 them.”

 “ You can’t.”

 “ Are they in this house ? Or has
 your cunning—”

 “ There’s been no particular cunning
 about it,” she said. “ I admit that
 Stinnet has written me letters.’’

 “ And you’ve treasured them, I’ll
 bet?”

 “For a time—yes.”

 “ And how often has he been to this
 house while I’ve been away?”

 “ When I’ve been here,” she said,
 “ he’s never been once. I don’t know
 how many times he may have been
 while I’ve been away. To tell you the
 truth, I’ve never seen him.”

 Pattison was rapidly losing that re-
 markable control which he had shown
 when he first entered the room. He
 struck the table with his clenched fist
 and raised his voice.

 “ How do you expect me to believe
 that?”

 She surveyed him calmly for a mo-
 ment, then:

 “ Do you wish the servants to over-
 hear this display of temper ? ” she
 asked coolly. “ Did you behave like
 this when you nailed Stinnet, as you
 term it ? ”

 “ Do you mean what you say, that
 you’ve never seen Stinnet ? ”

 “ Not to my knowledge,” she said.

 “ But you admit receiving letters
 from him ? ”

 “ Yes. Probably a dozen—no more.”
 “ And that you treasure them ? ”
 “Yes,” grudgingly.
202

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

  " Do you admit they’re in this house,
now ? ”

  “ I refuse to answer.”

  He left her standing in the middle
of the room, and in two strides was at
her private desk.

  She called out to him, in a thin,
pained voice: “Rann! Don’t do it!”
He wrenched the lid from the desk as
though it were made of paper. She
didn’t look round. Her cheeks had
gone very pale. The iron nerve might
have been deserting her.

  She heard him rummaging among
the papers. Then came a second or
two of silence, as though he were read-
ing; then he cried o.ut, gasping as
though it were difficult to believe his
eyes.	'

  Still she did not move from her posi-
tion in the center of the room. He
came up behind her and thrust before
her eyes a typewritten letter.

  She nodded weakly. There was no
need to hide anything now.

  “That came from Stinnet?” he
asked.

  “ Yes,” she said, “ it did.”

  “ Then, in the name of God, explain
the meaning of it! Do you see what
he’s written ? ”

  “ I know it by heart.” Her head
was held high, and she Was answering
him without looking at him. Only the
heaving of her bosom showed how
deeply she was affected.

  “ He writes saying that for ten
thousand pounds he will give Mr.
Herkomer the desired information con-
cerning my operations in Western
Pacific! ”

  “ Yes.”

  “ That letter was sent to you and
picked up at the post-office for you by
Miss Daivnish, who, happens to be your
second cousin.”

  “ Quite right,” she said, and sighed.

  “ But I don’t understand it! ” He
stamped his foot. “ Do you mean to
tell me that Stinnet knows my wife is
acting as an agent for Herkomer; that
through her he can sell my business
secrets ? ”

  “ Stinnet is not aware of my con-
nection with the matter. He has been
dealing with Miss Daivnish, who, to
him, is a typist in the employ of Mr.
Julius Herkomer.”

  Pattison was fuming in his perplex-
ity.

  “ Then, where the devil do you come
in ? ” he asked.

  And she hit him with her answer
just as he had hit Stinnet earlier in
the evening:

  “ I am Julius Herkomer! ”

  Pattison, satisfied now that the
world was unreal, and that he was
moving in a dream, stumbled to the
chair that she had left a few minutes
before.

  He didn’t ask for any further ex-
planation. She gave it without the
asking.

  “ I am Julius Herkomer,” she re-
peated, “ and for twelve months I have
been using the brains that are mine.”

  “ For what purpose ? ”

  “ Oh, just to make life possible.
That’s all. At least, that was how I
felt when I started. But it began to
grow on me.”

  “ Does Stinnet know anything about
this?”

  “ I told you a moment ago that Stin-
net knows nothing save that he was
offered ten thousand for certain in-
formation.

  “ At the time the offer was made to
him ‘ Mr. Julius Herkomer ’ was not
aware that Mr. Rann Pattison was in-
volved.”-

  He was trying to overcome the
effects of the blow, the stunning, stu-
pefying statement that his own wife
was the substance of the shadow that
had been haunting him for months.

  “ Stinnet,” she went on, “ is just
one of those small creations that are
made to be used by others. I sha’n’t
tell you how I discovered that.

  “ As a financier, as a man who has
to know as much about human nature
as about the money market, you will
understand. This afternoon a letter
was sent to Stinnet—it should have
GOLD FEVER.

203

reached him by now at his home—ask-
ing him to call on Miss Daivnish as
soon as possible. There was bad news
for him.”

  Pattison was sitting with his mouth
wide open.

  “ He was going to be told—and it’s
the truth—that Mr. Julius Herkomer
has shot his bolt. A coup which he
believed to be as simple as cashing a
check over a bank counter failed him
only this morning. In the space of
five minutes he was a wealthy financier
and a beggar.”

  Pattison spoke, but his words were
hardly audible.

 “ Beaten — Herkomer? What
over ? ”

  “ Panama Seconds.”

  “ By God! He ‘ killed ’ me on
them.”

  “ Yes, I know, and he was ‘ killed ’
in turn.”

  " You * killed ’ me!”

  “ Yes—as Julius Herkomer.”

  “ Knowing that you were * killing ’
me?”

  “ No,” his wife replied. “ I told you
just now that I didn’t know that you
were involved. Well, why don’t you
do it?”

  “ Why don’t I do what ? ”

  “ Kill ‘ Julius Herkomer ’—literal-
ly?”

  He was breathing loudly and the
corners of his eyes were all puckered.
When he spoke again it was in a voice
that frightened her—not a rough, ac-
cusatory voice, but the voice of a
young man—a young man who has
suddenly awakened to life and seen a
great and glittering world unfolded
before him.

  “ Mirabel! ” he said. “ Do you
realize that I’m ruined ? ”

  She said, “Are you?” as carelessly
as though she were answering a ques-
tion about the weather.

  “ When I’ve squared my debts there
will be about fifteen hundred a year
left to us.”

  " Us? "

  “ Of course."'

  “ What do you mean by * us ’ ? I
‘ killed ’ you! ”

  “‘Killed’ me?” he said. “No,
Mirabel, you’ve remade me! Come
here!”

  It was as though the blood in her
heart, chilled for a time by all that he
had uttered, had suddenly thawed and
was rushing to the extremities in hot
waves.

  “ No,” she said, “not yet. I am
Julius Herkomer—I was Julius Her-
komer — and I’m going to tell you
why.”

  “ I know, I know! ”

  “ You don’t—you can’t.”

  “ Go on, then.”

  “ I was left alone too often—”

  “ Just what I told Stinnet.”

  “ Never mind Stinnet. Listen. I
was left alone day after day, night
after night. I had everything that
money could buy, but there are lots of
things that money can’t buy.

  “ It can’t make a house less like a
prison. There was a time when you
and I were very happy — that was
when you were in the beginning of
things, when your income didn’t ex-
ceed three or four thousand dollars a
year.

  “ Then you commenced to make
more. It came not by degrees, but in
swift rushes, just as though the gold-
caverns of the world had been opened
at your command and the gnomes had
thrown up to you their subterranean
treasures.

  “ You told me a great many things
about your business, how it was creep-
ing up, how you meant to corner this
and corner that, how easily it could be
done.

  “ And then, when you began to
leave me to myself and I began to
want for something to do, I said to
myself: ‘ Why not interest yourself
more in his business—why not take a
hand in it yourself? ’

  “ Out of the amounts you advanced
for household expenses I saved. Day
after day, while sitting here alone, I
studied the markets of the world. I
204

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

approached a broker in the city—by
letter. I opened an account with him
and made a few investments off my
own bat.

  “ The man told me I was a fool, but
he lived to follow every move that I
made. In a very short while I real-
ized that I had a gift for finance—for
more than that.

  “ I seemed to be able to look ahead,
to sum up potentialities that the ma-
jority of women never dream about.
And then it got hold of me—”

  “The fever, Mirabel?”

  “Yes, you can call it the fever. I
suppose the ordinary woman, elated at
the success of her initial ventures,
would have rushed to her husband for
congratulation.

  “ But then, you and I have lived so
far apart that I felt I shouldn’t appre-
ciate any congratulations you might
have to offer.

  “ Besides, this fever was on me. I
wanted to go on, making more, and the
more I made the higher became the
temperature. A fever — a lust! No
one who hasn’t experienced it can de-
scribe it.”

  “ I can,” said Pattison in a low
breath.

  “ You can? Has it come to you—-
the awakening? ”

  “ Yes,” he answered, and went near-
er. “It came to-day — came in the
most wonderful way imaginable. I
had been advised that Herkomer was
nailing me—that I wasn’t likely to get
out of the complication with a whole
skin, so I sat down and argued with
myself:

  “ I put the proposition to myself:
‘ Supposing you are done for, what
then ? ’

  “ And instead of the blind, ungov-
ernable rage that I’d expected, I was
happier.

  “ I’ll confess, Mirabel, that I thought
again of you as I used to think in the
old times when we had that small in-
come. I realized that those were great
days.”

  lie paused, as though expecting her

to speak, but she made no movement.
She was still standing, with head erect
and eyes fixed as though on some dis-
tant object.

  *He stepped forward so that it was
easy to put his left hand round her
shoulders.

  “Did you hear that, Mirabel?” he
asked. “ Those were great days.”

  Her lips moved never so slightly.

  “ Great days,” she repeated, and
there was a world of yearning in her
voice. “ Great days,” she repeated;
“ but now—we are beggars.”

  “ No, not beggars, Mirabel. We are
far from that stage. It’s, as though we
had passed out of the sick-room, out
of the fever hospital, into the cool air.
Do you feel like that ? ”

  She nodded her head, and as she felt
his arm closing more tightly on her
shoulders she lowered her head.

  “ Mirabel! ” He would have kissed
her cold cheek—cold with a beautiful
freshness—but a servant knocked at
the door and entered with a letter.

  It was from Stinnet. They, both of
them, recognized it.

  “ You open it,” Pattison said, but
she held it out to him, and he tore open
the envelope. Stinnet had written to
Miss Daivnish:

   Please burn all the letters I have sent to
you. Herkomer’s fall means nothing to
me. I don’t care. I don’t want any ten
thousand. I’m leaving the city to-night
and going into the country. I have been
run down; I am going into the country for
a cure, and I don’t think I shall ever come
back to the city. Please do not address
any further letters to me at the office. I
have left Mr. Rann Pattison’s employ.

Yours faithfully,

Noah Stinnet.

  Pattison threw the letter in the fire.
Then he stretched out his hand and
turned the light slightly lower.

  The flames in the grate leaped high-
er, casting a red glow over the room.
He placed his arm around Mirabel’s
waist and led her to the divan.

  “ Let’s talk, Mirabel,” he said—
“ let’s talk of the old days.”
     Ralph Roeder

HAVING announced, some half-
hour before, that at eleven that
evening, which happened to be
Christmas Eve, he intended to marry
Mile. Elise de Aube, the comic opera
star, the good-looking youth in the
evening clothes had since, with his
customary, pleasant-humored noncha-
lance, awaited the inevitable storm.

  Across from him in an Italian-
carved chair was the Pig-Iron King,
also in evening clothes, which set off
a more powerful, if less graceful
figure than the son’s.

 The boy was now reiterating
quietly:

  “ I am going to marry her.”

  “ But I tell you that she is a chirp-
ing actress, and I despise any one,
man or woman, who chirps or fiddles
for a living. Why, there are a hun-
dred decent girls in New York who
would have you in a minute!”

  “ Possibly, but—well—this Elise is
a thing of fire and shadows, a whirl-
wind, a chameleon. She makes life
dance! It’s all wrong, I know, but
you’ve brought me up on the extreme
of things. You live it yourself. How
do you expect me to be clammily re-
spectable, when you loot and raid and
dash and dare every day in business? ”

  The father’s lips clamped shut, but
the shadow of a tremor crossed his
straight gray eyes.

  “ I—I—” he began, then stopped
abruptly. “ I’ll let Dryker talk for
me.”

  Dryker was the Pig-Iron King’s
lawyer. The father continued:

  “ He will be here in five minutes.
You will talk to him? ”

  “ Certainly, governor, certainly,”
smiled the youth. “ Anything you
.say. But I doubt, governor, whether
he knows any more about the tender
passion than you do. And it will cost
a heap of money. Judge Dryker’s fees
are about a hundred an hour in the
daytime, aren’t they? Goodness
knows what they are at night! ”
“Confound the money! Haven’t I
offered you a hundred thousand twice
to stop this idiocy? ”

  •“ No, it was not the amount I ob-
jected to, governor; it was the use-
lessness of it.”

  A green-and-scarlet-liveried butler
appeared in the doorway.

  “ Mr. Dryker is here, if you please,
sir.”

  “Show him in!”

  Hanton L. Dryker entered, apolo-
getic, capable, suave, composed. He
206

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY.

 was the most successful lawyer in
 New York, his mind being another of
 the perfectly disciplined type of the
 Iron King’s, somewhat more finely
 machined, perhaps. As the latter
 marshaled forces to the utter elimi-
 nation of the usual human considera-
 tions, so Dryker marshaled ideas,
 summoning the greatest number of
 them, favorable or unfavorable, as
 required, upon any given subject in
 the least possible time and in the best
 possible language.

   “You know the situation, Dryker,”
 snapped the Iron King briefly. “ This
 boy wants to marry an actress—that
 De Aube woman. I apologize for
 taking you from your Christmas tree,
 but he wants to marry her to-night.”

   “ In sixty-two minutes,” corrected
 the youth, glancing at a bronze clock
 over the fireplace. “ The Russian
 prince gets second choice. If I’m not
 on deck at eleven,, it’s he. And there
 is a string behind him.

   “ She said she wouldn’t marry any
 of us until the first run of the

 *	Dresden Doll ’ was over, and it’s
 over to-night. I just nosed the Rus-
 sian prince out. She is a rare and
 clever little girl, Elise is, but she
 doesn’t have to wait a minute for any
 of us; so proceed, please, Mr. Dry-
 ker.”

   The great lawyer nodded cour-
 . teously and, taking a seat near the
 mahogany table—a seat so placed as
 to dexterously put him in a position
 prominent but unobtrusive—began to
 speak, his voice, even and regular,
 having admirable adaptation to the oc-
 casion.

   He touched, quite apologetically,
 upon the natural solicitude of a father
 of great wealth and national promi-
 nence upon his only son’s marriage
 . to a woman of semipublic character,
 and mentioned in that connection,
 quite offhand, the unfortunate out-
 come of a dozen or more such mesal-
 liances of the last five years; he went
 over the not openly impeachable, yet
 very newspapery career of the young

lady in question, giving it more in
detail and with much greater accuracy
than the young man himself knew;
he terminated with a general review
of all of the evils to result from such
a marriage—balanced, comprehensive,
and at once inoffensively restrained,
but bitingly direct.

  At its conclusion both the father
and the son sat under its spell.

  “ That was just what I wanted to
say when I broke the glass! ” declared
the Iron King vehemently, terminat-
ing the silence. “ Can’t you see the
idiocy—the utter folly of it all ? ”

  “Yes, I do!” The boy’s face bore
an enigmatical smile. “ Yes, but—
but is it all that you wanted to say,
governor, because I believe there was
more? I know what the more is my-
self, though I cannot say it, and Mr.
Dryker, with all respect to him,
couldn’t say it—it is not in him, but
it is in you and me; that is, it used
to be.

  “ And that’s at the heart of the
whole matter, it is the taste for brown
bread and spring water. We had that
taste, but it’s been cloyed out. It is
too late for it even to appeal to me,
and yet I know it, and I know you
know it. I think there is just one
person who could tell it to me just
right.”

  He rose and, walking very quietly
to the end of the long room, stood in
front of an oval, black-framed pic-
ture of a remarkably sweet-faced
woman.

  “If the dear mater was here she
could. Do you remember, governor,
the way she used to sit in the evening
after supper at the little organ we had
in the parlor, while I stood just chin-
high to the keyboard, and play that
old song of hers—* Annie Lyle ’ it
was? ”

  The father winced a trifle.

  “Annie Lyle ” brought to him mem-
ories of more than his wife. His fid-
dling brother Amos had played that
>—played it into the favoritism of the
\vife. Poor Amos, who with music
FOUR STRING POWER.

207

had woo»d her while the elder brother
with hard, stubborn achievement had
also wooed and, true to his record for
victory, won.

  But on evenings later, when the
Iron King, in the bitter novitiate of his
great iron - control struggle, would
come home to the cottage silent, ab-
sorbed, bitter, and hard as the iron it-
self, the lonesome little wife would
quietly seek the chapel organ in the
parlor after the silent supper and
play very softly “ Annie Lyle,” and
see the moonlight on the creek and
Amos with his violin and the other
boys and girls laughing.

  Then, her craving for “ the things
that dance ” gratified, she would rise
and, smiling bravely and soothingly,
minister to that strange, powerful
husband of hers, ease his mind of any
distraction to material things, and
send him forth for the next day’s
fight, nourished, unhampered, and fit.

  Fiddling Amos had gone his vaga-
bond way, scorning the increasingly
good positions offered from time to
time by his rising brother. Music he
loved, and music only, and the Iron
King—they first called him that dur-
ing the years he spent in St. Louis be-
fore going to New York — thinking
music a worse than useless thing, had
refused to give one cent toward
Amos’s advancement in it. Amos
was now in the orchestra of a moving-
picture theater out West.

  “ Yes,” the son was saying whim-
sically, coming back and facing the
Iron King again, “ mater could tell,
and only mater ”

  Then his eyes took on again their
wearily gay, disillusioned smile.

  “ But she is not here, and we have
to live; and Elise is, for all her little
escapades, too good for the Russian
prince. Besides, I tell you, she makes
things dance. It is twenty minutes
past ten. I shall need fifteen minutes
to get to the theater.”

  He pressed a button twice.

  The butler came, bringing a fur-
lined overcoat and opera hat, and a

walrus traveling-bag. He assisted the
young man into them.

  “ Good-by, Mr. Dryker; good-by,
governor.”

  He held out his hand to the Iron
King. The massive lines of the
father’s face had begun to shrink and
mottle. The basis of all his great, im-
placable strength was oozing away.
The machinelike mind, which had
seemed so invulnerable and self-suffi-
cient, had really been of a very sim-
ple type — the type which, in fighting
for some one object, becomes in its
repression of self terribly strong.

  The boy, his son, had been that
object from the day of his birth in
the little Missouri mining town.
True, the father had blundered almost
inconceivably, imagining the boy
would somehow emerge a veteran,
full fledged, from the Harvard gold
coast to step into his own hard-fisted,
toil - won place. He had raised a
highly trained business for the boy,
but no highly trained boy for the
business. He had forgotten, too, that
mothers also transmit traits.

  The doorway of the room was huge
and heavy, as everything else in the
mansion; the boy reached it and
turned.

  “ Good-by, governor,” he said very
softly.

  In the silent moment after his words
a sound came from the street outside.

  Louder it sounded, but still very
clear, a violin played by some wan-
dering Christmas waif, some caroler
on strings.

  Clearly, sweetly, high the notes
crystallized into an air — “ Annie
Lyle.”

  . The three men stood in the huge,
quiet room and listened. The music
had to penetrate through a thick shell
to reach the heart of the Iron King.
It did not reach Dryker at all. But
to the mother’s son it spoke the mes-
sage of the little parlor organ and of
the brown bread and spring water.
The tension of his sensitive eyes gave
way in a sudden brimming of mois-
208

ALL-STORY CAVALIER WEEKLY,

ture. Shamedly, shrinking, half an-
gry, he turned to face his father.

  “ It’s funny — it’s funny, but that
music’s got me! I guess I’ve got a
yellow streak in me, or I’m still only
a big kid.”

  He set down the walrus traveling-
bag and viciously jammed a push-
button near the door,

  “ A little Scotch, quick, Otaki! ” he

ordered the Japanese second man, who
appeared almost on the instant.

  The bronze clock was pointing to
three minutes to eleven. The young
man stepped back into the room, smi-
ling; the Scotch was placed on the
table.

  The clock struck full eleven.

  “Your glasses, governor — Mr.
Dryker. To the Russian prince!”

A MILITANT HEN

By Pearl A. Brown

    IT happened in the barnyard—

     A shrill, defiant cry;

    “ The female of the species,”

And she made the feathers fly.

In haste I sought the battle-ground,
Where I found old Uncle Ben;

    Says he: “ Dar’s suppin’ moughty wrong
      Wid dis pesky ole black hen.

“ She druve de hens all off de nests;

Dem aigs am jes’ a. sight;

An’ she run dem liT chickens roun’

Twel dey drap down in a fright.

De roosters try ter make ’er quit;

Ah’ de fu’st t’ing dat I know,

    She up an’ chase ’em down de creek,

An’ dey sho’ am laying low.

     “ I'se jes’ a ruminating,

Wot’s got dis ole black hen;

    She’s acting like dem wimmen fo’ks.

Wot ’lows ter boss de men.

    [You kin tell by de way she hollers .

Dat ’er mouf she’ll never shet;

She’s sho’ been hit by that loco-bug
Wot yo’ all galls ‘ Suffragette.’

“ ’Tain’t no use for man ter grieve
When woman plays de fool;

    De good book sez dat man am fu’st,

An’ woman he must rule.

An’ when de devil takes a hand
Wid de wimmen an’ de hens;

    It’s time fer man ter spile his game,

An’ see de trubble ends.”
The Joke—He Never Thought of B. V. D.

Fanning, mopping and grimacing, “Phew! howhot,’* wont
keep you cool, when the sun grills. B. V. D. will. It lifts
a burden from your body and weight from your mind.
You forget the heat, because you’re too busy “enjoying life”—
lounging, dancing, a game of golf, a bout at tennis, watching
a baseball game. Get into B. V. D. and look and feel cool.

                                        For your own welfare, fix the B. V. D.
                                        Red Woven Label in your mind and
                                        make the salesman show it to you.
                                        That positively safeguards you. On
                                        every B. V.D. Undergarment is sewed

This Red Woven Label

'madeTTorThE^

B.VD.

BEST RETAIL TRADE

(Trade Marl Reg. U. 8. Tat. Off. and
Foreign Countries)

  B. V. D.'Coat CutUndershirts’and Knee Length
  Drawers, 50c, 75c, $1.00 and SI.50 the Gar-
  ment.

B. V. D. Union Suits (Pat. U. S. A. 4-30-07.)
$1.00, $1.50, $2,00, $3.00 and $5.00 the Suit.

The B. V. D. Company,

New York.

London Selling Agency: 66, Aldertnanbury, E. C.
       You find them at every rendezvous
    of men of wealth and refinement—at
    the yacht club, the private beach, the
    gymkhana. Those deliciously mild,
    fragrant, fresh-rolled “Bull” Durham
    | cigarettes — as intimately suited to the
    taste and expressive of the personality of
    the smoker, as the fashionable fit of his
    attire, the equipage of his yacht.

  “Bull” Durham hand-made cigarettes have
an irresistible attraction for the experienced
smoker, because of their wonderful, unique
fragrance, their inimitable savory mildness,
found in no other cigarettes and in no other
tobacco. When you “roll your own” with
world-famous, mellow “Bull” Durham, you
experience a distinctive form of tobacco
enjoyment, supremely mild and satisfying.

Ask for FREE book
of 4 ‘papers ’' with
each Sc sack

       GENUINE

Bull Durham

    smoking tobacco

     (Enough for forty hand-made cigarettes in each 5c sack)

     An illustrated booklet, showing how to “ Roll Your w<itv firi
     Own,” and a Book of cigarette papers, will both be MkhM
     mailed, free, to any address in U. S. on postal request. 1 ImjIj

            THE AMERICAN TOBACCO COMPANY

       Address inquiry for free Booklet to “Bull” Durham, Durham, N. C., Room 1285

THE MUNSEY x'-HRS. NEW YORK.