A, Xj U S T ^$12b

V^A.. MUNSEY COMPANY.
'*£ f *

_ , orning, Have You Used

* fears’ Soap ” *“

In the Summer Time	>>\

It is well to remember that in going from home,
changed conditions are temporarily experienced,
which often act unpleasantly upon the skin.

       The best safeguard against such skin troubles
   is the frequent use of PEARS’ SOAP, which pro-
   tects the skin by its soft, pleasant, emollient action,
   and at the same time, insures the fullest beauty of
   complexion of which the skin is capable.

      The greatest skin specialists and the most
   celebrated beauties of the last 100 years have
   testified that, in hygienic and beautifying properties

     No Soap Has Ever Equalled PEARS

      All rights secured

OF ALL SCENTED SOAPS PEAKS' OTTO OF HOSE IS THE BEST.
                 The most wonderful
               musical instrument the
               world has ever known.

                        “Wonderful indeed!” you'll say after
                        hearing the Victrola, for this new instru-
                        ment is the greatest step forward made in
                        any musical instrument for many a day—since
                        the advent of the Victor.

                                The Victrola is the first and only instrument
of its kind. It is not simply a cabinet containing
another instrument, but is a complete instrument
in itself—specially designed and constructed, and
embodying new and exclusive patented features.

    A handsome cabinet to outward appearances, grace-
ful in design and beautiful in its simplicity. But what
a world of melody it gives forth! And what a wonder-
fully pure and mellow tone! Never before were the
great masterpieces of music—all the splendid Victor
music—played so sweetly and perfectly.

       “Where does the music come from?” you ask. Beneath the lid of the
   Victrola is a turntable 011 which the Victor Record is placed. From there the
   tone-waves are carried through the tapering arm down to the sounding board
   surface which amplifies and reflects them. And the melody floats out from behind
   the small doors which can be regulated to make the music loud or soft at will.

       This then is the Victrola—the most wonderful of all musical instruments.
    But you can’t know how wonderful it really is until you hear it, for the Victrola
    has a tone-quality such as is possessed by no other	—

    instrument.

         Hear the Victrola today at the nearest Victor dealer’s—he
    will gladly play it for you. Look for the Victor Dog on the
    inside of the lid.

         Write to us for complete catalogues of the Victrola, the
Victor—large range of styles, $10, $25, $32.50, $40, $50, $60, $100 1
, _r-and of over 3000 Victor Records.

   Victor Talking Machine Co., Camden, N. J., U. s. A.

I

   Victrola XVI

      Circassian walnut, $250

     Buartcred oak. • $200
     ahogany, • - • $200

      Music made loud or soft by
 opening or closing the small
 doors.

      Contains albums for 150 rec-
 ords and drawer for accessories.

              Berliner Gramophone Co., Montreal, Canadian Distributors.

 To get best results, use only Victor Needles on Victor Records.

     THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Victrola

                    A complete list of new Victor Records for July will be found
                    in the July number of Munsey’s and August Cosmopolitan.

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention Tub All-Stoky Magazine.
THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

You can readily make.

    doubles^
    with a *

Tllarlm

Repeating Shotgun

Because it combines guaranteed shooting ability with the sim-
plest and strongest repeating mechanism handles quicker and
shoots harder than any other repeating gun.

The Iffar/in solid top prevents powder and gases blowing
back, the side ejection of shells allows instant repeat shots.

The closed-in breechbolt keeps out rain, snow and sleet, and
the dirt, leaves, twigs and sand that clog up other repeaters.

   The double extractors pull any shell, two special safely
devices prevent the explosion of a cartridge while action is un-
locked, and the automatic recoil lock removes all danger from
hang-fires, making it the safest breech-loading gun built.

From the light-weight 6!. lbs.) 16-gauge to the new 7'. lbs. 12-gauge,
7/7ar7/n repeaters in all models, grades and styles are well-made, finely-
balanced guns, especially designed for hard shooting and quick handling.

Send 3 stamps postage for our complete sry -m /. jr._____/"*

136 page catalog ol all 7,Vnr/in repeat-	7/tar/tn firearms LO.,

ers. rifles and shotguns. Write to-day. 24 Willow St. NEW HAVEN. CONN.

$30000*10, OOOayear

IN THE REAL ESTATE BUSINESS (	1

     We will teach you by mail the Real Estate, General Brokerage aud
 Insurance Business, and appoint you

   SPECIAL REPRESENTATIVE

 of the oldest and largest co-operative real estate and brokerage company
 in America. Representatives are making $3,000 to $10,000 a year without
 any investment of capital. Kxcellent opportunities open to YOU. By our
 system you can make money in a few weeks without interfering with
 your present occupation. Our co-operative department will give you
 more choice, salable property to handle than any other institution in
 the world. Get your name on your own Real Estate Signs — big money in it.
 A Thorough Commercial Law Course FREE to Each
 Representative. Write for 62-page book, Free.

THE CROSS COMPANY, 2924 Reaper Block, Chicago

 APPLY TO

JOHN BROWN

WANTED--A RIDER AGENT

Ranker" bicycle furnished by us.
                              e/o

IN EACH TOWN

and district to ride

___________ and exhibit a iqoq

Our agents everywhere are making money

                   Model

      fast.	.	____________. . ...

                   NO MONEY REQUIRED until you receive and approve of your bicycle. We ship
                   to anyone, anywhere in the U. S. without a cent deposit in advance, prepay freight.
                   and allow TEN DAYS* FREE TK1AL during which time you may ride the bicycle and
                   put it to any test you wish. If you are then not perfectly satisfied or do not wish to keep
                   the bicycle you may ship it back to us at our expense and you will not be out otu cent.
                   CAPTARY DQIPCQ We furnish the highest grade bicycles it is possible to make at one
                   I MU I II11 I rniUbO small profit above actual factory cost. You save Jioto middlemen's
                   profits by buying direct of us and have the manufacturer's guarantee behind your bicycle. DO
                   NOT BUY a bicycle or a pair oftires from anyone atany price until^you receive our catalogues and

learn our unheard olfactory prices and remarkable special offers to rider agents.

 learn our unheard ol factory prices and remark/

YOU WILL BE ASTONISHED

when you receive our beautiful catalogue and study
our superb models ai the -wonderfully lino prices we
I can make for xooo. We sell the highest grade bicycles for less money than any other factory. We are

                        *	satisfied with $1.00 profit above factory cost. BICYCLE DEALERS, you can sell our bicycles
                        » under your own name plate at double our prices. Orders filled the day received.

                    SECOND HAND BICYCLES. We do not regularly handle second hand bicycles, but
                    usually have a numt*r on hand taken in trade by our Chicago retail stores. These we clear out promptly
                    J at prices ranging from #3 to #8 or $10. Descriptive bargain lists mailed free.

TIDCC PflACTER RDIIfCC single wheels. Imported roller chains an<l pedals,

I I ll Ed I U U AO I Ln "OnM IV tOf parts, repairs and equipment of all kinds at half the usual retail prices.

          ' DO NOT WAIT, but write today and we will send you free by return mail our large catalogue, beauti-
fully illustrated and containing a great fund of interesting matter and useful Information; also a ivonder/ulproposition
on the first sample bicycle going to your town. It only co&ts A postal to get everything. Write it now.

MEAD CYCLE COMPANY_Dept. H3I CHICAGO, ILL.

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The All-Stouy .Magazine.
The All-Story Magazine

CONTENTS FOR AUGUST, 1909
Six Serial Stories

WHEN THE WORLD STOOD STILL. Being probable chapters in
United States history, showing how an invention and a woman saved

the country.............................................JOHNSTON McCULLEY 577

PRINCE OF APACHES. Part II. The story of two men who went on a
love-chase up and down dim Parisian boulevards and into the dens of

Montmartre..........................................FRANK LILLIE POLLOCK 600

IN THE TARANTULA’S SKEIN. Part II. From the lives of three or
four men hours are taken bodily, while a mysterious enemy of

humanity works its will...................................J. AUBREY TYSON 626

HELEN OF TROUBLES. Part III. Dealing with several of the many
things a youth will do'for a lady in vicissitudes, especially if he has

a nose for news..................................................Meyram Hill 643

THE CATACLYSM. Part IV. How twenty-five brave men took ser-
vice in the graveyard of the sea, and how the ruin they wrought

engulfed the world.......................................Stephen Chalmers 660

THE YELLOW SARD. Part V. A tale of love and mystery, and of a

night of terror in Tangier..............................SIDNEY FREDERICKS 687

One Complete Novel

THE HIDDEN HATE. The body of a murdered man calls aloud for

vengeance, yet culprit and executioner are closer than brothers.......

__Howard Fitzalan	706

Nine Short Stories

Wallops.....................................Edgar Franklin..............................................593

The Signet of Kalikrates...........Helen Tompkins..........................................616

Shirt annie................................Frank Condon..............................................638

The Conqueror’s Flight...........George W. Wilson..................................655

pod Furs...................................George Allan England......................679

The Storm.................................Jennie Harris Oliver............................703

The Petaluma Product...............Kenneth MacNichol..................................735

My Lady of Windmills...............Edward Marshall........................................742

Protecting Polly.......................Ethellyn Brewer DeFoe..................762

BANNISTER MERWIN’S NEW SERIAL

 “IF A MAN DIE”

       will begin next month. Here is a story of two dead men,
       of revenge and of life after death.

ISSVED MONTHLY BY THE FRANK A. MVNSEY COMPANY,
175 Fifth Avenue, New York, arvd Temple House, Temple Avenue, E. C., London

Frank A. Monih, Prcal-tent.	Richard H. TimUMnni, Secretary.	Chri*tofiicr H. Pom, Trnaurtr.

Copyright, 1909, by The Frank A. Munsey Company

ENTERED AT THE NEW YORK POST-OFFICE AS 8ECOND-CLA8S MAIL MATTER.
THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Straight to the People

MUNSEY’S CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING

For the Individual, the Dealer, or the Manufacturer
Who has Something to Sell, Wants Help or Employment.

 BECOME a national advertiser. Let the whole country know what you have for sale or want to buy. Don't
 be confined to local territory or restricted by local conditions.

        Your announcement in MUNSEY'S will reach nearly 3,000,000 progressive, wide-a-wake, well-to-do
 people, scattered throughout every section of this wonderful country, from the Atlantic to the Pacific, from
 Canada to Mexico.

          Send us a postal asking for our free booklet, which describes fully the opportunities offered by the Classified
          Advertising Department in MUNSEY'S MAGAZINE and shows how^oi^can take-advantage of them.

 CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING DEPARTMENT, MUNSEY’S MAGAZINE, 175 Fifth Avenue, New York City

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention Tiie ALk-SroBX Magazine.

Never-Fail Co.	. N

1025 Nicholas Bldg..

Toledo, 0.	\

Please send, without any cost
whatever to me, one NEVER-FAIL

STROPPER for.................blades. At the

end of 10 days I will send you $3 or the stropper.

Try Our Way FREE

   Give us your honest judgment on the Never Fail
Perfect Stropper. It has cost us $15,000 io per-
fect it, and the money was well spent because it
has revolutionized the shaving problem.

         You want one if this ia true —

         Let US take the risk.

   We know that if we can prove to every All-Storv
reader who shaves himself—or should do so —that
the Never Fail will give a keener, finer edge than
he ever saw before, and will do it in four seconds,
he will fight before he gives it up. Just send in the
coupon below, and the Never Fail will goto you for
ten days' Free Trial—charges prepaid.

rT1l	J,	with perfect truth: •• Never before

I hpn IT Vftll rail I SJIV havelenjoyed such Shave,” SEND
men	u t-aii l oajr THE STROPPER RiaHT back.

Turn your daily shaving task into a real pleasure. You can’t go oil scraping pain-
fully at voiir face with ordinary razor edges, and preserve that healthful,
well-groomed look with which every gentleman should begin the dav.
The NEVER FAIL Perfect Stropper is made for ordinary blade's,
and every form of safely, including the Clauss—whether single
or double ed^ed. Just tell us the style of blade you use—
we will send the stropper wanted.

                           Every user of safety razors knows that mighty few
                           —if any — of lus blades are actually fit to use
                           until they are stropped. The Never Fail
                           will make every one of them good tor
                           from 50 to 150 perfect shaves, so it
                           pays for itself in motley as well
                           as time saved.

                                                Send no money, but send
                                                the coupon today—
                                                Don't miss one
                                                NEVER FAIL
                                                shave.

Ra*or.

Xo.2 Hilt SAKK1Y ltl,UlIS.

Be sure to state in the coupon the
Lind of blade you use.

NEVER-FAIL CO.

1025 Nicholas Building
Toledo, Ohio. U. S. A.

Name
Address

Citv.......................................State
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING

All-Story $1.00 a line. Argosy $1.50 a line. All-Story and Argosy combined $2.25 a line. Mini-
mum four lines ; maximum twelve lines. Ten per cent, discount for six consecutive insertions.

Theft classified page* are for the special convenience of the small advertiser, who wants	FORMS FOR

to e.i periment with magazine advertising. Thev are the stepping stone to the. display	„ i„i„ ic

pages. Send for free booklet describing the possibilities of classified advertising, pepiemoer Close JUiy 13

BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES

AGENTS & SALESMEN WANTED

  SALESMEN WANTED. No former experience required.
Traveling Salesmen are the best paid class of men in the
world. We will teach you to l>e one by mail in a few weeks
and assist you to secure a good position through our Free
Employment Bureau. We have assisted thousands of men
to secure good positions and better salaries. If you earn
less than fifty dollars a week and want to increase your
earnings, our free book "A Knight of the Grip” will show
you how. Write <»r call for it today. Address nearest office
Dept. 130 National Salesman's Training Association,
New York, Chicago, San Francisco, Kansas City, Minne-
apolis.___

  WANTED—Agent) to take orders for our men’s and
women's guaranteed hosiery. Easy seller, big profit.
Textile Mfg. Co., 43 Institute Place, Chicago, 111.

  Agents wanted for our new 25c. Darning Machines; just
out; weaves new heel or toe in sock in live minutes ; no sewing
machine required; works by hand. Send 15c. for sample or
$1.25 for doz. Hutton Co., Walnut St., Desk 6, Phlladel.

  JUST PATENTED, Young’s Button Hole Gauge Knife.
Nothing like It. Every woman wants one. One agent sold
107 at 25c each in one day, made $13.37. 15 other useful
rapid sellers. A. M. Young & Co.. 40 Young's Bldg..Chicago.

  AGENTS: Portraits 35c, Frames 15c, Sheet Pictures lc,
Stereoscopes 25c, Views lc. Portrait Pillow Tops 50c. Eng-
lish Art Plates $1. 30 days credit. Samples and free cata-
log. Consolidated Portrait Co., 218 W. Adams St., Chicago.

  Tailoring Salesmen, own your own business and make
$200 a month or more taking orders for our made-to-order
suits. No experience needed. Write today for free outfit.
WarrlngtonW.&W.Mills. 173 Adams St..Dept. 219.Chicago.

  Agents make big money selling our new sign letters for
office windows, store fronts, and glass signs. Any one can
put them on. Write today for free sample and full particu-
lars. Metallic Sign Letter Co.. 50 N. Clark St., Chicago.

  MEN OR WOMEN—Make $150 Monthly Sure, Selling
our new Buttonhole Cutter. Sample 10c: and over GO other
fast sellers. Write for territory; special offer: catalogue
five. A. Miller Co.. Box 155. Muskegon. Mich.

  WE WANT AGENTS TO SELL OUR VELVET TOOTH-
PICKS to every family on every street. Fifty to seventy-
live dollars a week can be made by doing it. Send ten cents
for samples. Velvet Toothpick Co., 184 Summer St.,
Boston. Mass.

  AGENTS WANTED IN EVERY COUNTY to sell the
Transparent Handle Pocket Knife. Big commission paid.
From $75 to $300 a month can be made. Write for terms.
Novelty Cutleby Co.. No. 78 Bar sr.. Canton. Ohio._

  IN%SIX MONTHS a boy made $1000 with our great
Simp & Toilet Combinations. Be a Davis agent—work six
hours a day—make $200 a month. Get our prolit sharing
plan. Davis Soap Co.. 70 Union Park ct.. Chicago.

  WANTED—Agents to solicit orders for Made-to-Measure
Underwear. Those taking orders • for Custom Shirts and
Clothes preferred. Big opportunity. Textile Mfg. Co.,
4G Institute Place, Chicago. 111. ___

  AGENTS—Strong profitable seller. Tom B. Burnett's mar-
velous moderate priced mattresses. Built from finest Texas
Cotton, guaranteed thirty years. Big profits. Tom B. Bur-
nett. Dept. G. Dallas. Texas.

  AGENTS CAN EASILY MAKE $10.00 A DAY selling our
Gold Window Letters. Novelty Signs, and Changeable Signs.
Enormous demand. Merchants must have them. Catalogue
free. Sullivan Co.. 403 W. Van Buren St.. Chicago.

__REAL ESTATE_

 TEN ACRES ENOUGH ON THE GULF COAST OF
TEXAS. Buy land, raise oranges, figs. berries, garden
truck, and be independent. Land now selling for $18 an
acre and up. Big returns. lovely season, delightful climate.
Ask for book folder •'Gulf Coastings'* free. G. C. Dobbin,
G. C. A.. G. C. & S. F. Ry.. Houston, Tex.

  BIG MONEY IN El'CALYPTS. the coming Hard Wood.'
Send stamp for I'. S. Government Reports of its growth,
its use. and how you can get acres of it in Sunny Califor-
nia. Address Lock Box 1G2. Modesto. Calif.

MACHINERY

  Ehvirie Supplies and Novelties. Catalog of 200 free. If
It's electric we have It. and we undersell all. Ohio Electric
Works, Cleveland, O.. world's headquarters for electric toys,
books, fan motors, dynamos, batteries. Fortune f«»r Agents.

  $3,000 to $10,000 yearly easily made in real estate busi-
ness: no capital required : we teach the business by mail,
appoint you special representative, assist you to success.
Valuable book free. Tiie Cross Co.. 2975 Reaper Block,
Chicago. See our other advertisement in this magazine.

  BE YOUR OWN BOSS: Start Mail-Order Business at
home; devote whole or spare time. We tell you how; very
good profits. Everything furnished. No Catalog outfit
proposition. For “Starter" and free particulars address,
A. S. Krueger Co.. 155 Wash. St.. Chicago, 111._

  WE START YOU in a permanent business with us and
furnish everything. Full course of instructions free. We
are manufacturers and have a new plan in the mail order
line. Large profits. Small capital. You pay us in three
months and make big profit. References given. Sworn state-
ments. Pease Mug. Co.. lo74 Pease Bldg.. Buffalo, N. Y.

  " BUILDING A BUSINESS ”—a book that tells how to
start mail order agency business, how to conduct business,
how to secure hundreds of agents to sell goods, how agents
will make you thousands of dollars annually. It’s free.
Robert Hicks, St. Louis, Mo.

  AN EASY WAY TO START a mail order business that
can be made to pay several thousand dollars annually; we
furnish every tiling and show you how. $25 to $100 neces-
sary to start. J. M. P. Lackey. 2231 La Salle St.. Chicago.

  !WRITE QUICK for my plan to make $25 to $50 i»er
week on a small Investment In my new Vending Machines.
Caille, 1300 Second Ave., Detroit, Mich.

HELP WANTED

  CIVIL SERVICE EXAMINATIONS will soon be held
In every state. Full information, and questions recently
used by the Civil Service Commission, free. Columbian
Correspondence Coi.LEi;j-:. Washington. D. C.

  LOCAL REPRESENTATIVE WANTED —S p 1 e n d 1 d
income assured right man to act as our Representative
after learning our business thoroughly by mail. Former
experience unnecessary. All we require is honesty, abil-
ity, ambition and willingness to learn a lucrative busi-
ness. No soliciting or traveling. This is an ex-
ceptional opportunity for a man in your section to
get into a big paying business without capital and become
independent for life. Write at once for full particu-
lars. Address E. It. Mnrden, President. Tiie National
Co-Operative Real Estate Co., Suite :i44. Marden Bldg.,
Washington. D. C._

  CIVIL SERVICE EMPLOYEES are paid well for easy
work: examinations of all kinds soon. Expert advice, sam-
ple questions and Booklet 1!>, describing positions and tell-
ing easiest and quickest way to secure them. free. Write
now. Washington Civil Service School, Washington. I). C.

  MEN WANTED QUICKLY by big Chicago mail order
house to distribute catalogues, advertise, etc. *25 a week.
$60 expense allowance first month. No experience required.
Manager. Dept. 503. 1245 State St.. Chicago_

  WANTED :—by "Uncle Sam"—Railway Mail Clerks, City
Carriers. Postofflee Clerks. Many examinations everywhere
soon. $600 to $10110 yearly. No “layoffs” because of poor
times. Short hours. Annual vacation. Salary twice monthly.
Over 8000 appointments to be made during 1909. Country
and city residents equally eligible. Common education suf-
ficient. Political influence not required. Candidates prepared
free. Write Immediately for schedule of examinations and
free bulletin. Franklin Institute, Dept. 112. Rochcster.N.Y.

  LOCAL REPRESENTATIVE WANTED—To sell Men’s
Clothing on credit, by largest credit clothing house in the
world. No capital required. Write for plan. Mentek A:
Hosf.nuloom Co.. 602 Cox Bldg.. Rochester. N. Y.

SEEDS AND PLANTS

  Ginseng—Cultivated Ginseng and Golden Seal seed and
roots now ready for planting. My book "Culture and Protlts
of Ginseng anil Golden Seal," with prices of seed and roots,
free. Send for It. D. Brandt, Box 345. Bremen. Ohio.

CIGARETTE-MAKING MACHINES

  CIGARETTE MACHINE works automatically; 50 perfect-
ly formed cigarettes from a 5c package of tobacco; weighs
one ounce and fits vest pocket. Sample Nickel or Gun Metal,
50c postpaid. Agents and Dealers write for particulars.
Esricii Mfg. Co.. 39 W. 25th St.. Dept. A.13, New York.

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The All-Stoby Magazine.
THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

                           PIANOS                                                    PATENT ATTORNEYS                         
GENUINE BARGAINS in High-Grade Upright Pianos.                PATENT SECURED or fee returned. Send sketch for free            
Slightly used Instruments: 8 Stetnways from $350 up; 6        report as to patentability. (luid< nook and What to Invent,     
1 -you A- Healys from $250 up: !> Washburns frnm $200 up:     with valuable list of Inventions Wanted, sent free. Ow Mil¬     
7 Kuahe's from $250 up: Chlckerlngs from $250 up; also        lion Dollars offered for one invention: $16.1100 for others.    
ordinary second-hand Uprights $75 up: also 6 very flue        Patents secured by us advertised free I11 World’s Progress;     
Parlor Grand pianos at about half. Write for full particu¬    sample free. Evans. Wh.kens & Co., Washington, D. C.            
lars. Cash .11- two years’ time. I.VON A- IIkai.y. 45 Adams   ABOUT PATENTS: Full information without charge.                 
St.. Chicago. We ship everywhere on approval. Fullest         Our free books tell what to Invent and how to obtain a          
guarantee with every piano.                                   patent. Write for them. Send sketch for free opinion.           
A 1'SED IMAM) with the manufacturer's guarantee gives         
the biggest value: we have many of the different standard     
PATENTS. 7 procure patent* that protect. Advice                 
and books free. Highest references. Best results.               
Watson E. Coleman, Patent Lawyer. Washington. D. C.             
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                
                     POPULAR SHEET MUSIC                      PATENTS THAT PROTECT. Our three books for                       
SAVE ONE-HALF ON ALL YOUR POPULAR MUSIC.                      Inventors mailed 011 receipt of six cents stamps.               
A postal will bring you our long list of jill the popular and It. S. A: A. It. I-acey, Dept. 05, Washington, D. C.            
latest hits. Semi*i.e MUSIC Co., 74 West Are., Norwalk,       Established lSil!».                                             
PATENT YOUR IDEAS. $S,500 offered for "lie inven¬               
tion. Book ” How to Obtain a Patent " and " What to             
TELEGRAPHY taught quickly. It. It. wire in school.            
Living expenses earned. Graduates assisted. Correspond-       
ence course if desired. Catalog free. Dodge’s Institute       
of Telegraphy. 37th St..Valparaiso,Ind. Established 1^74.     
                                                              
                          PHOTOGRAPHY                           
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                
                        FOR THE DEAF                          •* SPECIAL OFFER." Biggest bargain opportunity ev«*r            
THE ACOUSTICON MAKES THE DEAF HEAR                            
INSTANTLY. No trumiiet. unsightly or cumbersome               
apparatus. Special Instruments for Theatres and Churches.     
In successful use throughout the country. Booklet, with       
                   ELOCUTION & DRAMATIC ART                     
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                
DEAF? Invisible Ear I’elliclets. lately patented, quickly     Acting. Elocution. Oratory. We teach this fascinating and       
relieve Deafness and Head Noises. Make you hear well.         protltable art by mail and prepare you for the stago or         
Superior to anything 011 the market. Cost but little. Write   speaker's platform. Booklet on Dramatic Art Free. Chicago       
for booklet. The Pcllldet Co.. 497 Wash. St., Atlanta, Ga.    School of Elocution. 030 Grand Opera House, Chicago.            
                        MISCELLANEOUS                                              STAMPS AND RARE COINS                      
          TOBACCO HABIT CURED OR NO COST. Harmless            $5.75 Taid For Rare Date 1853 Quarters.---Keep all              
     home treatment. Ni Ko Ai.l-Stoky, Wichita. Kansas.       money coined l>efore 1875 and send 10 cents at once for a       
                                                              Set of 2 Coin & Stamp Value Books, 4x7. It may mean             
                                                              your fortune. C. F. Clark & Co., Dept. C, I-e Roy, X. Y.        
$1.00 by the Year

THE ARGOSY has the largest circulation of
any all-fiction magazine in the world. It has
steadily held this leadership against a host of
other fiction periodicals, simply by printing nothing
but the most entertaining stories and novels obtainable
at any price.

  No home where The Argosy is received ever
lacks entertainment.

  It is kept on the reading table months after most
magazines have been discarded. It is always fresh,
always bright, always has something to charm and
interest the reader.

   And its immense circulation is the best proof that
The Argosy fills the ever-present popular demand
for good fiction.

THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY

New York City

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The All-Story Magazine.
THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

  We Know the Man

who can make a success of your advertising. A quarter
of a century in the magazine and newspaper publishing
field has brought us in contact with every advertising
success in that period. It you are contemplating a
campaign in either newspapers or magazines, we want
to place you in touch with the man who can make good
tor you, just as he has made good tor some one else.

    If you make hats, we will tell you who have made the biggest
successes in advertising hats.

    It you manufacture shoes, we will suggest the man to take hold
of your advertising and make it pay.

    It you want to advertise a commodity which for various reasons
cannot be advertised successfully, we will be iust as frank in advising
you to save vour money.

•	J	J

    The point is, no manufacturer can properly say that advertising
will not pay him until he has gone over the ground with some one
who knows its possibilities.

    And no one knows the possibilities except through experience.

    We are willing to share more than twenty-live years of adver-
tising experience with you. Write to us, briefly outlining the nature
of your business, and we will show you how advertising can help it.

The Frank A. Munsey Company

175 Fifth Avenue, New York City

    Washington. D. C. Baltimore, Md. Philadelphia. Pa. . Boston. Mass.	Chicago, III.

      Munsey Bldg.	News Bldg. 612 Chestnut St. Old South Bldg. Commercial Bank Bldg.

p ur i C Munsey’s Magazine	The Argosy The Koston Journal

I unlisners ^ The Railroad Man’s Magazine The Scrap Book The Washington’Times
of J The All-Story- Magazine The Cavalier The Baltimore News

                              The Philadelphia Eyening Times
DEAFNESS

The Morley’Phone”

                     _ A miniature Telephone
                     for tlie Ear — Invisible,

                       JM easily adjusted, and en-
                       tirely comfortable. Makes
                       low sounds and whispers
                       plainly heard. Over flfty
                       thousand sold, giving Instant relief
                       from deafness and head noises.

                         There are but few cases of deafness
                         that cannot be benefited.

Writ* for booklet mid teBLlmoiiUI*.

THE MORLEY COMPANY, Dept. 71

Perry Bid*;., 16th and Chestnut Sts., Philadelphia

 Fm Motion Pictures

                        NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY as our In-
                        struction Book and ‘ 'Business Guide” tells al!.
                        We furnish Complete Outfit with Big Adver-
                        tising Posters, etc. Humorous dramas brimful

                             of fun, travel, history, religion, temperance
                             work and soncs illustrated. One man can do it.
                             Astonishing Opportunity in any locality for
                             a man with a little money toshowin churches,
                             school houses, lodge halls, theaters, etc. and

                     or'mto Five Cent Theatres

__Motion Picture Films and 8ong Slides rented.

  •	Profits $10 to over $100 per night. Others

do ft. why not you? It’s easy: write to us, we’ll tell vouhow. Catalog free.

   Amusement Supply Co . 1038.T -Qolden GateAve. .San Fran'cipro_
   Arizona Ruby EDEE

                To Introduce Our I
                Genuine Imported	1 “

          Mexican Diamonds

   We send FRKK, prepaid, a Genuine Arizona Ruby in the roueh, with Illus-
   trated Gem Catalogue. Mexican Diamonds exactly resemble linest genuine
   diamonds, stand a<‘id tests, are cut by experts, and yet we sell at one-fortieth
   the cost. Itrlllinney guaranteed permanent. Rest people wear them.
   KPK4l.tr OFFKR— *4 or 1 carat Mexican Diamond sent on approval
   at special price for 60c deposit, to show good faith. Money back if desired.
   Write today.

Mexican Diamond Imp. Co., Dept. EN8. Las Cruces, N.M.

CIVIL SERVICE-A JOB

THAT'S
SURE

 Steady positions with the Government at good
 ariea are secured by the Civil Service System to
 those who can pass the examinations. Write for
 /ivebook telling how you can qualify at home for
 these examinations at small cost. You need only
 be an American over 18 years of a«e to be eligible.

 International Correspondence Schools
 ■Ini NlH-t:	Sprniiton. I’a.

STUDY

LAW

  AT

HOME

The oldest and be9t school. Interaction by mail
adapted to every one. Recognized by courts and
educators. Experienced and competent instruc-
...... Tbre

tors. Takes snare time only. Three courses—
Preparatory, Business, College. Prepares ior
practice, will better yonr con-	/STfc *

dition and prospects in business.

Students and graduates every-
where. Full particulars and
Easy Payment Plan free.

The Sprague
Correspondence School
of I.aw,

686 Hajektlc Bldg, Detroit, Bleb.

The Railroad
Man’s Magazine
for August

 190 pages of
 the brightest,
 snappiest
 truth aiul fic-
 tion between
 magazine cov-
 ers. A rattling
 good number.

“Brakemen of the Good Old DaHs”

Some of the tight places the old-time
brakeman found himself in.

Ill Cents u Copy

 All Xcwg-BtanilH

 In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The Ai.l-Stobi Magazink

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

TO THE MAN WHO SHOOTS

HOPKINS & ALLEN

NEW MODEL No. 922 RIFLE

Is a marvel for accuracy and penetration—unexcelled
by any .22 calibre rifle made—a handsome gun,
beautifully balanced and guaranteed to the fullest
extent. Unusually well made and extremely reliable.

 The Take Down feature enables the rifle to be carried easily in suit case or
 trunk and facilitates cleaning. Made with the popular level action. Re-
 bounding hammer remains in safety notch when gun is not in use. Fitted
 with military butt-platc : adjustable Rocky Mountain step rear sight and rifled
 with our patented increase twist, which adds greatly to the effectiveness of the
 shooting. Handsomely oiled walnut stock and fore-end. Barrel 24 inches
 long. This new model rifle is a great improvement over our old model No. 922.

 No. 922—22 cal.,24 in. barrel, shoots 22 short,

 long or long rifle rim-fire cartridges - »pD.Ul/
 No. 932—32 cal., 24 in. barrel, shoots 32 cat., A/'

 short and long rim-fire cartridges - «pO.Ul/

 You can gel this rifle at all good hardware and snorting goods stores. See your
 own dealer. If he can't supply you, on receipt of price we will ship direct and
 guarantee sale delivery and satisfaction. Send 10 cents for a beautiful Cow-Qirl
 Poster, and add it to the decoration of your room. Write also lor our FREE 1909
 (iun Guide and Catalog. It describes all our different rifles, shotguns and revolvers.
 See what our prices save you and how you get a better arm at the same lim:.

The HOPKINS & ALLEN ARMS CO., 11 Chestnut St., Norwich, Conn.
THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

Vol. XIV.	AUGUST, 1909.	No. 4

WHEN THE WORLD STOOD STILL.

BY JOHNSTON McCULLEY.

 Being probable chapters in United States history, showing how
 an invention and a woman saved the country.

CHAPTER I.

•• A MILLION MEN HAVE DIED ALREADY.”

OUT of the west there flashed a
shaft of bright light. The watch-
ers at the Washington aeroplane
depot hailed it with cries of glad
relief. They watched as it dropped into
a focus, as it searched the heavens and
finally rested upon the depot. Then it
disappeared for a moment, and a red
light shot out and flashed back and forth
through the air.

"She’s signaling!” Eperson cried.

“ I didn't catch it,” answered Captain
Goodwin. “ Let’s go into the station.”

  The military man led the way, as they
ran across the broad steel platform, up -
the winding stairs, and to the signal-
tower. They burst into a room where
wireless receivers flashed their tiny blue •,
sparks of intelligence, where the steady
crashing of conflicting currents of elec-
tricity made a continual din, where coat-
less men, the . perspiration streaming
down their pale faces, stooped over key-
boards and tables, consulted maps, read
yards and yards of tape.

  “ The aeroplane signalman! ” Captain
Goodwin demanded.

  “ On the balcony, sir,” an attendant
replied.

  Goodwin raced to the balcony, Eper-
son following closely. The signalman
was snapping off a stream of green light
of great Intensity. A single flash of red
came from the approaching air-craft.

    1 S

 “ Good morning, sir,” the signalman
 said, catching sight of Goodwin’s pale
 face.

 “ Her message, man! This is no time
 for greetings! ”

 “ She says she is coming in to report,
 sir—that’s all.”

 “ Is it the Aragon? ”

  “ It is, sir.”

 “ She didn’t give details—didn’t say
 what she was going to report?”

 “No,sir.”

 Captain Goodwin grasped the oper-
 ator by the shoulders and whirled him
 around until the eyes of the two men
 glowed into each others’ less than six
 inches apart.

 “ You’re lying to me! You’re holding
 something back! ” the captain screamed.

 “ I can read the lie in your eves.”
 tt j_n

 “ Don’t lie. What are you holding
 back?”

 “ She didn’t say what she was going to
 report, sir.”

 “ But she said something besides ma-
 king the statement she was coming in?
 What was it?”

 “ She didn’t—”

 “ Tell me the truth! ” Goodwin cried.
 “Very well—I’ll tell you the truth!”
 the operator answered, hurling himself
 free. “ This is her message—that she has
 important reports to make; that they are
 for the President only—”

 “ I am the President’s chief of staff,
 fool! ”
578

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

  “ And the Aragon added, sir, that
under no circumstances was 1 to inform
you of the coming report—that the re-
port was for the President, and not for
you."

  “ You cur! ”

  The operator sprang forward quickly,
and came to a stop within a few feet of
where Goodwin stood, his eyes flashing
anger, his hands clenched.

  “If 1 were you, Captain Goodwin,”
he said, “ I wouldn’t say that again! ”

  “ You dare to threaten me? I’ll have
you thrown into jail for treason! I’m
your superior officer—”

  “ I belong to the signal corps, sir! ”

  “ And still I am your superior olfi-
cer—I, the President’s chief of staff.”

  “ You have not the right to call me a
cur! ”

  Eperson ran forward and sprang be-
tween the men.

  “ Fools—both of you! ” he cried.
“ You’re letting this thing get on your
nerves! This is no time for trivial quar-
rels. Goodwin, wake up, think! And
this operator—he’d better get back to#his
business.”

  Goodwin turned on one heel and start-
ed for the stairway. Eperson remained
behind and patted the tired operator on
the shoulder.

  “Never mind Captain- Goodwin’s
words,” he said kindly. “ This business
has unstrung all of us. And then you
hurt him a little with what you said.”

  “ I told him the truth, Mr. Eperson.
He demanded to know the truth. It’s
none of my business why the captain of
the Aragon sent such a message, but it is
my business to receive that message and
see that it is delivered according to in-
structions.”

  “ I understand,” Eperson replied.
“ Just let it drop, will you?”

   “ If you ask it, sir.”

  “ Thank you. Going down to the
room? ”

  “ No—I must remain on duty here un-
til relieved.”

  “ Ah ! How long have you been on? ”
  “ Twenty hours, sir.”

  “Twenty hours? At signal work?”

  “ I—1 know it is dangerous, sir. I’m
liable to make a mistake that will cause
trouble. Sometimes I get dizzy and my
eyes can scarcely read the lights. I made

the Aragon repeat her message, so as to
be sure there was no mistake. But what
can we do? Every signal man that
could be spared was rushed to the front.
They need them worst out there.”

  The operator waved a hand toward
the west. Eperson looked in that direc-
tion, watching the bright bow-light of
the approaching Aragon.

  “ How soon will she be in? ” he asked
the operator.

 “The Aragon, sir? In about an
hour, I think. She was one hundred and
forty miles out when she reported.”

  “ Thanks again. Well, I must go be-
low. Take care of yourself, boy.”

  “ Thank you, sir.”

  Eperson hurried across the signal bal-
cony and descended the steel stairway.
Captain Goodwin was pacing the floor
of the operating-room, his hands clenched
at his sides. He was cursing.

  An operator who was off duty for a
few minutes approached Eperson.

  “ You’re Captain Goodwin’s friend,
sir,” he said, “ and we wish you’d try to
get him out of this room. We know, of
course, sir, that the anxiety is crazing
him. But he is crazing us, too, and we
have to have good nerves.

  “ He knocked Cadwaller down a few
seconds ago, just because Cadwaller got
in his way. Captain Goodwin’s nerves
are broken, sir. We can’t have him
knocking operators round like that—
we’re short of men now.”

  Eperson bit his lip and looked an-
noyed.

  “ I’ll do what I can,” he said, and
walked around a keyboard and across
toward Goodwin.

  “ What were you doing so long on the
balcony? ” the captain demanded. “ Are
you against me, too, Eperson ? ”

  “Nonsense, man! You’re all un-
strung ! ”

  “Unstrung!” Goodwin cried, reeling
against the wall. He threw back his
head and laughed—a laugh that was not
pleasant to hear. “ You call me un-
strung! Who wouldn’t be?

  “The West is drenched with blood, the
sea is filled with shot-riddled ships, the
people are crying for food to west and
east and south and north. There are
widows and orphans by the million. Ep-
erson. Our great cities are in ruins—
WHEN THE WORLD STOOD STILL.

579

except those along the Atlantic. And
our last chance—No, it isn’t our last
chance, for even if they whip us out
there—•”

  “ Hush ! ” Eperson warned. “ There
are ears here! ”

  ‘“They may as well hear it! That
battle is decisive! It is our last chance.
But we’ll never give up. Every man
of us will go down to death first. The
United States of America never gave up
yet, and please Heaven they never will!
Eperson, I got a telegram from Cincin-
nati an hour ago. They are recruiting a
regiment of women out there. Think
of it—women! So you see we’ll never
give up! Perhaps you don’t under-
stand—”

  “ I'm a Britisher,” said Eperson sim-
ply, “ and so, you see, I do understand.”

  Goodwin looked at his watch, snapped
it shut and returned it to his pocket.

  “ Two o’clock in the morning,” he
said. “ And we haven’t had a message
since three yesterday afternoon. What
are-they doing out there in the West?”

  “ We’ll know soon,” said Eperson.
“ The Aragon will be in in less than an
hour.”

  “ The Aragon ! ” Goodwin exploded.
“ With that fool, Captain Howard, in
command. The contemptible pup ! Why
do you suppose he sent that message—
made a fool of me before that signal-
man ? ”

  “ I don’t know, Goodwin. Calm your-
self! Come out into the depot and get
the air. The troops have crowded out
the public—there, are not many people
about.”

  Goodwin allowed Eperson to guide
him from the operating-room. As they
stepped out upon the great receiving
platform, they could see that the Aragon
was much nearer, her bow-lights much
brighter.

  “ She’s flying fast,” said Eperson.

  “ But why in the world doesn’t How-
ard send his messages ahead of him?
Doesn’t he think we want to know?
Doesn’t he think the President wants to
know, that the people want to know?
Doesn’t he—”

  “ Wait,” Eperson said. “ Perhaps
he has some reason.”

  “ The Aragon is turning. Isn’t she
going to land here? ”

  “ Of course she’ll land here, Good-
win. Calm yourself! ”

  The chief of staff paced back and
forth across the steel platform.

  “ Calm! ” he cried. “ Who could be
calm in such a case, except a Britisher?
It isn’t your country that is tottering! ”

  “ Goodwin! ” Eperson exclaimed.
“ Vou forget that two months ago Brit-
ain formally tendered the United States
her armies and her navies to help you
against the Asiatics. Britain meant it,
Goodwin. It is as much to Britain’s in-
terest, and to the interest of every other
European nation, to see you whip them
as it is to yours. We offered our aid—
so did Germany—and France—”

  “ And we refused,” exulted Goodwin.
“ We told you it was our quarrel.”

  “ Which it isn’t. It started with you,
of course, but every European nation is
back of you. If you go down and out,
we’ll have to take it up. The Asiatics
cannot be allowed to win;- And maybe
they haven’t.”

  “ That’s our hope—that they haven’t,”
said Goodwin in a changed voice. “ If
they have—well, I’ll accept that regi-
ment of Cincinnati women, and I’ll call
for more regiments of women—”

  “ Is it worth it?” Eperson asked.
“Worth it?” Goodwin cried. “Ep-
erson, every city and town may be in
ruins, our capital may be burned, our
armies scattered, all slain but women and
boys and old men—and still we’ll fight!
We’ve drenched the nation in a sea of
blood already—a second drenching will
not hurt.

  “ Nine-tenths of the available able-
bodied men of -the country are out West
there now—facing a number equally
large, if not larger. If they are wiped
out, what can we do—but fight with
women ? ”

  “ Britain and Germany have their
fleets and transports ready, man! They
can sail at an hour’s notice! Ask for
them! ”

  “ No,” thundered Goodwin. “ Not
unless we win! ”

  “ Why, you’ll not need them if you
win! ”

  Goodwin laughed.

 “Won’t we?” he cried. “We’ll
need them, for if we win I will throw
every available man in the field. There’ll
580

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

be 110 quarter! The Asiatics have shown
us none. We’ll drive them into the sea,
then embark 011 the Pacific and go to
their own battle-fields, and we’ll put them
to the sword — men, women, and chil-
dren—”

  “ You talk like some brute of the
Middle Ages!”

  “ Who would not? Look what they
have done to us! Do you know my am-
bition, Eperson? ”

  “ Ambition—you? I thought you
were without ambition. You—chief of
staff, and yet you hold only the rank of
captain and will accept nothing higher!
You, the greatest man in your country
to-day, before whom every one bows,
whom the President himself looks to
for counsel before his Cabinet officers—
you, a mere captain! And yet you now
sav you have ambition! Well—what is
it?”'

  Captain Goodwin wheeled and faced
him. In the path of light from a near-
by window, the warrior’s face was stern.

  “ Eperson,” he said, “ my ambition is
to be the man to wipe the Asiatics off
the map of the world—not the Asiatic
countries, but the Asiatics themselves. I
don’t want one left alive. I want to
have them hunted in every corner of the
earth and slain like dogs, I want—”

  “ Goodwin! Are you mad—are you
inhuman ? ”

  “ That is my ambition,” said Goodwin
sternly.

  “ You mean it ? ”

  “ I mean it, Eperson.”

  The Britisher turned away.

  “ I’m sorry,” he said. “ We’ve been
good friends for years.”

  “What do you mean, Eperson?”

  “ Simply that I admire a warrior that
never cries surrender—but I do. not ad-
mire a warrior who could exterminate a
conquered foe, who would cry * thumbs
down’ to a vanquished rival. You’re
mad, Goodwin ; you’re unstrung! ”

  “ I mean what I said,” Goodwin de-
clared. “ If that changes your friend-
ship, so be it! ”

  “ Goodwin! ”

  “ So be it, I say! I’m done with
you! ”

  Eperson looked at him for a moment,
then turned and walked slowly across
the platform.

  “ He’s mad,” he muttered. “ But he’ll
be all right to-morrow—yes, lie’ll be all
right to-morrow! ”

  Captain Goodwin remained 011 the
landing-stage, watching the Aragon. She
was within a few miles now, and coming
up swiftly. The chief of staff could see
men moving on her deck, could see all
her lights, could see her gigantic wings
beating the air, and could hear the dro-
ning music they made.

  He retreated to the edge of the stage
as the great air-craft hovered over the
depot. Men were crying to each other
within, but trained troopers held them
back. No person except Captain Good-
win, chief of staff, was on the stage as
the Aragon gracefully settled into posi-
tion.

  From the streets below came the cries
from thousands of throats. Lights were
flashing throughout the city. The people
were eager for the news, good »r ill.

  As the ship rested lightly in its place
and its wings ceased beating the air, a
landing stage was thrown out. Goodwin
was upon it before it touched the steel
flooring, and running up into the ship.
The first man he met was Captain How-
ard, who was hurrying toward the stage.
“ Wait! ” Goodwin commanded.
Captain Howard fell back and saluted.
“ Well, sir?” he asked.

  “ You sent a message—an impudent
message—to the receiving station! ”

  “ I did not intend to be impudent, sir.
My message was that I had important
reports for the President only, and that
the President was to be awakened at
once.”

  “ That was not all.”

  “No, sir! I said, also, that the re-
ports were for the President personally,
and not for his chief of staff. I said
that to make sure the President would
be awakened. It is imperative.”

  “ Has the President any secrets in this
matter from his chief of staff?” Good-
win demanded.

  “ You misunderstand, sir. I carry
with me an envoy from the hostile
armies, who wishes to see the President
personally. General Bell, chief in the
field, granted this envoy safe conduct,
and promised that he should see the
President.”

  “ Captain Howard,” Goodwin cried.
WHEN THE WORLD STOOD STILL.

581

“ if you have brought to this city a man
of the enemy who is to propose our
capitulation, I’ll have you shot for a
coward! ”

  Howard turned white, then walked up
close to the other man.

   Perhaps it is not to propose our
capitulation! ” he thundered.

 “What do you mean?” Goodwin
cried. “ We have won ? ”

  “ We have had much the best of the
day’s fighting, sir. And before you call
me a coward again. Captain Goodwin,
have the goodness to remember that I
have taken my ship and my men across
the enemy’s field of battle, that my ship
has been riddled with shot, that her decks
have been washed with blood—while you
paced the landing-stage at Washington
a thousand miles or so away, out of
harm’s zone! ”

  Goodwin sputtered with wrath; finally
he spoke.

  “ You want to see me at the front,
eh? ” he cried. “ You shall see me there
soon, sir! You'll see me drive the
Asiatics into the sea! But as to your
words just now—a court-martial shall de-
cide, sir, between the two of us! ”

  “ I am willing, sir,” Captain Howard
replied. “ And now, if you please, I’ll
prepare to go to the. President. Allow
me to suggest, sir, that you make your
way to the War Department, for you’ll
be needed in the council-chamber.”

  “ 1 make my way where it pleases me
best,” said the chief of staff.

  He walked angrily down the stage,
went into the depot, and descended to the
street. 'The news of the day’s victory
had gone before him. Cheers greeted
him as he emerged within sight of the
throng.

  “ You shall have your revenge,” he
said, stepping out upon a balcony and
waving his hands at the thousands below
him. “ We’ll not stop until we’ve driven
the Asiatics from the face of the earth! ”
A tempest of cheers greeted his speech.
He got into a carriage, and the crowds
gave way for it as the driver whipped up
the horses. The driver was an old man
—he had three sons somewhere in the
West, sleeping in army uniforms and in
nameless graves. There were tears in
the old man’s eyes as he guided the
horses through the crowded streets.

  “ He said he’d drive them from the
face of the earth,” the old driver said to
himself. “ That means years and years
more of war. Years and years more—
and a million men have died already! ”

CHAPTER II.

“ THE SUN SHALL NOT RISE TO-DAY.”

  Once out of the crowd which thronged
the streets surrounding the aeroplane de-
pot, the driver lashed his horses into a
gallop, and the carriage of the chief of
staff dashed through the avenues. Long
since, the use of automobiles had been
abolished, likewise the use of individual
air-craft, for the navy of the air had use
for all fuel supplies.

  Captain Goodwin lay back against the
cushions, his eyes closed, his breath com-
ing in quick gasps. His head pained
terribly; his fingers twitched nervously.

  Yes—Eperson had been right, he was
all unstrung. He didn’t feel like himself
at all. What were the words he had
said to Eperson, to that crowd? Well—
110 matter! They would amount to noth-
ing. His head felt queer. He wondered
whether his mind was giving way under
the great strain.

  The carriage drew up before the War
Department building at last, and a wait-
ing trooper threw open the door. Cap-
tain Goodwin passed the soldier without
acknowledging his salute, hurried up the
steps, and went up to his own office. A
sleepy aide sprang to his feet from a
chair as the chief of staff entered.

  “ Anything? ” Goodwin snapped.

  “ Reports from the South and West,
sir, but not from the field of battle.
We’ve lost three more ships in the Gulf
of Mexico. 'The German emperor has
given out an interview in which he says
his fleets are ready to sail in an hour’s
time, and that unless the United States
accepts his offer of help, he may take the
initiative and forward his transports to
Mexico, having his troops enter the west-
ern country across the border.”

  “ He’ll hardly do that, I think,” Good-
win muttered, smiling.

  “ The several chiefs and Cabinet offi-
cers are in the council-room, sir, awaiting
the President.”

  “ Very well.”
582

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

  “ You’ll go in at once, sir?”

 “No!” cried Goodwin. “I'll go
when they request my presence! ”

  The aide looked astonished.

  “ Very well, sir,” he said.

  The chief of staff entered his private
office, threw open a desk, and took down
a file of papers. Again he paused, and
placed his hands to his head, as though
to slide the pain that was there.

  “ I wonder—” lie began.

  In the outer office there were voices,
hut the chief of staff gave them no atten-
tion. Messengers were always arriving
with reports and maps and requisitions
for supplies that the department could
not grant. Presently some one knocked
at his door. The chief of staff did not
respond. He felt that he wanted no in-
terruption.

  An hour passed; there came another
knock at the door.

  “ Well ? ” Goodwin cried.

  His aide entered and stood before him.

  “ The President requests your presence
in the eouncil-room. sir.”

  “ Tell the President I’ll be there in a
few minutes,” the chief of staff replied.

  Again the aide looked astonished, but
he carried out the order. Goodwin fin-
ished smoking his cigar, rose, and passed
through a private door and a private cor-
ridor to the council-chamber. He was
still angry, still unable to control him-
self.

  He threw open the door and entered
the chamber. Without speaking to those
assembled, he made his way to his ac-
customed seat and sat down. He heard
the President’s voice:

  “ We have waited some time for you,
Captain Goodwin.”

  “ I beg your pardon—there were duties
that had to be performed,” the chief of
staff replied.

  He raised his head. The members of
the Cabinet were before him, the chiefs
of departments of the army and navy.
Captain Howard, of the Aragon, was
there, too. All were looking at Goodwin.

  “ Well? ’’ Goodwin asked.

  “ We have considered everything in-
formally before asking you to join the
conference,” the President said. “ The
matter can now be placed before you in
a complete state.

  “ Reports from General Bell, in the

field, tell of the first day’s battle—yes-
terday’s—in Central Illinois. We also
have reports from Wyoming, where the
second army is engaged. These reports
were relayed to us by the Aragon. That
is the only means of communication re-
maining, as you well know.”

  “ Well ? ” asked Goodwin again.

  “ We have checked the advance of the
Asiatics in Illinois, have turned their
flank. And in Wyoming we have been
successful, too. The greater army of
the Asiatic advance, now in Illinois and
Wisconsin, may find itself hemmed in by
our two armies. Extermination would be
possible, of course, in that event.

  “ But the enemy is outdone, Captain
Goodwin. We may now give thanks—
for the end of this cruel war is in sight.”

  “The end? The beginning, you
mean! ” Goodwin cried, springing to his
feet. “ Mr. President—and you, gentle-
men—I held out all along against asking
aid of any European nation, because it
was my pride to have it written on his-
tory’s pages that we conquered unaided.
We have conquered—and alone.

  “ Now, gentlemen, I am in favor of
taking the aid of every nation that offers
help, of sending thousands of battle-
ships and transports to the Asiatic coun-
tries, of sending fleets of air-ships, of
sending gigantic armies, of putting to
the sword and bayonet every Asiatic—
man, woman, or child—of exterminating
the race. It is the only revenge we can
exact! ”

  “ Captain Goodwin,” said the Presi-
dent, with sorrow in his voice, “ I regret
that you speak so. I have had it reported
that you uttered such sentiments in pub-
lic a short time ago. Do you realize
what it means? It would be inhuman,
a hardship upon our own people.

  “ Our country is in ruins as far East
as Illinois. There is not a town of con-
sequence standing in the West. Corn-
fields have been turned into cemeteries
these past five years. We are bankrupt.
If peace comes now, and the great nat-
ural resources of our country are properly
conserved, we can be a prosperous nation
again in a few years; but the pain and
sorrow already caused will endure a cen-
tury. Think, Captain Goodwin! Would
it not be better to end it now—with
honor?”
WHEN THE WORLD STOOD STILL.	583

  “With honor?” Goodwin cried.

  “ Yes—with honor. Captain Howard
has brought us, on the Aragon, an envoy
from the enemy. He is Count Kashuma.
He asks us to sign a peace protocol to
hold while representatives consider terms
of ending this war. Count Kashuma
admits that t,he Asiatics are weary of the
useless struggle.”

  “ He comes at an excellent time—now
that his armieS face defeat,” sneered
Goodwin. “ Why did he not come three
months ago, when he was victorious ? ”

  “ The man who cries ‘ enough ’ is en-
titled to some consideration,” the Presi-
dent replied.

  “ And he wants a peace protocol, eh? ”
“ I have said as much, Captain Good-
win.”

  “ I am not in favor of it. I am in
favor of calling upon Europe to enter a
war of extermination.”

  “ European nations have assured me,
within the past few hours, that they, too,
want this war to end and trade relations
resumed. When we were in danger, they
stood ready to help. Now that we are
turned conquerors, they request that we
accept the chance offered by the enemy.
It is a protocol they ask for, captain. If,
when the representatives meet, their terms
do not suit us, we are at liberty to follow
precedent.”

  “ Give them their protocol! ” Goodwin
cried. “It is now four o’clock in the
morning. Send word that peace endures
to-day and to-night. But when the sun
rises to-morrow morning, the cannon
shall roar again, unless in the meantime
the Asiatics agree to our demands.”

  “ I am glad that you make even this
concession,” the President said. “ You
have been a valuable man, captain, and
I should hate to have to disagree with
you now. But what can representatives
do in twenty-four hours?”

  “ Anything, when they know they
must,” said Goodwin.

  “ Let us have Count Kashuma in,” the
President said.

  An attendant went out, and returned,
followed by the count, in uniform.

  “ Count Kashuma,” the President said,
“ we have been considering your propo-
sition. Captain Goodwin, here, thinks
the protocol should endure only until sun-
rise to-morrow morning.”

  The Asiatic turned and looked at
Goodwin keenly. Then he faced the
President and spoke in English in a
penetrating tone.

  “ Your excellency,” he said, “ it was
because we feared something like this
that it w:as requested I see you before
you held conference with Captain Good-
win. He is known to our people as a
cruel, relentless man, whose methods of
warfare are almost inhuman.”

  “Sir!” Goodwin exclaimed.

  The President silenced him with a
wave of the hand.

  “ Continue, Count Kashuma,” he said.

  “ We have fought for five years,” the
count said, “ and with honor to both
sides. You Americans are a brave people,
a nation of fighters. We of the East are
weary of the long war, although, up to
the present time, victory has been with
us as much as with you. Our women are
weeping their hearts away, our treasuries
are empty, our homes are wrecked be-
cause of absent loved ones, our fields lie
idle and the weeds grow in our streets.
The great conflict was inevitable, as wise
men said half a century ago.

  “ We have suffered, and you have suf-
fered. Honors have been even. Why
not cease this war? Why not let us take
our armies away? Why not make terms
of peace that will be honorable to both?
In days gone by, history tells us, the
United States was always ready to en-
force peace among the nations of the
world. I do not say this in the nature of
a rebuke.”

  “ It is a rebuke, justly given and de-
served,” the President said in a tone of
sorrow. He looked across the table at'
Captain Goodwin. “ We have drifted
far from our early principles,” he added.

  “ You mean that I am the cause of
this change? ” the chief of staff asked.

  “ I did not intimate that, sir,” the
President responded. “ Let us have an
end of this! Count Kashuma, go back
to your army on the Aragon and com-
municate with your commanders. Cap-
tain Goodwin will communicate with ours
immediately. This word shall go forth—
that a peace protocol shall endure until
sunrise to-morrow morning, that repre-
sentatives of the Asiatics shall come im-
mediately to this building, under safe
conduct, and meet our representatives.
584

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

Terms of peace shall be discussed. We
will see whether anything can be ac-
complished under Captain Goodwin’s
plan.”

  “It is a short time to discuss the set-
tlement of five years’ war,” Count
Kashuma said.

  “ Not necessarily,” Goodwin put in.
“ I shall lay terms before you. If you
agree—well and good. If you do not—
the war continues.”

  “ These terms, I trust, will be honor-
able to both sides,” said the count.

  “ They shall be what I and the Presi-
dent see fit to make them! ” Goodwin
answered.

  “ Captain Goodwin,” cried the Secre-
tary of War, “ you seem to think you are
dictating in this matter. You seem to
forget—”

  “ I forget nothing, sir,” Goodwin in-
terrupted. “ And I remember that many
times you and your colleagues would
have acted like cowards and white-
livered curs, except for me.”

  Every man in the room sprang to his
feet and glared down at Goodwin. The
President walked a step forward.

  “ Captain Goodwin,” he said, “ you
have insulted a peace envoy here under
safe conduct. You have insulted the
President of the United States and his
Cabinet officers, and you have spoken
words which show that you are a man
dangerous to the best interests of our
country.

  “ The United States shall not be ruled
by a military dictator, sir. 1 begin to
fear that I have trusted you too much
already, that I have listened too long to
your counsel. Your sword, sir! ”

 “What do you mean?” Goodwin
cried, springing to his feet.

  “ I mean that you are no longer my
chief of staff, that you are no longer an
officer of the United States army. I shall
appoint a new chief to-morrow.”

  Goodwin drew his sword, broke it
across his knee, and threw the fragments
at the President’s feet.

  “ There, sir! ” he cried. “ I am no
longer chief of staff of your army! But
I command the army just the same! ”

  “You mean treason?” cried all, in a
breath.

  “ If it is treason to take things in hand
when other men would dishonor the coun-

try, then it is treason. I command the
army—it obeys my commands. There
shall be no peace protocol! See these
—and these! ”

  He took from his blouse bundles of'
messages.

  “ They shall be on their way to the
front in ten minutes! ” he cried, backing
to the door. “ The commanders in the
field take their orders from me!

  “ Stop these messages, countermand
these orders, if you can. Place me under
military arrest, if you dare! The people
are with me in this! At sunrise the can-
non shall roar again! I’ll wipe the
Asiatics from the face of the earth! I’ll
begin at sunrise this morning! ”

  He turned and dashed through the
door, slammed it shut, leaving them
standing there appalled. Unconsciously
the President muttered the words the old
carriage-driver had used just before:

 “ And a million men have died
already! ”

  The Secretary of War threw himself
into a chair, and sobbed, his overwrought
nerves breaking. Other strong men in
that room were in tears. Count Kashuma
stood to one side of the table, his face
show ing no emotion.- '

  “ He will begin at sunrise this morn-
ing,” echoed an aide.

  “ Then the sun shall not rise to-day! ”
exclaimed a piercing voice from the other
door.

CHAPTER III.

  “the world is standing still.”
  All turned!

  Professor Selester stood there—one of
the greatest scientists of the age, honored
by scientific men throughout the world,
a cousin of the President, and one- of the
President’s household.

  He was a little, dried-up man of fifty
years. His face was unsoiled by beard,
and every bone in it seemed to show
through the tightly stretched skin. His
eyes—black and piercing—peered forth
at them.

  “ What do you mean, Professor Seles-
ter? ” one of the group asked.

  “ I mean exactly what I have said.
The sun shall not rise this morning. Do
you wish it would not? Do you wish
WHEN THE WORLD STOOD STILL.

585

  darkness would shroud the earth to pre-
  vent Captain Goodwin carrying out his
  purpose? He is a man of his word, and
  he has said he will not renew hostilities
  until the sun rises. Would you like to
  know that the sun will not rise until you
  have time to cope with the situation?”

    “ If that could only be,” sighed the
 President.

    “ It can be,” replied Professor Seles-
  ter. “ Give the word, if you wish such a
  thing to come about.”

   “Are you sane? Do you mean it?”
 cried the others.

   “ I am sane—and I mean it. But the
 President must give the word.”

    “ Why should you await the word from
 any one? In the name of humanity, do
 this thing, if you can.”-

   The Secretary of War sprang to his
 feet.

    “ We’re all insane—all unstrung! ” he
  cried. “What are you talking about?
  What human being can bid the sun stand
  still and have it obey?”

    “ Not1 the sun, but the earth,” replied
Professor Selester. He turned again to
, the President. “ Will you give the word,
cousin? ” he asked.

   “What would it mean?”

    “ It would mean night until matters
 are adjusted; it would mean a stop to
 this cruel war until the daylight came
 again. And the daylight will not come
 again until you give the word for that, too.

    “ I mean it will be four o’clock in the
  morning eternally, until you desire the
  earth to resume its normal movements.
  It means eternal day on the other side of
  the world, of cpurse. Are you willing to
  take the responsibility, cousin ? ”

    “ I am willing to do anything to save
  my country from further useless blood-
  shed,” replied the President. “ If you
  could only do this thing, hold off the
  sunrise until we can cope with the situa-
  tion—”

    “ I can do it, cousin. I have done other
  things."

   “ Yes. yes—we know! The nations of
 the world have knelt before you and your
 scientific works. But this—stopping the
 world in its tracks—”

    “ That’s exactly what I can do,” re-
  plied Professor Selester. “ I can make
  the world stand still. And when such an
  event has served its purpose, I can make

the old world continue on her endless
journey.”

  “ This is the age of science,” said the
Secretary of War, “ But such a thing as
you propose, professor, cannot be done.
And if it could, your offer would be
worthless now. The time is too short.
Sunrise is less than two hours away.”

  “ The time is not too short, for every-
thing is in readiness,” the scientist re-
plied. “ I have been prepared for several
days, waiting until such a thing should be
needed. That tower on the hill, which
I built last summer, is my workshop.
From that tower I can make the world
stand still.”

  “ Enough! ” the President cried.
“ Whether you can do this thing, or not,

I	do not know. But I give the word.
If you can delay the rising of the sun,
do it. And the rest of us—why, there’s
no time to be lost. Goodwin—”

  “ Goodwin is crazed,” the Secretary of
War said.

  “ Yes; he is crazed,” replied the Presi-
dent. “ He is not like himself, has not
been for several days. I have noticed it.
We must do what we can to prevent him
carrying out his purpose. Secure him, if
you can; place him in irons, not as a
traitor, but as an insane person. He has
served his country well up to now. Let
us not degrade him.”

  Professor Selester pushed the Secretary
of War to one side, as he said:

  “ The telephone—I must have it! ”
The others made way for him, and he
sat down before the instrument.

  “ Go on with your work,” he said to
the others. “ Pay no attention to me.
I’ll do my part in this affair. Go ahead
and issue your orders to your armies, stop
Goodwin—do anything you wish. Every-
thing will be as before, except that the
world will stand still.”

  “ We must secure Goodwin,” said the
Secretary of War.

  He beckoned several young officers to
him, and issued orders. The Cabinet
officers went away, one by one. Presently
no one remained except the professor, the
President, and Count Kashuma.

  “ I desire to be alone,” the professor
said.

  The President arose and opened the
door to an adjoining room. He motioned
for the count to enter.
586

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

  Professor Selester called a number. A
 girl’s sweet voice answered him.

   “ Selma? ” he asked.

   “ Yes, father.”

   “ Everything is all right?”

   “ Yes, father.”

  “ Start the machinery at once, as I
 showed you.”

   “ You are going to do it, then? ”

  “ It is the only way. daughter. More
 blood will flow if we do not. Start the
 machinery—quickly—and reverse the big
 machine a little, just as I demonstrated.
 Watch for my return.”

   “ Yes, father.”

   “ Throw the current into the protectors,
 too, and let no one conje near the tower
 except myself. When 1 come, let me in
 if I am alone, but not otherwise. You
 understand, daughter? Not otherwise.”

   “ I understand, father.”

  “ Throw the switch while I hold the
 line.”

  The girl left the instrument at the
 other end of the wire. In a few moments
 she was back again.

   “ I have done it, father.”

  “And everything is working all right?”
  “ Yes.”

   “ Keep it so until 1 return.”

   “Yes, father.”

   Professor Selester hung up the receiver,
 got up from the chair, chuckled to him-
 self and rubbed his hands together in
 satisfaction.

  “ We shall see.” he muttered. The
 world stands still. Very well, we shall
 see if war continues.”

  He started to make his way across the
 big room, walking slowly, his head bent
 low on his breast, still rubbing his hands.
 Half-way to the door through which the
 President and Count Kashuma had dis-
 appeared he came to a quick stop. That
 other door had been thrown open vio-
 lently.

  Captain Goodwin had staggered into
 the room, his eyes aflame, a smoking re-
 volver in his hand, a bunch of messages
 in the other. He slammed the door again,
 and shot the bolt.

  “Hounds!" he screamed.

  Professor Selester cowered against a
 table, and Captain Goodwin turned and
 saw him.

  “So! The little scientist!” he cried,
 his lips twisting into a gruesome smile.

“ And what are you doing here ? To
your kennel, you! This is a place for
warriors, not scientists. We want no old
women here. Quit the building, or I’ll
have you shot for a spy! ”

  Professor Selester did not answer, but
tried to walk toward the door. Some one
was beating upon the one Goodwin had
just entered. There was a storm of cries
in the outer corridor. Some of the words
made the professor’s face'turn paler still.

  “ Well? ” the captain cried. “ Are you
going to leave the building? Shall I
pour hot lead into you, you rat?”

  “ I’ll go—I’ll go! ” the professor mut-
tered.

  “ Not through that door. The President
is in there. And that Asiatic is with him.
Not into that door, but out the back way.
I’m going in to see the President my-
self.”

  “ You’ll not hurt the President! ”
Selester screamed.

  “ Stand out of my way! ”

  “ You’ll not hurt—” began Selester.

  The outer door fell with a crash, and
half a dozen troopers rushed across it and
into the room, weapons in their hands.
Goodwin turned to face them, firing into
the mob. One trooper fell sprawling,
coughing blood. But the others came on.
A man in front raised his rifle.

  “ Drop it! ” Goodwin cried.

  The captain’s revolver spoke again, and
the man fell beside his comrade.

  “ At him ! ” a voice cried.

  The opposite door opened, and the
President stood framed in it.

  “ What does this mean?” he demand-
ed. “ Goodwin, put up that revolver!
Put it up ! ”

  The ex-chief of staff whirled on one
heel, and raised the weapon.

  “ As for you—” he screamed.

  There was a cry from every throat, a
quick dash forward by the foremost of
the pursuing troopers, the quick dash of
another from one side, a spurt of flame,
a cloud of smoke—and then those behind
saw the President standing wreathed in
smoke, but unharmed, saw Goodwin on
the floor in the grasp of two troopers,
saw the body of a man lying between the
captain and the President—a man who
tried in vain to rise to a sitting posture,
who pressed one hand to his breast, from
which gushed the blood.
WHEN THE WORLD STOOD STILL.

587

  It was Professor Selester!

  The President gave a cry and bent on
his knees beside the wounded man.

  “ I tried to save you, cousin,” the pro-
fessor muttered.

  “ A surgeon—a surgeon! ” the troopers
were crying.

  “ I tried to save you, cousin.”

  “ But at what a cost,” the President
said. “ And all is lost now. Captain
Goodwin sent his orders before the men
got to him, so I was just told in the other
room. Now you are wounded, and your
work—”

  The President ceased speaking, for the
professor’s head had fallen to one side.
A military surgeon hurried into the room.

  “ Here, first,” the President directed,
pointing to the professor. “ Everything
depends upon this man.”

  Goodwin was still struggling with the
two troopers, but they soon subdued him.

  “ Take him to another room, and
guard him well,” the President directed.
“ I’ll attend to him presently. See that
no news of this is spread abroad.”

  Then they waited for the surgeon’s
verdict, watched while he gave first aid
to the professor’s wound. Presently he
placed the wounded man back upon the
floor, and stood up.

  “ Well ? ” the President asked.

  “ He is badly wounded."

  “ He will die?”

  “ There is a chance to save him—if he
has good care.”

  11	He must have the best of care. Have
him removed to the White House, and
assign the best of nurses and physicians.
I will telephone ahead myself, and have
things in readiness. Take my carriage—
it is at the main entrance. We must
save him. Everything depends upon him
now.”

  “ He is regaining consciousness,” a
trooper said.

  The President bent over his cousin.

  “Are you—all right?” the professor
asked.

  “ Yes, yes,” the President answered.
“ We’ll get you well, cousin. Fight to
save yourself; that will help the doctors
most. We’ve lost now, but there’ll come
a better time, perhaps. Captain Good-
win’s orders have gone to the front, and
the bloodshed will continue for a time.
Then—when you are able—we can let

you stop it. God help our country now.
A madman is wrecking its ruins! ”

  “ What was it he—what was it Good-
win—said? I—forget.”

   “ He said the battle would be resumed
at sunrise, cousin—those were his orders
to the front. We can do nothing now.”
“Nothing!” cried the wounded man.
A wonderful light flashed in his eyes.
“ We have done everything,” he added.
“ I did it, by telephone, while you were
in the other room.”

  “What do you mean?” the President
cried.

   “ I mean that the sun will not rise this
morning. No—even now—the world is
standing still! ”

CHAPTER IV.

“ THE PASS DOES NOT MENTION YOU.”

  No one but the President heard the
words. The chief executive of the na-
tion rose with the light of unbelief in his
eyes. He turned and walked to a win-
dow as members of the ambulance corps
took Professor Selester from the room.

  Outside, night prevailed, and the
thousands of lights flashed throughout
the city. Soldiers hurried through the
streets. To the east, where the great
aeroplane depot stood, flashes of red and
green told that the signalmen were talk-
ing with remote corners of the land.

   The world was standing still? Every-
thing appeared to be the same! Did
Professor Selester speak the truth? Or
was he speaking from the land of de-
lirium ?

   “ We shall know soon,” the President
muttered.

   Presently he descended to the street
and took another carriage and drove to
the White House. Professor Selester
had been made as comfortable as possi-
ble in a room, and physicians and nurses
were in attendance.

“ How is he? ” the President asked.

   “ He is unconscious, sir,” a physician
replied, “ but we hope for the best. He
has a magnificent body for one so small.
His vitality is little less than wonderful.
When this unconsciousness is over, we
will be able to tell you something more
definite. I dislike to make promises
now, sir, but everything looks favorable.”
-!-

588

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

  The President left the sick-room and
\fent to his private office. He had to
consider the appointment of a new chief
of staif; he had to attend to the thousand
and one things that crowd upon a ruler
in time of war. He bent low over his
desk, examining papers under the bright
light, while an aide stood at his elbow,
and his secretary dictated orders on the
other side of the room.

  An hour passed, then a young officer
entered the room quickly and spoke to
the aide. The aide touched the President
on the arm.

  “ I beg your pardon, sir,” he said,
“ but a young lady wishes to speak to
you. I think you will pardon the inter-
ruption — she is Professor Selester’s
daughter.”

  "Let her come in here at once,” the
President directed.

  He sighed as he dropped the report he
was reading and whirled around in his
chair. The young officer went out, pres-
ently returned, and ushered in the young
woman. She was a beautiful girl of
twenty, with a wealth of dark hair, and
dark eyes that peered into the very soul
of one, even as did Professor Selester’s.

  The President did not know his cous-
in’s daughter very well. She had spent
her young womanhood at school, prior to
the beginning of the great war, and since
the war had begun the President had had
little time for his family and for social
duties. He recognized her, however, at
a glance.

  Springing from his chair, he placed an
arm round her and led her forward under
the light. He raised her head and looked
into her eyes.

  “ You must be brave, little Selma,” he
said. “ He is badly wounded, uncon-
scious now; but there is a chance, the
surgeons tell me. Just be as brave as you
can.”

  “ I’ll' try,” she replied, her lips trem-
bling. “ 1 cannot see him?”

  “ I am afraid not,” the President re-
plied. “ He is unconscious—and even
if he were conscious, the shock of seeing
you might be fatal. You know how he
loves you! ”

  The girl’s head drooped.

  “ I shall have you called if the physi-
cians say you may see him, or if there is
any immediate danger,” the President

 continued. “ How did you learn of your
 father’s wound ? ”

 “ An officer notified me, sir.”

 “ You know all the circumstances, lit-
 tle Selma? He suffered to protect me.”

 “ So they told me, sir. Any of us
 would do that.”

 “ But your father is worth more to
 his country now, little Selma, than I am.
 You know—his work—”

 The girl raised her head.

 “ His work? ” she echoed.

 “ I thought you knew—”

 “ Oh, yes, I know! ” she said hastily.

 “ He told me—just before he lost con-
 sciousness—that his work had already
 been started. He was delirious, of
 course—”

 “ Of course,” she said, with evident re-
 lief.

 “ You need not leave the house, little
 Selma. Tell them 1 said you were to/
 remain here—near your father. Just
 step into this room, dear. I’ll have a
 surgeon watch, and notify you if you are
 needed. Try to be brave—in these times
 all of us must be brave.”

 “ I’ll try,” she replied.

 The President stepped away from her
 and touched a bell. An officer entered
 the room.

“Take Miss Selester to my wife’s
apartments,” the President directed.

 “ See that all her desires are obeyed as
 commands.”

 The officer saluted, and held open the
 door. But the girl turned again to the
 President.	v

 “ One moment, sir,” she whispered.

“ It—it was Captain Goodwin—was it
not? ”

 “ Yes,” the President answered.

 “ Surely he did not intend to do it,

 sir.”

 “ Captain Goodwin intended to assas-
 sinate me; your father prevented it.”

 “ But, surely, he did not intend that
 harm to you, either, sir. He must be
 out of his right mind.”

 “ He is, little Selma. And he has done
 a great deal of harm. We were unable
 to prevent it. We do not blame him—
 the anxiety has crazed him.”

 “ And what have you done with him? ”

 “ He is held prisoner in the Federal
 prison. We cannot let him free, of
 course, in his present condition.”
WHEN THE WORLD STOOD STILL.

589

  “You’ll not—execute him?”

  “ No, Selma. Word has gone out that
Captain Goodwin has gone insane
through worry and overwork. We mere-
ly hold him prisoner. He has served his
country well up to now. Heaven grant
that he may regain his right mind and be
valuable still.”

  The girl looked away for a moment,
then turned back to the President with
a look of determination on her face.

  “ If I could see him ”—she began.
  “You see him? And why?”

  “ You do not know,” she said. “ Cap-
tain Goodwin’s son, Lieutenant Frank
Goodwin, is to be my husband.”

  “ I did not know,” the President said.
“ Lieutenant Goodwin is an excellent
officer, little Selma.”

  “ And Captain Goodwin—he thinks a
great deal of me, I believe. If I could
talk with him—if I could make him
realize what he has done—perhaps it
would calm him, or change him in some
way.”

  “ I am afraid you can do nothing, lit-
tle girl. He is violent; he has wounded
several men. I am having him closely
guarded.”

  “ But perhaps some time to-day,
sir—”

  The President patted her shoulder af-
fectionately.

  “ I understand,” he said. “ And what
is it you want? ”

  “ Just a pass—or whatever you call it
—so those officers will let me talk to
him.”

  “ I guess we can arrange that,” the
President said.

  He sat down at his desk for a mo-
ment, wrote rapidly, then arose and hand-
ed her the pass.

  “ That will enable you to see him,” he
said. “ But be careful. You had bet-
ter take some' one with you when you go.
And I’d rather, under the circumstances,
that the 1 some one ’ shouldn’t be Captain
Goodwin’s son.”

   “ I understand, sir.”

  “ Go to my wife now. And I’ll have
you informed of your father’s condition
every little while.”

   “ Thank you, sir,” the girl said.

  She walked through the door the aide
held open and passed down the great
corridor.

  “ Kindly step in here, Miss Selester,”
the aide directed. “ The President’s
wife has been up since your father was
injured, and I’ll have her come to you
at once.”

  The girl entered the room, and the
officer bowed himself out.

  As soon as he was gone, the girl
rushed to the door again and looked up
and down the corridor, then fled swiftly
toward a side door. In a few moments
she had emerged into the open air and
was walking rapidly through the dark-
ness, making her way to the street.

  A carriage awaited her. She sprang
into it, the driver whipped up his horses,
and they sped down the street. Three
blocks away the carriage slowed down,
and a man in military uniform sprang in
it and sat down beside the girl.

  “ You got it? ” he asked roughly.

  “ Yes.”

  “ Good ! Any trouble? ”

  “ None—he never noticed.”

  “ Good again. That’s so much the
better. We will gain time.”

  The carriage continued its racing
through the streets. Neither the girl
nor the man beside her spoke.

  Presently the driver stopped his
horses before a great building.

  “ We’re at the prison,” the man said
then. “ Now, remember yourself, and
if you make a mistake—”

  “ I’ll not make a mistake,” the girl
said with some impatience.

  “ And if young Goodwin puts in an
appearance—”

  “ I’ll attend to him, if he does.”

  “ You have the pass ready? ”

  “ I have it here.”

  The man sprang out and helped her
to alight. Together they walked up to
the main entrance. The soldier on duty
there saluted.

  “ We wish to see the commandant,”
the man beside the girl said.

  “ The commandant is busy now, sir.”
“ We cannot wait. We hold a pass
from the President. It is imperative
this business of ours.”

  “ Very well, sir. This way.”

  The soldier turned them over to an-
other, and they were ushered into a wait-
ing-room. It was several minutes be-
fore the commandant entered. During
that time the man stood before the win-
THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

dow, looking down at the street, and the
girl sat before the fireplace, staring at
her feet. Presently the commandant
appeared. The man whirled to meet
him.

  “ Colonel Olgen,” he said, “ I am
Captain Richard Testnor, of the Aus-
trian army, the military representative of
my country here. This young lady is
Miss Selma Selester, daughter of Pro-
fessor Selester. who was shot and wound-
ed a short time ago by Captain Goodwin.

  “ I have the honor to be her escort.
She has a pass from the President, which
authorizes her to see and speak with
Captain Goodwin, who is one of your
prisoners, as we understand it.'’

  Colonel Olgen bowed, and took the
pass from the girl’s cold hand. He ex-
amined it carefully.

  “ It is perfectly regular,” he said.
“ Kindly make yourselves as comfortable
as possible for a few minutes.”

  He turned and left the room; the man
flashed a look of satisfaction at the girl.
In a few minutes Colonel Olgen re-
turned.

  “ You may see him now,” he said,
speaking to the girl. “ I have informed
him of your coming; and he seems sur-
prised, but delighted. I hope you can
do something, Miss Selester, to restore
his bright brain to its normal condition.
He is a valuable man when he is sane—
a very dangerous man when he is not.”

  Colonel Olgen held open the door, and
the girl swept past him into the dark
corridor. From the 'distance came the
cries of the sentries, the rattling of
chains within the. prison. She hung
back a little as she passed from the room.

  Captain Testnor stepped forward
quickly, but Colonel Olgen barred the
way.

  “ I beg your pardon, Captain Test-
nor,” he said. “ But the pass did not
mention you. You will kindly remain
behind. Await us here.”

CHAPTER V.

  DICTATOR OF THE UNITED STATES.
Captain Testnor’s lips curved in a
sarcastic smile.

  “ Very well,” he said, and turned back
into the room.

  The door was closed behind him and
bolted, and Colonel Olgen led the way
down the dark corridor, the girl follow-
ing closely.

  “ Daylight seems to be slow in coming
this morning,” the commandant said.
“ Is your father badly injured?”

  “ The surgeons say he has a chance,
sir.”

  “ I hope he recovers; he is a great
man.”

  “ Thank you, sir.” the girl answered.
She waited beside the commandant
while a guard opened a door and al-
lowed them access to another corridor*-
They walked on and on, past rows and
tiers of cells, past guards that paced
back and forth ceaselessly.

  The girl did not raise her eyes to
meet those that peered at her from be-
hind rows of bars. She clutched at the
commandant’s arm and hurried 011 be-
side him.

  “ Here,” the commandant directed.

  She raised her eyes then. Captain
Goodwin’s face was before her, separated
from her by the bars. It was pale, and
the perspiration stood out on his fore-
head.

  “ Little Selma,” he muttered.

  “ I have come to see you—yes. The
President gave me a pass.”

 “ They tell me I wounded your
father.”

  “ Yes.”

  “ You know I didn’t mean to harm
him, little Selma. It was the President
my bullet was for. Your father tried to
save the President.”

  “ I know.” the girl said.

  “He will live?”

  “ There is a chance.”

  “ And you came to see me—after I
had wounded your father?”

  “ Yes.”

  “Where is Frank? Is he with you?”
“He is not with me; 1 do not know
where he is; but in the citv some place,
I think.”

  Captain Goodwin placed his hands to
his head.

  “ Little Selma,” he said, “ I believe I
have been insane. I think I am insane
still. I feel strangely, and I must have
acted strangely. But always remember
that I never meant to harm your father.”
“ I know you did not.”
WHEN THE WORLD STOOD STILL.

  “ And now I will die like a dog, I
suppose—be shot against a wall, because
I tried to kill the President. I didn't
know what I was doing, little Selma.
But they wanted to stop me—just as I
was gaining victory. They wanted to
end the war, give the Asiatics all the
glory and honor, after we bad suffered
so much to win ! ”

  “ You’ll not be shot against a wall,”
she whispered. “ The President will not
have you executed.”

  “ He told you that?”

  “ Yes — he told me that. Put your
hand down close to mine. There—take
that key. Now—when I stand between
you and Colonel Olgen, unlock the door
of your cell.”

 “What do you mean?” Goodwin
whispered hoarsely as he took the key.

  “ Do not ask questions. Do just as

I	tell you. Are you listening?”

  “Yes—but what does it mean?”

  “ Listen! There is no one in this co>
ridor except Colonel Olgen. I’ll call
to him as you grasp my arm through the
bars, and when he comes running up
burst out of your cell and seize him.
Y'ou understand? Gag him and lock
him in the cell. There is not a prisoner
nearer than ten cells of you, and not one
of them can see what takes place.
They’ve got you at the turn in the cor-
ridor.”

  “ But why—”

  “ Don’t ask questions. Can’t you
trust me—the girl your son is going to
marry? ”

  “ I trust you, little Selma—of course.
But—”

  “ Listen! Then we’ll walk from this
prison—I have the President’s pass. A
carriage is waiting. It is almost day-
light. We’ll get you away quickly, help
you escape; and, once you are free, you
can send your orders to your armies, and
have them strike. Do you understand
now ? ”

  “You are helping me to escape?”
Goodwin asked strangely. “ You are
helping me so I can go on with my
work of driving the Asiatics from the
earth? ”

  “Yes—yes!”

  “But, why?"

  “ Can’t you understand, Captain Good-
win? There are men in authority who

look at things as you do. You. can do
nothing while you are a prisoner, and
they know it. 'They arranged this way
of freeing you—and I got the pass from
the President because my father is his
cousin. Can’t you see it now? ”

  “Ah! You are helping me because
you love my son ? ”

  “ You see now, do you not ? ” she
asked, drawing back.

  “ Yes.”

  “ Be quick, then—do as I said.”

  She bent nearer the bars of his cell.
Suddenly one of his hands shot through
the bars, and he grasped her. The girl
uttered a cry of fright, loud enough for
Colonel Olgen to hear and understand,
but not loud enough to rouse the other
prisoners or the guards.

  The commandant sprang forward
quickly, reached the girl’s side, at-
tempted to grasp Goodwin’s hand. In
that instant the captain’s hand released
its hold on the girl and was withdrawn.

  “ Come away quickly, Miss Selester ! ”
the commandant said. “ 1 was afraid
something like this might happen. You
see, he is not in his right mind.”

  'The commandant placed an arm round
the girl, turned her, and started away
from the cell, down the corridor. His
back was turned, and before he had
taken three steps Goodwin had thrown
open the unlocked door and had dashed
from the cell.

  His hands met in a firm grip round
the commandant’s throat, his knee was
at the commandant’s back, and Colonel
Olgen went down upon the floor without
uttering a sound.

  “ Good,” the girl whispered. “ Now
—into the cell with him! Gag him,
too! ”

  Captain Goodwin knelt upon the com-
mandant’s chest, choking the man into
insensibility. Finally he got upon his
feet, picked up the insensible command-
ant, and carried him to the cell, placing
him on the floor. The captain locked the
door and returned the key to the girl.

  “ He will be insensible for several
minutes,” Goodwin said.

  She was already leading the way down
the corridor. They made the turn in-
safety, and presently came to the door
leading to the other corridor. The girl
knocked; the guard outside opened the
592

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

slot and saw her, and swung open the
great door. He appeared astonished to
see Goodwin in place of the commandant.

  “ Where is Colonel Olgen? ” he asked.

  Goodwin opened his mouth to speak,
but the girl was quicker.

  “ He stopped to speak with some poor
prisoner,” she said. “ We are to go di-
rectly to the commandant’s office, Cap-
tain Goodwin and I. I brought a paper
from the President for Captain Good-
win’s release.”

  She smiled at the soldier sweetly. The
man looked at Goodwin, fell back a
step, and saluted.

  “ I meant no offense, sir,” he said.
“It—it appeared unusual.”

  “You but did your duty,” the cap-
tain replied. “ I shall remember you.”

  Then he led the way down the big
corridor, leaving behind him a young
soldier with visions of promotion because
of duty well performed before the chief
of staff.

  They came to the office-door, and Cap-
tain Goodwin unbolted it and threw it
open. With the girl, he rushed in, and
closed the door behind him.

  Captain Testnor was waiting for them.

  “ Quick! ” he cried. “ The carriage is
ready. We must lose no time! ”

  Goodwin whirled upon him.

  “ Who are you, sir? ” he questioned.

  “ Captain Testnor, the Austrian at-
tache, sir. 1 am acting with Miss Se-
lester in this matter, for some others.
They might have mistrusted us, sir, had
your son accompanied her. Pray, lose no
time! ”

  He had crossed the room and thrown
open the door. He led the way down
the steps, running, Goodwin following
him, the girl coming last. The man on
guard outside the door was brushed to
one side like a broken toy. Before he
could regain his senses, the carriage had
started, the horses were dragging it at
a mad pace through the streets.

  Inside the prison, the commandant
came back to life slowly. When con-
sciousness returned he sat up on the floor
of the cell and tried to realize what had
happened. The next instant his shriek
roused the prison and brought the guards.

  Explanations took but a moment. As
they rushed toward the office, they met
the outside sentry rushing back to them.

  “ They’ve gone — escaped ! ” he cried.
“ They rushed from the inside and
hurled me off the steps. Before I could
get up, they were gone.”

  “How?” the commandant demanded
quickly.

  “ In a carriage, sir. They drove down
the street.”

  The commandant rushed to his office,
and the alarm was given.

  “ That girl held a pass signed by the
President,” he said. “ I cannot under-
stand this business. Did they go to-
gether, man ? ”

  “ Yes, sir. The captain was being
aided, I tell you. That other man—the
foreign officer — seemed to be directing
them. It all happened so quickly—”
“Yes — yes,” the commandant inter-
rupted. “ That will do. To vour posts,
all of you! ”

  They left-him, and he called an offi-
cer. For several moments he sat before
his desk, listening to the alarm within
the prison.

  “ A funny business,” he repeated.
“ The President shall know’ of it at
once.”

  He began writing a personal report to
the President.

  And meanwhile the carriage contain-
ing Captain Goodwin, Captain Testnor,
and the girl drove madly through the
streets to the outskirts of the city. Sev-
eral times the driver changed his route.

  “Where are we going?” Goodwin
demanded.

  “ To a place we have prepared, sir,”
Testnor replied. “ Everything has been
well arranged.”

  The carriage drew up before an old
house set well back from the street.
Captain Testnor got out and helped the
girl. Captain Goodwin followed them
up the walk, up the front steps, to the
door. Testnor knocked, a peculiar sig-
nal of a knock. The door was opened
by a middle-aged man in civilian dress.
Testnor led the way into the house,
without speaking to the man who opened
the door.

  They entered a large room off from
the hall. The lamps were burning, but
opaque curtains kept the gleams from
penetrating to the darkness outside.

  In the center of the room was a long,
wide table, and about it sat a dozen men.
WALLOPS.

593

As the three entered, these men sprang
to their feet. Each held a glass of
liquor in his hand. 'I'estnor guided
Goodwin to the head of the table.

  “What have we here?” Goodwin de-
manded.

  He glanced down the table. He knew
them all. There was Count Bernstein,
the German attache at Washington; M.
Elliton, a French secret-service agent;
Captain-General Torocco, of Spain, and
the others—

  Yes, he knew them all! There were
a couple of Russians, too, who had been
in Washington since the war began, and
an Italian lieutenant, a Mexican officer
even.

  But there was not an American, and
not an Englishman, in that room!

  “Well, what does all this mean?”
Goodwin cried again.

  He turned to look at the girl. She

(To be e

had stepped back, and stood near the
door, as though this was a scene in
which she had no part.

  Count Bernstein, the German, arose
at the other end of the table; he alone
of them all had retained his seat at
Goodwin’s entrance. The German held
his glass above his head, and the others
did the same.

   “ Gentlemen,” he said, “ drink with
me to Captain Goodwin, an able officer
who has been misunderstood and wronged.
Drink with me, gentlemen, to Captain
Goodwin, who commands the armies and
navies of the United States in spite of
his personal enemies—”

   “ Not the navies,” laughed Goodwin.
“ The navies, as well as the armies! ”
Bernstein cried. “ I call upon you, gen-
tlemen, to drink with me to Captain
Goodwin, Dictator of the United States
of America! ”
allnged.)

WALLOPS.

 By Edgar Franklin.

          insist on love for your
  dog as well as for yourself,
  if your dog doesn't love you?

OUTDOORS, in the cold world, a
slow, grayish drizzle was drown-
ing every chance of human
cheer. It dripped drearily from
the fire-escapes up-stairs and splashed
swashily on the concrete pavement under
the back windows of the first flat. It
trickled malevolently down the panes
that mother had burnished only yester-
day.

  Indoors, in the warm, smoky kitchen,
ominous, invisible things lurked in the
air—things more ominous than the
foggy monotone without—which Robert
Henry could feel, yet which, despite the
wisdom of his full twelve years, he could
not name.

   Robert Henry’s first suspicion had been
roused when the doughnut-frying began;

    2	S

and Robert Henry’s mother went to the
length of cooking three of the “ holes ”
for him, and putting them beside him on
one of the little green-flowered plates,
where he lingered over a highly uninter-
esting book.

  Not that Robert Henry’s mother was
neglectful, but this solicitous proceeding
on a Friday afternoon argued that she
wished to be particularly motherly and
nice. On sweeping day, delicate little
attentions like the frying of doughnut-
holes, all unrequested, are rather rare;
and the green plate was queer, too, in its
own little green way. Those plates
usually appeared in public only when
there was a conjunction of company and
cake!

  So that Robert Henry munched his
doughnut-holes and pondered rather
sadly. There was a nameless something
in the air, and that something had a
pointed and direct reference to himself
and his personal affairs.

  Nor was there a doubt about the last;
Robert Henry’s mother -was smiling at
594

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

him now in a way he had not noticed
since the night the doctor said he might
be coming down with scarlet fever.

  Robert Henry’s mother was sorry for
him—and why on earth was she sorry?
Not because of indoor confinement in
rainy weather; for Robert Henry had
spent many afternoons indoors without
getting that smile. Not because the base-
ball game to-morrow afternoon—in which
Robert Henry was to pitch—would have
to be postponed, probably, on account of
rain ; for Robert Henry’s mother had no.
particular sympathy with baseball. Not
because—

  And just here meditation was cut
short, because Wallops entered!

  Wallops was an individuality on four
legs.

  He owned a body that was either fox-
terrier, bulldog, Irish setter, Scotch col-
lie, dachshund, Pomeranian, or St. Ber-
nard—or a composite of all. He dis-
played a tail of such length that, but
for a saving upward curl toward the
middle, it must surely have been worn to
the bone by friction with unfeeling pave-
ments many months before Wallops left
his canii/e childhood behind.

  As regarded countenance, Wallops
might have been rather pleasing to any-
one save a dog fancier. His large brown
eyes were soft and friendly, and seemed
to appeal for anything that might be go-
ing in the way of stray second-hand
bones.

  His head had started with the inten-
tion of being broad and imposing, and
then changed its mind and favored the
tapering, sharp-snouted trend. But for
his markings, too, Wallops would have
been beautifully marked. One eye held
a black circle; one eye held a dark-brown
circle; and down the long nose ran a
streak of brilliant fawn color.

  But what Wallops mostly held at
present was the chenille table-cover.

  He held it firmly in his strong young
jaws, as he looked with genial inquiry
from Robert Henry to his mother.
Robert Henry’s mother looked back with
a complete, frigid lack of geniality.

  That table-cover—the table-cover in
which Wallops had already chewed three
long, jagged holes—was a very nice ta-
ble-cover. It had cost five dollars and
ninety-eight cent-; at a very marked bar-

gain sale, and in its original shape it had
been a source of justified pride to Robert
Henry’s mother.

  Mrs. Welkins, next door, had paid
eleven dollars for a cover not nearly so
ornamental; and when Robert Henry’s
mother saw this particular cover dragged
through the swinging door that connect-
ed dining-room and kitchen—

  The heavy draining-spoon had missed
Wallops by the merest fraction of an
inch!

  The cover remained on the floor.
Wallops shot under the table beside
Robert Henry. He crept straight into
the dark space beneath Robert Henry’s
chair and crouched low as Robert
Henry’s mother cried:

  “ Papa was quite right, Bobby! That
dog—”

  “What, mother?” asked Robert
Henry.

  “ Nothing. Put him out in the yard,
Bobby.”

  “ Aw, it’s all wet out there! ” protest-
ed Robert Henry.

  “ Well, he can go in his house.”

  “ I know, but his house leaks. It’s all
soppy inside, and—”

  “ Put that dog out! ”

  Robert Henry rose and started dis-
mally for the cellar with :

  “ Come 011, Wallops! ”

  Wallops left the flat without protest.
When you happen to be a dog and have
made the insane mistake of eating a che-
nille table-cover, it is just as well to dis-
appear as rapidly as possible, after your
mistake is confirmed.

  Wherefore, Wallops trotted dutifully
down-stairs and to the yard, with Robert
shuffling ahead. And when they were
there, Robert Henry pointed to the shack,
constructed of aged carpet and bits of
soap-box, and said sternly:

  “ Git in there, you! ”

  Wallops turned and licked his mas-
ter’s hand, humbly and slowly; and
Robert Henry gulped hard. More and
more, it was growing on him that the
mysterious something bore upon Wallops,
all alone out there in his leaky shed.

  Robert Henry returned to the first
flat and thought anew. The family was
sore 011 Wallops; he felt that. But
what wese they going to do to Wallops?
What were they going—just here the
WALLOPS.

595

key clicked in the outer door and Robert
Henry turned up the light and bent over
a book.

  It pleased his father to see Monday’s
lessons being disposed of on Friday.
Wherefore Robert Henry was wholly
unaware that any one had peeked through
the curtains while he hummed monoto-
nously something about A-square plus
X-square equalling—

  Possibly thirty minutes later a bass
voice called:

  “ Dinner is ready. Robert!”

  Robert. Henry made his way to the
family board and ate dutifully of good
things—and the something remained in
the air. It seemed to hover—to. flit elu-
sively—to nag 'one from behind. It
lurked over the soup; it played invisibly
about the steak ; it capered, all unseen,
about the pie! And, then, as mother
was taking out the dishes, a wildly dis-
mal howl rose from the back yard—and
the crisis swept down the stretch!

  “ Robert! Is that that confounded
dog?” demanded his father.

   “ Yes, sir.”

  “ What does he want? "

  “ I—guess he wants to come in.”

  “ Let him in.”

  Robert Henry opened the window
obediently. With a bound, Wallops ar-
rived, being entirely careful to wipe his
muddy paws on the couch-cover as he
passed. Robert Henry’s father surveyed
Wallops with an expression that did not
send up the smoke of burning cordiality.

  Wallops, however, looked at Robert
Henry’s father with a with-malice-to-
ward-none expression. Wallops wished
to be sociable and friendly, for he wagged
his tail and sniffed his teary nose as he
waited for a consoling pat. The con-
soling pat did not come. Robert Henry’s
father took a last look at the canine
member of the household; then:

  “ Where did you get that beast,
Robert?”

  “ I—found him, sir."

  “ Where? ”

  “ Four blocks up, round the corner.”
  “ Who does he belong to?”

  “ I dunno! ” said Robert Henry hotly,
reverting to the primitive. “ There was
a kid knocking the punk outer him with
a stick, an’ I gave him a couple o’ lamps
an’ took the dog an’—”

   “ Robert! ”

   “ Well, I mean, a big feller was lick-
ing him—he was giving him the darned-
est wallops you ever saw, dad—and that’s
why I named him that—and he’s only
been here a week, and nov> he can—”

  “ Very well. That’s enough.”

  Mr. Robert Henry, Sr., caressed his
cigar, while Wallops unostentatiously
removed a napkin to beneath-table spaces
and set about its careful assimilation.
Robert Henry himself sat back and
waited. He knew it was coming. It
came.

   “ Robert! ”

   “ Yes, sir.”

  “ You are old enough now to know
that no one under the sun would wish
less to interfere with your pleasures than
I, aren’t vou?”

   “Yes, sir."

  “ And you realize that if there was
anything I could do to forward your
pleasures, I’d do it. But this thing of
dogs—"

  “Yes — sir?’’ said Robert Henry
breathlessly.

   “ Well, you'll have to get rid of that
puppy, Bob. I’m sorry. I really am.
If there was any place to keep him, I
wouldn’t say a word,” said Robert
Henry’s father. “ But there’s not, and
he seems to be raising the dickens around
the house, your mother tells me. You’ll
have to take him and lose him, Bob! ”

  “ But, he ain’t got any other home! ”
Robert Henry .protested desperately.

  “ I know it.” Possibly the expression
of Robert Henry’s father softened a trifle.
“ But a flat is no place for a dog, Hob,
and if you can’t find any one that wants
him, take him to the S. P. C. A. and—”
“And have Wallops drowned? ”
Robert Henry demanded wildly.

   Robert Henry’s father avoided his eyes
and stared at the “ Pharaoh’s Horses ”
on the opposite wall.

  “ I know it’s tough, son,” he said
gently. “ 1 was a boy myself, about a
million years ago; but we can’t have the
pup destroying everything in the house,
and—” Here, Robert Henry’s mother
entered. “ To-morrow is Saturday,
Robert,” concluded his father with com-
mendable sternness, “ and you will have
to get rid of that dog before to-morrow
night! ”
596

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

  Robert Henry slept in the back bed-
room—the one from which, when one
felt lazy, one could lie in bed and watch
the breakfast preparations in the dining-
room through the connecting window.

  Robert Henry watched no breakfast
preparations that fateful Saturday morn-
ing. He awakened very early indeed.
Wallops was wailing out a melancholy
dirge all his own, out in the hut, which
remained soggy despite the sunshine;
and Robert Henry arose—in the neigh-
borhood of five—and opened the dining-
room window cautiously.

  Wallops entered damply and licked his
master’s hands. Robert Henry placed
Wallops on the couch and wept silently
over him. We would not have done it if
father and mother had been up and mo-
ving; but at the moment good plain,
old-fashioned grief was tearing Robert
Henry’s young soul; and he put his arms
around Wallops’s unlovely neck and just
cried good and hard and plenty.

  And, presently, Wallops and his mas-
ter went to sleep together on the couch.

  Robert-Henry’s father came out some-
where around seven, and looked over the
combination of wet dog and goose-
fleshed, pink-pajamaed boy; and after
Robert Henry’s father had covered them
with a blanket and put on the tea-kettle,
he went back to the big bedroom and
said:

  “ Say—Mary! ”

 “Well?” Robert Henry’s mother
was fixing her hair.

  “ Couldn’t the kid keep his pup?”

  “ He certainly could—if you’ll have
your salary raised high enough to pay
for the damage he does.”

  “ But—”

  “ Bob, there is no place for that or
any other animal in this household, and
you know it perfectly well. I don’t want
to hurt Bobby, but that dog is getting
to be—”

  Robert Henry’s father sighed.

  “ All right. 1 suppose I’ll have to
shoulder the authority end of it, Mary.
Hurry up. I’m late!”

  Breakfast.

  Robert Henry’s father finished his
two eggs and his two pieces of toast and
his cup of coffee. Then he turned to
Robert Henry with:

  “ You remember what I said about
that dog last night, Bobby? ’’

  “ Yes, sir.”

  “ Don’t forget it during the day.”

  “ No, sir.”

  Robert Henry swallowed aloud. Wal-
lops, absent-mindedly, removed the cover
of the couch and then sat up to beg for
a piece of Robert Henry’s bacon. He
received Robert Henry’s entire allotment
in one handful—and, strangely, neither
parent saw the proceeding. Quite intent-
ly, they were studying the two sections
of the morning paper.

  Wallops looked round thoughtfully
when the bacon was gone. He walked
up to the side of Robert Henry’s father
and insinuated his nose under one hand.
Robert Henry’s father scratched an ear
almost affectionately, and gave a side-
long glance at the unhappy animal.

  The animal looked up and emitted a
queer little sound of appreciation—and
Robert Henry’s father rose suddenly.

  “ Twenty minutes after eight! ” he an-
nounced crisply. “ I’ll have to hurry!”
His coat and hat were on the chair.
He slipped into them with more than
usual speed and straightened up. Where-
upon Robert Henry’s mother said inju-
diciously :

  “ Go to the door with dad, Bobby.”
Robert went. So did Wallops, trail-
ing behind cheerfully. Robert Henry
went, also, to the extreme length of slip-
ping one small boy hand into his father’s
and squeezing tight; and when they came
to the door at the end of the private
hall, Robert Henry mumbled:

  “ Hey, pop ! ”

  “ What is it, sonny? ”

  “ Doncher think I could—maybe if I
teased mother—keep the pup, dad? I
can fix him up a new house and keep
him in the yard, an’—”

  “ Well, darn it! I don’t see why you
can’t—” and Robert Henry’s father
straightened up abruptly. “ Never use
language like that, Robert! ” he said
sternly. “ I’m—I’m late and—er—■
nervous and—you do just what mother
says, Robert, and—good-by! ”

  He shot into the outer hall, and:

  “ Papa! ” went after him desperately.
“ And here’s ten cents. Catch! ” said
the parent, as lie sent the coin spinning
through the air and fled.
WALLOPS.

597

  Robert Henry returned to the dining-
room and sat down, and Wallops climbed
more or less gracefully on his lap.

  “ Mother?” said Robert Henry.

   “ Well ? ”

  “ Do—do I have to get rid of Wal-
lops?”

  “ Yes,” said his mother. “ And if you
want to play in that ball game, the
sooner you start the better.”

  Wallops took the push as a hint and
dropped to the floor with a heavy thud.
Robert Henry shuffled into his room and
found his cap. It hung on his right ear
now, and Robert Henry’s shoulders
rounded somewhat and his hands went
into his pockets. Robert Henry felt that
he was growing incensed at his mother
and that policy dictated a quick exit.

  “’Mon, Wallops!” he said. And he
added inaudibly, “’By, mother!”

 “ When are you coming home,
dearie?” followed him yp the private
hall.

  “ Dunno! ” said Robert Henry sav-
agely, as the door slammed behind him.

  Robert Henry's mother watched him
from the shelter of the lace curtains in
the parlor-window. Robert Henry was
standing on the curb, studying a silver
dime intently; while Wallops stood on
his hind feet and braced his forepaws
against Robert Henry, wagging his tail
furiously, in a frantic effort to see what
the hand contained.

  Robert Henry’s mother said: “Hang
the old curtains and things! I’m go-
ing—” which was not at all ladylike.
Then she raised a double knuckle to rap
on the window and recall Robert Henry.
Then she sighed and her hand fell.
When you buy six-dollar table-covers
out of a twenty-eight-dollar salary, they
are too expensive to be served as puppy-
cakes!

  First, there was the grocer on the cor-
ner.

  Any really good, up-to-date grocer
needs a dog. . A dog is an ornament to
a grocery-store. He makes friends. He
stimulates trade and awakens lasting in-
terest among the customers. But this
was no up-to-date grocer. This was a
plain, cheap man, who laughed outright
at the offer of Wallops, threw him a! dis-
eased ham-end and wanted to know what

Robert Henry’s mama wanted for the
Sunday order—and please hurry, becausc
there were three ladies waiting.

  Robert Henry stalked out with Wal-
lops, the to-be-lost trotting inquiringly
at his heels. Next? A butcher won’t
have a dog. All the things that might
interest a dog are sold at so much a bar-
rel, when the man comes around each
week. And again—next? Well, there
was the lady that had the fancy-store.
Any little notion-store must need a dog
for protection. Robert Henry entered
with confidence begotten of many months
of trade in the way of thread and elastics
and so on.

  Wallops broke the possibly celestial
combination by chasing the store cat up
the hot stove-pipe. As a side issue, he
overturned a large, pasteboard box of
baby ribbon in his flight.

  When Robert Henry quite regained
his breath, they were on the street and
the door had been slammed behind them,
and Wallops was barking furiously
through the glass.

   “ Well, we’ll beat it for a new neigh-
borhood ! ” said Robert Henry fiercely.
“ We’ll get you a home or—or we’ll go
out West together, or—or something.
Come on!”

  Wallops followed reluctantly. They
went up the avenue now, lingeringly.
They came to the little park, where wild
young children and tame old men were
wont to disport themselves on sunny
days. They spent a good two hours
there, while Robert Henry wandered
back and forth and talked to the elder
members of the company. None of them
wanted a really good dog; none of them,
indeed, wanted a dog of any kind at any
price—and the noon whistle blew and
Robert Henry and Wallops were still to-
gether and roaming the avenue again!

  Twelve—and the game was called at
two! Well, the game could go plumb
to blazes! • Wallops was whining, in his
own sweet peculiar way—the way which
meant that the Wallopian internal econ-
omy was approaching a vacuum. Wal-
lops had to be fed first and homed after-
ward ; and Robert Henry walked into
a delicatessen-shop and demanded the
maximum of bologna procurable for ten
cents. It was ample. It was sliced
thin! It was done up in nice waxed
598

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

paper and handed over the counter with
the smile that is likely to greet the first
visit of a strange little boy in the neigh-
borhood. It was even accompanied by
the gift of several pffernussen!

  Then Robert Henry gave the delica-
tessen gentleman food for meditation, by
sitting down on the curb and opening the
dainty package, while Wallops settled
hungrily beside him.-

  “ You gotter have your lunch, mutty,”
choked Robert Henry, as he passed an
arm about the four-legged member. “ I
can git my dinner home t’-night, but
you—”

  He fed forth the slices. Wallops
disposed of them and expressed grati-
tude by divers greasy licks upon the
cheeks. A matter of three minutes and
lunch was over, and Robert Henry was
rising stiffly, while Wallops licked his
own chops.

  Now? Robert Henry shuffled on—
and on—and on. And at last they came
to engine-house eighty-seven. There
was the engine, harness and all, visible
through the open doors; there was
a man sitting at a desk, while little bells
above him tinkled thrillingly. Robert
Henry dived desperately under the heavy
chain at the door and Wallops followed.
The blue-uniformed man looked up with
astonishment as Robert Henry cried:
“Hev! Does this company want a
dog?”'

  “ Do we—what? ”

  Wallops filled the gap neatly. He

rose 011 his hind legs and deftly removed
the half-eaten sandwich from the desk;
and in the course of some two or three
seconds the blue-uniformed man leaned
back and roared heartily.

“ Is he trained to do that?” he asked.
“ He ain’t trained for anything,” said
Robert Henry earnestly, “ but he’s the
best dog and the smartest dog you
ever—”

  At this point, a man in somewhat im-
posing uniform came down-stairs, vio-
lating all traditions of the brass pole.
The man was yawning; the person at
the desk grinned and asked:

  “ Do we want a new dog, chief?”

  “ Huh?”

  “ Sallie died . last week, you know,
and this kid—”

  “Hey, chief!” said Robert Henry,

soaring to the heights of the palpitating
emergency. “ This dog’s mine an’
111-mother won’t let me keep him. He
ain’t got no home! 1 gotter find him a
home. I asked this gent—”

  Wallops detected a trace of butter on
the chief’s thumb and licked it away con-
scientiously, meanwhile giving his nicest
little whine of thanks. The chief stared
at him and, by the grave of heaven —
laughed!

  “ We’ll give him a home,- son! ” he
said.

  “ And can I come and see him some-
times? ”

  “ Surest thing you know, kid ! ”
Whereupon there was a peal from the
big gong over the desk and a district
call began. Horses stamped from their
stalls. Men came down the poles. There
was a hiss of steam and a clatter of
wheels and:

  “ You git outer the way, kid! ” yelled
the imposing man, as he climbed into his
little buggy.

  Robert Henry made the sad break of
returning too early from Sunday-school.
The man up-stairs heard him when he
rang, and lie listened; for Robert Henry
had confided some of his soul-soreness
to the man up-stairs last night on the
stoop.

  “Can I stay out a while, mother?”
Robert Henry inquired.

  “ If you do not leave the steps.”

  “ A’right.” Robert Henry turned
away.

  “Have you been to Sunday-school?”
  “ Mmmm.”

  “ Did you put your five cents in the
box?”

  “ Mmmm.”

  “ Does that mean yes or no? ”

  “ Well, I—didn’t! ” Rebellion rose
to the surface, albeit Robert Henry
stared at the carpet.

  “ Why not ? ’’ The tone turned harsh.
“What did you do with it?”
“Candy!” said Robert Henry.

  “ That nickel was given you to give
to God, Robert,” his mother replied
quietly. “ That five cents—”

  “ Aw—say! I was hungry, an’ God
wasn’t! ” returned Wallops’s late owner
as he headed for the open air.

  Possibly, the ill-judged laugh of
WALLOPS.

599

Robert Henry's father caused the door
to close suddenly. At,all events. Robert
Henry reached the steps without further
interference and sat down.

  He stood up again as quickly, for
down the street, the clanging of bells
was raising the echoes, and the shouts of
people and the galloping of hoofs; and
the policeman on the corner was waving
back the cars—and a dog was barking
wildly! And Robert Henry knew that
bark as well as he knew his own name.

  The engine and the wagon and the
chief’s buggy took the tracks and roared
and clamored on toward Robert Henry’s
house in wild procession. Up, up the
engine horses, a long-tailed dog all but
somersaulted in his frenzy, as he raced
and barked beside the team.

  It was Wallops fast enough, and he
was coining straight for his late master—
and his back was turned squarely toward
Robert Henry and his house, and—

  “Wallops!” cried Robert Henry.

  The bell clanged. The whistle blew.
The horses hammered on—and Wallops
barked and turned never one glance
toward his late home.

  “Wallops!” roared Robert Henry.

  The near horse turned for a second

and gave a friendly bite in Wallops’s di-
rection ; and Wallops shrieked out glee-
ful barks as he careered through the air.

  • Wallops! " screamed Robert Henry.
The window behind Robert Henry
opened and his mother’s voice said-quite
plainly above the din:

  “ You must not run to fires on Sunday,
Robert! Remember that! ”

  As the man up-staireappeared in his
shirt-sleeves, Robert Henry’s eyes were
glued to the quickly departing figure of
the forgetful, the faithless one. It was
all over. In one brief twenty-four hours.

  Forgotten was the wasted wealth of
affection and the stolen bones and the
carpet shed and all the rest. It had been
the very best thing Robert Henry could
do for Wallops’s comfort — and it was
forgotten. Forgotten, too. was the aged
blanket. Forgotten was the twenty-five-
cent collar with the big studs, which had
left just three cents in the tin bank.

  Wallops was a fire-dog now; he had
no further use for Robert Henry. Wal-
lops had forgotten, and—

  “Hey! Where’s my algebra, moth-
er?" muttered Robert Henry, as he

stumbled into the flat,
run to any fires!

 I ain’t going to

RAGNAR fHE BOLD.

By Kenneth Bruce.

QAGNAR. the Bold, with his viking crew,

Has come from the northern sea;

Fair hamlets smoke on the English coast,

And the inland towns will blaze, they boast,
For ’tis grim Thor’s decree.

Up with the sail and the black-crossed flag!

Cover the boat with shields!

Drink to the soul of the viking true,

To the God of the winds and the waters blue,
And death to the foe that yields!

Ragnar the Bold, in the captured hall,

Feasted his light-haired crew;

’Mid the clang of sword and shield, the song
Of a hoary scald rose weird and strong,

Inspired by victory new.

Ragnar the Bold, with his warriors slain,
Stood on the bloody shore;

“ Valhalla, my home, my all! ” he cried,
Rushed on encircling spears, and died
Amid the battle roar.
(

PRINCE OF APACHES.

By Frank Lillie Pollock.

The story of two men who went on a love-chase up and down
dim Parisian boulevards and into the dens of Montmartre.

SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS.

COUNT COURVOIE, the last of an excellent old family in Paris, but a black sheep,
with an unenviable record and now a fortune-hunter, comes to America to catch
an heiress. Williams, erstwhile American detective in Paris, recognizes him, and
learns that the Frenchman is making up to Laura Wainwright, daughter of the rich Henry
Wainwright, president of the Madison Life. With Penfield.Carr, a young man enamored
of Laura, he tries to stop the count’s attentions, but without much success. Suddenly
Laura and her father leave New York, dropping quite out of sight. After weeks of worry,
Williams receives a cablegram, saying that Laura Wainwright is alone in Paris. He
and Carr immediately go to Paris. They arc told at the Grand Hotel that no one by the
name of Wainwright has been at the hotel that spring.

CHAPTER VII (continued).

FOUND.

THIS blank, crushing disappoint-
ment struck us almost dumb. I
did not know what to make of
it. We recovered sufficiently to
insist on the presence of our friends in
the hotel.

  We changed from English to French,
to avoid any mistake of mispronuncia-
tion; and, indeed, we pronounced the
name of our friends in every manner in
which it could possibly be distorted by
a French tongue.

  It was no use. They had apparently
never heard the name. And, so far as
I knew, there was no other Grand Hotel
in Paris.

  “ That cablegram must have been a
mere blind. Count Courvoie is some-
how at the bottom of this! ” Carr ex-
claimed aside to me.

  Strangely enough, I had scarcely
thought of the Apache count since I had
sailed. Carr’s remark seemed suddenly to
illumine the whole affair and to bring the
count to my mind.

  “ By thunder, you may be right!
There’s a deeper mystery here than we’ve
suspected!” I exclaimed. “We’d better

* Began July A 1 1 - S t o r y Mae

get a room here, though, while we look
round.”

   So we wrote our names in the register,
•and were at once assigned to rooms on
the next floor.

  “Ah, M. Villiams — of New York,”
said the clerk, scrutinizing my name.
“ You are expected. There is a lady
here who wishes to see you as soon as
you arrive.”

  “What's her name?” I demanded,
startled at this development.

  “ Mme. Henry.”

   I did not know it, but I requested to

be shown to the lady’s presence instant-
ly, and Carr went with me. A valet de
chambre took us up-stairs, along a cor-
ridor, and knocked at a door. I hardly
know now whom I expected to see, for
my mind was full of Count Courvoie at
the moment; but the door suddenly
opened, and there, before us, stood Laura
Wainwright.

  “Mr. Williams—Mr. Carr — you,
too! ” she exclaimed, and faltered, turn-
ing pale.

  We stepped quickly inside the room
and, shutting the door carefully behind
us, turned to her.

  “ I can’t tell you how glad I am—"
she began tremulously, hesitated, choked,

 a z i n e . Single copies, 10 cents.
PRINCE OF APACHES.

601

and then flung herself on my neck in
tempest of sobbing.

“Uncle Bob! Oh, Uncle Bob!” s!
moaned.

CHAPTER VIII.

FI L-DE-FER.

  I patted her shoulder gently and
tried to soothe 'her.

  “ There, there, child,” I said. “ Cry,
if you want to. It’s all right now.
You’ve been having an awful time,
haven’t you? But we’re here to stand
by you now. Carr, please get her a glass
of water or something.”

  As I talked, I was full of the wildest
curiosity as to what had happened; but
Laura was in no condition to be ques-
tioned just then. But at last she
stopped sobbing, fairly exhausted, and
released herself from my arms, with her
face flushed and swollen and her mouth
still trembling.

  Carr, who had been rushing about
and glaring at me in agitation and
jealousy, brought her something to
drink, and she regained some degree of
self-control.

  “ It’s like heaven to see you,” she said.
“ I’ve been through — more than I can
tell you. Papa is gone. I’m terribly
afraid something has happened to him.”

  “ Gone—and left you alone! Where ? ”
Carr cried.

  “ He’s been gone a long time—more
than a week. I don’t know where. I
don’t know what would have become of
me if you hadn’t come.”

“Why didn’t you cable sooner? Why
didn’t you cable me?” Carr demanded.
“ I couldn’t remember your address.”
Carr glanced at me with triumph.

  “ Besides,” she added, “ Mr. Williams
knows all about Paris, and he’s my old-
est friend.”

  “ Can you tell us all about it—how
you came to Paris, and about your
father’s disappearance?” Carr asked.

  “ Not now,” I interposed, seeing a
look of horror cross her face again.
“ We’ll hear that presently. Just now
Laura will send for tea, and we will
have a rest and a quiet chat.”

  We had the tea, and we had the quiet
chat, broken by long, abstracted silences

a as the mystery thrust its dark face into
   our consciousness; but Laura became by
   degrees more like her usual self.

     The evening had grown dark when at
  last I got the whole story from her by
  gentle questioning.

   It was simple enough. After leaving
New York with her father, on their way
to Old Point, Wainwright had insisted
011 their leaving the train at Philadel-
phia. It was then almost midnight;
they spent the rest of the night at a
hotel, and next morning they went on
board a transatlantic steamer, whereTheir
passages had been already booked under
the names of “ Mr. and Miss Henry.”
“ At first I was astonished and almost
frightened,” said Laura. “ But papa ex-
plained that he was obliged to make a
short trip to Paris at once, and that
there were important business reasons
why no one should know that he had
gone. He had not even told me in ad-
vance, for greater secrecy, and he was
sailing by this obscure Toute so as not
to be recognized.

   “ It was a freight steamer, in fact, and
there were only two passengers besides
ourselves. All through the voyage papa
seemed greatly disturbed about some-
thing, though he never mentioned any
especial trouble.

   “ We reached Paris and came to this
hotel, still under the name of ‘ Henry.’
Nothing in particular happened for a
couple of weeks, and I thought papa
seemed a little less worried. Then, one
afternoon, eight days ago, he went out
alone and did not come back for dinner.

   “ I waited for him all the evening.
He did not come. You can imagine the
night I spent,” said Laura with a shud-
der. “ Since then, nothing has been
heard of him. I don’t—”

   “ Of course 'you have notified the po-
lice,” I interrupted.

   “ Count Courvoie has attended to all
that for me. He has set detectives at
work, and—”

  “Has that fellow been to see you?”
exclaimed Carr.

  “ He came to call on us as soon as
we arrived; he was the only person
whom papa had told we were here, I
believe. He has been very kind to me.”
“Do you like him, Laura?” I in-
quired.
602

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

   “ I hate him! ” Laura admitted. “ It’s
a shame, for he has been the only friend
I had here. But, somehow, it frightens
me to have him come near me.”

  “ Your instinct may be right,” I said
gravely. “ You have other friends now,
and you won’t need Courvoie. When he
calls next, send him to me. I want to
see him.”

  “ But what can have become of
papa?” Laura cried, recurring to the
vital topic.

  “ I don’t know, but we’ll find out,
never fear,” 1 said. “ Do you know if
he had anv money on him when he went
out?”

  “ He had the letter of credit. It was
for several thousand dollars. Probably
he had currency as well. He had left
scarcely any with me, and I have been in
terror that it would" be exhausted, and
that I’d be turned out of the hotel.”

  “ We can find out whether the letter
has been drawn on since he left you,”

I was saying, when some one tapped at
the door.

  I.t was a servant with a card for
Laura.

   “ Count Courvoie is down-stairs, wait-
ing to see me,” she said quickly, turning
to us.

  “Send him away!” exclaimed Carr
impatiently.

   “ Tell monsieur le comte that I am not
well, that I cannot receive—” Laura was
saying to the servant in French, when
the mustache and white shirt-front of
the count himself appeared in the door.
He had followed his card up without
waiting.

  “ I am so sorry to hear it, madem-
oiselle,” he said, bowing, and he looked
past her into the room. As his eyes fell
upon Carr and me, I felt suddenly cer-
tain that he had somehow been notified
of our arrival, and had hastened here to
be on the spot.

  “Mr. Carr and Mr. Williams!” he
exclaimed. “ Another cha-rming sur-
prise. 1 really might almost fancy my-
self in New York.”

  Neither of us returned his bow, and
I remarked pointedly: “Hardly. If it
were New York, we wouldn’t meet you.”

  “Then I am glad it’s Paris.” The
count smiled blandly.

  “ We were about to go. Miss Wain-

wright is not well and wishes to be
alone,” I said, taking up my hat, and
Carr and 1 moved toward the door.

  Courvoie was fairly outmaneuvercd.
“ I will take my leave also, then,” he
murmured. “ 1 shall hope to hear bet-
ter news to-morrow.” Then, with a
glance at me: “I will walk a little way
with you, if you will permit me.”

  I was very willing to permit him : in
fact, I was going to propose it myself.

I dropped a word to Laura under my
breath, and we three went down-stairs.

  Once on the soft glitter and the gay
hum of the boulevard, the count stepped
to the curb, glanced up the street, and
seemed to signal. I looked too, but saw
nothing more than a closed cab, that
crawled after us as we began to walk
slowly along the sidewalk.

  I was planning what to say, when the
count took the wind out of my sails.

  “ Now, Williams," he said crisply.
“ Tell me—what have you done with the
American?”

  “With Wainwright?" I gasped.
“ Great Heavens! What have you done
with him yourself? For I’m morally
certain that you're at the bottom of all
this.”

  “ I declare on my word that I know
absolutely nothing of what has become
of him,” protested Courvoie. “ I’ve had
men searching for him for a week.
Norn de Dieu! it’s more important to me
than to any one else that he should be
found.”

  “Why?” Carr demanded.

  “ Well, as his future son-in-law—”

   “ You liar! ” Carr burst out.
Fil-de-Fer started, flushed, and
glanced over his shoulder quickly.

  “ That’s not a word to use among gen-
tlemen,” he observed.

  “ No, but it’s a good word to use to
you ! ” Carr boiled.

  “ Hold on. Let’s not quarrel'” I in-
terposed. “ We won’t discuss the mar-
riage question. The important thing,
first, is to find what has become of Mr.
Wainwright.”

   “ I tell you I know nothing about it,”
the count repeated, and turned off to go
down a little street that stretched away
into dim down-hill regions to the left.

  “ No, keep to the boulevard,” I said,
with a sudden premonition.
PRINCE OF APACHES.

603

  “ We would be quieter this way,”
Courvoie urged.

  “ But perhaps not so peaceful,” I said,
taking him firmly by the arm and turn-
ing him back.

  The crawling cab had come up close
behind us, and as I glanced at it I saw
at least three faces peering through the
glass. Its interior must have been
packed with men.

  The faces disappeared instantly, but
a cold thrill shot down my backbone.
Now I was certain that Fil-de-Fer had
been forewarned of our coming to the
Grand Hotel.

  “ I think, in fact, that Mr. Carr and
I will leave you here,” 1 went on.
“ You mustn’t follow us. And listen,
Count Courvoie! ” I said imperatively.
“ You must in future make no attempt
to see Miss Wainwright. We have come
all the way from New York to pro-
tect her, and we’ll do it.”

  We left him planted on the sidewalk,
looking cold steel at us both. No doubt
he would have liked to call up his ear-
riageload of ruffians, but the crowded
boulevard was not the place. And, look-
ing warily over my shoulder, I presently
saw him get into the cab and drive off.

  I instantly stopped another cab that
happened to be passing.

  “ Go back to the hotel,” I said to Carr.
“ I’ll be along in an hour. I must find
out where he’s going.” And to the dri-
ver: “Double fare, if you don't lose
sight of that cab."

CHAPTER IX.

THE LATIN QUARTER.

  Ir is not so easy to follow a cab
through crowded streets, however, and
especially in the evening. We kept it
in sight down to the blaze of the Place
de Opera, up the Rue Scribe, and then
straight along the Rue Lafayette north-
eastward.

It was clear to me where Fil-de-Fer

and his gang were going. They were
heading for Montmartre and the north-
ern barrihe, the heights of the city by
the fortifications where criminal Paris
lias its headquarters.

  We kept them in sight to the Boule-
vard Clichy, the Tenderloin of Paris,

lying like a terrace on the side of the
steep Montmartre slope. Near the Cha-
teau Rouge we became involved in a jam
of cabs and automobiles, and when we
had got clear the count’s cab was out of
sight.

  I was angry and disappointed, but it
was not the fault of my driver. We
roamed about at random for a time; and
then, realizing that there was no use in
going farther, I ordered him to take us
back to the Grand Hotel. At any rate,
I had learned the region that the enemy
frequented.

  Another surprise met me as I entered
the hotel. Just inside the reading-room,
keeping a sharp, unobtrusive eye on
every one who entered, sat a man I knew
well.

  It was a detective from my old office,
the Manhattan Bureau, and it flashed
upon me that he was no doubt employed
in the search for Wainwright.

  I thought he passed an imperceptible
wink to me as he saw me; but he made
no open recognition, and I did not speak,
but went straight up-stairs to Laura’s
room.

  Carr was there, and they were con-
versing so eagerly that they hardly heard
my knock. I,aura seemed wonderfully
brighter. Carr had succeeded in cheer-
ing her up, I thought, with perhaps a
little ungenerous jealousy. But it was
not a moment for sentiment.

  “ The first thing is to get right out
of this hotel,” I said, “ and into some
quiet spot, the more obscure the better,
where no one will think of looking for
us. Monsieur le comte means mischief.”

  And I told briefly what had happened/
for Carr had not seen the menace of the
crowded cab.

  “ It can’t be the count who has taken
papa away! ” cried Laura. “ I never
dreamed of such a thing—it can’t be.”

  There was silence.

  “ I'm afraid it's quite possible,” I
said. “ Though, to be sure, I don’t see
how he could profit in any way by get-
ting your father out of sight. A few
days, however, ought to make it clear.
One thing I'm certain of^that Harry
Wainwright is alive and well, and in
Paris; though why he’s lying low in this
way, I can’t imagine.”

  I was rewarded by Laura’s grateful
604

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

look, but 1 spoke with more confidence,
than I really felt.

  In my heart I believed either that Fil-
(le-Fer had kidnaped the millionaire and
was keeping him imprisoned for reasons
of his own, or else that Wainwright’s
mind had somehow become unhinged,
and he had wandered off into some per-
haps fatal misadventure.

  But I said nothing of this. We spent
the rest of the evening in packing. I
paid the bills, and next morning at six
o’clock—the best hour for escaping pos-
sible spying—we drove away from the
hotel with one of Laura's trunks on the
top of our cab.

  The rest of her baggage I ordered
sent to a storage warehouse for the pres-
ent, and Carr’s trunk and mine were still
at the railway station.

  We crossed the river to the Latin
Quarter, and we had to drive about for
an hour or two before it was late enough
to look for lodgings. Finally we found
a sufficiently quiet, clean, and obscure
refuge in a students’ hotel—the Hotel
d’Ostende, on the Rue Bonaparte, just
below the Luxembourg Gardens.

  The hotel, which would have been
called a “ furnished - room house ” in
New York, contained no more than a
dozen lodgers, and wras managed by a
withered but spry old lady of nearly sev-
enty, with the assistance of her huge,
black-bearded son as valet de chambre.

  All day long this indefatigable Mme.
Lagache swept, mopped, scrubbed, and
dusted, followed obediently by her big
son, who had spent two years in a cavalry
regiment in Tunis, and now emptied
slops and made beds with a simple nat-
uralness that dignified his office.

  Laura took to them at once, and I
hoped that this was a spot where we
could remain concealed and quiet as long
as we chose.

  Prices have risen in-the Latin Quar-
ter, and the place has lost the desperately
spectacular Bohemia that probably it
never had, except in books. The more
impecunious students and artists have
moved to Montmartre, and there is al-
most village quiet on the little, crooked,
clean streets of the Left Bank.

  “ We installed Laura in a room on the
top floor, and Carr and I took the apart-
ment directly beneath her. A heavy tip

to the concicrge impressed upon her that
no one was to go up to see Mile. Henry
without first sending up his name. Laura
was to have her meals brought in from a
restaurant across the street; in fact, she
was to live almost as a prisoner, till we
obtained further light on the dangers
that might be threatening us. For the
present I was determined to take no
chances.

  We were no sooner settled than I hur-
ried across the river again to the banking
house on which Wainwright’s letter of
credit had been drawn. Disappointment
was the result, for I learned that the let-
ter had not yet been presented at all.

  Clearly Wainwright must have brought
a sufficient sum in cash from America to
last him for some time, but by now it
would surely have been exhausted. He
would almost certainly have drawn on
his credit, if he were alive and at liberty.

  Yet, if he were alive and at liberty,
what possible reason could he have for
thus concealing himself?

  I went back to the Latin Quarter, puz-
zling over this problem, trying somehow
to connect it with Courvoie and not quite
succeeding. Then, in the very doorway
of the Hotel d’Ostende, I espied Miller,
the American detectivc whom I had seen
at the Grand Hotel. The sight gave me
a sudden, queer uneasiness.

  I walked straight up to him this time.

  “ Business or pleasure, Miller?” I de-
manded.

  “ Well, either,” he answered, with a
shrewd, humorous side-glance. “ I want-
ed to see you, Williams. Thought you
might perhaps call at the office to see
the boys again.”

  “ Perhaps T may. But what did you
want to see me for ? ”

  “ Look here. You’re in the profes-
sion, or used to be. Can I talk to you
on the square? ”

  I hesitated, and my conscience pricked
me.

  “ Yes,” 1 said with a mental reserva-
tion.

  “ I’m looking for Wain wright, the
New York insurance man. You know
him, don’t you? ”

  “ I understood that he’d disappeared
in America. I heard of it before I
sailed,”T remarked.

  “ Now, you’re not talking on the level,
PRINCE OF APACHES.

605

Williams,” Miller reproached me. “You
needn’t try. to bluff. Wainwright was
spotted here two weeks ago. He was
at the Grand Hotel, with his daughter,
under an assumed name. Yesterday you
and your friend came here with Miss
Wainwright, and I’ve every reason to
suppose that you either have him here,
too, or that you know where he is.”

   I was astonished at so much accurate
information.

   “ You fellows have grown clever since
1 left,” I remarked. “ But I assure you
that I haven’t the slightest idea where
the man is. I believe he’s been mur-
dered. Why should I want to hide him,
or why should his daughter want to—or,
for that matter, why should he want to
hide himself? ”

  “ Well, 1 don’t know. There’s pos-
sibly a reason.” said Miller. “ You
know—”

   “ But aren’t you working on his daugh-
ter’s behalf? Aren’t you trying to find
him? ” I demanded.

   “ Why, I’m trying to serve a subpoena
on him. you know,” Miller explained.
“ Summons to testify before the insur-
ance committee in New York on the
business of his company. That’s what
I thought he might be trying to dodge.”
“ By Jove! ” I exclaimed, and a whole
new avenue of possibilities opened sud-
denly before me.

   I had totally forgotten the insurance
investigation.

   “ All the same, I don’t know anything
about him,” I said. “ Y'ou can go back
and tell the chief that from me.”

   “ I’ll tell him, all right, but I don’t
think he’ll be satisfied," returned Miller
with a grin as he walked off.

   But I stood on the sidewalk for a long
time, gazing across at the green tree-tops
of the Luxembourg and thinking hard,
before I went up-stairs at last to meet
Laura.

CHAPTER X.

  MONTMARTRE AFTER MIDNIGHT.

   Laura refused to believe that her fa-
ther could be hiding for any business
reasons, and Carr ridiculed the idea.
But 1 was not convinced. Certainly
there was no question of Wainwright’s

personal integrity, yet I thought that
possibly there might be secrets in the ad-
ministration of the Madison Life which
he would rather not have made public.
But I should have credited him with
more common sense than to take this
silly and useless method of concealment.

   However, if he were really lying low,
I felt certain that he would be in one of
the American or English pensions that
swarm in the west end of Paris near the
Bois de Boulogne. For Wainwright
spoke little or no French, and, in spite
of a dozen visits, knew practically noth-
ing of the city.

  There was a chance, I thought; and
I persuaded Carr to spend a couple of
days' with me in investigating it. I
found that he knew Paris like a book—
or part of it, at least. He had acquired
the knowledge expensively in his gilded
days, when he had also learned to speak
French as well as I did.

   At one of the tourist agcncies we pro-
cured a list -of English-speaking board-
ing-houses, and proceeded to visit them
one by one. There was an incredible
number of them ; our two days extended
to nearly a week, but when we had fin-
ished with them we had had our labor for
our pains, and the daily disappointment
had worn poor Laura almost into nervous
prostration.

  My suspicions turned again toward
Courvoie as the holder of the secret. We
had seen and heard nothing of him since
leaving the Grand Hotel, and now I
regretted more than ever that I had
failed that day to track him down to the
place he had come from.

  In the Bottin—the city directory—
his address was given as the Cercle de
Russie, a club which I knew to be like
many of the Paris clubs, simply a gam-
bling association. It was impossible that
he lived there; the great family mansion,
the old Hotel Courvoie in the Impasse
St. Francis, had been sold two genera-
tions ago, and just where the last dimin-
ished head of the family was laid I did
not know.

   I had a shrewd suspicion, however, and
next evening I turned to the heights of
Montmartre, where impecunious, artistic,
criminal, and adventurous Paris seethes
together in the narrow, up-and-down
streets and steps of the old suburb.
606

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

  It was nearly midnight when I left
my cab and walked along the Boulevard
Clidiy, for I knew that Courvoie and
his associates were night-birds and there
would be no use in going earlier into
their haunts.

  The Tenderloin of Paris had not
changed much in five years, I thought as
1 strolled warily along the showy boule-
vard. On every side flared the more or
less sensational resorts designed to give
the tourist a glimpse of the real Parisian
wickedness that he expects.

  The Moulin Rouge revolved its red
arms slowly above the sidewalk; the Rat
Mort, the Grande Truanderie, the Cafes
of Death, Heaven, and Hell advertised
their perfunctory outrageousness to the
street, crowded with revelers, tourists,
overdressed women, aild quiet, thin-faced
men with s&vage, restless eyes. These last
1 knew and kept clear of; they were the
wolves of the street, the Paris Apaches,
perhaps members of Fil-de-Fer's gang.

  I prowled about the district in a
desultory way that night, from the forti-
fications almost to the Buttes, peeping
into cafes, scrutinizing street groups,
hoping that I might pick up something
useful by a lucky chance. I did not find
anything of the sort, but the night
brought me a stfSnge meeting, which was
to bear fruit later.

  I was climbing the long flight of steps
that leads to the plateau of the Saere
Cceur, and was half-way up when 1 no-
ticed a man coming down from the top.
He stopped a couple of steps above me.

  “ Will monsieur tell me the time? ” he
requested.

  I examined him swiftly, noted the
cheap swagger of his bearing, and also
that one hand was clenched in his pocket.

  “ Time to be off,” I replied, showing
just the shining muzzle of my six-
shooter.

  " Parfaitement, monsieur,’' laughed the
rodeur, with easy assurance, and stood
aside to let me pass. I went wide, keep-
ing my eye on him, and caught a better
glimpse of his face.

  “ Rochet! ” I cried.

  The fellow’s face quickened, he
stared, hesitated, and almost gasped.

  “ M. Williams!” he ejaculated. “Ah,
’ere nom! Quelle chance! And I’d
have had my knife into you—”

  “ I dare say,” I said. “ But what have
you been doing? How do you come to be
an Apache?”

  Six or , eight years before, Emile
Rochet had been a most useful assistant
to me in my work in Paris. He was a
youngster of fourteen then, sharp with
the prenatural keenness of the streets
where he had been born and bred.

  I knew enough about him to have him
clapped into prison several times over,
and this fact perhaps strengthened his
loyalty; but he liked me, I believe, and
professed to be inconsolable when I
sailed for America.

  1 had made some provision for him,
to keep him out of the gutter, and now
here he was, with a knife in his pocket,
his face already seared and scorched
with alcohol and crime, prowling over
midnight Montmartre in search of prey.
But he seemed genuinely affected at the
meeting.

  “ You should have stayed, monsieur,’’
he said. “ After you went, they wouldn’t
use me at the American detective office.
Then 1 had a little difficulty with, the
police, and so now ”—he shrugged his
shoulders with a certain pride—“ now I
steal, I rob.”

  “ Do you kill, too?”

  “Monsieur doesn’t think me afraid of
a little red.”

  “ I think you’re likely to claim rela-
tionship with Sister Guillotine,” I said.
“ Would you like to work for me again,
at the old terms? I think I can use you.”
“ I’d ask nothing better,” he said
eagerly.

  “ Good. To begin with, do you know
the Count Courvoie?”

  “ Connais pas.” He shook his head.
“ The aristocracy are not intimate with
me.”

  “ Fil-de-Fer,” I corrected.

  The Apache brightened up.
“Fil-de-Fer! Do I know him? I
should think so! That is, I know him
by sight. He’s an aristocrat, sure
enough, a lord of Montmartre, prince of
the Apaches. He’s not afraid of the po-
lice, and he has a dozen of the worst ruf-
fians in Paris at the crook of his finger.”
“You’re not one of them?” I inter-
rupted' his enthusiasm.

  “ No, monsieur. I am not sufficiently
advanced,” he confessed.
PRINCE OF APACHES.

607

   “ Well, this is very interesting,” I said.
“ Where does Fil-de-Fer and his gang
have their headquarters? ”

  “ I don’t know. But I can find out.”

  “ Good. Find out, then, and meet me
to-morrow night at this same spot. Now,
go, and remember that it’s not safe to
play any tricks with me. You’ve become
so good an Apache that I don’t trust
you.”

  'I'he fellow went down the steps and
turned into the black mouth of the
Rue Gabrielle without looking back.
After some reflection, I turned back to
the Boulevard. My new all}', born and
bred in the depths of Paris, would find
out what I wanted, and there was no
use at present in exposing my life fur-
ther.

   1 diil not say much to Laura or to Carr
about my adventures. The result was too
uncertain, and I did not want to raise
their hopes. I merely said that I was
exploring Montmartre in the hope of
finding a clue, and that I thought I was
on the trail.

  I was disappointed, for next evening
Rochet failed to appear. I waited, bang-
ing about the stairs for nearly an hour,
and finally gave him up and went back
to explorations of my own. Again
Rochet failed me on the following night,
and I planned grimly to get even with
the traitor as I prowled about the slums
like a bird of prey.

  I saw terrible things in those two
nights, and ran terrible risks, though I
was dressed with careful shabbiness of
effect and carried a revolver in my coat-
pocket and a heavy loaded cane in my
hand. . I came home once to find my boots
soaked with blood, from a dark puddle
that I had stepped into unsuspectingly.

  Once a man in evening clothes reeled
out of a dark alley and tumbled at my
feet, with the life pouring out from a
dozen knife-cuts. I saw men—and wom-
en, too—held up, robbed, and beaten in
dark squares by gangs of hoodlums, and
dared not interfere, and, which was
pleasanter, I saw knives and pistols
drawn in street feuds, where the wolves
of the street took sides and turned against
one another.

  For this is the quarter of the mur-
derers, the rodeurs, the Apaches, who
kill as often as not for the sheer pleasure

of killing, like the weasel. They are a
development of the last thirty years, and
it is chiefly absinthe that is responsible
for their criminal insanity, more terrible
than anything known in saner America.

  By day and in the early evening these
streets, clean as even a Paris slum is al-
ways clean, wear a pleasantly quiet and
suburban air. But the wild beasts awake
with midnight; shadowy, skulking forms
haunt the darker streets; the dance-halls
of the barriere fill, arid the cabarets and
drinking-houses, where a stranger would
risk his life by showing a nickel watch.

  The police seem quite unable to han-
dle the situation, and will also be so until
they carry revolvers instead of their use-
less short swords.

  I ran risks, but I came through them
safely, thanks to a perfect knowledge of
French slang, a little audacity, and a
great deal of caution. But I saw no
more of Emile Rochet until the third eve-
ning.

  I was walking slowly along the
Boulevard Clichy, near the Place
Blanche, when a man jostled sharply
against me in the throng. As I turned
angrily to look at him I saw that it was
my unreliable assistant, and he gave me
a glance that checked the words 011 my
lips.

  “ Look out for yourself! ” he mut-
tered. “ Two of Fil-de-Fer’s gang are
following you.”

  And he was gone.

CHAPTER XI.

A MEETING IN HADES.

  I walked on a little way, stopped to
look in a shop window, and glanced cau-
tiously back. I could not at once make
out any one who looked as if he might be
shadowing me in the crowd of boule-
vardiers that filled the sidewalk, but pres-
ently a couple of men came in sight—
sharp-featured, pale, shifty-looking, like
true sons of the gaslight, and passed me
without a glance.,

  Whether of Fif-de-Fer’s gang or not,
they were of the true Apache type. But
they appeared to be following, not me,
but some one else.

  I walked slowly after them. A few
yards farther and I caught sight of a man
608

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

standing at the edge of the sidewalk. He
was looking the other way, but there was
something about his back that I seemed
to recognize.

  I started toward him, with a suddenly
beating heart, forgetting the “ shadow-
ers.” It was an old man. with a shock of
white hair, and as he began to walk Away
he seemed to move unsteadily, as if either
intoxicated or utterly exhausted. Then
he looked suddenly over his shoulder, and
I almost shouted his name.

  For it was Wainwright—Wainwright
himself, on the streets of the Paris Ten-
derloin.

  The face that he had turned toward
me was haggard and hunted, and as
pitiable as any human face I ever saw.

  I started to push toward him, and
found the two Apaches at my elbow.
They were looking at me now, with both
surprise and interest, and I was struck
all at once with the certainty that' I had
seen at least one of their faces before—■
through the glass window of a closed cab.

  The recognition filled my mind for an
instant, and when I glanced ahead again
the figure of Wainwright had disap-
peared.

  I ran after him, elbowing my way
through the crowd, but I could not find
him. We were in front of the Cafe
de l’Enfer, where a rather tame repre-
sentation of future punishment is given
to shock the sensation-seeking tourist; but
1 could not think that he had entered the
place.

  I saw the pair of Apachcs go in, how-
ever; and, after another anxious glance
up and down the street, I took the chance
of following them.

  It was a long, low, narrow hall, dimly
lighted, with glass-topped tables illu-
mined by a fiery glow from beneath.
Pasteboard serpents decorated the ceil-
ing ; a man in a dress-suit banged a piano
in a crimson caldron.

  Satan himself, in the conventional
scarlet and cock’s feather, waved me to
a seat, and an attendant imp hovered
round for my order.

  Instead of sitting down I looked round,
and drew a sigh of relief to see that I
had been right. For there sat the man
I was looking for, his elbows 011 the lurid
table and his head in his hands, in an
attitude of total prostration.

  He paid no attention to the glass of
beer beside him. The two roughs had
sat down on the opposite side of the same
table, but he failed to notice them.

  The Apaches transferred their attention
to me, as I sat down at the nearest possi-
ble table, and there was suspicion, hos-
tility, if not menace, in their faces. I was
sure that they had recognized me, and
were going to stand between me and their
victim—if he were their victim.

  “ Bring me a bock,” I said impatiently
to the satanic waiter who hovered at my
shoulder.

  “One pot of molten brimstone of the
hottest! ” he sang out to the bar, and
Mephistopheles emitted a rattling laugh.

  It was Wainwright. There was no
doubt of it, and I wondered what terrible
history his presence implied. Had Cour-
voie been keeping him prisoner—had he
escaped, and was about to be recaptured
—or had these thugs simply marked him
as a likely object of robbery?

  I could not guess, but evil was pre-
paring for him, and I rejoiced that I had
come up before the crisis.

  I tried to catch his eye, but he would
not look up. I was afraid to go to him
directly. The Apaches were regarding
me more and more threateningly, and 1
saw that I had committed a fatal error
in making myself so conspicuous. I
could do nothing unless I could get out
of their watchfulness, and I got up, in-
tending to go out and wait for Wain-
wright on the sidewalk.

  But before I reached the door one of
the men rose to follow me. And, at this
open declaration of war, I turned back
and sat down again.

  A nervous five minutes passed. The
piano clanged, the demons laughed and
shrieked, papier - mac he snakes were
swung down from the ceiling, while the
Apaches watched me without moving,
and I watched Wainwright, who kept his
head in his hands. I fancied that he
had gone to sleep.

  " A la chaudicre! ” shouted Satan, and
the customers arose and filed obediently
toward the “ hot room.” But Wain-
wright kept his seat, and the two men
stayed with him.

  I followed the crowd gladly, however,
seeing a chance of slipping quietly out.

  The chaudicre was an. inner chamber,
PRINCE OF APACHES.	609

decorated to resemble a grotto, and I
was disappointed to find that it had no
street door. On a small stage at the
farther end a crimson-clad devil was
giving an exhibition of contortions, and
afterward a presumably wicked individual
was shown burning at the stake. After
the flames had flared up so as to conceal
his body completely, they gradually sank,
and a skeleton was seen hanging in the
chains.

  I had seen the same thing before, on
the New York vaudeville stage, and when
volunteers were called for to be burned
alive I accepted with alacrity.

  They clasped the chain round my waist,
and the puffs of steam, illuminated by
rays from a lantern, began to rise round
my legs. When these mock flames had
enshrouded me safely an arm deftly un-
hooked the chain, and I was pulled aside
and l>ehind a curtain.

  “ I have saved you from your well-
merited punishment,” said the demon
sepulchrally. “It is worth—”

  “ A franc,” I replied. “ And a half
louis, if you get me out of here without
passing through the cafe.”

  The devil winked and nodded with a
very human interest, hustled me back
through a storeroom, a passage, and into
a narrow courtyard. Here lie opened a
door, and 1 was in the blaze of the street.

  I walked round to the entrance and
peeped cautiously into the cafe. The
three men were gone.

  Cursing my clumsiness, I rushed up
and down the street. There was 110 sign
of them. I thought they might have gone
down one of the narrow cross streets,"and
I peered round the first corner. The
little street was dim and deserted.

  I wheeled round, wild with anxiety and
rage, and dashed back to the other corner,
that of the Rue Pierre Haret. And there,
twenty yards away, I saw three figures
moving slowly down the street, close to-
gether, while a fourth form followed a
little way behind. Then, all at once,
they all seemed to coalesce into one strug-
gling mass.

  I rushed down toward them, and a cab
passed me, driving swiftly to the spot.
As I came up I landed such a blow with
my loaded stick on the head of one of the
men that he dropped as if he had been
struck dead.

    3	S

  Suddenly released, Wainwright stag-
gered back against the wall. His hat
had fallen off, and his disordered hair
shone white. But, to my amazement, I
saw that the second Apache was wrestling
furiously with a young fellow in the
velveteen coat and baggy trousers of a
Bohemian artist.

   Before I could take it' all in the artist
had freed himself, dashing his man down
with a crash on the pavement, and he
instantly wheeled and grasped me by the
throat with a strangling grip.

  “ Ali-h-h! ” I gurgled, speechless as
much from astonishment as from the
choking, for it was Penfield Carr’s face
under the big, soft hat—Carr, whom I
had supposed safe at home in the Hotel
d’Ostendc.

  “ Look out—drop ! ” Carr exclaimed,
letting me go, and I ducked without
knowing why.

  A knife swished over my shoulder
harmlessly, and a man bumped heavily
into my back. Carr’s fist shot out over
my head—there was a thud, and a fall.
It was the cab driver, and I knew him
when I turned.

  It was Jules, who had clashed with me
in New York.

  For the moment he was knocked out.

  “ Come along, Mr. Wainwright. Can
you run? Quick!” Carr exclaimed.
“ Williams, take his other arm.”

  But poor Wainwright only moaned as
we dragged him between us up to the
Boulevard. In another half minute we
had him in a cab, and were driving fast
toward the Latin Quarter.

CHAPTER XII.

THE BLACK BOOK.

  “ Where 011 earth have you been,
Wainwright? What has happened?” I
exclaimed as soon as we were well off.

  The millionaire, lying back in one
corner, murmured something indistin-
guishable, but did not even open his eyes.

  “ He’s thoroughly done up by—what-
ever he’s been through. But how did
you get 011 his track?” I said to Carr.
“ In disguise, too, by Jove! ” I looked
over his picturesque get-up with a laugh,
for I felt gay enough at the idea that
our troubles were over.
610

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

  “ I’ve been on a still-hunt of my own
for the last couple of nights,” Carr re-
plied. “ I put on this rig, because an
artist can go anywhere and never gets
held up. But it was sheer, blind good
luck that made me sight him coming out
of that joint with the two toughs.”

  “ They were Count Courvoie’s men.
He’s been at the bottom of it all.”

  “ I thought so. We’ll hear it all as
soon as he’s rested enough to tail*.”

  But Wainwright remained in his semi-
stupor throughout the ride, and we had
almost to carry him up the dark stairs
to our room, wher&^we got him into bed.
I went out at once to the cafe opposite
and brought up a bowl of coffee, while
Carr hastened up-stairs to tell Laura.

  1 returned first. Wainwright seemed
a little more awake, and I got him to take
the coffee, which, after the first sip, he
drank eagerly. He looked up at me
questioningly.

  “ That’s better. It’s really you, Will-
iams? I thought I must be dreaming.-
Where is—”

  At this moment Laura burst in,
in dressing - gown and slippers — pale,
breathless — and flung herself on her
knees by the bed.

  “Oh, papa — papa! It’s you! I
thought I’d never see you again. You’re
all right? You’re not hurt? What has
been the matter? Oh, I thought I should
have died! ”

  She was stroking her father’s head,
kissing his hand, patting him over to
make sure that he was safe and sound,
and then she burst into crying and buried
her head in the pillow.

  “ Laura, daughter ! ” said Wainwright
brokenly. “ Don’t blame me for leaving
you. I couldn’t help it. Forgive me
—I—” '

  “ I know—I know! Don’t talk of it,”
said Laura. “ It doesn’t matter now—
since I have you back. And now we can
all go away from this terrible city, can’t
we? Back home—back to America—to
New York.

  “ Uncle Bob, you’ll see about getting
our tickets for the first steamer, won’t
you? The very first,” she repeated, half
smiling and still half weeping.

  “ You bet I will,” I responded with all
my heart, but Wainwright raised a pro-
testing hand.

  “ Wait,” he murmured, and paused, as
if from weakness.

  “ I must speak to you, Williams—
alone—on something private.”

  Laura looked astonished and hurt,
Carr merely surprised at being thus
turned out of the room; but they went
at once.

  “ We can't leave Paris, Williams.
Don’t buy any steamer tickets. Laura
and I have to stay, until—”

  “ Yes, until—” I repeated. “ Now,
what’s all this mystery?”

  His face had begun to flush with the
strong liquor, and his voice grew firmer.
“ Where am I ? ” he questioned.

  “ In the Hotel d’Ostende, in the Latin
Quarter.”

  “ Does Count Courvoie know that
Laura is here? ”

  “ I hope not. What has Courvoie to
do with all this? ”

  Wainwright hesitated long, with his
eyes on my face.

  “ The count has documents—business
documents — of the Madison Life,” he
said at last. “ They’re so important that
I daren’t appear before the investigating
committee without them.”

  “ I suspected something of the sort.
How did he get them?”

  “It was when I was ill in New York
last winter with pneumonia. I was ir-
rational part of the time; but I had lucid
intervals when I knew that I was liable
to die, and there were certain things that
I wanted to have destroyed.

  “ They were in the little safe, you
know, that’s built into the wall of my
bedroom. They had been there ten
years. There were reasons why I couldn’t
ask even Laura to do it for me. If you
had only been there—but there wasn’t
time to send for you.”

  He stopped, breathing heavily, and a
dark shadow that I was afraid to define
began to rise in my mind.

  “ The count had been with me a great
deal,” he went 011 at last. “ He seemed
to be a gentleman; and he was a for-
eigner and would be away in a few
months, and he knew nothing of Ameri-
can business affairs, and — finally, one
day, I gave him the combination of the
lock and asked him to burn what was
in the safe.

  “ Of course we were alone in the
PRINCE OF APACHES.

611

room. I was too weak to lift my head;
but when it was all oyer Courvoie lifted
me up, and I saw the grate full of
charred paper. I thought it was all
right. It took an immense weight from
my mind, and I began to get better at
once.

  “ I thought it was all right, as I say,
till that evening—you remember—at the
Hotel Richelieu. Then I learned that
Courvoie had burned only part of the
things. The most important, the ledger,
he had smuggled out. He had it. He
showed it to me.”

  He stopped again, and I looked at him
with a heavy heart. The shadow of
doubt that had risen in my mind was
become almost a certainty.

  “ Well, it was a question of how much
he wanted for it. I suppose,” I said.
“ What did you offer him ? ”

  “Not exactly that. You see — he
wanted to marry Laura. He insisted
that I should use my influence—”

  “And you refused, I hope!” I inter-
rupted sharply.

  Wainwright was silent.

  “ Come, now,” I said, sitting down be-
side him. “ You haven't told me all.
You can trust me, I hope. Take it that
I’m a detective acting for you, as I am.
I can’t do anything unless you're per-
fectly frank. What is the nature of the
documents—the ledger—that Courvoie
stole? ”

  He was too weak to deny or to lie; he
only looked at me with helpless, pitiable
appeal.

  “ Swear that you will never speak of
it! ” he implored.

  I stood up arid turned away.

  “No, don’t go, Williams!” he cried.
“ Of course I can trust you. Only, for
Heaven’s sake, remember what it means
to me—my business honor and all! And
it was so long ago! ”

  The whole story came out—stumbling-
ly, incoherently, and squalid and tragic
enough—as I had foreseen.

  "Tt was common enough, indeed—the
story of funds taken from the immense
surplus of the Madison Life and mis-
used. as his autocratic control of the
company enabled him to do; of hundreds
of thousands transferred to the tottering
Ocean Trust Company, which was at one
time another of his enterprises; of a jug-

gling with millions of assets from the
account of one concern to another till at
last, almost without knowing how, he
found them deposited to his own—it was
an old story, simple enough in spite of
its complexity, but it was an appalling
one to hear from Henry Wainwright,
president of that model institution, the
Madison Life.

  The only redeeming feature was that,
as it appeared, he'had always kept the
idea of restitution in his mind. For this
purpose, as I gathered, all the details of
his illegitimate transactions had been en-
tered with businesslike accuracy in the
ledger which he had mentioned, and he
had kept this terrific and damning record
for ten years in the safe that he had had
specially built for it beside his bed.

  “ I had not felt especially uneasy
about it,” he went 011 with an effort,
“ until you told me of the Count’s record.
Then, that night while you waited for
me at the hotel! It made an old man of
me. I threatened, entreated, promised—
I don’t know what I said.

  “ When I heard that the man had
sailed for France again, I didn’t know
what to think. But he had scarcely
more than got there than he cabled me
to come over at once, and to bring Laura
with me.

  “ I was afraid to refuse. I sailed un-
der a false name. I suppose Laura has
told you. I did all I could, Williams,
believe me! But what could I do? ”

  “ You might have done a good deal,”
I said. “ But now you can just let me
alone, and I’ll settle the fellow.”

  “ For Heaven’s sake, be careful, Will-
iams,” he cried in terror. “ You can’t
understand what it means to me! To
have such a thing come out, after al?
these years, with the reputation I have.’
“ I’m thinking rather of what the al-
ternative means to Laura,” I told him.
“ Why did you leave her?”

  “ I heard, by accident, that there was
a subpoena out for me to testify before
the committee. I daren't face it. I
knew that Courvoie would put in his
testimony, too, when our company’s case
came up.

  “ The only tiling to do w-as to delay
things by dodging the subpcena. So I
disappeared, and I couldn’t explain to
Laura or tell her where I was going.
612

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

   “ I went to a little hotel in the north-
east part of the city. I forgot that I had
only a little money with me; and when I
found it out, I was afraid to draw on my
letter of credit, lest I should be recog-
nized and followed.

   “ I stayed at' the little hotel as long
as I could, till my money ran out. My
bill was due this morning, and I couldn’t
speak enough French to make explana-
tions.

  “ I went out early this morning and
walked about. I had a letter of credit'
for ten thousand dollars in my pocket,
but only a couple of francs to keep me
from starving.

  “If I had known where the count
lived, I would have gone to him, I be-
lieve. But I didn’t; and I walked and
.walked all day and all evening. I
thought of going back to the Grand
Hotel, but I was afraid.

  “ Finally, late at night, I remember
going into a cafe to rest, and I think I
went to sleep. I seem to recollect seeing
your face. I thought, then, that I was
dreaming, for I was pretty far gone.
Then I went out, somehow; two men
were helping me along, and I was too
exhausted to care what became, of me.
Then there was a row. and then I was
in a cab—it’s all hazy.”

  I looked at my old friend’s haggard
and tortured face, and pity swamped all
my other emotions.

  “ You’ve been a greater fool than I
could have believed possible,” I said;
“ and you’ve been a coward; but you’ve
suffered for it. Heaven knows that I
don’t pretend to judge you, so long as
you don’t try to sacrifice your daughter.”

  “What shall I do, then?” he asked
faintly.

  “ Anything but that. Leave it all to
me—and Carr. I know how to deal with
fellows like the count. We’ll get your
ledger back all right. You’d better de-
scribe it accurately to me.”

   “ It’s a black book,” he said, his voice
growing feebler. “ A common, black-
bound ledger, about six by ten inches,
not very thick. It was locked; but that
fellow filed the hasp to open it. It’s
half full of complicated accounts. You
can easily recognize it by the broken
lock.”

   “ I’ll get it,” I said confidently “ But

look here, Wainwright! You must give
me your word that you’ll refund all
that money at once. What’s the total
amount? ”

  “ Not over eight hundred thousand.
I’d have done it before, only it isn’t easy
to produce nearly a million without show-
ing where it came from—and why. But
I’ll do it the first thing when I get back
to New York, if you can only get me out
of this trouble.”

  “ Another thing. You mustn’t let Carr
or Laura suspect a word of this,” I
added. “ Tell them that Courvoie has
stolen documents which must be recov-
ered before the investigation comes off.
Do you understand ? ”

  “Yes,” said Wainwright almost in-
audibly.

  He gave me one look, and then his
eyes closed.

  I thought for a moment that he was
dying, and sprang up.

  But his breath came and went regu-
larly. He was simply in a deep stupor
of exhaustion, and I left him to the
medicine of sleep.

CHAPTER XIII.

LOVE AND LIKING.

  I WENT softly out, and looked up Carr
and Laura, to whom I repeated my own
version of Wainwright’s confession and
troubles.

  “ Oh, dear! ” said Laura, dismayed.
“ I thought we could go home. I
thought the trouble was all over; but it
seems that it’s only begun.”

  “Not a bit of it. We’ll get those
business papers back, all right, in no
time,” cried Carr cheerfully. “ Won’t
we, Williams?”

  “ Of course,” I said confidently. But
I did not speak of the price that Cour-
voie demanded for them.

  It was then nearly four o’clock in the
morning, and with some difficulty I per-
suaded Laura to go to bed again. I
myself was ready to drop with fatigue,
and Carr was not much better. We
went down-stairs, found Wainwright
still asleep, and both flung ourselves on
the other bed, where I, at least, lapsed
into immediate unconsciousness.

Carr awoke me about nine o’clock,
PRINCE OF APACHES.

613

and I opened my eyes from uneasy
dreams to find the sun pouring into the
room and Wainwright still sleeping
soundly. We went out quietly, left word
with our concierge to send up Laura’s
breakfast, and crossed the street to the
cafe where we took our own meals.

  Here, sitting over our coffee and
pctits pains at a table on the sunny side-
walk, I told Carr what the count de-
manded in return for the precious black
book.

  “ The fellow is actually trying to
blackmail Wainwright into letting him
marry Laura?” exclaimed Carr in huge
indignation. “ Well, luckily Laura will
have something to say about it. He can’t
force her. Surely he won’t try.”

  “ I don’t know. Wainwright has gone
to pieces. He’s utterly broken up. He’s
desperate; and if he should be served
with papers to testify at the investiga-
tion, and knew that Fil-de-Fer was go-
ing to produce-that record—hold it out,
I mean—”

  “ But is an American subpcena good
in France?” Carr suggested.

  “ I don’t know. I never thought of
that! ” I declared, struck by this con-
sideration. “ But it doesn’t matter
whether it’s legally good or not,” I
added, after thinking for a few seconds.
“If the papers are served, Wainwright
will be morally bound to appear, or his
absence would be the worst possible tes-
timony against him.”

  “ Yes, 1 suppose so. But what’s in
that stolen ledger, anyhow?”

  “ Wainwright didn’t say exactly. But
it’s so important that he daren’t appear
without it.”

  “ Well, we’ve got to get the blamed
thing away from your Apache count.
And we’ll have to keep Wainwright out
of sight, or they'll start to investigate
him before he’s ready. But, so far as
Laura is concerned—don’t worry.”

  “ Why not?”

  “ Well, of course, if it came to the
point, if I had to do it to stop the mar-
riage, I wouldn’t hesitate to shoot that
fellow. Besides—”

  “Yes—besides,” I said with.an agita-
tion that I tried to conceal. “ How is
your own affair going, Carr? What are
your chances ? ”

  “ Of course I haven’t worried her

with my nonsense while we’ve been here.
She’s had troubles enough. But she
knows, I think—she must have seen—
how I feel about it. And, well, some-
times I’m optimistic and sometimes not.
But you can be certain that I’m not
going to let anybody else take her away
from me, not without a fight.”

  He did not know that it was a decla-
ration of war against me too, and I was
sorry for the forced rivalry as I looked
at him, brimming with friendliness,
youth, hope, and animation.

  I liked Penfield Carr too much to want
to beat him, but I did want to beat him.
Was it a hopeless endeavor? I caught
sight of my face in the mirror of the
cafe-door, and I saw that I looked all
of my forty-odd years.

  As I sat there, warmed through and
through by the delicious morning sun,
with the faint languor of fatigue still
lingering, I grew strangely hopeful.
Hope is in the air of Paris.

  I listened vaguely to Carr’s chatting
and smoked a good deal as I gazed across
at the massed green of the Luxembourg
Gardens, shining through the iron
grille.

  Distinguished-looking Parisians, dainty
women, children, nurse - maids, hurried,
loitered, romped on the sidewalk, like
people who knew the enjoyment of life.
A vender of cream - cheese wandered
down the street with her musical cry:
“Creme! A la cre-eme!” A push-cart
full of strawberries made a vivid spot
of crimson up the Rue Vaugirard, and
the warm sun and the cheerfulness of
Paris gave me hope and daring and con-
fidence of success.

  “ It’s only a question of money, after
•all,” I found that Carr was saying.

  “Money! What do you mean?” I
exclaimed.

  “ To buy Courvoie off. We’ll offer
him a hundred thousand, or a quarter
of a million. Wainwright will stand to
the bargain. Do you know where the
count lives?”

  “ No, but I think I can find out.”

  And I told Carr of my Apache assist-
ant, Rochet, in whom I felt more con-
fidence since he had passed me the warn-
ing on the boulevard.

  “ We must find him,” said Carr.
“ Meanwhile, we must get Wainwright
614

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

into a room of his own and keep him
dark.”

  “ Yes, and we’d better go back and
see if he’s awake," I remarked, throw-
ing away my last cigarette. “ We’ve
left him alone long enough.”

  When we went back, we found Wain-
wright not only awake, but out of bed
and dressed. He seemed not much the
worse for his adventures, beyond being
still weak and shaky; but I saw again,
with a shock, how changed he was from
the man he had been three months be-
fore.

  He was old and broken, and his whole
manner was full of nervousness and ir-
resolution that marked the moral break-
up that had come with the physical—
that was, in fact, the cause of the physi-
cal. The thing he had kept buried for
so many years had burst out at last with
shattering effect.

  Carr went down-stairs to order break-
fast for him, and to make arrangements
for hiring another room, while I went
up to see I.aura. She had been sitting
with her father before he was up, and
1 found her silently crying over him,
alone in her room.

  She seemed glad to bring her troubles
to me, as she had done many times be-
fore.

  “ Poor papa—I don’t know what can
be the matter with him," she said. “ He
seems twenty years older, and so worn
and broken! Isn’t it incredible that
Count Courvoie should have turned out
to be that kind of man—a thief and a
blackmailer? But I don’t see why papa
doesn’t have him arrested, or else ignore
him, or, if the papers are really so very
important, why doesn’t he pay what the
man wants and have the trouble over?”

  “ The count wants a very high price,”
I remarked. “ But the papers he holds
are really very important, and we’re go-
ing to try to come to terms with him.
Carr and—I are gping into the lion's
den to-night, if we can find it. We’ll
beat him down, if possible; but, any-
how, we’re going to have that black
ledger—by fraud or force, dead or
alive! ”

  “Force? Do you mean that there
may be danger?” she asked anxiously.

  “It's possible — if Fil-de-Fer is ob-
stinate.”

 “And Mr. Carr—”

  “Are you afraid Carr’ll be hurt?” I
interrupted rather roughly.

  She was silent, and a slow flush spread
over her face as she gazed down at the
damp handkerchief in her hand. Then
she raised her eyes, and they were full
of a wonderful softness that I had never
seen in them.

  It made my heart palpitate suddenly
—but was the look for me or for Carr?

  “ That isn’t kind,” she said. “ Mr.
Carr is a very old friend, and you know
how terrible it would be to me if either
of you came to any harm in this affair.
I like Mr. Carr, and I respect him great-
ly, and you know what I think of you.”
“ No, but I should like to,” I said.
She came and stood behind my chair,
putting her hands on my shoulders.

  “ I think—I think that you are and
always will be my dear old Uncle Bob,
whom I shall always love better than
anybody.”

  This was too much.

 “Laura! You don’t know what
you’re saying! ” I blazed, jumping up.

  Then, as I confronted her hurt, aston-
ished face, I realized suddenly that it was
I who did not know what I was saying.

  “ Forgive me, my dear,” I said, calm-
ing down. “ I’m proud to be all that,
and I hope, indeed, that you’ll never
think any worse of me.”

  And I left the room and went down-
stairs, half elated, half depressed, wholly
puzzled. I had learned only how far she
was from guessing the secret of my heart.

CHAPTER XIV.

“ THE DROP OF COLD.”

  However matters might stand with
Laura, it was her father’s affairs that
had to be straightened out first.

  We lodged the unhappy millionaire in
a small room on the same landing as our
owir, and I emphasized upon our con-
cierge that no one was to be admitted to
see “ Monsieur Henry,” who was ill and
needed quiet, which was true enough.

  He gave us full authority to make, in
his name, any arrangements of a finan-
cial nature with the count that we could,
for the recovery of that dreadful book
of accounts.	/
PRINCE OF APACHES.

615

  First of all we had to find the count.
For tljfis I depended chiefly on Emile
Rochet’s aid. If he failed us, our only
resource would be chance, unless, indeed,
we might encounter one of Courvoie’s
gang, and bribe him to take us to his
chief.

  The most probable result of such a
move would be that we would be con-
ducted into an ambush where we would
both be slaughtered. For we had ex-
changed blows with the Apaches; war
was declared, and we would be marked
men when we next ventured upon the
Montmartre heights. With this pros-
pect, I opened my trunk and began to
make certain preparations, while Carr
looked on.

  “ What have you got in the way of
weapons?” I asked him.

  “A revolver. Isn’t that enough?”

  “ We’re liable to find ourselves in
ticklish places to-night,” f said. “ A
revolver makes a noise, and the police
are almost as dangerous to us as the
Apaches. Better take a leaf out of the
book of our friends the enemy.”

  And I took a cane from my trunk,
pressed a catch and drew out a shining
steel blade two feet long, razor-edged
on both sides.

  “ It’s silent, and it’s worth ten pis-
tols in a*melee,” 1 remarked. “ You’d
better carry it.”

  “ No, thanks,” said Carr, viewing the
sword-cane with disfavor. “ Knives
arc an acquired taste. I don’t like ’em.
I’ll stick to a gun, and my fists.”

  “ Your fists—very well. 1'ry this,
then,” and I produced a most' ferocious
pair of brass knuckles, with, spikes an
inch long. I had taken them from a
famous American burglar eight (years
ago.

  “Oh, HeavensJ” Carr exclaimed, re-
coiling.

  “ Put them in your pocket.”

  “ No, 110,” he hastened to reply. “ I
shouldn’t know how to use them. Be-
sides, I don’t want to mangle my vic-
tims. How did you ever get such an
arsenal of unlawful weapons?”

  “ Accumulation of years,”. I said.
“ You haven’t seen half of them. I
have a full set of burglar’s tools here,
which may come in handy yet. Well,
carry what weapons you like, but I’m not

going to despise these things because
they’re not sportsmanlike. We’re going
against human wild beasts.”

  “ What’s that little bottle you’re put-
ting in your pocket?” Carr demanded.

  “ Chloroform,” I told him.

 He shrugged his shoulders and
watched me in silence as I laid out the
sword-cane, and oiled and reloaded my
pistol. The brass “ knucks ’’ I put
back; 1 had to draw the line at them
myself.

  We still had a long time to wait be-
fore we could start on the expedition.
I did not see I.aura again; I was ashamed
to meet her. but I believe that Carr
spent a couple of hours with her. This
fact did not make the time pass any more
pleasantly for me, and I was thoroughly
glad when, at ten o’clock, we were driving
northward through the yellow glow of
the gas-lit streets.

  The Paris Tenderloin blazed with
light and screamed with animation as
we left our cab at the Hippodrome and
proceeded on foot to the long steps where
Rochet had met me.

  No one was there. I had scarcely ex-
pected it, yet I was deeply disappointed,
and my chagrin grew during the fifteen
minutes that we spent waiting uselessly
about the place. Rochet had failed me
again.

  There was just a possibility that we
might stumble upon him on the Boule-
vard Clichy, and we spent an hour in
promenading that sensational thorough-
fare, and investigating some of the cafes
that elbow one another along its length.
We looked into the Moulin Rouge, La
Mart, Le Rat Mori. Aristide Bruant’s,
and that sinister drinking-house that
simulates a prison, with a guillotine de-
capitating a dummy figure every ten
minutes, in the center of the room.

  We were going out of this place, when,
at the very door I met my Apache coming
in.

  “Excuses, monsieur!" he exclaimed
with a gasp of astonishment and fright
as he recognized me. “ I was coming—
I didn’t know—”

  “ That’s all right,” I said, drawing
him out to the sidewalk, and then, in a
low voice, “ Have you found what I set
you to find?”	v-

  “ Yes, but not till this very afternoon.
616

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

I went to the Sacre Cceur to meet you
to-night, but—”

  “ That’s a lie. You didn’t,” I com-
mented. “ Hut never mind. Where
does Fil-de-Fer hang out?”

  “ Cabaret de la Goutte d'Or, Rue du
Foin. He meets his friends there every
night.”

  “ His gang, I suppose. What sort of
a place is it? ”

  The Apache gave an inimitable shrug.
“Not too good. But'safe enough, if
you go with me. I have friends who
go there, and I can introduce you.”
“Shall we risk it?” I said to Carr in
English. “ I don’t trust him too much,
and the Rue du Foin is one of the worst
bits of Montmartre.”

  “Risk it? Of course!” Carr ex-
claimed. “ What else did you bring
your knives and knuckle-dusters for?”

  “ Look out for trouble, then, and be
sure not to let anybody get behind you.
Lead on, Rochet, and remember, if there’s
any row you’ll be the first to get hurt.”
The fellow broke into a torrent of
protestations, but I made him stop, and
he conducted us in a sulky silence west-
ward along the boulevard, and then
north through a maze of mean streets
that seemed deserted and silent as death.

(To be e

  We met few persons, and they all gave
our party a wide berth. It was an omi-
nous sign, and I kept one eye over my
shoulder most of the time until we came
into an almost semicircular curving
street that proved to be the Rue du Foin.

  The cabaret of the Drop of Gold was
midway in its length. It was a base-
ment cafe, for its windows rose scarcely
to the street level, and through the dingy
glass of the door I could see the top of
the broad steps going down.

  Beyond this I could see nothing but a
haze of smoke, and the dim heads of a
number of men.

  It was not very reassuring, but it was
much what I had expected. I glanced
at Carr, who wore an air of determina-
tion.

  Then Rochet pushed open the door
and went in.

  Foul air, smoke, and alcohol fumes
smote me in the face like a gust as I
followed.

  Through the reek I dazedly saw every
face in the room turned toward us with
savage suspicion.

  I put my finger on the catch of my
sword-cane.

  For on the instant I expected an over-
whelming rush.

n 11 n a e d . )

THE SIGNET OF KALIKRATES.

                 By He^len Tompkins.

  ^HE goddess of truth, reaching
  down through the ages,
  hands one to a couple of bad men*

“—p“IIERE’S a splendid monograph
I owned by a man named Smith
1 in your town—I saw it last
year,” said John Archibald, his
commonplace face lighting up. “ If you
are interested in such things—”

  “ But you see I am not—unfortunate-
ly,” said Graham softly. “ Now, gems—
yes. I can understand and take an in-
telligent interest in them. But—”

  “ Gems! ” Archibald looked about
him uncertainly. A letter from a mutual
friend had urged him to show Richard
Graham every courtesy in his power, and
the perplexed antiquarian knew his lim-
itations. “ I have several good stones.
Frankly, they are of interest to me only
in a limited way. Not that they are
especially valuable—”

  “ I love them for their beauty,” re-
marked Graham. “ Color — sparkle —
they have an especial fascination for me.”
“ Strange! ” The old man had taken
a little oblong box from the open safe.
“ Rubies? ” he hazarded. “ Do you hap-
pen to be interested in rubies—by any
chance?”
THE SIGNET OF KALIKRATES.

617

  Graham nodded as the kneeling man
peered near-sightedly up at him. He was
able to control his face fairly well, but
his fingers were twitching, and it re-
quired all the self-control which he could
command to hold his longing in leash—
the longing to snatch the oblong box and
take to his heels as fast as he could. He
told himself over and over that the thing
was madness — that old Archibald,
dreamer that he was, was far too keen
a man of business to take foolish chances
with the Archibald collection; the envy
of the gem-lovers of two continents.

  But his eyes burned as they rested
upon the rubies.

  “ I wonder that you are not afraid to
keep them here,” he said as he sifted the
glowing stones through his fingers and
glanced furtively-at the old antiquarian
under his lowered lids. “ That is the
Harden Ruby, is it not? I think that I
saw it once—years ago.”

  John Archibald was tapping the case
nervously with his long, lean fingers.

  “ Yes, that is the Harden Ruby,” he
said thoughtfully. “ I bought it last year
from the Harden heirs. I got a couple
of scarabs from them at the same time.
I knew old Andrew Harden when I was
a boy, so I could be sure of what I was
getting.”

  Graham was weighing the magnificent
stone lovingly in his hand. He looked
down into it as into a core of flame, and
watched the shimmer of the crimson
lights within its glowing heart.

   “ It is superb,” he muttered faintly as
he gave it back into the old man’s keep-
ing.

  He had been aware for a long moment
that the antiquarian had been eying him
curiously. Had his longing and greed be-
trayed him—had the old collector for the
moment caught him off his guard? His
blood ran ice to his finger-tips.

  Perhaps his own fear had exaggerated
the magnitude of the danger.

   “ I have one gem in my possession that
the public generally has no knowledge
of,” said the old man hesitatingly. “ I
am very anxious to show you every cour-
tesy, of course, Mr. Graham, yet there is
little that I can do. I am a bachelor
and I have few friends, so that socially
I can be of very little use to you. Finan-
cially I am quite as helpless; I am sim-

ply a commonplace old man, sir, with an
income that suffices for my simple needs,
and with a dozen fortunes—as useless to
me as to others—locked behind the doors
of this room. If the sight of my stones
can give you pleasure—”

  Graham had regained in a measure
his self-control which the first sight of
the rubies had robbed him of. He had
near made a fool of himself—he thanked
his guiding gods that he had done no
worse.

   In the meantime, John Archibald had
evidently made a sudden resolve. He
unlocked a drawer in the big steel safe—
juggled with a combination—and a
shallow compartment slid noiselessly
open.

   “ This contains the gem of my collec-
tion,” he said in a lower voice. “ I do
not know how familiar you are with the
history of famous precious stones, Mr.
Graham—”

  The young man shook his head mod-
estly.

   “ I know something of them—not very
much,” he confessed.

   Archibald was not looking at him. He
had taken a case from the compartment.

   “ My uncle was a famous collector,”
he said slowly. “ He had a mania for
perfect, unflawed diamonds—it amounted
to a passion with him—and he had money
to indulge his whims—which I have not.
I have in this case, sir, a gem which once
belonged to,royalty.

  “ The monarch into whose hands it
came just before my uncle’s time was in-
fatuated with a worthies woman who
made the possession of the gem the con-
ditional price of her passing favor. His
love for her was so great that, although
the prince knew that his country—his
throne—hung in the balance when he
clasped it about her throat, he scarcely
weighed the matter in his own mind, but
did as better men before him had done
and sacrificed—you know the rest, sir,
possibly better than I.

   “ I am a bachelor, as I have said, and
the sex has little attraction for me.

   “ The country—the prince’s country—
was in the first throes of a civil war just
then, and the prince himself had but
little time to waste upon gauds or wom-
en. He played his part bravely, I have
been told.
618

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE

  “ But the woman tired of the royal
lover, who had grown so neglectful, and
the stone was practically thrown upon
the market. I have heard that my uncle
—he died before your time, young man—
paid the highest price for it that was ever
paid for a gem.

  “ It was all under the rose, however—
my uncle’s sense of honor was not so very
keen, so far as diamonds were concerned
—for the stone belonged th the crown
jewels. The woman had as little real
right to sell it as the prince had had to
give it away.

  “ The prince died in battle after that,
however, and his death did what his life
could never have done—covered a multi-
tude of sins and helped his people to
make a martyr of him. His name be-
came a thing to conjure with, and his
successor kept the loss oOfhe diamond a
secret, as he had to keep many other
tilings, for his own sake as well as for
the welfare»of the state.

  “ A skilfully made counterfeit, costing
almost as much, I dare say, as the real
stone would have brought, took its place
among the crown jewels, and the loss
of the gem was known to very few: pos-
sibly the knowledge of the fact was con-
lined to a half-dozen people.”

  Graham smiled. It was an old story
he knew—told of more than one jewel of
matchless size and flawed heart. He
wondered that the old man should believe
him to be so gullible.

  At that moment the case fell open, and
the electric light flashed bakk in blinding
rays from a stone such as Graham in his
wildest dreams had never seen before.

  “ The famous Barvoff Diamond—the
Eye of Heaven.” said the old man. a
sudden note of pride leaping to his
tremulous voice. “ It is an East Indian
stone, and came into the possesion of a
private soldier of the British Empire at
the time of the’sacking of the palace of
one of the native princes.

  “ How it ever came there—how and
where the soldier gave it up—how it ever
reached, through blood and crime, the
prince’s own hands—”

  “ I never saw anything—never dreamed
of anything—like it! ” Graham was say-
ing senselessly over and over.

  The rqom had suddenly grown sultTy
and close, a perspiration had broken out

on his forehead, and he was breathing as
if he had been running — keeping for
hours a long, killing pace up-hill.

  He touched the stone reverently with
his fingers. It was egg-shaped and ab-
solutely flawless — a single well-trained
glance told him that—and the light upon
it flashed back in rivulets of flame. To
his mind, it illuminated the entire room,
and gathered to itself a radiance that
fairly blinded him. It was not until the
old man, watching it jealously, had again
snapped the cover of the case down upon
it, shutting out its light, that Graham
caught his breath with something almost
like a sob.

  “ It is perfect—magnificent! ” he said
harshly. “ Man, I had no idea that
there was anything like it 011 this con-
tinent ! ”

  Archibald replaced the case in its
compartment, shut the drawer, and
swung the combination. When he
turned again, he was once more the
shambling, near-sighted antiquarian.

  “ Very few people know anything
about the gem,” he said shortly. “ You
thought that I was lying when I told
you the diamond’s history, Mr. Graham
—I read it in your face. You know
now that I was telling you the truth.”

  “ I would believe anything that you
cared 'to tell me' now,” said young
Graham shakily. He had not quite suc-
ceeded in pulling himself together.

  “ I have a rather fine collection of
opals, too,” said the old man, hobbling
to another tiny safe set well back in the
wall. “ It is something in the nature of
an anti-climax, it is true, Mr. Graham;
but I should like to have you see them.
I have the mania for opals that my un-
cle had for diamonds,” he added dryly.
“ They are nearer within my financial
limitations, and they burn and glow and
scintillate, and seem full of fire and
warmth.

  “ Diamonds, on the contrary, are heart-
less things, to my mind. Not one of
them of any consequence but has taken
heavy and merciless toll of humanity.”

  He took a little wash-leather bag from
the safe, and poured its contents out
upon the table. There were a couple of
dozen stones like iridescent bubbles—
green and rose and violet, lemon and
pearl and deeper rose. The old man
THE SIGNET OF KALIKRATES.

619

watched Graham sift them, also, through
his fingers like common pebbles.

  “ They are matched and almost price-
less, too, in their way,” he remarked.
“ When I die, the Eye of Heaven will
go back to its place in the royal jewel-
casket. I have made my will to that
effect. And I have provided, too, that
the Harden Ruby shall revert to the last
of the name—now a lad of five.”

  Graham murmured something indis-
tinguishable under his breath.

  “I am sorry that you care nothing for
—other things,” said the old man wist-
fully. “ I could really interest you if
you did. My father was a collector of
note, sir—and his father before him. I
have some bronzes and a couple of
manuscripts—”

  But Graham only shook his head.

  “ I am sorry,” he said vaguely. “ I,
somehow, do not care to deceive you,
Mr. Archibald, after your kindness to
me, and I should only make a pretense
of interest that I could not feel. I am
the veriest ignoramus—”

  “ At any rate, I have something that

I	cannot allow you to leave without see-
ing,” said the old man suddenly, as if
yielding to an overmastering impulse.
“ You know something of Egyptian his-
tory, sir, do you not?”

  “ Very little,” confessed Graham,
flushing a trifle under the gaze of the
keen old eyes that were bent upon him.

  “ My father traveled in Egypt a dozen
years ago,” said Archibald. “ He was an
old man then, but as it happened he had
exceptional opportunities for securing en-
trance to places closed usually to the
average Egyptian student. And (I have
never known what means he used) he
came into possession of a ring—this
ring.”

  He took the ring from the same safe
which held the opals, as he spoke, and
laid it in Graham’s hand. It was a cum-
brous, heavy band of dark and beaten
gold, set with a greenish flat stone cut
in the form of the sacred beetle.

   “It is the signet-ring of Kalikrates,”
said the old man reverently. “ Kali-
krates himself was a younger son of one
of the Ptolemys, who came to the throne,
reigned only a few months, and then be-
came the victim of a great plague that
swept the banks of the Nile.

  “ There is more than one old legend
extant with regard to him. The Egyp-
tians of his time called him by a name
which in our own language would mean,

‘ The detector of deceit.’ I value the
ring very highly, sir. Aside from its
simple intrinsic value—”

  Graham was trying to appear inter-
ested. He had overstayed his time in
the old house, however, and he was hunt-
ing about in his own mind for a decent
excuse to escape.

   “ I assure you that I am very grateful
to you for your kindness, sir,” he said.
“ I had no idea—”

  “ Slip the ring on your own finger,”
urged the old man. “ There has been an
age-old discussion waged as to the prob-
able deterioration of the race since the
time of Thothmes. Now, during the
reign of Kalikrates—”

  Graham reddened. The ring was
heavy, clumsy, and smaller than he had
thought. He had slipped it on his finger
easily enough, but he found it much more
difficult to remove it. The sprawling
beetle seemed suddenly hideously alive
and grotesque. The room was growing
almost intolerably close and warm to him
again.

  “ Easy, sir—easy—you will bruise the
flesh,” said the old man eagerly. He
was touching Graham’s hand himself
now with cool, dry fingers like the fiut-
terings of a dead leaf. “ There, I will
press this side. It comes off more easily
that way. You see—”

  Graham chafed his aching finger, a
little ashamed of his momentary irrita-
tion.

  “ I have stayed longer than I intend-
ed,” he stammered as the old man put the
signet-ring back in the safe. “ I must
beg your pardon, Mr. Archibald, for hav-
ing trespassed so unpardonably upon your
time.”

   “ Your visit has been a source of great
pleasure to me, sir,” said the old man
politely. “ I am only sorry that your
stay in town is to be such a brief one.
and that my own circumstances are such
that I cannot tender you the hospitalities
of my own home.”

  Graham shook hands cordially with
him, and then stumbled clumsily out of
the dark, old-fashioned house into the
well-lighted street. He was trying his
620

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

best to hold a tight grip on his straying
wits. Who would ever have dreamed—

II.

  At ten o’clock that same night he was
sitting across the table from “ Jim ” Fin-
ney, with a bottle of liquor and two
glasses between them.

  “No, I don’t drink—I never touch
liquor when there is work 011 hand,” he
said impatiently. “ What is the lay,
Jim?”

  Finney, with his effeminate voice, slen-
der figure, and soft curls, drained his
second glass before he answered the ques-
tion.

  “ Did you ever hear of an old guy
named Archibald?” he asked.

  Graham nodded.

  “ I was out at his place to-night,” he
said. “ It’s noj going to be such an easy
thing, Finney; the old chap’s too confi-
dent by half. He’s got a dozen fortunes
in that safe of his, and lie’s 110 fool.”

  “ He’s trusting to the stones them-
selves,” said Finney shrewdly. “ I’ve
seen an inventory of the old chap’s valu-
ables, and it reads like a Fifth Avenue
advertisement. There’s a half - dozen
stones there that a clever man wouldn’t
touch with a ten-foot pole.”

 “Why?”

  “ Well, you may take the Harden
Ruby, for example. Say, we got hold of
that to-night. Barring the private col-
lectors—and the most of them, I believe,
are a fairly decent lot—there’s nobody
wants it. The police of practically every
country on the globe have had a squint
at it. They’d spot it in less than twenty-
four hours. Cut it up? We could have
that done, of course; but, you see, the
trouble is—”

  “ I see,” said Graham musingly; but
he was not thinking of the ruby at all
—it was the diamond that he wanted.
Alesia had lost it through trickery and
deceit—its reigning monarch would be
only too glad to get it back without ask-
ing any awkward questions.

  “ I’d rather have half a dozen stones of
a decent size—well matched, flawless, and
of a good color—than a peck measure
filled with Harden rubies,” said Finney.
“Of course, there is always an especial
market for things like that—somewhere.

  “ For instance, there’s that diamond
that the old chap’s so close-mouthed
about. If a fellow could ever get to
Alesia—but what earthly chance would
he have of getting there, do you sup-
pose—with a whole skin ? ”

  “ I fail utterly to see just what you
are driving at, then,” said Graham short-
ly. “ We’ve little enough time, as I’ve
already told you. Before noon to-mpr-
row, the fellow whose name and letters

I	stole will wake up from that nasty
crack on the skull that I gave him. He’s
clever enough to put two and two to-
gether when he does. So we've only got
to-night.”

   “ There’s a lot of opals that are worth
something and could be handled,” said
Jim placidly, ignoring the other’s heat.

“ Martha—her sister is the old man’s
housekeeper—says that there are several
decent diamonds and a couple of pearls
which she knows where we could dispose
of without awkwardness. She’s a clever
woman, Martha is. And, then, there is
the ring, of course.”

  “Ring?”

  “ The ring—yes. The ring with the
green stone set—cut in the form of a bug.
They say that the old man is fairly daffy
about that. You saw it—did you not?”
Fie added the last words a trifle impa-
tiently. .

  Graham caressed his finger which was
still slightly swollen from the signet’s
pressure.'

   “ Oh, yes, I saw it,” he said moodily.

  “Well, there’s a fellow named Ham-
mond—or Smith, or Jones; one name is
just about as much his as the others—
who wants that ring. And he is willing
to pay us a pretty good sum for the job
of getting it for him.”

  “ The ring! ” Graham repeated the
word stupidly. “ What on earth—”

  “ Plain bug-house, I guess.” said Jim
cheerfully. “ All these trash-collectors
are—more or less. And as unscrupulous
as the devil, too—most of them are.

  “ Maybe old Archibald has been too
chesty—been giving himself airs or some-
thing of the kind. It’s none of your
business, is it? You don’t want the
ring? ”

  “ Not on your life! ” said Graham
promptly and fervently.

“ Well, don’t butt in, then. There’s
THE SIGNET OF KALIKRATES.

621

a couple of husky chaps on the place
whom I guess that Archibald is trusting
to guard his treasure; but one of them
lias been bought, and the other will be
drugged. There are a dozen different
burglar-alarms, too; but Martha has been
studying them for over a month, and
they will be out of commission.

  “ The old guy don’t stand well with
the police, it seems. He’s a stubborn old
fool, and hasn’t listened to advice, or he
would have put the collection in a safer
place long ago. What about the safe, by
the way, Graham ? ”

  “ I’ve never seen the safe yet that I
couldn’t get into,” said Graham gloomily.
“ Some more—some less—trouble, thgt is
all. The thing looks too easy, Finney.
That is what makes me so afraid of it.
It’s not natural to have everything com-
ing our way, even to my very name being
identical with the poor chap that I
knocked out. I—don’t like it.”

  “ Oh, you're superstitious—you’ve seen
the moon over the wrong shoulder,”
laughed Finney, who was the bolder spirit
of the two. He leaned forward, and the
two began whispering earnestly together.

III.

  The ticket-agent was very tired and
very cross. He was needing his vacation
badly, he told himself, as he drew a hand
across his burning eyes, and lie was very
glad that his substitute was on the way
to relieve him. There was a certain
alder-fringed lake, and an ice-cold brook
that emptied into it, and which he felt
quite sure was swarming with hungry
mountain trout. If Helen would rather—
“ Two tickets to Pennisquad. sir, if
you please.”

  The ticket-agent pushed the two tickets
and the change across to the man with
scarcely a glance. He was middle-aged
—the agent noticed that—and he had
iron-gray hair, and a rather shrewd, kind-
ly face.

  A woman clung rather heavily to his
arm. She was young, dressed in mourn-
ing, and her back-thrown veil showed her
face to be charming, and also revealed
the fact that it was at the present time
tired and white. Her hair was black, and
it curled in little rings about her temples.
“ Gently, Lydia,” the agent heard the

  man say. He fairly lifted her as he led
her to a seat. “ I knew that we were too
early—you will remember that I told you
so—too early by a good half-hour. Try
to compose yourself, my dear.”

  He sat down on the bench' beside her.
As he did so a man on the other side
remarked that the trains were all late,
caused likely by a cloudburst up the
river.

  “Not our train, thank Heaven!" re-
marked the ticket-buyer affably. “ My
sister has just learned that her daughter
at Pennisquad is very ill. The news has
all but prostrated her. It would be very
unfortunate indeed for her if we were
forced to experience any unnecessary
delay.”

  The other murmured sympathetically.

  “ I wonder if the police will be able
to get a line on the men responsible for
the robbery last night,” he remarked, evi-
dently with the laudable intention of
changing the subject. “ I noticed a
couple of officers outside—”

  “ Robbery?”

  The man produced a morning paper.
“ I live only a couple of blocks away
from the house that was robbed,” lie'said.

  “ And I know old Mr. Archibald by
sight. I never spoke to him. They say
that he is very badly cut up over the
affair. Here, read it for yourself.”

  The man bound for Pennisquad looked
at his feminine companion apprehensive-
ly, then hurriedly scanned the page which
the other man had pointed out.

DARING ROBBERY.

Cracksmen Get Valuable Loot. Police in Close
Pursuit. Sensational Development! Hourly
Expected. Victim Bound, Gagged, and
Left for Dead.

    Tlic home of John Archibald was en-
  tered by thieves some time last night,
  the safe broken open or blown up, and
  booty, the value of which is unknown,
  was stolen, the thieves escaping by a
  rear entrance even while the police,
  summoned by neighbors who had heard
  the explosion, were hammering at the
  front door.

    Mr. Archibald was found bound and
  gagged—in a condition of insensibility,
  while the man who usually attends him
  was evidently in a state of stupor, and
  is still unable to give any coherent
  account of the affair.
622

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

    Mr. Archibald’s age and the slate of
  his health for the past few months
  renders his condition, since the brutal
  assault, extremely serious; and, so far,
  his physicians have refused to allow
  him to see any one or to make any state-
  ment for publication. Until he can do
  so the actual amount of his loss cannot
  he accurately determined.

    The thieves made a clean sweep of
  everything, and it is understood that
  the Archibald collection of gems and
  coins have gone with the rest. The po-
  lice claim to have established the iden-
  tity of the thieves, and it is believed that
  the lines arc being so rigidly drawn th.it
  escape from the city will be made im-
  possible and that they will be behind the
  bars before nightfall.

    In addition to the regular men who
  are engaged on the case, private detec-
  tives have been summoned from Pitts-
  burgh. They are expected to arrive to-
  day.

 The man to whom the newspaper be-
longed received it back placidly.

  “ I’ve got more faith in the detectives
than I have in the police,” he said con-
fidingly.

 The other man turned sharply. “ My
sister has fainted,” he said shortly. “ Call
a doctor, will you? She’s had heart-
trouble. I’m afraid—”

  He caught the woman as she fell over
against him. As he did so a tide of pas-
sengers from an incoming train swept
through the room. The man, holding
the woman stiffly, helplessly in his arms,
felt at that instant a light touch upon his
shoulder.

  “ It’s no use, Graham, the game is up,”
said a calm, judicial voice. “ You’d bet-
ter come with us quietly now, and not
kick up any disturbance.”

 The man, without relaxing his hold
upon the unconscious woman, looked up
bewilderedly.

  “ My name is Simmons,” lie said blun-
deringly. “ Harvey Simmons, from Pen-
nisquad. My sister has fainted. She has
had bad news, and I am taking—”

 “ That’ll do you, new—for you, Gra-
ham,” said the same voice. There was
a faint trace of irritation as well as of
amusement in it now. “ Finney’s tried
that dodge before. Come, my friend.”
The man’s bewilderment was evidently
fast changing to annoyance. He looked
anxiously about him, but save for one or

two more or less interested spectators who
had noticed the little controversy, and
heard the detective's words, no one was
apparently paying any attention to them,
nor did the man whom he had sent to
summon the doctor return.

  “ My sister has fainted, you confound-
ed fool! ” he said again. “ Call a doc-
tor, will you ? ”

  He leaned forward a little and drew
the heavy mourning-veil across the white
face that rested upon his knee. As he
did so a man, shouldering his way past
the detective, appeared upon the scene.
“ I am a physician,” he said curtly.
“ What is—”

  The sight of the slender, motionless
figure brought a cry to his lips. He
threw the men aside and dropped on one
knee by the side of the unconscious
woman. “ Of all the fool—” he mut-
tered, and then checked himself sharply.
“ What in the world are you doing
with this woman—here ? ” lie demanded
harshly.

  “ I know you, doc,” said the detective
doubtfully. “ The fact is, we mistook
this party for a man named Finney,
who’s pulled off more than one neat job
and got away afterward, disguised as a
woman. But, if you say that it’s all
rights”	_ -

  “ Irs not all right. \ou've made us
miss our train, when it was a matter of
life and death,” said the man from Pen-
nisquad belligerently. “ You can think
that over at your leisure—you dog! ”

  An outbound train sucked the station
dry of the flood of humanity that had
overflowed it.

  “ Here, you,” said the doctor sharply,
“ get a carriage ! ”

   The detective slunk back a little as the
man fronj Pennisquad, with an anguished
glance at the still unconscious woman,
hurried out of the station.

  “ The two answered to the description
all right,” said the officer who was with
the detective and who still stood his
ground. “ You see it’s an old dodge
of Finney’s. And he’s bound to be in
town yet, we know—lie hasn’t had a
chance to get away.”

  The woman saved the doctor the neces-
sity of voicing the profane sarcasm that
was trembling on his tongue. She moaned
slightly.
THE SIGNET OF KALIK’RATES.

623

  “ I cannot go back home,” she saicl
peevishly. “ Lottie is desperately ill at
Pennisquad, doctor. Please give me a
stimulant of some kind—1 must go to
her! ”

  Somebody brought water and a spoon
—the officious station-agent lifted the
woman’s head while the doctor gave her
a close of medicine.

  “ You’d as well let her go—where’s
the fellow that she was with ? ” said the
station-agent with a glance at the de-
tective that fairly shriveled him.

  The doctor nodded. “ It’s a choice of
evils, I guess,” he said ungraciously. “ I
won’t answer for the consequences if she
goes; but I wouldn’t if she stayed, for
that matter. You’d better let her take
it as easy as she can,” he added to the
man who had reentered the station.

  “ I couldn’t find a carriage, and our
train hasn’t gone yet, after all,” said the
man anxiously. “ She’ll fret herself to
death, if she stays. If you’ll help us on
the train, doctor, I’ll take my chances
with her—rather than stay here.”

  The doctor looked doubtful, but
steadying the patient on one side while
the brother supported her on the other,
the three walked slowly toward the train.
An officer, evidently watching all out-
going passengers, made a step forward;
but the chagrined detective, still linger-
ing, said something to him in a low voice
and he dropped back a little.

  “ I wish that you’d go with us, doc-
tor—I’d make it worth your while,” said
the woman’s brother nervously when they
had made the woman as comfortable as
possible in the rear car.

  The doctor hesitated, his hand on the
woman’s pulse. The conductor, loiter-
ing through the car, looked at the little
group keenly. Farther toward the front
of the car, an elderly man with a good-
humored face and a badge securely hid-
den by his tightly-buttoned coat, watched
the conductor.

  “ I don’t know,” said the doctor
feebly. “ I’ve an appointment for ten
o’clock. And what on earth my wife will
think has become of me—”

  He snapped the lid of his watch shut
and beckoned to the conductor.

  “If I run on down to Pennisquad
with these people, when can I get back
to town?” he asked.

  “ Twelve-fifteen, sir—it’s only a mat-
ter of twenty miles to Pennisquad,” said
the conductor. “ You can stay there half
an hour and then take the fast express
back.”

   “ I’d better do it then,” said the doc-
tor resignedly. “ Where does Lottie live
—in town ? ”

  “ She lives half a mile from Pennis-
quad. Her husband is a market-
gardener. If I had known—”

  “ You can take a carriage at the sta-
tion,” said the conductor, eying the
woman’s garrulous brother much as the
detective had done.

  The conductor sauntered on through
the car, turned, retraced his steps, and
in obedience to a slight gesture dropped
into the seat beside the good-natured
man, who was so anxious to spare
people’s feelings that he kept his badge
of office hidden, just as the train pulled
out of the station.

  “Well, who are they?” the man
asked.

  “ The tall one is Dr. Lucas, from the
sanatorium here in town. He’s a pretty
decent sort of chap. I don’t know the
woman, but the doctor evidently does, or
he would never have left town with her.
She looks awful sick. The man—”

  “ What has the man got to do with
Them? ”

  “ I don’t know—I never saw him be-
fore. He appears to be a connection of
the sick woman in some way—maybe
he’s her brother. I don’t know him.”
“ He’s the one that I want to look out
for. then,” said the good-natured man
slowly, and with quite another look on
his face. “ Get him up this way on
some pretext—will you?”

  The conductor nodded, but his inter-
vention was not necessary. The sight of
his sister’s pale face evidently made the
man from Pennisquad nervous. He left
her in the doctor’s care and drifted
miserably toward the other end of the
car. The conductor went on into the
smoking-compartment.

  The man from Pennisquad singled
out the middle-aged gentleman with the
sympathetic face who was sitting alone,
and in obedience to another slight
gesture he dropped into the seat beside
him as the conductor had done a moment
before.
624

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

  “ This is rotten luck that I’m hav-
ing,” he said forlornly. “ Any other
time, Lydia’s husband would have been
in town. Now—”

  “What is the matter?” asked the
ether encouragingly. He was an old
man from Bradford’s Agency, and he
knew Graham well. He was ' telling
himself positively now that the man be-
side him was not Graham—nor any one
whom he had ever seen before.

  “Well, you see, my sister-back there,
is an invalid. Lucas has been treating
her for over a year now. Decent chap,
that. I could tell you things— And very
moderate in his charges, too, so my
brother-in-law says. I only came up
from Pennisquad myself this morning.

  “ Found Horace gone, and, five min-
utes after his train pulled out, here
comes a telegram from Pennisquad, say-
ing that Lottie, my niece, is not expected
to live. And I know from Lucas's looks
that he’s doubtful whether Lydia makes
it or not, if Lottie—”

  His voice broke a little and he looked
gloomily out of the car-window.

  The detective muttered some platitude
half under his breath, but his mind was
elsewhere. He knew that the town had
been thrashed relentlessly — that every
outgoing train had been closely watched.
He knew, moreover, that the law had
two of the cleverest rogues on the face
of the earth to deal with, and that the
two were playing for the highest pos-
sible stakes.

  There was nothing for him to do now
but to drop off at Pennisquad and take
the first train back to town, lie told him-
self dismally. It was possible, of
course, that the two thieves, arrange-
ments having been made beforehand,
had dropped into a boat while the police
were still hammering at the door of the
house on Larch Street, and had drifted,
unnoticed, down the river.

  He worried over the aspect of the
affair for some time, discouraging con-
versation once he felt sure that the man
beside him was not the one whom he
sought, proffering the morning paper at
last in order to have his thoughts to him-
self.

  The fact of the business was, that all
of the particulars of the robbery had not

been given out to the public.

  Stirred by his loss, and stung by the
fact that a man whom he had himself
allowed entrance to his home had taken
advantage of his hospitality to rob him,
John Archibald had rallied all the
strength of his keen intellect in order to
retrieve his blunder. He had been able
to recall every smallest detail of Gra-
ham’s visit to the house—even to the dif-
ficulty with which the young man had
met when he attempted to remove the
signet-ring from his finger.

  He told the police, emphatically, that
when they succeeded in finding the man
who had robbed him, they would find
the third finger on that man’s left hand
still bruised and swollen from the pres-
sure of the sacred beetle carved upon the
signet of Kalikrates.

  The man from Bradford’s Agency,
Greer, looked across at the left hand of
his companion — the hand which was
nearest him and which held the unfold-
ed newspaper—for the second time. It,
did not disappoint him, that the third
finger of that hand bore neither bruise
nor discoloration.

  He had already felt quite as assured
that the man could not be Finney, whom
he had never seen, any more than Gra-
ham, whom he remembered to have once
arrested on some trivial charge—years
before. It did not need the corrobora-
tive evidence of the unmarred finger to
convince him that he was following the
wrong trail.

  He tired of inaction after a little,
and, remembering suddenly that there
was a telegraph station ten miles between
the town he had just left and Pennis-
quad, he quitted his seat with the inten-
tion of either coaxing or browbeating the
conductor into letting him off there. He
climbed awkwardly across the knees of
his companion, who was now apparently
immersed in his paper, and walked down
the aisle, not in the direction of the rear
end of the car, but toward the smoking-
compartment, into which he had just
seen the conductor disappear.

  As he laid his hand upon the rear of
of the last seat to steady himself—they
were going at a fair rate of speed, the
roadway was rough, and the car was
rocking like a ship in a gale—he saw a
face in the wide mirror liefore him ; a
face alert, keen, not unkindly, and a
THE SIGNET OF KALIKRATES.

625

hand raised to unsnap the catch of an
eye-glass.

  Recognition — comprehension—action
—came in a flash.

  The detective wheeled, his revolver
barked a staccato challenge, and the
“ doctor’s ” shattered wrist dropped the
pistol which had appeared only the frac-
tion of a second later than the detective’s
own. His own shot followed closely, but
the bullet sped past harmlessly.

  In an instant the whole car was in an
uproar. The man from Pennisquad
sprang up with a snarl, and he and the
detective swayed up and down the aisle.

  The man with the shattered wrist
snatched at the bell-cord, and a shrill
whistle from the engine answered the
signal to lessen speed. The invalid, with
surprising agility, sprang forward, but
the wrestling trio—the wounded man
had joined the others by this time—fight-
ing down the narrow aisle hemmed her
helplessly in. Twice the detective’s re-
volver spoke, but both shots went wild.
He dropped the pistol then, or it was
wrenched from his grasp and, still fight-

ing like a bulldog, he went down with
the other two uppermost.

  By this time the train had jangled
and jarred roughly to a halt—a dead
stop—and the conductor and a couple of
other men, stumbling through the debris
of shattered glass, entered through the
car door. “Hands up, men!” said a
sharp voice. “ Now ! ”

  The woman—Finney in disguise—
gave one despairing look at the rear
door of the car and then surrendered.

  “ You’re a dead ringer of Lucas,
Graham,” he said cheerfully. “ How
in the world did you manage it?”

  But Graham, nursing his shattered
wrist, had turned sulky, too, and would
not answer.

  One by one the prisoners were safely
ironed. As he slipped the cuff over
Graham’s uninjured hand, the detective
glanced at the swollen, discolored finger
and grinned.

  Across the gulf of buried and for-
gotten centuries, the dead Kalikrates had
vanquished error and deceit and brought
triumph to the truth.

WOODLAND VESPERS.

 By Clarence Uimy.

 7V I' eve I climb a vine-clad hill,

 ** And, looking toward the west,

I gaze upon a distant slope

 With groves of redwood dressed;

 It lies across a dark ravine
 With cottage lights aglow,

 Where faint farm sounds steal up the glen
   And down the valley blow.

I,have not very long to wait,

 When far in Twilightland
 An angel sets the evening star
 With gently trembling hand;

 I hear the wind die down the vale,

 The herd-bells cease their tune,

 And incense unperceived by day
   Along the air is strewn.

 I watch the star—it slowly falls
   Like pentecostal fire,

 Down, down until it tips with gold
 The tallest redwood spire;

 ’Tis time to pray an evening prayer
 And hum an evening hymn,

 Then soon with sleep go, starry led,
   Down dream-paths cool and dim.

4 S
 IN THE TARANTULA'S SKEIN.*

By J. Aubrey Tyson.

From the lives of three or four men hours are taken bodily, while
a mysterious enemy of humanity works its will.

SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS.

GEORGE RIPLEY, secret-service agent, is detailed to ferret out the circumstances
of the intermittent extinguishing of the White Shoal Light on the coast of Massa-
chusetts. Going out to the light with Torrens, the old keeper, who is under sus-
picion, he meets, in a boat, Baintree and Wilson, who also have been inspecting the trouble.
A huge wave comes and swamps the boat of the latter two, and they are drowned.

   At the lighthouse is found the body of Cowden, Torrens’s quondam assistant, with a
revolver in its hand. There is no explanation whatsoever of the trouble. Suddenly the
fog-bell, which is supposed to ring during all foggy weather, is silenced. Ripley, who is
in one of the lower rooms of the lighthouse, rushes to find Torrens, whose duty is caring
for the bell. Torrens is nowhere to be found.

CHAPTER V.

THE SPELL OF SUSPICION.

rOR several seconds my scattered
wits left me no defense against
the assaults of rapidly multiply-
ing fears.

  For the first time in my life I ex-
perienced—more strongly than I ever
had imagined them to be—the terrible
sensations that overwhelm a shrinking,
trembling coward.

  And yet I may say in perfect truth
that I was not a prey to superstitious
fancies, nor did I stand in fear of phys-
ical violence.

  The sudden, awful fate that first had
overtaken Baintree and Wilson and then
had compassed the death of Cowden had,
in a measure, prepared me for this mys-
terious disappearance of the old keeper.
One horrible, awe-inspiring incident had
succeeded another so quickly that most
of my sensibilities were as benumbed as
those of a soldier who, with his com-
rades falling to right and left of him,
thinks only of the accomplishment of the
grim task at which his superiors have
set him.

  The fears that overcame me were those
that had their origin in what appeared

to be my utter isolation and helplessness
in an hour when I was confronted by the
most responsible task to which I ever
had been assigned. If Torrens also had
succumbed to the mysterious fate that
had sent Baintree, Wilson, and Cowden
to their deaths, what was to be meted out
to me?

  It was not death that I feared, but
disgrace. Ignorant of the nature of the
mechanism of the lamp and bell, how
was I to keep them working through the
night? Several days might pass before
I would be able to get into communica-
tion with the shore, and during those
days and nights the loss of ships and
human lives might be the price of my
inability to keep bell and beacon work-
ing on this billow-battered shoal.

  While, incapable of motion, I was
standing thus, my gaze turned seaward.
With a thrill of satisfaction, I perceived
that, though the sky was heavily over-
cast, the fog was lifting so rapidly that
I was able to see distinctly a big four-
masted schooner that was passing the
lighthouse, about two miles distant.

  Under these circumstances, was it not
possible that Torrens himself had si-
lenced the bell?

  Stepping quickly to one side of the

♦	Began July All-Story Magazine. Single copies 10 cents.

626
IN THE TARANTULA’S SKEIN.

627

  lantern, I looked down on the platform
  that girdled the tower at the level of the
  watch-room.

    Immediately below me was the bell,
  and a couple of paces to the left of this
  I saw the figure of a bareheaded man,
  kneeling, with his right shoulder resting
  against the rail.

    It was Torrens!

    With mingled feelings of joy and fear,
  satisfaction and horror, I watched the
  figure with fascinated eyes. At first it
  seemed to be inert, then I saw the bowed
  head move slightly upward. A few mo-
  ments later the old keeper put 011 his
  cap, and rose. He had been praying.

    With a low cry of relief, I turned
  again to the stairs. As I reached the
  watch-room the door leading to the plat-
  form was opened, and Torrens entered.

    “ You were callin’, sir? ” he asked.

    “ The bell has stopped,” said I.

    “ Aye, the fog has lifted,” Torrens
  answered, as his gaze wandered to where
  the body of Cowden lay.. Then, with
  a sudden affectation of cheerfulness, he
  added: “ Well, sir, I suppose you’ll be
  wantin’ a bite of somethin’ now.”

   “ Not yet,” I answered promptly.
 “ Before the light gets dimmer I want
 you to explain to me the working of the
 lamp and bell.”

    The keeper, stroking the gray fringe
  around his face, looked at me ab-
  stractedly.

    “ There are only two of'us here now,”
  I went on, “ and in view of the fact that
  disaster has overwhelmed the three men
  who had the watch last night, it is just
  as well, perhaps, that each of us should
  be prepared to relieve the other.”
  Torrens nodded approvingly.

“ Aye, sir, you are right," he said. “ I
ought to have thought of that before.”
Pausing for a few moments, he let his
gaze rest on the little engine, then he
continued:

    “ There ain’t anything below here, ex-
  ■ cept the oil-room, that has anything to
  do with the light or bell. Every mornin’
  we pump up enough oil from the oil-
  room to fill the tank of die lamp. Clock-
  work machinery feeds the four circular
  burners all night, and after the burners
  are lit and the clockwork set' goin’ there
  ain’t much for the watcher in the watch-
  room to do but to stay awake and keep

his eye peeled for the cornin’ of fog or
snow.

  “ Sometimes the smoke of forest fires
gets out here to sea, and when it settles
heavy we’ve got to keep the bell
a goin’. If the light above goes wrong,
you couldn’t fail to know it, settin’ here,
for the lamp we burn in the watch-room
ain’t none too bright, and the glow of
the big one comes to you down the stairs
and through the windows.”

  Then bidding me follow him, he led
the way up to the lantern, where, raising
the big cone of prisms, he showed me the
four circular wicks and explained to me
how they were trimmed and fed. The
mechanism of the clockwork pump and
the feed pipes I found to be extraor-
dinarily simple, and in my presence Tor-
rens lighted the big lamp for the night
and lowered the cone.

  Returning to the watch-room, the
keeper explained the mechanism of the
engine and the manner in which it rang
the bell. This done he took from a little
shelf a volume containing rules for the
conduct of lighthouses, together with
illustrated directions for the use of their
equipments.

  As the keeper replaced the volume, he
nodded toward a second book which lay
011 the same shelf.

  “ The other is the 1 International Sig-
nal Code,’ ” he said carelessly. “ I
reckon you won’t have no use for that.”

  “ Why is it here?” I asked.

  “ Most lighthouses has ’em," the
keeper replied. “ When a lighthouse is
on shore, passin’ ships—’specially sailin’
vessels on long voyages—ask the keeper
to report them. This is easy enough to
do, when there’s a newspaper near you
that gets Associated Press service, but
most newspapers know the White Shoal
is too far out to be in communication
with the land more than two or three
times a month at most, so they don’t
waste time or money burnin’ signal
lights for us.”

  The keeper now suggested that we go
below in order that he might make prepa-
rations for dinner. I assented, and
Torrens led the way down-stairs.

  Without pausing in the living-room,
we made our way to the sleeping-room.
Here the old keeper observed something
that caused him to halt abruptly.
628

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

   Following the direction of his glance,

I saw a wooden soap-box standing on end
near the head of one of the cots. On the
box were a glass, a bottle, and a little
heap of white muslin.

   “ What’s these things doin’ here? ” the
keeper muttered wonderingly. “ Jack
wasn’t the sort of fellow to let things
lay around like this.”

  Though the coverings of the cot were
in their proper order, the pillow still re-
tained the impression of the head that
had lain on it last and the gray blanket
was somewhat wrinkled.

  “Hadn’t we better have a light?” I
asked, for it ‘was after sundown now, and
the dark clouds were shortening the pe-
riod of twilight.

  “ Aye,” said Torrens quietly, and a
few moments later he had lighted a lamp
in a bracket on the wall.

  Picking up the bottle, I raised it to
my nose.

  “ Whisky—and empty,” I muttered
as I put the bottle down. “ Was Cow-
den a drinking man ? ”

  “ Once in a while he’d take his nip,
sir, but not often,” replied the keeper.
“Jack wasn’t what you’d call a drinkin’
man."

  Unfolding the muslin gingerly, I
found within it a mass of flaxseed.

  It was plain that the muslin and the
flaxseed had served as a poultice, and
I asked Torrens whether, while he had
been in charge of the lighthouse, he had
kept a supply of flaxseed on hand. He
replied that he had done so, and this
probably had been taken from a medi-
cine-box on the top shelf of one of the
cupboards.

  While Torrens was making this ex-
planation, something under the cot
caught his eye and, stooping, he drew
out a coal-scuttle in which rested a stove-
poker.

  The keeper looked at the scuttle with
puzzled eyes.

  “ Is that the place in which it is
usually kept ? ” I asked.

   Torrens shook his head negatively.

   “ It ain’t time for flres yet,” he mut-
tered, “ and besides that, the only two
stoves we’ve got belong to the kitchen
and the livin’-room. The livin’-room
stove was taken down in the spring, and
ain’t been put up yet. so there ain’t no

use for a scuttle above the kitchen. Any-
how, we never kept no scuttles here. I’d
better take it down, I reckon.”

  “ No,” said I. “ We’ll leave it for
the present where you found it. But,
before you put it back again, let us see
if there is anything else under the cots.”

  Nothing else was found, however, and
after returning the scuttle to the place
from which Torrens had drawn it, we
threw the poultice out of the window and
carried the box and bottle to the kitchen
on the floor below. Torrens had been
about to hurl the bottle after the poultice,
but I restrained him.

   I was resolved that while I was in the
lighthouse I would permit to go unchal-
lenged no incident, however trivial.

  That the bottle had contained whisky
was obvious, but the odor of whisky is
sufficiently strong to disguise the odors
of other liquids which have even more
deleterious effects on the human system
than the distillation of rye. I carefully
corked the bottle, therefore, and put it
into one of the cupboards.

  While Torrens busied himself with
preparations for dinner, I remained with
him in the kitchen, and, as the atmos-
phere of the place became charged with
the odors of frying ham and boiling po-
tatoes, we talked of the manner in which
the lighthouse was constructed, the for-
mation of the shoal, the course followed
by vessels as they passed on their way
up and down the coast, and of the method
of receiving supplies of oil, coal, water,
and provisions.

  While in the kitchen both of us
avoided all references to the mysterious
extinguishment of the light or the prob-
able causes of the strange and abrupt
departure of Baintree and Wilson and
the death of Cowden.

  By the time the meal was finished, I
had made a careful study of the old
keeper and had obtained much detailed
information concerning the responsibili-
ties, daily routine and diversions of the
custodian of a lighthouse.

  I also learned that twice each month
a lighthouse-tender—a steam-vessel of
about fifteen hundred tons—visited the
shoal and left supplies of oil. water, and
coal. On these occasions the building
usually was inspected by a representative
of the Lighthouse Board.
IN THE TARANTULA’S SKEIN.

629

  The keeper was required to find his
own provisions, and these were brought
from Charlesport, sometimes in one of
the lighthouse boats, but more frequently
in an auxiliary sloop belonging to Cap-
tain Samuel Yarnall, a Charlesport fish-
erman, whose first wife was a sister of
Torrens.

  Landings on the shoal usually were
made at low wafer, at which time a strip
of sand that was free from rocks was ex-
posed on the land side of the shoal. This
strip sloped so abruptly, however, that
at low tide there was a depth of seven
fathoms of water at a point only a hun-
dred yards from low-water mark.

  The bell was on the east side of the
tower, and the oil-room door, by which
the building was entered, was on the
north, or landward side.

  The keeper also told me that under the
oil-room was an unlighted compartment
containing a fresh water tank, and a bin
sufficiently large to hold six tons of coal.

  When our meal was finished, Torrens
addressed himself to the task of washing
the dishes, while I, leaving the keeper
alone in the kitchen, visited each of the
apartments above.

  A careful examination of these con-
vinced me that, unless an inspection of
the coal and water compartment should
afford me ground for suspicion, there
was no place in the building in which an
intruder could find concealment.

  Thus far it was possible to find only
two theories for the extinguishment of
the light, namely—the existence of some
defect in the mechanism by which the
lamp was operated, or a conspiracy to
which a custodian of the tower was a
party. To both of these theories there
were obvious objections.

  While defective mechanism might re-
sult in the extinguishment of the light,
it was altogether improbable that it
could light it again.

  In view of thp fact that the entire
crew of the lighthouse had been changed
twice, and that neither of these changes
had been effective in preventing the ex-
tinguishment in heavy weather, it seemed
unreasonable to assume that apparently
trustworthy men, coming from other sec-
tions of the country, could, within such
a brief period, be prevailed upon to enter
into such a dangerous conspiracy.

  A third theory—somewhat vague and
absurd, indeed—had suggested itself to
my mind. I asked myself whether or
not it was possible that, owing to some
strange meteorological condition, due to
conflicting Currents.or the action of waves
011 the shoal, some sort of mist, not vis-
ible elsewhere, might envelop the tower
and shut in its light.

  In justice to myself, however, I will
say that the idea seemed so wildly im-
probable that I promptly dismissed it
from my thoughts.

  It will be remarked that since my
arrival at the shoal the subject of the
extinguishment of the light had been
uppermost in my mind, despite the horror
that had been impressed upon it by the
deaths of the three men who had ten-
anted the tower on the preceding night.

  Though I well knew that an investiga-
tion into the causes of these tragedies
would constitute a part of the task to
which I had been assigned, I decided that
this must remain, for the time being at
least, subordinate to the purpose of my
visit to the shoal.

  I was now in charge of the lighthouse
on the White Shoal, and had been
ordered to keep the light burning every
minute of the night. From sunset until
sunrise this must be my task.

  By daylight only would I flbd it pos-
sible to devote myself to inquiries con-
cerning the failure of others to do the
things that I now was required to do.

  I did not doubt that the cause of the
light’s disappearance was in some degree
responsible for the sudden flight of Bain-
tree and Wilson.

  It was possible that Cowden, who had
committed suicide without having learned
of the disaster that had overtaken them,
might have had something to fear as the
result of their safe arrival on shore.

  Had he driven them out, or had they
stolen away to report that they had dis-
covered that he was a party to a con-
spiracy to darken the lighthouse while
storms were raging?

  Had he taken his life because he knew
that his faithlessness was known?

  Thus far Torrens had impressed me
favorably. But Torrens and Cowden
long had been in a position of intimate
relationship. The old keeper had told
me much, but had he told me all ?
630

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

  And so I resolved that, while I was
in charge of the White Shoal light, I
would trust no man.

   I must not sleep!

CHAPTER VI.

ACCORDING TO THE COPE.

  Torrens was still below, when, glan-
cing at my watch, 1 saw it was seven
o’clock.

  Stepping to the window of the living-
room, I looked out over the sea.

  Sky and waters were dark, but far—
far in the distance I saw the faintly
glowing beams which the apparently in-
significant cone in the lantern above me
was projecting to the unseen horizon.

  For the last ten minutes the clapping
and bellowing of the waves on the shoal
had been growing louder—so loud, in-
deed, that, despite all my efforts to ac-
custom myself to the situation, I began
to find it impossible to free my mind
from a rapidly increasing sense of alarm.

  At times the very shoal itself seemed
to shudder while attempting to rally
from the shocks caused by the terrific
impact of hundreds of tons of water
which hissed and crashed and rumbled
the curses and threats of the angry sea.

  Though the casement was closed, I
distinctly heard the fierce rush of the
blast that was heralding the approach of
a storm. Had I been 011 the deck of a
vessel. I doubtless would have felt no
fear while viewing the threatening aspect
of the night; for a vessel is a thing of
life and motion, dominated by the active
minds of men who are trained to fight
the sea.

   Hut the chill, gray, stone cone in which
1 stood now seemed to me to be 110 more
than a mere battered, time-worn play-
thing of relentless waves. Within the
last four hours the heaving waters had
engulfed'two of the three men who had
passed the preceding night within its ill-
omened walls which now were sheltering
the body of the third.

  Were these thundering billows clamor-
ing for the lives of the two living men
who occupied the building now?

  I started violently as I felt a hand
fall on my shoulder. Turning, I looked
into the bloodshot eyes of Torrens.

   “ Your nerve’s not failin’, sir, I hope,”
the keeper said, surveying me with an ex-
pression of apprehension. “ Why, you
just jumped as if you seen poor Jack
Cowden’s ghost.”

  “ I’ll be steady enough in half an hour
or so,” I answered. “ These waves
you’ve got out here have shaken me up
a bit, I guess. I didn’t hear you come
up the stair; and when you touched me
on the shoulder, I—”

  “ Aye, we’ll have a nasty night,” said
Torrens solemnly. “ The tide’s a risin’,
and there’s like to be some heavy poundin’
on the shoal before the sun is up.”

  I turned apprehensively toward the
window and looked out.

  “ Will the breakers be much worse
than they are now?" I asked.

  The keeper shook his head gravely.

  “ Lord bless you, sir, they haven’t be-
gun to talk yet. In an hour from now
the old Atlantic will throw its white arms
around this tower and make love to it
in a way that you won’t be likely to for-
get, if you live to be as old as me. I
tell you, these confidential talks of a
stormy sea, ’specially when it begins to
brag of all the great things it can do,
ain’t the pleasantest sort 0’ talk a lands-
man wants to listen to.”

  “ Well, however confidential the talks
may be, there is nothing to be gained by
listening to them, if they don’t aid us in
solving the mystery of the light,” I re-
plied.

  Torrens nodded.

  “ Shall we go to the watch-room ? ” he
asked. “ Everything is snug below.”

  I assented; and the keeper led the way
to the room above.

  Upon entering the watch-room, we
seated ourselves at the table. Without
asking me whether or not I was inclined
to play, Torrens opened a checker-board
and arranged the pieces.

  “ Checkers and books is the only things
that’s left to us 011 a night like this,” the
keeper explained as he marked my hesita-
tion. “Ten minutes from now we won’t
lie able to hear each other talk across
the table.”

  These words had scarcely left the
keeper’s mouth, when there was a sud-
den crash below, and the lighthouse
trembled from top to bottom. A feeling
of faintness seized me, and, with an ex-
IN THE TARANTULA’S SKEIN.

631

olamation of alarm, I sprang to my feet.
The old man rose also and laid a hand
on my arm.

  “ Easy, easy, sir! ” he said reassur-
ingly. “ There’s no danger. We’ll have
far worse than that before the night is
over. Even if they came a hundred times
as strong as that one, the mornin’ would
find our old gray tower safe and sound.”

  “ What was it?” I asked breathlessly.

  “ Only a wave,” the keeper answered
with a smile. “ You’ll get used to ’em
by and by.”

  A few moments later another, larger
than the first, made the old structure
sway and shudder.

  “ Here they are,” observed Torrens
complacently.

  Rallying all my powers of self-control,
1 now steadily returned the keeper’s
questioning gaze. He quickly marked the
change that was coming over me, and
the look of apprehension faded from his
features, and he glanced again toward
the checker-board.

  “ Will you have the red or black, sir? ”
he asked, and he began to finger the
pieces.

  “ Neither—yet,” I answered promptly.
“ Let us talk a little while, if we can.
I want you to tell me something of your
unfortunate young friend, Jack Cowden.”

  As we seated ourselves again at the
table, the keeper glanced over his shoul-
der to where the body of his dead as-
sistant' lay beneath the blanket.

  The old man sighed and shook his
head.

  “There ain’t much to tell,” he an-
swered gloomily. “ It’s just a simple
story of a fish in’ lad that went all wrong
when he fell in love with a pretty girl
who thought herself too high for him.

  “ The girl was Sally Lane, the daugh-
ter of old Captain Bill, who used to own
the biggest shipyard in Charlesport. Bill
made quite a pile of money; and when
he was pretty much along in years, he
married the parson’s daughter.

  “ Sally was their only child and was
just turned sixteen when her mother died.
Bill took to drink, sent Sally away to
school, began to speculate, and lost his
money. He sent for Sally, then; and
when she got back, the folks in Charles-
port weren’t long in seein’ that her fancy
school had spoiled her. Her father was

ruined; but she wore fine clothes and
tossed her head at all the plain-fashioned
folks and ways of Charlesport.

  “ And yet she seemed to still have a
sort of fondness for her old sweetheart,
Jack Cowden; and Jack’s love for the
girl grew stronger, though Sally put it
plainly to him that she had higher ideas
for herself than to marry him.

  “ A year ago this month she went to
Portland; and before she went, she
turned poor Jack down for good and all.
In Portland she lived with her aunt; and
word come to Charlesport that old Cap-
tain Bill’s girl was makin’ lots of friends
and havin’ pretty lively times in Portland
and Augusta.

  “ When folks in Charlesport told Jack
these stories, a big change came over the
lad, and I don’t believe he ever laughed
aloud again. He fancied every one was
watching him and makin’ sport of his
pain. Then he came out here to me.

  “ He didn’t want no more fishin’, he
told me, and he asked me if 1 couldn’t
give him a berth out here with me. My
assistant had turned up drunk a few days
before, and Jack knew I was about to
fire him.

  “ I gave the job to Jack, and he
proved to be the likeliest lad I ever had
out here to help me. He never had no
cravin’ to go ashore; and, though he was
a bit moody at times, he was always
willin’—fairly studyin’ out new things
to do to make life cheerful for us both
in tlfis lonely tower. All went well un-
til—until—”

  I heard no more. From without there
came a sound like that of a terrific thun-
der-clap, and the tower trembled more
violently that it had done before.

  The room seemed to be whirling round
me. Shaking like a leaf, I staggered to
my feet, but, overcome by a strange feel-
ing in the interior of my body, I gasped
for breath and sank into my chair.

  My lips were parched, and perspira-
tion was breaking out on my forehead.

  My alarm was intensified by a recog-
nition of the fact that Torrens was suf-
fering almost as much as I.

  The old keeper, who, only a few min-
utes before, had spoken so confidently of
the stability of the tower, was trembling,
too, and his face, which had been florid
before, was gray as ashes now.
632

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

  He was standing at the foot of the
stairway that led up to the lantern, and,
with his frightened eyes turned toward
mine, he appeared to he listening in-
tently.

  Struck by bis attitude, I listened, too.
The waves now seemed to be on the
point of engulfing the tower, smiting the
structure higher and delivering their
blows in more rapid succession.

  Starting suddenly, Torrens looked up-
ward to where the iron stairway entered
tli _• floor above.

  For the moment I forgot my fears.

  “The light’s all right?” I shouted
anxiously.

  The keeper, glancing toward me again,
was about to speak, when he suddenly
checked himself and raised a warning
finger.

  Then, mingling with the roar of the
waters that lashed the tower, there came
another sound, rather more quick and
sharply defined than those that rose
around us.

  As I listened two other sounds, similar
to the first, succeeded it.

  “What is it, Torrens?” I demanded
breathlessly.

  “ Signal-guns,” the old man answered
hoarsely. “ But, lad—thank Heaven—
the lamp’s a burnin’! ”

  As he spoke, the keeper crossed quickly
to the window and looked out. I fol-
lowed, but, peering over his shoulder, I
could see nothing at first, for water was
trickling down the outside of the-glass.
At length, however, I saw, faintly in the
distance, a greenish glow that disap-
peared a moment afterward.

  “The code—the code!” cried Tor-
rens fiercely, and, turning abruptly, he
thrust me aside and rushed to the little
shelf on which 1 had seen him lay the
book which, earlier in the evening, he
had assured me was scarcely worth shelf -
room in the lighthouse. Seizing it now,
he held it toward me.

  “ Quick with it—to the lantern! ” he
commanded.

  Then, leading the way to the stairway,
he began to draw off his canvas coat.

  We mounted the narrow stairway two
or three steps at a bound; then, having
entered the lantern, Torrens spread out
his coat in such a manner as to obscure
the light on the south side of the gleam-

ing cone. For several seconds, with his
face turned toward the sea, he held the
coat in this position; then, with an
abrupt movement, he drew it aside.

  “ The book, lad—the book! ” he cried
impatiently.

   I placed it in his hands.

  A few moments later I saw, well out
at sea, a little row of yellow lights. A
powerful search-light flashed toward us;
but this was withdrawn almost imme-
diately.

  “Now—now—look sharp!” Torrens
muttered, as if he was speaking to him-
self.

  From the point at which the yellow
lights were shining, there now glowed
other lights—red, green, and blue. Only
one of these was displayed at a time;
and while each was several times re-
peated, the colors were not displayed in
regular succession. As each color ap-
peared, Torrens recorded it in the back
of the code-book.

  The signals continued for about a
minute and a half; then they ceased
abruptly. Torrens dropped the book,
and once more held his coat before the
cone. Scarcely had he done this. when,
the distant vessel’s search-light flashed
again toward the lighthouse.

  Flinging his coat to the floor, Torrens
picked up the book and, with this in his
hands, hurried to the stairway, calling
to me to follow him.

  “ Is it a vessel in distress? ” I asked
when we found ourselves again in the
watch-room.

  Torrens made no answer. Seating
himself at the table, he swept to the floor
the checker - board and pieces with a
rapid movement of his arm, then he
opened the code-book and forthwith pro-
ceeded to decipher the message that he
had just received.

  I watched him anxiously. In the ex-
citement attending this new incident of
the night, the thundering waves and the
shivering of the lighthouse were forgot-
ten.

  At length, with a heavy groan, Torrens
leaned forward and hid his face in his
hands.

  “ In Heaven’s name, what is it, man? ’’
I demanded, laying a hand on one of
the keeper’s shoulders.

  Shaking off my hand, the old man rose
IN THE TARANTULA’S SKEIN.

633

and slowly mounted the stairway lead-
ing to the lantern. Here he raised his
coat from the floor, and once more held
it outspread before the cone.

  Again the search-light found the tower.

  Torrens withdrew the coat and stepped
back. For several seconds he stood im-
movable ; then, with marked deliberation,
he passed the coat twice before the cone.

  The searchlight flashed toward us
again, then after assuming a vertical po-
sition for several moments it disappeared.

  The keeper turned to me.

  “ That’s all,” he muttered brokenly.

  I led the way back to the watch-room.

  While the mind of the keeper was en-
grossed by the exchange of signals, I
realized the importance of allowing him
to proceed without interruption. As we
paused beside the table, however, this
new mystery and the keeper’s continued
silence excited within me feelings of re-
sentment and distrust.

  “ What ship was that ? ” I demanded
angrily.

  The keeper's eyes were glaring wildly
as he turned to me abstractedly.

   “ Aye, aye, the devil’s in it ! ” I heard
him mutter.

  My blood ran cold, but my brain was
burning as I seized him by the shoulder.

  “ Speak, man — speak ! ” I cried.
“ What ship was that? ”

  By the expression that overspread his
features then, one might have thought
that he was only half conscious of my
presence in the room.

  “ It was the gunboat' Montauk, with
Sam Briartlnvaite aboard,’’ he answered
moodily. “ The light’s been out three
hours!”

CHAPTER VII.

AN IMPORTANT DISCOVERY.

  Utterly dumfounded, I tightened my
grip on Torrens’s shoulder and, incapable
of speech, stood staring at his haggard
face.

  “ The light’s been out three hours,”
the old keeper repeated, nodding gloom-
ily. “ Aye, I knew k before I heard the
signal-guns. I ■ knew it when I found
myself a standin’ at the bottom of the
lantern-stair."

  “You knew?” I muttered hoarsely.

  “ I felt just then as you did,” Tor-
rens said. “ You know now what it is
to have that queer, sinkin’ feelin’ I was
tellin’ you of.”

  Stepping back from the keeper, I drew
out my watch.

  It was half past ten!

  It had been only a few minutes after
seven when Torrens and I had seated
ourselves at the watch-room table with
the checker-board between us.

  I recalled again that strange, smug,
mocking smile that was on the face of
Captain Sam Briartlnvaite when I had
seen him last, just as I was starting for
New England “ to keep the White Shoal
Light burning every minute of the night.”
And now, under Briarthwaite’s very eyes,
George Ripley had met his first' failure
as a secret-service agent!

  For several moments Torrens and I,
pacing the floor restlessly, were silent.

  “ Let me have a copy of the Montauk’s
message,” I said at last.

  The big, rough hand of the keeper
wrote it out laboriously and gave it to
me. I read as follows:

    Gunboat Montauk, Briarthwaite.

    Light out three hours. Ripley there,
  one pass—not there, two. Search-light;
  then one pass for each man in light-
  house.

  “Is that all he said?” I asked as,
crumpling up the paper, I dropped it to
the fioor.

  “ That’s all, sir; but it’s pretty near
enough, I reckon,” the keeper answered
wearily.

  Leaving to Torrens the task of con-
tinuing. the watch, I went below to the
living-room. There, pacing the floor or
sitting on a chair with my face in my
hands, I spent the two most miserable
hours I had passed in all my life.

  I soon saw the importance of freeing
myself from the terrible sense of mortifi-
cation that had overwhelmed me, how-
ever. In one respect, my commission had
proved a failure. For that failure I
must now prepare myself to give a satis-
factory reason; and yet this very reason
naturally would involve a solution of the
mystery of the extinguished light.

  Convinced that in the tower there was
only one living man besides myself, it
was clear to me that, if the light had
634

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

been extinguished this night by human	to seek some sort of diversion for my

agency, Torrens was the culprit.	tired thoughts.

  During the three hours that the light “ If you still have a mind for a game

was out I had been unconscious. Had	of checkers—” I began; but the old man

Torrens drugged me while I was eating
in the kitchen? It was possible, of
course. Hut was it probable?

  It seemed to me that it was alto-
gether so.

   This proceeding and those that fol-
lowed it would seem to constitute sim-
plicity itself. Torrens and Cowden had
been fellow conspirators. Cowden, be-
lieving that Baintree and Wilson had dis-
covered his secret, had committed suicide.
By what means he and Torrens had ef-
fected the extinguishment of the light
after they had been removed from the
lighthouse, 1 did not -know; but this I
would learn in time.

   In order to demonstrate the truth of
my theory, I also would have to obtain
possession of the drug which Torrens
had used upon me. With evidence such
as this in my possession, I might succeed
in an effort to compel the old man to
confess the nature of the motive which
had impelled him to commit these crimes.

   In the meantime, however, it was es-
sential that Torrens should be given no
reason to suspect that I was preparing
to lay the commission of these crimes to
his charge.

   Becoming more and more convinced of
his guilt and of the perfect simplicity of
his methods, my respect for the man was
constantly increasing. He was, by long
odds, the cleverest actor I had ever
known.

   It was after midnight when, entering
the watch-room, I saw Torrens standing
by the southern window, looking out.
He heard me enter, and glanced over his
shoulder, but did not speak.

   “ The sea is calming down a bit,” I
said.

   “ Yes,” he answered half - absently.
“ The gale has passed. An offshore
breeze and an ebbin’ tide will make all
quiet enough in an hour or so.”

   Glancing round the poorly-furnished
room. I saw that the keeper had replaced
the checker-board and pieces on the table.
Convinced that I "had identified the true
culprit, and failing to see any prospect
of further action in the course of the next
five or six hours, I was 110 longer loath

interrupted me.

  With an impatient shrug of his shoul-
ders, he replied:

  “ No, sir; I have no mind for checkers
now.”

  “ Well, then, since two'of us seem to be
unable to maintain a more effective watch
than one, I think I will go below and
look over the volumes in your library.”
The old keeper, frowning, turned
toward me quickly.

  “ It’s well for you, lad, that vou can
take the thing so lightly,” he said in a
tone of reproach.

  “ Ah, well,” I sighed, “ perhaps we
will have our chance another night.”
Torrens nodded wearily.

  “ Perhaps—perhaps,” he said.

  I returned to the living-room, but I
was in no state of mind to seek solace in
one of the keeper’s well-thumbed vol-
umes.	,

  It was scarcely probable that Torrens
would venture to leave the living-room
while he had the watch; so I thus was
afforded an excellent opportunity to
search the various rooms below' the
watch-room. had I found any grounds
for the belief that such a search would
yield evidence of his guilt. But I was
satisfied that a search for this must prove
fruitless.

  The keeper and I had arrived at the
lighthouse together, and it was plain
that if he had had anything of an in-

■criminating nature in his possession, it
still must be concealed somewhere about
his person. I could hope to secure this
only while he was sleeping. I expected
to find little else than the vial which had
contained the drug that rendered me un-
conscious.

  I had been pacing the room for more
than five minutes, when my gaze chanced
to rest on a little piece of torn paper,
about an inch square, lying 011 the rim
of a wicker waste-basket near the wall.
Picking up the paper, I saw that on it
were written, in black ink, the letters:

     Mr. Geo.

  A glance into the basket showed me
that on the bottom lay nearly two hun-
IN THE TARANTULA’S SKEIN.

635

dred scraps of paper torn into varying

sizes.

  These I carefully removed and placed
between the pages of a book which I
took from one of the shelves of the book-
case.

  A search of the room for mucilage
proved fruitless, so, carrying the book,
I went down to the kitchen, where I
might find an egg which would serve my
purpose.

  Having secured the white of an egg,
I at once proceeded with the task of
fitting the torn pieces of paper together
in their proper positions, and then past-
ing them on sheets of legal which I had
taken with me from the living-room.

  I had been thus engaged for about fif-
teen minutes when I realized that I had
made a discovery of the greatest im-
portance.

CHAPTER VIII.

A MESSAGE FROM THE DEAD.

  The task that now confronted me was
a difficult one. I saw that the slips con-
stituted a letter that had been addressed
to me, and which had been written close-
ly on five sheets of letter paper. Fortu-
nately the writer had written on only
one side of each sheet.

  Nearly three-quarters of an hour
passed before the last slip was in its
proper position.

  I now had before me the most remark-
able document on which it ever had
fallen to my lot to gaze—a document
which, doubtless, having been left on the
living-room table, had been found, read,
and destroyed by Cowden shortly before
he had taken his life.

  The letter was signed by Commander
Baintree, and read as follows:

  Mr. George Ripley,

        Secret-Service Agent.

   My dear Sir:—John Cowden, for-
  merly an assistant keeper at the White
  Shoal lighthouse, yesterday brought out
  to me a despatch from Washington
  which informs me that I am about to be
  relieved of the charge of this light-
  house, and that you have been named
  as my successor.

    I have prepared a report which I will
  forward to the lighthouse board to-mor-

  row. Circumstances are such, however,
  that it will be impossible for me to await
  your arrival* here. I will, therefore,
  make a brief report to you of the mis-
  fortunes that have befallen me. Owing
  to one of these misfortunes, I am unable
  to write this communication with my
  own hand, so I am dictating it to Mr.
  Wilson.

  I have been informed that twice since
my arrival on the shoal the light has
been extinguished. I have no personal
knowledge of such disappearances, how-
ever.

  But this I do know—on each of these
occasions neither Wilson nor myself
was able to account for the mysterious
loss of three hours. For this fact I am
unable to offer any explanation—the-
oretical or otherwise.

  On the subject of a third extinguish-
ment of the light, however, I have some-
thing to say—something which, so far
from enlightening you, must only serve
to deepen the mystery.

  But before I speak of this, which will
give you much food for thought, I deem
it my duty to cause you to be on your
guard against a serious physical peril
which now threatens you and your com-
panions.

  I refer to the presence in the lower
of a large and singularly ferocious spi-
der. I have seen it only once, and a
careful search of the lighthouse, from
lantern to coal-bin, has failed to reveal
its lurking-place.

  It was shortly after four o’clock yes-
terday afternoon that I saw the miser-
able insect. Having been on watch all
the night before, I lay down on a cot
in the sleeping-room, about one o’clock
in the afternoon, and was soon asleep.

  I was wearing only a short-sleeved
undershirt and a pair of trousers at the
time, and when I woke, a little after
four. I was conscious of a tickling sen-
sation just above the elbow of my left
arm. Believing that this was caused by
contact with the covering of the cot, I
altered my position.

  As I did so, a sharp pain of consider-
able severity darted through the arm,
and, a moment later, I felt something
drop lightly on my chest.

  Raising my head quickly, I beheld an
enormous spider, which was looking at
me with a pair of glittering black eyes.

  In a moment it had bounded from my
body to the floor; then it disappeared at
the head of the staircase which led to
the room below. Seizing a broom which
was leaning against the wall, I followed
636

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

the fleeing insect as quickly as 1 could,
and. as I ran, I called to Wilson, who
hurried down from the living-room.

  Our search for the spider was in vain.

 When Cowden arrived with the
Washington despatches of which I have
spoken, the wound I had received gave
me great pain, and the arm was swell-
ing rapidly. In a short time 1 was suf-
fering from a fever.

  Convinced that the spider belonged to
a species of the tarantula, I proceeded
to employ the same remedies that I once
had found effective for the treatment of
the bite of a rattlesnake. I cauterized
the wound with a red-hot poker, applied
a flaxseed poultice, and drank several
copious drafts of whisky.

  These remedies afforded me no relief,
however, and for the last twelve hours
my condition has been growing rapidly
worse.

  As I now' prepare to describe, to you
the most singular of the adventures that
have befallen me since my arrival on
this mysterious shoal, I am almost on
the verge of delirium as a result of my
sufferings. Despite this fact, however,
my recital of these incidents is not col-
ored by ai.y flight of a feverish fancy.

  Cowden was landed on the shoal by
a fishing vessel about six o’clock last
evening. He entered the lighthouse
alone, and, upon giving me the de-
spatches, he received permission from
me to pass the night on the shoal.

  In view of my enfeebled condition. I
was inclined to regard his arrival as dis-
tinctly providential.

  Shortly after Cowden’s arrival, the
wind began to freshen, and by nine
o’clock it had assumed the character of
a gale.

  The rising tide brought with it a
heavy sea, and during the next four
hours the lighthouse received a series
of heavy buffetings.

  The storm was at its height about
eleven o'clock, when, lying on my cot,
I turned to Cowden to ask him to re-
new my poultice. At this moment there
camc to our ears a strange, jangling,
muffled sound that seemed to issue from
one of the rooms above. It lasted for
a couple of seconds, perhaps, then it
ceased abruptly.

  Cowden, starting violently, looked up-
ward.

  “What's that?” he muttered.

  “ Wilson probably has dropped some-
thing on the stone floor of the watch-
room.” I answered testily. “ But get
me the poultice.”

  Cowden, with a bewildered look on
his face, turned slowly toward me. He
was about to speak when there fairly
quivered through the lighthouse two of
the most awful, long-drawn shrieks I
ever heard. Then I heard a woman's
voice.

  •‘Jack—Jack!” it cried. “In Heaven’s
name, Jack, put out the light and stop
the bell! ”

  For the moment all my physical an-
guish was forgotten. Shaking with
fright, I rose quickly to a sitting posi-
tion on the cot. Never before had I
seen on human features such an expres-
sion of overwhelming horror as I saw
on Cowden’s now.

  Like me, the young man was trem-
bling violently. Both of us were so
dazed and terrified that we were unable
to speak or move.

  A heavy wave now smote the light-
house with a force that made it trem-
ble from top to bottom. Then I heard
the woman's voice again. It camc to us
much fainter now, and seemed to throb
with fear.

  “The light, Jack—put out the light!
The monster sees us, and is coming—
coming! For Heaven's sake, put out the
light, anti stop the bell! ”

  Thrill after thrill passed through me
as I leaped from the bed to the floor.
Breathing heavily, and with his head
thrust forward, Cowden rushed up the
stairway. Moving weakly, I followed.

  When reached the living - room, I
stopped and listened. At first all above
me was still; then I heard the shuffling
of feet.

  I tried to call to Wilson, but my
throat and lips were so parched that I
was unable to utter a single syllable.

  As I started to ascend the stairw'ay
leading to the watch-room, I saw that
the ./atch-room light had been extin-
guished. Too feeble to proceed farther,
I retreated to a chair in the living-room.
On this I sank inertly, and waited.
Then I suddenly realized that the fog-
bell had ceased tolling, and that the
lantern-light was out!

  Ho\V long I sat there I do not know.
At length, however, my pain became so
agonizing that I fainted. When I came
to .myself, I was lying on my cot, and
Wilson was bending over me. Daylight
was streaming in through the window,
and the waves had ceased to thunder.

  Strangely enough, of the mysterious
voice or of the extinguishment of the
light and the silencing of the bell, Wil-
son appeared to know nothing.
IN THE TARANTULA’S SKEIN.

637

    He said that he and Cowden, hearing
  me moaning, had descended from the
  watch-room and found me lying 011 the
  floor beside a chair in the living-room.

    Both of my companions professed to
  believe that I was the victim of an
  hallucination, due to my illness.

    Cowden failed to conceal from me the
  fact that a deep impression had been
  made upon his mind by my recital, how-
  ever.

    Several times I saw a pallor over-
  spread his face, and twice or thrice since
  then I have heard him muttering inco-
  herently to himself.

    This is all I have to tell you now.

    A boat landed at the shoal this morn-
  ing, and a young man brought to the
  lighthouse several letters addressed to
  us at the Charlesport post-office. Why
  he should have done this, I do not
  know, for the letters were quite unim-
  portant, and the seas still were fairly
  heavy.

    He made a search of the lighthouse
  for the miserable spider, but was unable
  to find it. He said his name was David
  Rensior. Wilson wanted me to go
  back with the fellow to Charlesport, in
  order to secure medical attention, but I
  foolishly declined to do so.

    Since then I have regretted my de-
  cision, and, realizing that if my life is
  to be saved I must consult a physician
  at once, I am preparing to leave the
  shoal. It is possible that Wilson, who
  will accompany me, will be able to sec
  you before you put off for the shore.

    With best wishes for the success of
  your mission, I remain,

Yours very truly,

Henry Baintree,
Commander. U. S. N.

  Having carefully reread this astonish-
ing letter, I raised the sheets and slipped
them into one of the pockets of my coat.

  That part of the letter which had to
do with the tarantula and the effects of
its bite would, if true, explain the de-
parture of Baintree and W'ilson from the
tower.

  But was it true? The • rest of the
letter—with its description of the cries
of the mysterious woman, and its refer-
ence to the singular lapse of memory in
the cases of Wilson and Cowden—1
obviously was so highly colored by an
overworked imagination that I was in-
clined to doubt the truth of all.

  Yet, as I reflected more carefully on
the matter, the story concerning the

tarantula did not seem so improbable,
after all. The great spider might have
been taken into the lighthouse in a bunch
of bananas, or have drifted to the shoal
on some object that had been thrown
overboard from a vessel bound north-
ward from the tropics.

  Moreover, the finding of the flaxseed
poultice and the poker seemed to corrobo-
rate the writer’s .account of his suffer-
ings.

  It was also clear that I could not con-
sistently regard as incredible Baintree’s
assertion that twice while the light had
been extinguished he and Wilson were
unable to account for all that had oc-
curred during a period of three hours, for,
did I not find myself in a similar pre-
dicament ?

  Writh regard to the account of the third
extinguishment, however, it would have
to be considered that the narrator was
manifestly the victim of a fever that in-
dicated the approach of delirium.

  On this occasion it would appear that
of the three men in the lighthouse Bain-
tree was the only one who had been able
to retain a recollection of the incidents
attending the extinguishment of the light.
Unless, however, one was prepared to
recognize as a fact the presence in the
lighthouse of some distinctively super-
natural agency, or of a ventriloquist who
was able to hypnotize the inmates for a
period of three hours, no serious con-
sideration could be given to Baintree’s
extraordinary assertions.

  According to Baintree’s account, the
lights, both in the watch-room and the
lantern, had been extinguished by Cow-
den himself. If this was true, the action
must have taken place in the presence of
W'ilson; but from the lips of- Wilson
there appeared to have come no word of
protestation.

  I rose from the table at which I hacT
been seated and was in the act of casting
into a garbage receptacle all that re-
mained of the white of the egg which
had served me as paste, when a sharp,
muffled sound, coming from one of the
rooms above, chilled my blood and my
heart seemed to cease its beating.

  The sound, though louder, was simi-
lar to that which I had heard when Cow-
den had sent the fatal bullet into his
brain!
638

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

  Rushing to the stairway, I mounted it
quickly.

  Through the sleeping and .living
rooms 1 made my way, with nervous,
breathless haste. At last I reached the
watch-room.

  On the floor, with his head against the
blanket-covered feet of the dead Cowden,
lay Torrens—moving weakly, and with
a still smoking revolver grasped tightly
in his hand.

  Overwhelmed by a conflict of the most
powerful emotions that may come to any
man, 1 recoiled from the sight that met
my view. Then, with a feeble effort, the
old keeper, struggling to a sitting pos-

ture, began to raise the revolver to his
head.

  With a-hoarse cry, I leaped toward
him and seized his hands. In a moment
I had secured possession of the weapon.

  As I started to draw away, Torrens
grasped my coat. 1 was about to glance
at the old man’s face when a sudden
movement of that part of the blanket
that lay over Covvden’s head attracted
and held my attention.

  More and more violently it stirred,
then from it rolled a blackish, palpitating
thing, which, as it struck the floor, went
skimming and bounding toward the stair.

  It was the tarantula!

            (To be c o n t i n d .)

SHIRT ANNIE.

      By Frank Condon.

  H0*' a lady of the flat-iron had
  thoughts about and words
  with a perfectly good nobleman*

“I F it wasn’t for the surprising things
I that are always happening, and if

  1 it wasn’t for the novelty of the job
and the constant need of the money,
and if I had the knack and the love of
loafing like some people,” said Shirt
Annie, mopping her tired face with her
apron, “ I’d certainly give up this job.
Look at this, now.”

  Shirt Annie held up a white shirt, with
purple stripes.

  “ Look! ” she commanded, turning the
shirt round. “ What d’ye make of that?”
Mag and Lil examined the garment
attentively.

  It had come steaming and damp from
the mangle, and Shirt Annie’s narrow
ironing-table was its next stop. After
she had smoothed it out with the heavy
iron, and stiffened its florid bosom with
starch, it would be wrapped around a
pasteboard that they use in laundries
to simulate a man’s spinal column, and
the red-faced parcel-boy in front would
tie it into a chaste bundle.

  It would then be piled on the shelves
with other bundles of fresh-laundered
things, and eventually some male person
would come along and clasp it to his
bosom, with a cheery smile.

  “ It’s a kind of a nutty thing, ain’t it?”
mused Shirt Annie, holding the purple-
striped shirt aloft.

  “ Very odd,” admitted Mag. Mag
was the mangier. “ Very odd.”

  “ Rather foreign, I should say,” put in
Lil. Lil ironed cuffs, socks, suspenders,
ties, and miscellaneous apparel.

  “ Whose is it, d’ye know ? ” scratching
the freshly ironed shirt with a pensive
forefinger. “ He ain’t a big man, judg-
ing by the size. Number fourteen and
a half neck. Albert’s shirts is sixteen;
and, you know, Lil, Albert ain’t what you
could really call a big man.”

  Lil took the shirt nearer the window
and gazed with critical eye and pursed
lip upon its royal chest.

  It was one of those shirts invented by
a nameless fiend during the Spanish In-
quisition to torture men before the hot-
iron and eye-gouging ceremonials. It
split down the back, and it split down the
front. It was the kind of shirt that a
man gets into by lying on the floor and
sneaking the collar-buttons into their
buttonholes before the wretched thing
SHIRT ANNIE.	639

can biscct itself and flop apart like a
split shad.

  In front and on either side of the
dividing line were two designs stamped
into the material. They were similar,
and were so placed in order to be visible
after the collar and cravat were put on.
The twin design was a brilliant green
oval containing a golden fleece.

  “It looks something like a worm in a
nut,” commented Mag interestedly.

  “ You’re a nut,” answered Shirt Annie
tartly. “ That gold thing is a fleece.
Don’t' you know a fleece when you see
it?”

  Mag retired to her mangle and Lil to
her table, and Shirt Annie resumed the
difficult duties that gave her a name in
the parlance of laundries. She hummed
softly during the afternoon, and never
once did the thoughtful frown leave her
perspiring forehead.

  “ Now, where did I see that thing
before?” she argued. “I bet you I’ve
seen that. I know I saw it on some
shirts last week, but I know I saw it
somewhere else, and I’m trying to think,
and for the life of me I can’t recall it;
and why is it, when you’re thinking your
hardest— By gee, now I know! ’’

  Shirt Annie dropped her iron so sud-
denly that it fell to the floor, and missed
the off toe on her left foot by a flea’s
whisper. She pounced upon the silent
shirt, and stared at the device.

  “ As sure as I’m Irish, it’s the same
thing. Ain’t that funny! To think of
him having his shirts done up here. Why,
she lives somewhere round here, too.
That’s awful funny. I think I’ll tell the_
girls/ No, I won’t. I’m going to just
keep this to myself, and—well, if that
ain’t funny! ”

  When, in the course of human events,
an English earldom begins to run for
Sweeny, and the instalment-houses are
sending up insulting letters every Mon-
day ; and when the senior earl can’t lend
the junior earl the family watch to hock
because it’s in hock already; and when
the hunting-pack slims down to one bru-
nette dog, and that an iron dog in the
front yard; and when the butler has but-
tled along for seven or eight years, and
quits suddenly over night, taking away
the dining-room rug in part payment of
cash arrears due and not paid; and when

the proud name that has flickered down
through the ages from the time William
the Conqueror put the bee on old Eng-
land, and is about to appear as the
caudal-appendage on a position-wanted
ad in the London Times—it behooves
somebody round the place to put on his
behoovers and start something that will
eventually produce cash, lots of cash,
warm, trickling, and ready to spend.

  This particular earldom was set down
in a valley about' nine hours out of Lon-
don, and it smelled of hyacinths and
motor-cars. It had a name that took up
four lines of pica type in Burke’s Peer-
age, including two hyphens.

  The principal son and heir, which
would naturally be his young earlets,
was Potheringham Orby Guensinborough
Smolley, and his calling-cards folded on
a perforation to get’ it all in. Young
Orby—his friends called him Orby—al-
ways lived in London, because he liked
steam heat, and his respected sire wouldn’t
be in the way of perpetually borrowing
a two-dollar bill from him.

  When he suddenly received a serious
communication from the old gentleman,
calling his attention to the devastated
condition of the family check-book, he
was “ peeved,” not to say irritated.

  You arc probably wondering what this
credit man’s survey of an English noble’s
home has to do with Shirt Annie and
the laundry up 011 Sixty-Sixth Street,
New York. We’re all that way. No-
body can wait these days.

  Young Orby went down to Worcester-
shire on a fast express, talked the mat-
ter over with his male parent, and tele-
graphed for a ticket to America. In
eighteen hours he was kissing everybody
good-by and riding down to the station
in the family’s last dog-cart, wondering
which old friend of his could introduce
him to an American millionaire’s only
daughter, because he wanted to marry
her and annex the needed tauzoids.
That’s how the thing starts to hook up
with Shirt Annie.

  Leave it to the Sunday papers, par-
ticularly the parts that are printed in
red, green, and blue, with dragons all
round the margins, and mosquitoes the
size of an ox shooting their cruel stems
into a child’s arm.

  They heard about Lord Orby, or Earl
640

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

Orby. Some of them called him Count
Orby, in spite of the fact that there are
no counts in England, unless they sneak
in late at night’. It took the astute Lon-
don correspondents just twelve hours to
fathom the whole mystery of why Earl
Orby sailed for New York. They knew
he couldn’t sail across the Thames River,
if he had to finance the expedition un-
aided, and they decided that some worthy
object in his exploration had induced the
pawnbrokers to unclasp some more gold.

. The papers were full of it. In New
York the Sunday supplements went into
the matter thoroughly. They printed
photographs of the young earl shooting
elephants from a balloon, riding to
hounds in a pearl-gray necktie, fighting
a duel at eighty paces with a dachshund-
revolver, and rowing with the Oxford
crew.

  They gave detailed measurements,
showing his chest expansion, the diameter
of his left leg, the height he would have
been if he had been born a' Chinaman,
and the type of paper-cutter he used.

  Then they published the pictures of the
ancestral domains, and figured that if
stood on end they would be higher than
the Singer Building and the Metropoli-
tan Tower combined. All investigations'
ended with the announcement that Earl
Orby was coming over to wed an Ameri-
can heiress.

  They gave the name of the heiress, and
in this respect each paper assumed a
different policy, and stuck to it with that
intense loyalty that marks our American
journalism. The system followed by
New York papers in such cases is to
select a name from a list of unmarried
American women, and hang onto it until
the day before the wedding. If they
guess rignt, nobody cares. If they don’t,
ditto.

  And never did the Sunday papers print
that story without showing in colors the
lamily arms of the Earl Smolley, which
happened to be a golden fleece within a
green oval.

  Shirt Annie read the Sunday papers
immediately after helping her mother
with the breakfast dishes. When she
first saw the pictures of that defunct
British possession, she decided to read
the story every Sunday it came out, and
and follow it until Earl Orby fought His

way into the church with his blushing
bride through a mob of wild-eyed Ameri-
can women sightseers, who don’t care a
snap for nobility or royalty.

  Naturally she noticed the crest. ’Twas
a striking thing, stowed up there in the
corner of the page, directly above the
picture of the earl killing a python with
a walking-stick.

  Y'ou can see why Shirt Annie gasped
with maidenly astonishment when she
suddenly recollected in the laundry that
warm afternoon that the crest on the
purple-striped shirt was nothing else than
the royal arms of Earl Potheringham
Orby Guensinborough Smolley.

 Here was romance for you! Here
was coincidence. In the laundry that af-
ternoon the boss spoke sharply to Shirt
Annie several times, all because the lat-
ter’s mind was running on the earl, and
simply wouldn’t get down to the business
of massaging the wrinkles out of men’s
corsages.

  But the next day!

  Words are but puerile things to de-
scribe what happened the next day. While
the golden fleece within the green oval
excited mild curiosity, the card that fell
out of a lady’s silken thingumajig, on
the table across from Shirt Annie, started
a mental disturbance that assumed ty-
phoonic proportions, and nobody in that
blessed laundry shared the excitement
except Shirt Annie.

  “ What’s this card doing here? ” asked
little Miss Kane, holding it up between
moist fingers.

  “Whose is it?” queried Shirt Annie
absently.

  “ It says Maud Livingstone Mulreavy
on it,” answered Miss Kane, tossing the
pasteboard bit across the room.

  •“ Must be Maud’s, then,” said Shirt
Annie, picking it up.

  She looked at it once, and in a flash
she remembered the name It was the
card of the Maud Livingstone Mulreavy.
Five newspapers had united upon Maud
as the American millionairess destined to
become the bride of Earl Orby. Shirt
Annie was dumfounded, stricken speech-
less.

  She turned the white card over and
over in her hand. What had been co-
incidence before now became miracle. It
was a shock to find oneself laundering
SHIRT ANNIE.

641

the shirts of Earl Orby, but to know that
the girl beside one was doing up things
for Maud Livingstone Mulreavy made
reason to sway on her throne.

  After that Shirt Annie worked in a
trance. Pleated shirts were scorched, and
attached cuffs frayed under her merciless
iron. Too much romance suddenly de-
posited upon the unsuspecting head of a
laundry-girl simply tears her mental
processes wide open, and wo be unto the
luckless garments of men that come her
way.

  In Sheridan's Laundry—it was Sheri-
dan’s, though 110 mention has been made
thus far because of the advertising feature
of the information—the cashier was an
angular woman of thirty-six years, who
hated rats—wire spring or natural hair—
and who consequently wore her deci-
mated locks in a neat and compact knot
on the starboard bow of her serious head.
She didn’t particularly hate Shirt Annie;
so she delivered to her the information
that the owner of the shirts with the
golden fleece and the green oval was a
tallish young man, who looked like a
foreigner, and who wore a very large
seal-ring on the third finger of his left
hand.

  Shirt Annie couldn’t remember reading
about the seal-ring in the Sunday papers,
but she attributed, it to an oversight on
the part of the editors. She began to
watch the front door.

  He came in Tuesday morning at nine
forty-three o’clock, smoking a cork-tipped
cigarette.

  Shirt Annie received a brief wireless
from the cashier which read: “ Here he
is. How do you like him? ”

  He was rather a disappointment. The
earl looked like an American citizen
working somewhere 011 Duane Street,
probably in the shoe business, who had
obviously neglected to shave. His clothes
fitted him neatly, as clothes lit all Ameri-
can men. He had a short mustache, that
corresponded with the one in the pictures,
and that’s about as far as Shirt Annie
could trace a resemblance. Any one who
knows anything about newspaper photog-
raphy will understand this.

  In the excitement of the moment Shirt
Annie burned her hand, and emitted a
feminine yowl of pain, whereat the earl
looked at her with interest. In fact, he

    5	S

stared, and although Sheridan’s was
somewhat dimly lighted, he saw that she
was distinctly pretty.

  Several times after that Shirt Annie
sa\v the earl, and each time he cast an
approving eye upon her. Once, it was
011 the street, as the girl was hurrying
along to the shop. She knew that he was
watching, but she modestly kept her eyes
upon the ground and scurried along. He
certainly knew how to dress, thought
Shirt Annie, and he had an air about
him.

  Lucky Maud Livingstone! She won-
dered what the palace in England looked
like.

  Some of the cars on Columbus Avenue
run 011 a schedule, and some of them run
by whim. Shirt Annie was waiting for
one of the latter, when a man’s walking-
stick dropped with a metallic thud beside
her, and a voice said :

  “ I beg your pardon, miss.”

  Young men who have lived in New
York will recognize this five-word sen-
tence. It does yeoman duty day and
night. Young ladies will know it, too,
and if they blush it is because of
memories.

  Shirt Annie turned, and there beside
her, hat in hand, stood Earl Pothering-
liam Orby Guensinborough Smolley. She
stared at him silently, and slightly fright-
ened.

  He was speaking to her hurriedly, and
somewhat lamely, if she could have
heard ; but she couldn’t hear, because her
eyes were fastened upon a golden fleece
within a green oval directly underneath
his collar, on the white shirt with the
purple stripes, the shirt which her own
hands had made immaculate.

  “ I’m awfully sorry to speak to you
without an introduction,” the earl was
saying; “but I’ve noticed you frequently
of late. I11 fact, I’ve seen you so often
that it seems I almost know you. I know
it’s forward on my part, but I’ve been
simply longing to meet you, and I’m
driven to this informal way because I
can’t think of any other. You’ll forgive
me, won’t you ? ”

  The earl put as much pathos into the
latter portion of his remark as any one
could desire.

  At first Shirt Annie was flustered.
Then she thought of the quality of the
642

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

man who was talking. What kind of a
country was England? Did the men
over there think they could land upon
our hospitable shores and address them-
selves without an introduction to every
girl who by chance happened to pass
their way?

  Just because he was an earl, did this
man think he had special license? What
would the proud nobility of England
think of such behavior. What would
Maud Livingstone Mulreavy, the bride-
to-be, think if she should hear that her
fiance was gadding about upper New
York speaking to laundry-girls?

  At the thought of Maud, Shirt Annie
smiled. The earl smiled, too. He saw
his work smoothing out before him. Shirt
Annie reached down and snapped open
her eight-inch crocodile purse, and drew
from it a small piece of pasteboard with
printing on it.

  She looked the earl directly in the eye
as she handed him the card, and waited
for him to quail.

  “ Perhaps you recognize me,” she said,
trying to talk icily.

  Shirt Annie had read that young ladies
always speak icily when addressed by
strangers.

  The earl read the card without emo-
tion.

  “ It’s a pretty name—almost as pretty
as its owner. But what .a long one.
Now, I should like Maud Mulreavy just
by itself. I never did like three names
for a girl. Where did you get the Liv-
ingstone part, and who made ^vou put'
it in? ”

  Shirt Annie looked at the earl in
amazement. She started to speak, but
words failed her. The earl remained si-
lent, holding the card daintily between
his fingers and smiling at her cheerfully.

  “ Don’t you recognize that name? ” she
finally said, with a painful effort at self-
control. “ Don’t you know Maud Liv-
ingstone Mulreavy?”

  “If I do,” said the earl, “I hope to
die. You aren’t a chorus-girl at night,
are you? ”

  Shirt Annie stared at him stupidly.
From his smiling countenance her gaze
descended to his necktie, and rested upon
the golden fleece within the green oval.

  “What’s wrong with my tie?” he
asked, following her glance.

  “ Nothing. Aren’t you Earl Orby—
Earl Potheringham Orby Guensinbor-
ough Smolley?”

  “Gome again, please?”

  “Aren’t you the earl? Aren’t you
going to marry Miss Mulreavy?”

  “ I think some one is kidding me,” said
the young man; “ and, if it’s a joke, why
send over my end so I can laugh, too.
But, if you really want to know, I’m not
the Earl Smothingham Schootzenborough
Gazooks, or any other earl; nor am I
King Alfonso, nor the King of Prussia,
nor Carrie Nation, Outlaw Tracy, nor
Christy Mathewson, of the New York
Giants.

  “ I’m plain Mister John B. Forbes, of
One Hundred and Forty-Fifth Street,
New York City, free and untrammeled;
here for the pursuit of life, liberty, and
happiness till death do us part. Now,
come on, young lady, quick, with the
answer.”

  Shirt Annie still kept her eyes upon the
insignia of rank that snuggled on either
side of the young man’s cravat.

  “ You wear the arms of the earl,” she
said. “ Where did you get them ? ”
“Arms?”

  “ This.”

  Shirt Annie poked a stiffened finger at
the brilliant green oval and the golden
fleece.

  “ Oh, that ! You don’t mean to say—
well, I’ll be jiggered! Say, do you mean
to say that you’ve doped it out? You saw
it in the laundry, didn’t you? Well, I’ll
be jiggered! ”

  “ Where did you get it ? ” went on
Shirt Annie mercilessly.

  “ Little girl,” said the young man, “ I
work for a cigarette company, with eigh-
teen hundred stores in America. Every
employee is loyal. At present I’m one
of their employees.

  “ Every employee manifests his loyalty
by wearing the trade-mark of the com-
pany on some part of his anatomy. In-
stead of being branded with it, I wear
it on my shirt.

  “ This,” laying his finger on the. green
oval and the golden fleece, “ is the trade-
mark of the Smith Cigarette Company,
and ,I'm the clerk of the Forty-Eighth
Street store.

  “You take this car, don’t you? I
thought so. I’ll see you home.”

\
 HELEN OF TROUBLES.*

By Meyram Hill.

Dealing with several of the many things a youth will do for a
lady in vicissitudes, especially if he has a nose for news.

SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS.

IN the very early morning Marjory Roland leans out of her motor-car and asks Barry
Ellison, correspondent, to aid her. Being adventurous, the young man consents, and
is taken by a roundabout route to a country-house, where he is told he must imper-
sonate one Jack Rutherford, and patch up a quarrel with the latter’s sick uncle, Benjamin
Gordon. Barry’s suspicions are roused by their stealthy approach to the house, also by
voices heard in the dark. A dwarfish person, Mr. Hardston, a lawyer, supposedly the
employer of Miss Roland, leads him to Gordon’s bedroom, where the sick man asks him
unintelligible questions. Later, Barry, having been drugged, wards off sleep long enough

to give to another strange girl, i-ieien Cior
day. realizing that he has been in a house
matter drop, when he receives a telephone
eleven o’clock in the evening.	_

       CHAPTER XII.

         Y poe’s PARK.

RFEVV inquiries as to the location
of Poe’s Park gave Barry his
directions, and a little before
ten o’clock he set out.

  He was absolutely in the dark as to
whom he was to meet, but with con-
siderable anticipation he took the train
for Fordham. He knew that a woman’s
voice had spoken to him over the tele-
phone, and he knew the coming meeting
must be a continuation of the previous
night's adventure.

  He had wondered if it could have
been Marjory Roland who had called
him up, but had decided that it was not
she with whom he had spoken over the
telephone. He hardly knew Helen Gor-
don’s voice well enough to be sure that
it was not hers, and yet he had missed
the soft plaintiveness in the tone.

  “ Whatever it is, it promises some new
development,” he commented as he
turned up the hill from the station. In
a few blocks the populated door-steps
were left behind, and in a few more he
was traveling a rather poorly lighted
road.

•Began June All-Story Mae

ion, a paper ner uncic nas given mm. i\exc
divided against itself, he is about to let the
message asking him to go to Poe’s Park at

    Single detached houses lined the right
 side of the street, and as he gained the
 top of the hill he made out, close to
 one of them, a little white cottage. On
 the tin sign, tacked high under the gable,
 was the melancholy outline of a raven.

   The corner of Barry’s mouth went up
 in a smile. For an instant he surveyed
 the little building where real tales, full
 of the weird, had found birth. Then,
 turning about, he noted the small patch
 of ground across the street, which bore
 the name of the dead poet;

    “ A very fine place to go 011 with the
 adventure,” he remarked to the silent
 cottage, glancing over his shoulder,
 “ If by chance your astral body, Edgar
 Allan, is hovering round, you can add
 fuel to the fire. And, by the bye, you
 might. It is a fair beginning.”

   He moved across the street.

   “ It has interest in the running—to
 date. By all rights, it should go 011;
 but, please, if the gods be willing, toss
 in a little daylight, and let me have a
 peep at the trail.”

   Selecting the darkest spot he could
 find, he threw himself on the ground.
 It was still a little before the appointed
 hour, and he was prepared to wait.

  z i n e . Single copies, 10 cents.
644

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

  Eleven o’clock came and went, and
he sat up, cross-legged, on the turf. No
one had passed, save a mounted police-
man, and the impression gradually be-
gan to form itself in his mind that some
one had played a practical joke on him.

  He had not, however, mentioned his
previous night’s experience to any one.
It was hardly possible that Davis or
Sutton had gathered enough, from what
he had said to them, to think they saw
an opportunity of amusing themselves
at his expense. He was getting a bit
provoked at being kept waiting so long.

  At half past eleven he rose and
stretched himself, ready to believe that
he had made the trip for nothing. As
he crossed the park he saw a figure com-
ing down the road. He stepped into
the shadow of a tree and waited.

  On came the figure, and, as recog-
nition came to Barry, his heart leaped
with pleasure. He had not counted on
it being Helen Gordon who had called
him up.

  Crossing the grass quickly, he met her
in the middle of the street.

  “ So it was you,” he said.

  She glanced up at him, a faint, timid
smile upon her lips. Her large dark
eyes shone.

  “ Yes,” she faltered, while her lips
parted and the smile on them grew. “ I
am late, I know, but I couldn’t help it.”

  It was very evident to Barry that she
was laboring under a good deal of ex-
citement, so he shifted his eyes from her
face.

  “ It’s not so very late,” he answered.
“ I suppose ”—'lie turned and smiled at
her—“ you want to ask me a few ques-
tions. The best place round here is one
of those benches. Shall we sit down ? ”

  “ If you do not mind.”

  They moved across to the park and sat
down in silence. Barry leaned forward,
elbow 011 knee, and began poking the
gravel with his foot. He felt a bit
embarrassed, and was a little at a loss
how to begin the conversation. Before he
could speak, the girl turned toward him.

  “ I don’t know, Mr. Ellison, just how
to begin.”

  Barry looked at his companion and
smiled whimsically.

  “ Those are just the words Miss Ro-
land used,” he said.

  The girl drew back sharply and sat
straight and rigid, her eyes fixed in a
searching look on Barry’s face. Her ex-
pression suddenly became one of distrust.

  “ I guess, perhaps,” Barry hastened,
“ if you don’t mind, I will explain a
little first. I didn’t get much of a chance
last night; now, did I ? ”

  “ No, you did not,” the girl agreed.
“ That is why I called you up and asked
you to meet me here. I felt I must
talk with you.”

  “ Yes, I was pretty badly off last
night,” Barry went on, his eyes shifting
to the ground; “ I really am not sure
what I said or did. At the time I think
I knew—but it is hard to remember.”

  “ I tried to rouse you. I shook you
and pulled you up onto the sofa, but
you would not wake. Then I heard a
noise at the door, and I slipped out onto
the balcony.”

  “ I see,” Barry agreed ; “ and did any
one come into the room ? ”

  “ Yes. I watched. At first I thought
I would wait; but if I had, they would
have known how I got out of my room.
And then I thought I could do no good.
I watched from the balcony. If they
had been intending you any harm, I
would have called out.”

  He looked at his companion.

  “ That was very good of you.”

  “I do not think so; you should not
feel so. Now, I think I would have
called out; but, really, I waited to see
whether I could find out anything about
you. 1 wanted. to place you—to learn,
if I could, who you were and why you
came to the 'house. From what you said
to me, I thought perhaps you did not
know Miss Roland or Mr. Hardston
very well. You spoke as if you would
be willing to help.”

  “ To be sure.” Barry nodded as the
other stopped her half-timid, half-ex-
cited explanation. “ And what did you
find out?”

  “ Not very much.” She shook her
head. “ I saw Mr. Hardston and Miss
Roland come into the room. They
didn’t seem surprised to find you
asleep.”

  “ I judge not,” Barry agreed dryly.

  “ What I did see made me think I
had understood you correctly—that you
were not in league with them.”
HELEN OF TROUBLES.

645

  “So you decided to call me up and
find out what I had done?”

  “ I thought I could do that. It
seemed the only thing for me to do, if
I was to find out anything.”

  “To be sure. But what did Mr.
Hardston and Miss Roland do?”

  “ They searched your pockets for
something, and, when they failed to find
it, Mr. Hardston stormed up and down
the room. Oh, he is terrible, when he
flies into a rage! ” The girl shuddered.

  “ Then Miss Roland got angry with
him, as she does sometimes. I heard
her tell him he must have been mis-
taken about something. That was after
they had looked through all your pock-
ets.”

  “ That is just about what I thought
had happened.” Barry nodded. “ You
see, t'hey were after that paper I gave
you. In some way, they must have seen
Mr. Gordon hand it to me. Perhaps
Hardston slipped into the room and was
behind the- screen.”

  He looked at Helen Gordon in-
quiringly.

  She shook her head.

  “ 1 don’t know, I’m sure.”

  “ Well, they knew, in some way, that
I had that paper. It was lucky you
came along just as you did, and I gave
it to you.”

  “ You saw my uncle ? ” the girl ques-
tioned.

  “ To be sure I did. You don’t know,
after all, what I did, or how I came into
the affair, except what I told you last
night ? ”

  “ And that was very vague,” the girl
answered.

  “ I have no doubt it was,” Barry
agreed with a wry smile. “ Well, to
begin with—but, then, perhaps you want
to ask me some questions. Just go
ahead and ask whatever you wish. I’ll
give you all the information I can.”

  “ I hardly know what to ask,” Helen
said, speaking slowly, while a frown
gathered on her forehead. “ I know so
little myself. I have 110 chance to talk
with my uncle, and he has never told me
anything. I thought about you all day,
and it just seemed to me that I must
see you, and find out what you knew.

  “ So I asked you to meet me here. I
got hold of the telephone for a minute

while Mr. Hardston and Miss Roland
were out in the garden. Then I had to
wait until it was dark and every one was
asleep. They watch me so. If I hadn’t
found that the trellis outside my window
was strong enough to bear my weight, I
couldn’t get out at all. They keep the
house locked, and alarms on all the
lower windows.”

  Barry pursed up his lips.

  “ We both seem to be very much in
the dark,” he began. “ I know nothing
at all. I am a newspaper man, Miss
Gordon. I reached New York yester-
day. Last night my adventures began.”
And he told the girl his story.

  Her occasional interjections made it
clear that the trip in the motor-car had
been purposely roundabout and mislead-
ing, and started a new train of suspi-
cion in regard to whether Benjamin
Gordon’s illness was from natural or
artificial causes.

  After he had finished, the girl looked
away and was silent for a long time.
Barry waited patiently for her to speak.
In the position in which they sat her pro-
file stood out against the dim light of
the distant street-lamp, even as it had
been marked by the early dawn, when
lie had first seen her, on the balcony.

  Her presence increased the spark of
interest that had first flamed up within
him, when he heard her voice in the
garden.

  He was really 110 nearer a solution of
the puzzle. Their conversation had add-
ed no great amount of information, but
he was more certain than ever that he
wanted to help the girl.

  After a little while she spoke.

  “ Can it be that my uncle has become
distrustful of Mr. Hardston? I never
heard him say anything against him; but
then. I do not think he would to me, for
he knows that I never liked him. Do
you think he could have asked my cousin
to find out something, which would
either confirm or disprove his doubt? ”

  “ He had, beyond a question, asked
your cousin to look up some one for him.
Who that some one is, I do not know.”
While Barry was quite ready to agree
with his companion that it was Hard-
ston of whom Benjamin Gordon was
suspicious, he did not feel that he
should allow his personal prejudice
646

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

against the little lawyer to govern his
opinion.

  “ It must have something to do with
the invention my uncle has worked on
so long,” Helen suggested wearily.

  “ Your cousin would know,” Barry
put in.

  “ If I could find my cousin. I have
wanted to see him, but have had no
chance since we went to Mr. Hardston’s.
While we were in town it was not so
bad, but during the last three months it
has become unbearable. I have no one
upon whom I can depend—except my
cousin. And he—”

  She stopped and glanced doubtfully at
Barry.

  “ Let me find your cousin for you. I
can get hold of him in some way, and
arrange for you to see him. When he
knows that you want him, he will come
to you quickly.”

  “Will he?” Helen Gordon’s voice
suddenly -rang with scorn, and Barry
thought of what she had said to him the
night before, when she had taken him
for Rutherford. “ I do not think he
would even trouble himself.”

  “ But you say you want to see him?”
Barry questioned.

  “ Because there is no one else. I do
not know what he could do, or whether
he would be willing to help us at all.
Perhaps I am letting my dislikes sway
my feelings. There is, I fear, nothing
to do but await my uncle’s recovery.
We may go back home then.”

  “ There is no one else to whom you
could appeal ? ” Barry asked.

  “ No one. I have always lived with
my uncle, except' when I was at college.”
“ There is the paper,” Barry suggest-
ed, “ which your uncle gave me. That
should be given to your cousin, should it
not? It said something about his des-
troying a package.”

  “ Yes,” her voice had grown lifeless
as well as tired; “ I suppose it should.”
She rose slowly.

  “ I will have to find him in somo way
and give it to him. Then I can ask him
if he will not take us away. I could go,
of course, but I must not leave my
uncle.”

  Barry rose slowly and stood, looking
down on his companion.

  “ Won’t you let me look up your

cousin for you? I have come into this
thing in an odd w'ay, but perhaps that
was intended.”

  “Intended?" Helen Gordon ques-
tioned in doubt.

  “ By Fate,” Barry smiled.

  The girl laughed and turned along
the path.

  “ Let us walk a way. I can think bet-
ter, perhaps.”

  They crossed the park and turned
down the road in the direction from
which she had come. After a little
w'hile Barry glanced at her.

  “ Don’t feel that I am too persistent,
or that I want to meddle, but I should
like to help you, if I may. I could find
your cousin and tell him what I have
done—I feel that I should do that—and
then arrange to have him meet you.”

  “ I don’t want to bother you, Mr. El-
lison. And I do not—please don’t mis-
understand me—want to bring a stranger
into my uncle’s affairs, when, perhaps,
I should not do so. I hope you will
understand? ”

  “ I do, Miss Gordon. Yet, I do feel
that I should find your cousin and tell
him what I have done. Don’t let the
point of bothering me make you hesitate.
I am naturally a bit interested, having
some curiosity; but, more than that, I
want to help you.”

 “Help me—why?”

  “ Because I think I should. I have
helped one side in this matter. Let me
be of some service to the other—yourself
—and thus offset what harm, if any, I
have done.”

  “ It is very good of you to offer.”

  “ It would be very good of you to let
me do something.”

  “ I have no one.” the girl spoke more
to herself than to Barry. “ I do not
really see what harm it could do.”

  “ It could do no harm at all,” Barry
put in. “ I will find your cousin and
just arrange for him to meet you. You
can talk with him and give him that bit
of paper. I will, of course, drop out
when you desire it; and, if it is neces-
sary to add, forget whatever I have
learned.”

  The girl did not answer for some
time. At last she turned to Barry and
inclined her head.

  “ I will accept your very kind offer,
HELEN OF TROUBLES.

647

Mr. Ellison, for I feel that 1 must see
my cousin, though I fear that it will
do no good.”

  “ It can do no harm.”

  “ No, but you will have a hard time
finding him. I do not know his ad-
dress.”

   “ I will get track of him just the same.
Oh, yes; tell me what are his habits—
that will help.”

  “Really, Mr. Ellison—” the girl
stopped. The look on her face was
one that indicated her displeasure at the
question.

   “ The reason I ask is that I saw a man
who looked a little like me to-day. Now,
to be frank with you, Miss Gordon, he
was with an individual who was pointed
out to me as a gambler. That is why
I asked the question.”

  “ I think that was the reason why my
uncle and cousin quarreled. Sometimes
Mr. Rutherford has gambled. I heard
my uncle say so.”

    And a description, if you can give
it,” he added.

  I'he girl turned and looked Barry-
over very carefully. “ I do not think
you look very much like him. My cousin
is as tall as you, and yet his face is
heavier. He has dark hair, while
yours—”

  “ Is red,” Barry laughed. “ It shows
my Irish ancestry.”

  For the first time since they had met
Helen Gordon broke into a light laugh.
It sounded far better to Barry than the
serious mood.

  “ Mr. Rutherford has a scar close to
his right eye. It is a little one, cres-
cent-shaped.”

   “ I’ll find him with that information,”
Barry said. “ And when I do, what
shall I say to him ? ”

  “ Tell him that I have a paper from
my uncle for him, and that I must sec
him.”

  “ And how shall 1 explain my connec-
tion in the matter ? ”

  The girl considered for a moment.
“ Would you mind just saying you were
an old friend; that you had known me
in the West? That may not be the best
thing to do, but 1 cannot think of any-
thing else now.”

  “ An old friend,” Barry smiled. “ I
will tell him that.”

  “ But how am I to see him ? ” the girl
suddenly demanded, turning on Barry.

  “ I’ll arrange for him to meet you any-
where you say.”

  Helen shook her head. “ I do not
know what to do about that. I want
to see him somewhere, where Miss Ro-
land would not be around.”

  “ Do you ever come to town?” Barry
questioned.

  The inquiry brought a bitter laugh to
Helen Gordon’s lips. Barry looked at
her in surprise.

  “ When I go to town. Miss Roland
goes along. They seem afraid to let me
out of their sight. I really think they
want to keep me and my cousin apart.”
“ All the more need for your meeting
him.”

  “ But I do not see how.”

  “ I think I can find your cousin to-
night. I have a feeling that the man I
saw to-day is Mr. Rutherford, and, if it
turns out that he is, I will see him before
morning.”

  “If I could see you then, to-mor-
row ? ”

  “ You say Miss Roland would come
to town with you?”

  “If I should say that I was going
shopping she would announce that she
had planned to go, and that I could go
with her in the car.”

  “ Tell her you do not care to do so.”
“ Then she or Mr. Hardston would
say that they must speak to Mr. Gordon.
When we first came to New York, my
uncle made me promise not to go out
without Miss Roland. He has straifge
ideas about a large city; really, he treats
me like a child. I put up with every-
thing rather^ than have him worried
while he is ill.”

  “ I tell you what you do,” Barry put
in quickly. “ Come in to-morrow with
Miss Roland, and when you are in some
large store slip away from her. I will
meet you somewhere and let you know
whether I have found your cousin or
not.”

  “ Oh, I should like to! ” the girl
cried eagerly, and Barry felt that she had
shown him more of her real self in that
one speech than in the whole conversa-
tion they had had. “ I should just like
to give her the slip and let her worry a
little.”
648

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

  “ We can do it,” Barry went on. “ You
go to some store where there is sure to
be a crowd. I’ll be there, and when
you get into the crowd about a counter, I
will step up and speak to Miss Roland.
She will, I dare say, be a bit surprised
to see me, and, while she is recovering,
you can slip out the side door. Take
Aniberg’s, on Twenty-First Street. When
you go out, walk across to Fifth Ave-
nue, and I will meet you there as soon
as I can get away from Miss Roland. It
won’t take me long.”

  The girl clapped her hands in delight.
“ That is fine. It will work nicely.
I will be ‘here about twelve o'clock.”

  “ And I will, I trust, have some news
of your cousin. I will try and arrange
to have you meet him that afternoon.”

  “ Y’ou do rush things through! ”
Helen exclaimed with a smile.

  She had stopped, and now held out
her hand.

  “ I turn off here and go through this
wood-path. It is all very kind of you,
Mr. Ellison. I do not know how I can
thank you.”

  “ Don’t try,” Barry laughed; “ you
are giving me a great deal of pleasure. I
assure you. But let me gp with you to
the house.”

  The girl shook her head.

  “ Michael is waiting for me down the
path. Good-by until to-morrow.”

  Barry took the little hand held out to
him.

  “ Good-by,” he said with a rare smile.
“ We will have the whole matter straight-
ened out in a day.”

  “ I feel as if we might—with your
help.” She looked into his eyes for just
a moment, and turned down the path.

  For a long time Barry stood silently
regarding, the spot where she had disap-
peared.

CHAPTER XIII.

THROUGH GUARDED WAVS.

  Finally he turned, and, with his
hands thrust deep down into his pockets,
moved slowly back along the road. By
the time he had passed Poe’s Park and
bestowed an amused smile upon the
white cottage across the way, he had
nodded twice at nothing, apparently.

  It was very evident that he was
amused; but it was an amusement
touched with real pleasure, and coupled
to it was a feeling of deep interest and
sympathy.

  At a corner store he found a tele-
phone, and, after calling a couple of
numbers, got in touch with Sam Her-
rick.

  Asking his friend to meet him at his
hotel in half an hour, Barry boarded
the Elevated and was on his way back
down-town. Curled up in a corner seat
he fell to a renewed consideration of the
whole affair.

  He did not feel that he had gained a
great deal of information from his talk
with Helen Gordon, but he did know
on which side his full sympathies were
enlisted. He even began to feel a little
jealous of Rutherford.

  When he found that individual, as he
had 110 doubt he would, he supposed that
he would have to drop out of the affair,
once and for all.. He could hardly see
what further need there would be for
him with Rutherford ready to help.
That part of the matter he did not like
in the least.

  He got down at Twenty-Third Streat
and hurried across town. Herrick was
waiting for him in the hotel lobby.

   “ Well,” his friend demanded, “ what’s
up? Y’our voice sounded over the phone
as if the affairs of nations depended
upon my meeting you.”

  Herrick was a little overlarge •— in
fact, rather fat—and his huge frame
shook when he chuckled.

  “ Hope I didn’t put you out by my
summons. It is a bit important, to my
way o’ thinking.” Barry lowered his
voice. “ Do you remember the woman
you pointed out to me at luncheon—Lee
Larson ? ”

  “ Sure.” Herrick’s small eyes nar-
rowed and he continued to laugh softly.

  “ Do you happen to know where her
establishment is?” Barry questioned.

  “ Did you keep me from going home
just because you wanted to take a fling
at the wheel? Nice reason.”

  “ There is a man who may be playing
there to-night. I just want to see if
he has a scar 011 his face,” Barry an-
swered carelessly.

  Herrick stopped chuckling.
HELEN OF

TROUBLES.

649

  “Oh! Scar — identification. Yes, I
know the way in. Want to go?”

  “ Now, what the dickens do you sup-
pose I’m asking questions for?” Barry
demanded with a laugh as he turned
away. “ Come on.”

  The two climbed into a taxicab, and
Herrick gave the driver his directions.

  “What’s up, Barry?” the older man
questioned as the cab started down-town.

  “ I want to find this man, the one
with the scar. I have an idea that we
saw him with Lee Larson to-day.”

  “ The fellow you thought looked like
you?” Herrick questioned.

  “That’s the one. If he has the scar
on his face, he must be the man I am
after. A friend of mine—an old friend
from the West ”—Barry laughed—“ is
anxious to have him looked up. If I
am right, I thought we might catch him
at Larson’s—wooing Dame Fortune.”
When the car came to a pause by the
Post-Office Building the two men got off.

  “ We walk the rest of the way,” Her-
rick suggested, turning down Broadway.

  Barry glanced about him as his friend
led the way down a street to the left.
The sidewalks were practically deserted,
and the two moved along side by side
at a brisk pace.

  “ 1 want to get my directions,” Barry
suggested, coming to a pause as they
made another turn around a corner. “ I
might want to come here again.”

  “ Lots of good it would do you,” Her-
rick laughed. “ You couldn’t get in.”

  “ Then you can introduce me to some
one when we do get in, so that I can
have entree hereafter.”

  Herrick chuckled again.

  “ I guess your man with a scar is a
fake. Did you acquire the gambling
habit while abroad?”

 “Poker—good American poker,”
Barry answered. “ I have limits — at
least, my pocketbook has.”

  They moved along a dark street to-
ward the East River, but finally made
another turn—to the right this time—
and Herrick stopped.

  “ Do you see that old hotel ? ” he ques-
tioned, pointing across the street. “ That
is the front door.”

  “ It doesn’t look very promising,” was
Barry's only comment as they crossed
toward it.

  Mounting the half - dozen steps that
led up from the sidewalk and pushing
aside heavy doors, they stood in a small,
square hallway. There was a door
across from the entrance; on the right
was a small opening in the wall, which
had evidently at one time served as the
office; but had, since the days when the
building was used as a hotel, been partly
boarded up.

  As they paused an instant a head ap-
peared at the opening on the right, and
two sharp eyes regarded them closely.
Herrick made a sign, the head nodded,
and instantly disappeared. The two
went in.

  Herrick pushed open the door on the
opposite side of the lobby. A narrow
hall, that seemed to have no end, led
away into the semidarkness. Down it
they walked. The way twisted and
turned; two more doors were passed; a
short flight of steps mounted.

  “ It’s a regular labyrinth,” Barry mut-
tered.

  Herrick laughed back over his shoul-
der and pushed open the third door.
They entered a fairly large, well-lighted
room. Across one end stretched a long
bar, with stained mirrors behind it.

  A man of huge frame leaned upon it,
and, as they came forward, he regarded
them silently. His costume was the con-
ventional garb of a bartender. His face
was heavy and dark, his hands tremen-
dously large and powerful.

  Herrick nodded.

  “ Guess we will have a winged cock-
tail, Joe,” he suggested. “ Might serve
it in the clouds.”

  The countenance of the man changed
instantly. His little narrow slits of eyes
narrowed still more—but with a smile—
and his black - cropped head nodded
agreement.

  “ Winged, to be sure, sir,” he assented
in a deep bass voice. “ Pick out the in-
gredients yourselves, gentlemen.”

  Herrick turned to’look at his friend,
expecting to note some expression of
surprise at the mention of such a drink.
But Barry was waiting patiently, and
the look on his face was as though the
conversation was the most ordinary in the
world.

  Herrick turned back to the man.

  “ Guess we will, Joe. We’ll look the
650

f

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

five barrels over twice, and sound each
one six times. Rub-a-dub-dub! Five—
two—six—three. Crisscross in a circle.”

  Instantly the man dived down behind
the bar, and Barry followed Herrick
around the end.

  The bartender had straightened, and
his hands began to touch the beer-cocks.
The faint buzz of an electric-bell sound-
ed across the room. The fifth beer-cock
was touched—Barry was watching the
man’s movements with far more interest
than his face indicated—then the second,
next the sixth, and finally the third.
Then Herrick stepped forward and be-
gan pressing first one, then another, of a
row of buttons on the top of the bar.

  When he stepped back they all three
waited until the electric-buzzer sounded
again. Then Joe stooped down, and
with a push shoved three heavy boxes
that were under the. bar to one side.
Straightening, he touched a button on
the wall. Again the buzzer sounded,
and with a faint click the floor under
the bar where the three boxes had
stood slid back. Turning, Joe touched
an electric-switch, and the opening was
flooded with light from below.

  A flight of stairs led down, and, with a
“ Pleasant evening and good luck, gen-
tlemen!” from 'Joe, the two descended.
As they reached the bottom the floor over
their heads slid back into place.

  “A very nice arrangement,” Barry
suggested as they reached the bottom of
the stairs.

  “ And we must go on,” Herrick added.
“ No one ever comes out this way. You
can get in, if you know the code; but
you can’t get out.”

  “ ‘ Can’t get out ’ sounds ominous,”
Barrv laughed.

  “ There is another way, of course.” •

  “ I trust so.”

  A long hall was before them, and they
walked along side by side.

  “ Like Alice in Wonderland,” Barry
mused. “ We should find a very beauti-
ful garden at the end.”

  “ It’s beautiful enough,” Herrick
chuckled. “ And it ought to be, consid-
ering what is dropped in here every
night.”

  At the end of the hall was a heavy
door, upon which they knocked. In-
stantly a panel in the upper part slid

back, and Herrick stepped to the open-
ing. For a minute or two he held con-
versation with the attendant on the other
side.

  Finally he turned and beckoned to
Barry.

  “ Put your face up to the opening,” he
said. “ They want to have a look at
you.”

  Barry did as he was directed and re-
ceived the careful scrutiny of the man
on the opposite side. At last the other
nodded.

  “ Step back, if you please, sir,” the
man said, and Barry moved away from
the opening.

  The panel slipped into place, and in
an instant the heavy iron door swung
out. With a nod to the doorman, they
passed through and went on down the
hall.

  The way was carpeted now and hand-
somely decorated, while masked lights
shed their soft rays. On the walls were
large paintings; here and there a palm
stood in a handsome jardiniere, and
bronzes were in each nook.

  “I judge we are inside now?" Barry
questioned.

  “ Yes,” Herrick agreed as they passed
up two steps. “ Here is the elevator.
We will be in the house proper in a
moment.”

  They got out on the second floor,
and Herrick nodded to the attendant.
“ Sha’n’t play to-night,” he said. “ You
caji get us a couple of cigars.”

  “ Where is the wheel ? ” Barry asked.

  “ In there.” His friend nodded to-
ward a back room. “ We can wander
round. Your man will be somewhere on
this floor, or on the one above, if he is
here at all.”

  They walked about slowly, watching
the different games which were in prog-
ress, and finally came to the large room
at the back where the roulette-wheel was
being courted.

  As they stopped in the doorway, Bar-
ry touched Herrick lightly on the arm.
“ There he is. It is much easier than I
thought.”

  “ That is certainly the man we saw at
luncheon,” Herrick nodded.

  The one in question was tall and heav-
ily built. Dressed in faultless evening
clothes, he stood directly before the rou-
HELEN OF TROUBLES.

651

lette-wheel, and the crowd about him in-
dicated that he was the center of attrac-
tion at the table.

  Barry pulled a bill out of his pocket
and pushed into the crowd at the man’s
right. Tossing the money on the table,
he named his color and glanced up at
the other. He was not at all surprised
to see a faint bluish scar close to the
Tight eye. It was crescent-shaped, as
Helen Gordon had said.

  Without paying any attention to the
result of the fall of the wheel, other than
to note he had lost, Barry turned back
to Herrick.

  “ He’s my man! He’s got the scar! ”

  “ Sit here, then,” Herrick said. “ We
will have to wait until he gets tired.
You can’t speak to him while he’s play-
ing.”

  They found two chairs in an alcove
that commanded a good view of the
room, and waited for over an hour before
the man they were watching showed any
inclination of tiring.

  At last he turned with a sour smile on
his lips.

  “ No luck to-night," he laughed.

  “ It may change soon,” some one sug-
gested.

  “ No,” the man shook his head, “ it
doesn’t work that way with me. I might
have known it. It’s Friday. I never
can win on Friday."

  He turned toward the hall, and Barry
and Herrick got up. Stepping ahead
quickly, Barry caught up with him as
he turned toward the stairs.

  “May I have a word with you?” he
questioned.

  The man paused, one hand on the stair-
rail, and looked Barry over with a cold
stare.

  “ I don’t think I have ever had the
pleasure,” he .began.

  “ No, I don’t think you ever have,”
Barry agreed in his most winning man-
ner. “ I can explain in a few words,
■Mr. Rutherford.”

  “What’s that?” the other demanded,
stepping back like a shot. “ What name
is that?”

  His face went white, while the hand
resting on the bannister trembled.

  “Am I not right?” Barry questioned.
“ I understood that your name was Mr.
Rutherford.”

  “ Well, you understood wrong—do you
hear me ?—wrong! ”

  Without another word, he turned and
hurried down the stairs.

CHAPTER XIV.

SUPPOSE.

  Beckoning to Herrick, Barry leaned
over the bannisters to watch the man as
he hurried down the stairs and turned
toward the back rooms on the second
floor.

  “ You say there is but one way out ? ”
Barry demanded.

  “ Yes, only one, so far as I know.
Why?”

  “ Let’s get our hats. Come on."

  Herrick followed Barry to the floor
below; and there securing their hats,
they turned toward the door. As they
were about to pass out an attendant
stepped up to them.

  “ You just spoke to a gentleman at
the head of the stairs?” the man ques-
tioned.

  “ Yes,” Barry agreed, turning quickly.
His glance traveled down the hall, and
he thought he caught sight of a figure,
which moved quickly out of sight, as he
looked up.

  “ The gentleman says that he will see
you outside in a few minutes,” the at-
tendant answered.

  “Very good,” Barry nodded. “Just
say that I will wait for him.”

  The way out was not quite as com-
plicated as the way in, although it was
nearly as far, through hallways and up
and down stairs.

  “No one knows how many houses are
used,” Herrick remarked.

  “ One. perhaps,” Barry laughed. He
was in a particularly good-humor, for he
felt very certain that he had found his
man. “ We may be going round and
round in a circle.”

  At last they reached the street, and
Barrv started across toward the other
side.

  “ We’ll wait over here in the shadow
until he comes out.”

  “ He is your man, then?” Herrick de-
manded.

  “ He says not, but the way he said it
convinces me that he is. And then his
652

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

sending word that he would meet me out
here must mean that he is the one 1 am
after.”

  The street was deserted. Row upon
row of what had at one time been old
residences, but were now dirty lofts, with
narrow entrances, lined both sides. The
two men stepped into a doorway, from
which they could command a view of
the exit to Lee Larson’s place,, and
waited.

  Finally the door across the way
opened and a man stepped out. He
glanced up and down the street, hesi-
tated an instant, and then moved across
the sidewalk to the curb. Barry and
Herrick came out of the shadow and
started across the street.

  For a moment the man watched them ;
then, turning, he moved slowly away.
Without attempting to catch up with
him, the two followed.

  At the corner of the street the one in
the lead stopped, and Barry, moving
ahead of Herrick, stepped up to his side.

  “ If you are sure I’m the man you
want to talk to, follow me, will you?
I may be watched.”

  One word tumbled over the other as
the speech was delivered, and almost be-
fore the last few words had been uttered
the speaker had started ahead again.

  With a shrug of his shoulders and a
smile at the strangeness of the other’s
request, Barry waited until Herrick
joined in; then together they went along
after the man.

  “ I think the whole lot of them must
be crazy,” Barry remarked in a low
voice, adding quickly, “ except one.”

  “ We are getting into a bad neighbor-
hood for this time of night,” Herrick
counseled.

  “ The deuce you say! ” Barry laughed.
“ Well, we had better run into some-
thing—good or bad—pretty soon. Every
one seems to find it necessary to take me
to the end of nowhere before they can
tell me anything, and then no one says
a word that sheds any light on any mat-
ter. It beats chasing will-o’-the-wisps.”

  “So you are chasing something?”
Herrick questioned.

  Barry nodded, and they followed
round a corner and very nearly ran over
their leader, so abruptly had he stopped.

  “Well?” the man demanded as they

stepped back, a little startled. “ What is
it? You can talk to me here, I guess,
as well as anywhere else. I don’t know
you, and how the dickens you know who
I am 1 can’t say.”

  His tone was a deep growl and his
manner rather ugly; but Barry, for some
reason, set that down to a desire to hide
his real feeling of anxiety.

  Assuming a tone that was calculated
to appease, Barry, spoke :

  “ Y'es, I can say all I have to say right
here; but, of course, I want to be sure
1 am talking to .Mr. Rutherford.”

  “ Well, let her go. I guess you won’t
make any mistake.”

  “ Very well, then,” Barry went on.
“ What I want to say is this: Your uncle
is very ill. Your cousin, Miss Gordon,
wants to see you. She has a paper for
you from your uncle, and she wants to
ask you some questions about Miss Ro-
land and Mr. Hardston.”

  Rutherford waited until the other
was through, and then his expression
changed to a broad smile.

  “ You and the whole lot of them can
go straight to the deuce. My compli-
ments to my pretty cousin. As for that
little sneaking-dwarf—may he get what
he deserves, and let it be hot. As for
Miss Roland? Oh, you can say ‘ by-by ’
to her from me. Impress upon her the
fact that it is ‘ by-by ’ for good.”

  Barry peered sharply at the other. It
suddenly occurred to him that the man
was intoxicated.

 “How about your uncle?” Barry
questioned.

  He remembered now that Helen Gor-
don had said that she did not think her
cousin would do anything, but certainly
he had not expected to meet with such a
manner of indifference. He watched the
other closely.

 “Uncle Ben?” Rutherford ques-
tioned. “ Say ”—he tapped Barry on
the shoulder—“ I judge that you come
from Helen, so I don’t mind talking to
you. Come round the corner with your
friend, will you? We can sit down and
go over it a bit.”

  They started off again, Rutherford a
little in the lead. The man walked
steadily enough, and Barry decided that
lie had been wrong in thinking him un-
der the influence of liquor.
HELEN OF

TROUBLES.

653

  With Rutheford for their guide, they
passed through a dark and narrow door-
way and down a long hall to a small
room at the rear. The place was quite
deserted, but with some noise Ruther-
ford roused a waiter and gave his order.

  “ Sit down.” He waved his hand at
the chair and tossed a cigarette-case onto
the table. “ Make yourselves comfort-
able. We can talk here without trouble
and have it all out.

  “ Do you know,” he turned to Barry,
“ I am rather glad you came. I can
send all my messages through you and
not have to bother to go out there. Not
that I would.” He shook his head as he
put the match to his cigarette. “ Oh,
110! Not for worlds. I wouldn’t go out
there again.”

  He looked at Barry out of the corners
of his eyes, and seemed to find a good
deai of amusement in his remark. In
fact, he appeared to be in a most excel-
lent frame of mind.

  “ But to go out there, as you put it,”
Barry replied, “ is the very thing I want
you to do. That is, I want you to see
your cousin. She will come to town and
meet you.”

  Rutherford shook his head.

  “ Oh, no, she won’t! I have washed
my hands of the whole business, and I
will not do a single thing. Let them
fight it out among themselves. I want
nothing to do with the invention. No
unknown force for mine.”

  Barry was considerably taken aback
by the other’s pointblank refusal. Her-
rick sat by, an interested listener, his
round, jovial face composed for once.

  “ 1 don’t know a thing about this mat-
ter, Mr. Rutherford, beyond the fact that
your cousin, Miss Helen Gordon, is trou-
bled and in need of help.”

  Rutherford drew deeply 011 his ciga-
rette and nodded.

  “ You look able-bodied, and she’s not
a bad sort—though not my kind. Helen
is too conscientious. She likes to hustle
too much, though she can be good fun.”
“ You should help her, then,” Barry
urged.

 “ My dear fellow,” Rutherford
laughed, “ in my judgment she is not be-
yond helping herself. And she has got
Uncle Ben.”

  “ He is ill, and wants to see you.”

  Rutherford nodded.

  “ Sick, is he ? Sorry to hear that, but
it comes of his dealing with that villain
Hardston. He blessed me fine when I
told him to look out—you see, I never
did like the cuss—and then he got a bit
suspicious himself. We had a set-to
over that—in a way.” Rutherford be-
gan to laugh softly. “ But it wasn’t
Uncle Ben’s fault so much; I don’t
blame him. Fact,” he went on with
great candor, “ I’m not the kind to lay
it up against any one.”

  “ Then you should go and patch up
the quarrel,” Barry urged. “ Really, I
think you owe it to your uncle and cousin
to do so.”

  Herrick, who had been studying Ruth-
erford with a good deal of interest,
glanced at Barry. It seemed to him that
his friend’s suggestions were rather per-
sonal, and he looked each moment for
the other, whom he understood Barry
had never met before, to take offense.
Instead, Rutherford seemed to be enjoy-
ing the whole affair and not at all loath
to talk.

  “ Patch up the quarrel,” Rutherford
repeated with a shake of his head. “ No,
thank you. You don’t seem to under-
stand that I quarreled with my uncle on
purpose. I wanted him to get mad at
me. That was why I kept hitting at
Hardston. When he got suspicious
himself and asked me to look the thing
up for him, why, I just laughed at him—
to make him angry, you understand—and
I did.”

  Barry looked at the man before him,
who spoke so indifferently, in some doubt.

  “ Why in the world did you want him
to get angry with you ? ” he finally de-
manded.

  Rutherford began to laugh as he
flicked his cigarette carelessly. Then,
with a lifting of his eyebrows and in the
most indifferent way in the world, he
replied:

  “ Because I didn’t want him to make
me his heir.”

  Both Herrick and Barry burst out
laughing, and Rutherford looked up at
them in astonishment.

  “ Sure as gospel; ” and then to Barry:
“ You ought to be able to guess why.”

  “ I tell you, Mr. Rutherford, I know
nothing about this affair, so how should
654

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

\

I know what you mean?” For the first
time Barry had become suspicious of the
other’s apparent frankness, and was par-
tially of the opinion that Rutherford was
amusing himself at his expense.

  “Don’t know anything about it?”
Rutherford questioned, drawing his chair
close to the table and laying a hand on
Barry’s arm. “ Say, would you want
a thing willed to you that half a dozen
other people wanted, and might murder
you to get?”

  “ Murder you! ” Barry exclaimed.
Rutherford leaned back and nodded in
the most solemn manner imaginable.
“ How' in the world does such a condi-
tion enter into your helping your
cousin ? ”

  “ Any one who mixes up in this mat-
ter is likely to get his throat cut. So I
am showing more sense than I ever
thought I had, and dropping the whole
business."

  “ Would you mind explaining what
you mean?” Barry questioned.
Rutherford leaned forward again.

  “ You know that my uncle has discov-
ered an unknown force that knocks the
spots off of electricity and steam—a con-
centrated energy in a quinin pill ? ”

  “ I have the newspaper accounts of
the matter, and I also have your uncle’s
statement that his discovery was not per-
fected.”

  “His letter to the papers?” Ruther-
ford nodded with a laugh. “ That was
a blind. Just about the time he wrote
that letter he began to get suspicious of
that little dwarf friend of his. That is
why he wrote the letter.”

  “It w'as Hardston then whom he
asked you to look up ? ” Barry demanded.

  “ I should think it was. He wanted
me to go chasing round after some infor-
mation, and 1 cut it because I wouldn’t
get mixed up in the matter.”

  “ But where does the throat - cutting
business come in?”

  “ Uncle Ben wanted to give me this
discovery. There are a lot of papers and
stuff, and he wanted me to take them.
He said he didn’t want to bother with
the thing. The way he put it was that
he had worked it out, and knew it would
do all he claimed for it. With that he
was content. He just wanted me to
have it.- I could make millions out of

it, and I was to give Helen half. I’m
not for making millions—that way.”

  “ Why? ” Herrick spoke for the first
time.

  “Why have millions and pass in? I
need millions, to be sure; but I would
rather just worry along with the few
thousands I have and keep a whole skin.”
“ But,” Barry interposed, “ if you had
this secret, it would be surety for your
life.”

  Rutherfordshook his head.

  “ I’m safe as long as I haven’t it. If
I had it, I’d have to prove it was per-
fected to make any money out of it,
wouldn’t I?”*

  “ Yes,” Barry nodded.

  “ Well, what do you. suppose would
happen to me then? That cursed little
lawyer would not rest content until he
had got it out of me. He wouldn't lie
satisfied, either, with just gettirig it.
He’d cut my throat to be sure he would
have it all alone — and some one else
would help him, I’m thinking,” Ruther-
ford ended slowly.

  Barry stared at the other in aston-
ishment.

  “ You are not serious?” he demanded.
“ Well, I guess. I won’t mix up in the
thing at all.”

  “ Tell me,” Barry leaned over the
table; he was puzzled at what he had
learned, “ how this prevents you from
going to your uncle and making up your
quarrel, and thus helping him and your
cousin ? ”

  Rutherford drew a deep sigh.

  “ If I made up my quarrel with Uncle
Ben, he would leave me all his papers.
I would have this unknown force on my
hands and Hardston on my trail. Some
morning the newspapers would tell about
my passing in—poison or a knife.”

  “ That would result from your quarrel
being made up with your uncle! You
might be killed. But if that didn’t hap-
pen, which I am frank to say to you,
Mr. Rutherford, I do not believe, Hard-
ston would get this secret, and neither
you nor Miss Gordon would benefit by it.
Am I right?”

  “If my quarrel w-as made up, which
it won’t be,” Rutherford nodded.

  Barry got up and stood looking down
on the other.

  “ Suppose,” he spoke very slowly,
THE CONQUEROR’S FLIGHT.

655

Hardston or Miss Roland got some one,
that looked a bit like you, to go to your
uncle, and, making him believe it was
you, thus patched up the quarrel. What
then? ’’

  Rutherford waved his hand to Barry
in disdain.

   “ It couldn’t be done.”

  “But suppose it had been done?”
Barry urged.

  “ Well,” Rutherford’s brow wrinkled
up in perplexity, “ I don’t know. If
they did fool Uncle Ben that way, I sup-
pose he would leave the thing to me.
Hardston might kill Uncle Ben then, and
he could forge enough papers to get the
invention into his hands. If he thought
I was in his way, he’d end me, I dare
say, and then—oh, the dickens, you can’t
tell what will happen when you begin to
suppose.”

   “ Well, you’d better begin to find out,”
Barry broke in sharply. “ They have
done’ it.”

  For an instant Rutherford stared at
Barry. Then he started to smile, stopped,
and his face grew white.

  “ What the deuce do you mean ? ” he
cried.

  “ Just what I say,” Barry replied
quickly. “ Last night a man went out
to Hardston’s. He looked a little like
you, and he made up your quarrel for
you. He fooled your uncle, and he even
gave your uncle to understand that some
one was all right; that he need not be

(To b * eo

 worried; that, in fact, he had looked
 a matter up and found nothing. Do you
 understand now ? ”

   Rutherford drew his glass to him and
 he drained its contents at one gulp. All
 the time his eyes were fastened on Barry’s
 face, and into them had come a look
 such as a whipped and cringing dog
 might have, when terribly frightened.

   “Understand?” Barry questioned
 again.

   He was startled to think of what his
 act might mean. He could not, would
 not, believe it was as bad as painted by
 Rutherford, and yet there would evident-
 ly be some result from it. If nothing
 more, he had perhaps done that which
 would deprive the rightful owners, by
 discovery or inheritance, of the benefits
 to come to them from Benjamin Gordon’s
 discovery.

   Rutherford leaned across the table and
 forced a laugh.

   “ You are a joke. How could any
 one do it? ”

   “ But they did. I did it. Look at
 me. In the dark I could pass for you
 when 110 one had reason to be suspicious.
 I changed my voice. I did it.”

   For an instant Rutherford stared at
 Barry and then with a roar lie bounded
 to his feet.

   He was no longer the same man, gar-
 rulous and indifferent, but one charged
 with madness and wild anger.

   Like a shot he leaped forward.

a t i n u e d . )

THE CONQUEROR'S FLIGHT.

                By George W. Wilson.

 ^BOUT two fathers who, fear-
 ing their children wouldn’t
 obey, pretended not to allow it.

IT was dark on the terrace; still
darker on the lawn and at the
beach. Gordon Trent, standing in
the shadow of one of the huge
palms, gazed moodily out into the niglit.

  At the other end of the terrace,
where the Japanese lanterns still flick-
ered fitfully in the wind, a girl paused
a moment and turned back.

  The last guests were departing, a few
intimate friends remaining for a rubber
and a cold bottle from the darkest corner
of the famous Burr vaults.

 The man sank into a chair and
w’aited.

  “ It’s a bitter pill to have to see her
like this, when there isn’t any reason but
656

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

 an old man’s silly notion. A mythical
 family skeleton, so old its dust is be-
 yond microscopic visibility.”

   He sighed and lit a cigarette. A half-
 hour dragged slowly by. A distant
 church clock struck—

   Slowly—as with time grown weary—
   Twelve deliberate strokes in all.

   Another half-hour passed.

   A cloor behind him opened softly. A
 faint stream of light fell across the ter-
 race and vanished as Rosaline Burr
 closed the door after her.

   “ Sweetheart! ”

   Gordon rose eagerly.

   She came toward him slowly; a sad,
 tired little smile gave an added charm
 to the beautiful face.

  “Why did you come?”

   “ The same old reason.”

   “ And it’s just as useless.”

   “ I’m not surprised.”

   She sat down in the chair he drew
 for her. “ Terrier ” jumped upon the
 table beside her, and she idly stroked
 his ears in silence. The man railed at
 the darkness, straining his eyes, longing
 for even a fleeting glimpse of the dear
 face.

   “ We’re going abroad Saturday. Leave
 here to-morrow.”

   She did not look at him. She knew
 how the pain would show in his dark
 eyes. She at least could partly spare
 herself that.

   “ And you’d have gone without letting
 me know? Left me to read it in the
 papers? ”

   “Wouldn’t it.have been better?”

   “ Possibly. I’d have followed you, in
 any case. May I ask whose idea this
 sudden departure is?”

   “ Father’s. ” I acquiesced.

   Gordon smiled.

   “ I thought so. Suggested when ? ”

   “ Discussed some time. Decided last
 Thursday.”

   “ The decision is final? ”

   “ Absolutely.”

  “ How long are you going to be
 gone? ”

   “ Indefinitely.”

   “ Do you want to go? ”

   “ No.”

   “ Then it was not your decision ? ”

 “ Partly. I’m going from a sense of
 —let us say—”

 “Being bullied into it,” he put in.
 “If you like,” she shrugged.

 “ Your father’* idea evidently is—
 ‘ Out of sight, out of mind.’ ”

 “ Possibly.”

 “At all events, he thinks you will get
 over loving me if he keeps you away
 long enough. What is your theory?”
 There was a little anxiety in his tone.
 “ I have none.”

 Gordon smiled. The answer did not
 surprise him; it was characteristically
 noncommittal.

 “ Why do you let him bully you into
 these things?” he asked presently.

 “ It hasn’t been all bully. I have
 thought he was right.”

 “Now?” he questioned, eager hope
 in his voice.

 “ I’m beginning now to think he is
 mistaken. We discussed the subject this
 afternoon.”

 “Stormy?” he inquired.

 “ About as usual. He said rather moro
 hateful things about you.”

 “ For instance? ”

 “ I was throwing myself away; that
 you love me now because you do not
 possess me. Afterward it would be the
 same old story—there would be other
 women. I’d end up in the divorce
 court.”

 She spoke calmly, as though repeat-
 ing old facts, threadbare with discus-
 sion.

 “Anything else?”

 “ Nothing I care to repeat, except he
 asked if you had ever kissed me.”

 “ Yes? ” There was a quick catch in
 his breath, a thrill in the rich voice.

 “ I didn’t tell him the truth.”
 “Why?” The wicker-chair arm
 creaked beneath his merciless grip.

 “ Because that belonged absolutely to
 me.”

 Gordon stared steadily at the two
 lamps on the dock, trying vainly to
 crush back the memory of that mo-
 ment.

 “ What steamer are you sailing on?”
 he asked unsteadily after a silence.

 “Do you think that is kind?”

 “No, it’s brutal — but I’ve decided
 brutality is my only hope.”

 “If you told that to some one else,
THE CONQUEROR’S FLIGHT.

657

 they might believe it. I couldn’t. No
 matter how much you might want any-
 thing— even me — you would not be
 brutal about it.”

   “ Then you think I have a few re-
 deeming graces?” he laughed.

   “ Several. You are mercifully con-
 siderate, and you can be trusted. That
 is why I granted your request to-night
 —and saw' you.”

   “ Rosaline,” he said after a long si-
 lence. “ We have loved each other two
 years. Your father has continually re-
 fused his consent to our engagement
 simply because my dad is an inventor
 and an aeronaut, and, therefore, con-
 sidered by him a fool; and there is
 some family feud so antediluvian no
 one knows just what it is.”

   “ Some antiquated ancestor of your
 ^father’s stole the idea for a shade-
 roller from father’s ancestor,” she in-
 terrupted with mock dignity.

   “ Imaginary! ” he scoffed.

   “ Still, there is war to the death be-
 tween the two houses. Your father
 doesn’t want you to marry the daughter
 of a broker ayy more than my father
 wants me to marry the son of an in-
 ventor,” she reminded him.

   “ Granted. Your father is down on
 me because I’ve never been brought up
 to work, had no business training, and
 just lived the average life of the son
 of a man of wealth and position. I
 can quite understand his attitude in
 some things, and why you have listened
 to him.

   “ He has pointed out to you that a
 man who can’t earn his salt is not capa-
 ble of taking care of a wife. That if
 my dad should lose the family millions
 in some pipe-dream, as your father calls
 these ventures of dad’s, you’d starve be-
 fore I could earn enough to buy bread.
 As to my past life, which he condemns,
 I have met and gone with men and
 women who, 1 will admit, were not all
 they might have been.

   “ Still, I have not followed their ex-
 ample, or ever done anything I am
 ashamed of. I have never asked you
 to marry me without your father’s con-
 sent; but to-night I feel that the situa-
 tion is hopeless. Sweetheart, let us take
 things in our own hands. Be married,
 and end this living hell for both.”

     6	S

  “ Madness — thy name is Gordon
Trent! ” she mocked.

  He struck a match quickly and held
it above her face. The black eyes be-
lied the mock in her voice. They closed
slowly—the match sputtered—went out.

  “If I did that,” she spoke slowly
and with an effort, “'I should go to
you a pauper.”

  He leaned forward, holding out his
arms eagerly.

  “ Then come—I want just you! ”

  She took his hand, and, rising, moved
to the little swinging seat.

  “ Don’t make it harder for me, dear.
I feel to-night 1 cannot bear much
more. If I had not known your
strength, known how completely I can
trust you, and myself with you—I could
not have seen you—and gone to-mor-
row. I love you more than ever in .my
life, just because you have never asked
me to do this. I told dad that to-day.”
“And it didn’t help my cause?” he
laughed.

  “ He said he would thrash you with-
in an inch of your life if he caught
you.”

  “ The desire is mutual.”

  “ And impossible from your side.”

  “ Oh, quite; but I can’t give you up.
He’s got to let me have you. Let me
see him.”

  “ Useless, dear. In the first place,
he wouldn’t see you, and, in the sec-
ond, he wouldn’t give in, nor would
your father, either.”

  “ Then let’s elope; it’s the only way.
In spite of your father’s idea as to my
ability to earn a living, if the gods,
fate, and you aren’t all~ against me, I
can. I’ve been working,” he added
quietly, for the last five months.”

  “ Gordon ! — where ? ” she cried.
“Why didn't you tell me?”

  “ In dad’s shop, on the place. A
mechanic—forty a week. I couldn’t
afford automobiles, pearl-girdles, or
that sort of thing; but I can give you
a home, and love you with—”

  “ Simons, Simons, where is Miss Ro-
saline?” an irate voice thundered.

  The girl sprang' to her feet; the
man rose slowly.

  “ It’s father; he’s missed me. Go—
quick! ” she whispered, trying to push
him toward the terrace steps.
658	THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

  With a low, exultant laugh, he
caught her in his arms.

   “ Not alone.”

   “ Please! ” she implored.

  Gordon shook his head.

   “ Rosaline ! Rosaline ! ”

  The voice was coming nearer. A
light down the terrace was switched on.

  “Who the deuce is there?” stormed
old Mr. Burr as he limped along.

   “ Gordon, please — I can’t bear his
ranting to-night,” she pleaded broken-
ly. “ I’ll come—to you—later.”

  “ Now is our only chance, dear
heart.”

  She threw a frightened glance over
her shoulder at the figure approaching.

   A muffled explosion; the steady whir
of a powerful engine.

  “ Oh, I- thought as much—darn your
young insolence! ” shouted the old man
as he tried to hasten his steps. “ I’ll
be rid of you to-morrow for good and
all, you young cub; and before I go
I’ll tar and feather you!”

   “ Gordon, it’s almost here! ” Rosa-
line’s arms tightened around his neck.
“ I—I can’t go—ask him—” she plead-
ed piteously.

  “ Mr. Burr, won’t you relent and
give Rosaline to me?”

  “You brazen young cub! I never
heard such insolence! ” the old gentle-
man shouted, his face purple with rage.
“Give you my daughter. No!” he
roared.

   Rosaline looked over her shoulder.

   “ Come! ”

  She broke from Gordon’s embrace,
caught up the evening coat from the
back .of a chair, and ran down the
steps to the waiting car.

   It started almost before she was in.
Gordon leaped into the rumble, and,
like a thing possessed, the car raced
through the night, followed by a dupli-
cate fiend.

  “ They’re catching us, Thorne; hit
her up for the Conqueror’s shed! ”
Gordon shouted to his chauffeur as he
clung to the seat.

  A gray flash, a cloud of dust, and
the car shot like a meteor through the
' east gate of the Trent estate, past the
garage, around the bend out on a cin-
der track.

   “Hit her up; they’re still coming!”

  Half the circle was made, through
another gate, down a narrow lane, into
a strip of wood, out and across a
meadow. A long siren shriek rent the
air. Down at the edge of the inlet,
two white lights flashed twice.

  “Give her some more, Thorne!”
Gordon urged, his voice hoarse with
excitement.

  “ Can’t, sir; she’s gone the limit.”
The big car rocked and swayed as it
bounded along the uneven road, and
the girl clung with nervous strength to
the seat. Once she turned a white face
to the man leaning over the back.
“We’ll be there in a minute,' dear.”
“Where are we going?”

  “To the sky; where they can’t fol-
low. There’s only one Conqueror! ”
he answered grimly.

  The bark of a revolver sounded above
the roar of the machine. The big car
swerved violently, leaped back into the
roadway, and tore on.

  “ The tire ! ” Gordon groaned. “ The
old Tartar is a good shot,” he added
aloud. “ But tires are expensive targets
at any time, and it won’t hurt them to
lose a few.”

  Leaning far out over the rear of his
car, Gordon drew a small box from his
pocket, strewing its contents in a broad
path across the road.	v

  Sharp, ear-splitting explosion after
explosion followed in quick succession.
The pursuing car still came on.

  Rosaline closed her eyes in an agony
of suspense and fear. They had lost.
There would be a scene; she would
take that ride again with her father—
and to-morrow—she moaned at the
thought.

  The speed of the car slackened al-
most suddenly. It was still under head-
way as Gordon leaped to the ground
and almost lifted her out.

  “ Run for it, sweetheart.” he cried as
he caught the two suit-cases that, al-
ready, willing hands had unstrapped
from the car.

  “ This way, Miss Burr,” a voice
called from out the shadow.

  As she ran, Rosaline saw with throb-
bing pulse the dim outline of the great
dirigible air-ship. A dense shadow
among the blur of shadows. She ran
lightly up the few steps of the ladder,
THE CONQUEROR’S FLIGHT.

659

and with a sense of unutterable relief
stepped over the side into the basket.

  “ Lively there, boy! ”

  Gordon paused, one foot on the lad-
der, the other in the basket, peering
down through the darkness to catch a
glimpse of the dear familiar face.

 “Dad—you here?”

  A hand reached' up and grasped his.
That was all. Already, the propellers
were revolving with a roar that drowned
all but their master’s voice.

  “Cast oft!”

  Slowly, and with the grace of an
eagle, the huge air-ship rose majestic-
ally. Higher, higher it soared; swung
in a long, splendid circle out over the
dark waters of the Sound, and shot off
eastward over the tree-tops.

  “ Stop them ; I say, stop them ! ” bel-
lowed old Cyrus Burr as the disabled
car limped up to the shed. “ How
dare you aid and abet such rascality!”
He thumped the floor of the car with
his cane—literally gaspipg in his rage.

 The elderly man in mechanic’s
clothes looked after the rapidly vanish-
ing green and red lights.

  “ If I’d been able to fly, I wouldn’t
have killed two horses in one night,”
'he remarked, more to himself than in
answer to the question.

 “Did ifou run away, too?” Mr.
Burr’s tone was more peaceful.

  “ Yes, I married the woman I loved
the same as my boy’s going to, and
just as you did.”

  “ Then, sir, why didn’t you let him
marry her?” raged old Burr.

  “ I knew he would, if he loved her.
I wanted to find out. That is why I
refused my consent, and later, when he
asked again, cut off his allowance. I
thought that was a pretty sure way to
find out if it was the lasting kind.”

  “ Then, sir,” old Burr sputtered,
“ you knew they intended to elope.”

  “ Purely accidental,” Mr. Trent an-
swered with an amused smile. 11 I came
down here to the laboratory after din-
ner, and overheard Gordon talking to
Rosaline’s maid and his chauffeur,
Thorne. The maid promised to pack
a suit-case and see that Thorne got it;
the men in the shop promised to have
the. Conqueror ready for an instant's
flight. So I just stayed round to see
that everything was O. K. and see them
off.

  “ The boy knew you would give
chase if you found out, so it was ar-
ranged that if you followed they were
to make for the air-ship, and, once
there, they had you. He went over in
his car just about the time your din-
ner guests were leaving, so the arrival
of an automobile would naturally not
rouse any suspicions. You know the
rest. Pretty clever, I thought.”

  “ Humph! ” snorted Mr. Burr.
“ Pretty nervy, I call it. Good thing
for me the Beach’s chauffeur was sick
and didn’t come for them. I’d just or-
dered up my car to send them home.
I’d never have been in to even this
much of a finish.”

  Mr. Trent chuckled quietly.

  “ Does that young rascal know any-
thing about running that fool of a
thing?” Mr. Burr demanded.

  “ What he doesn’t know wouldn’t
fill a book. Love’s the best professor
there is. He’s been working here in
the shops with me for the past five
months. I’m satisfied.”

  “ Humph, I guess we’re both satis-
fied. Why didn’t he tell me that?
Take me home, Trent, and we’ll open
a bottle and drink their health. But
it’s rascally nervy to rob a lonely old
man of his only child! ”

  “ You did it yourself. They are both
chips of the old block,” Mr. Trent re-
marked quietly.

  “ Come on! ” sniffed Mr. Burr.

          THE BARRIER.

            Anonymous.

 XV/HEN Happiness comes knocking at my door,
 ” I may not lift the latch to let her in,

 Because—ah, me! one forced his way before—
 The ugly fantom of an ancient sin.
THE CATACLYSM.*

By Stephen Chalmers.

How twenty-five brave men took service in the graveyard of the
sea, and how the ruin they wrought engulfed the world.

SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS.

SICKENING for adventure, Penrhyn'Masefield, millionaire explorer and soldier of for-
tune, and his friend, Dicky Schuyler, under the guidance of the former’s Kabyle serv-
ant, Ahmed Aziz, gather a band of picked men and start south on Masefield’s yacht,
the Ulysses, 011 an adventure, the nature of which is unknown to all save Ahmed. Among
the adventurers is a man named Anton, also a great traveler, and in the party much
against the will of Ahmed, who, as a servant, is unable to prevent his coming. They
sail to the Sargasso Sea; the yacht, because of an upheaval of the ocean, makes its way
into the weeds, strikes a channcl, and proceeds to an island on which dwells, so Ahmed
tells Masefield, the Sidi Senussi (the Veiled Prophet), whose object is to bring about uni-
versal peace, and who is powerful enough to force it on the world. This conversation,
which takes place in strictest privacy, is overheard by Anton, who, upon Masefield’s up-
braiding him, makes revengeful threats. Masefield meets the Sidi Senussi, with whom
he falls in love. None other 011 the island knows the Sidi Senussi is a woman. By means
of the wireless 011 board the Ulysses, the demand for peace is sent broadcast over the
world, and the nations finally agree to gather and sink their armaments. They are to
come to the Isle of Peace. Masefield learns that adjacent to the Isle of Peace is an island
011 which are imprisoned untamable creatures, descendants of Norsemen, who have turned
rebellious. Even while the Armada of Peace is approaching, these people, fired by the
treacherous Anton, have risen and stolen the Sidi. Masefield starts in agonized pursuit
through the underground passages of the palace.

CHAPTER XIV.

A MYSTERY SOLVED.

AS Masefield rushed through the
labyrinthine corridors of the
Palace of Peace on the heels of
Ahmed Aziz, he became aware
that for the first time in its history the
isle was in a state bordering upon panic.

  The arrival of the advance ships of the
Armada of Peace was reason enough for
excitement, but thp disappearance of the
Sidi Senussi, the pivotal center of all
that had happened and was about to
happen, flung the priests and the in-
habitants of the isle into a frenzy of
fear.

  White-robed priests and purple-clad
slaves rushed blindly through the palace,
spreading the dire tidings of the veiled
prophet’s disappearance.

  They were met by others who brought
the exciting news of the armada’s ar-

rival. The air was vibrating with the
roar of saluting cannon—sounds which
had never before disturbed the peace of
the quiet isle. It was as if terror and
pandemonium had suddenly been let
loose in an earthly Elysium.

  In the confusion of it all, Masefield
and Ahmed were unnoticed. The Ka-
byle swiftly passed 011 through a maze of
passages which turned and twisted and
seemed to double back on themselves.
But never once did the son of the desert
pause, and Masefield’s implicit trust in
him was presently rewarded.

  After descending, at intervals, flights
of winding stone stairs which seemed to
lead to the foundations of the palace,
Ahmed stopped short before a dark door-
way.

  Had it not been that Dicky Schuyler
had distinctly stated that the door was
without the palace and some distance to
the rear of it, Masefield would have be-

•	Began May All-Story Magazine. Single copies, 10 cents.

660
THE CATACLYSM.

661

lieved that this was the place the irre-
pressible had spoken of as “ the jail.”
But this was under the earth and beneath
the palace itself.

  The adventurer turned to his servant
and scanned his face for some hint as to
the meaning of the expedition. Ahmed’s
visage was stamped for a moment with
dismay. He was looking at the door of
studded hardwood, and seemed to find
cause for dread in the fact that it stood
half open.

  “ The Sidi has passed this way,” he
said quickly. “ The Sidi has gone to
plead with them once more. It is
death! ”	•

  “ What do you mean? ” shouted Mase-
field. his patience exhausted.

  “ The warriors,” said Ahmed Aziz,
enigmatically. “ They fear the Sidi.
who has walked unscathed through their
midst before. But this time they will
kill the Sidi. who alone held them in
check. Follow me, master. You shall
sec with your own eyes—and know.”

  He passed through the dark doorway,
Masefield following him. For a few
minutes the adventurer was walking
blindly through almost gravelike gloom.

  He could discern, however, the white
glimmer of Ahmed’s robes, and to this
his eyes clung as he stumbled forward
over a rough flooring, apparently of
stone.

  Presently his eyes became used to the
gloom. He observed that the place was
not absolutely dark. It was illumined
by a strange bluish light. Where this
light came from he could not imagine.
Later it dawned upon him that the air
was charged with phosphorescence.

  Presently he made out that they were
passing through a natural tunnel, the
arching walls of which were of a white,
gnarled stone—some form of coral which
everlastingly dripped water. The floor-
ing of the passage was of the same sub-
stance, hut it was rough and slippery,
and at intervals there were pools of sea-
water which gave off the bluish light
more strongly.

  When they had gone about a quarter
of a mile, a hollow humming overhead
suggested to Masefield that he and
Ahmed were walking under the sea. This
idea was presently verified by a heavy
reverberation directly above their heads.

At tjje same time a shower of water-
drops fell about them.

  “ The ' war-ships — guns! ” said
Ahmed, without pausing, but with an
upward lift of his hand.

  On they went through the- ghostly sub-
marine passage. The way seemed miles
long to Masefield, and every step of it
was punctuated with some feature which
chilled the blood momentarily.. The
coral, in some places, had fashioned it-
self into grotesqud shapes, so that the
tunnel, to the heated imagination, was
swarming with strange creatures.

  And every moment a fresh salute was
fired away up on the surface of the sea.
The ocean reverberated against the coral
roof; the coral shuddered and seemed to
crack, and the still pools shivered and
rippled restlessly. Every moment the
mind expected to experience the crash of
collapsing walls and the booming of the
merciless sea through that narrow place.

  They had been walking about twenty
minutes, though the time seemed longer
to Masefield, when Ahmed stopped be-
fore another door. This door also was
open, and, like the one in the founda-
tions of the p.alace, it was crossed and
studded with iron bars and bolts.

  But the time which they had taken to
traverse the tunnel and the distance which
they had covered, precluded any idea of
its being the door of which Dicky Schuy-
ler had spoken. That must be a third
door, probably situated in some branch
of the tunnel near the palace.

  This thought in Masefield’s mind led
to another. From the palace foundation
to this second door the tunnel had run
comparatively straight. No longer could
be heard the ocean gurgling overhead;
the vibration of the saluting guns seemed
less and more distant—as if left behind.
They were again upon land. But what
land? It could not be the Isle of Peace.

  His mind flashed back to that first
glimpse which he had had from the deck
of the Ulysses. He remembered that
there had been. two islands, one to the
eastward and smaller than the Isle of
Peace. It was inhabited, too, he sud-
denly remembered, and there had been a
town of odd-shaped houses.

  But interest in it had been eclipsed
at the time by the beauties of the greater
island. Later, the smaller island had
602

THE AI.L-STORY MAGAZINE.

dwelt in Masefield’s mind as merely an
outer key—one of the numerous small
islets which' stud the great Bahama belt,
which stretches in an arc from the coast
of Florida into indefinite reefs, hundreds
of miles ter the southeast.

  This second door must give entrance to
the smaller island which, Masefield sud-
denly recalled, was significantly named
Forbidden Island. Up to now it had
merely been a name, but all at once he
thought he saw a solution of Anton’s
mysterious disappearance and the harsh,
throbbing chorus which he had so often
heard when the wind was in the east.

  Most important of all, he began to see
now where the Sidi had gone—whether
carried by force, or voluntarily.

  By this time Masefield and Ahmed
Aziz were through the door and floun-
dering amid darkness which was intense
after the faint bluish illumination of the
tunnel under the sea.

  A minute later Masefield struck
against Ahmed’s hand, which had been
thrust back in the gloom as a signal to
the white man to pause. At the same
time the Kabyle whispered:

  “ Be very still, my master! ”

  Masefield remained where he Had
been stopped. Not a sound came to his
ears, save Ahmed’s deep breathing. He
could see nothing. He could feel no
particular sensation in his mind or body.
In the blackness of this place he could
almost imagine that he had been dream-
ing and had suddenly awakened from a
fantastic nightmare, to find himself
looking up into the midnight darkness of
his cabin aboard the Ulysses.

  Presently a flicker of pure blue ap-
peared ahead and a little above the level
of Masefield’s eyes. The rift was in the
shape of three sides of a square, one
side wider than the other two, which
tapered in parallels into sharp points.
In a moment Masefield knew that Ahmed
was lifting a great trap-door, and that
the blue light was that of the evening
sky. which was soon revealed in all its
starriness.

  Ahmed's head was silhouetted against
the now full square of light. In another
moment the square was disfigured by the
Kabyle’s body as it ascended through the
trap. Ahmed disappeared, leaving the
trap-door wide open. Masefield reached

to the ground and felt a flight of stone
steps. He walked lightly to the highest
and raised himself through the trap.
He was on land—strange land. In an
instant he was sure that it was Forbid-
den Island.

  But his attention was withdrawn in a
second to the action of Ahmed Aziz.
The Kabyle was crouching close to the
ground and. to the astonishment of Mase-
field, who had become used to disasso-
ciating Ahmed and his ilk with blood-
thirstiness, the servant , had a long, thin
knife gripped between his teeth. In the
same glance Masefield caught sight of
Ahmed's prey—a tall, almost gigantic
figure which stood a few paces away,
black against the starry skies.

  The figure was half naked. Around
the middle and fastened over the left
shoulder was a great, hairy skin. The
bare right shoulder and arm stood out
white and muscular. In the right hand
was clasped a battle-ax, while on the left
wrist was buckled a shield. The figure
was like the ghost of an ancient Norse-
man.

  How long the tableau lasted Mase-
field never knew. It seemed an eternity
while he listened to the most barbaric
uproar which the mind could conceive.
It was a wild confusion of metallic
clashing and ribald shouting and sing-
ing; yet all smote upon his ear with a
throbbing rhythm, as if the authors of
the savage noise were dancing in time
to the ferocious war measure.

  How long the picture lasted mat-
ters little. The figure, which had been
intent upon the same sounds, suddenly
turned and saw Ahmed. With a snarl
of rage it leaped forward. At the same
time Ahmed Aziz sprang erect and to-
ward the giant. Masefield saw the
shield lift and the great ax swing against
the heavens.

  He saw Ahmed spring and the glitter
of the long, thin blade. Then, without
a sound, the mighty man in the hairy
raiment collapsed like a felled tree, with
a red rivulet streaming from his throat.
Ahmed Aziz, priest of peace, had slain
him as remorselessly as a butcher would
a bullock.

  The Kabyle drew his blade through
the grass and turned to the astonished
Masefield.
THE CATACLYSM.

663

  “ Conie, my master,” said lie, quietly.
“•It is well.’'

  “ Ahmed Aziz,” said Masefield hoarse-
ly, “ where am I? What does this mean?
Is the Sidi—here? ”

  He waved his hand toward the collec-
tion of odd-shaped houses, in the center
of which was a great square building,
which rose in pallid whiteness behind a
flare of fire. It was from this center of
light that the discordant chanting arose.

  “ The Sidi is there,” said Ahmed.
“ Come. I go to my master, or to death
with him. Will the lion - heart follow
Ahmed, as Ahmed has followed him ? ”

  “ I will follow you, as I have already
followed you,” said Masefield. “ But,
first, forewarned is forearmed. What
does this mean? ”

  A shadow of impatience crossed the
Kabyle’s face. He led Masefield for-
ward by the arm, rapidly speaking in a
low voice:

  “ This is the Forbidden Island,” he
said. “ This is the place apart where
discord is imprisoned by the Sidi and
the priests. Did the giaour think there
was no worm in the peace of our isle?
Was the giaour a child or a fool?
Through the centuries it has been thus.
They were men of all nations from the
ships of all nations which you saw.

  “ The first were of, the Norse and they
loved war. They are Norse in lust and
battle.” He waved his hand toward’the
miniature city. “ You saw that man—
his size — his strength—his raiment.
They are still'Norse, and the others have
learned their ways. They have in-
creased with the years. They number
thousands.”

  “ And the Sidi? ”

  “ The Sidi has striven with them to
abandon their creed and be at peace.
They have honored the Sidi. He has
walked unscathed among them—alone—
once, twice, thrice! But, in some man-
ner, they have learned of the world’s
peace—”

  “ Anton? ”

  “ The giaour’s eye is as the camel’s on
the desert. He sees the real from the
shadow. This is the work of the Sheik
Anton. Here he has hidden; but here,
we thought, he was safe. Yet the doors
have been unlocked—how, I know not—
and the Sheik Anton has passed between

the islands. Day by day their clamor
has been greater. But we were without
fear, until to-night, when the Sidi van-
ished.”

  “ She may pass unharmed! ” cried
Masefield, clutching at a tliread of hope.
“ She may have come to speak peace
again.”

  “ That may have been her intention,”
said Ahmed quickly, “ but my master is
not deaf. He heard the cry. She was
taken—by force—by the Sheik Anton.”

  Masefield groaned, quickening his pace
and in turn dragging Ahmed forward.
“ We must save her! ”

  “ We go to death,” said Ahmed
quietly.

  But Masefield did not hear, or cared
not. The Sidi was there—his sweet Sidi
—among a thousand monsters.

  In a few minutes they came to the edge
of the flaring town, and there a sight met
Masefield’s eyes which sent the blood
flying helter-skelter through his veins.

  Ahmed crouched in the long rank grass
at the edge of the savanna which they
had crossed. He drew Masefield down
beside him. Looking straight ahead,
they could see into a wide plaza which
was surrounded by crude, square build-
ings.

  The greatest of these was the vast
white building which the adventurer had
first noticed.

  Lights were burning everywhere. It
was a scene of the wildest gaiety of de-
bauchery. In the center of the plaza
burned a huge bonfire, around which
hundreds of gigantic figures, armed and
shielded, leaped and danced and shout-
ed, striking their brazen shields with
swords and axes, to the rhythm of a hor-
rible war-song. And tied to a stake in
the bonfire was a white-robed figure,
around which the flames were curling
hungrily.

  Masefield's heart stopped beating and
a red mist spread before his eyes. But
when he dashed his hand across his
vision, a groan of relief burst from his
heart. That was no human figure which
crowncd the pyre of fagots — at least,
not the figure which he had feared to
see there.

  It was an effigy—an effigy of the god-
dess of peace! The warriors were
burning it as the crowning jest <Jf their
664

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

hideous war-dance. At that moment the
cannon of the last-arriving war-ship
roared through the night.

  The dance paused. The flames ran
over the white-robed effigy and consumed
it. Then a shout of savage mockery
split the air, and the warriors, with one
accord, shook their spears, axes, and
swords to the stars and laughed—laughed
—laughed!

  And the Sidi was there—somewhere
there. Probably she was in that great
white building, at that moment in the
toils of the Sheik Anton. Anton, Mase-
field knew, must have torn the veil from
the Sidi’s face and discovered the resplen-
dent loveliness which had been behind it.

  At the thought of her peril the sweat
rolled down Masefield's face. Regard-
less of the odds he sprang to his feet and
would have dashed into that mad throng
of barbarians, had not Ahmed flung his
arms around his master. For a minute
the two men wrestled madly. It was the
lithe son of the desert against the mighty
Anglo-Saxon—cunning against strength.
Masefield, his face ablaze with fury, bent
the Kabyle backward until it seemed
that the servant’s back must break.

  “Will you let me go!” gasped Mase-
field.

  “ Some one — comes—master! ” the
Kabyle managed to articulate.

  Masefield came to his senses on the
instant. He released the faithful Ahmed
and glared around him in the night.

  A dark figure was stealing toward them
across the savanna, in the same direc-
tion which they had come. The adven-
turer drew a blue-barreled weapon from
his hip and leveled it through the dark-
ness.

  “Halt! Who comes?” he demanded
quietly.

  It was Ahmed who spoke before the
intruder could answer.

  “It is the Nubian!” he whispered.
“ He brings word.”

  “ Advance,” said Masefield, lowering
the revolver.

  The Nubian stole forward and held
out his hands in token of peace. When
within a few yards, he knelt on the grass
and made the sign of the hand.

  “ It is well,” he said. “ The Sidi is
within the palace.”

  For a full minute neither Ahmed Aziz

nor Masefield found their voices, so great
was their stupefied amazement. The Nu-
bian understood. Bowing low, he add-
ed:

  “ These be the words of A1 Hafid to
Ahmed Aziz and the excellency.”

  “The Sidi in the palace!” Masefield
echoed dully.

  “ Even so, excellency,”' said the Nu-
bian. “ With mine own eyes I have seen
him.”

  Masefield turned to Ahmed. The
Kabyle was looking at his master with
wide-open eyes, and the question in them
was clear. Something whispered to
Masefield that all was not as it should be.

  Ahmed was asking himself another
question. Who had passed through the
doors of the submarine passage and left
them open? None but the Sidi had that
power and privilege.

  Still, the Sidi was in the palace.
Ahmed knew that the Nubian spoke the
truth, so far as he knew it. There was
nothing to do but return. Certainly no
good could come of remaining on the
Forbidden Island in the inflamed state
of its inhabitants and in Masefield’s
reckless mood.

  “ Master, let us return,” Ahmed said.

  Still doubtful of the truth of the Nu-
bian’s statement, Masefield followed
Ahmed and the slave back to the trap-
door. Over the body of the slain Norse-
man, Ahmed Aziz paused a moment while
he prayed. Then, making the sign of
the hand, he dropped through the trap-
door into the tunnel, Masefield after him,
with the Nubian bringing up the rear.

  In silence they walked under the strait
to the foundation of the palace. Here
Ahmed stopped in momentary astonish-
ment before the heavy iron-studded door.

It was shut and locked!

  For a moment or two the Kabyle stared
with a frown. Then he smiled to Mase-
field and said:

  “ My master sees. My master will
remember that this door was open. Now '
it is closed and barred. The Sidi has
returned.”

  “ And we,” said Masefield with a
laugh, “ are locked in ! ”

  “ Not so,” said Ahmed, and he turned
to the Nubian. “How earnest thou?”
he asked.

  For answer the Nubian turned into a
y''"

THE CATACLYSM.	665

passage which branched off to ths left.
A hundred' yards along this minor tun-
nel he paused 'before another door.
Masefield knew at once that this was
Dicky’s “jail door.” The Nubian drew
a great key from the folds of his purple
raiment and unlocked the barrier. Be-
yond the door was a short cavern, and
beyond that was the clear air. Mase-
field smelt the sea and the perfume of
a million flowers with a sigh of relief.
They were once more in the gardens of
the Isle of Peace.

  Without waiting for Ahmed Aziz, or
the Nubian, he walked rapidly toward
the palace portals. Passing through the
Hall of the Fountain he came to the
guarded entrance to the Sidi’s apart-
ments. The single Nubian there made
way for the familiar excellency, who
passed unhindered through the audience-
chamber into the Sidi’s bower. She was
not there!

  Filled with a renewal of his worst
fears, he started at a run through the
passage which he had traversed with the
Sidi when she took him to the parapet.

  When he reached the little white-cur-
tained doorway, his heart was beating
with fear, hope, excitement, and sus-
pense. He did not pause, but boldly
thrust aside the curtains.

  She was there! Against the dim light
of the stars she stood, her face veiled,
looking strangely erect against the clear
heavens. She turned at the sound of his
step, and gave a great start—whether of
surprise or fear he could not tell.

  “ Sidi! ” he whispered, stepping out
upon the parapet.

  She drew back from his extended
arms, and laughed—a queer, half-choked
laugh. He guessed on the instant that
she was overwrought, and that she had
undergone some terrific strain. Still,
with his arms out and whispering her
name, he moved toward her. But again
she drew back.

  Suddenly, she flung out- her right arm
and pointed seaward.

  “ See! ” she exclaimed, with a note of
triumph. “It is mine—all mine!.”

  He looked too startled by her vehe-
mence to do anything else.

  It. was a magnificent sight.

  As far as the eye could travel, the
ocean was aflame with fire—rows upon

rows of lights—ships outlined in hull,
water-line, and rigging, in electricity.

  Masefield -could now understand her
pose, her emotion, her gesture.

  This was her work, her triumph, hers
—all hers!

  The fears of the night fell from him
like clouds before sunshine. A mistiness
of joy and pride came before his eyes.

  He turned to her with a choking sen-
sation in his throat.

  “ Oh my Sidi! ” he whispered.

  But she had vanished—again!

  And again his heart was filled with
dread, misgiving, and doubt.

CHAPTER XV.

OX EARTH-PEACE!

  With the first day of the new year
dawned the first day of the new era.
At sunrise the temple bell had boomed its -
solemn note, the hand of peace had lift-
ed in benediction to the highest pinnacle
and the ships of all the nations of earth
had dipped their ensigns to that univer-
sal flag.

  The voice of the Sidi had cried from
the parapet and she had lifted her hands
in universal blessing. The mighty
matin-song had swelled through the still
air and the men who manned the world’s
navies had bent their heads in reverent
awe, to listen.

  No man had ever witnessed a more
simple yet inspiring ceremony. Even
the full-blooded youth of the battle-ships
felt for the moment that peace was bet-
ter than the battle for which their hearts
had lusted.

  Presently the scene became one of
quiet activity. Boats were lowered from
flag-ships and rowed ashore with the al-
most mechanical precision of naval move-
ments. In the stern of each, facing the
bluejackets, were officers in full dress
uniform and sovereign representatives in
the somber attire of fashion.

  Upon the marble terraces the priests
and inhabitants of the Isle of Peace stood
like a silent white army, awaiting the
delegates. Not a sound disturbed the
scene, save for the sighing of the seas
and the breeze and the lulling strains of
the pinnacle lyres—not a sound until tha
first boat touched the landing terrace.
666

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

   It was the Britisli boat.

  As Lord Airdmohr stepped ashore he
removed his tall hat and bowed with
polished grace. He murmured a few
conventional phrases to A1 Hafid, who
replied with a word of welcome in the
name of the Sidi Senussi and a smile that
was all his own. Then his lordship ad-
justed his monocle and surveyed the pal-
ace and the people with a leisurely stare.

  But all the self-suppression of cen-
turies of refinement could not down his
amazement. He suddenly whipped the
glass from his eye and turned to A1
Hafid.

  “ Ton my word! ” he cried. “ Was
there ever anything so perfectly lovely? ”

  “ Nothing, save perfect love, excel-
lency,” said Ahmed Aziz, over A1 Hafid’s
shoulder.

  At the strange voice his lordship
screwed in the monocle once more and
stared at the Kabyle. The Kabyle was
the man who had spoken,‘undoubtedly;
yet the man who had spoken had betrayed
his alma mater—Oxford.

  “ Ah ! ” said his lordship, discovering
Ahmed’s identity.

  And that was all he said, although he
continued to survey the man in whose
hands the peace of Algiers and Morocco
had lain so long—the man who, more
than any other man, was responsible for
universal peace.

  And so, reflected his lordship, this was
the redoubtable Ahmed Aziz. A very
remarkable man. he concluded inwardly
as if in echo of Masefield’s own estimate
of his servant.

  Presently the French boat came along-
side. The delegate leaped ashore with
celerity, and advanced toward the group
with his arms extended. He was a lit-
tle man with a nervous manner and
pince-nez balanced dangerously on the
very tip of his nose.

  The drama of peace was upon his
soul. Tears rolled down liis cheeks, and
next moment he was in A1 Hafid’s arms,
much to the lofty disgust of his lordship
of Great Britain.

  The German boat came next. A
heavy gentleman with spectacles and a
Bismarckian countenance solemnly ad-
vanced and shook hands with A1 Hafid
and the whole row of elder priests, one
by one. The Japanese envoys—three of

them—came next, and made their stiff,
little, acquired bows to all and sundry,
after which they drew apart from all
other nations and furtively made notes
on their cuffs.

  The American representative came
ashore with an easy nonchalance which
brought a smile to A1 Hafid’s face.
The old priest did not forget Mase-
field’s part in universal peace, and took
the opportunity to congratulate the
United States on the possession of his
excellency, Masefield.

  “What!” ejaculated the United
States delegate. “You don’t mean to
tell me that Penrhyn Masefield is at
the bottom of this?”

  A1 Hafid waved his hand toward
Masefield, who stood a little way apart
on the terrace, with his arms folded.
By his side was Dicky Schuyler, a less
silent spectator of events.

  The American envoy •stood looking
at the adventurers for a moment. His
jaw almost dropped. Then, unmindful
of all convention, he darted up the
steps with his right hand extended.

  “ Masefield, I always said that you’d
plunge the United States into some-
thing radical; but who’d ever have
thought it would be peace! ”

  “Why, Kerr—by all that’s lucky!”
cried Masefield, recognizing an old ac-
quaintance. “ How on earth did you
get here? Last time—let’s see?—you
were fighting for the repeal of the duty
on tea—or something. Let me introduce
Mr. Schuyler—Richard Schuyler.”

  “Mr. Schuyler— How-d’do, Mr.
Schuyler,” said Mr. Kerr, shaking
hands with the irrepressible, who drew
himself up with dignity, as he always
did when Masefield honored him with
the “ Richard.” “ Yes,” continued Mr.
Kerr, “ it was tea. That’s eight years
ago, Masefield. But I’m the Human
Cork. My original ancestor must have
floated to the top at the deluge, as I
would, I dare say, in a cataclysm.”

  In an hour the entire delegates and
their escorts were ashore and assembled
in the Sidi’s audience - chamber, which
had been illuminated for the occasion.
Beside the dense mass of curtains stood
the Sidi’s throne, the Nubians on either
side, with their little lamps burning
mystically.
THE CATACLYSM.

667

  As Masefield looked at the throne, he
saw again the vision of his first day
there, when she had risen to deliver
that impassioned speech. His heart
ached, and the motley of envoys around
him—Orientals and Occidentals—faded
away.

  He only wished to see her—her real
self; to be sure that it was she; to
know that she was safe; to hear her
well-remembered, unmistakable voice.

  For the doubt was still knocking at
his heart. Was it she who had
screamed? Was it she who had passed
alone through that dread passage be-
neath the sea, leaving the doors wide
open? Was it she who had returned
and locked them? How had she es-
caped death among that savage horde
on the Forbidden Island, if, indeed, it
was she who had gone there? Was it
she who had drawn away from him on
the parapet and pointed with trium-
phant gesture to the Armada of Peace
and cried:

  “ See! They are mine — all mine! ”

  But his doubt was presently to be set
at rest, or made certainty. A sudden
hush fell upon the waiting envoys. The
temple bell boomed thrice through the
palace. Then not a sound was to be
heard but the lyres and the tinkling of
the water as it fell from the hand of
peace in the Hall of the Fountain. A
whisper went through the audience-
chamber.

  “ The Sidi Senussi! ”

  Masefield took a step forward. His
body fell rigid. His eyes burned in his
head as they fixed themselves on the
dense mass of crimson curtain. She
was coming—the Sidi!

  He would look closely at her. He
would mark every line of her body.
He would penetrate the veil and see
her eyes. He would listen and hear
every syllable that fell from her lips.

  A murmur went through the cham-
ber. The curtains had fallen aside as
if a magic hand had touched them.
And, lo! the white figure of the wonder-
worker was revealed to the expectant
eyes of the envoys of the nations which
had lain down together at the Sidi’s
voice.

  At the very first glance, Masefield’s
heart leaped with relief. It was the

Sidi—his Sidi! He knew that turn of
the arm as her hand gathered the filmy
draperies around her. He knew that
carriage, although it seemed to him un-
steady, as he had seen it once before
when she was laboring under great emo-
tion. He only waited to hear her voice
to be sure.

  She advanced to the throne, mounted
it, and turned to face the world’s en-
voys. Her right hand was raised above
her head. The fingers half closed, ex-
cept the forefinger, which lifted in the
sign of peace.

   Her voice came through the stillness:

  “ My lords and gentlemen! You are
welcome.”

  A shaft of delicious pain shot
through Masefield's heart. It was the
Sidi. It was the voice of the Sidi—
the sweet, bell-like tones which he had
heard in the softer words of love.

  The cloud rolled from his mind. It
had all been a mistake. It was not she
who had passed through the tunnel.
She had never left the palace. It was
the Sidi—his Sidi!

  But— Something was wrong! From
the heaven of relief he was again
plunged into the hell of mental tor-
ture. She was addressing the envoys.
Why did she falter? Why did she trip
over the words? Why was her voice
so quiet and tremulous—so faint?

  Why, when she had finished her brief
words of welcome, did she descend
from the throne and pass through the
curtains? Masefield saw her hand a
rolled document to Ahmed Aziz. He
saw her sway lightly as she walked to-
ward the curtains. He saw her pass
out as if some greater will than hers
was drawing her steps.

  A murmur of astonishment broke
even from the envoys. The star per-
former in the great drama about to be
enacted had made exit before the en-
voys had had time to feast their eyes
upon the magician who had wrought
this wonder of the world.

  But another surprise was being pre-
pared for the delegates. Ahmed Aziz
advanced to the foot of the throne and
turned to the audience with the docu-
ment in his hand. Masefield knew
what it was. The envoys divined. It
was the peace message.
668

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

  But was this peace message, which so
concerned the white races, to be read by
s swarthy son of the desert—a Moham-
medan—a blackamoor?

  My Lord Airdmohr whipped the
glass from his eye and stared—an unre-
fined stare of astonishment and anger.
The French delegate whipped off his
pince-nez. Symptoms of dissatisfaction
appeared among the delegate?.

  Ahmed Aziz took in the situation at
a glance. Whatever had been his in-
tention, he did not betray by a move-
ment of his face that he had ever had
an intention. Masefield perceived that
something had gone wrong. The Sidi,
his heart told him, was unable to pro-
ceed. The reins were in Ahmed’s
hands.

  But Ahmed was equal to the occa-
sion. He addressed the envoys in a
quiet, submissive manner, which won
instant tolerance. The Sidi was much
moved, he said. The Sidi desired to
be alone in this great moment.

  The Sidi believed that the peace
message should be read by one who was
not an envoy. If it should be agree-
able to all, the message would be read
by one who had rendered service to all
and to| the cause of peace — the Hon.
Penrhyn Masefield!

  Masefield came to himself with a
shock. He—he was to read the peace
message to the delegates of the world.
What did this mean? Was it another
whim of his lady, or a resource of the
fertile Ahmed?

  But he had no time for thought. The
envoys were waiting. They were gazing
at him with perfect satisfaction and
friendliness stamped on their faces.
His lordship of Great Britain smiled
and nodded his head.

  “Hustle, your honor!” whispered
Dicky. “ For the glory of little old
New York—hustle!”

  “Quick!” whispered Mr. Kerr, the
United States representative. “ It’s a
feather in my cap ! ”

  Before Masefield fully realized it, he
was standing at the foot of the throne
with the rolled document in his hand.
Presently, amid a hush, he heard his
own voice coming from the other end
of the universe in the opening words
of the message.

  Like its great predecessor, it was
characterized by simplicity, brevity, and
earnestness. It set forth the beauties
of peace, the benefits to be derived
therefrom, and the manner in which
these benefits might be attained and
kept permanent.

  As Masefield read, his voice took on
strength and enthusiasm. It was her
message. It was her voice that was
speaking through him. It was the
message that he and she had written
together during those long, sweet days.
As he read of love—“ love everlasting ”
—he could feel her hair brushing his
neck, her breath touching his cheek ; and
the sweet perfume of her body was in
his nostrils. His voice rang out with
the spirit of the message—“ love ever-
lasting, peace on earth and good will
among all men.”

  When it was finished, he stood still
for a moment, with his head bent. He
was moved. But so also were the en-
voys of the nations. The French dele-
gate was in tears, and even his lordship
of Great Britain was standing very
erect—very grave—very severe.

  Then, and for the last time, the vote
was taken. Again the vote was unani-
mous, save for three opposing ballots.
Again there was silence. Every eye was
on Masefield. Something was expected
of him. What? He looked at the sea
of faces with bewildered eyes.

  The British statesman calmly nodded
his head and smiled encouragingly.
Masefield understood, but his heart sank
at the magnitude of the words which he
was expected to utter.

  His eyes fell upon two faces in the
crowd. They were the faces of Dicky
Schuyler and the United States represen-
tative, David Kerr. All at once Mase-
field’s voice returned to him, for their
words echoed through his mind.

  He drew himself erect and faced the
envoys of the world with quiet, manly
dignity.

  His words were simple, but they came
from the heart of a strong, honest man,
and they carried their own power with
them:

  “ Then, in the name of heaven, in
the name of the sovereigns and rulers
of earth, and in the name of all man-
kind—let there be peace.’’
THE CATACLYSM.

669

  He, himself, was startled by the effect
of his words. A mighty cheer burst from
the lips of the assembled envoys. It
shook the walls of the audience-cham-
ber. reverberated through the palace and
out over the sea to the listening ships.

  It swelled and died and, in dying,
found new life and redoubled in volume.
Presently it found an echo in a terrific
uproar from the ocean. The navies of
the world were discharging cannon in
honor of the first day of the new era,
and the crashing of the guns seemed to
be answered by a blast of trumpets in
the very vault of heaven.

  Masefield could stand it no longer.
He had looked for some extraordinary
scene, even if it were a climax of com-
plete fiasco. But for this he was unpre-
pared. Before his vision was millenium.
The lion was lying down with the lamb.

  The British envoy was solemnly shak-
ing hands with the delegates of the other
nations of earth. The French envoy
was sobbing in the arms of the German
delegate, the Russian representative was
holding a Japanese by the shoulders,
while the irrepressible Dicky was waltz-
ing another Jap around the audience-
chamber.

  The Hon. David Kerr of the United
States was bowing his acknowledgements
to the representative of Alfonso of Spain.
Sweden and Norway were cementing
renewed friendship with handshaking
and tears. And, above it all, the hand of
peace was waving from the highest pin-
nacle, and the navies of the world were
thundering and roaring, dipping their
flags and cheering.

  But Masefield’s heart was with the
Sidi. He escaped from the frenzied
audience-chamber and rushed up the
winding stairs which led to the parapet.
To clasp her to his heart, to look into
her eyes, to hear from her own lips that
all was well—it was for this, and this
only, that his heart hungered.

  He reached the parapet. She was
not there. She was not there to look
upon her amazing victory! Masefield
stared like one bereft of memory.

  He looked out over the sea. It was
covered with dense, white clouds of
smoke, through which peeped the tips of
funnels and spars. Above his head he
heard a mighty rushing sound.

  Looking up, he beheld a cloud of
snowy, white doves ascending straight
into the sky. Trailing behind them were
long ribbons of a million colors, which
bore the glad tidings to heaven and
earth.

  But where was the Sidi?

  Where was the Sidi in this awe-in-
spiring moment?

  Masefield turned toward the point
where the wild bananas and the sea-
grapes overshadowed the little cove of
their happiness. She was not there!

  As his face looked in that direction,
slowly over it came a spasm of pain and
fear.

  The wind was wafting from the
southeast, and again he heard it —
throbbing, menacing, defiant, horrible!

CHAPTER XVI.

PEACE AND PANDEMONIUM.

  It was ten o’clock of the forenoon of
New Year’s day when peace—universal
peace—was declared.

  The next hour was given over to the
bursts of enthusiasm which shook the
air. Aboard the Ulysses, and aboard
the flag-ship of each nation, the wireless
operators were tuning in various stations
on the American coast, various naval sta-
tions among the West Indian islands,
and whatever steamships answered; and
to all those the good news was being
flashed and, through them, to the wide
world.

  In less than an hour the four words:
“ Peace has been declared! ’’ had been
flashed through the greater part of the
civilized world.

  As when the guns bellowed beside the
Isle of Peace and the white doves flew
to the heavens, the message was the sig-
nal for the most stupendous celebration
in every capital, city, town, hamlet, and
cottage in Europe and the Western
hemisphere.

  It was between two and three o’clock
in the afternoon when the news was re-
ceived in Europe, owing to the difference
of time. It was dawn on the Pacific
coast of America. It was between ten
and eleven o’clock at night in Japan.
But from the extreme'east to the extreme
west of the earth, the air was vibrating
670

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

with the rejoicing of earth’s peoples.
For war should be no more!

  For an hour after the peace message
had been read by Masefield, all procedure
was stopped. It was impossible to pro-
ceed, although the greatest item on the
peace program was yet to be executed.
15y common consent the envoys ad-
journed, agreeing that the noon - hour
would be appropriate to the disarma-
ment of the navies—the casting of the
weapons of war into the sea.

  Besides that, the envoys must prepare
the document which, signed by each and
every delegate, representing each and
every nation of earth, would seal the
great compact.

  It was then that Masefield understood
why he had been allowed to read the
peace message. That document was
merely the final, clarified proposition of
peace.

  It had been accepted, and its accept-
ance was clearly set forth in the procla-
mation which the envoys now prepared.
It did not lake Masefield and the United
States delegate long to discover that none
but the Sidi Senussi could read this final
proclamation.

  Among the delegates there was no
question upon this point, although Mase-
field could not help wondering how the
Sidi was to be reached, or if the Sidi
would be able to read it.

  Yet, this was not in his mind as much
as the probable impossibility of finding
the Sidi Senussi. The more he thought
of it, the more was he convinced that
something was grievously amiss.

  The suspicion had gradually strength-
ened upon him that Anton’s hand was at
work behind the scenes. Although he
felt sure that the Sidi who welcomed the
envoys was his Sidi, he could not recon-
cile his Sidi with the veiled figure which
had pointed to the Armada of Peace and
said:

  “See! It is mine—all mine!1’

  The words had echoed dully through
his brain, and with constant repetition
the last emphasized word had begun to
shout through his mind with a sinister,
harsh note. Mine!

  The word echoed and echoed, now a
sibilant whisper, now a jeering chuckle,
again a mocking laugh; and, presently,
the whole sentence sang through his

brain to the air of that throbbing,
menacing, war-chant.

  And that figure on the parapet had
looked taller in stature, and without that
lissome slightness which he knew so well.
He remembered the poise of the figure
against the stars. That was not the
Sidi. Yet, the Sidi who had entered
the audience-chamber was the Sidi.
Then he remembered the peculiar be-
havior of the Sidi in the audience-cham-
ber—how the voice—her voice—had
quavered and stumbled over the words of
welcome, and how she had suddenly
swayed toward the curtains.

  Was it possible that she was in the
toils of Anton even then? That the ter-
rible renegade was using her to his own
ends, whatever they were? Was it pos-
sible that that figure on the parapet was
not the Sidi at all?

  But who, save himself, could discover
tins? No man had ever gazed upon
the face of the Sidi save himself.. He
alone could tell the face of the Sidi.

  True, he could tell Dicky the truth,
if Dicky did not suspect it already. But
what good would that do? It would
be his word against—nothing. He
dared not tear the veil from the Sidi’s
face in the presence of the priests, and
even if he did—

  With a groan he turned away from
the council - chamber where the envoys
were still discussing the ultimate proc-
lamation. Near the door he discovered
the Kabyle, whose eyes, had he but
known it, had .never left him in the last
fifteen minutes. Masefield made a sig-
nal to Ahmed just as Ahmed signaled to
him.

  Together, master and servant passed
into the Hall of the Fountain. There
they sat down on the alabaster parapet,
within which the water-lilies basked in
the sunshine from the overhead circular
rift. The sunlight fell upon Masefield’s
face as he looked into Ahmed’s.

  The white man was pale and hag-
gard. I'he Kabyle’s eyes were burning
strangely.

  The servant waited for the master to
speak.

  “Ahmed,” said Masefield, “I wish
to speak with the Sidi.”

  “ The Sidi Senussi would be alone,”
replied Ahmed, smiling strangely. “ It
THE CATACLYSM.

671

is impossible, my master, to see or speak
with the Sidi at this time.”

  There was silence between the two.
Masefield was searching the other’s face.
Presently he said in a low voice:

  “ Ahmed, hast thou ever gazed upon
the face of the Sidi?”

  “ No, my master,” replied the Kabyle
easily. “ Nor has any man—save it be
thyself, giaour” he added fiercely.

  Masefield did not flinch before the
eyes that suddenly burned like a tiger’s.
He waited until Ahmed lowered his
gaze, then he whispered:

  “ I know that no man is permitted to
gaze upon the Sidi’s face; yet, Ahmed,
answer me! Would you know the Sidi
otherwise? By the height? By the
gesture ? By the voice ? Would you not—”
Ahmed interrupted in a startling
fashion.

  “ The giaour,” said he, “ wastes
words! It was the Sidi, and it was
not the Sidi. Do I not know my mas-
ter? Does not my heart feel his dread
presence? Do not my ears know his
footsteps? The Sidi is in the hands of
the Sheik Anton ! ”

  Masefield started to his feet. His
words came fast—almost incoherent:

  “ Then, where is the Sidi ? Who was
it spoke from the throne? Who was
it spoke on the parapet ? Ah! You
were not there. But, I tell you— Ah-
med, what is to be done?”

  “ Nothing,” said the Kabyle quietly.
“ That which is done—is done. That
which will be—will be ! ”

  An exclamation of impatience at the
man’s stoic fatalism burst from Mase-
field. But Ahmed’s words were not all
stoic fatalism. He looked anxiously
into the face of his master and said
slowly:

  " Giaour, it is in my mind that the
Sidi is in the hands of the warriors;
or, worse, in the hands of the Sheik
Anton. Haste, then, will help neither
the Sidi nor us. At the noon-liour—
you have heard?—the Sidi will—must—
appear. The Sidi must read the mes-
sage—the real Sidi or the false.

  “If it is the real Sidi—it is well.
She shall be carefully guarded, and
there will be no further mishap. If it
is the false Sidi—”

  “He will die!” whispered Masefield

in an intensity of anger. “ I will kill
him where he stands.”

  “In the hour of universal peace?”
said Ahmed Aziz, watching the other’s
face closely.

  “Confound universal peace!” cried
Masefield, springing to his feet. “ I tell
you, Ahmed, there will be no universal
peace on earth so long as a man loves
a woman and the red blood flows hot in
his veins.”

  His words recalled another scene—
the little inlet where the multicolored
fish played and darted away from the
ripples started by the pebbles which he
threw from her lap. And he heard her
voice in the distance:

  “ Some day, when war has been dead
centuries and centuries, all men will
love one another as you love Dicky.”

  It was a flash of some idle brain-cell.
It was as if, in answering Ahmed, he
had been answering her. His mind sud-
denly cleared, and the fighting blood
of the man for the woman of his love
suddenly flowed strongly and steadily.

  He looked at Ahmed. The Kabyle
had watched the tempest and knew that
it was over. He was smiling.

  “ Does my master still trust his ser-
vant? ”

  “ More than I trust myself. You are
no longer-my servant.”

  “ Still may I serve my master in
serving you.”

  “ What will you do?”

  “ At the noon-hour—mark ! ”

  Masefield drew his watch from his
pocket. It lacked but ten minutes of
the hour. Already the envoys were
filing back into the audience-chamber.
The guns had become silent. The
palace was wrapt in profound stillness,
save for the everlasting hymn of the
lyres.

  Masefield suddenly felt an arm thrust
through his. He looked into the face
of Dicky Schuyler. For once the ir-
repressible’s countenance was stamped
with gravity. Masefield saw, and knew
that Dicky knew.

  “ Stand by for trouble, Dicky,” lie
said quietly.

  Dicky nodded, but uttered not a word.
They were presently joined by the
Hon. David Kerr.

  The three men moved in a group into
672

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

the audience-chamber. By dint of cour-
teous pushing, they succeeded in reach-
ing the inner edge of the circle of envoys
and found themselves standing by the
side of Lord Airdmohr, to whom the
place of honor had been accorded.

  It was a repetition of the former
scene. Tense silence prevailed. Slowly
the minutes passed. My Lord Airdmohr
held a gold repeater in his hand.

  To Masefield’s strained senses came
the ticking of it, like the beating of his
own heart. Lord Airdmohr suddenly
drew a deep breath, pocketed the re-
peater, and looked toward the dense cur-
tains. At the same moment the temple
bell boomed thrice.

  It was noon! The great moment had
arrived. The curtains at the farther
end of the chamber parted. A white
figure appeared and advanced to the
throne. Masefield bent forward, and in
an instant his blood surged in mad bat-
tle-lust.

  That was not the Sidi!

  He knew, even as he had known that
the figure in the previous scene had been
the Sidi. The gesture was missing. The
figure was taller, and moved with none
of the queenly grace of the Sidi.

  Masefield turned to look at Ahmed.
The Kabvle’s eyes were glowing like
coals. But Ahmed Aziz turned to Lord
Airdmohr and bowed. His Britannic
majesty’s envoy handed him the docu-
ment which the envoys had prepared.

  Ahmed took it and advanced with
deliberation toward the throne. His
eyes were fixed upon the white figure,
lie paused at the foot of the throne.
There was a lingering air about the way
he delivered the document into the hands
of the veiled prophet.

  It was as if he was prolonging the
ceremony for some reason of his own.
Indeed, Masefield noticed that the hand
which prematurely stretched forth to re-
ceive the paper trembled and drew back
as Ahmed still held his arms at his side.

  Then Ahmed Aziz did a strange thing.
As he handed the document to the veiled
figure, he suddenly knelt and grasped
the Sidi’s wrist with his left hand, while
he imprinted a kiss on the veiled hand
which was extended to receive the docu-
ment.

  It was a strangely awkward saluta-

tion, the envoys thought; to Masefield
alone was the action fraught with sig-
nificance.

  Masefield’s eyes never left the figure
011 the throne. He was watching every
movement. And his suspicions were
confirmed by the actions of the veiled
prophet.

  The Sidi took the document, bowed
to the assembled envoys, and calmly
handed it back to Ahmed Aziz, at the
same time making a gesture which was
meant to be a command that some other
person read the proclamation.

  A low laugh broke from Masefield’s
lips. Lord Airdmohr started and
frowned disapprovingly on the man at
his side.

  He discovered that Masefield’s face
was stamped with ferocity; that there
was a cruel smile about his mouth.

  For the Sidi—or the figure which rep-
resented the Sidi—had reckoned without
convention. He had apparently hoped
that the proclamation could be read, as
before, by Masefield. He knew, also,
that no man had ever seen the face of
the Sidi, and he knew that he was safe
as long as he did not utter a word that
would betray a strange voice.

  The envoys were waiting. Ahmed
Aziz, smiling, had turned away from the
veiled prophet and was returning to his
place among the priests. But suddenly,
at a signal from Airdmohr which
plainly said, “ The Sidi must read,” the
Kabyle turned and looked back at the
throne.

  Then, after a moment of mystified
silence in the chamber, the astute son
of the desert advanced once more, and
with the same deliberation, toward the
Sidi Senussi.

  To the envoys it seemed that he pur-
posed whispering Airdmohr’s message.
But during the few seconds of still-
ness, it was apparent that the veiled fig-
ure was in the throes of unexpected
suspense. No longer could the envoys
remain blind to the fact that something
was amiss.

  Ahmed had purposely created this em-
barrassing situation that the nerves of
the impostor might be tried to the ut-
most. And his plan was not without
result — a result which was apparent
even to some of the priests, who began
THE CATACLYSM.

673

to whisper among themselves while their
eyes searched the figure on the throne.

  But Ahmed Aziz was not done. In-
stead of kneeling at the foot of the
throne, he advanced boldly up the steps.
A gasp of amazement arose from the
envoys. A murmur of horror broke
from the priests. They forgot their mo-
mentary suspicion in dismay at Ahmed’s
irreverent action. They only remem-
bered that this was the Sidi Senussi,
and that Ahmed Aziz was guilty of a
terrible breach of decorum.

  But Ahmed passed up the steps as
deliberately as he did all things. The
Sidi drew back. Ahmed suddenly
straightened up and raised his hands.
A cry burst from the priests. My Lord
Airdmohr whipped his glass from his
eye, and various exclamations of disap-
proval burst from the envoys.

  Only Masefield understood. At Ah-
med’s first movement, the adventurer
pressed Dicky Schuyler’s arm and
stepped out from the semicircle of rep-
resentatives.

  But before he had gone three paces,
the audience-chamber was in an uproar
of indignation. Ahmed Aziz had flung
his arms around the veiled figure, and
the dread Sidi Senussi was wrestling in
the arms of the swarthy son of the
desert. The two figures, interlocked,
fell to the steps and rolled downward
to the carpeted floor, still writhing in
each other’s embrace.

  The envoys broke from the semicircle,
protesting incoherently. The priests
raised their hands to heaven and, crying
their horror, rushed toward the com-
batants. But Masefield was quicker
than them all. His* tall figure shot
across the intervening space.

  They saw him bend over the writhing
figures and with one swift movement
tear the veil from the face of the sup-
posed Sidi Senussi!

  At the same time Ahmed Aziz broke
away from his opponent and leaped
backward. Masefield dragged the un-
veiled Sidi to his feet, and the face of
Caspar Anton was revealed to every per-
son in the room!

  It was as Masefield and Ahmed Aziz
had anticipated. But they, in turn, had
reckoned without possibilities.

  The very moment Anton stood up in

    7	S

his borrowed robes, with a wild cry of
dread the priests, to a man, turned away
and hid their eyes, that they might not
look upon the naked face of the prophet.

  Even had they looked, it would have
been of little help to Masefield and Ah-
med Aziz. The priests had never seen
the face of the Sidi. They had never
seen the face of Anton!

  They would only have seen a face
which might have been the face of the
Sidi. Any face that was strange might
well be that of the Sidi.

  And the envoys were in the same state
of ignorance. They had never seen An-
ton. They had never seen the Sidi. It
was all a mystery to them, save that an
outrage—a terrible outrage—had been
perpetrated. In that solemn moment,
when peace was to be proclaimed and
war was to be no more, a mocking de-
struction of the fitness of things had
occurred.

  Masefield saw the disaster in a mo-
ment. Anton saw it. He calmly re-
arranged the veil round his face and
attempted to return to the throne with
the dignity befitting a monarch who
could afford to overlook the actions of
madmen.

  At the same time the envoys bore
down upon Masefield and Ahmed Aziz,
intending to seize them. My Lord Aird-
mohr issued a command^to the escort of
armed marines which had accompanied
the delegates. In an instant a score of
Mausers were leveled at the two daring
men.

  To fire a shot in that audience-
chamber in the moment of world peace
would have been an act of fatal di-
plomacy. The envoys knew it. Mase-
field knew it. Masefield did not even
draw a weapon. He looked at the angry
throng before him and smiled. Some
one brushed his shoulder. It was Dicky
Schuyler.

  “Stand by for trouble!” said Dicky,
cheerfully, standing back to back with
Masefield.

  A fourth man leaped into the circle
of three. It was the Hon. David Kerr,
representative of the United States.

  “ This means ruin, anyway! ” Said the
Human Cork. “ So I’m with you. But
I hope to Heaven you know what you
are about.”
674

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

  “ We do,” said Masefield calmly.

  All this had transpired in less than
half a minute. And, in the meantime,
pandemonium was shrieking through the
palace. The Sidi Senussi — or rather
the veiled Caspar Anton—was standing
erect, with his hand raised in the sign
of peace. With difficulty, silence was
restored.

  But before the Sidi could speak, Lord
Airdmohr’s voice choked off the words
which would have revealed all.

  “ In the name of peace! ” Airdmohr
cried, “ I demand that these men be
removed from this place.”

  “Remove them!'5’ cried the Sidi from
the throne, his voice palpitating with
the rage which had burst from control.

  At once he had betrayed himself to
the priests, although, to the envoys, the
uproar which followed was but con-
fusion upon confusion’s head.

  The white army of holy men, de-
scended upon the impostor with the rage
which only insulted piety can feel.

  The envoys stood aghast. Several
turned and left the hall.

  Next moment a terrific crash re-
sounded through the air. It was the
voice of the guns!

  Such a scene as then ensued no words
can convey to the imagination. The en-
voys were rushing aimlessly and panic-
stricken.

  Caspar Anton, the veil again torn
from his face by the infuriated priests,
was backed up against the throne, firing
rapidly from a revolver.

  His eyes fell upon Masefield. Anton
leveled his weapon at the man who had »
ceased to be his friend. But, even as
he fired, the priests again closed in upon
him. The bullet flew wide and struck
one of the great lianging-lamps.

  The lamp burst and its blazing oil was
showered upon the carpeted floor, which
immediately caught fire. In another
minute the audience-chamber was filled
with choking smoke, through which
leaped long, red tongues of flame.

  Through the blazing room there sud-
denly shot the figure of Lord Airdmohr.
He was hatless and disheveled. His
face was as pallid as a dead man’s.
Aloud he cried, with an hysterical split
in his voice:

  “ Heaven have mercy upon us! The

  navies of the world have turned their
guns upon one another ! ”

  But that was not all.

  The words were hardly off his tongue
before there leaped from all directions,
like ghouls and demons born of the
roaring flames, scores of shaggy, mon-
strous men, armed with spears, swords,
and axes.

  They swooped down upon the hapless
priests and envoys with a mighty cry:

  “Skoal!”

  The warriors of Forbidden Island
had broken loose. Anton’s triumph was
complete. The battle-ships, for some
mysterious reason, had opened fire upon
one another.

  The Isle of Peace was a sudden hell.
The palace was enveloped in flames.
The Sidi was missing.

  Universal peace, in the twinkling of
an eye, had turned to universal war!

CHAPTER XVII.

THE ARMADA OF STEEL.

  The escort of marines, who had been
about to throw down their w'eapons,
obeyed, the order of their lieutenant.

  The envoys were huddled together
like sheep. A wall of armed men
surrounded them with their Mausers
“ ready.”

  “ Fire! ” came the command.

  Masefield, Dicky, and the Hon. David
Kerr, lost somewhere in the dense smoke,
instinctively fell on their faces. The
walls of the audience-chamber shook
with the confined explosion of the rifles.

  Bullets zipped in the air and thudded
sullenly into the walls, and the cries of
the wounded redoubled. Again and
again the volleys burst out, but each
time their volume was less.

  The marines were being cut down by
the hairy Norsemen, whose thirst for
blood knew no caution. Presently,
above the yelling of the warriors and
the roaring of the flames, the rifle re-
ports grew spasmodic, and finally only
the occasional crack of a weapon told
of the last stand of the survivors.

  Ahmed Aziz groped blindly for his
master.

  “Giaour! ” he said with a sob. “It
was a mirage. Let us go forth.”
THE CATACLYSM.

675

  “ The Sidi! ” cried Masefield hoarse-
ly. “Where is the Sidi? Lead the
way, or I will kill you! ”

  Ahmed straightened up. His figure
was only an arm’s length from Mase-
field, but the adventurer could not see
the Kabyle’s face, so dense were the
fumes. But he heard his voiee, calm
once more:

  “ My master, we go to the Sidi or to
death. Follow me, but first let the ex-
cellency, Schuyler, return to the Ulysses.
Let the captain weigh anchor and sail
westward along the coast, and let him
watch the shore for a signal. We may
need succor.”

  Dicky heard and needed no more.
He felt in the gloom for Masefield’s
hand.

  “ Good-by, old horse,” said he. “ If
we don’t meet here or in heaven, we’ll
meet on Broadway.”

  “Good luck to you, Dicky!” said
Masefield. “ I’ll go with Ahmed. You
take Kerr with you. He’s a very re-
markable man, my servant, and Kerr is
bound to float out somehow.”

  In another second Dicky and Kerr
had vanished, trusting to luck to get
out, as Masefield trusted to luck and to
Ahmed to find the Sidi Senussi in this
whirlpool of disaster and flame.

  Ahmed caught his master by the
sleeve and led him through the choking
gloom. Round them pandemonium still
reigned. The audience-chamber was no
longer the hall of universal peace.

  It was a shambles. The marines, the
priests, the envoys had been massacred
to a man. The uproar was dying away,
as if the blood-lusting fiends had swept
through the palace and out of it.

  In a few minutes Masefield, scorched
and bloody, found himself in a corridor
which was filled with cool, compara-
tively clear, air. How the two men
reached there unscathed neither could
ever tell. Both were wounded, but not
dangerously. Both were scorched, Ah-
med being the worse off in this respect.
His white robes were almost burned
from his body. He was half naked.

  “ Go on! ” said Masefield, hardly
realizing the unreasonableness of his
command.

  But Ahmed seemed to understand,
and he apparently knew where he was

going. Again, as on the previous
night, Masefield found himself running
through labyrinthine passages; but this
time the trend of their flight was up-
ward, ever upward. The air grew
warmer and the ascending smoke more
dense as they climbed the spiral stair-
ways.

  They came to a gloomy, half-finished
part of the palace. Presently Ahmed
Aziz burst open a door. He entered
and immediately reappeared, dragging
a hideous, toothless old man, who
whined aloud for mercy. Ahmed drew
from the folds of his half-consumed
clothing a little bow with a thong
stretched upon it.

  “Where is the Sidi?” he demanded,
slipping the bow-string around the
man’s neck.

  “Mercy, excellency! I know not!”
screamed the wretched creature.

  Ahmed Aziz gave the bow a single
twist. The man's face became convulsed
and his mouth opened. The Kabyle re-
laxed the thong and repeated his ques-
tion. This time the man spoke truth:

  “ Come. She is here. I will show
you.”

  Ahmed heaved a sigh of relief.

  “Allah is great!” Masefield heard
him mutter. “ I thought so.” Turning
to Masefield, he said quickly: “The
Sidi has been imprisoned.”

  The toothless old jailer drew a bunch
of keys from his girdle and shuffled
along the narrow, dark passage, mumb-
ling to himself. The fear of the bow-
string was upon him.

  I-Ie did not hesitate when he paused
before a narrow closed door, but fitted
a key into a lock and turned it with
celerity.

  “ Behold, excellency. Abdul kisses
your feet! ”

  Masefield brushed him aside and
stepped into the room. Ahmed Aziz
would have followed, but he suddenly
turned and waved the toothless jailer in
before him. Abdul’s face expressed his
disappointment. He had hoped to lock
the excellencies in and let them kiss
tlJCir own feet.

  But when Ahmed Aziz entered the
room, his hungry eyes were unsatisfied.
Instead of the dread master whom he
worshiped, the only occupants of the
676

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

room were Masefield and an extremely
beautiful woman who was sobbing on
the adventurer’s shoulder.

  The moment he became aware of the
Kabyle’s presence, Masefield command-
ed him sharply to lead the way out of
the palace to safety.

  “ But the Sidi, my master? ” said Ah-
med Aziz, folding his arms and assu-
ming a reproachful sternness.

  Masefield laughed.

  The Sid?^ blushed, and all at once she
drew the veil across her face. The mo-
ment the familiar aspect of the dread
prophet was complete, Ahmed Aziz pre-
sented a face upon which nothing was
the principal expression.

  He had seen a beautiful woman, and
in the flash of a gesture, that woman
had suddenly been transformed into the
dread presence.

  “ Come! ” said Masefield impatiently.
“ Time flies, Ahmed. The palace is
burning. 1 will explain in time. This
is the Sidi Senussi. Her face needs no
veiling. Besides, unveiled, she will pass
unrecognized.”

  As he spoke he gently disengaged
the veil from his beloved’s face. For a
moment she stood gazing with liquid
eyes at Ahmed. Then she spoke:

  “Ahmed—my faithful Ahmed!”

  At the words, the Kabyle forgot or
forgave. He dropped at her feet and
bowed his ht?ad. She raised him by the
hand. Then Masefield uttered a warn-
ing word.

  “ Come, my master! ” said the Kabyle,
and he led the way back into the cor-
ridor.

  The toothless jailer, Abdul, had van-
ished, but Ahmed did not pause to in-
quire into his disappearance. Again
they ran blindly through the smoke-
filled halls. Only Ahmed’s instinctive
knowledge of the labyrinthine passages
brought them to the open air.

  But, before that, as they descended a
flight of spiral stairs, a terrific crash had
resounded, and the walls on either side
of them had quaked and cracked.

  “ Quick ! ” cried Ahmed Aziz. “ TJje
palace is falling.”

  “No — not yet,” said Masefield, his
eyes wide with astonishment. “ They are
bombarding the palace ! ”

  In a few minutes they were at the

door through which it had been the
Sidi’s custom to make her exits when
she went to the little cove.

  The scene that presented itself to their
eyes was as amazing as it was magnificent
and dreadful. The palace gardens were
strew^n with dead men; among them en-
voys in fashionable attire, marines in
uniform, and a few of the hairy men of
Forbidden Island.

  In the offing hung a great pall of
smoke, through which spurted flashes of
fire, followed immediately by the roar
of guns. The disrupted Armada of
Peace was engaged in the most extensive
sea-fight the heavens had ever looked
upon.

  But in the gardens there was compar-
ative safety. The battle seemed to have
passed that way and on to some other
point. But it was far from perfect
safety. Even as they paused to draw a
deep breath of pure air, another ball
hurtled through the air and struck one
of the pinnacles of the palace.

  Only the fact that the spire collapsed
to the western, or opposite, side of the
palace, saved the trio from instant death
beneath the falling debris. As the pin-
nacle fell the lyres suddenly ended their
song of years, and from the yawning
gap in the alabaster leaped a great col-
umn of flame. The palace was doomed!

  Masefield turned to the Sidi. Her
face was deathly pale and wrought with
an anguish which found an echo in
Masefield’s soul.

  He swiftly picked her up in his arms
and followed Ahmed Aziz, who was'al-
ready running across the gardens toward
the wooded part of the island. They
reached the cool shelter of the woods
without mishap, and there they rested
for a few minutes.

  But they were not out of danger yet.
Over their heads, at intervals, hurtled
screaming cannon-balls, and shells burst
with terrific reports among the trees.

  “If they are firing at the palace, it’s
bad shooting,” said Masefield. “If
they’re firing at each other, it’s atrocious.
It’s more like the practise of a pack of
untrained landsmen.”

  Suddenly a thought occurred to him.
But he dismissed it immediately as the
fancy of an excited imagination.

  Also at the same moment his atten-
           \

tion was drawn to a crashing in the
woods, like the rushing of a body of
men. It was. A man in European
civilian dress appeared through a break
in the trees. In a single moment he
had covered the trio with a repeating-
rifle.

  “All right, Roberts, all right. It is

1	— Masefield! ” sang out the adven-
turer.

  He had recognized the man who once
said that he might be a coward, but was
certainly no fool.

  The man, Roberts, dropped his rille
and gave a whistle. At once the escort
of picked men, all armed, sprang out of
the brush.

  “ Thank Heaven! ” said Masefield
under his breath. Outwardly calm, he
said to Roberts: “ Glad to see you.
How did you come here?”

  “ Mr. Schuyler, sir,” said Roberts, sa-
luting, “ gave us the tip to look out for
you, as you might need help to get to
the yacht.”

  “ Bless the boy! ” Masefield said to
himself.

  He gave the order to form around the
Sidi. When this was done, the party, led
by Ahmed Aziz, struck across the island,
bearing in a southerly direction. In
about half an hour they emerged from
the woods upon a white beach. The sea
stretched before them, sparkling and
clear; and, lying as close inshore as she
dared, was the yacht Ulysses.

  The leader of the picked men, Rob-
erts, discharged his rifle. It was an-
swered by a toot of the yacht’s whistle.
A boat shot out from her side and came
rapidly toward the shore.

  A groan of relief burst from Mase-
field. He bent his head and looked into
the still face which was cradled upon his
shoulder.

  'The Sidi was unconscious.

  It is needless to recount the difficul-
ties which Dicky Schuyler and the
Hon. David Kerr overcame before they
reached the Ulysses.

  On such a day, and in such scenes,
the greatest perils were as wind - puffs
compared with the one astounding
thing which was taking place.

  The Ulysses was under full steam,
but hove to when Schuyler’s boat ran

677

alongside. Dick speedily introduced
Kerr to Captain Carlson, and as quickly
accounted for Masefield’s absence. Carl-
son sprang to the bridge and signaled
the engine-room.

  “ I’m mighty thankful to get out of
this,” he said. “ Couldn’t do it, though,
without orders.”

  Schuyler could not Iielp admiring the
cool nerve of the Swede. The bravest
man might have been pardoned for sail-
ing to a safer harbor than the bay of
the Isle of Peace appeared to be at that
moment.

  To the eastward lay the great pall of
smoke which had astonished Masefield
as he issued from the palace. From this
cloud burst an ear-splitting pandemo-
nium of sound. It seemed that nothing
less than every war-ship in the world
could be engaged in battle.

  The air was filled with shrieking
shells which hurtled through the rig-
ging of the Ulysses. But so far the
yacht had escaped any crippling damage.
As she darted away to the westward,
keeping the shore as close as was safe,
Schuyler turned his eyes toward the pal-
ace. It was in flames. Smoke was al-
ready issuing from the upper windows
of the pinnacle. Even as he gazed, a
shell struck the highest pinnacle, which
collapsed in a cloud of dust.

  At the sime time a fierce column of
flame suddenly leaped up against the blue
skies.

  “ Heaven help Masefield! ” groaned
Dicky Schuyler, turning away his head
aghast.

  When the yacht was clear of the
greater danger of being struck by the
flying shells, Carlson turned to Dicky
and the United States delegate with a
grin.

  “ Beats me! ” was all he said.

  “ It is perfectly simple,” said Kerr;
“ so simple that it is stupendous. The
old feeling broke out apparently. There
were never two ships of two different
nations anchored in the same waters
that something didn’t blow up. But
this—”

  He flung his hands up dramatically in
the air.

  “ You’re all wrong,” said the Swede
quietly. “ I’m not blind, Mr. What’s-
Your-Name?

THE CATACLYSM.
678

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

  “ Kerr,” said the Human Cork im-
perturbably.

  “ Kerr,” said Carlson, with a swift,
puzzled glance, “ the navies didn’t start
it. Where did the boatloads of hairy
fellows come from? That’s what I want
to know.

  “There was a,fight on the Japanese
flag-ship. Presently the Jap was seized,
and the flag-ship fired on the Connecticut.
The whole United States navy seemed to
open fire. A stray shell hit a German,
and the Germans let loose. England
was the last; but when she got going,
the whole jig was up. And—you see
for yourself! ”

  He waved his hand toward the dense
cloud which vomited fire and fury. And
so this was the end of universal peace!
But what was to be the end of this
universal war?

  In a safe fathomage, at a point
whence the men aboard the Ulysses
could command a view of the coast, east
and south, the yacht hove to. The men
on the bridge, taking up their binoculars,
scanned the shore for a sight of Mase-
field and his friends.

  A boat was dropped from the davits.
All was therefore in readiness when the
party appeared from the woods and the
rifle-shot rang out.

  The shot was heard distinctly. The
fact brought the attention of Carlson
to the other fact that the firing among
the war-ships had ceased. There were
occasional rattles of small arms, as if
fighting was going on upon the decks of
the various ships.

  “ I’d give a lot to know what is hap-
pening behind that cloud of smoke,”
said Carlson, jamming his peaked cap
on the back of his head.

  “Temples of Isis!” exclaimed Dicky,
who was watching the approaching pin-
nace. “If he hasn’t got the Sidi with
him! ”

  Which would indicate that Dicky was
well informed of the true inwardness of
Masefield’s love-affair. In a few min-
utes the party was aboard.

  Masefield staggered breathlessly up the
gangway with the unconscious woman
held firmly in his arms. Reaching the
deck, he turned sternly to Carlson and
sharply ordered:

  “ Full steam ahead—for the open sea!
Get out of this as you value your life
and ours. Ahmed—to the bridge and
pilot! ”

  He disappeared below, carrying his
precious burden. Dicky Schuyler and
Ahmed ran up the ladder to the bridge.
They discovered Carlson . leaning far
over the rail with binoculars riveted to
his eyes. The man’s pose was one of
rigid tenseness.

  The breeze had freshened in the west,
and the cloud of smoke was sweeping
away to the eastward. Already scores
of battle-ships were in full view1. The
navies of the world were somewhat les-
sened in number of ships by the fact
that many had been sunk; but the fight-
ing fleet which survived that interna-
tional engagement was still of stupen-
dous size.

  Even as they stared at the armada of
steel, the Union Jack fluttered to the
decks of the British sea-monster. In-
stantly a mighty cheer rang out and a
great red flag was run up to the ship’s
peak.

  “In the name of Heaven — what’s
that?” demanded Carlson, cramming
the glasses" into Schuyler’s hands.

  Dicky looked. Then he said, without
removing the glasses:

  “ Unless I’m blind, it’s a red flag with
a big, black, hairy fist in the middle of
it.”

  “And what does that mean?” cried
Carlson.

  It was Ahmed Aziz who replied.

  His voice was quiet and calm, but
there was no mistaking the depth of the
suppressed sorrow in it.

  “ It means,” said he, “ that the en-
voys of peace are dead. It means that
the brave officers who commanded that
fleet have been shot.

  “ It means that the men who manned'
these navies have been defeated, or have
cast in their lot with the ruffians who
now hold the decks.

  “ It means that the Sheik Anton com-
mands that great armada of steel, and
that he will wage War against all man-
kind. He will loot the world! ”

  And the world, robbed of its defenses,
was as helpless as a newborn babe in a
cradle!

(To be continued.)
/

POD FLITS

By George Allan England.

 ^DDITIONAL proof that
 "stone walls do not a prison
 make, nor iron bars a cage." J-

TO Pod Slattery, silling dejected in
his narrow cell in the Ponkapog
county jail, the rural turnkey
delivered a newspaper which had
been sent him, so its wrapper said, by one
P. Benyon, New York City.

  The wrapper was no longer on it, for
Warden Tibbetts had ripped it off pre-
paratory to inspecting the paper, lest in
its bulk be hidden some metal tool, some
“ dope ” or other contraband. But Tib-
betts had discovered nothing. Though
he had scanned the whole paper, sheet
by sheet, he had found it innocent of
guile. A certain blue-penciled article
had, indeed, arrested his suspicious eye,
but it had been merely an account of a
riot at Tammany Hall.

  “ Nothin’ to object to here,” he had
said to Turnkey Bartlett. “ Let him
have it.” So Pod got the paper.

  Wearily he unfolded it.

  No avid reader, Pod. He was pining
for the open, now that spring was com-
ing over the hill—longing for the good
green Fields of Graft, where erstwhile
he and Bender had so joyously disported,
before that misplay of the Old Home-
stead had combined with his own defect-
ive sprinting qualities to land him in
the place of tin spoons, striped clothing,
and barred windows.

  “ Readin’! ” he scoffed disgustedly.
“ Who wants t- flash a lamp at readin’,
I’d like to know, with all those tricks
just waitin’ to be trumped on the out-
side?”

  He yawned voluminously. Then his
dull eye caught the blue-penciling.

  “Eh? What?” he queried. “That
looks like news from home! ”

   He read the article all through, squint-

ing in the dim light of the cell. Then
he turned the paper over and looked care-
fully at the back of it. He passed his
fat finger over the surface. A smile
broadened his good-humored face.

  “ Huh! ” he grunted. “ I guess that’s
what it is, all right, all right—news! ”

  Once more he scanned the text with
minute attention, holding the paper close
to his eyes with one hand, while with the
other he scratched his bald spot. When
he had quite finished, he held the paper
up to the dull square of light which
seeped in through the window from the
jail yard.

  Never in his life had his perceptions
been more keen. Here, there, in certain
letters of the print, minute holes showed,
mere tiny punctures with the finest of
needle-points.

  Long, lovingly. Pod studied these
punctures. Dawning comprehension
brightened his smile. Half an hour or
more he studied, by the fading light.
Then he nodded, and with a sudden ac-
cess of joy noiselessly slapped his leg.

  He heard the pad-pad-pad of the turn-
key’s rubber soles coming down the cor-
ridor. Instantly he tore the paper into
bits and flung it on the concrete floor.

  “ Huh! Who th’ devil wants t’ read
stale news, in here?” the turnkey heard
him growl disgustedly. Then came a
rattling of the cell-door.

  “ Hey there, Bo, can’t you give us
somethin’ that ain’t green with moss?”
Pod hailed.

  “ Shut up in there, you, or I’ll report
ye! ” Bartlett retorted, as, frowning, he
made his way to the office.

II.

  Oxe week from that day a book came
to the Ponkapog jail addressed to Mr.
William Slattery, and, this, too, reached
his hands.

  Warden Tibbetts, of course, looked it
all through; but who could object to a

 679
4

680	THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

series of essays on “ Moral Regenera-
tion ” by the Rev. Kenneth Blair?

  Pod let the turnkey see him dutifully
reading the first of these essays; but that
afternoon, at the early supper-hour, he
“ palmed ” a tin spoon from the table,
and took it with him to his cell.

   Before the lights were all put out, at
nine o’clock, he had straightened the
handle of the spoon till it made a sort
of blade, and had pried open the thick
pasteboard back cover of the volume.

  From a little cavity deftly fashioned
there he withdrew a very thin tablet of
some reddish substance and a tiny cam-
el’s-hair brush. These he hid under his
mattress.

  The book, after having carefully
pressed its cover together again and
rubbed the edge with pipe-ashes till the
split was hidden, he stood on the little
corner shelf, along with the compulsory
Testament.

  Next morning he chewed his day’s
allowance of tobacco into a strong quid
and tucked it close up under his arm-
pit, where he held it all day long. And
in the quiet hour between eight and nine,
when prying eyes were few, he sought out
his brush and tablet.

  Wetting the brush in his mouth he
rubbed it on the tablet. The brush grew
red.

   “ Anilin’s the stuff, an’ no miss-play.
at that! ” he murmured, as with deft dabs
he spotted his face, neck, chest and arms
with a fine red 11 rash.” These he labored
over till they were perfect.

  “Tell me they ain't th’ goods!”
thought he. “ ‘ Nothin’ you ever learn,
Bill, but what may help you some time,’
my poor old mother used t’ say when I
was a kiddo, and right she was!

  “ That time I panhandled in Bean-
town, hung out in the Retreat on T-
Wharf and got hep to the gentle art of
‘jiggered’ arms and phony sores—say,
what I learned then is the elixir now,
eh? These here eruptions take the dust-
microbes from none, or I’m a preacher.
They’ll keep me several laps in the lead
over old Tibbetts, all right, till we un-
cover a few oddities! ”

   He finished his task, once more hid the
tablet and the brush, then wrapped him-
self in his blanket and lay down in his
bunk with a low groan.

   “ That groan comes pretty near bein’
the genuine goods,” he pondered. “ Fact
is, the quid’s beginnin’ to bite. By
mornin’ there’ll be a sick Pod in this jail,
no white-powder trance about that!
Well, let ’er happen. I’m ready—if Ben
is!”

   He snuggled the tobacco closer under
his arm and composed himself to sleep.

   “ Gee, but I’m dizzy, now I stop to
notice it! ” he murmured. “ There’ll
sure be a sick Pod by breakfast-time!”

III.

  There was a sick Pod, very sick,
actively and noisily sick. By midnight,
sleep had quite abandoned him. By 2
a.m. his groans were echoing with un-
simulated wo through the corridors of
Ponkapog jail.

  By three—though he made no demand
for help—the night-watchman realized
that oaths and threats and commands to
“ Dry up, in there, an’ go t’ sleep! ”
availed nothing. By three-thirty the
warden himself, roused from slumber,
was standing over Pod, a lantern in one
hand and a clinical thermometer in the
other.

   He didn’t intend to be fooled by any
malingerer, not he!

   No doctor could be had at that unholy
hour, save by telephoning over to Hamp-
ton Center, eight miles away, where the
county pest-house was. Judson Atkins,
the jail physician, was off to a convention
on hospital practise, at Rutland. Ward-
en Tibbetts therefore officiated.

  “What’s th’ matter with ye? hey?”
he demanded, prodding the sufferer.

   He had no love for this fat, quizzical
prisoner of his who could, on occasion,
discourse freely in the most extraordinary
language on rural characteristics.

  “ Come, speak up, thar! What’s
wrong? ”

   Pod only groaned and heaved, wrapped
the blanket round his head, and breathed
heavily in staccato time.

   “ W&n’t talk, you? I think ye’re tryin’
t’ hornswoggle me, that’s what I think!
I’ve seed sech doin’s afore. Cal’late
this here thermometer will tell! ”

  He twitched the blanket from Pod’s
face, while the night-watchman stood be-
hind him, holding the lantern, and thrust
POD FLITS.

681

the little glass tube under the lolling
tongue. Pod, sick as he really was,
rolled his eyes horribly and added a little
quiver to the groans.

  “Thar! Now we’ll see!” exclaimed
Tibbetts presently, withdrawing the tube.
He held it close to the lantern and
squinted at it, turning it this way, then
that, to catch the magnification of the
mercury.

  “What? One hundred an’ two an’ a
half? An’ pulse runnin' like a tarnation
race-horse? Je-n/-salem! Say, Jack-
son, 1 reckon as how this here man has
got somethin’ crossways in his gizzard.
Here, gimme that light, will ye ? ”

  He held the lantern close to Pod’s dis-
torted face, and scanned it narrowly. A
whistle escaped his puckered lips. He
pulled down the blanket, ripped open
Pod’s coarse shirt and surveyed his fat
chest, a growing fear in his eyes.

  “ My Lord, but I—I wish—” groaned
Pod.

  “ Wish what, you? ”

  “Wish I’d—(oh, my head!)—been
vaccinated ’fore I ever left New York!
It—ulihli!—run out last year, my—last
vaccination did! ”

  Warden Tibbetts dropped his lantern,
crashing, to the floor, and backed away
in sudden, sickening fear.

  “ You—you, Jackson—you’ve had it
a’ready, ain’t ye?” he gasped.

  “ Sure I have! ” answered the watch-
man, gathering up the lantern just in
time to save it from going out. “ Twelve
years ago last fall. I—”

   “ All right, all right! ” cried Tibbetts,
retreating out of the cell. “ You’re th’
man t’ see this through, not me! I’ll git
a wagon. You wrap him up good an’
hustle him out o’ here, P.D.Q., see?
Don’t take him through the office. Take
him out th’ back way. We got t’ git him
over to th’ Center right off quick! ”

  From well outside the place of dread
he gave his orders in a tremulous voice.
No more critical inspection for him!

  “ Gee, but it’s lucky he’s a coward, an’
the light’s poor! ” reflected Pod, between
groans.

  All up and down the dark corridor
bunks were creaking, cell-doors rattling,
lugubrious voices asking:

  “What’s th’ row? Somebody dyin’?
Hey, Bo. put us wise.”

  Somebody answered: “ Smallpox! ”
and a general gasp pervaded the night
air.

  “ Git him out! Hurry! Hurry! ” re-
peated Tibbetts, executing a well-covered
retreat toward the office. Two minutes
later he was rousing Big Jim Butts, the
prison hostler, and ordering out the ex-
press-wagon.

  “ Oh, my, what you goin’ t’ do with
me?” blubbered Pod. “You ain’t goin’
to—take me to th’—pest-house, arc
you ? ”

   “ Sure I be! ” answered Jackson cheer-
fully.

  “No! No!” protested the sick man
with pitiable terror. “Not there! Any
place but there! Oh, why can’t you
lemme die in peace, right here?”

  “ We ain’t a worryin’ none ’bout your
dyin’,” Jackson assured him, as he
wrapped the extra blanket close about
Pod’s quivering form. “ It’s th’ jail we’re
thinkin’ of. Can’t have that infested, y’
see.

  “ Hev t’ fumigate it now, as it is.
Come on, no>v, set up. Git yer feet to
th’ floor. I’ll help ye. You kin still
walk a bit, can’t ye? ”

  “Walk? Nah! Won’t neither! No
pest-house fer mine! ”

   In vain Jackson pleaded, urged, threat-
ened, expostulated. Only when he had
commandeered a trembling, panic-strick-
en prisoner, and with his help lugged the
groaning, feebly struggling two hundred
and eighty pounder by main force down
the corridor and through the back
entrance, did Pod Slattery leave the
Ponkapog county jail.

IV.

  Away in the chill dark of that early
April morning drove the little party,
headed for Hampton Center. Big Jim
Butts drove the official mare. Jackson
sat beside him, spitting tobacco-juice be-
tween stray bits of conversation; and in
the bottom of the wagon, tightly wrapped
in two thick blankets, lay the prostrate
and complaining Pod.

  Warden Tibbetts did not appear to see
the party off. Already with panic haste
he was getting out the sulfur - candles
and filling the jail with strangling, cho-
king fumes.
682

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

  The village was asleep as they drove
through it at a walk. The houses were
all dark. No life showed itself, save
a lone, barking cur, and a matutinal
chanticleer or two.

   Over the frozen ruts the wagon jolted,
to the accompaniment of the sick man’s
groaping. Out of the town it passed,
and, turning to the south at the sign-
boards, headed for Hampton Center.

  Jackson, had he bothered to look
round, might have seen his invalid reach
in under the coarse shirt, withdraw some-
thing from his arm-pit, and fling it away;
but Jackson saw nothing. He was too
busy with reminiscences of his own small-
pox siege, twelve years ago.

  By the time the wagon had traversed
four miles, Pod found his health notably
bettered. The absence of the poisoning
quid helped him, the fresh air revived
him, and a certain expectant eagerness
stimulated his returning strength. He
forgot, now and then, to groan.

  "Sinkin’, is he?” queried Big Jim
Butts.

  “ Seems like,” the watchman answered.
‘‘No matter. What th’ devil do we care?
We’re doin’ our jooty anyhow, ain’t
we?”

  He clucked to the mare, and urged her
to a lumbering trot.

  Another mile passed. The road took
a curve, and plunged into Babbett’s
Woods, on the other side of which lay
Hampton.

  “ Dark in here, ain’t it?” commented
Jim, flicking his whip at an overbending
spruce bough.

  There came no answer, for all at once
the roadside bushes crackled and in the
semidusk Jackson and Butts saw a small,
crouching man run with unsteady steps
back into the woods, dodging from tree
to tree as though to hide himself.

   “ I swow ! What th’ tarnation’s that ? ”
cried Jim, reining the mare to a stand-
still. “ Sheep-thief, or hobo, or—”

  “ I dunno. Somethin’ wrong abaout
it, anyhow ! ” Jackson 'replied. “ Hey,
you 1 ” he shouted. “ Halt, there, in the
name o’ the law ! ”

  The fugitive sank to earth and dis-
appeared. In the dark undergrowth,
they lost all sight of him.

   " Shall we drive on? ” asked Jim.

  " Not by a gosh-blamed sight! ” Jack-

son retorted. He was keen for laurels
and promotion. “ No, sirree! You wait
here; I’ll ketch th’ cuss an’ see what.he’s
up to, anyhow.”

  Over the wheel he leaped, through the
brushwood he crashed, and with cautious
circumspection made his way toward the
spot where the stranger had seemed to
hide. As he went, rustling last fall’s
dead leaves underfoot, he called out
Warnings, commands, and challenges.

  “ Don’t hurt me! Leave me be! ” rose
a voice from a little dell off a couple of
hundred feet to the left. “ I ain’t done
nothin’ to you ! ”

  “ That’s all right what you’ve done
er ain’t.done,” roared Jackson, suddenly
emboldened by the fugitive’s evident fear
and weakness. “ You’re a s’picious char-
acter, that’s what ye be. Yeou come
along o’ me, savvy? I arrest ye, in th’
name o’ the State o’ Verhampshire! ”

  The man lay quite still, cringing and
terrified. Jackson strode up to him. Big
Jim, craning his neck from the wagon,
could just barely make out the watch-
man’s figure.

  “ Get up! ” commanded Jackson, kick-
ing him.

  “ Oooh! Don’t, please ! ” begged the
man. Jackson saw that he was slight,
and ragged, and in apparent pain.
“ ’Tain’t my fault if I’m sick an’ ain’t
got no home nor place t’ go! Lemme
be!”

  11	Sick, be ye ? Let’s see! Reckon
yeou’11 be sicker’ fore I’m through with
ye! ”

  Jackson knelt beside the prostrate
form. Something flashed. The watch-
man, with hair-bristling fear, found him-
self looking right into the round, cold
mouth of a blue revolver—a mouth that
seemed big as a young cannon to his ter-
rified eyes.

  “What—what—?” he stammered.
The fugitive sat up and with fearful
earnestness exclaimed: “ Make me sicker,
will you? We’ll see about that! Look
here, you blundering yahoo, if you want
to live, you do just what I tell you, now,
and do it quick, see ? ”

  “ I—I—all right—what? ”

  “ Put your two hands out here. No,
closer together. There, that’s- right.
Now hold ’em so! Shut your eyes,
tight! ”
POD FLITS.

683

                 There came a click, another one. Jack-
               son felt something cold upon his wrists.

              “ Bracelets! ” he groaned. “Gosh
            a’mighty, what’s up?”

                 The slight man with the blue revolver
vouchsafed no answer. All he said was:
“ Now stand up against that hemlock,
“	there. No, not that one—the other. Be

             quick, or—”

               “ All right, I will. Don’t shoot,
^	mister! ”

                And the erstwhile valiant one backed
              up with an exceeding meekness to a tow-
              ering conifer. A minute later, the slight
              man had lashed him firmly to it with a
              hank of braided rope, thin rope but very
              strong. Then with deft speed he gagged
              the captive with a rough stick and some
              linen twine. His hands were none too
              tender and the twine cut Jackson’s flesh,
              but Jackson never whimpered, for the
              fear of death was strong upon him.

                  The slight man whistled twice, a shrill
               note, and started toward the road.

               Big Jim Butte, his suspicions well
             aroused that something was amiss,
             dropped the reins and started to clamber
             down from the wagon. But just as his
             foot touched the top of the wheel, a
             strange thing happened. Up from be-
             hind him rose a huge, inchoate form, vast
             in bulk, shedding blankets right and left.
             Staggering it rose, dizzy with anguish, yet
             terrible in determination.

                Clad only in rough prison underwear,
              pallid, with contracted features, this ap-
              parition hurled itself on Jim, from the
              rear, before the driver could so much as
              turn. Not by dint of blows, but just with
              sheer impact of weight, the mighty form
              hurled Butts to earth, fell atop of him,
              then clung, crushing the very breath out
              of him. 1 im bad no wind for even a sec-
              ond cry of “ Help ! ”

                Help was fast coming, though not for
              Jim. The slight and agile man, crying:
              “Hold him, Pod! Hold him!” burst
              out of the woods into the road, and Jim

*	Butts, too, found himself inspecting the

               blue muzzle of the .44.

                 “ You can get up now,” said the slight
               man.

                “ I don’t know about that,” Pod an-
              swered. “Dizzy? Say! My coco’s
              doin’ a merry whirl, all right. Here,
              Ben, give us a flipper, will you? So,
              that’s right! ”

  He leaned against the wagon, panting.

  Jim, gasping for breath, blinked at the
revolver.

  “ Sma—sma—smallpox! Keep away! ”
he managed to hiccup. “ You’ll—catch
it!”

  “ Sure, I understand,” Bender assented.
“ Get up! Peel! ”

  “ Huh?”

  “ Stand up and get your clothes off,
P.D.Q., or I’ll make a salt-shake out of
you ! Got it ? ”

  Utterly dazed, Big Jim arose.

  Five minutes later, he too, wrapped in
blankets, was standing in the woods,
bound fast to a tree and gagged with his
own handkerchief.

  “ We’ll send somebody for you, before
night! ” was Bender’s parting shot as
he and Pod climbed into the wagon and
with a sharp cut of the lash started the
mare down the dusky road through the
woods.

V.

  Ben drove, while Pod with haste and
more agility than seemed compatible with
one so fat and recently so ill, clambered
into the clothes of Big Jim.

  “ Now you take the ribbons, Pod," said
Ben. And straightway he effected his
disguise by simply peeling off his ragged
gear and flinging it into the woods.
Underneath, a clean, whole suit appeared.
Ben drew a cap from his pocket, and the
transformation was complete.

  “ Gee, Ben, but you’re the nifty slicke-
rine! ” commented Pod with wonder-
ment. “ We’ve sure got the fun-ball
circling now! ”

  “ But not pocketed, as yet,” Ben an-
swered. “ Remember, it’s nine miles to
the station at Rawline, and fast getting
daylight. And this whole county a
spider-web of rural telephones. Don’t
forget that! ”

  “ You mean—”

  “ I mean that when the patient don’t
arrive at Hampton pest-house, as he
ought to, now, inside of half an hour or
so, there’ll be doings. Tibbetts has noti-
fied ’em you’re coming, of course. You
see what’s due to arrive, all right! If
we romp home in the lead, it’ll be no
fault of theirs!’’

  “True for you. Shall we duck th’
buggy and beat it on foot ? ”
684

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

  “ Forget it! I've got something down
on the dope-sheet worth ten of that. Just
you wait and keep the optics skinned!
Say, but it worked, didn't it, eh? Oh, a
pip! All fitted together like a jig-saw
puzzle. Tibbetts, ha! ha!”

  “ Took th’ hook, line, sinker, pole an’
all. Scared green, too. Did a quick re-
verse when he saw ihe spots.”

  “ Don’t blame him. Slickest make-up
ever. So smooth it took all curves with-
out a jar—except to Tibb & Co. There’s
more show-me happenings, stamped with
the hap-brand, too, dated to arrive. Just
wait! ”

  Joyfully discussing tilings past, pres-
ent, future, they drove on and 011 at the
mare’s best speed. Half a mile from the
scene of the liold-up they passed a farmer
driving in with milk to Hampton. He
eyed them keenly, but'did not molest
them.

  “Hang this dawn-stunt! ” growled
Pod. “If it was only midnight, now—!
Why ain’t I a Joshua?”

  Even in the deep woods they could see
that the light was growing very strong.
The sun would be up, now, any time. At
a little brook running beneath the road,
they paused for a drink and a wash, which
served the double purpose of refreshing
them and removing Pod’s anilin rash.

  “Quick convalescence, eh?” smiled
Ben, as they once more set forward and
turned into a cross-road leading over the
hills to Rawlins.

  “ Surest thing you know ! ” assented
Pod. “ Nobody could stay sick long,
with your patent get-there line o’ reme-
dies.”

  The woods thinned out, and finally

gave place to cleared land as they kept
eastward. Morning had now fully come,
and with it a revival of life in farm-
houses and along the road. Ben urged
the old mare forward. Plain to see, he
chafed under the rural scrutiny. Pod,
too, was anxious.

  Just outside a little settlement, which
straggled down a hillside, they came to
an old church set far back from the road
in a grove of cypress. To the left of it
stood a tumble-down hearse-house. Ben
drove into the yard and reined the mare
to a standstill beside this structure..

  “ Here we are. Get out! ” he re-
marked. “ Here’s the place I picked.”

  Pod climbed ponderously down. He
and Ben forced the door, with a couple
of vigorous shoves, and peered in.

  “Good! Still there!” said Ben.
“ You unharness. I’ll run it out.” He
seized the shafts of the old-fashioned,
solid-sided vehicle.

  Presently the wagon was in the hearse-
house and the hearse was hitched to the
official mare. They closed the door
again. Nobody had seen them—so, at
least, they thought.

  “ Now, Pod, here’s the dido I haven’t
put you lucid to, as yet. I11 you go, now,
quick! ”

  “In? In where?”

   “ In there ! ”

  “What? Me, in that cold-meat cart?
With not even a window to peek out
of?”	,

  “ That’s the program. You’re dead—
of smallpox—see?”

  Pod spluttered protests, but Ben stood
firm. “ Get in, you stiff! What right’s
a cadaver to talk back, eh? Here, I’ll
help you up. So! N ow remember, what-
ever happens, not a word out o’ you, or
it’s all off!”

  A minute later, Ben was on the seat,
looking very lugubrious, and the hearse,
weighted to the limit of its springs, was
swaying and jolting out of the church-
yard behind the somnolescent equine.

VI.

  Ben turned back from the settlement,
back over the hill, and soon had the satis-
faction of seeing the last of the church-
spire with the morning sun gilding its
tip. Down the first cross-road running
east he turned, and urged the mare into
a trot.

  The hearse bounced and rocked, yaw-
ing heavily into the ruts and coming up
into the wind, as it were, with a strong
list as its ponderous cargo shifted. A
groan, now and then, issued from the
stuffy box, but Ben rapped on its top
with his whip-handle, commanding si-
lence. Farmhouses were scattered all
along the road, and he could not afford
to risk such a luxury on Pod’s part as
groaning.

  They had proceeded a couple of miles,
and already Ben’s spirits were rising high
—for the railroad now lay less than an
POD FLITS.

685

hour’s travel ahead, and with this change
of equipage all* chances seemed in their
favor—when a disconcerting set-back
brought the frowns to the driver’s keen
face.

  They were just passing a farm, Ben
driving decorously, with hat pulled low
over his eyes, when a gaunt woman
appeared at the door of a wood-shed and
scanned the hearse with knitted brows
and hand on hip. There were telephone-
wires leading into the house.

  “ Cy! Cy! ” Ben heard her call.
“ Come here, quick ! ”

  Ben kept his pose and never so much
as jerked a rein, but his heart leaped. A
man appeared in the doorway.

  “ I snum ef it ain’t! ” Ben heard him
say, in answer to some inaudible remark
of the woman’s. “ I’ll hook up, an’
see! ”

  “ Oh, you’ll see, will you? ” thought
Ben. He had passed, now, out of sight
of the house, so he lashed the mare to a
sharp trot.

  “ Somebody must be wise,” he thought.
“ Somebody must have piped the game.
And curse these rural telephones for
gossip! Well, if we’ve got to do the
dash, we’ve got to do it, that’s all. Come
on, there, come! ” Once more the whip-
lash whistled.

  Ben felt that the true character of his
freight was still quite unsuspected.
Surely the time had been too short for
the whole truth to leak; but none the
less, if he were suspected merely of steal-
ing the settlement hearse, that would
bring on most fatal complications.

  “ Got to beat it, that’s all! ” said he.

  Around the bends he drove at a good
lick, the old hearse creaking, jolting and
careering heavily. A long hill, he saw,
lay before him, down into the valley at
whose lower end lay Rawlins, the rail-
road. deliverance. He thanked his stars
for the long hill. That would speed him
half a mile or more on his way. Vigor-
ously he laid on the whip; the old mare
kicked up her heels and hit the grit in
earnest.

  And now the hearse lunged into a mad
career. Loose rocks and gravel flew,
dust rose in the morning sunlight, springs
complained and loose spokes rattled.

  Every “ thank-you-ma’am ” sent the
crazy rattletrap bounding into air, to

come down a-slew and right itself with
wild, eccentric gyrations.

  The pace quickened. The. old hearse,
freighted as never before, hurled itself
down the hill, devouring space, faster
and faster as it neared the bottom.

  Ben, laughing aloud, laying on the
whip where it would do the most good,
glanced back. His laughter ceased, and
a strong word filled his mouth. Behind
him, just topping the hill some half a
mile in the rear, plainly visible against
the sky-line, he caught sight of a pur-
suing wagon. He saw the driver’s arm
rise, fall, and knew the rod was nowise
being spared.

  “ Go it, Cresceus! ” he shouted to the
now terrified mare, and rained down
blows.

  The hearse struck a hummock. Some-
thing went Smash' and shrill cries rang
out—wild, inarticulate cries. Ben, haul-
ing vainly on the ribbons, looked round.
He saw the roadway strewn with boards,
ascatter.

  “ Good Lord ! The bottom’s out! ”
he cried. “ Pod’s running, in the
hearse! ”

  Then, as he looked, a huge and rotund
figure fell astern, rolled, ricochetted,
sprawled, bounced, and came to rest. It
struggled up and lunged into a stagger-
ing run after the fleeing equipage, with
wild yells, dusty, disheveled.

  “ Whoa, Emma! Whoa! ” roared Ben,
jerking the reins savagely. The mare
obeyed. Slower and. slower the hearse
went, then stopped still.

  Ben jumped from the seat and ran
back.

  “ Hurt?” he cried.

  “ Hurt, nothin’! But say—what—”

  “ Cut the questions, Pod! They’re
after us! We’ve got to make a diversion
of some sort, and hike across-lots! He^*
that? ”

  He held up a warning finger. Pod
listened, panting. Far up the hill, out
of sight around its sweep, came a rattle
of loose stones.

  “ Yaps coming ! Be here in three min-
utes! Quick, that hay! ”

  Ben pointed at a lop-sided old hay-
stack by the roadside.

   “ Quick ! Stuff the hearse! ”

  Without waiting for explanations, he
dived for the stack and came back with
686

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

a heaping armful. I'od, questioning not,
imitated him. Into the hearse they
crammed it. Enough bottom-boards re-
mained to hold it in its place.

  “ Now, a match ! Hurry ! Hurry! ”

  The match went Fsss! Ben thrust it
into the hay. A tiny flame leaped up,
then thickened and threw out yellow
smoke.

  “All right, let ’er go!” cried Ben.
“ Duck for the woods! ”

  He gave the mare a fierce, final cut of
the lash.

  “ Get up ! Go on there, you ! ” he
shouted, and kicked her in the ribs. She,
terrified beyond all measure, leaped into
a wild run.

  Flaming like a meteor, with a long,
demise trail of smoke streaming behind,
the blazing apparition hurled itself into
the valley.

 “ Down! Down! ” cried Bender,
seizing Pod and hauling him behind a
tangled growth of birch and hardback.

  Barely hidden from sight of the road,
they heard the dash and rattle of their
pursuer’s wagon. Then came another,
and a third. Profane, astonished yells
rose on the air.

  “Hell’s loose! Thar goes—th’ fust
load—naow! ” a high-pitched nasal voice
shouted in mingled fear and amaze.

  Quite still lay Pod and Ben. No more
wagons passed. Gradually peace de-
scended on the spring landscape.

  “ Come on, Bo, let's beat it for the
uncut! ” chuckled Pod. at length.

  “Right-o. I’m with you!” answered
Ben.

  They got cautiously to their feet and
started for the woods which lay a quarter
of a mile back of the road.

  “ That’ll hold ’em for an hour or two,
that Hell-buggy will,” grinned the ex-
invalid.

  “ Longer than that,” Ben opined, “ or
I don’t know the Jay psychology. And
by that time, let ’em find us—if they
can!

  “ There’s other stations besides Raw-
lins, and other south-bound night freights
besides the one that stops there. Give us
a freight and the two phony-cards I’ve
got in my pocket, and—”

  “ And it’s Broadway for ours, a one
best bet! ” exclaimed the radiant Pod as
they disappeared into the sheltering
forest.

THE WORKINGMAN’S SONG.
By John Stuart Blackie.

I AM no gentleman, not I!

I No bowing, scraping thing!

I bear my head more free and high
Than titled count or king."

I am no gentleman, not I!

No, no, no!

And only to one Lord on high
My head I bow.

I am no gentleman, not I!

No bully, braggart thing!

With jockeys on the course to vie,
With bulldogs in the ring.

I am no gentleman, not I!

No, no, no!

The working man might sooner die
Than sink so low.

I am no gentleman, not I!

No star-bedizened thing!

My fathers filched no dignity,

By fawning on a king.

I am no gentleman, not I!

No, no, no!

And to the wage of honesty
My rank I owe.
THE YELLOW SARD.’

By Sidney Fredericks.

A tale of love and mystery, and of a night of terror
in Tangier.

SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS.

INTO the midst of a Moroccan political intrigue, Elise Dexter and John Burroughs,
American travelers, are precipitated by the girl's purchasing in Tangier a yellow sard
ring. The two are separated; Elise is captured and locked up by some Moors, and
Burroughs is carried off by two Frenchmen, Savary and Dupre, to a house, where he is
accused of murdering one Bompard, and is searched for the ring and “ papers.” Dupre
gets the ring from him, but a scuffle ensues, in which it is supposed both Frenchmen are
killed. Suddenly a woman appears in a doorway. Explanations ensue. She says that she
is Simone, a Frenchwoman, interested in the intrigue; that the ring belongs to Muley-
Hafid, the rightful Sultan of Morocco, and bids Burroughs take her to the shop where it
was bought. In the journey they get into a brawl and Burroughs is wounded in the
shoulder, so that they repair to Sirrtonc's house to rest. There conies Savary, recovered.
Burroughs hides, while Savary, still accusing him of stealing the “ papers ” and the ring,
and of killing Bompard, shakes dice with Simone for the American’s life. He wins, but
the American has gone From the window hangs a rope made of bedclothes.

    Meanwhile, Elise has escaped from the Moors, only to fall into the clutches of a
Jew, who appears to know something about the ring. He takes her first to Savary's house
to hunt for it; then, disappointed, they go to his. He exerts some sort of hypnotic power
over the girl, and she, after writing a letter asking to be ransomed, stays in his house.

    Burroughs is nearly recaptured by Savary, but again saved by Simone, who locks up
the Frenchman in a closet. She and Burroughs then go in search of Elise and the
“ papers.”	^	__

CHAPTER XIII.

WHO KILLED BOMPARD?

THE match dropped from Bur-
roughs’s fingers, and he stood
glaring through the darkness at
Simone.

  “ He has tricked you,” he chided.
“ You should have been sure. What are
we going to do now?”

  “ Go to his own house,” she answered.
  “ You know where that is? ”

  “ I told you that I knew all the under-
 world of Tangier. If the Jew had
 known who was following him, he might
 have spared himself some trouble or
 have given me more.”

  “ But suppose he is not at his house? ”
  “We can try.”

  “ Is it far?”

  “ In this street. He was nearly home
before he tried this trick.”

They hurried out, and in a little while

•Began April All-Story

Magazine.

687

they stood before the same door which,
an hour previous, Elise and the Jew had
entered.

  “You’re sure this is the place?”

  “ Yes, this is it. Are you afraid? ”
Burroughs looked up at the blank
walls of the house, as if to question
them of their secrets. “ The only fear
that amounts to anything is the kind
that makes you turn back,” he answered,
and put his hand to the door.

  It was fastened from the inside.
“And now what?” he queried. “Are
we going to call him out, or break in?”
Simone hesitated.

  “Jean,” she said, “he is a dangerous
man. I am afraid of him. But we will
stand together, whatever happens?”

  “ Yes,” jerked out Burroughs, “ what-
ever happens. We don’t believe much in
evil eyes in my town; and I don’t think
he’ll have a chance to exert it, if I get
my hands on him first.”

Single copies, 10 cents.
688

TI1E ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

  “ But you must not kill him—that is,
not until he has told where the letters
are,” she added naively.

  “ What happens to him will depend
on what has happened to Miss Dexter.”

  “ But you are going to help me get
the letters?”

  “ To the last ditch,” said Burroughs.

  Simone lifted her hand and knocked.

  No answer.

  Then Burroughs applied his knuckles,
and they could hear the raps echoing
from the hollow place within. Still
there was no answer.

  “You’re sure this is the place?” the
young man asked for the third time.

  “ Yes, yes.”

  His response to this was to lay his
shoulder to the door.

  “ You will frighten them, and they
will escape by the roof.”

  “ They are already warned,” he ex-
claimed excitedly, and, stepping back,
hurled his body against the cedar planks.

  The result was the pop of a broken
fastening, and the two rushed in.
Through the dark little courtyard they
hurried up the stairs to a room where a
candle burned. The flame flickered to
the draft made by their entrance; but
it was the only moving thing present.

  Burroughs snatched the candle from
its socket, and, holding it high above
his head with one hand, while he grasped
liis cocked revolver in the other, he
started to search the house. Simone fol-
lowed closely.

  In the previous happenings of the
evening she had taken the initiative, but
now she showed her willingness to let the
man lead.

  They entered room after room. All
were empty; and Burroughs pressed on
to the housetop. As he mounted the
steps, a puff of air blew out the flame.
He did not stop to rekindle it; and
when he reached the roof, there was 110
need. Light was already provided.

  A three-weeks’-old 1110011 had lifted its
scarred face above the horizon; every-
thing about was clearly discernible. There
was 110 sign of a fugitive.

  The artist ran across the roof to the
nearest parapet and sent his glance
searching in all directions. Everything
was quiet.

  As he stood looking, conscious of the

fact that the girl he sought was not
there, he gradually lost the idea of the
search and the picture itself gripped him.

  This was a new world of Tangier.
The whole of the place seemed sprinkled
with powdered silver, while here and
there were tints borrowed from the pearl
shell and the turquoise. Not far away
a minaret lifted a pale blue filament of
shadow against the silver light.

  Far down he could hear the drone of
the sea, and could detect the faint white
sparkle of the waves as they came in to
beat murmurously against the sea-wall.
In the air above he saw the moving
shadow of a night-bird, and a light, tink-
ling note dropped out of the heavens.
He breathed deeply, and the air was tonic
to his lungs; it braced and steadied him.
He stretched his arms, and found that
his shoulder no longer pained him.

  The sense of beauty touched him only
for a moment. He jumped down and
hurried back to where Simone stood.

  “ We have lost them, if they were ever
here,” he said despairingly.

  “ We can search the house. Perhaps
I can find the letters.”

  He snapped his fingers impatiently.
He did not care for the letters; he want-
ed to see Elise, to know the truth about
her, for now that he had some trace of
her, his fears were graver than before.
There was nothing to do, however, but to
follow the Frenchwoman down into the
dark house, where he relit the candle and
handed it to her.

  She looked about the place carefully,
and then pronounced decidedly: “Yes,
this is his house. I know that cloak
hanging there. I have seen him wear it.”
With that she began to examine the
clothes that hung on the wall, while Bur-
roughs stood still in the middle of the
room, watching. She went through the
garments, turned over bedding, opened
the drawers of the table, looked every-
where for the letters. Finally she
turned to him with her hands spread
wide in perplexity.

  “ No use.”

  “ What’s to do?”

  “ We can wait for them. They must
come back.”

  “ Wait,” snapped the artist. “ And
while we are waiting the world ma^
blow up. I’m going down.”
THE YELLOW SARD.

689

  “ But what good will that do? Where
will you go?”

  “ Anywhere to try to find them—to
lay the matter before the authorities.”
He bolted out of the room, and the
woman followed close.

  They were at the outer door again,
and had halted for a second to decide
which way to go, when Simone pointed
down the street.

  “S’st!” she warned. “Some one is
coming. It may be the Jew.”

  A moment later a man’s form swung
out of the shadows.

  “ It is he,” she whispered. “ Care-
ful, we must let him get in.”

  They stumbled back through the pas-
sage and, shrinking against the wall,
waited the man’s entrance. He paused
a long time at the outer door, apparently
suspicious because he found it open.

  Then they heard him moving cautious-
ly toward-the stairs. Fortunately, his
desire to reconnoiter was in their favor,
for he did not use his hand-lamp. His
garments almost brushed them as he
crept past, and Burroughs fully expected
that he would give himself away by his
breathing.

  The Jew’s senses, however, were all
centered on the rooms above, where he
expected trouble, if there was any. The
two stalked him more silently than he
went himself; and when he entered the
candle-lit room, they paused at the door-
way, watching.

  The absence of Elise and his wife
roused immediate suspicion. He stopped
abruptly, his head lifted, his black eyes
searching around him.

  “ Irene,” he called softly.

  Burroughs, his eye to the opening be-
tween the curtains, felt the woman be-
side him shudder ; her hand groped at his
side till she found his, and she nestled
her own within it like a child asking for
protection.

  She was afraid of the mysterious evil
eye, and for a second her fear was com-
municated to her companion. He real-
ized that they were about to face an un-
known danger.

  It was one thing to laugh at evil eyes
as long as you felt yourself a good
American and were in a region where the
laws of the West held good. This was
another world; so, for a second, his doubt

   8	S

came back as her cold fingers slid into
his and he felt her body pressing him
close.

  He had had the fear before, and had
conquered it. This was no time for
hesitation; he must act. And the next
thought — that this man knew where
Elise was—sent the courage rolling back
through his veins like new blood.

  “Irene!” the Jew called again, and
started across the room.

  “ Stay here,” counseled Burroughs, and
stepped out to confront the man.

  As the latter looked into the nose of
a thirty-eight, he jumped back with a cry
of astonishment.

  “ Shut up! ” said the young man
roughly; and then in French he added:
“ Hold up your hands! ”

  The Jew hesitated for the click of a
clock. Then his hands came slowly up
above his head, and a smile curled at his
thin lips. The craftiness of the smile
somehow put Burroughs in a panic.

  He had been forcing himself to an
attitude that he was not quite sure of;
and as soon as he felt the man’s hard
and compelling gaze on him, the memory
of Simone’s fears regarding the duel
they were entering on began to play
havoc with his nerve. He dared not
shift his eyes from his opponent lest the
latter leap at him or draw a weapon.

  And now the Jew’s hands, with their
long, tapering fingers, began to move
downward as if they were to be extend-
ed above the American’s head in an
attitude of benediction. But it was no
blessing that the man pronounced.

  He put one foot forward and leaned
slightly toward his victim; he thrust his
face near him till he seemed to envelop
the other’s personality by his own.

  “ Xou can’t shoot,” he announced in
very clear English. “ Put down that
pistol! ”

  It was just what Burroughs had ex-
pected, and he had thought he was ready
for it, but the man’s will was stronger
than his own. He tried to pull the trig-
ger, but even as he made the effort he
knew that he would fail.

  He set his teeth and fought the influ-
ence. The Jew advanced one step and
spoke the words again in a low tone of
command. Slowly Burroughs lowered
the revolver.
690

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

  The other’s tense face relaxed to an
evil grin. It faded as Simone’s voice
cut the silence. She had gone round by
the little gallery and come upon the
man in the rear. She had him covered
with her revolver, but her voice quav-
ered a little as she cried:

  “ Stop! ”

  The Jew spun round like a flash, and
his hand went to his breast for a
weapon.

  “ Hold up your hands or I’ll shoot! ”
she ordered.

  The Jew laughed.

  “ You can’t! ” he snapped, shifting his
position one step so that by a slight turn
of the head he could face either of his
adversaries.

  Burroughs caught his breath with a
half-sob as the man’s eyes left him. It
was as if a weight had been taken from
his brain. His own will again came
within calling distance.

  As for the Jew, he was between two
fires and was making the extraordinary
attempt to control two people at once.
He turned again to the American, and
once more Simone’s voice warned him.
Her tone was not so imperative as at
first; still, it was a command.

  “If you do not sit down and cover
your face, I will shoot. I will give you
three.”

  The evil eyes caught hers. Bur-
roughs felt his own freedom increase.
He was beginning to understand. The
Jew was nothing but a good hypnotist,
whom superstition had invested with
miraculous powers. He might control
one subject, but the American did not
believe he could manage two.

  The instant he told himself that, his
own will got dominion. Anger, white-
hot anger against the man who was
playing with him, blazed in his veins.
He saw the Jew’s hand lifted toward
Simone with its gentle, wave-like mo-
tion. He jumped toward him.

  The Jew saw the movement and faced
about; a knife glittered in his hand;
but he was too late to avoid the Ameri-
can’s long swing. The latter’s fist land-
ed squarely on the point of the hyp-
notist’s jaw and he tumbled in a sorry
heap on the floor.

  “ Don’t kill him,” called Simone.

  “ He won’t give any more trouble,”

announced Burroughs with the cheerful
certitude of one who has gained a point
and sees himself master. “ Give me that
piece of cloth.”

  He knelt over the half-conscious man
and pinioned his arms, while Simone
ran out to the gallery and returned with
a water-bottle, from which she sprinkled
a few drops on the Jew’s face. He
sniffed and opened his eyes as Bur-
roughs picked him up bodily and de-
posited him on the dirty divan.

  “ Now, my friend,” said the artist,
“ we’ll have no more of th'is darned
nonsense. You’ll please keep your eyes
on the floor, and if you try any more of
this evil-eye business, I’ll break your
jaw next time.”

  The Jew glanced under his brows at
the two who were covering him with
their revolvers from opposite sides of
the room. He groveled. He was
caught and conquered. The weapon
he had always found so effective had
failed him, and he was without resource,
for, physical^, he was a coward.

  “ What have I done? ” he whined.

  “ Where is the American girl who
was with you to-night ? ”

  “ I left her here. Have you not
found her?

  “ I was protecting her. Perhaps she
has gone back to her friends. I would
have taken her back to-morrow. It was
not safe for a foreign woman to be alone
at night where I found her, so I brought
her home. I did not harm her.”

  “Where are the letters?” cut in
Simone.

  The Jew looked dazed.

  “ I do not know what you mean. She
had 110 letters.”

  “ Don’t lie,” she said. “ I am not
talking of what she had.”

  Sweeping across the room she thrust
her hand into his mantle. Her whole
attitude toward him had changed. She
had seen him conquered and she 110
longer had any fear.

  Ever since she had seen the Jew in
Savary’s house, she had hesitated in her
quest, allowing Burroughs to take the
lead. Now she resumed her old air of
command. She gave no heed to his pro-
tests, but searched him thoroughly, even
making him take off his shoes and run-
ning her knife between the soles to make
THE YELLOW SARD.

691

sure that there was nothing concealed
there.

  Her search was unrewarded. Not a
scrap of paper was brought to light. At
one moment it almost seemed that she
was going to strike the man in her dis-
appointment.

  “What have you done with them?"
she demanded. “ Have you sold them
already, or have you hidden them?”

  “ I swear by the beard of Abraham
that I took nothing from the young lady.
I found her in the hands of some .Moors,
and I rescued her.”

  “Then why is she not here?” inter-
posed Burroughs.

  “ Perhaps she has escaped. I do not
know. But I took nothing from her.”
“ Don’t try to deceive me,” went on
Simone. “ I am not talking of anything
you took from the young lady. I am
talking of the letters to Muley-Hafid. If
you have hidden them and will give them
up, 1 will pay you, and I promise to let
you go free.”

  The man uttered another protestation.
“ But I do not know what you mean.
1 swear again that 1 have no letters.”

  “ The evidence is too strong against
you. Look at this.” She stepped up
to him and thrust the yellow sard in his
face.

  His jaw fell.

  “Then you have it? But it is not
mine. I am not a spy of Muley’s.”

  “ You do not deny that you sold the
ring to a goldsmith within the last twen-
ty-four hours?”

  “ But it was not mine. 1 did not
know what it was. I came on it by—
by accident.”

  Simone smiled. Her theory was
proving true.

  “ I thought so. You stole it, and, for
some reason, sold it. But you were so
anxious to get it back that you went to
the house of Savary, the Frenchman,
and searched a man’s body for it.”

  “ Then it was you whom I sensed
there,” he exclaimed. “ It was you
who followed us.”

  “ And now will you deny that it was
you who murdered Bompard, the other
Frenchman, and who stole his w'atch and
his ring and the letter? ”

  “Then there were letters taken?” he
asked, with sudden craftiness.

  “ If you deny it again—” she men-
aced.

  “ But it was not I who took them,”
he protested. “ It was not I who mur-
dered him. Wait,” he cricd, as Simone
made a threatening move toward him—
“ wait! I did steal the ring and the
watch. I confess. I did not know the
value of the ring, and I sold it. Then
1 found' out by accident, and I tried
to get it back to sell again to those who
could use it That was why 1 went to
Savary’s house. But the letters! I
know nothing of letters. The man who
did the murder must have them.”

  “ And you were the man. Who else
could be guilty? ”

  “ The man from whom I took the ring
and the watch, perhaps.”

  “ But you took them from Bompard.”
“ No, not from Bompard, though I
knew him.”

  “ From whom, then? If you lie, it
will go hard with you. From whom?”
“ From the wall-eyed Frenchman,
Alphonse Savary.”

CHAPTER XIV.

WHICH KILLED BOMPARD?

  If the Jew had let off a bomb he could
not have created more consternation than
he did by his words.

  Simone turned quickly to Burroughs,
but the latter laughed.

  “ See here, my friend,” he said, “ let’s
have done with this nonsense.”

  “ I am telling the truth,” shrilled the
man. “ I know nothing of the murder
of Bompard, nor of his letters. The ring
and the watch and a little money I had
from Savary. Find him and ask him
where he got the ring.”

  Burroughs was about to speak, but
Simone stopped him by a gesture.

  “ Wait. Let us hear your story,” she
said to the Jew. “ But be quick.”

  “ I got them from Savary."

  “ The whole story.”

  Burroughs stood impatiently while the
Jew continued in Arabic:

  “ It was last night. I was in a cafe,
watching the dancing-girls. I sat near
the platform, for the place was crowded.
'There were plenty of Moors, and there
were a few foreigners whose guides had
692

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

brought them. There was good dancing.
Raeina, the desert girl, was there, and the
Jewess from Fez. It was good dancing.

  “ Late—very late—a man came in and
shouldered up toward the platform. He
wore a red fez, and his burnoose was
drawn over his face; but I saw his bad
eye, and 1 knew Savary. He had been
drinking, and was not himself, lie sat
very close to me, and he seemed to be
thinking of something besides the dan-
cing, for his eyes were far away. At last
he went out, and I followed him to his
house; and when he slept, 1 entered, for
I knew he was in liquor and would not
be dangerous.

  “ 1 got the watch and the ring. He
had laid them on the table. The ring
was made for a large man, and I think
it did not fit him, so he could not wear
it. But I could not find his money. It
was concealed in his shirt.

  “ In the morning I sold the ring, and
later, when I went to sell the watch, I
found out what the ring was. I did not
know before. I conceived the idea of
getting it back. If it belonged to Muley-
Hafid, it was worth money. I found the
English girl. She had been seized by-
spies, who were keeping her for a re-
ward. I rescued her and brought her
here. To-morrow I would have taken
her back to her friends.”

  Burroughs stood eying the two while
the man spoke; he chafed at the delay.

   “ It is true,” protested the Jew. “ If
the ring was Bompard’s, ask Savary how
he got it.”

  Simone ruminated for a minute.
Then, blowing out her breath with a
sharp puff, she rapidly translated the
story to her companion.

  “ I wonder,” she finished musingly.
“ It is a strange tale.”

   “ He is simply trying to trick us,” ob-
jected Burroughs.

  “ I wonder.”

  “ But if Savary had the ring, why did
he pretend to think it was taken from
Bompard ? ”

  “ What if Savary took it himself?”

  “ But—”

  “ What if he killed him?”

   “ He has been hot on my trail, because
he says I killed him.”

  “ Perhaps to draw suspicion from him-
self.”

   Burroughs whistled.

   “ I can see that it is not impossible.
 He did not like Bompard.” Her lashes
 dropped languidly, and a slight smile
 came to her red lips. “He was jealous.
 I knew that, but 1 did not think it had
 gone that far. Perhaps it is true.”

   For a while she seemed to forget the
 Jew, as she went back in her brain, put-
 ting things together that would sustain
 the new hypothesis that had suddenly
 upset all their plans.

    “ Yes,” she said finally, “ it is possible
 that he killed Bompard and took the ring
 and the letters to make it appear that
 robbery was the motive.”

   “ But what was he going to do with
 the ring and the letters? They would be
 of no use to him alone. And if he mere-
 ly wanted to show robbery, he would
 have taken only the watch and the
 money. Then his tracks would have
 been covered, and he could have gone on
 and worked with the rest of you in car-
 rying out the plot. There must be some
 other reason behind his keeping the let-
 ters—if he has them, which I doubt.”

   “ Perhaps he meant to play traitor.”

. “But why?”

   “ To spite me and for the money. Abd-
 el-Aziz would pay a price for the letters,
 for to have them miscarry would upset
 all the Pretender’s plans.”

   “ If you want to know what I think
 about it,” said Burroughs, “ it is that
 this man here is lying in order to save
 his own mutton. It is easy to lay it on
 Savary when he isn’t here.”

   “ We must confront them with each
 other. If Savary has the letters, we have
 Savary.”

   “ How if he has already disposed of
 them? ”

   She clapped her hands with a sudden
 inspiration. “ He hasn’t,” she averred
 decidedly. “ Don’t you see? He in-
 tended to sell them yesterday, but the
 theft of the ring balked him. He need-
 ed both to make a good bargain. That
 was why he kidnaped you. And, having
 got the ring, lie persisted about the let-
 ters in order to hoodwink Dupre. Then
 came your fight in his room, and he was
 still without the letters.”

   “ It seems impossible.”

   “ And we must prove its possibility.
 We must go to Savary.”
THE YELLOW SARD.

693

  Burroughs came back to his own quest.
“ liut the American girl,” lie urged—
“ where is she ? ”

  “ I left her here with my wife.”

  “ But you have an idea where she is
gone.”

  “ I do not know, but I can search for
her. If you will let me go, I will find
her.”

  “ Very good,” said Burroughs. “ I’ll
go with you.”

  The Jew smiled.

  “ Yes,” he said, “ if the gentleman will
go with me, I will find her.”

  Simone interrupted:

  “ Not alone, Jean. You shall not go
with him alone. He will trick you. You
would never come back alive. There
must be some other way. Come with me
to get the letters from Savary and then
we will think what to do.”

  “ And in the meantime she will be
lost.”

  “ But it is suicide to follow him, and
even if we went together, he could lead
us into a trap as easy as a hunter baits
a boar.”

  Burroughs glimpsed the Jew’s sly
look, and he knew the truth of the
statement. He knew that he didn’t
want to be alone with that man. It
gave him the creeps, as he recalled his
helplessness when the Jew had stood
before him and waved his hand.

  “ You must not trust him,” pleaded
Simone. “ Go with me to confront
Savary, and then you can go back to
the pasha and raise the alarm. It is
the only way. Look! I am thinking
only of you when I ask it. Go with
me this last time, Jean, and then go
back to your own people. Go with
me.”

  She leaned toward him, and her bare
white arm, shaking free its loose sleeve,
went to his neck. For the second time
that night her lips were close to his,
and her attitude was of invitation.

  And Burroughs knew that she was
playing on his senses. He knew that,
despite her words, she still hoped to
win the look that she wanted. And
he knew, too, that, in spite of his saner
instincts, the love of this woman
thrilled and called to him.

  He forgot the captive Jew. ' He
knew only that Simone Colet was

breathing near him, and that her tropic
beauty was working on his pulses as
the smoldering fire of. wine.

' In another instant their lips would
have touched, but the cry of a woman
—a half sob — came to him from the
outer gallery.

  The Jew stiffened on his mattress.
Simone whirled like a machine. Bur-
roughs stood erect and listened.

  There was no further sound.

  Then both Simone and Burroughs
bounded toward the door and drew
back the curtain. Another woman’s cry
echoed in the darkness, and there was
the swish of moving drapery.

  Without stopping to think, Bur-
roughs dashed in its direction. As he
bounded down the stairs, he was aware
of a figure flying before him. They
reached the court; the form, moving
like a ghost in the darkness, was ten
paces ahead. It plunged into the pas-
sage and reached the outer door, which
was swinging ajar. Just the second re-
quired to pull it wide open was the sec-
ond the pursuer needed. He seized a
woman’s mantle, and the wearer turned
and struck him in the face with her
hand.

  Before she could repeat the blow, he
had pinioned both her arms and was
carrying her back to the light. In the
room where Simone and the Jew were
waiting he set down the captive.

  It was the Jewess who had been left
in charge of Elise.

CHAPTER XV.

WHAT HAPPEN ED TO ELISE.

 Elise Dexter did not know how
long she had lain on the uninviting bed
in the Jew’s house, when a light hand
laid across her eyes roused her to full
consciousness. She sat up to find the
woman standing over her with a can-
dle in her hand and a finger on her lip
to caution the girl against any outcry.

  Motioning the latter to follow, the
woman blew out the light and, guiding
Elise by the arm, l#d her out onto the
gallery. As they emerged, Elise heard
a noise below at the street-door. Some
one was trying to make an entrance—
some one, apparently, not of the house
694

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

—for she could hear them rapping in-
sistently, and rattling the door.

  She was too dazed, still too much
under the influence of the Jew, to care
to inquire who it might be. With the
utmost docility she allowed the other
to lead her up into the white silence
of the roofs.

  They heard the faint crash as the
door gave in.

  Then came the sound of hurried feet
in the rooms below, and the two women
fled over their own roof to the next.
The parapet which separated them was
about four feet high, but the Jewish
woman scaled it with an agility born
of practise, and giving a hand to Elise,
helped her up. They dropped to the
other side and ran across to the next
wall. Before they could clamber over
they heard some one pursuing.

  At the moment when Burroughs was
standing erect on the parapet, looking
out over the roofs in search of them,
the women were crouching in the
shadow of the wall opposite, and in
full view of him. But their white gar-
ments were blue in that light, and min-
gled so nicely with the shadows that
they were perfectly concealed.

  They saw the man's tall figure out-
lined against the sky; they watched him
breathlessly as he slowly pivoted round,
surveying every point within range. His
Moorish dress and his cowled head
effectively disguised him.

  To Elise, he was merely one of the
race whose hand had been against her
almost from the moment she set - foot
011 the continent. She shivered in si-
lence while he stood there, and drew
a relieved breath when he finally got
down on the side opposite them.

  For nearly half an hour they re-
mained in the shadow. Twice Elise es-
sayed a question in English and French.
Each time she was met by. a curt sen-
tence in Arabic, and in return could
only answer dully:

  “ 1 don’t understand. Je tie com-
prends pas.” So, for the most part, they
sat in silence.

  At last, however* the woman stirred,
rose to her feet, glided across the roof,
and pulled herself up so that she could
look over the parapet. What she saw,
or didn!t see, was apparently satisfac-

tory, for, returning, she tugged at
Elisa’s arm to indicate that they were
to go back.

  They scaled the wall again, and,
with the woman ahead, approached the
stairs leading down into the house.
For a while they listened, but no sound
came from the depths. The Jewess
now pushed Elise ahead of her, and
they cautiously descended. Just as they
reached the foot of the stairs, the si-
lence was broken by voices.

  Something in the quality of one of
them gave the American girl’s dulled
senses a jog. It seemed familiar. Till
then under the influence of the Jew,
this new sound served to bring her back
to her real self; her consciousness
pricked up its ears, so to speak.

  She threw off the restraining hand of
the woman and rushed forward. A
light shining behind curtains that sepa-
rated her from the place of voices drew
her toward them. With trembling fin-
gers she parted the hangings, hoping
that she would see a friendly face. She
was disappointed. The light in the
room was dim; but the picture she saw,
instead of reassuring her, made her
afraid.

  The odious Jew was there as its cen-
ter. He was lounging on a divan. On
the other side of the room, his back
toward the watcher, a tall Moor was
holding a woman in his arms. At the
second that Elise looked all were silent,
but the girl could see the quiet smile
of the Jew', the speaking eyes and volup-
tuous lips of the woman. Neither face
gave her confidence or suggested any use
of appeal.

  They were enemies.

  With a sob of disappointment she
turned away. This time she did not go
roof ward. I'he accident had wrenched
her loose from the will of the Jewish
woman. This latter was -behind her,
waiting doubtfully, and Elise saw the
way open to the street. Without stop-
ping to consider anything except that
possible escape lay in that direction, she
made for the stairs.

  She realized that the woman was fol-
lowing her, that the persons she had seen
in the room were also in pursuit, and this
lent wings to her feet. She reached the
outer door and plunged through with-
THE YELLOW SARD.

695

out being overtaken. She heard the
woman’s cry and a slight scuffle, and she
expected that in a moment four or five
people would burst from the door and
be at her heels.

  Notliing of the sort happened.

  Looking over her shoulder as she
drew away from the house, she could de-
tect no one. Something had occurred
inside to cut off pursuit. She did not
know what; and, as soon as she was
sure they were not coming, she’ did not
care.

  It was enough that she was free from
the evil atmosphere of that house.

  But though she was free bodily, she
had no real feeling of freedom. Twice
before that night she had escaped from
the clutches of those who sought to de-
tain her, and each time her high hopes
had been dashed to the ground. She
was prepared for something to occur to
thwart her now.

  In the small hours of the night when
the fires of life burn low, her brain was
a fit field for superstitious fancies. She
believed that she was under some fatal
infiuence^pf the yellow sard. It would
have taken more than a course of lec-
tures to have convinced her that some
mysterious force was not working against
her.

  Thus, with something of the attitude
of a fatalist, she hurried away from the
house. If it was meant that she should
get away, doubtless she would. If it
was fated that she be retaken, she would
not be surprised.

  The night, though clear, was exceed-
ingly raw, and her long time crouching
and cramped position 011 the housetops
had numbed her. She had lost her cloak
in the flight, and the light gray jacket
gave her little protection.

  As soon as she was positive she was
not followed, she paused to form some
plan for finding her way out of the
tangle. She must attempt to go in some
general direction and trust to luck to
come out at a familiar spot. Finally,
she decided to go down hill, for going
up or down was tlie only way she had
of orienting herself.

  The streets were not as they were
when she had traveled them with the
Jew. She no longer met gliding, ghost-
ly figures; 110 longer heard occasional

scraps of conversation from doorways.
It was as if she were in a city of the
dead.

  The houses loomed blue-white like
sepulchers, and no man could tell what
they hid. Narrow, arched alleys yawned
at her like the black mouths of cata-
combs.

  Presently she came out into a small,
open square or market - place. It re-
sembled the one she had crossed with the
Jew, but she could not be sure. She
was breathless and thirsty, however, so
she went over to the well-place with the
idea of getting a drink of water. There
was no vessel by for obtaining it, and
she sank down on the stones to re&t for
a moment before continuing her walk.

  The loneliness was oppressive, and
she began again to think of home.

  She had complained, sometimes, that
life in Ohio was dull. If she ever got
back there, there would be no more com-
plaint. She would be willing to take
her adventure in the homeopathic dose
of the picnic or coasting-party. What
would her girl chums think if they knew
that she was fleeing alone through the
streets of Tangier at dead of night ?

  What would her mother, reposing
peacefully in a hotel at Gibraltar, do if
she could see her daughter now? What
was Mrs. Ragsdale doing that she had
not already set 011 foot means for finding
the lost ones?

  This thought was brightening. Sure-
ly Mrs. Ragsdale had done something as
soon as their absence had been remarked.
Surely, men were out now looking for
some trace of her. As if in answer to
her thought, four figures appeared at the
mouth of a street.

  They came without warning, and they
were plainly on some errand of haste;
for, a moment after she discovered them,
they were half - way across the square.
There were three tall men wearing
fezes; the fourth, who was a little in
advance, was bareheaded. They walked
swiftly and noiselessly; they carried an
air of authority.

  A wind of hope caught the girl in its
grasp.

  On the impulse she got to her feet and
ran toward them, calling out. They
stopped instantly, and with stumbling
French, she went up to them. One of
696

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

 the men stepped out to meet her, holding
 up a lantern. He held it up to her face
 and started back with an exclamation of
 wonder.

 With a sinking heart Elise recognized
 him as one of the same men who had
 taken her from the greasy fritter-shop.
 She sought to turn back, but he laughed
 gutturally and caught hold of her.

 The other faces, as they came within
 range of the light, were strange. One,
 the man who was guiding the others,
 was a giant negro.

 They conferred for a moment.

 Then the man who knew her, took her
 by the arm. and they started off again in
 the direction they had been going.

CHAPTER XVI.

SAVARY l'LAYS AN ACE.

 Three pairs of eyes were turned curi-
 ously on the woman whom Burroughs
 had captured. The Jew’s conveyed to
 her a message which the others did not
 catch.

 Simone spoke in Arabic.

 “ Your wife?” she asked.

 The Jew nodded.

 “ Where is the American girl? ”

 The woman spread her hands.

 “ Gone,” she answered. “ She has
 gone to find her people. She did not
 wish to stay. And I did not detain her
 against her will. I was protecting her.”
 “ How long gone? ”

 A shrug of the shoulders.

 “ Oh, quite long.”

 “ She went alone? ”

 “ Yes.”

 Simone explained to Burroughs, who
 stamped with vexation.

 “ Everything seems against us. It’s
 no use wasting time here. I’m going
 after her and to raise an alarm. The
 streets are not safe, even if she is free,
 and 1 don’t half believe this woman.”

 “ We will all go,” said Simone. “ I
 must go back to my house to find
 Savary.”

 The Jew addressed her servilely.

 “ You will unbind me and let me go,
 since I have proved my innocence?”
 Simone smiled ironically.

 “ I shall take you both with me to con-
 front the man with the wall-eye.”

  “ Not my wife? ”

  “ Both. Do you think I will let you
go, now that I have my hands on you ? ”

  Burroughs put his hand to his head
weariedly. “ I think it’s all lies,”1 he
said.

  “ We will soon see. If you are going
to search the streets, you may as well go
in my direction as another. And if you
will wait till I have got the truth from
Savary, I will help you.”

  Burroughs strode over to the Jew and
jerked him to his feet.

  “ Now, no monkey business,” he or-
dered. “ If you try one little small trick,
I’ll break your head. We are going to
see whether you are the greatest liar in
Morocco or whether Savary is the great-
est knave.”

  At a signal from Simone, who was
still holding her weapon in readiness, the
Jewess started also, and a little later they
all emerged from the house. On the way
through the street the artist was watch-
ful, but there was no sign of Elise.

  Before Simone’s door Burroughs
stopped.

  “Jean.” said the Frenchwoman, “help
me in this. I am afraid to be alone with
these people. It will take only a little
while to find what Savary knows, and
then—I will help you search.

  “ You cannot search alone. And, be-
lieve me, you would get little assistance
from the Pasha. They care nothing for
Europeans. We can do better without
them. Let me give you a maxim—one
thief can do more toward catching a
thief than six officials.”

  Burroughs realized the truth of what
she said.

  You promise to help me find her? ”

  “Wes.”

  So Burroughs followed the three into
the house.

  When they entered, Savary, in the lock-
fast room, knocked heavily upon the door.

  “ Here I am.” he called stentorianly.
“ Here! ”

  Simone glided over and threw it open.

  “ Yes, we know you’re there,” she said
cuttingly.

  “ Ah, it’s you, is it? ” he growled; and
then, his eyes taking in the rest of the
party, he scrutinized each sharply. A
puzzled look came into his face.

  “ Whom did you expect ? ” asked the
THE YELLOW SARD

697

Frenchwoman. “ Did you think you had
tricked us for good?”

  He grinned.

  “ Trick you ? I had no hope of trick-
ing you. You are too clever,” he re-
torted sarcastically.

  “ You will laugh on the other side of
your face presently," she assured him.
“ Sit down: ”

  “ 1 am in your power now. But he
laughs best who laugh's last—as 1 have
remarked before.”

  “ What do you mean? ”

  “ I mean nothing. I merely philoso-
phize. It is the privilege of the under
dog.”

  Though Simone shrugged her shoul-
ders, the man’s impudence and sang-
froid made Burroughs uneasy. Who was
really going to laugh last in this busi-
ness? he asked himself. And would he
have an opportunity to laugh at all?
Simone might laugh or Savary, but per-
haps he himself was destined to hold
the bag for both.

  Burroughs was standing near the door
to guard the exit, while the Jew and
his wife squatted on the floor; and
Savary, who had seated himself noncha-
lantly in one of the great chairs, eyed
these two with surprise in his face.
With a wave of his maimed hand, he in-
dicated them to Simone.

  “ And what have our friends here to
do with it?” he questioned.

  “ He is the man who stole the ring.”

  “ Ah! ” Savary started and his bad
eye rolled excitedly as he bent toward the
Jew.

  “ Yes,” went on Simone calmly. “ It
was he who sold Bompard’s watch and
ring. Therefore, he must have done the
murder, or have got them from the man
who did.”

  “ Ah! ” said Savary again, throwing
hin'«elf back in his chair with an air of
indifference. “ He looks like a mur-
derer.”

  “ I am not sure that I call trust your
judgment; you once accused the Ameri-
can.”

  “ Doubtless one is as bad as the other,”
said Savary airily. -

  “ Fortunately, I don’t have to depend
on your instincts. I know who did the
murder.”

  She was standing directly in front of

Savary, and she spoke this last with an
insinuation of tone that made the wall-
eyed man twist in his chair.

  “ He was near by when the act was
committed, and he knows the man,” she
concluded.

  The Frenchman’s lean body again
swung forward toward the Jew, and he
glared at him.

  “ You were' a fool to be jealous of
Bompard,” she went at him again. “ You
were a bigger fool to let your jealousy
carry you-so far.”

  Savary let out a flood of oaths that,
had they been in English, would have
staggered even Burroughs. But profan-
ity in a foreign language is usually
amusing instead of offensive.

  Simone ignored his interruption.

  “ He saw you,” she went on monot-
onously, “ saw you kill Bompard, and
then—”

  “ He did not,” said Savary furiously.

  “ Easy,” quieted the woman. “ You
know you were jealous of Bompard.”

  “ He got what was coming to him,"
sulked the Frenchman. “ As for you.”
he exclaimed, scowling at the Jew, “ look
out for yourself! ”

  “ I was not there,” protested the ac-
cused one fearfully. “ I did not say I
saw you.”

  “ But you took the ring and the watch
from me that night.”

  Simone laughed.

  “ Then you did do it,” she charged.
“ You killed Bompard, and you took the
ring and the watch and the letters to
make us believe that it was robbery. I
know it as well as if I had been there.”

  A gleam of rage swept across the
Frenchman’s face as his eyes met hers.
He opened his lips to speak, but caught
himself.

  “ Well,” pressed the woman, “ what
have you to say? If you are not guilty,
where did you get the ring?”

  “ Bompard gave it to me.”

  “ Then why did you pretend that it
had been stolen from him? Why did
you accuse this man ”—she pointed to
Burroughs—“ with killing Bompard be-
cause he had the ring in his possession?
If you knew it was stolen from you, you
must have known that he did not get it
from Bompard.”

  Savary saw that he was trapped; and,
698

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

with his antic eye jerking, he leered up
at the woman who was pursuing him.

  “Well,” he shouted, “what of it?
What if I did kill Bompard? It was a
fair quarrel.”

  “Then, why did you try to conceal it?
Why did you not confess that you had
quarreled? Would we have held that
against you? Men have fought before
and killed. If the cause was fair, were
they called to account?”

  “ I am not on the witness-stand.”

  “ You are in the prisoner’s dock. And.
whatever excuse you have for the killing,
you have none for trying to keep the let-
ters from us. What are you going to
do with them ? ”

  He did not answer, and she neared him
by a step and stood over him with a
menace in her strong hands.

  “ I have not got the letters.”

  With a quick movement she thrust
back the lapel of his jacket and began
feeling in his pockets. His eye flashed
resistance, and he drew back, but the
muzzle of a pistol in his face brought
submission.

  She searched him as skilfully as she
had the Jew half an hour before. Bur-
roughs, looking on, felt a wave of dis-
gust as he watched her fingers, plainly-
used to such work; saw how nimbly they
moved, and with what brazen certitude
she “ went through ” the man.

  Suddenly she gave a gurgle of tri-
umph and jumped back, waving a thin
packet above her head.

  “ The letters! ” she crowed, holding
them aloft in the hand .on which shone
the yellow sard with the seal of the Pre-
tender.

  Burroughs himself felt a lump rise in
his throat. It was as though he saw the
beginning of the end.

 “Do you know what I believe?”
charged the woman of Savary. “ I be-
lieve that you were not only acting from
jealousy, but that you have played us
traitor. You were going to sell the let-
ters and the ring to the Sultan. You
needed money, and you could get more
from him than by staying with us.
There were four of us, and you would
have got the reward alone. It looked
profitable to play traitor. You’ll find it
didn’t pay.”

  Savary somehow had lost his anger and

his nervousness. He grinned lazily.
“ You were always clever at putting two
and two together,” he retorted.

  Burroughs interrupted.

  “ We are going? ” he asked.

  Simone nodded.

  “ I promised Jean, and I will go. But
do you still wish to go back to your coun-
try? We will find the girl and restore
her to her people. But is there nothing
worth more to you—the fight, the in-
trigue, the success? ” She waved the let-
ters. " Is it not worth while? And have

I	not been able to make you care ? ”

  She flung it out regardless of Savary's
presence, and the words seemed to fan
his temper to a flame.

  “ What if you have made him care?”
he shouted. “ Neither of you will live
to enjoy the other. You played with
Bompard, and you sec where he is. You
fling this man in my face, and an hour
from now you will both be beyond help.

  “ You think you have won because you
have found me out and have the letters,
but having them is just what will do for
you. Do you think I am a fool? Do you
think that if I needed money bad enough
to kill Bompard I am so careless as not
to take the proper steps for getting it?”

  In his anger he had boiled over, and
Simone turned and regarded him a mo-
ment in deep silence. Their eyes battled,
and his gave hers glance for glance. She
looked behind uneasily.

  “ We had better go,” she said to Bur-
roughs. “ I do not know what he means.
It may be an idle threat, and it may
be—”

  “It may be the soldiers of the Sultan,"
cackled Savary, as the curtains of the
great double door parted and two men
leaped in.

  One liad his hand over Simone’s mouth
before she could scream, and had wrested
the pistol from her grasp. The,other at-
tempted to seize Burroughs, but the lat-
ter jumped past him toward the door.

  Then from out of the darkness of the
gallery stepped another man, and the
butt of his long gun crashed down on the
American’s head. The young man wilted
like a tree under a lightning stroke. The
Moor pushed him aside with his foot and
made way for the negro, who came in
leading Elise Dexter. Burroughs bad
been facing her as he fell. She recog-
THE YELLOW SARD.

nized him, and now she put her hands
to her face to shut out the sight of him
as he lay huddled there on the floor. It
was only for a second; she started to
kneel by him, but the man whom he had
dodged shoved her away and gave a
word to the fellow whose gun had laid
the American low.

  Obeying the nod of the leader, the sol-
dier picked up Burroughs’s body and
dragged it out into the gallery, while the
others were busied with the livelier cap-
tives. One man forced Simone to squat
on the floor. Another stood over the Jew
and his wife, who were protesting vol-
ubly that they were innocent of any and
all crimes.

  The big negro crossed quickly to
Savary's side and whispered in his car.

  That worthy turned on the French-
woman with his hard laugh.

  “ Who laughs last? ” lie twitted. “ Do
you see now how it all happened ? When
you began to play fast and loose with
me, I decided that I could play a game
myself. I killed Bompard both to get
even with you and to get the letters.

  “ When you helped the American es-
cape from here I sent Selim for the Sul-
tan’s men, while I came back to have it
out with your new friend. Your return
delayed matters, but it is, after all, most
fortunate.

  “ We have caught all the more birds
in our little net—even the American,
whom I had not expected the honor of
entertaining.” While he was speaking
he stood erect and stretched his arms
above his head. “I shall pay you for
this stiffness,” he snarled at Simone.

  ‘‘Monsieur,” said the man who had
acted as leader, “ your slave came to us
with the word that if we would come
here you would give us important news.”

  Savary nodded, and produced the ma-
terials for a cigarette.

  11	Will you not sit down? ” he said po-
litely. “ I have indeed important news.
You perhaps know- that some French
bankers are- furnishing funds for the
Pretender through agents in Tangier.
You perhaps do not know that one of
these agents is here on the way to him
with important letters and carrying Mu-
ley’s ring as a passport to his presence.”

  “ The woman there,” said the man,
pointing to Elise, “ was seen with the

ring, but we have not been able to
trace it.”

  “ But I was fortunate enough to dis-
cover the plot and to capture the plot-
ters,’’.said Savary with oily ease.

  Simone, who was squatting next him,
leaned over a little and interjected a low
word in French.

  “ Suppose 1 come back to you,” she
whispered. “ It is not too late. Y’ou can
save us yet. 1 will come back, and we
can work together.”

  His good eye softened as he heard the
word, and he paused as if the proposition
had touched him. While he was de-
bating, the soldier who had dragged out
Burroughs slipped in and took his place
by Simone.

  He sat cross-legged, his head bowed
on his breast, as if oblivious to what was
going on. Elise, who was on the other
side, drew away from him with loathing.
She had seen him strike Burroughs, and
the latter’s white face as he lay on the
floor had pained her like a knife-stab.
She had been puzzled to find him there
in the garb of a Moor; she also recog-
nized in Simone the woman whom she
had seen in the Jew’s house. But only
vaguely did she connect the two. It was
all a part of the great enigma of the
night; it was all Arabic, as unintelligible
as a sentence of the Koran.

  What was coming she did not know,
but Burroughs’s death meant the remov-
al of her last hope; it was natural that
she should turn from the man whose
hands had helped in his undoing.

  The Moors paid no attention to the
entrance of their comrade. As the lat-
ter’s eye, peering out from under his
cowl, happened to encounter Savary's,
the Frenchman suddenly stiffened and
leaped from his seat with an oath. He
got no farther.

  A revolver in somebody’s unlifted
hand barked.

  Savary, his wall-eye strangely con-
torted, pitched forward against Simone.
At the same instant another shot extin-
guished the lamp, and darkness fell in
the room.

  There was a word and a blow between
two other persons. There was another
shot and fierce cursing.

  Elise felt a pair of hands at her arm-
pits. She was lifted to her feet, and,

—-_

                     *iiii
700

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

with a man on either side, was rushed
across the room.

  She knew that she was treading on the
bodies of prostrate men. The curtain
swayed for her exit, and as they reached
the court below, the man on her left
leaned close to her, and Burroughs’s
voice in her ear whispered “ Elise! ”

CHAPTER XVII.

THE END OF THE GAME.

  When the leader signed the soldier to
remove Burroughs’s body the fellow
grasped him roughly by the collar and
dragged him through the room and out
onto the gallery.

  There he loosened his grip, and, after
a moment for getting his breath, he be-
gan to search the young man’s pockets.
He relieved him of two revolvers, a
knife, a watch, and some gold coins that
were still in his trousers’ pockets.

  Laying the loot on the floor, he rose
to his feet, pulled the body after him,
and prepared to tumble it over the rail-
ing into the court below. The thing
lopped against him. With a muttered
imprecation he seized the limp form
about the middle and was in the act of
bending it backward over the railing
when the dead man suddenly stiffened in
his arms. Like a flash he realized that
the thing he was handling was not dead,
but very much alive.

  The realization came too late; he was
altogether unprotected, so far as a
wrestling defense was concerned. As he
started to shout a hand closed on his
throat, his heels were tripped up, and
he went sprawling over backward with
the tartar he had caught on top of him.
They made a little noise as they scuf-
fled, but it was drowned by the c6n-
fusion that still reigned within—the
laugh of Savary, a splutter of Arabic
from the Jew; Simone’s protesting.

  It was fortunate for Burroughs that it
was so, and he knew that it would not
last long. * What he did, must be done
quickly. He did something that after-
ward he could not actually regret, for
lie believed it had been necessary, but he
deplored it. His free hand found the
knife that lay near him, and he used it.

Then he slowly got to his feet and felt

of his head. When the butt of the Moor's
guns came down on it he had seen a star-
studded firmament for a second. But
his skull was protected by the folds of
the turban, and he fell under the im-
petus of the blow, rather than because
he was seriously injured.

  Indeed, it had fallen so happily that
it had left him little more than dazed.
He was aware of the entrance of other
persons besides the first two, and he did
not attempt any resistance.

  One of the rules of a football game is
that when your eleven is up in the air,
it is good tactics to play possum; thus
getting time to recover both your breath
and your balance. So, partly because
of this instinctive feeling, and partly be-
cause his senses were really a bit numbed,
he feigned unconsciousness.

  When Elise was led in he very nearly
gave himself away; he wanted to fight,
but he hesitated against such odds, and
he was still too witless to make up his
mind quickly. His hesitation acted as
much in his favor as a carefully con-
ceived plan would have done.

  He had another bad moment when the
fellow grabbed him by the collar ancK
started to bundle him out. Burroughs
wanted to object, but now wisdom was
creeping in, and he knew that the odds
would be too great. So he kept quiet.

  He also allowed the man to go through
his pockets, because that gave him still
more time to get his breath. Even while
he was being searched he devised the
plan which he put in practise.

  The Moor was about the American’s
build, and the latter proceeded to appro-
priate his outer garments, his fez, his
jacket, his long burnoose.

  He was soon ready. He regained his
weapons—two revolvers and a knife.
The latter he stuck in his belt where he
could get at it quickly; the former he
took, one in each hand. Cowling the
burnoose over his head and chin, he
draped the ends over the pistols.

  It was a tense moment when he parted
the curtains, walked across the room,
and seated himself between the two
women. As he adjusted his legs under
him he covered one of Simone’s hands
with a fold of his mantle and, under its
protection, found her fingers and gave it
a meaning pressure.
THE YELLOW SARD.

701

  Ho felt her tremble at bis touch, but
she did not look at him or make any sign
except to lean over and whisper to Sa-
vary, in an effort to hold his attention,
while her fingers were closing on the re-
volver that Burroughs slipped to her.

  She succeeded in getting the weapon
comfortably in Jier palm, but not in de-
ceiving Savary. He detected the trick
and with an oath he jumped for him.

  Simone fired.

  Burroughs’s bullet put the light out.
Then he wheeled and smashed the Moor
who was nearest him in the face.

  “ Hurry, monsieur,” he heard Simone’s
voice, “ I will keep them busy.”

  There was another shot, followed by a
scream from the negro. Burroughs had
already lifted Elise to her feet and
started out; but the man who bad her in
charge was equally vigilant, and he, too,
was at her side. He did not realize what
had happened, and it was plain that in
the darkness he took Burroughs for a
comrade who w:as seeking to save their
prisoner.

  They reached the street without be-
ing overtaken. There the soldier turned
to wait for his companions, speaking to
the American as he did so. Fortunately
the latter did not have to reply; for the
words were not out of the man’s mouth
when Simone emerged from the door,
slamming it in the face of some one
who was two steps behind.

  The lock clicked musically—at least
it was music to Burroughs, who had oc-
casion this time to thank Heaven that so
much of the modern had come into Mo-
rocco.

  The Moor at his side, however, did
not see it in such a light. With his baf-
fled comrade inside hammering on the
door and clamoring to get out, he spoke
again to the supposed soldier who was
holding Elise and asked him to look
after the Frenchwoman. He spoke in
Arabic, however, and the American gave
no heed.

  Simone was moving away and the
Moor extended an arm to detain her.
She whirled 011 him and a pistol glittered
in her hand. The Moor backed toward
Burroughs, whose fist caught him on the
jugular, and he tumbled on the flag-
stones.

  The Frenchwoman laughed.

  “Quick, now,” she called; and, with
Elise between them they ran down the
street, leaving the imprisoned soldiers to
make a light, count their losses, and,
finally, to get out, their mission a failure.

  The fugitives made a turn at the first
corner, and - then another and another,
Simone gniding. Sure that they were
not pursued', they stopped.

  The thoroughfare in which they stood .
held no life. The city was in the dead
hours of the early morning—the hours
just before dawn, when men and dogs
and all manner of breathing things are
resting, if the night gives them any
rest.

  Simone broke the silence by one of her
low laughs. She put one hand on the
arm of the American girl and, swinging
her round so that the light from a street-
lamp fell full on her face, surveyed her
earnestly.

  “ Mademoiselle,” she said at last, in-
dicating Burroughs, “ he loves you. I
hope you are worthy of him. He is a
man.”

  It was not an observation which Elise
could have answered, even if. she had
understood, which she didn’t.

  She gave the other look for look, and
then turned questioningly to the artist.

  The Frenchwoman lifted her shoul-
ders ever so little.

  “ I have won,” she said, “ I have the
letters and the ring. You have your
lady. Good-by, Jean. I am not such a
good woman, but sometimes I have my
good moments. Maybe you might have
made me good. Y'ou are a man.”

  She extended her large white hand im-
pulsively and Burroughs’s fingers closed
over it.

  “ I hope you understand,” he said
blunderingly, “ I hope you understand
that I’m very much obliged to you; that
I—”

  Simone waved her hand.

  “ Good-by—I must hurry ! ”

  With a final quick nod that included
both, she vanished in the blue-gray
shadows, leaving Burroughs and Elise
standing in the middle of the deserted
street.

  “Where have you been?” each asked
the other in the same breath. But with-
out waiting for an answer Elise proceed-
ed wearily:
702

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

  “ Can we go back to the hotel. I.et’s
get away from here. It’s so awful.”

  “ We’ll try,” replied Burroughs, “ but
I’m not sure I know the way. Are you
all right?”

  Elise clasped her hands round his arm
and leaned toward him.

  “ Yes, but it has been a nightmare,”
she murmured. - “Can we go?”

  Burroughs looked around him. Above,
in the rift between the houses, he could
see a fillet of pearl-gray, moonlit sky.
Against it, towering over them, was the
slender form of a minaret. At a little
distance they discerned the doors of a
mosque.

  After a shade of hesitation he said:
“ I don’t know where we are, but if I
can get up there above the roofs, perhaps
I can get our bearings. We’ve got to
risk it; it’s that or wandering round here
all night. If you will wait here, I will
try.”

  The quick tightening of her fingers
foretold her answer.

  “ I’ll go with you,” she said. “ I
wouldn’t stay here alone for a million
dollars.”

  “You are not too tired to climb?”

  “ I’ll hold out,” she replied.

  The mosque doors were open, and,
slipping inside on tiptoe, Burroughs
groped his way toward the corner over
which rose the minaret. Feeling along
the wall with his hands, he found a little
door, and, inside, a spiral stairway.

  “ Quiet, now,” he muttered. “ If
we’re caught here, it’ll probably mean
more trouble.”

  She answered by a hand-pressure, and
they forthwith began the ascent, tread-
ing lightly, scarcely daring to breathe,
till they reached the platform at the
summit.

  The girl gasped in amazement.

  Above them was the pale-blue tent of
sky. The stars had gone out; nearly at
the zenifTi hung the faded moon like a
half-nibbled cheese. To the east a
faint orange flush told of the speedy
coming of the day. On one side the
white terraces marched down toward the
sea; just below them was the long street
that led from the Soko to the landing-,
place and their haven.

  A little sob rose in the girl’s throat as
she realized what this meant. A few more

minutes and they would be out of the
danger zone: the home-path lay in front.

  Burroughs knew it, too, but for one
long look he turned his eyes back on the
terraced city of adventure.

  Safety was near; yet, for a moment,
before he set his foot toward it, his
thoughts went back to the strange wom-
an who had touched the circle of his life
for a night. He heard the murmur of
her caressing voice; he felt the velvet of
her hand against his own. Her influence
was still present.

  But it was a fading vision. There, at
the top of the minaret, while day whi-
tened, he was bidding good-by to the mys-
terious East, to the pale world of roofs,
to the perfume of musk and aloes, to men
and women of strange ways.

  Elise moved and a small sigh escaped
her. Swiftly he was brought back to
that presence at his side—the Western
woman who was of his own kind.

  He had a vision of her as he had seen
her on the steamer-deck in clean, cool
garments, lithe of figure, blue-eyed and
smiling; fine in speech and action.

As he heard the whisper of her sigh,
he bent forward and took her in his arms.

  “ We are safe now, girl,” he com-
forted. “ Don’t worry, we'll get out all
right.”

  She yielded to him, and against his
breast he felt her nod.

  “ And you’re mine,” he said vehe-
mently. “ Mine. No one shall come
between us.”

  “ Yours.”

  Their warm lips met, and her arm
tightened comfortably round his neck.

  “You’re not hurt in any way?” he
questioned solicitously.

 “No. Are you? Where have you
been, and what does it all mean? It
seems years—years.”

  “ It’s a long story. Are you able to
go on now? We mustn’t waste time.”

  “ Ready,” she said.

  “ I’ve lost the ring,” he said suddenly.

  “ As if that mattered, when I was
afraid I had lost you.”

  At nine that morning Mrs. Ragsdale,
quite pink and pretty, and remarkably
young looking for a lady of forty, swept
into the hotel dining-room. She caught
sight of Elise and Burroughs sitting at
THE STORM.

703

a table near a window, and pounced
down on them with -a smile that was
warm and superior.

  “ Ah,” she exclaimed, “ I was afraid
you might be late. You know we’re go-
ing back to Gibraltar this morning.”

  “ We are sorry,” began Burroughs,
but the widow babbled on. “ I know
you’ll forgive me for running away from
you last night and leaving you to your
own devices.”

  Both Burroughs and Elise stared.

  “ You see, when we got back from our
walk the Turnbulls carried us off to din-
ner with some friends of theirs who have
a villa a little way out. We wanted you,
but you weren’t back.

  “ Where on earth were you? Moon-
ing around, I suppose. Did' the porter
tell you where we had gone? I knew
you wouldn’t mind, and I knew I was
perfectly safe in leaving you to amuse
yourselves. I thought we should have
been back earlier, but the night was so
pleasant we stayed longer than we
thought. You had retired when we got
back.

  “ After all, I don’t imagine you were
very much aggrieved at having to spend
the evening together.”

  She simpered and shrugged, and end-
ed with a smile that was intended to be
coy.

  Burroughs so far forgot himself as to
whistle.

  “ I know you’ll forgive me,” said the
widow, “ when I tell you that Mr. Mc-
Intosh and I are about to be married
shortly.”

  The artist reached over and shook
hands.

  “ My dear lady,” he said, “ you
mustn’t feel the least compunction. The
porter gave us your message when we
got in.”

  He did not add that he himself had
applied a gold piece to that function-
ary’s palm when they received the start-
ling news that their absence had been
overlooked, the hotel people thinking
that they were with the other party, and
their chaperon believing that they were
at the hotel. Burroughs had also ob-
tained the Jew’s letter demanding ran-
som.

  “ That’s nice,” went on the lady;
“ I hope you didn’t have too dull an
evening.”

  Again the smile.

  “No.” agreed Burroughs, “it was not
what you would call dull. Still, we’re
ready to go back to-day. We’ve some
news for Mrs. Dexter. You see, Elise
and I—we’re engaged, too.”

  “ I knew the wise thing was to leave
you,” said Mrs. Ragsdale.

            (The End. )

THE STORM.

 By Jennie Harris Oliver.

  Of real estate and wedding-bells,
  and a mixture of spring
  freshets and the course of love.

IT was a storm quite notable in history.
It came out of a blur of angry,
evening red, with wild sheets of
screaming, white rain from the
murky, boiling river. Under it the little
cabin cowered like a beaten hound—even
the three shadows within looming gro-
tesquely backward from the fireplace,

shrinking and flaring fitfully as the ed-
dying flame sprang upward and strung
itself like rubies on threads of cobweb
sw'aying from the blackened rafters.

  Between crashes of deafening thunder
two of the shadow-s talked doggedly and
persistently.

  “ Yes, Steve,” said one, lifting his
shrewd, calculating features in a vain en-
deavor to suck into life his neglected
pipe; “ yuh ricollict whut I told yuh last
time yuh ast fer Retta-May. Conditions
is jist th’ same now, and alius will be.

  “ Cur’us,' Steve, yuh kain’t remember
that old Ike Pedigrew don’t say things
704

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

fer th’ fun of hit. Twenty year I be’n
wantin’ that north forty. Yer daddy
and I fit hand tuh hand over hit; but he
died a year too soon. Lived, an’ I’d a
had him. Reckon I’ve got yuh, Steve,
instid—fer Hit’s that north forty, er no
Retta-May.”

  “ They hain’t no jestice in hit, Ike,”
cried the young man hotly. “ Hit’s plum’
robbery. How'm I goin’ to take keer o’
Retta ef I give up the only part o’ my
land that’s wuth workin’ ? ”

  “ I hain’t astin’ yuh to take keer on
her: jest tuh figger on that land with me.
Ef thar’s iny other way tuh do hit, so
much the better, fer I’ve got other plans
fer Retta-May. Not that hit hain’t
fitten fer her tuh bring me somethin’ fer
her raisin’, as her sisters never done.

  “ They was sailer and skinny; but,
land, look at Retta-May! Blue and
peenk and gold — slim and straight;
strong as a young pant’er. Ef she hain’t
wuth more tuh yuh than the north forty,
why, yuh don’t hev tuh take her—that’s
all.”

  There was a sudden, fierce outburst of
the storm, as if the very prince of demons
had broken loose; and under its clutch-
ing hand the stanch little structure shud-
dered and rattled fearsomely. Dark
streams of rain crawled in from the
sill-less door, and the girl rose silently to
sweep back the flood and block its fur-
ther entrance with an old ragged coat.

  “ ’Tain’t jest, Ike,” fumed the young
man when at last he could make himself
heard. “ Yuh know there’s coal and mebbe
gas on that paster-ridge, and that I’m
raisin’ money tuh work hit. Yuh think
I didn’t see yuh with that passel o’ pros-
pectors from Little Rock, but I did.
And hit’s mine, Ike Pedigrew, and I
don’t ’low tuh give hit up. I ’low tuh
dress Retta like a queen when I builds
her a new house up under that bunch o’
pine! ”

  “ Well, Steve,” answered the old man
provokingly, slowly sucking at his re-
lighted pipe, “ I reckon hit’ll turn out
by y’ur buildin’ one on stilts fer her over
on the south forty under them elms.
Reckon yuh’ll hev tuh raise rice tuh keep
her, fer' I’m goin’ tuh hev that north
forty—that, er she marries Jake Demp-
sey.

  “ Don’t make much difference tuh me.

Jake offered me mighty nigh as good a
forty, and a fine Jersey cow throwed in.
Reckon I’d ruther hev Jake fer relation
—he hain’t so blamed obstinate.”

  Pedigrew laughed disagreeably, and
bent to throw on another log.

  “ Reckon yuh see how hit is, Steve,” he
went on, after he had gone to stuff up a
broken sliuttCr and stop the swirl of red
embers that enveloped them for a breath-
less moment. “ Y’ur north forty and mine
bumps heads at a mighty convenient
bend in the river. Now, whin I git busy
with them commodities that natur! has
packed in thar, I kin mighty easy make
use o’ natur’s waterway tuh pack ’em
off tuh companies that needs ’em. Reckon
old man Pedigrew won’t be a rich man
then—no, I reckon not! ”

  “ Whut ef Retta and I takes things in
our own hands, Ike? Whut ef—”

  “ I’ll tell yuh, Steve, whut ef. Retta-
May’ll marry Jake Dempsey in the
mawnin’, jist as soon’s hit is good and
light. Ast him and Jestice Potter over
to witness the windin’ up—be handy tuh
hev ’em iny way the cat jumps. ’Nother
thing, Retta-May hain’t her own boss by
two year and then some. Retta-May
hain’t be’n outen this yard sense yuh an’
I tangled up in this deal. Guess I hold
the whup-hand, Steve.”

  The young man dropped his face in
his hands and sat for some time in deep
thought. The roaring light sprang rud-
dily over his dark head, over the old
man’s hard, shrewd eyes, and the girl’s
beauty. Around them roared and wailed
and crashed the tireless fury of the storm.
Finally Stephen Martin sprang erect, a
brave resolve in his deep-set gray eyes.

  “ I’ll give her up, Ike,” he said huskily.
“ I’d ruther she married some one as has
plenty then tuh go out into the world
empty-handed with me. Heaven knows
I’d ruther do without her than tuh see her
eyes grow hopeless and her form thin and
bent like her mother’s and mine.”

  “ Stop! ” cried the girl suddenly, with
blazing eyes. “Yuh don’t never leave
hyar ’thout me. Leave him hev the old
north forty. I’d ruther hev yuh than
Jake ef he was made o’ gold. As soon
as hit’s light we’ll walk outen hyar and
leave pappy with his money. Yuh’ll hev
tuh do hit, Stephen,” she went on, with
her excited eyes on his troubled face,
THE STORM.

705

“’cause I’ll go inyways — pappy kain’t
keep me in this prison no more.”

  Stephen took the girl’s coaxing hand
and smoothed it gently. He thought of
it seamed and darkened and roughened.
Still her eyes commanded him, and he
answered hesitantly:

  “ The north forty’s your’n, Ike, and
Retta’s mine.”

    Retta - May, yuh’re a fool,” growled
her father with well-assumed dissatisfac-
tion. “ Yuh’ll wear rags yit. Reckon
we’d better put this deal in writin’ right
now, Steve. There ain’t no use o’
waitin’.”

  “ Hadn’t we better fix this door first,
Ike?” said the young man, regarding
with suspicion the black stream seeping
through Retta’s barrier. “ Looks like
we’d be swamped perty soon.”

  “ Hain’t nuthin’ we kin do but let the
water run out again. Does that ever’
time hit rains. Hain’t never be’n
swamped yit. Retta-May, climb onto
that bench and tuck yer feet under yuh.
Now, Steve, write hit in that I gits y’ur
north forty as divided from the south
forty by Big Rock and Sentinel Gum
Tree. Hain’t no mistakin’ that way o’
puttin’ hit. Everythin’ north’s mine—
everythin’ south’s your’n. Write hit in,
Steve—write hit in ! ”

  Standing almost ankle-deep in water,
the young man bent over the rude table
and gravely wrote the document as di-
rected.	^

  As he handed it to Pedigrew the cabin
tilted sickeningly forward, there was a
gurgling inrush of the foamy flood, and
the fire went out quickly with a strong
smell of wet ashes. They were in total
darkness.

  “ Retta,” shouted Stephen, groping for
her in the blackness. “ Retta ! Retta! ”
There was a gasping cry from among
the huddled furniture as the cabin right-
ed itself with a hissing outpour of water,
and then sprang sidewise like a chunk of
driftwood in a whirlpool; and in a mo-
ment he held the girl’s dripping, sha-
king form tightly with one arm, while he
braced his back against the heaving side
of the rough wall and spread a protect-
ing hand over the silk of her .hair.

  Any minute something might drop
upon them—some awful thing reach out
of the hideous melee of sound.

   9	S

  They could hear the old man blunder-
ing and sputtering furiously among the
shifting debris. They could hear the
grinding and tearing of rock and tree—
the continuous swirl and roar of angry
water bearing them jerkily along in the
awful gloom.

  Occasionally a red flare of lightning
showed them the cabin’s wild interior,
with objects heaped grotesquely against
the fireplace. By one such flash the old
man made his way over to Stephen and
Retta.

  “ Devil’s own night, this! ” he shout-
ed angrily. “ Be’n hyar nigh on to
twenty year, and never did see no sich
goin’s on before. I’ll bet we’re in the
river right now, goin’ south like thun-
der.”

  So he punctuated the awful uncertain-
ty, and reiterated raspingly as the night
wore on.

  Finally, after what seemed an eternity
of tipping and whirling' none could
guess whither, they .felt the cabin settle
firmly and remain at anchor. The storm
rested, and through the broken shutters
filtered the grateful light of the coming
dawn.

  Righting the obstructing furniture,
they made their way through the slimy
mud to the door. Pulling it wide on its
sagging hinges, they looked out on a
scene that drew a sharp cry of wonder
from the young couple and a yell of
consternation from the thwarted old
schemer.

  They were south of Big Rock and
Sentinel Gum Tree, on a firm, root-
bound clump that had washed safely out
into the stream and worked its way to a
quiet inlet in the water side of the south
forty.

  The two valuable pastures were no-
where to be seen. Undermined and
crumbled by the wearing flood of cen-
turies, they had melted and spread use-
lessly under the furious yellow stream,
and over their coal and gas the water
rushed and foamed and swirled; while,
freed from its pent - up, film - covered
pools, Stephen Martin’s southland lay
green and smiling on the ridges—richly,
muckily black where the deeps caught the
rosy morning light.

  Amazed by the miracle wrought over-
night by the storm and the freakish
706

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

river, the trio stood, silently gazing from
the cabin-door. Finally the old man
spoke:

  “ Well, Steve,” he said matter-of-fact-
ly, “ ’tain’t vvhut I expected, but ’tis as
’tis, and I hain’t goin’ tuh squeal about

hit. I reckon the parson’ll do as well as
the jestice, the way things has turned
out, ’sides bein’ a sight nearer, lessen he’s
washed away.

  “ Hurry up breakfast, Retta-May—
I’m mighty nigh starved to death! ”

THE HIDDEN HATE.

By Howard Fitzalan.

The body of a murdered man calls aloud for vengeance, yet
culprit and executioner are closer than brothers.

A N O V E L-C OMPLETE IN THIS ISSUE.

CHAPTER I.

THE SWAMP TREASURE.

“I F,” argued Hugh Coates, as he took
| notice from time to time of the
1 dingy house with the dying Virginia
creeper, “ if he (or she) wants a
man who places no value upon a human
life, it might be better for an applicant
to go armed and prove the truth of his
statement by pumping lead into the reck-
less advertiser.”

  Seen through the gloom of lower
Washington Square, the house of the man
who had need of a homicide presented
few attractions.

  It was old, but the architecture was
commonplace, its windows needed wash-
ing. and one of the newel - posts was
broken, giving the place the aspect of a
wicked wag with his head on one side.

  Hugh had been standing on the oppo-
site side of the street for several minutes
now, and his liking for the house was
decreasing with every added second he
stayed there.

  Now he observed that it was an object
of indecision with another besides him-
self ; and the fact that he shared with
the place the scrutiny of the man of the
silken scarf came near to sending him
away with an unanswered advertisement
in his pocket.

  He had left this one until the last be-
cause he was in no way particular about
answering it at all; for it sounded very

much as though it were the slogan of a
Mafia society:

   Wanted—A man who places no value
  upon a human life. K. S., 87 Orton
  Street, City.

  Pie had taken out the slip of paper
and was completing the hundredth read-
ing, when a cough at his side gave Hugh
to understand that the man with the silk-
en scarf had decided that his personality
was more interesting that the house.

  The scarf was of knitted gray silk, and
the man wore it under his overcoat as
most men wear stock-collars, pinning it
half-way down with a cameo pin. Other-
wise he was most unremarkable in attire
and appearance, except that one would
judge his eyes to be brighter than most.

  “ Are you going to answer that adver-
tisement ? ” he asked directly.

  “ Are you anxious to get into trou-
ble?” was Hugh’s uncivil rejoinder.
“ If you are: a fine way to do it is to mix
up in somebody else’s business.”

  “ I’m not very diplomatic,” sighed the
other, turning away. “ One man to do
the work and one man to talk—they don't
go together. Pardon me, friend.”

  Hugh softened.

  “If it’ll do you any good to know, I’ll
tell you, of course.”

  “ Well, to a certain extent, it seems
imperative,” replied the man with the
scarf, twisting the cameo round. “ Con-
suming curiosity is my curse. I want to
THE HIDDEN HATE.

707

know why that fellow advertised for a
man who put no value on human life.
Not an ordinary advertisement; you'll
grant that. My theory is that he is
crazy—”

  “He?” questioned Hugh.

  “ His name is Selfridge; an old fellow
whose wife just died. He's got a son at
college, and a stepdaughter who’s been
acting as servant-girl. It’s a rooming-
house; he boarded there with Madam
Ruiz when she ran it.

  “ Used to be a line old fellow then,
they say; and the madam and her daugh-
ter, and he and his son all went over to
the Fourteenth Street Theater every-v
Saturday night and had supper in Lii-
chow’s. Then he married her, and all
of a sudden they change. They dismiss
the servants, and madam and her daugh-
ter do all the cooking and house-clean-
ing, while the old man ’tends furnace
after he gets home from his work in the
custom-house—has a soft snap there at
eighteen hundred dollars a year.

  “ That’s been nearly two years ago
now. Stunning girl, even if she does
make beds and wash the dishes and scrub,
the floors. And then, I forgot about
that, too—she takes French and Spanish
lessons and goes to one of the best dan-
cing-schools in New York.”

  “And the son’s at college?” ques-
tioned Hugh.

  “ Second year, lie’s home now, I
guess. The old lady—Madam Ruiz that
was—she died three or four days ago,
and he came home for the funeral. Now,
the old guy puts in this ad about wanted
a man who cares nothing for a human
life. And it’s, got me dotty trying to
guess.”

  “ Why don’t you ask him, then?” was
Hugh’s sensible query.

  The man with the scarf did not answer
this question, but his eyes seemed to grow
brighter as he planned an evasion. It
came in the form of a statement that the
old man was apt to recognize him, al-
though it hardly seemed to Hugh that the
gentleman was telling the truth.

  “ How did you find out so much about
these people?” Hugh further inquired.

  “ It’s a curse—my curiosity,” bewailed
the man with the scarf. “ I’ll go to no
end of pains to gratify it. It’ll cost me
my life yet. But, say, be a good fellow

and apply for the job. lie'll probably
give it to you—”

  He weighed Hugh up.

  “ A nice, strong-looking fellow like
you, with a fine, free air of not caring
for anything—you look like you don’t
give a hang for human life. Tell him
you don’t, anyhow, just to find out what
it's all about. I'll wait for you out here
on the pavement. And, say, if the old
man's gone nutty, here’s a cannon you
can tote along to make a grand-stand
play with.”

  Hugh felt the left pocket of his coat
sag under the weight of the heavy bit of
hardware that was dropped into it. If
the man was pretending this curiosity to
get him to go into the house, it was curi-
ous that he should arm him with a six-
shooter.

  As his hand closed on the butt of it,
Hugh made up his mind, and, nodding
curtly to his new acquaintance, stepped
across to 87 Orton Street and rang the
bell.

  The haze was heavy and the lights
glistened from Washington Square like
phosphorescent jellyfish in a sea of moon
mist. Orton Street was quiet under the
shroud.

  The man on the other side of the
street had become invisible, only a gray
blur indicating that there was another
side at all. If people were traversing
the thoroughfare, they were gentlemen
of predatory disposition in tennis-shoes,
or else the fog was wrapped like cotton
about their boot-soles.

  Under such circumstances, the mere
opening of a door startled Hugh into
gripping the weapon in his pocket.

  The hall was dark, for the flickering
gas was almost hidden by the four sides
of a semiopaque Flemish lantern that
swung overhead.

  “ Now, now,” warned the voice of
some one who stood behind the door, ex-
posing but enough of his head to give
sight of the one without, “ you might as
well not come in and worry us. We
don’t know anything about your mail—
and we’ve closed your room. This is a
private house—a private house—and it
is also a house of grief, f should think
you would have some shame.”

  The tone had become high and queru-
lous; and Hugh, accustomed to the haze,
708

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

now made out a segment of rough, bristly
hair and beard, between which an eye
opened and shut rapidly.

  “ I called in answer to an advertise-
ment,” said Hugh, emboldened by the
age and complaining tones of the man.
“ It’s true it appeared yesterday,” he
added extenuatingly, “ and you’ve prob-
ably got the man you wanted by to-day.
But I saw it only this morning.”

   “ Yes,” shrilled the old fellow in a pas-
sion. “ And I suppose you’re going to
ask me who I want you to kill. 1 dare
say you’ll tell me you’ve killed men be-
fore—”

  “ To tell you the truth,” replied Hugh
frankly, “ that’s the very reason I’ve been
hesitating for five or six minutes across
the street. I was afraid that was just
what you wanted, and I’m willing to
adopt any profession but murder. Are
you ‘ K. S.’ ? ”

  He thought it better to make no show
of the information gathered from the
man across the street.

  The old man did not answer his ques-
tion, but fumbled about in the dark hall,
returning with a lighted match cupped
between his palms and held in such a
way that the escaping ray fell aslant
Hugh’s cheek-bones.

  “ Come in,” he said abruptly as the
door slammed at Hugh’s heels.

  Another door thrown open ahead re-
vealed a room and a tiny fire, by which
sat a girl, her head resting on her palms,
the red glow upon her dusky hair, a sil-
houette of her head in shadow like that
of a young Arcadian shepherd. Un-
moved by the entrance of a stranger, she
swung a foot and ankle, whose slimness
was not disguised by the coarseness of
stocking and shoe, with the regularity of
a pendulum, her eyes fastened upon the
fire.

  Across the room an oil-lamp burned
on a table that was scattered with coarse
paper filled with figures and sketches,
over which the old man threw a copy of
an evening journal before he motioned
his visitor to a chair.

   As for the girl, he paid as little atten-
tion to her as she had given to their en-
trance.

  “ Draw up,” he said, and Hugh saw
across the lamp - lit table a man with
bristly iron-gray hair cut close to his

scalp, a beard — pure white — clipped,
watery eyes, and a pair of ears phenome-
nally small. Certainly not one to fear.
His attire denoted cleanly poverty—an
old office - coat, frayed cuffs, a white
string tie.

  “ I worded that advertisement wrong,”
he commented as he gazed at Hugh.
“ You are the first man who applied that
I could take. The rest were rascals.
You—you’re well-dressed, and you look
honest. Y'ou haven’t come here out of
curiosity—to mock me?”

   “ I came here with my pal, Phil Bemis,
from Nevada, three weeks ago,” answered
Hugh. “ We were a couple of the un-
lucky ones; sunk everything we had, and
got nothing. We’ve run short of every-
thing but clothes and linen—we bought
a lot of that when we were flush in San
Francisco.

  “ We’re mining engineers by profes-
sion, and did well up to this year. Then
we thought we had a good thing round
Goldfield—and we were the good things.
Want any references ? ”

  “ Yes,” replied the old man. “ My
name’s Selfridge. Yrou can find out all
about me from my bankers—Ellison &
Head.”

  Hugh gave him his visiting-card and
several letters, over which old Selfridge
studied, holding the letters up to the
light as though to detect blotches or
erasures. Silently he handed them back.

   “ I suppose,” he said, “ you’re curious
about what I mean by that advertise-
ment? ”

  “ Eh?—yes,” rejoined Hugh, whose
eyes had wandered to the silhouette of the
little head made by the dancing firelight.

  Since his first glance at her, it had
seemed unnecessary for the old man to go
into any details about the work he wished
done ; it was already settled in the mind
of Hugh Coates that it was he, and he
alone, who could do what was required.

   “ I mean,” said old Selfridge sternly,
“ your own life— Do you value it? ”

  The pendulum movement of foot and
ankle became slower, then still, and
Hugh was divided between dislike of
untruth and fear of being adjudged a
coward before the girl had even looked
at him.

  “Why, I don’t know, sir,” lie replied
*a trifle uneasily. “ I don’t know that
I’HE HIDDEN HATE

709

I've ever given the subject very much
thought. I’ve got no great quarrel with
life—but the devil’s had me in his hand
once or twice, and I don’t believe 1
showed the white feather. I don’t guess
any healthy man is anxious to die—but
I reckon I’m as courageous as the aver-
age.”

  He was glad to note that the foot and
ankle remained still; evidently he had
acquitted himself well enough to be
judged worthy of a listener’s attention.

  He had not been paying very close at-
tention to the old man, but it was plain
that he had been accepted as one worthy
of trust; for when his mind recalled the
presence of Selfridge it was to discover
that part of a narrative had escaped him.

  “ One of the oldest families of the
South, but fallen upon evil times, so my
father came North just after the Civil
War, and I never saw any of my rela-
tives after that except Uncle Benjamin,
who left me his library when he died—
very old books that came from Selfridge
Hall, in Powhatan County, Maryland.”

  The girl turned and met the gaze of
the young engineer, and again the drift
of the old man's speech was lost in
Hugh’s contemplation of her pallid face,
her tragic eyes, expressionless when she
saw he observed her.

  What eyes! She seemed too little to
have them, too slender, too young.
Coukl this be the girl who made the beds
and washed the dishes? It was like
using one of Rodin’s sculptures to grow
spring onions in. Had it coarsened her
hands?

  “ Mr. Coates! ”

  “ Yes, sir, I heard what you said.”

  And, putting his head between his
hands, Hugh Coates leaned his elbows on
the table and heard the old man drone
on for close upon an hour.

  “ I accept, sir,” he said instantly,
when a long silence seemed to indicate
that the story was completed.

  “ You understand,” said Selfridge
carefully, “ that you are to be paid ex-
actly one-twenty-fifth of whatever treas-
ure is found, and nothing at all until it is
found. Another one-twenty-fifth must
go to another man whom 1 have yet to
find.

  “ The remainder goes to my son, Hor-
ace Selfridge, whom my stepdaughter

Donna is to marry as soon as he has com-
pleted his course at college. Meanwhile,
she will go with us to Powhatan County
and cook for us and keep camp—that is
Donna, over there.”

  He nodded toward the girl by the fire,
who look no more interest in the state-
ment than though it concerned some un-
known person. Crossing to the mantel,
old Selfridge took down a cabinet pic-
ture which he laid before Hugh.

  “ And that is Horace ! ”

  If his tone had been casual in refer-
ring to the girl, it made up for it in
the statement having to do with the
original of the flabby young man in the
flamboyant college clothes, as weak-eyed
and squirrel-eared as his father, yet not
without a certain sort of good looks.

  “ You mentioned a friend,” said Self-
ridge, as he replaced the photograph.

  “ My pal,” returned Hugh eagerly;
“ we’ve been together since our freshman
year. It’ll be hard, parting with him.
I—I—wonder if you couldn’t find a
place for him. I—I’d hate to leave
Phil.”

  “ I need another man; if he’s willing
to go on the same terms—”

  “Willing!” shouted Hugh, grasping
the old man’s hand. “Willing! You’re
on! The two of us report for duty to-
morrow morning ! Sav, you’ve saved our
lives!”

  So overjoyed was he that he with
difficulty restrained his terpsichorean de-
sires. He concluded the arrangements
hastily, for he felt that nothing short
of an air-ship would take him speedily
enough to Phil Bemis.

  As he crossed the room, he paused
and regarded the girl, but she still rocked.

  When he went out she was still rock-
ing, and he did not see her eyes again.

CHAPTER II.

DAMON AND PYTHIAS.

  It was still misty without, but the
noise of the closing door was enough to
attract the attention of the watcher
across the street, and he whistled softly.
Hugh crossed over.

  “ I’m afraid I can’t be explicit,” he
said shortly, as he returned the revolver.
“ But I assure you that it isn’t any case
710

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

of murder. It’s a question of a risky
undertaking that the old gentleman’s
going to engage in, and he needs a man
to help him. That’s all. Really it is.
The advertisement meant nothing hut a
disregard for one’s own life.”

  He heard the man breathe relievedly.
“ And now, if it’s not too much
trouble,” added Hugh, as they moved
toward Eighth Street. “ would you mind
gratifying my Curiosity? Why did you
want to know, and why didn’t you ask
yourself? ”

  The man had dropped his somewhat
careful tone when he answered:

  “ I’m a special detective, that’s all, my
friend, and I went to answer the ad my-
self. I took a long chance and pretend-
ed to be a cutthroat, and he threw me
out. 1 thought he’d recognized me for a
‘bull.’ I'm glad it’s no Black Hand
stuff. But we people have got to look
out for that. I’m obliged to you.”

  And, with a curt “ good night,” the de-
tective cut off in the direction of Sixth
Avenue, passing out of this narrative.

  Hugh boarded a car, and on reaching
his destination—a dingy Twenty-Third
Street hotel—found a scribbled note be-
low the dressing-table light.

  Sallying out again in response to it,
he joined Mr. Philip Bemis over corned-
beef hash and poached eggs in a restau-
rant which was, at that hour, a private
dining-room for the two.

  “ You needn’t look at me,” said Phil,
sopping up the last of the allotted por-
tion of bread. “ The ads were principal-
ly designed for those who love work for
its own sweet sake.

  “ Qne man offered me as high as seven-
fifty for merely keeping his books, doing
his typewriting, and running his errands'.
He said a girl would do it for six, but
he wasn’t mean— What? You’ve got
something? ”

  “ Put that between us and it makes a
sandwich,” answered Hugh gleefully, as
he laid down the clipping which implied
sanguinary deeds.

 “What—that crazy one? You an-
swered it? ”

  “ ‘ And done well,’ ” replied Mr.
Coates. “ There’s a job for both. Want
to hear about it ? ”

  “Nope," replied Mr. Bemis. “I’m
with you, Hughey— My dear!”

  He called the leisurely waitress.

  “ We have got a job,” he said. “ You
can duplicate that order, little lady.
That goes for me and my friend. No,
old pal, I haven’t the slightest desire to
hear the details. All I insist on is rub-
ber gloves. 1 hate to get my hands all
covered with gore. It’s so sticky.”

  “ Oh. that’s all a pipe-dream. The
old man’s a little dotty, I think. But
he’s willing to pay our expenses. And
there's a girl—”

  “ I love your lucidity,” commented
Phil.

  “ He comes of a good Southern fam-
ily—” began Hugh.

  “ There are,” interrupted Phil, “ no
families in the South that are not good;
nor that did not once own slaves.”

  “ And his cousin still owns a place
down in Powhatan County, Maryland,
called Selfridge Hall. He also owns a
few thousand acres of salt - marshes,
swamps, and creeks bordering on the
Atlantic Ocean.

  “ Following the trail of one of these
inlets to one of these swamps, you come
to a small islet. On this is buried the
treasure of a certain piratical privateers-
man, who departed this life in 1815. He
was the great-great-uncle of the gentle-
man who employs us.

  “ It appears that lie returned from his
piratical career in bad shape and applied
to his brother to take him. His brother,
thinking he was poor, did so grudgingly.
To repay him for such a lack of fraternal
feeling, the dying pirate ripped open the
binding of a book and secreted therein
the map showing where he had hidden his
ill-gotten gains, together with a state-
ment as to why he did it. He then neatly
sewed up the binding again.

  “ The volume in question remained in
Selfridge Hall until after the Civil War,
when our Mr. Selfridge’s grandfather
died, willing Selfridge Hall to his eldest
son. who cordially hated his brother Ben-
jamin and his brother William—our Mr.
Self ridge’s father.

  “ So both of them had to go to work,
and they came North, that their aristo-
cratic relatives and friends might not be-
hold their degradation. Uncle Benjy, it
appears, froze on to some of the books,
among them the one doctored by the dy-
ing pirate.
THE HIDDEN HATE.

711

   “ When he died, our Mr. Selfridge got
it. A year or so ago he accidentally tore
the binding—and since that time lie’s
been trying to save enough money to go
down there and get the treasure out of
soak. With it he intends to buy Self-
ridge Hall, marry his turnip-faced son
to a darling of a girl, and start one of
the reall'y-truly first families of America
on its aristocratic way again.”

  “ Where do we come in? ” asked Phil.
“ And why all this bunk about the value
of a human life? ”

   “ Oh, lie’s superstitious. You see, the
dying pirate to whom I have constantly
referred in my narrative, a sort of a
Red Ralph the Rover, evidently thought
that to give such a treasure to some per-
son unknown without having had any fun
out of it himself was poor business. Since
he had gone to all the trouble of stealing
it, he made up his mind he’d frame up a
little diversion for his life in another
sphere.

   “ So, in the narrative, he cautioned the
finder of the treasure to avoid laying his
hands on a certain ruby necklace which
was cursed by the first man whose
life he took and which had already been
responsible for the death of seven men.

   “ ‘ 1 myself,’ he writes, ‘ scorning the
wisdom of the ancients, put my godless
hand upon this netklace, and the same
day received the wound which has been
my death. He who touches it will sure-
ly die, so I caution you to go warily and
avoid even the graze of this malignant
jewel.’ ”

   “ And so he’s going to let us dig, is
he?”

   “ That’s about it, I suppose. Does it
feeze you? ”

•	“ Not if I've got my rabbit’s foot with
me. When do we start? ”

  “ To-morrow or the next day. We’re
to help him choose a big touring-car and
to motor down to Powhatan County, as
it isn’t important enough for a railroad
to go within a hundred miles of it.
W'e’re to make camp at the mouth of
Goose Inlet, while he locates the treas-
ure, which is up-creek.

   “ He’ll have to work by night, because
the treasure’s 011 his uncle’s property, and
if the uncle catches him at it the treasure
will be ‘ his’n.’ Self ridge doesn’t trust
anybody a whole lot. We’re to bring the

treasure down-creek, a canoe-load at a
time, and load it into the motor - car.
When we get a motor-load, he’ll take it
and one of us up to the Philadelphia
Mint, leaving the other to guard the
treasure, and the girl as his personal rep-
resentative to see we don’t double-cross
him.

  “ He figures on three hundred and fifty
thousand dollars without counting the
cursed ruby necklace. I’ve got a hunch
he’ll let us have the necklace in addition
to the two twenty-fifths. So if the map
isn’t the bunk, we’ve hitched onto a good
thing.”

  They clasped hands across the table.

  “ What a good fellow you are, Hugh,
getting me in on everything,” said Phil,
as they looked at each other.

  “Aren’t we pals?” demanded Hugh
in surprise.

  “ You bet we are,” returned the more
demonstrative Phil. “ And if our fi-
nances are low, they are not too low to
drink to the best thing on earth—a
friendship between two men. By C<esar,
it’s something that lasts, that is.”

  Yet Hugh found himself thinking of
the girl at the fireside, with the head of
an Arcadian shepherd-boy and the eyes
of tragedy.

CHAPTER III.

                                          V

WHERE THE GRAY GEESE FLY.

  It was a sunless afternoon, when
nothing seemed alive, not even the sea.
Under a sky like dull platinum lay the
vast stretch of gray marshland and
ocean.

  No wind stirred the gorse and the
thistles; a single sailing-ship, far out
from land, lay helplessly to port as though
congealed within an iceberg. To the
south, the serpentine flow' of Goose In-
let became glass-like as it lost itself in
the cypress swamp, a black blotch upon
the gray, and an occasional thin streak
of smoke ascending from the sheltered
cove alone gave evidence of habitation,
human or otherwise.

  To the two young men who came out
of the little enclosed horseshoe of rock
to stroll on the beach, the vastness, the
loneliness, the silence, were only as old
f riends.
712

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

  They had seen many such places un-
der the sky, and they liked them better
than the limitations of the cities. For
the sea has its own language for those
who love her, the broad dome of the
sky tells many secrets to him who un-
derstands, and the smell of the strong
fresh air has its own tang which only
its friends may know.

  These hardened, bronzed and rough-
ly dressed young fellows were the
friends of the elements and the lords
of the silent places. It was given to
them to know Nature as others know
men and women, and they liked Nature
better. She was kindlier, honester, giv-
ing warning of her moods.

  Marvelously ignorant, these two, of
those creatures which civilization has
made of the noble animal—man. Their
friendship for one another had been all-
sufficient, and they had found no neces-
sity for other ties. So, strong in the
belief that all other men were like
themselves, they had the innocent, con-
fiding faith of children in the goodness
of the world.

  Now, stretched out in the gorse, with
the salt air upon their faces, they filled
their pipes from a single pouch, and
stretched out in that glorious laziness
which comes from a knowledge that no
duty is suffering from neglect.

  “ Wonder when we begin to earn our
money?” asked Hugh, after his eyes
had grown tired of watching the gyra-
tions of a pair of wild geese flying
swampward.

  “ Wish he’d take us in there with
him?” grumbled Phil, pointing toward
the white bark of the birches that
girdled the swampland, and where the
arriving geese seemed to have stirred up
some commotion; for now, out of the
light fog that hung over the cypress-
tops, a flock of gray-black forms rose
like an erratic balloon in a vortex,
honking, shrilling, excited.

  Phil found their appearance further
cause for grumbling.

  “ Think what we could do with a
double-barreled shotgun and a dog,” he
said, his tone vexed.

  Hugh looked at him in some surprise.
In the three days they had already
spent at Goose Inlet, a certain an-
tagonism had developed in Philip

Bemis that Hugh had never before
seen, even in the most trying experiences
they had shared together.

  There did not seem much excuse for
it, and Hugh was grieved at the lack
of appreciation it showed; for were
they not employed ? — wasn’t there a
chance for making quite a considerable
sum? Meanwhile, wasn’t there the
camp-fire, the warm blankets, the un-
tainted air, the rolling sea—and Donna!

  A sudden suspicion, the first he had
had, smote Hugh. Was Phil daring to
do what he had denied himself? Self-
ridge had made it plain that Donna
was to be his son’s wife, and until he
no longer owed Selfridge service, Hugh
was determined to keep faith with him.

  It was difficult, too, with that silent,
frail little girl moving about uncom-
plainingly, an unpaid servant, expected
by her stepfather to perform the hard-
est tasks speedily; grumbled and sworn
at when she was doing her best, and
ignored when menial services were not
required. In his heart, Hugh had
grown to hate old Selfridge, his greed,
his unholy pride, and his contempt for
others; but he had addressed no words
to Donna which held sympathy, pre-
ferring to show his feelings by taking
off her hands all the harder labor of
the camp.

  Until now, the fact that Phil was
eager to forestall him in this he had
laid down to the natural love which
Phil had for him; but now he remem-
bered that Phil had been actually ill-
natured when Hugh had managed to
wake before him this morning and fin-
ish the chopping of the wood before
Donna was more than half awake, and,
as a reward, had had her all to him-
self, swimming far out to sea with her,
eJculting in the chill of the morning.

  What a picture .-.he had made, bend-
ing over the fire, wrapped to the chin
in a heavy woolen robe, crimson of hue;
her drying hair loose about her shoul-
ders, her great eyes for the moment de-
nuded of tragedy and smiling gratitude
at Hugh! And such had been the pic-
ture when Phil awakened.

  He had been ill-natured ever since.

  “ See here, Bemis,” said Hugh sud-
denly, knocking the ashes from his pipe
to the moss and grinding them out with
THE HIDDEN HATE.

713

his heel, “ what’s the matter with you
these days ? ”

  The use of his surname acted upon
Phil as a douche of cold water. Hugh
had not so addressed him in years.
After the shock of it, a sullenness re-
sulted.

  “ I dunno what you mean, Coates,”
he replied, emphasizing the unfamiliar
form of address. “ What do you
mean ? ’’

  There was an absence of honesty in
the glances that were exchanged, and
both felt it. Hugh was the stronger of
the two, ‘herefore the first to relent.

  “ Oh, come, pal,” he said kindly,
“ there’s been a cloud between us lately
—look there ! ”

  With the waning afternoon, the fog
over the cypresses and white birches
grew heavier. Now the sea-mist was
rolling in great patches toward the
trembling reeds and the quaking mud,
and soon the white of the birches could
no longer be seen.

   “ We don’t want it lo get like that,”
remarked Hugh at length. “ It’s just
a little cloud yet, old boy!”

   “ I tell you 1 don’t know what you're
talking about,” returned Phil stubborn-
ly. “ You're always getting ideas into
your head like that. Why can’t you
leave me alone ? ”

   He looked away, snarling almost, for
Hugh’s glance was both hurt and re-
proachful, and his “Phil!” was
charged with an emotion that the re-
cipient resented, for lie knew himself to
be in the wrong. Vaguely, however, he
felt that he had been ill-treated. Here
he was, lying • out here under the sky,
smoking and doing nothing to anybody,
and Hu"h had to deliver him a lec-
ture !

  “ If it’s about Donna, Phil—” said
Hugh tentatively after a long pause.

  “If what’s about Donna?” shouted
the other, tearing his soft hat from his
blond head and jumping up excitedly.
“ If what’s about Donna? Good Lord,
Hugh, cut it out! You make me tired!
You’ll be telling me I’m crazy about
her next. Yes, and—”

   “ And — aren’t you ? ” interrogated
Hugh hopefully.

  “ No. I’m not,” returned Phil with
an oath, and started away. Hut there

was something so forlorn about Hugh’s
position as he stood staring after, that
the heart of his friend melted, and back
he came, with his hat on again and both
hands outstretched.

   “ Don’t let’s quarrel, Hugh,” he said,
his tone slightly quavering. “ After
all, we’ve only got one another. But—
Well, I've been out of sorts—something
—a touch of liver maybe. Ob, the
deuce! forgive me, old fellow.”

   And again they filled pipes out of
the same pouch and smoked in silence.
But the question Hugh had asked about
Donna remained still a question, and
both men knew it.

  Phil would have liked to know
whether Hugh cared for the girl. His
standard of honor was not quite as high
as his dark-haired friend’s; he was
gayer of nature and more easily de-
pressed. The fact that Selfridge’s son
was Donna’s affianced was of no mo-
ment to him.

   But Hugh’s attitude—that was dif-
ferent. It had hurt him sorely to see
Hugh looking forlorn. No matter how
much he cared for a girl—“ no matter
how much,” he repeated firmly to him-
self—he would not hurt Hugh.

   From which it will be seen that Mas-
-ter Phil was slightly prone to the dra-
matic: whereas Hugh had not one
theatrical impulse. He saw no gran-
deur in any action which was a mere
matter of fair dealing with a friend; no
beauty in a sacrifice made for one he
loved.

   He went to the theater seldom, be-
cause he was never in tune with the high
lights of emotions. To him there was
never a question of swerving from what
he thought to be the right thing to do.
He saw no need to get emotional over
doing the right thing.

   But Phil would be sure to make an
impressive spectacle out of a sacrifice!

   Yet, Phil was the more lovable of the
two, where ninety-nine out of a hundred
people were concerned. He was light-
hearted, while Hugh was inclined to be
contemplative; he would loan a dollar
to the most casual acquaintance, and
neglect to pay back his best friend.
Phil’s friends always suffered finan-
cially for their friendship; Hugh, most
of ail.
714

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

             r

  Hugh would have denied his friend,
his sweetheart, or his mother nothing—
but the casual borrower would have
gone away with empty pockets; for,
where Hugh’s emotions were not
touched, he was colder than the heart
of a hotelkeeper.

  And now, as he stared away at the
long breakers that rose, fleece-like and
foamy, on the teeth of the inlying rocks,
a feeling of desolation overcame him.
He was sure tiiat the little dark girl
with the hair like silk and the eyes of
tragedy was necessary to his happiness.
Yet, between him and her lay as many
rocks as separated the breakers from
the beach.

  So absorbed was he that he did not
see her coming. As for Phil, he lay
with his face to the moss, staring at
the fog on the swamp.

  She came toward the silent ones, her
hair heavy with the sea-mist, little salt-
jewels upon her long lashes framing the
eyes of tragedy; came along in her little
rough shoes and coarse stockings, but
with the grace of the wind itself in her
swaying walk, and sat down, silent as
ever, beside Hugh, staring also at the
sea.

  Phil’s head had sunk down to the
moss and he slept, the breeze riffling
his blond hair. The girl put a rough
little hand forward, like a tame animal
not sure that it pleases its master, and
the rough little hand played with the
blond hair.,

  It was an instinctive action, holding
neither love nor affection in it, simply
a desire to make a toy of a living thing.
But the scowl upon Hugh’s face caused
her to withdraw the hand quickly and
look away.

  She was rather pleased that Hugh
should scowl. She was only seventeen,
and the knowledge that her actions
could influence the thoughts of strong
men thrilled her strangely. She wished
suddenly that Phil would awake and see
her caress Hugh’s hair. Would he be
angry, too?

  She did not make any excuse to Hugh
—merely lifted a pathetic little face.

  The girl’s charm was accentuated by
her peculiar quality of silence. Down
in hei elf-like brain, she dreamed
strange things—things big, wonderful,

soul-stirring; and some strength of in-
tuition told her that the words that came
to her lips expressed none of these
things.

  She was a witch, in her way, with a
spell of atmosphere, a spell seldom bro-
ken by chatter. Her eyes spoke for her.

  To Hugh she always turned the face
of one who needs protection. This very
morning, out in the water, she had pre-
tended once or twice to be out of
breath, when in reality her sturdy little
lungs were like those of a seal. But
Hugh had liked to swim with one arm
about her, and she had given him the
chance.

  Hugh was bigger than Phil, and she
liked that bigness. But then Phil told
her funny stories, and made a capital
stock of fun out of her stepfather, and
also made her heart glad with imita-
tions of the face in the cabinet-photo-
graph which old Selfridge intended to
l)e that of the father of the future Self-
ridges.

  She had confessed something to Phil
this morning. It occurred to her to find
out how Hugh would take it.

  “ I don’t want to marry Horace,”
she said suddenly and just as simply as
the words stand written, except for a
certain plaintive note that always ac-
companied the face she turned to Hugh.

  “ I wouldn’t tell anybody but you.”
she added hastily, with a glance at Phil,
sleeping. “ Don’t say anything to him.”

  It would be unjust to Donna to say
that she did such things as this from
any motive save that of a desire to
please the person to whom she talked
and to prop up her growing belief in
her own importance. In these latter
days, there had been no one in the house
save old men and women, who took
little notice of her save to disparage the
ripe tints of her skin and the “ bold-
ness ” of her eyes.

  Donna was a beauty of a warmer
clime; the blood of Spain was in her
veins; Spanish blood that had kept pure
for three generations under the hot Cen-
tral American sun. She was the daugh-
ter of an attache of the Salvador con-
sulate by his marriage to Margaret
Hoskin, a patient, ox-eyed, self-denying
woman who had once nursed Senor Ruiz
during a serious illness.
THE HIDDEN HATE.

715

  Donna’s life during her father’s time
had been enlivened by gay, well-dressed
gentlemen who often took her for
walks on Fifth Avenue, and let her stop
in Raquin’s with them, and drink gren-
adine and other sirups, while they
chatted over affairs under the tropic
sky.

  Hernano Ruiz had been a “ spender,”
like all his race, and with his death,
Donna fell from the glory of rainbow-
tinted waistcoated gentlemen until,
after Madam Ruiz's marrbge to Self-
ridge, she degenerated into a lodging-
house “ slavey.”

  She was typically feudal in her im-
pressions. Men had always had the
right to place women where they wished
—according to her mother. But a
realization of her own beauty was
growing stronger every day, and it gave
her little warm thrills of pride to think
that, such as she was, she was able to
influence just such men as she remem-
bered in her days of strolling on Fifth
Avenue.

  She had often thought that it was
very nice to own a gentleman with a
brave waistcoat and an easy way of tell-
ing other people to bring him and his
friends things to eat and drink, and not
looking at the money that was given
him in change.

  “ Maybe,” said Hugh with a brave
effort, “ maybe you’re too young to
know just exactly whom you do want to
marry.”

  “ Oh, I know,” she returned with a
little, wise shake of the head and an
upward glance that set wild thoughts at
liberty in his well-ordered brain. “ I
know.”

  She got remarkable effects with the
few words she used, but she was a
plagiarist. She had used exactly the
same words and the same glance and
the same gesture with Phil in the morn-
ing. Now she was disappointed in the
effect.

  Phil had come closer to her and taken
her hand, and besought her to tell him
just who it was that she knew to be the
desired director of her destinies. Hugh
did no such things. He only seemed
vaguely troubled. Also, he looked
away from her.

  She sighed.

  “ Oh, Donna,” cried Hugh suddenly,
and turned eyes on her that even a tyro
like herself knew for yearning eyes.

  Primitive herself, she could not un-
derstand the motives that held him
back. In reality, she was not quite sure
what she wanted him to do, or how it
would affect her, if he declared himself
as the man she wanted.

  Phil was nice, too! What she chiefly
wanted was sympathy in her affliction;
the affliction of being turned over to a
youth who was insufferably masterful
without reason for being so. Even
Donna’s youth permitted her to under-
stand that Selfridge’s worship of young
Horace was founded on a fallacy.

  It was most irksome to her to think
that she should do rough housework in
order that this unprepossessing hobblede-
hoy might live like a gentleman at
college.

  Donna only knew one kind of gen-
tleman—those of the rainbow-tinted
waistcoats and the easy way of spending
money, and to this class young Self-
ridge did not belong.

  “ You see, Donna,” Hugh finally
brought himself to say, “ any man who
married you, and made you throw over
Selfridge’s son, would be working a
hardship on you, unless you were sev-
eral years older and knew that your love
for him outweighed all other considera-
tions. From what your stepfather tells
me, the fortune that’s buried round here
amounts to something like three or four
hundred thousand dollars.

  “ Now, that will buy a beautiful
house and provide you with servants
and a maid to take care of your hair
and manicure your fingers, and a motor-
car to ride in, and a thousand and one
more things that all pretty girls think
are their due. You would have to love
a man a great deal to give up all those
things willingly.

  “ Don’t you see, if you married any-
body else, you’d be bound to poverty,
practically, all your life. That is, if—
well, in the case of an average man like
Hugh Coates or Phil Bemis. That’s
what I mean.”

  Donna opened her round eyes very
wide.	,

  “ But I should have the half of die
treasure,” she said slowly.
716

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

  Hugh smiled.

  “ That’s not the way I understand it,
Donna,” he returned. “ You 'see, Mr.
Selfridge is very proud of the position
his family once held in these parts. His
idea in digging up this treasure, as I
understand it, is not so much for him-
self as for the sake of the family name.
He wants to put it on the basis it was
before the Civil War.

  “ Up there ”—and he waved his hand
to indicate a space far beyond the
swamp—“ up there lies Selfridge Hall,
that is now in ruins, or something very
much like that. Mr. Selfridge intends
to—”

  “ I know that,” said the girl impa-
tiently ; “ but the treasure is to be di-
vided between Horace and me. It was
to have been divided between mama and
Mr. Selfridge.”

  Hugh shrugged his shoulders.

  “ You evidently don’t take your
father’s consuming passion very se-
riously,” he returned; “but I’ll tell you
this. You’d better not let him hear you
say you don’t intend to marry Horace.
Because, if you do, he’ll probably send
you out in the world to make your own
living.”

  In spite of the serious thoughts that
this brought to the girl’s mind, she
could not overlook the chance for co-
quetting.

  “And what should I do, then?” she
asked. •

  “ Why—”

  The words were at Hugh’s lips, his
arms were curved forward as though to
take her slim body between them, when
Phil woke and, raising himself 011 his
elbow, saw the look and the gesture.
There was a scowl 011 his face.

  The girl looked from one to the other,
and then away, for delight had come
into her eyes—the natural pride of the
woman over whom two men are about to
quarrel.

  But a long, snarling cry interrupted
the situation, and Donna sprang to her
feet.

  “ He’s awake,” she cried. “ I’ll have
to run and cook some supper.”

  The two men followed slowly, neither
speaking.

  Finally Phil, knocking the ashes
from his pipe with a quick gesture,

sprang ahead, and left his companion
alone in the silence of monotonous
sounds.

CHAPTER IV.

THE RED NECKLACE.

  There is no particular virtue in keep-
ing one!a body clean, if one inhabits a
room with a bath attached. The truly
cleanly man or woman must be sought for
in places where the taking of a bath is
accompanied by painful preparation.
Old Selfridge could not be so classified.
Since the arrival of the party at Goose
Inlet, no water had touched his face, nor
had he changed a single article of cloth-
ing; sleeping, eating, and digging for
treasure in a suit of corduroys and a flan-
nel shirt purchased in the first instance
from a second-hand store on Sixth Ave-
nue, and much in need of the cleaner’s
skill then.

  He had been sleeping all day, for, in
spite of the fact that Goose Inlet was
miles from any human being, he clung to
the belief that his uncle of Self ridge Hall
was on the alert for trespassers on his
property.

  Therefore he quitted the camp after
supper each night, and, getting into the
canoe, paddled up the inlet and disap-
peared into the swamp, where, with a
tape-measure, a compass, and a foot-rule,
he went about the little islet up there,
following the directions given on the
map of the piratical privateersman. For
three nights he had been so employed, re-
turning in a surly mood at daybreak, wa-
king up Donna, eating breakfast, and
sleeping during the day. As the girl
ran breathless at his call, he glared at
her and called for food.

  The little cove with the shelving beach
was ideally suited to the party, for the
early October weather was mild, and the
sea-breezes were warded off by the rock
wall. Hugh and Phil had constructed
a couple of “ lean-tos,” one for Donna
and one for the men, and had spent some
time cutting down young saplings and
firs to protect the motor-car from rain.
So that, with the evening shadows on the
place, and the little fire crackling violet
and orange, the place had the atmosphere
and smell of Christmas cheer.
THE HIDDEN HATE

717

  Hugh lounged in before Phil and lay
on the sands near Self ridge, watching the
girl as she busied herself with frying-
pan and coffee-pot, the red glow on her
dark face as he had first seen it that night
011 Orton Street.

   He turned occasionally as a harsh word
from Selfridge recalled that person to his
mind. Hugh stared at the dirty old man
offensively.

  His white beard was stained; he had
put on a mud-caked hat and taken it off,
leaving some of the clay clinging to his
bristly skull, and his little eyes were half
hidden by their red rims. A sullen devil
was fast growing to life in Hugh’s mind,
as he pictured young Selfridge develop-
ing into such a man.

  The girl understood, and threw him
appealing glances.

  Deliberately Hugh turned to the old
man.

   “ As 1 understand it, sir," he said in a
calm, smooth voice, “ one-twenty-fifth
of the treasure belongs to Mr. Bemis,
and another twenty-fifth to me. After
that the money is to be equally divided
between your son and Miss Donna. Am
I right?” -	/

  “Divided?” growled Selfridge, look-
ing up. “ What’s to be divided? ”

  “ The money from the treasure,” re-
plied Hugh suavely.

   Selfridge turned his back upon him.

  “ There never was any question of
division,” he snarled.

   And then, as Phil’s approaching foot-
steps caused him to turn and put a hand
to the pocket that held a weapon:

   “ Don’t you be putting foolish notions
into the girl’s head. She’s lucky enough
as it is. She has no claim on this money.
It’s Selfridge money—my money. I’d
look fine dividing it with somebody, now
wouldn’t I ? It’s money to buy Selfridge
Hall with.

   “ What’s a little shrimp of a girl got
to do with that? I m giving her the
chance to be the mother of my son’s chil-
dren—of the new Selfridge family. And
all because she’s Margaret’s daughter.
Not for her own sake, the sulky little
brute.”

   He glared at Donna, waving his hand.

“ Oh, you think you’re ill-treated—ill-
treated! ”

   He fell to muttering, letting the sand

trickle between his fingers. Donna went
about her work as though she had not
been the subject of conversation, saying
nothing until she had fried the ham and
the potatoes and taken the coffee off the
crooked stick.

   Then she warmed the agateware cups
and plates and spread four or five
Japanese napkins on a flat rock so as to
make a table-cloth.

   “ Supper’s ready,” she announced.

  There was no word of conversation
during the meal, except frequent requests
from the old man for more food and
drink. Hugh and Phil resolutely avoid-
ed the gaze of each other, Donrla kept
her eyes on the fire, the old man had his
fixed on his plate.

   With his little eyes, his bristly head,
and his thick neck, Hugh was continually
reminded of a fatted porker bending over
a trough. He had grown to hate Self-
ridge.

   Had he been given the faculty of look-
ing impartially upon himself, it would
have been flashed upon him that his atti-
tude was ridiculous. Self ridge had taken
him from poverty and given him the
chance to make a small fortune; also, it
was through Selfridge that he had met
Donna. Hut Hugh was in love, and he
saw only the little dark girl staring at the
fire.

  She had cleared away the supper-
tliings by now, washed them in the
stream, and returned to the warm sands.
The quiet was unbroken, save for the
final flap of gull wings as the birds set-
tled down in the nooks and crannies of
the overhead rocks; and as for the sea,
that great rolling murmur was only the
soother of silence, except when an unruly
little whitecap sent a snowlike streamer
through the teeth of inlying rocks.

   Selfridge sat bolt upright, seeming to
count the grains of sand that trickled
through his fingers, and the night spread
and spread until even the whitecaps of
the waves were no longer distinguishable
through the gloom of the sea-mist.

   Presently the old man rose, and, with
no word, went to the edge of the creck
and pushed the canoe into the water, a
lighted lantern in his hand. They heard
the splash, and, after the gurgle caused
by the sharp nose of the canvas craft
cutting the quiet water, the silence fell
718

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

again, and the two men and the girl
watched the rays of light fall on the
black current on either side until finally
it was no more than a pin-point of ra-
diance that went out like the last glow of
a burned match.

  “Are you superstitious, Donna?”
asked Hugh suddenly.

  “ You’re thinking about the ruby neck-
lace,” was her unexpected reply. The
girl was weirdly intuitive, such a person
as mediums desire when they make
“ tests ” for people worth while con-
vincing. It was not, therefore, strange
that she should have intercepted the
thought-current, which ran more swiftly
than the fire burned.

  Hazily it had occurred to Hugh that
if Selfridge died, Donna would be willing
to marry him, for then she would have
the half share of the treasure and must
needs deny herself none of the pretty
things she must crave.

  To Phil it appeared that the ruby neck-
lace might cause Selfridge’s death before
he had unearthed the remainder of the
treasure, in which case all the money
would be Donna’s except a small annuity
that they would allow the flabby-faced
boy along with the necklace itself, which
might do for him what it had done for
his father.

  As for Hugh—he wondered if Hugh
could be persuaded to touch the neck-
lace. Hugh was unfair.

  No reason came to Phil’s mind why he
should harbor such a thought against his
chum, and this angered him the more.
Hugh was underhanded; that was it—he
was underhanded.

  And so the two passions—greed for
gold and love for woman, the only real
passions found in the breast of every
human—had changed two lovable boys
into men who looked upon the death of
a fellow creature lightly.

  The desire for wealth could, by itself,
have worked no such transformation;
but each knew in his heart that he could
not hope to keep this woman by love
alone. She must have love, and other
tilings, too. And up there in the swamp
was the gold that would buy the other
things.

  The three eyed one another—Phil and
Hugh in something like consternation;
the girl in a satisfied, silent, smiling way.

  “What about the ruby necklace?”
asked Phil hoarsely.

  It was one thing to jeer about old
wives’ tales when in the midst of the sor-
did commonplace—the stone-topped ta-
bles, the saucy waitresses, the thundering
“ L,” and the whirring trolley-cars. But
down on a lonely beach with a crackling
fire and a quiet sea, the shadows dwin-
dling and lessening on the sand, and the
flap of wings overhead—there was a
chance of seeing the pirate schooner, the
dying woman, the curse, and the knife-
thrust here.

  “ I was wondering,” said Hugh, as one
in a daze hears himself talk—“ I was
wondering if that necklace wasn’t, in
some way, a sort of guard for the treas-
ure. Whether—whether—it wasn’t one
of those things given back to earth with
an invisible guardian.

  “ Out in China there is a temple con-
taining wealth beyond reason. It has
four doors—silver, iron, copper, gold—■
and the tradition is that when a door was
completed, a priest killed himself that his
soul might pass into the watching dragon
painted on the door.”

  “What a fool you are!” cried Phil,
shivering, nevertheless, as the shadows of
the flapping birds above swelled into
vampire size with the uproaring flames.

  The girl alone seemed unmoved. She
was like a salamander, finding the fire
all sufficient, sitting so close to it that the
red tongues of it seemed to lick her face
without searing it. The orange-and-vio-
let flames had died away now, and the fire
was red and burning before her like an
altar-flame to a blood-stained goddess.

  Queer sounds seemed to come from
rocks and water, swamp and marsh-land.
Perhaps it was only the splash of a wild
duck, the swish of the swaying reeds, or
the groaning of a white birch before a
gust of gale-driven sea-mist. As silently
as ever, the girl prepared for rest and
went within her lean-to, dropping the
bark curtain before it.

  Phil, glancing about uneasily, took out
his revolver, snapped it open, poured out
the cartridges, and tested it. Hugh, for
want of something better to do, removed
its mate from the holster slung under his
arm. The firelight licked them greedily,
handsome weapons of blue steel, a mono-
gram sprawled on the butt of each.
THE HIDDEN HATE.

719

  When Phil, without a word of good
night, went within the lean-to they
shared with Selfridge, Hugh was still
polishing the revolver with a handker-
chief and seeing pictures in the fire—red
pictures.

  Presently the weapon dropped from
his lingers to the warm sand and he let
it lay, hardly knowing it was-there. The
girl, wondering at the silence, saw him as
she peeped out, sitting bolt upright and
staring, staring, yet seeing nothing.

   Somehow, it seemed that the night was
too quiet.

   A faint trdmble assailed the darkness.
A feather of gray spread itself upon the
cap of night.

  A great castle with turrets of pearl
thrust itself above the mountain of mist,
and in the fresh dawn the geese dived
into the marsh-pools and gemmed the
moss with the splashing drops.

  Phil awoke and, as had been his cus-
tom for years, reached out a hand to
awaken Hugh. But Hugh was not there.

  He struck a match and lit a candle.
Hugh’s bed of pine-boughs lay un-
touched, the blankets spread above it.
Phil put out liis head and looked at the
new^born day with its pearls of salt spray
on the bushes and the pink radiance
above the swamp. The fire burned on the
beach a pale amber, almost unobscured
and unnoticeable in the stronger light of
dawn.

   And close to its embers Hugh slept.

  The fact smote Phil with a sense of
injustice. He came out of the lean-to,
and stood watching the sleeping man’s
face. Hugh was not enwrapped in peace-
ful slumber; a scowl on his features, ta-
ken in conjunction with a smear of
charred wood just above his right cheek-
bone, gave his face a sinister appearance.
The scowl was duplicated on Phil’s face
as he turned away.

   It occurred to him now that Selfridge
had not returned from his nocturnal
search. The canoe was not on the shelv-
ing beach; his bed of pine-boughs also
was untouched. Undoubtedly, he had
found the treasure, then, and could not
bear to leave it.

  Phil set about chopping wood for a
fresh fire, opening cans of condensed
food, and preparing the coffee. Still

Hugh and Donna slept. He stripped off
his clothes and got into his bathing-
trunks and jersey, plunging into the surf
and swimming far out beyond the break-
ers. The battle with the waves set him
all atingle, and when he returned he
found that Donna was moving about the
fire and Hugh was talking earnestly with
her.

  Changing his wet clothes, he joined
the breakfast circle, which was as moody
"as that of the last supper, and, with it
over, observed curtly that it seemed to
him that the absence of old Self ridge
wanted looking into.

   “ Oh, let him alone,” said Hugh care-
lessly. as be went into the lean-to to
change into his bathing - suit. “He
knows where the camp is, and it’s up to
him to find it.”

  “ You go,” was Donna’s remark. “ I’m
too busy with these things. I’d put on
my wading-boots, though. He says there
isn’t any path into the swamp.”

   Phil buckled on the high boots, felt for
his revolver, and went off, while Hugh
advanced gingerly toward the sea. Don-
na was singing a little Spanish song.

  No or.e seemed worried about the old
man but Phil. And why he should be
worried he did not know.

  But all during the night the ruby
necklace had possessed him, filled his
dreams, brought him half a dozen times
to the scream of waking. A premonition,
heavy, lead-colored, depressing, hung
over him. The swamp was suddenly a
thing of evil and mystery.

  Donna had been right about the path.
As he drew away from the camp, the moss
began to disappear and the soil squirted
up in little jets under his feet. A little
ahead he saw tiny water-holes. He ad-
vanced to the creek-bed, where the water
came up to his hips, and waded on past
the curve and out of sight of the camp.

   Here the inlet became very narrow and
much deeper. The water rose over his
hips and soaked him above the waist. He
was about to draw back when he saw,
caught among the roots of a great weep-
ing-willow tree, the canoe. He advanced.

  The water got no deeper, but the bed
sank beneath him. He managed to reach
for one of the' roots and drew himself
forward, his chin coming just over the
gunwale of the canvas boat.
720

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

  He started, screamed like a woman,
and caught the gunwale, capsizing the
canoe.

  He seemed to have lost the power of
movement as he sank below the surface
of the water, blinded, helpless. He came
to the surface, striking out, but not to
save his life, only to push away from him
something that was horrible, something
that threatened him with an unclean ter-
ror.

  Again he sank.

  In his terror he had forgotten that the
water was not above his head, and the
fear of death threw out the mental dread.
He struck out furiously now, his lungs
stifled as he fought for existence in four
feet of water, till the kindly current
caught him and swept him to shore, just
below the bend of the creek and upon
firm soil again, where he lay unconscious.

  And that same current bore another
body ahead of him—the body of an old
man.

  But him it did not leave unconscious,
nor so far from the camp. Indeed, it
washed it to the feet of Donna, who was
bending over the breakfast dishes.

  And she stood back, looking at it, when
Hugh came from the sea, dashing the
spray from his eyes.

   He follpwed the girl’s gaze.

  There was a red spot 011 old Self-
ridge’s head and a red necklace clasped
in his stiffened fingers.

CHAPTER V.

THE MURDERER’S WEAPON.

  To look upon the body of a man
foully murdered is to see oneself struck
down by a treacherous hand.

  I'he man who. speaks callously of
murder has never witnessed one. The
call for vengeance the sight evokes is
not love for the dead man, but the in-
stinct of animal self-preservation.

  If Selfridge had been murdered, then
so would he, Hugh Coates, be mur-
dered.

  “ The treasure,” said Hugh sud-
denly.

  The girl shook her head, pointing to
the necklace.

  “ You see,” she said simply, “ there
was something in it, after all.”

  Hugli shook his head and pointed in
turn to the red spot on the old man’s
right temple.

  “ Ghosts don’t use revolvers,” he said.
“ The man who did this knew the story.
He killed him for the treasure. He
hasn’t had time to remove it yet. He’s
in that swamp now, and I’m going to
find him.”

  He started toward the canoe, but
changed his mind.

  “ He can spot me in that. It takes
a good man to hit another one who is
swimming.”

  And, with palms together, he shot
into the water and swam up Goose In-
let. He had not far to go before the
body of Phil on the sands brought him
back to shore, and he bent over his
chum.

  Reassured by the beat of his heart,
and afraid to linger longer lest his
quarry escape, Hugh swam on up the
creek until he was breasting the swift
current that came out of the black
swamp, brushing his cheeks against the
rushes.

  The air was that of stormy twilight,
and very chill.

  Smooth green trunks, old with the
moisture of ages, rose pillar-like about
the stream, girdled by thickets of canes
and tall reeds; great boughs stretched
out to protect the inky mirror from the
sun, boughs from which long tendrils
hung, swaying in the cold breath of
the swamp.

  Dim white flowers starred the dark-
ness, clinging to boughs‘and trunks, and
the creeping vines seemed like ghostly
hands reached out to prevent the hardy
swimmer from penetrating the secret
they had shielded so long.

  'i'he stillness was such that Hugh
seemed to hear the very breath of si-
lence.

  He had been swimming for some
time before he saw a light burning
ahead of him — a single, lonely light,
that flowered the blackness round about
with yellow blooms.

  Softly he swam, circling the islet,
keeping outside the zone of the lantern’s
rays. But he heard 110 voice, no sound.

  Emboldened, he came to land, and his
naked feet sank into the soft, marshy
earth. Still the silence was unbroken.
THE HIDDEN HATE.

721

  Hugh stood stock-still, almost afraid
to draw his breath. What if, after all,
the ruby necklace was— But, no!—
that was all very' well before the man
died. But now!

  Still, it was not hard to believe, un-
der that cathedral dome of darkness,
standing beside that inky mirror that
ran so swiftly, yet seemed as still as
the grave. Even the birds and wild
fowl that dwelt within the swamp shad-
ows by night would have none of its un-
natural dark by day. It was a thing
accursed, set apart — the house of the
dead.

  He came forward, step by step, until
he had picked up the lantern. And now
a faint halloo from afar turned him
sick with fear. Looking quickly about
in the lantern’s rays, he seemed to see a
newly dug grave. The lantern dropped
from his fingers. He fell to his knees.

  But as he fell, he saw the light shine
upon golden coin, and knew that what
he had taken for a grave was the dis-
covered hiding - place of the treasure
that had once belonged to a Selfridge.

  He reached over, picked up the lan-
tern again, and thrust his free hand
deep into the hole, letting it play about
to the tune of chinking gold.

  Now the halloo came again, long, re-
peated. It was the voice of Phil.

  “Hal-loo!” called back Hugh.
“ Halloo—halloo ! ”

  “All right?” sung out the voice
again.

   “ All right.”

  H.e heard the plashing of the canoe-
paddle, and stepped to the shore of the
islet, the lantern in his hand. And like
a gray ghost the light boat shot out of
the blackness.

  “No one here?” asked Phil as he
dragged Donna over the marsh.

  “No one,” answered Hugh. “The
lantern was still burning. The treasure’s
dug up.”

  He led them to the place he had taken
for a grave, and where the lantern-light
now fell upon rows of rotten canvas
bags, belching forth their precious con-
tents into the great oaken chest in which
they lay.

  “ The necklace must have been on
top,” said Donna, catching a hand of
each.

    10	S

  “Bah!” said Phil Bpmis. His tone
was strangely harsh. “ What we want to
look for is the imprint of boot-heels.
There were two men 011 this island last
night. One of them killed the other.
He’ll have left his mark.”

  He took the lantern from Hugh’s
hand, and with it circled the tiny islet.
Donna drew closer to Hugh.

  “ You’re cold,” she said. “ Get into
the canoe and go back to the camp and
change into some warm things.”

  “The body?” interrogated Hugh,
turning to Donna.

  “It floated out to sea,” she replied,
shuddering a little. “ A wave caught it.
And I was afraid to touch the necklace.
Did I do wrong in letting it go? It
and that terrible necklace? I—I was
afraid.! ”

  Hugh put his arm about her. .

  “ Poor little thing! ” he said, and
stood so when Phil flashed the light
again upon them.

  “ Find anything, Phil?”

  Bemis scowled and shook his head.

  “ Did you know,” _he asked slowly,
“ that I found the body? ”

  “You found it?” interrogated Hugh
in surprise. “You found it? Why,
Donna and I—”

  “ I know,” replied Phil. “ I was
wading up the creek. I—it scared me.
I overturned the canoe. That’s the worst
of it. There might have been some evi-
dence in it, and now it’s in the bottom of
the creek.”

  He paused and set down the lantern
on the ground.

  “ Go back to the camp and change
your clothes,” said Donna imperatively,
catching Hugh’s hand. “ And bring
back your revolver with you. Mr. Be-
mis’s cartridges are wet. His” (it was
evident that1 she spoke of Selfridge) “ we
can’t find at all. Hurry now! ”

  “ Yes,” said Phil; “ and meanwhile
we’ll have some of this stuff piled up
for you to take back. I want to get
away from this place. Oh, no!—not the
island—the whole infernal business. I
—oh, go ahead, will you?”

  He unloosened Donna’s hand from
Hugh’s and pushed-him toward the ca-
noe. Hugh picked up the paddle, noting
that it was an extra one that they had
kept in camp, and pushed off. Phil knelt
722

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

down and lifted one of the money-bags
—the gold pieces poured out of it.

  “ Say,” he yelled after Hugh, “ bring
all those sacks of burlap, will you?
These bags are no good.”

  “ All right,” sang out Hugh from
down the creek.

   Donna settled herself within the circle
of light, head between her palms, staring
at Phil as he lifted sack after sack, only
to have it burst in his hands. An in-
cautious movement of hers overturned
the lantern for a moment, and he rushed
to its rescue before the flame went out.

  “ Oh, Phil, I’m awfully sorry! ” she
said.

  It was the first time she had called
him Phil. A great wave of tenderness
overcame him at the thought of this lit-
tle girl so utterly alone and unprotected
in the world; and he would have caught
her in his arms had not a certain in-
stinctive feeling told him that she was as
much in need of protection from him as
from any one else.

  And here, on the islet alone with her,
he was her guardian.

  So with no word he went back to his
unprofitable task of lifting the _rotten
bags. Another burst; and as he reached
for yet another, his hand closed on some-
thing larger than a gold piece, and he
drew it out—a revolver of blue steel, its
butt monogrammed.

  He stared at it as one would an asp
upon the breast of a loved one. For the
moment he believed himself the victim
of an hallucination. With dry lips and
parched tongue, he stared, his mouth
open, his eyes dilated.

   It couldn’t be true !

  He turned his head as mechanically
as though he were an automaton. Don-
na was sunk in deep meditation, seeing
nothing.

  With a quick movement, he threw the
revolver open. One cartridge had been
used.

  The revolver dropped into the pocket
of his wet coat. He, too, caught his
head between his palms.

  And so the two sat in the light of
the lantern, under the cathedral dome
of gloom, in the twilight of the silent
swamp. Before them lay wealth so
great that their minds were incapable of
grasping its significance—louis and doub-

loons, sovereigns and eagles, reals and
Napoleons — below them other chests
with great ingots of gold and silver;
hidden between them, bags containing
precious stones.

 Yet neither seemed to heed; both were
 as silent as the swamp itself, the spell of
 devil’s magic upon them. And so Hugh
 found them when he sprang ashore again
 in his corduroys and boots.

 He threw some sacking at Phil’s feet.

 “ Well, come 011, old fellow,” he said.

 “ We’d better be getting some of this
 stuff down to the camp. You and I’ll
 have to make a lot of trips, though.
 That canoe won’t hold a lot besides one •
 person.”

 “ You didn’t find your revolver, did
 you?” asked Phil, turning slowly.

 “ No. I’m blessed if I know what hap-
 pened to it. I had it in my hand when
 I went to sleep last night.”

 “ I should think,” said Phil still very
 slowly, “ that the loss of it would worry
 you a good deal, with a murderer about
 who’s liable to put a bullet into any one
 or all of us at any minute.”

 “ It does worry me,” replied Hugh;

 “ I wanted especially to tell you to dry
 out your gun. I brought some fresh
 cartridges for you.”

 He exhibited a handful to Phil.

 “ You’re sort of careless of your own
 weapons, aren’t you?” Phil returned.

 He took the revolver he had found
 from his coat-pocket and handed it si-
 lently to Hugh.

 “ I took yours by mistake,” he said.

 “ There it is.”

 “ Oh, thanks ! ” said Hugh.

 Phil was in the light, Hugh in semi-
 darkness. The latter leaned forward and
 looked at his weapon.

 “ It’s damp,!’ he said.

 “ I’ve had it in my pocket.”

 Hugh snapped it open just as Phil had
 done, and the cartridges fell into his
 hand.

 “ Why,” he said suddenly, “ why—
 why, one’s missing.”

 “ Yes,” replied Phil. “ One’s miss-
 ing.”

 Their eyes met. Phil was glaring at
 him. For a moment Hugh gaped open-
 mouthed. Then suddenly hate came into
 his eyes, too.	• .

 The girl seemed to awake.
THE HIDDEN HATE.

723

  “ I'm cold,” she said. “ I’m cold.
Won’t you take me back to the camp ? ”

CHAPTER VI.

THE TEST.

  The canoe sagged under its freight
when the second sack was added, and
Phil motioned Donna to enter, following
her and paddling oft'. Hugh was again
alone on the island.

  His friend! His pal! His chum!
A murderer and a coward! Phil had
discovered the body, Phil had stolen his
revolver so that it might be proven that
he, Hugh Coates, had committed the
crime, unless Hugh was willing to keep
his secret. And so he thought to marry
Donna and thus gain the treasure?

  He was willing to do murder for the
Stuff—willing to sacrifice that little girl
to gain the right to call the gold his own.

  Hugh jerked the revolver out of his
pocket.

  Yes, it was his own—his very own.
They had bought them at the same time
in a little gunshop on Kearney Street in
the days when they went down to San
Francisco, flushed with temporary suc-
cess. There was the monogram sprawled
over the butt.

  Donna had seen Phil hand it back to
him. If he, Hugh, accused Phil of the
murder, Phil might say he had found the
revolver anywhere he chose. He claimed
to have first seen the body of the mur-
dered man; it would be easy to say that
this revolver lay near the body.

  And he could pretend that only solici-
tude for his friend prevented him from
accusing him of the crime.

  He could ruin him with the one person
in all the world that his heart desired—
Donna! He could make Donna believe
that he, Hugh, was a murderer unless
Hugh gave tacit consent to his carrying
out his trick—unless Hugh kept silent
and made no attempt to win her.

  How careful Phil had been to give
him back that revolver while Donna lis-
tened! How deliberately he had stated
that it was he who first saw the body!
How devilishly he had insinuated that a
cartridge had been used !

  And he, Hugh — what alibi had he?
He had been seen late the night before

with the revolver in his hand. In the
morning he had forgotten all about it,
did not know what had happened to it
until Phil had handed it back. .

  He saw the hopeless sophistry of the
explanation. No, Phil had contrived it
well—had contrived it so well that if
Hugh accused him, he would not only be
able to pretend innocence, but also would
get a great deal of credit for attempting
to shield his friend. It w-ould make a
hero of him in Donna’s eyes—that miser-
able rat of a Phil!

  Murderer, thief, betrayer! Must he
stand aside and see him win the thing he
prized above all others?

  The minutes dragged like days. Fe-
verishly, Hugh set to work to fill the
other sacks that lay by the open hole, and
soon the canoe was back bearing only
Phil. Hugh loaded in four of the sacks,
and bade Phil continue the work while
he took his turn at the paddle. And
out of the swamp he went, and back to
the camp where Donna was oiling the
machinery of the motor-car.

  “ Oh,' isn’t that enough? Can’t you
go back and get Mr. Beniis and let us all
get away from here?”

  The girl’s tone was appealing. Hugh
looked dazedly at the motor-car, then at
her. A sudden suspicion smote him.

  “ Did Phil tell you to go to work on
that ? ” he asked abruptly. “ Did he sug-
gest it ? ”

  “ Why, yes,” she replied, opening her
eyes in wonder; “ he said to have it all
ready so that, when we had all die treas-
ure in it we can crowd in, we can get
away from here. Don’t you want to go,
too, Hugh ? ”

  He nodded.

  “ Yes, yes, yes,” he kept repeating.
“ Yes, yes, yes.”

  Overhead a sea-gull screamed a re-
quiem to the lonely body that floated on
the waste of waters — or, at least, the
bird’s melancholy cry so came to Hugh’s
ears.

  So treachery was to be piled on
treachery? On Phil’s last trip down he
would carry off the girl, the car, the treas-
ure, and leave his erstwhile friend on the
little islet where the other man had met
his death.

  “I’ll see,” said Hugh. “And lie’ll

    . Jf
724

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

  The girl noted him muttering, but said
nothing. As she turned away, he crossed
to the motor and removed the ignition-
plug.

  “ They can’t start without that,” he
thought as he put it in his pocket. “ And
I’ll have the satisfaction of knowing just
how much of a rat he can be.”

  He stepped back into the canoe,
though every impulse within him called
out to warn the girl and to beg her for
himself. Maybe she expected it, too, for
her eyes were wistful as she watched the
canoe round the bend and pass out of
sight again.

  She seemed very small to be lifting
those heavy sacks into the vehicle that
was to take them back to civilization.
But she did it with apparent ease. Not
for worlds would she have exposed that
strength of muscle to her companions.

  Nor was she frightened; though mur-
der had been done near by, she, in the
open, with all that treasure to guard and
every reason to believe the killer of
Selfridge lurked in the vicinity, did not
even turn her head in case the criminal
should be approaching.

  Something of this attitude came to
Hugh’s mind as he paddled back to the
islet. Poor little girl—her simple primi-
tive faith was touching! She really be-
lieved in the legend of the red necklace—
had such faith in the power of the curse
that no thought of a mortal hand oc-
curred to her. He doubted if she would
believe that he had committed the mur-
der, even if Phil accused him. She was
so young—so innocent!

  As the dark shadows of the swamp
encompassed him again, the devil of
hatred, begotten by love, possessed Hugh.
He had begun to see good in evil, justi-
fying his revengeful thoughts by excuses
which concerned her welfare.

  Was it right that he should even give
Phil the chance to convince her? Phil
was good-looking, and other women had
cared greatly for him. Donna was
young; knew little of men. It was ex-
ceedingly probable that she loved Phil,
and only waited for him to declare him-
self.

  In that case, she would believe implic-
itly all he said, and nothing that Hugh
could do would convince her of her
error.

  He remembered the revolver in his
pocket. Phil’s was wet. They would
be alone in the swamp. Wasn’t there an
old biblical saying to justify him—“ An
eye for an eye ” ? The law took such
offenders as Phil and hung them. Down
here there was no law, except that which
men made for themselves. Was it right
for him to let Phil go on his evil way?

  But when the canoe grounded on the
islet and he saw Phil bending over the
chest of gold, the revolver slipped back
into his pocket. No matter what justifi-
cation, he couldn’t shoot his old pal. A
thousand little incidents rushed back to
him—incidents of self-sacrifice and kind-
liness on the other’s part.

  There was that time in Death Valley
when the water gave out and Phil pre-
tended to have a full flask when Hugh
offered to share his last drink. And
Phil’s flask had been as empty as a gourd.

  He had tried to hide it, too, as the
hours passed, and perhaps Hugh would
never have known had he not taken Phil
at his word and believed the other to have
water which he was trying to keep for
himself. What a cur he had felt when
Phil turned his flask upside down, and
Hugh knew then that his chum had been
three hours longer without water than
himself.

  The picture was as vivid as any
thrown upon a dark curtain; and had
Phil’s attitude been in the least contrite
when Hugh joined him, the memory of
that incident might have impelled Hugh
to stretch out his hand and take his
chum’s, promising to stand by him to the
death, if he would be honest with him.

  For it was not the killing of Selfridge
that stood out black in Hugh’s mind. It
was the double-dealing. Had Phil com-
mitted a murder and rushed to Hugh for
protection, Hugh would have seen only
the boy lie knew, not a murderer; and,
even to the extent of incriminating him-
self, would have given the supplicant
sanctuary.

  But Phil’s eyes were as somber as be-
fore, and his voice was harsh when he
addressed Hugh.

  “ I’ve got all the gold out of the first
chest. There’s another one under it.
Bear a hand, will you ? ”

  Together they lifted forth the great
oaken box. An idea came to Hugh.
THE HIDDEN HATE.

725

   “ That’ll float,” he said. “ We can put
half a dozen of the bags in it and tow
it down-stream. Try it.”

   The chest rested lightly on the water.
They placed four burlap bags in positions
that would give it equilibrium. It sank
an inch below the water, and they added
other bags until the entire treasure re-
maining was stowed away. Still the
chest had a full two feet above the water-
line and held a steady position. Hugh
passed a light rope through one of the
brass handles, tying a sailor’s knot exact-
ly in the center of the handle and hard-
ening the knot by the application of
water.

  He would try Phil, would discover if
it was possible for him to be the traitor
he had imagined when he removed the
ignition-plug of the motor-car. It would
cost him only a swim to find out. Phil
couldn’t get the car away without that
Plug.

  “ You tow the thing down,” he said,
placing the lantern on top of the sacks
of coin. “ There’s not room for two in
the boat with that freight. But you’ve
got to be careful of the current. The
momentum of the chest’ll be greater than
that of the canoe. Maybe it would be
better to ballast it a bit.”

  They removed several of the sacks to
the canoe, and Phil climbed in without a
word. There was about forty feet of
thin rope in the canoe, one end of which
was attached to the chest, the other in
Phil’s hand. He knotted his end to an
iron ring set in the stern.

  “ Now,” said Hugh, pulling the chest
close to shore, “ you paddle ahead, and
I’ll hold the chest until the line comes
taut. When it does, I’ll let go, and you
paddle as hard as you can to keep ahead.
You’ve only got about an eighth of a
mile of swamp; and, once the chest gets
into the open, you can let her float any
way she wants to. The channel’s pretty
shallow; even if it sank, we wouldn’t have
much trouble. Ready?”

   “ Yes.”

  Hugh heard the dip of the paddle and
felt the rope slipping- thrfeugh his left
hand. The current strained at the chest;
and it was with some difficulty that his
other hand, clasped in the brass handle,
held the bulky oaken frame back.

   But soon, in the light of the lantern,

he saw the line lift itself out of the
water until it ran parallel to the surface.

He released his hold, and the light atop
its precious load floated away, its speed
increasing as it reached the center of the
current, until it was not long before it
had raced from sight.

  Now, they had all the gold the motor-
car would contain. Phil knew that for
Hugh to leave the islet, he must strip
himself of his clothes and swim. It
would not be difficult for him to remove
Hugh’s change of apparel from the camp.

It was twenty miles to the nearest railway
station, so they would have the start of
four or five hours.

   It couldn’t be planned better.

  Hugh walked back and sat beside the
hole in the ground. It was no longer
possible to distinguish anything, but it
seemed less lonesome there.

   So, alone in absolute darkness, he wait-
ed. He was on the safe side, the igni-
tion-plug in his pocket. He had noth-
ing to fear but a cold swim through the
swamp, with the disagreeable possibility
of meeting some reptile in the water.
But he was as filled with tearing uncer-
tainty as though he risked all.

  Would Phil do it?

  And would Donna permit him?

   He had a loi'ig time to think it over.
The canoe might have returned and made
the trip again and again, a score of times.
Still he waited. He was safe, and he
wanted to have the full measure of his
friend's perfidy.

 CHAPTER VII.

  ONLY ONE MAN LEAVES THIS PLACE.

  A STRANGELY warm gust of wind
tossed some multicolored leaves into
Donna’s face as she bent over to assis/
Phil with the last sack of gold coins.
She turned a troubled gaze to him.

  “ It looks like stormy weather,” she \
said. “ Hadn’t you better go back and
get Mr. Coates. He must be terribly
lonely up there, without even a light.
Please go. I’ve asked you a dozen
tintts.”

  A curious mental telegraph exists be-
tween two people who have shared the
same bed and board for many years.
Hugh had suspected Phil of desiring to
726

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

do a certain thing—the very thing, in
fact, which was then formulating in
Phil’s mind.

  When he had brought down Donna
with the first load of the treasure, he
had told her to take the boughs down
that sheltered the motor-car, so that the
treasure might be stowed away. The
sight of the crimson vehicle had, how-
ever, started a new train of thought in
his mind.

   Since he had found the revolver, no
doubt existed in Phil’s mind that Hugh
was guilty of the crime. And he rea-
soned just as his friend had done—that
Donna was a secondary consideration to
the treasure where Hugh was concerned.
Vengeance upon a friend was out of
the question. He, Philip Bemis, would
never be a witness against him. But to
assist him in his conspiracy to marry the
girl was not to be thought of.

. Nor did he ever wish to look upon
Hugh's face again.

   Under normal circumstances, neither
would have believed the other guilty of
the crime; and, 110 matter how strong
the evidence, each would have gone
frankly to the other, demanded his word
as to his guilt or innocence, and stood
by him in either case.

   But the girl was there, and the in-
evitable triangle separated them from
one another as it brought each near to
the apex—herself.

  Phil was honorable enough. He
knew that to tell the girl of his love
while she was alone with him, to ex-
plain Hugh’s guilt, and ask her to come
under his own protection, would be like
offering a home to a friendless child.
So, now that Hugh was safely on the
island, he racked his brain for some ex-
cuse by which both he and Donna could
take the motor-car away, yet speak no
word against Hugh.

  The reason he evolved was a flimsy
one, and he knew it. But it was the
best he could think of, and it would
have to do.

   He lifted his somber eyes to Donna,
but averted them as he spoke the lie.

   “ Hugh isn’t on the islet,” he said.
“ We’ve got a clue as to who committed
the crime. He’s following it out. He
told me he wanted us to get away from
here as quick as we could. To take the

   motor-car and get away. He’ll meet us
in Philadelphia.”

  He rose to his feet and held out his
hand.

  “ Get your things into the car—those
you really need, of course. Leave the
rest here. You won’t need any of them
now you’re rich ! ”

  “ You mean, go away and leave Hugh
—Mr. Coates?”

  “ Why, of course," Phil replied im-
patiently. “ He wants us to. He’s
afraid the man who killed Mr. Selfridge
will be down on the camp any minute
with a pack of ruffians, and he doesn't
want you to take chances.”

  “ Oh, I’m not afraid,” she said slow-
ly, adding: “Not with you here,
that is.”

  He turned eyes upon her that flamed
the words he would not say. She met
their gaze steadily, and patted his
hands.

  “ I’m not afraid. You’ll protect me,
won’t you?”

  But the onlooker would have said,
comparing the notes in the voices of
each, that it was the boy with the blond
hair that needed protection far more
than this self-possessed little maiden
with the wind-blown locks and the eyes
that forever went back to the look of
'tragedy.

   “ Yes, of course I’ll protect you,” he
rejoined, covering her rough little hands
with his. “You know I’ll protect you.”
“ Then we’ll stay until Hugh finds
out. I’m not in any hurry to go. I’m
happy here—quite happy. And besides,
it looks like a storm is coming up. I’d
rather be in this quiet little cove than
in a car where the lightning is liable to
strike one. Let’s cover it up again;
shall we, Phil? And then try to find
Hugh and bring him back here.”
“No,” said Phil stubbornly. “No.
Hugh and I have made our arrange-
ments. He’s not coming back here.
He’ll meet us in Philadelphia, I tell
you. I’ve given him an address where
he can find us. What’s the use of wait-
ing? Come on, won’t you, Donna?”
She shook her head.

“Not now,” she said. “Wait until
this storm blows over. I’m sorry
Hugh’s going to be out in it. Don’t
you think you could find him, if you
THE HIDDEN HATE.

727

tried? Don’t you remember what di-
rection lie took? I think it was very
unkind of him to go without saying
good-by to me.”

  “ It wasn’t a clue that would wait,”
returned Phil sullenly. “ It had to be
followed up then and there. It was im-
portant and — er — had to be followed.
You understand? ”

  “No, I don’t,” was Donna’s practical
reply, “ because you haven’t told me
what the clue was. I’m interested. He
was my stepfather. Tell.me!"

  Phil turned away, his mouth forming
aimless and profane words. He lacked
experience in lying—did not know just
how to begin when he had no men-
dacity ready to his tongue. The girl
followed his movements with the eyes
of perception.

  “ I don’t just exactly know what is
the matter with you, Mr. Bemis,” she
said in a curious voice.

  It sounded so strange that he
wheeled and looked at her, but her eyes
were shaded by her lashes, and he got
no information there. Her attitude
brought to his mind the saying that a
man must be masterful with women.
The saying was right enough, but Phil
had forgotten that it applied only to the
women who chanced to be in love with
the masterful men.

  Masterfulness is well enough to hold
a woman once she was in love, but no
man ever won one by masterfulness un-
aided by personal attraction.

  “ Now, I don’t want to quarrel with
you, Donna,” he said as quietly as he
could; “ but we’re going to leave this
place in just about fifteen minutes, you
and I. So, if there’s anything in the
camp that you’d like to take along,
you’d better stow it away—because we’re
sure going.”

  She made no response, but walked a
little way toward the beach and sat
down, looking at the sheets of white
foam that rose over the sea-wall.

  A few puffs of warm wind had come,
presaging a storm from the south, and
the wind blew across the gray moorland,
bending the grasses as it riffled the
waves, even the stout birches bending
before it.

  Here and there little spiral twists of
the gale blew the fallen leaves into con-

  centric circles, then whirled them high
in air. The breeze was sultry and chill
by turns. Offshore, a steamer’s smoke
trailed behind it, parallel with the roar-
ing water. But to the sheltered cove
came no breath of the rapidly approach-
ing tempest.

  Phil followed her to where she sat.

  “ Did you hear what I said, Donna?”

  She did not seem to hear him. She
was watching the rapid home-coming of
the gulls and the geese, the former dis-
appearing in the crannies of the rocks
overhead, conveying the news of na-
ture’s fury in unmusical squawks to their
broods of young ones who had not ven-
tured forth, the larger birds sinking to
shelter in the dark splotch where Hugh
sat waiting beside the place that looked
like a newly dug grave.

  “ I ask you, Donna, did you hear
what 1 said?”

  Still she pretended not to hear him,
and perhaps she did not. Her eyes
had the appearance of one who meditates
deeply on momentous matters.

  Never before had Phil appeared to
such poor advantage as now, when he
stood in an attitude intended to be
threatening, but which, in view of the
unmoved girl, was futile in the extreme,
having as it did the appearance of a
small boy endeavoring to bully a sister
older and wiser than himself.

  Perhaps he realized something of this
sort, for he bent over, caught her by the
shoulder, and spoke hoarsely in her ear.

  “ Maybe the wind’s blowing too much
for you to understand me. But I said
we were going to leave here in fifteen
minutes, and I meant it. Do you under-
stand? ”

  She remained silent, and he walked
over to where the motor stood, busying
himself with preparing it for the start.
She had not changed her position when
he returned, attired in his motor - coat
and carrying hers over his arm.

  “ Put this on,” he said, his tone
harsh.

  She rose and regarded him distantly.
Somehow, it did not seem that the’ dic-
tatorial manner was a success with this
girl. She no longer seemed the child-
ish little one in need of protection.

  Instead, she had the air of one in-
finitely able to take care of herself, and
728

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

preferring much to do so. But he had
begun the treatment, and his pride,
which he took for firmness, compelled
him to continue it.

  “ The motor’s all ready,” he said.
“ And we’re going. So put - this on.”
He handed her the coat. “ I’ll throw
the hood over, in case it rains; but it's
liable to be chilly, and we’ve got a long
way to go to get to Baltimore."

  “ I’m not going,” she said simply. “ I
thought I told you that. I’m going to
wait here until Hugh gets back.”

  “ Are you in love with that scoundrel
of a Hugh?” he burst out, pinioning
her hands. "Are you—are you?”
Again she spoke in the curious tone
she had used before, a peculiar glitter
in her eyes which hardened them and
robbed her face of the expression of
youth.

  “ I had quite enough of that once,”
she said as she removed her hands from
his grasp with an ease that astonished
him. “No man is ever going to threaten,
bully, or misuse me again. Don’t you
try it—for your own sake, don’t! ”

  It was the tone one uses to a child.
Phil’s face flamed with fury, and he
caught her hands again, this time hold-
ing them in a grip she could not break
unless she did herself an injury. But
her eyes regarded him just as steadfast-
ly as before.

  “ I’ve warned you not to do that,” she
said; “ and I sha’n’t warn you again.
Believe me, I sha’n’t! ”

  His gesture was despairing as he re-
leased her, and his hand was very gen-
tle when it rested 011 her shoulder.

  “ Oh, Donna,” he cried, “ I’m doing
it for your own good—honestly I am.
It isn’t for myself. It's for you. Don’t
think of Hugh. He isn’t worth think-
ing of.

  “ He was my friend, and I thought I
knew him. But I didn’t, 1 didn’t. He
isn’t the right sort. You’ll find that
out. He’ll make your life a hell for
you. I can’t tell you why, but I know,
I know. Won’t you believe me?”

  Her face was soft again; it held
something like maternal tenderness. She
did not want to hurt him.

  “ Phil,” she said, “ you’re an awfully
nice fellow. I like you very much.
But you shouldn’t talk that way about

Hugh. I don’t think he'd go back on
you. You don’t find a friend very often.
He's your true friend. You ought al-
ways to think of him that way.

  “ And you haven’t deceived me about
the clue he’s discovered and is going to
follow up, and, afterward, is going to
meet us in Philadelphia. Hugh’s up in
the swamp. He can’t get back unless
he swims. Get into the canoe and fetch
him. Then we’ll all start away together,
if you like. Won’t you?”

  “ I can’t! ” he almost shouted. “ I
can't! It's on account of you. Won't
you take my word for it. Donna—
please! ”

  She shook her head.

  “ I can’t believe anything wrong
about Hugh. And I won't leave him
up there. Go and get him, and then
say what you like.”

  “ I will,” the boy suddenly ex-
claimed. “ I will, on one condition.
That you’ll promise to marry me. I
love you, Donna; love you with all my
heart and soul. I love you so much
I’ve been miserable ever since I’ve seen
you, because I was afraid you mightn’t
ever care for me.

  “ I was wrong to speak to you the
way I did, and I guess it was rotten of
me to knock Hugh. But—well, if you
cared for him, I’d kill him rather than
see him have you. Yes, I might even
kill you, too.”

  The eyes of tragedy seemed to grow
very, very old.

  “ You wouldn’t kill anybody, Phil.
You couldn’t. Don’t say you would. It
isn’t a thing to be proud of. Thank
Heaven, you haven’t something in your
heart that burns and burns, and can
only be put out with human blood. Be
proud you have a nature like that—a
nature that couldn't do anything that
was mean and treachero.us and sneaky.

  “ You’re not yourself when you talk
the way you do now. You’re not your-
self ; and, Heaven pity me, I’ve made
you the way you are. Let me undo the
work; let me get down on my knees
to you and plead never to take the life
of another, no matter what reason you
may have to hate. You’ve done some-
thing then that only the Creator can
make right. You cannot atone.

  “I’m sorry it’s this way between Hugh
THE HIDDEN HATE.

729

and yourself. You loved one another;
you were so brave, so honest, so true.
I—well, no matter— Go get Hugh,
Phil, and come back. I’ll forget what
you’ve said. He friends again, won’t
you? ”

  She was kneeling as she stretched up
her hands to him. He drew her up in
a sudden passionate embrace.

  “ Donna, you’re so good, so far be-
yond a fellow like me. But I love you.
Say, anyhow, that you don’t care for
any one else. Give me a chance to win
you. I’ll go back and get Hugh; I’ll
even be friends with him, if you say so.

  “ But, first, tell me you don’t love
him. Tell me you never could, never
would, love him. Tell me he hasn’t got
a chance to win you. For, if I thought
he had, by Heaven! I’d leave him in
that swamp to rot till judgment day!”

  “ No, no—no! ”

  The girl screamed the words as she
caught Phil and suddenly whirled him
about, her nails deep in the flesh of his
wrists.

  “ Let me go. I mean it. Let me

go! ”

   “ Yes, let her go! ” said another voice.

  He jerked himself free and faced a
man dripping with mud and slime, his
wet hair across his forehead, face
scratched and bleeding, and jaw set
ominously.

  For the moment he did not recognize
Hugh. Then his hand went into his
pocket, and the revolver came out.

  “It’s not wet now,” he said; “and
it’s got dry cartridges in it. Get back
in the water where you belong, you rat,
or I'll kill you!”

  Hugh lifted a hand and brushed the
hair from hjs eyes, which, seeming to
take Phil little into consideration, wan-
dered from the ready motor-car to the
coat that Phil wore and the other that
he carried over his arm.

  “ You might have brought me back
to say good-by,” lie remarked casually,
but his tone was that quiet, slow one
that Phil had heard before, when, in
Tonopah, the two of them had played
against a “brace” game and Hugh, dis-
covering it, had demanded their money
back. It was an old gambler he had
spoken to then; and, though there was
no fear in him, he knew the sort of a

man who never drew a revolver except
to shoot. The money had been re-
turned.

   Phil’s finger trembled on the trigger,
and he lowered the weapon.

  “ We’re going away—Donna and I,”
he said, 'trying to copy Hugh’s tone.
“We’re going away. Understand?”

  “ I understand. Why don’t you go? ”
lie kept his eyes steadily on his old
friend. Phil could not meet their low-
ering gaze. He turned to Donna.

  “ Get into the car,” he said. “ I
mean it. Get into the car. That’s
about the only way you’ll save his life.
I didn’t want to kill him, but he had to
come back, and now he hasn’t a chance
unless you do what I say. Get into the
car.”

  “ Yes; get into the car, Donna,” ad-
vised Hugh. “ Don’t you see that’s the
only way you’ll save my life. Do what
he says.”

  She looked at him in wonderment for
a moment, then crossed and gave him
her hand. _

  “ Good-by, Hugh. I’m sorry.”

  “ Good-by."

  He turned to Phil.

  “ If by any chance you should want
to see me in the next few minutes—be-
fore you go, of course—why, you’ll find
me up there on the moor. So long.”
As one who is no longer interested,
he climbed the declivity leading out of
the cove, and made his way across the
gray waste. For some time he kept up
a rapid pace; then, reaching a flat stone,
he sat down and surveyed the angry,
rolling sea and the black masses of
clouds that were piling up overhead.

  The wind had begun a persistent
howling; the surf was booming in his
ears. A sailing-ship showed stark spars
as it was tossed high, then sank until
only the tip of its mainmast could be
seen from shore.

  The uproar was such that he did not
hear Phil, even when the latter shouted
at him. But he looked up as the wind
brought a whiff of gasoline to his nos-
trils and saw his friend standing there,
face white, fingers twitching.

  “ I thought maybe you’d want to see
me again before you went. I thought
you couldn’t go like that. Now that
you’re here, what do you want ? ”
730

THE ALI.-STORY MAGAZINE.

  “ You know what I want,” was Phil’s
response as he stepped back, holding
the leveled,revolver close to his waist-
line. “ Come across with it.”

  “ 1 sec,” said Hugh suavely. “ I’m to
give you the means of running off with
the treasure and the girl, am I? Well,
now, where do I come in? You don’,t
seem to have figured on me wanting any-
thing. That’s inconsiderate. Where do
1 come in?”

  “ There's as much treasure left as
we’ve taken,” answered Phil. “ That’s
yours. It’s not my business how you
get it away, Hide it somewhere else,
and come back and dig it up again. 1
sha’n’t bother you. But give me that
ignition-plug, and be quick about it, or
you won’t do any bothering about treas-
ure or anything else.”

  Hugh pointed to the flat stone.

  “See that? Well, put your revolver
there. I’ll put the plug beside it. Then
we’ll have a talk. This world isn’t big
enough for both of us. One’s going to
go across. That’ll be the one that wins.
We’re pretty evenly matched. Agreed?”
“Suits me! Ready?”

  Both crossed to the stone; both made
a long arm and placed something there;
both moved away. Phil tossed off his
motor-coat. Hugh watched him intently.

  “ Now, I’ve got a lot to say to you.
You listen to me, and then I’ll listen to
you. I want the truth, you understand,
even if I have to choke it out with my
hands. You needn’t be afraid of tell-
ing me, because only one of us is going
to leave this place.”

CHAPTER VIII.

THE FIGHT OX THE CLIFF.

  Ttiev were two men alone with a
wind-swept sky and a stormy sea, a part
of nature in its turbulent mood.

  They stood close to one another, almost
shouting, for the roar of the surf and
the howl of the wind gave the normal
tone but little chance to be heard.

  “ I want you to understand my posi-
tion, Phil. You've been my friend—a
good friend—a stanch friend. No mat-
ter what happened. I’d ’a’ swore that
you’d been there waiting to do the right
thing.

  “ I’ve heard a lot about moncy-lust,
but I didn’t think you were the kind to
fall for it. But you have. You’re all
the things a man oughtn’t to be.

  “ Understand, I’m on to you. You
might as well make a clean breast of it
before we find out which is the better
man. But even now I’m willing to give
you a chance. Stay here in this place,
and let me take Donna away. That’s my
last word.”

  “That all you got to say?”

   “ That’s all.”

  “ All right, then; now, you listen to
me.”

  He paused, gathering breathy for tlio
long sheets of pale-green water were
bursting over the sea-wall into mountains
of foam and with the crash of heavy ar-
tillery.

  “ You say you’re on to me. Well, if
you’re talking about my leaving you on
the island, all right. It might have been
a shine trick if you'd been on the square
with me—but you weren’t. I found your
revolver in that treasure-chest.

  “ Heaven knows you- must ’a’ been
crazy to have left it there. But I found
it, all right. Now, some people would
have run straight to somebody else and
told*’em about it. But I didn’t. And I
haven’t yet. Donna doesn’t know you
killed Selfridge, and I didn’t have any
idea of telling her.

  “ I just, handed back your gun to you
to let you know I was on. That looks
like a pretty good friend, doesn’t it?
And I was going to leave you here with
the rest of the coin, wasn’t I ? Do you
think I would have split to the police
about it? Not me. I’ve been on the level
with you, Hugh Coates, and I don’t want
you to fight until you know I’ve been—
too.”

  Hugh stared at him, seemingly trying
to read his mind; then he threw back his
head and laughed more harshly than the
sea-birds screamed—laughed long and
laughed loud.

  “ I’d thought that’s what you had
planned out in your mind,” he said pres-
ently, an evil sneer on his face. “ I about
sized you and your scheme up. You
pup! ”

  “Scheme—what d’you mean? You
won't have the face to say you didn't
kill Selfridge. Why, I’ve got it on you!
THE HIDDEN HATE

731

               I found your revolver there on the islet.
               You didn’t sleep in your bod last night.
               Why, you—”

                “ Lord—what an actor you are ! ”
Hugh stepped back and viewed him,
aghast. Was it possible to have lived
with a man all the years that he had
l	lived with Hugh to find him, in one illu-

               minating instant, the greatest scoundrel
               in the world?

                “ Actor! What are you talking about?
              You don’t dare to say you didn't kill
              Selfridge. I tell you, I’ve got it on you,
              ten ways from the jack. I thought you
              were going to be on the square—”

               Hugh’s laugh was more like a growl
             now.

               “Do you think you’ve fooled me for
             a minute? ”

                He advanced toward Phil with clenched
              fists.

               “ Let me tell you something. From
             the minute you handed me that gun, I
             knew what you were going to do. I can
             see what you did last night as plainly as
             if I did it myself.”

               “ Ha—that’s good ! Guess you can.”
Phil’s angry, sneering face was close to
his. Hugh caught him by the chin and
held his head in that position.

                “ I don’t think you started out with
              that intention. But when you saw my
              gun where it was, you thought that
              would stand for your acquittal. Oh, I
              see you! And now let me tell you some-
              thing else. Selfridge wasn’t killed on
              the islet. He was killed right down
              here by the camp-fire.

                “ He came back with the necklace in
              his pocket, and he was showing it to you,
              or I guess he was holding it up to the
              fire when you hit him across the head
              with the canoe paddle. 1 noticed the
              paddle when I came back the last time—
              the time I took this ignition-plug. There
              were two canoe paddles. He used the
              one with the blue streak when he went
              away last night, and that’s that paddle
              ^	that lies under the motor-car right now,

               while the red one is the one that floated
               down with the canoe. You see, you for-
               got that, Phil Bemis.”

                 “ So that's how it was done,” breathed
               Phil. “ That’s how it was done! ”

                “ Then you saw he was dead, and you
              lost your nerve. You wanted it to look
              as if somebody else had done it. So you

carted his body into the canoe and rowed
him up to the island and left the lantern
and my revolver there. Then you came
back and left the canoe in the bushes.
Are you going to confess ? ”

  “ Confess? When you’ve just told me
how you did it? Are you insane? Come;
1 won’t kill you. 1 see how it is. You’ve
gone mad. Mad! Good-by!”

  Phil sprang toward the stone where the
revolver lay, but Hugh was on his back
before he had taken two steps.

  “ So you can't even be square at the
-last deal. Well, it’s your finish. I’ve
got the back-hold, and you needn’t yell
for mcrcy when I get you down.”

  H is fingers gripped Phil’s neck.
Phil, gurgling, fell back on him, his
right hand groping for a sheath-knife in
his pocket. Hugh knew the pocket and
knew the knife, a present to Phil on his
birthday, and—the sardonic humor of it
—from him!

  He loosed a hand about Phil’s neck
and, reaching down, caught the groping
fingers which had found the weapon.
Phil’s other hand had caught Hugh’s
throat now, and Hugh with a beast-like
howl forced the hand holding the knife
back, and farther back, until the fingers
loosened their hold on it and it fell to
the ground. But in the same moment
the fist doubled and the arm flew for-
ward. breaking its skin against Hugh’s
teeth.

  Then, with blood upon them, they
rolled to the ground, fighting and claw-
ing like two panthers.

  Each man had released the other’s
throat, but Hugh’s arms were locked
about Phil's neck in an endeavor to force
back Phil's head until the slender column
that supported it should break and the
head fall helplessly to the sands.

  Phil, in desperation, gripped Hugh
about his middle and dragged him up
again, lifting him in air and bringing
him down hard upon his feet, the old
trick that has broken many a man’s back.

  But in this effort Phil left the upper
part of his body wholly unguarded; and
Hugh, crooking one arm about the back
of his neck, reached down and pinioned
Phil's left wrist; then, using his oppo-
nent’s body as a lever, he drew Phil’s
head down to his chest.

  Now they stood, almost motionless,
732

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

the sweat running from their bodies,
Phil’s eyes staring into death. Their
muscles were strained to the breaking-
point.

  But no mortal man could hold out
under the pressure; with a groan of
agony, Phil’s grasp weakened and his
body grew limp. He fell forward, with
Hugh under him.

  Swiftly Hugh reversed the positions;
then, springing up. he snatched the re-,
volver from the stone, and, in his blind
fury of hate, leveled it on the man who
was now on hands, and knees, striving
pitifully for the strength to rise.

  “ You’ve got a minute to live in,”
grated Hugh. “ One minute. Got any
prayers to make?”

  Phil turned to him a face gray with
pain, but barren of a request for mercy.
With a long breath, lie drew himself to
his feet and tottered a few steps forward.

  “ You murderer, you thief, you
traitor! ” Hugh shrieked above the storm,
trying to steel himself for the deed he
had sworn to do. “ Do you deserve to
live? No! And I’m not going to let
you live! Your minute’s up! ”

  His finger trembled on the trigger as
he tried to force himself to shoot. But
his will was no longer his own.

  Mad with rage, he shook the weapon
at the man before him.

  “ You think 1 won’t shoot. But I
will—I say I will.”

  ‘‘Hugh—Hugh!” came a voice from
afar.

  He turned his eyes, and saw Donna
running fleetly toward them.

  “ Don’t—“-don't — don’t—shoot! ” she
gasped as she stumbled close to him and
fell on her knees. “ Don’t, Hugh, don’t!
For Heaven’s sake, don’t! ”

CHAPTER IX.

THE MURDER CONFESSED.

  The revolver fell from Hugh’s sha-
king fingers, and he stared dazedly from
the white face of the girl to the gray lips
of Phil, which mouthed inarticulate
words. He had fallen to his knees
again, and was crawling toward the
fallen revolver.

“ You love him—you love Phil ? ”

   “ Love Phil! ”

  Her tone was as hopeless as it was
bitter.

   “ Oh, if I only could—if I only could !
But my heart had not been trained to
love, but to hate. There is no room for
love in it now. Why didn’t you kill me?
I’m not fit to live. If you’d only killed
me—if you only had! ”

  Hugh, gaping at her, had not seen
Phil grasp the revolver that lay at his
feet; but the girl had, and, reaching
down, she caught the crawler’s wrist, ex-
erting a strength- equal to his own and
tearing the weapon from his grasp.

   “ Pity me! ” she cried, her tragic eyes
turned to the stormy sky. “ Heaven pity
me. For I’ve made you both beasts like
myself. Listen! That is Heaven’s an-
swer.”

  A great crash of thunder drowned the
words, and a sword of flame pierced the
black clouds, casting a terrible light
upon the dark waters. The cold rain
fell upon her upturned face.

  “ I have done it all. But I did not
mean that you should suffer. I was
afraid. I thought only of shielding my-
self. I killed him. Yes, I killed him! ”

   “ In pity’s name,” wailed Phil, “ tell
us which one you love, which one you are
trying to shield. I take it all back. If
you love Hugh, I will go away and never,
never see either of you again. But tell
us—tell us.”

  “You do not believe me? You think
I am trying to shield one of you? Oh,
you are blind! You cannot see the dark
places because you love me. Oh, I’m
bad clean through. I’m not worth either
of you, even if I could love. But I
can’t.

   “ I tell you I was born with the devil
in my heart. If I’d met the right man
before my mother married Him, it would
have been different. I’ve been a woman
for the last three years—we Southrons
mature early—but they didn’t know it,
and they treated me like a child. My
father’s friends had shown me something
of the life a pretty woman should lead,
and I wanted that life. Then, too, I
loved my mother—loved her more pas-
sionately than you can understand—for,
no doubt, you have had others to love
you, and I had only her. She married
Selfridge.

   “ At first, we were happy enough ; but
THE HIDDEN HATE.

733

   then he found that map of the treasure,
   aiid his one idea was to get enough
   ^ money to come down here- and dig it up.
   He could have got some one to lend him
   the money; but he was afraid they’d rob
   him, and so he put my mother and me to
   a life of drudgery, while his pasty-faced
   son went to college and spent the money
   that I saved him by washing the dishes
   and making the beds.

    “ My mother was uncomplaining, and
  so I stood it. Otherwise — well, there
  were many paths I could have taken.
  Are you listening? Are you beginning to
  understand the kind of a girl I am?
  When you do, it’ll be easy for you to be-
  lieve that I killed him.”

    Their faces were stony, expressing
  nothing.

     “ Then I thought that, after all, it was
   only for a year; and then we would be
   very rich. He hadn’t said anything then
   about keeping all the treasure for his son.
   It was to be equally divided between my
   mother and himself.

    “ Meanwhile, my mother wasted away
  l>efore my eyes. But I was blind and
  didn’t understand. You see, he’d calcu-
  lated to a nicety just how much money
  it took to run the house, and he gave her
  just that much every week. But she
  wanted me to go to dancing-school and
  learn languages and all that, so she told
  me she had a little saved away and that
  would pay for it.

    “ And I believed her. But do you
  know what she was doing? Sitting up
  until four and five in the morning, ma-
  king lace undergarments, and then get-
  ting up at seven to make the fires.

     “ You see, I thought we were going to
   share the money—she and I. And I pic-
   tured myself making a marriage that
   pleased her and giving her a little grand-
   daughter and being respected for her
   sake—her sake !

     “ And all the time she was dying that
   college boy of his was living on the fat
   of the land, while she would pretend
   to have eaten so that I might have more.

    “ Then she died—from overwork and
  worry. The one thing in all the world
  that I loved.

    “ Oh, I hated him' because he had
  worked her so hard; but I didn’t hate
  him enough to kill him then, not even at
  her funeral—because, you see, I thought

he meant to be fair—I thought he in-
tended to keep his word and share the
treasure with her. And, besides, he had
worked very hard,' too, even if his son
was spending money. So what she had
done, he had done, too.

  “ But after her death, when I saw that
the only reason he had killed my mother
was a desire to bring his family back into
their silly little position, the hate began
to grow in my heart. And when I looked
at Horace, and he told me that, since his
father wished it, he supposed he’d have
to marry me.

  “ I thought it was a joke at first. My
mother had died working for the money.
And I wasn’t bad enough to marry that
flabby Horace just for the money.

  “ 1 really thought it was a joke. But
1 found out that he meant it. Unless I
married Horace, I could go into the
street and find my living the best way I
could.

  “ 1 gave him every chance. But he
meant it. He thought nothing of me or
of anybody else. I don’t think he even
thought of Horace. It was his petty
family name — Selfridge — and Horace
was the last of the Selfridges. Every-
thing was for that.

  “ So, last night, when he came back
from the islet and you two were asleep,
I was up and waiting for him. And when
I heard the canoe grate on the beach, I
couldn’t wait, but ran down to meet him.

  “He didn’t wait to get out before he
stirred all the hate in me again, for he
threw the paddle at my feet, and, while
he still sat in the canoe, unwrapped the
necklace from a piece of burlap, and sat
there gloating over it while it shone red
from the light of the camp-fire. And it
might well be red, for it cost my mother’s
life.

  “ He said it would all be for Horace;
that he would entail the estate as they do
in England, so that the Selfridge name
would always be kept up. And then I
told him quite calmly that my mother
had died to gain it, and I had slaved for
her sake and that 1 wanted my share.

  “ But he laughed and said it was for
the Selfridge name. Then I told him
furiously: ‘ If you do not give me half,
i will kill you ! ’

  “ He knew I meant it, too, for he
reached for his revolver.
734

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

  “ I caught up the canoe paddle and
struck him across the head, and lie fell
back in the canoe. Then I was afraid.
I didn't think 1 had killed him, and I
thought he might kill me; so I picked up
your revolver, Hugh, as it lay by the fire,
and took the blue paddle and got into the
boat with the body and rowed up-stream,
his head dangling over the gunwale.”
She covered her face with her hands.

  “ Then, as we were passing a tree that
swept the water, one of the branches
pushed his head forward—a-ah! And
I shot in fear and trembling—and that
was the shot that killed him. It was not
wanton, believe me. I was very much
afraid.”

  “ But how—how did you—you leave
the canoe up there?” was Phil’s trem-
bling question.

  “ it was low tide then, and the marsh-
land was not under water. I left the
canoe and put the necklace in his hand,
and threw his revolver into the river-bed.
1 kept Hugh’s revolver under my clothes
all the time afterward; and then, when
the three of us were on the islet and Phil
talked about finding a clue, I grew afraid
and knocked the lantern over; and then
shoved your revolver, Hugh, down deep
amid the treasure, where Phil found it.

  “ But after I had done it, and I saw
you two who had loved each other burn-
ing with hatred, some little part of me
that was good told me what I was. But
it did not triumph until just now, when
Phil walked away to find you.

  “Even then I said: ‘I’ll marry the
one who wins.’ But—I couldn't.

  “ And that’s all the story—except he
didn’t float out to sea. I took the neck-
lace out of his hands and pushed his body
off. I—I hated him! And I’m glad
lie’s dead ! But you—”

  She crossed over and picked up the
ignition - plug and the revolver and
walked away. They followed her dazedly.
When she reached the cove, she held it
up, then fitted it in place.

  “ This won’t cause any more trouble.
I’m going to take jt away. And all the
treasure that is in the car. The remain-
der is yours. Good - by! Say — say a
prayer sometimes for your little Donna—
the one you thought she was! ”

  The chug-chug of the motor sounded
above the shriek of the storm. They

watched the car mount the declivity and
disappear.

  For a long time they stood motionless.
The rain was falling in great sheets, but
they did not feel its sting.

  Out to sea the rocks showed jagged
and white, for the roaring breakers leaped
too high in air to touch them. A dark-
ness as heavy as that of night had fallen,
but through it they could see the great
pillars of foam.

  With a persistence that seemed to
keep a mountain of spume always above
the face of the cliff, the breakers rolled
in upon the rocks, bellowing through the
darkness like tortured white giants bound
to the sea-wall, and rising ever to the full
length of their chains.

  Yet through it all the two men stood
motionless, until the storm swept over
their heads and the foaming, helpless
waves began to calm in the waning breath
of the tempest. With their falling, the
tide rose, assaulting the shores with
crashing shocks that vibrated the ground
they stood on like minor earthquakes.

  Soon they looked across a lonely sea,
where the blackness was changing tor
gray, and from which the gentler breeze
brought the tang of salt to their nostrils.

  It seemed that the wind had died down
altogether, and the black water had no
break in it; but came in, long and strong,
but gentle as the caress of a favorite dog.

  Behind the cloud-banks broke the glow
of smoldering fires. A streamer of red
touched a wave and turned it to gold.
And the two men came out of their
dream.

  As though not sure of their awaken-
ing, they stepped cautiously, for fear
they were sleep-walking, after all. Side
by side, speaking no word, they gazed
about the cove.

  A sense of desolation oppressed them.
The wind had torn down their rough
shelters of wood and bark. Their blan-
kets and clothing lay in wet heaps; and
as, with one accord, they ascended the
declivity, they saw far in the distance a
tiny speck that they knew for the fast
disappearing motor.

  “ She’s gone for good,” muttered
Hugh, “or for evil. Heaven help any
other men that fall in with her.”

  Silent again, he came back to the cove.
And now Phil was muttering:
THE PETALUMA PRODUCT.

735

  “ The treasure — we’ve got the other
half. Well—we’ve got that. And we’ll
splif it with old Selfridge’s son. Yes,
we’ll do the square thing.”

  But neither looked at the other until
the streamer of sun found its way into
the cove and touched with a lurid finger
the ruby necklace that the girl had
thrown from her as the motor - car
whizzed away.

   With a sudden, wild cry, Hugh kicked
 it far out to sea; then, turning suddenly,
 he met the wistful eyes of his old-time
 friend.

   Tears, hot and smarting, sprang to his
 eyes.

   And, as he stretched out his hands, he
 saw that Phil, too, was weeping, and
 they were not ashamed to fall in each
 other’s arms.

End.)

THE PETALUMA PRODUCT.

              By Kenneth MacNichol.

 gHOWING why the potted om-
 elet was postponed, and a
 whole county became chicken-fed.

“"T"HERE was a Frenchman did
it once,” said McAdams
1 musingly, his remark being
without relation to conversa-
tion gone before.

  “Did what?” inquired Sweeny, the
head capper, who ofton had difficulty
in following the processor’s train of
thought.

  “ Canned eggs,” answered McAdams
in the same grave tone.

  “ Huh ! ” incredulously.

  “ Sure! So you could make an omelet
of ’em ; keep a thousand years, just like
canned peaches.”

  “Then, why ain't it done now?”
questioned Sweeny.

  “ Don’t know how,” answered the
process-man. “ I read all about it in a
hook that the ol’ man has in the office.

I	guess the Frenchman did it all right.
The book says that he was the daddy of
the canning industry, an’ the only
Frenchy that ever canned French peas
without putting in copperas to make ’em
green. An’ he canned eggs, so’s you
could make an omelet of ’em afterward,
just like I said. Sure!”

  “ Huh! ” vociferated the capper again,
and then fell silent, meditating on the
process-man’s remarks.

  The big cannery was veiled with dark-
ness ; the machinery was stilled after the
day’s work, and the immense process-
kettles gave vent to labored grunts and
groanings as the scalding, imprisoned
steam combated the germs of ferment in
sterilizing the last “ cook.”

  With the exception of the night-watch-
man flushing out peelings at the other
end of the building, only the head
process-man, McAdams, and the head
capper, Sweeny, remained to finish the
labor of the day. Sweeny had stopped
his soldering-machine half an hour be-
fore, and, having supplied the machine
with new spools of gleaming wire-solde'r
and washed the last traces of lead and
acid from his hands, had come into the
process-room to hold converse with Mc-
Adams while the process-man lingered
to remove the last of the shining cans
from the cooking-tanks.

  McAdams had two interests in life—
hens, and new methods of canning fruit.
Other things are perhaps necessary in
the complicated social arrangements of
modern civilization, but the world known
of McAdams lay between his chicken-
ranch at Petaluma and the plant of the
Associated Canneries Company in San
Francisco, where for seven years, five
months in each year, he had been the
court of last resort in the process-room.

  Sweeny, whose pets were the big sol-
dering - machines, had no fads, but
he had a lively respect for the processor.
Therefore, no matter how far McAd-
ams’s thoughts might carry him afield
736

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

in pursuit of poultry and canned goods,
Sweeny never allowed himself more than
a negative questioning. It might be
said, however, that, concerning the pos-
sibility of canned eggs, he had certain
silent doubts.

   It was just as well that his silence
 remained unbroken, for the process-man
 was already fostering an incipient idea;
 and to flout an idea is to drive spears at
 the heart of friendship. The next day,
 when McAdams came to work, besides his
 dinner-pail he bore in his hand a bulging
 paper sack, which he deposited carefully
 in the little closet where he kept his
 sirup-stained overalls and jumper.

   That night, and for many nights there-
 after, as soon as work was finished, the
 processor retired to the “ kitchen,” as the
 little laboratory was called, where the
 apparatus was kept that was used in the
 testing of sirups, examining fruit that
 showed a tendency to' spoil, and working
 out the problems that presented them-
 selves almost daily during the canning
 season.

   “ Must be workin’ night - shifts,” the
 night-watchman remarked to himself, as
 night after night a light glowed in the
 kitchen until long after an hour when it
 might be supposed that a man who had
 spent the day in directing the movements
 of three-ton trays of canned goods would
 feel the need of honorable repose. Nor
 did the processor’s lapse from regular
 habits go unnoticed in the office.

   “ Do you suppose that McAdams can
 be drinking?” asked El well, the compa-
 ny’s manager, of the bookkeeper.

   “ Never knew him to touch a drop,”
 answered the bookkeeper, “and he has
 been here every season since I came.”

   “ Well, his actions are very strange,”
 rejoined the manager doubtfully; “ looks
 as though he had been going the pace,
 and this morning I just caught the stack-
 ers in time to prevent their piling up
 twenty-eight cases of tomatoes that he
 had seiit out marked peaches—that, when
 there hasn’t been a peach in the house
 for a week. I think I’ll have to speak to
 * him.”

   This was as far as the threatened
 wigging proceeded, for it happened that
 McAdams spoke first, giving an entirely
 satisfactory explanation of his preoccu-
 pation. That same night, after the

 cooling-vats had received their last load
 of steaming cans, the processor ap-
 proached the capper with an air of
 secrecy generally supposed to character-
 ize the conspirator against governments.

  Armed with a can-opener, and bearing
a grimy can plentifully bedaubed with
soot, McAdams took the wondering
Sweeny by the sleeve and gently, yet in-
sistently, led him away to the kitchen.
Once inside, the processor locked the
door, and, seizing the knob, shook it
violently to be certain that it was fast.
He placed his treasure lovingly upon the
table, then pointed dramatically at the
sooty can.

  “ Had it on the boiler five days; tem-
perature, one hundred and two degrees;
warranted to spoil anything in a can if
it is spoilable — but it couldn’t spoil
that! ”

  With a very successful, although un-
conscious, imitation of Macbeth bran-
dishing his dagger, McAdams attacked
the can. At the first plunge of the can-
opener there was a sound as of escaping
steam. Sweeny sneezed.

  “ Gas,” said McAdams laconically.
“ Germicide ; fermenticide; absolutely
harmless—absolutely.”

  Out from the opened can he rolled a
dozen objects into a plate that rested'on
the table—soft, white globules, that re-
sembled thin cases of rubber tissue filled
with liquid.

  “ Eggs! Canned eggs ! ”

  “Huh?” exclaimed the wild-eyed
Sweeny. “But they’re soft!”

  “Sure!” answered the processor.
“ Treated ’em with dilute hydrochloric;
irfakes ’em soft—so’s they won’t break.”
Like a prestidigitator executing a feat
of legerdemain, McAdams reached under
the table and drew forth a tiny frying-
pan.

  “ Will you kindly light that Bunsen
lamp for me?” he said gravely.

  Into the pan he put a spoonful of oil,
and then, taking four of the transformed
eggs, he tore the tough envelope between
thumb and finger and placed the con-
tents in the pan. Over the^ighted Bun-
sen lamp he waved the pan, from whence
presently proceeded a savory odor.

  A deft movement of a spatula turned
the mass, and when it had reached the
desired state of consistency McAdams
THE PETALUMA PRODUCT.

737

inverted the pan over another plate,
turning to the admiring Sweeny with a
low bow.

  “Omelet! Made from canned eggs
that would keep a thousand years! In
the history of the canning industry, two
men have turned the trick; the Frenchy
—and McAdams!”

  “ Huh!” said Sweeny, because it was
the only sound he found ready on his
tongue as he reached a tentative finger
toward the plate.

  “ Take it along—take it along! ” said
the processor, insistently directing the
capper toward the door. “ Plenty more
where that came from. I’ve got a little
work to do to-night—so, good-by! ”

  With the last word, Sweeny found
himself outside the door with the result
of the processor’s wizard cookery still in
his hands. He tasted in hesitation.

  “Well, I’ll be jiggered!” he ex-
claimed a moment later. “ ’Tis an ome-
let, an’ a good ’un at that. But I’m
blessed if I ever see an omelet made like
that before! ”

  In the morning McAdams, the proces-
sor, held an interview with P. B. Elwell,
manager of the Associated Canneries, in
the office. Something of the same scene
was enacted that he had rehearsed with
Sweeny the night before; but this time
his eyes, sunken with gazing for many
nights into various testing-vessels, blazed
with the light of an inventor’s enthusi-
asm.

  “ The theory is this,” he explained;
“ you can’t cook an egg to can it, or you
have boiled eggs. The egg must be
canned wivhout cooking. Now, with
fruit, the germs of fermentation are all
011 the outside; sterilize the fruit, kill the
germs—and there you are ! But an egg-
shell is porous, and the germs get inside
the egg. There is your problem—to kill
those germs without boiling or spoiling
the egg.

  “ There’s only one way to do it—that’s
my way. I soften my egg-shells, so they
won’t break. I fill the cans, then put
them into a retort and exhaust the air—
air contains germs. The eggs have first
been partly sterilized by dipping into a
germicide. Now, an egg-shell contains
air. but it is built to withstand the nat-
ural air-pressure and no more.

  “ Into my retort 1 introduce, at a

11	S	. V

heavy pressure, a gas of my own inven-
tion that is germicidal and fermenticidal;
it penetrates the egg-shell—drives out the.
air—kills the bacteria without injuring
the flavor of the egg—the can is sealed
in the retort without further contact with
the air—gas/ in the can and gas in the
egg—and there you are !

  “ It is a cold process from first to
last. No bacteria; no fermentation—and
the egg don’t spoil! ”

  At this point the manager was ready
with an interruption, but McAdams
waved down his words with a gesturing
hand.

  “ In considering the commercial side
of my invention, let me give you a few
facts. The food value of eggs is higher
than that of the best meat. A dozen
eggs weigh a pound and a half; a pound
and a half of beefsteak costs thirty-five
to forty cents. I live at Petaluma, the
greatest egg center on this earth or any
other earth, where most of the year eggs
can be bought for fifteen cents a dozen.
At that rate, a dozen canned eggs can
be sold at twenty-five cents every day in
the year with a big profit to the canner.

  “ 1 /aise hens myself; I know the hen
from beak to tail; I know what she can
do. A good hen will produce one hun-
dred and eighty eggs a year—fifteen
dozen eggs. The cannery could own its
own hens, but at Petaluma there are over
a million hens producing eggs, and that
is a very conservative estimate.

  “ A cannery at Petaluma could take
care of the whole product six months in
the year. Think what that means! Nine-
ty million of eggs in six months; seven
million five hundred thousand cans, a
dozen eggs in each can; three hundred
and twelve thousand five hundred cases,
twenty-four cans to the case, of canned
eggs!

  “ I tell you, the meat trust will go
down and out—there’s the question of
supply and demand—we can raise more
liens if we need ’em! Will people buy
beefsteak when they can get canned eggs
at twenty-five cents a dozen at the nearest
corner grocery ? I say, no! ”

  McAdams paused for breath.

  “ I suppose, Mr. McAdams,” said the
manager suavely, “ that you have some
definite purpose in telling me these
things? ”
738

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

  “ Sure! ” said the astonished inventor.
“ I want five thousand dollars to start
an egg cannery at Petaluma, you to take
a half ■ interest, and a half interest to
come to me as legitimate reward for the
invention.”

  “ Just so,” continued the manager.
“ Now, while I am not so sanguine as
yourself in regard to the venture, which
is but natural, yet you seem to have some-
thing very good, and 1 have been much
interested in what you have told me. 1
must have time, however, to confer with
my associates. If you could leave a can
or two with me which you have already
prepared—”

  His enthusiasm slightly abated, Mc-
Adams groped in his bulging pockets,
and presently extricated two more of the
grimy cans, smaller than the others.

  “ These are some of the first,” he said,
“with only a half-dozen apiece in ’em;
but they’re just the same as the one you
saw."

  “Very well,” said Mr. Elwell, “and
if you will call on me to-morrow eve-
ning, I may say that I hope to give you
a favorable answer. In the meantime, 1
think that the process-room needs your
attention; we can't spare you there for
the present, you know. To-morrow eve-
ning—don’t forget.”

  Smilingly the manager bowed Mc-
Adams to the door, arid not until the
processor had retreated to his own do-
main did he think how easily he had been
dismissed.

  “ These business men are a smooth out-
fit,” he mused, scratching his auburn
pate. “ But he said that he hoped the
answer would assuredly be favorable to
me.”

  The answer was favorable, and with-
in forty-eight hours McAdams, hen fan-
cier, processor, and Inventor of canned
eggs, found himself the prime stock-
holder in the Petaluma Canning and
Packing Company, a corporation to be
capitalized at two hundred thousand
dollars, and destined to exploit, in a new
way. the world-wide renowned Petaluma
product.

  Also, McAdams’s temperate opinion
in regard to the merits of his own in-
vention was raised to a point that
threatened to sterilize the blood corpus-
cles in his body. One might have thought

that even his hair flamed a more fiery
aureole about'his brow.

II.

  The newly elected directors of the
Petaluma Canning and Packing Compa-
ny were holding their first conference
session in the company’s recently ac-
quired offices in San Francisco. At the
head of the long table sat Mr. P. B.
Elwell, president and general manager
of the new company, suave, formal,
courteous, the man of business, sans
reprochc.

  At the foot of the table sat Mr. John
McAdams, the principal stockholder,
complacent over his elevation to high
places, yet somewhat uneasy because of
the unwonted armor of starched linen
in which he was incased. Around the
table were ranged the other directors,
these for the larger number being stock-
holders in the Associated Canneries
Company.

Mr. Elwell addressed Mr. McAdams:

  “ You understand, Mr. McAdams,
that while the company is non-produc-
tive, 1, as one of the directors, would not
feel that we were doing justice to the
stockholders should we offer you an ex-
orbitant salary for your services as su-
perintendent. I should say that about
four hundred dollars per month, in-
creased to five hundred when the plant
is in operation, should be a figure satis-
factory to all parties.”

  “Sure!” said McAdams imperturba-
bly, after he had restrained a gasp of
amazement by grasping hard at the arms
of his chair. “ That suits me all right.
But 1 would like to have Sweeny in on
it.”

  “ As superintendent, Mr. McAdams,
you will be at liberty to employ such help
as seems necessary, paying reasonable
salaries to your assistants. I think it
would be well for you to go at once to
Petaluma, to oversee the building now
being done.

  “ It should not be over a month at the
latest before we install the machinery.
Then there are the contracts with the
chicken-ranchers, and so forth. But I
think that we need not worry the di-
rectors with those.

“ You can draw on the treasurer for
THE PETALUMA PRODUCT.

739

such money as you need, all accounts to
be subject to the approval of the directors
at each quarterly meeting. I think that
is all, gentlemen ? ”

  “ Move we adjourn,” yawned a heavy
man with a broad expanse of shirt-front,
who had been nodding sleepily in his
chair.

  The motion was carried, and, after
shaking hands with each of the other
directors, John McAdams, lately in-
vested with a title in plutocracy, took
his way to the elevator of the big office-
building.

  The next day he boarded the train for
Petaluma, and, as a commentary on man
as he is, the first thing McAdams did
upon his arrival was to smash with an
ax the neat chicken-brooders that he had
carefully constructed from store-bo^es
not six months previously.

  “ No more chicken-raising for Mc-
Adams ! Although,” he assured him-
self. “ I’ll buy a few pairs of fancy thor-
oughbreds as soon as I can get a place
where I can take care of them.”

  For be it known that McAdams was
a bachelor, and his home generally char-
acteristic of a bachelor’s housekeeping.

  The construction of the new cannery
was hurried forward with all possible
despatch, nor did this latest packet
launched on the deep waters of com-
mercialism lack for heavy winds of free
advertising to speed it on its way.

  McAdams was somewhat opposed to
this form of notoriety when it became
impossible for him to purchase a Sunday
paper without seeing his own picture
staring out at him„captioned forth as the
veracious representation of the face of
McAdams, the inventor of canned eggs.
It might be said that McAdams was not
handsome; but to his objections Elwell
had one unanswerable reply:

  “ We have an absolutely new product
to get upon the market, and the more free
space we get .now, the less we will have
to buy presently for advertising.”

  McAdams forswore his colored Sun-
day supplements, and gave his entire at-
tention to the building, and thereafter
the reporters who scented a good story
at Petaluma were perforce content to
slake their curiosity in looking at the
great glass cases where the cans were to
I".- sealed.

  Mr. McAdams refused to talk for pub-
lication, and he refused to be made the
victim of a snap-shot.

  At last the plant was complete.
Wagon after wagon laden with eggs
rolled up to the platform and were dis-
charged of their fragile burden. Smoke
belched from the great chimney for the
first time. Gas machines began to purr
—cans to rattle—soldering - irons to
smoke.

  Fifty girls stowed away the softened
eggs into cans that were trucked away
to the glass cases, where Sweeny, master
of a new trade, sealed them under pres-
sure : “ gas in the can, and gas in the
egg—and there you are! ”

  The success of the experiment could
not be doubted; there were the eggs—
there were the cans—there were the
canned eggs, ready to be served in ome-
lets, boiled, fried, poached, burned, friz-
zled, or baked, for the breakfast of the
world.

  McAdams was jubilant and content;
Elwell hurried away to Chicago to con-
tract with the jobbers for the disposal of
the new product.

 One week—two weeks—a month
passed. The business grew common-
place. A new industry had been born;
it was a healthy child, and flourished ex-
ceedingly. Long since, wonder had de-
parted from the minds of the Petaluma
chicken-ranchers contemplating this new
imposition on the patient hen, and they
hauled their eggs to the cannery with as
little curiosity as an orchardist might dis-
play in disposing of his product in the
same way.

  Each uiorning in the cannery live
thousand rans, a dozen eggs in each can,
^ere trucked away to one of the two
warehouses; the pack of the previous day.

  It has been said that McAdams was
jubilant; in the excess of his intemperate
joy he forgot a single fact in natural
history, to wit, the neurotic temperament
of the mother of the egg, who imparts
her capricious nature to her offspring—
a nature indeed difficult to pacify. Came
a morning when McAdams surprised a
stacker from the warehouse, bearing on
a shovel to the outer air a bursted can
which exhaled an unmistakable odor.

  “Leak?” inquired McAdams, without
interest, for leaks and swells are a loss
740

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

definitely counted upon in all canning
operations.

   “ Well, if it is,” the stacker answered,
“ I couldn't lind it. An’ this makes
about a dozen that I’ve carried out in the
last few days, but 1 couldn’t find a leak
in the lot.”

  McAdams hurried to the warehouse,
where he remained the entire morning,
tapping can after can with a bit of heavy
wire and listening eagerly to the sound
that they gave forth.

   Altogether he found perhaps two doz-
.en cans that showed signs of “ venting,"
He conferred with Sweeny.

   “ Only one thing to do,” they agreed.
Operations for the day were suspended,
and the second warehouse was fitted with
coils of steam-pipe that maintained the
building at a uniform temperature of
one hundred and two degrees. By em-
ploying outside help, McAdams managed
to move the entire pack into the larger
warehouse within two days.

   “ If they are going to spoil.” he con-
sidered. “ they might as well do it quick
before any of them are sold ; and if just
a few more spoil, we can get at ’em, the
way they are now. In the other house
a full half might have gone bad in the
middle of the pile without any one know-
ing a thing about it. I guess that is a
good move.”

   His precaution, however, was need-
less, for very few cans were afterward
found that had fermented, and business
continued as before.

   The heated warehouse began to be Well
filled with the constant additions to the
pack, and from Chicago came favorable
reports from Mr. Elwell concerning new
contracts for future deliveries of
canned eggs. At night McAdams would
sit down with a pencil and paper, fig-
uring the profits of each day’s work, get-
ting results—011 paper—that satisfied
even his most sanguine expectations. He
was not counting his chickens before they
were hatched, exactly, but—

  Oh, hopes that perish, and dreams
that go astray! But a short three weeks
elapsed until McAdams was again beset
with difficulties, ushered in by a jobber
from San Francisco who expressed a de-
sire to see some of the canned eggs in
contemplation of sales to be made to his
patrons.

  The jobber accompanied McAdams to
the warehouse, and McAdams proudly
pointed out to him the results of accom-
plished labor—a few hundred odd cans
over three hundred thousand of canned

egg*-

  McAdams opened a can—one of the
cans that had been moved three weeks
before from the other warehouse.

  From the can came an odor; lie
looked—and looked again.

  Wildly he attacked another can—
again he looked. The can dropped from
his palsied hand-

  The jobber stared wide-eyed, for a
moment only, and then fled. Shortly
after, lie leaned limply against the bar
of the nearest thirst-emporium.

  “ Three fingers in a wash-tub,” lie
gasped to the amazed barkeeper; “ and
let it be Something strong. 1—I’ve had
a shock! ”

  McAdams delayed but a moment only
after tile departure of the jobber. He
opened one more can, but his hand trem-
bled, and the contents were spilled on
the floor.

  He looked at the litter—perhaps it
would be more veracious to say he stared,
for something moved among the mess of
softened shells. And that something—
cheeped!

  In Chicago the astonished Elwell re-
ceived a telegram. It read:

    Sell no more eggs and cancel con-
  tracts. There are none to sell.

                       McAdams.

  Elwell hurried to Petaluma.

  With an emotion that approached a
doubt of his own sanity, he came to the
cannery that lie had seen completed so
short a time before. A force of carpen-
ters were busy on the wide porch, con-
structing boxes that no reach of the
imagination could construe into Hack-
ing cases for canned eggs.

  Truck-load after truck-load of empty
cans were being wheeled down a gang-
way from the warehouse and dumped on
a mountainous heap of useless tinware.
Smoke still belched from the chimney,
but there was no sound of machinery.

  In strange contrast to the apparent
ruin, McAdams met him at the door with
a smiling face.
THE PETALUMA PRODUCT.

741

   “Well, you got back?’’

   “ Yes, I have returned ; but what does
 this mean? Is this a cannery, or is it an
 incubator, or is it a hospital for sick
 eggs? This is information that I should
 like to obtain.”

   With a moving finger McAdams beck-
 oned him away to the warehouse. There,
 piled row 011 row to the ceiling, with
 scarcely room for passage between, were
 stacked the boxes made by the carpen-
 ters outside; row on row of chicken-
 brooders, filled with their rightful ten-
 ants.

   Ranged by a long bench worked forty
 men, opening cans; from the cans they
 extracted—the natural descendants of
 the egg! McAdams waved his hand
 abroad. “ The whole building is like
 this,” he said.

   “ I—I think—that I will lie down—
 if the office is clear,” groaned Elwell,
 and he instantly suited the action to the
 word.

   McAdams sympathetically followed
 the manager to the office, remembering
 his own emotions when first he had cog-
 nizance of the miracle.

   “ Can I get you a glass of water, Mr.
 Elwell ? ” he asked.

  “Water!” groaned Elwell. “What
good is water when I’m totally and irre-
trievably ruined? ”

   “ Guess again, and guess better,” re-
 joined McAdams, tapping the desk with
 a long forefinger. “ Those little chick-
 ens, Mr. Elwell, are at present worth
 seventy-five cents a dozen in the open
 market; more, later. There are now one
 hundred and fifty thousand dozen, and
 others coming. That is not ruin, quite,
 that I can see! ”

   Mr. Elwell began to recover.

   A few months later the second and last
 session of the directors of the Petaluma
 Canning and Packing Company con-
 vened in the San Francisco offices. In
 this manner the treasurer summed up his
 report:

   Total disbursements from original
 capital of the company for construction
 of plant, etc., operating expenses, etc.;
 secured by sale of company stock; ail
 accounts receipted by check, $194,082.06.

   Total receipts of company from sale

   of plant to Petaluma Poultry Com-
   pany; sale of 162,146 dozen of small
   chicks and broilers at an average price
   of $1.14 per dozen; sale of other acces-
   sories; payment cash or negotiable pa-
   per, $281,583.80.

     Balance to be divided among stock-
   holders, $87,501.74.

   Rut, notwithstanding this more than
favorable report—indisputable proof of
profits safely in hand—the Petaluma
Canning and Packing Company was im-
mediately dissolved by the unanimous
consent of the directors. The reason
was tersely expressed by Mr. Elwell at a
little dinner he gave that evening — a
wake in honor of the defunct corpora-
tion.

   “ Gentlemen,” said he, “ I have taken
part in movements of frenzied finance
before; I have also been in a railroad
wreck. But on neither occasion have I
been so near to total financial and bodily
annihilation as I was on the morning
that I saw chickens produced as a by-
product of canned eggs! ”

   McAdams alone, of all the assembled
directors, had a reasonable explanation to
offer.

   “ A dog is a man,” said he, “ an' you
can argue with a dog; a horse is a man,
an’ you can argue with a horse. But a
hen is a woman, an’ she’ll have her own
way in spite of all you can do. Eggs
are supposed to be either hatched or
eaten. They are not supposed to be
canned, an’ so they just naturally
hatched. An’ then, besides, Petaluma
was just naturally intended as a place
to raise poultry, an’ I honestly believe
that you’d get hens there by spontaneous
generation, even if you killed every
chicken in the place.”

   This explanation he offered to Sweeny
later.

  “Huh!” said Sweeny. “Mebbe
you’re right; but I think it was the gas.
I’ll bet a dozen eggs, without any res-
ervation, that the Frenchman didn’t use
patent gas.”

   “ Perhaps.” said McAdams slowly,

“ he never did can eggs at all.”

   And McAdams is still wondering what
that mysterious Frenchman would have
done had he found himself confronted
with the Petaluma product.
MY LADY OF WINDMILLS

By Edward Marshall.

 oF a female Don Quixote who
 spent most of her time doing;
 mountain-climbing; on molehills.

VERY lovely she was, as she looked
at him, although" clearly her age
was nearly equal to his own.

      She made him think of one of
those old Flemish silver statuettes of
court ladies which the careful searcher
may still find and buy in Antwerp. She
smiled when he mentioned this.

  Emerging from his arms, a moment
later, she gazed at him fondly, beaming,
as even elderly affection may at its true
love, and breathless. Her first words
were not, however, just what he had lis-
tened for.

  “ At our age. too! ” she said.

  “ Why not ? ” he asked. Then he saw
something in her face which filled him
with mild apprehension.

  “ Marcella,” he said softly, “ don’t
begin to worry about other people! ”
How well he knew her gentle fail-
ing! He looked into her face with eyes
ashine with love, vital, despite the little
shadows which approaching age had
cast about them, understanding and in-
dulgent.

  “ If we have waited till you’re forty
and I’m more, the worse fools we,” said
he, “ and we must wait no longer.”

  “ If any living soul should suffer
through it,” she said slowly, “ would it
not be wrong for us to think of it?
High-handed youth has passed for us.”
“ But may we not, together, seek con-
tentment in the autumn of our lives?”
he replied. “ Who, possibly, Could suf-
fer through it?”

  Then he spoke foolishly, intending to
play lightly with a vague jealousy which
once had troubled him a little, but now,
since he had secured her promise, had
vanished utterly.

  “Are you thinking of the doctor?”
he merrily inquired. In all sincerity, he
believed that, under the circumstances,
the remark was mildly humorous.

  Instantly lie regretted the remark,
and wondered at his great unwisdom in
suggesting difficulties to her.

  She caught her breath, as if he fum-
bled at a door she feared somewhat.

  “How could the doctor suffer?” she
demanded, but with no note of confi-
dence. Then, more surely — and this
pleased him: “ And 1 am very thank-
ful. If he—we have been such friends
for years that—oh, I could not bear to
give him pain ! ”

  She paused, and gazed, unseeing, into
the grate’s dull glow. There was chill
in the spring air.

  “ But he has never spoken,” she went
on. “ I have sometimes feared he
would, but he has not. I don't know—
if he did care—I think that I should
hesitate. We could be very happy, you
and I, with friendship. Have we not
been? If it would take unhappiness to
any one, would we have the right to ask
of life the greater joy for the few years
that are left to us?”

  He laughed a little at this repetition
of her question, but uneasily.

  “ It won’t take unhappiness to any
one.” he said in a tone which he was
hopeful might undo the mischief he had
done by bringing up the subject; “ and
of course we have the right.”

  Her attitude frightened him a little.
It was unusual for a woman who had
just acknowledged love and plighted
troth, even if she were Marcella. Had
he, joking, raised a bogy which had
really frightened her? He knew her
deep capacity for sweet concern for
others.

  “If he had cared, he would have
spoken,” he said weakly in an effort to
dispel the fantom he had materialized
from the vague vapox of her character-
istic questionings.

 742
MY LADY OF WINDMILLS.

743

  She nodded, but half-heartedly. It
was as if she tried to force conviction
of this logic 011 her mind.

  He reviled himself. Why had he not
been satisfied with the rich goods pro-
vided by the gods and not—

  “ And there is Bernard, too,” said
she, plainly now asearch for difficulties.
“ What will your son say?”

  Now he laughed heartily. That spec-
tral obstacle he could dispel. He was
at ease again.

  “My Lady of Windmills!” he said
mockingly. “ Rushing full tilt, as always,
at fantom adversaries! Bernard is just
eleven! ”

  She had smiled—with some abstrac-
tion, but still otniled — when he had
called her My Lady of Windmills. It
was a little joke between them. She
knew, herself, that she was prone to see
the enemy where foeman there was none,
but when he spoke so lightly of his son’s
importance, she grew grave again.

  “ Eleven - years - old can form strong
likes and dislikes!” she warned se-
riously.

  “ As if.’’ he said quite gaily, “ a son
of mine could fail to fall in love with
you! ”

  “ I could not fail to love your son,”
said she with a rich smile for him.
Then, almost appealingly, she bent to-
ward him, as if she begged him to say
pleasant things. “ Do you think he
will?" she pleaded.

  “ For his years,” said he, “ he has
good judgment.”

  With eyes fixed firmly on his face,
she reached, groping, for his hand, and,
finding it, she. patted it: but the sub-
ject did not leave her thoughts. She
sat quiet, plainly considering a woful
possibility.

  In spite of her gray hair, in some
things she was like a child. 1'he won-
der of a babe shone often from her wide-
open, expectant eyes. Her mental habits
were unspoiled, unhardened. She spoke
with a sharp intake of the breath.

  “ Oh,” said she, “ if he should not
love me! If he should be resentful!
If he should not want me for his
mother! ”

  “ He will idolize you,” her com-
panion answered with a comforting
finality; “and, idolizing you, will beg

 you to advance the wedding date.” He
 "laughed softly. “ Don’t be afraid to
 yield to him on my account! ”

   She did not permit herself more than
 a vague smile, nor did she, in contem-
 plation of the boy specter, entirely aban-
 don consideration of the doctor as a
 fantom at their feast. She now con-
 sidered both with a minute care in
 searching for unpleasant possibilities
 which he declared was dissipation.

   “ You look for and absorb a worry,”
 he exclaimed, “ as might a hashish-
 eater seek and eat his drug. It is a
 ,habit. You might tell the doctor by the
 phone that you have thought of marry-
 ing me, but will not, if he has objec-
 tions ! ”

   “John!” said she.

   But he did not wholly silence her
 with ridicule; for, as he rose to go, she
 looked at him, half-shamed and flushing
 delicately at the thought of renewing
 mention of misgiving, and said in-
 quiringly :

   “And' Bernard?”

   “ Again ? ” he asked, and laughed.
 “ Bernard.” he said more seriously, but
 still lightly, “ gets most of his opinions
 from his dad; and, really, I think well
 of you. I reckon he’ll agree with me.”

   “But, John,” she said, “I—why, -I
 have never even seen him! If we are
 to—marry—as soon as you get back
 from Minnesota, and if 1 am not to see
 him till then — don’t you understand?
 His new mother will be quite a stranger
 to him! ”

   “By Jove!” said he, impressed by
 this. “ I'll tell you what to do; while
 I’m away, if you can stand the noise,
 why don't you have him come here, so’s
 to get acquainted with him?”

II.

   Bernard had not been a lonely little
 boy. really, for he was fertile of re-
 sources; but, until recently, no small lad
 had lived within companionable distance
 of his father’s place out in the country,
 where he was much alone with servants;
 and, never having known his mother, or
 had a brother or a sister, he had been
 forced, sometimes, to turn to books for
 company.

   One, which he had found but recent-
744

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

 lv in the Sunday-school library, espe-
 cially held his interest, for it recorded
 the many fascinating troubles in Little
 Arthur’s life. Chief of these loomed
 up a stepmother, married by his father
 when they were traveling abroad, and
 superhuman in her cruelty.

  Reading, he did not at first know
just what stepmothers might be, but
finally, considering her nationality, he
placed them somewhat hazily in his
mind as bloodthirsty Russian women
(he made an obscure connection between
stepmothers and the steppes of bleak
Siberia, described in his geography),
prone to destroy weak, innocent young
boys. This opinion, like many of the
lonely little chap’s, had been achieved
and stored away without discussion with
any older person.

  There came confirmation of it. Jim-
my Artie’s father rented a near-by ten-
ant-house ; the lads, of course, through
mere propinquity, became fast friends;
and Mrs. Artie was a Lithuanian, easily
becoming Russian to Bernard's mind.
One day Jim was plainly full of wo.
Bernard asked him why.

  “Mom,” said Jimmy, who had not
had advantages, ' and did not always
speak correctly: “ last night she whaled
me.”

  “Ah, she is a stepmother!” was Ber-
nard’s instant comment.

  “ Um-huh,” said Jimmy. “ How did
you know ? ”

  “ 1 guessed,” said Bernard. “ Does
she—"

  He told of Little Arthur, seeking
parallels.

  “Oh, worse’n ■ that! ” said Jimmy
with a certain sort of pride.

  Then he told his tale in full, in a
corner of the fodder-barn, where it was
shadowy and easy to work up strong
emotions. It was really quite dreadful,
and, some of it, quite true. Of this he
showed some horrid proofs when he
proudly took his shirt off and let Ber-
nard, wide - eyed and gasping, look at
dark - blue markings, saffron - edged and
eloquent of recent blows. Bernard pon-
dered much upon this shocking matter.

  That night, not six hours after his
father had conversed in the city, twenty
miles away, as recorded at the beginning
of this tale, the small boy said to him:

  “ It must be a nawful thing to have
a stepmother! I’d hate it!”

  His startled father choked upon his
coffee, and almost dropped the cup.

  “ Why did you say that?” he gasped.
He had been about to break the charm-
ing news to him.

  “ Because—” said Bernard, and he
told the tales of Jimmy and of Little
Arthur.

  His father gazed at him in sheer
astonishment.

  “ Here’s a windmill of Marcella’s,”
he reflected, “ which is not entirely a
ghost! ”

  He had divers reasons for the course
he followed finally, and he Went ahead
on it, convinced that he was quite con-
versant with the youngster’s twisted
premises. In real fact, he did not sound
the depths of Bernard’s inaccurate de-
ductions far enough to capture his asso-
ciation of stepmothers with the Czar’s
dominions.

  He did not really attach great im-
portance to the matter, but still decided
that the way of wisdom would be to ar-
range things so that mother and son-
elect should meet and learn to love each
other ere the boy was told about the
marriage. He did not break the charm-
ing news to Bernard.

  Instead, that night, after the boy had
gone to bed, he gave a long, laborious
hour to writing a short letter. He
warned himself, while poised his pen.
that, while he must make things exactly
clear, he must say no word which would
affright Marcella. She must know
about the complication, but she must
not regard it as too formidable. After
he had filled one sheet with explana-
tions, he wrote, in substance, slowly:

  The mere word terrifies him now, but
  when he comes to know you he— Per-
  haps you might invite him, while I am
  away—

  Then he let the letter lie upon his
desk; and, as he studied it, he smiled.
He saw a chance to make the thing
seem light and unimportant by teasing
her about the doctor. Again he failed
to take into consideration the essential
fact that she lacked certain details of
his masculine sense of humor; again he
neglected to regard the fierceness of her
MY LADY OF WINDMILLS.

745

              feeling of responsibility to all other
              members of'the human race. He heed-
              lessly added:

                  Now, don't make this excuse to— I
                 know that that confounded doctor—

              When he had her answer, in a day
or two, during which his business had
not permitted him to go to see her, he
smiled again. Marcella ever had in
L	store some new surprise. In this letter,

              with inconsistency quite feminine, she
              shifted her position.

                Now that she thought the father wor-
              ried about Bernard, she herself was full
              of confidence. She wrote quite cheer-
              fully ; and, in spite of the amusement—
              fond, but still amusement — which he
              felt as he perused her words, they took
              genuine relief to him. He would have
              been tremendously distressed if he had
              had to start upon his journey feeling
              that she was seriously disturbed.

               Her threats that she would never
             marry him, if Bernard did not change
             his false opinions about stepmothers,
             did not worry him at all. He knew
             Bernard would change them as soon as
             he became acquainted with her.

                After a sentence or two more of con-
              fident denials in regard to the doctor,
              she added:

                  I do wish, however, that you had
                never put the thought into my head.
                You know how horribly I hate to grieve
                folk. Why did you? Am I not a cow-
                ard ? 1 enclose a note of invitation for
                Bernard.

                Bernard’s father, on the whole, was
              not quite satisfied with the correspond-
              ence. 11 is joking, surely, had miscar-
              ried ; but there would be no time for
              explanations before he went away. On
              his return, if matters still were skewed,
              he could soon straighten them. That
              evening he gave the note of invitation
              t	to his son.

                 My df.ar Bernard:

                     I feel as if I know you very well, be-
.	cause your father is my close, close

                 friend. I have been wondering if you
                 would not come to stay wrth me while
                 lie is gone out West, and even for a
                 time, afler his return, if I shall have
                 made it pleasant for you.

     I am. sometimes, a little timid about
   staying here with just the servants. If
   you can come. I know that I shall feel
   and be much more comfortable and
   safe. Can you manage such a thing?

  It was an effective letter. That she
really needed him for strong protection
in her loneliness weighed mightily
with Bernard.

III.

  Two mornings later she stood out in
her garden. She had been setting tulip-
bulbs. I'he spring air was very warm
and pleasant. She joyed in mere exist-
ence.

  No worry, for the moment, dimmed
her primitive gaiety. She had thoughts
only for her flowers. The postman
passed Bernard’s reply to her across the
privet hedge.

  She knew its source the moment she
espied the address in the cramped and
boyish script, and tore it open eagerly.
Her heart quite pitapatted, for she had
thought about the boy so much, first as
one who might dislike her when he
found that she had stolen part of his
dear father’s heart from him; and. sec-
ond, as another object around which the
tendrils of her love (lain dormant all
these years, and very eager, very greedy
now that they had caught the gleam of
sunshine) might twine.

  An English garden-hat, lawn-gar-
landed, guarded her fine, delicately
tinted face from the insistent kisses of
the youthful season’s ardent sun. Her
long, slender-fingered hands were in
huge, wristed gauntlets.

  She drew these olf and dropped them
to the ground. She wished to touch
the youngster’s letter with bare fingers.
This was a real desire; and for a long
minute before she tore the envelope, she
stood there, pressing it between her
moist, warm palms, caressing it with
dainty finger-tips. Finally she read it.

   It was a sturdy little letter, full of a
boy’s conceit at thought of being her pro-
tector ; and, after she had read it, slit-
gazed into the morning, dreaming pleas-
antly of depths of rich affection which
she would draw on for the little chap.
Her fears were, for the moment, all for-
gotten. discounted.
746

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

  She who had so yearned for childish
love would soon have for her very own
the manly little author of this delightful
note! Gain his affection? Each word
which he had written whispered that he
waited only for the opportunity to love
her.

  She had been asearch for fantom
foes! She cheerfully admitted this, and
smiled contentedly among her flowers be-
cause it was so. She saw the doctor com-
ing down the street. What a silly bug-
bear, for example, she had made of
nothing in believing that he even—

  His rumbling, kindly voice greeted her
across the hedge. Grizzled, gray, he was
a brusk man, big, honest-eyed, direct,
older by ten years than Bernard’s father
As she turned toward him, charming
Miss True Flanders, approaching from
the opposite direction, waved her hand
to her.

  Returning the salutation, Miss Mar-
cella had an opportunity, before the
doctor had come through the gate and
reached her side, to wonder why it was
that these two, who had been friends for
years, had never seen that they were ex-
actly fitted to each other.

  Why had the doctor always shown her
preference, when Miss Flanders was,
really, so much better suited to become
his mate? Perhaps they would yet see
it. Then the worryings of her beloved
would cease. She did not, for an instant,
doubt their reality now.

  “ Glad you’re here. Marcella,” said the
doctor, having reached her side, and
speaking with a voice extraordinarily
soft for him. “ What I have to tell, this
morning, is better told among the flowers.
I’ve been thinking that I'm getting old
and have been getting lonely, almost
without knowing it. I haven’t realized
how empty my life is. I need some one
to—”

  A bombshell burst within the central
stronghold of her group of Spanish
castles. She instantly divined, she
thought, just what the doctor planned to
say. Bernard’s father had been right
about him in the first place.

  Her recent comfortable reasoning had
been all false! Oh, why, at just this
moment, had fate brought the doctor
with this revelation to her? Why, even
if he loved her. had he chosen now to

voice his love? She was so fond of him!
How could she endure to give him pain?
He must not, must not actually tfsk her!
Leaving him, with his tongue poised for
the next, and, she w:as sure, the fatal
word, she fled.

   He did not even guess her mental proc-
esses. Mouth slightly open, handker-
chief midway between his coat-tail pocket
and his brow, which he had planned to
wipe, for the day warmed, he stood there,
staring after her. Then, with a puzzled :
“ She must have thought of something! ”
in his mind (an explanation which he
knew to be inadequate, but accepted,
lacking better), he turned back through
the gate, climbed into his gig and gave
his horse the signal to amble on about
his rounds. He chuckled.

  “ What I had to say will keep,” he
thought. “ Good things will always
keep. I’ll get a chance to tell her in a
day or two.”

  Just as he drove away, again appeared
Miss Flanders. It was almost as if she
had been waiting around the near-by
corner. Dark, Southern, still vivacious,
although also elderly, she had the air of
youth now, and as he checked his willing
horse, ran toward, him. answering his
greeting smiles with others as delighted.
Plainly she" approved of him this
morning.

   “ Did yo’ tell heh?” she inquired, and
drawled the words delightfully, as do
those who come from Dixie, in spite of
her plain eagerness.

  “ I was about to,” said the doctor,
“ when she was called away. I will,
though, if you still insist.”

  “ Of co’se Ah still insist,” Miss
Flanders said. “ Ah just can’t speak of
it, mahse’f. Suppose she should be—
should be haht-broken ! ”

“ Nonsense! ” said the doctor. “ But,
all right, I’ll get another chance, or make
one, within a day or two.” He raised
the reins again. “ Good-by—my dear! ”
She flushed and smiled.

  “ You—you ol’ dahlin’! ” she ex-
claimed.

  He drove on, happy.

IV.

  Miss Marcej.la passed a miserable
afternoon and evening in her library,
MY LADY OF WINDMILLS.

747

worrying each time a footstep sounded
from the street, fearing it might be the
doctor’s, and would pause, turn in and
bring him to her, bent upon a fuller state-
ment of his case. He did not come, how-
ever. and when it was too late for him
shv felt a great relief.

  But when she went to bed and her
mind turned to her other worry, she
dreamed of Bernard shrinking from her,
horrified, repelled. Later in her vision
the small boy struck his father’s hand
from hers as they were standing up be-
fore the clergyman. At noon next day
she went to meet the youngster at the
railway station.

  Her emotions, during the brief drive,
were mixed. She longed to see the lad
of whom her thoughts were full, but also
feared to. Waiting at the station she
felt like a conspirator planning to rob a
baby of it’s father’s love.

  Then a figure in the distance made her
think about the doctor, whom she had
striven to keep outside her thoughts this
morning. She almost turned to run, for
if he Saw her meet the boy, of course the
situation would be clear to him, she
thought, and his grief would instantly
begin.

  The figure, coming nearer, proved to
be a stranger’s, but the thought had
broken through her barriers against it
and she could not drive it out again. She
had the miserable sense all up and down
her spine that he lurked behind her every-
where ; her roving eyes expected sight of
him. waiting to watch her with a tragic
gaze, beyond each pillar she approached
on the long platform of the station.

  At last the train came in, and from the
few descending from the parlor-car she
had 110 trouble in selecting Bernard.
He did not look at her reproachfully, but
shook hands gravely and said he hoped
her health was very good indeed. She
loved him at first sight and hustled him
away as if she were a kidnaper.

  And Bernard? In three minutes he
was spellbound.

  He had never seen so many and such
pleasant shades of gray before, and in his
mind he christened her the Gray Lady.
Her eyes were gray and sparkled; her
hair was gray—a young gray, if you know
what that means; not so.much a badge
of years as—well, some folks do not grow

old, they just become mature, additionally
lovable; her gown was gray; and looped
about her neck was fluffy gray stuff which
she did not value highly, for in hugging
him she crushed it ruthlessly.

  And he noted a strange thing: some-
how a fellow did not feel ashamed when
she was hugging him! Bernard was sur-
prised by this. Such hugs and kisses as
had come to him from ladies whom he did
not know (and, poor little chap! he had
known few) in times gone past, had been
embarrassing things to hurry through,
with furtive glances at onlookers. Hers
did not steal his manhood!

  He was, himself, astonished, when, as
soon as she had loosed him (and he had
seen the look in her gray eyes) he hugged
her back again. Then observing that the
gray stuff was once more being crushed,
he suddenly relaxed his clasp. She, over-
joyed to have found him other than an
enemy and delighted beyond measure by
this first demonstrative greeting, looked
upon him with a mock reproach which
was very near to actual disappointment
and said softly:

  “ Is that as well as you can hug? ”

  He mentioned the peril of the gray
stuff.

  “ Bother! ” she remarked. “ There’s
more of that somewhere, and there’s only
one of you ! Hug me again.”

  She had 110 reason to complain about
the hug that followed. Enjoying it with
thrills of keen delight she forgot the doc-
tor while it lasted; but, just as they had
finished with it. she really saw his gig
approaching slowly from the distance.

  She popped Bernard into her carriage,
climbed after him with much more haste
than dignity, and called directions to the
coachman which would take them home
by the long way and save them from a
meeting with the gig. Then, for the
moment safe again, she turned once more
to Bernard with delight.

  The feeling that, in one sense, she was
not quite frank because she did not
instantly announce: “Child, I am to be
your stepmother! ” oppressed her for a
time ; but this passed.

  How they did enjoy that drive! It
seemed unnecessary for them to waste
time in getting acquainted. It was as if
their friendship had begun when he was
born.
748

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

  “ Oh,” she reflected, as his little paw
returned a pressure from her slender,
taper-fingered hand (from which the
glove had been removed), “he loves me
at first sight! ” Within a quarter of an
hour, she thought: - “ He will be happy
when he finds I am to be his step-
mother ! ”

  His already very high opinion of her
rose even higher after they had left the
carriage and were standing on the lawn
at the side of her big house—square,
brick, and also gray—when she looked at
him and said:

  “ I hope you’re not a quiet boy.”

  This was her charming manner of tak-
ing the bull by its two horns. His father,
it will be remembered, had warned her
on this subject. Really she was not a
worshiper of noise, but—

  “ I can be quiet,” he replied.

  “ Don’t dare to here! ” she cautioned.

  “ I’d much rather not,” he made ad-
mission.

  “ I’m glad,” said she. “ Please let me
hear you yell.”

  He merely stood amazed.

  “Can’t you?” she curiously asked as
if she doubted his ability.

  “ Of course I can,” said he.

  He looked at her obliquely, wonder-
ing. He knew quite well, from things
which had been said to him from time
to time by others, that when he really
yelled so that there was any fun in it,
the noise was loud enough to split a
body’s ears. Exactly those words had
been used to him. He essayed a timid
piping.

  “ That’s not a real boy-yell,” said she.
“ Is it the best that you can do? ” She
spoke as if she had been disappointed.

  “No-um,” he admitted; “but your
head would ache.”

  “Sonny,” she replied (the little rascal
had bewitched her), “no. My heart
would ache if you were not a real, true
boy! ”

  Well! It made him tickle—’way in-
side somewhere — a yearning sort of
tickle. But you can’t describe those
things.

  He yelled—yelled with a slow, shrill
earnestness, beginning with his lungs
packed full and ending with them so
empty that they fairly ached. He neg-
lected no small art which careful study

of the process had revealed to him, and
topped off with a sort of yodel, created
by the plumping of his hollowed hand
against his mouth, at intervals.

  His proud mind heard a Choctaw
war-whoop in the sound resulting. Pier-
cing, ear-splitting, nerve-racking, it was
a masterpiece, that yell was, and he knew
it. Jim never could have come within
a mile of it! He looked at the gray
lady, fearful that she would show some
sign Of great distress, but (for the
thoughts that she must make him long
to have her wed his father, and that she
doubly wished to, now that she had met
the son, were stronger in her heart than
was the ringing in her ears) she only
said:

  “ That’s very good, indeed—the best
I’ve ever heard; but this place is big
and empty, and you must yell often, if
you are to keep it full of boy-sound. I
really must insist that you shall keep it
full of boy-sound. Maybe, as you prac-
tise, you can yell yet louder and with
more vim! ”

  He almost doubted that he heard
aright, but stood there, silenced, unable
to make comment.

  “Won’t you yell again, please?” she
implored with eager voice and eyes, but
timid, shrinking ears.

  As he complied with this request there
came a look upon his face, turned fully
toward her as he yelled, which made her
feel as if life had given her a gift. Oh,
how utterly mistaken had she at first,
and then his father, been! She did not
mind the ringing in her ears. She men-
tally assured herself that it was pleasant.
Some pains, you know—

  Happy, hand in hand, they went into
her house.

  After dinner, through the dusk, as she
sat in the dim library with him, they
held hands a good deal. Elation grew
in her.

  Bernard went to bed at half after
eight in the small room next to hers.
Both opened from the ground-floor hall,
just opposite the two doors of the library.
She sat down before her desk to write
about her undoubted triumph to Ber-
nard’s father:

  I shall only need to enter heartily
  into all his boyish interests and sports.
MY I.ADY OF WINDMILLS.

749

  and show him that I love him—which I
  do. already. It will be what he would
  designate as “ Just as e-a-s-y ! " \\ ith-
  in a day or two “ stepmother ” will be
  bis dearest word. Why—

  A murmur from the youngster’s bed-
room interrupted her. Gould the little
chap be ill? She went to him and
leaned above his bed. No. He was
merely tired and talking brokenly in his
sleep.

  She bent close to his flushed face, as
it lay upon the pillow, with a plan for
softly kissing him awake. At that in-
stant his confused articulations became
clearer, and he said quite unmistakably:
“Run, Jim! Oh, run, run! A big
stepmother’s after yeh ! Oh—oh—she’ll
get yeh—she’ll—” '

  Her face was twisted into a compli-
cated tangle of emotion signs as she
gently shook him back to consciousness.
He turned lazily in bed. stretched com-
fortably as the happy knowledge that
he had merely dreamed the horror came
to him, smiled at her divinely, softly,
mistily, and looked into her brooding
eyes confidingly.

 “ I had a nawful dream.” he mur-
mured to her. “ Dreadful thing was
chasing Jim.”

  She sat there at his bedside, wallow-
ing in a soft hash of thoughts, until he
went to sleep again. Returning to the
library, she regarded, somewhat nloom-
ily, the words which she had written.

  She was dismayed. Still, she would
not change a word upon that still ink-
damp sheet—no! Finally she added,
though:

    But even if it should not prove to be
  so easy. I’m sure it can be done. Real
  love will win him over to our side.

  Here she paused for a few moments.
The youngster thus disposed of. there
were other things to write about, and
what she wished to say concerning one
of them did not quite appear to jibe
with facts. Eventually, however, she
reached a point where she believed that
she had found that which she desired to
write, and wrote it thus:

   And as for what you say about the
  doctor—I’ve thought about that, too. !t

  is absurd. He's very fond of me, of
  course, but it is more a father's fond-
  ness. lie is fifteen years my senior,
  and—

  A servant came to say that Dr. Foster
had dropped in. He often did when,
returning from some sick-room, he saw
her library still glowing. If the door
had not been locked, she would not have
had the warning. He would have mere-
ly entered.

  She talked to him in a sharp agony of
nervousness upon indifferent topics for a
few minutes. What wo! Bernard had
already destroyed all her belief in easy
victory with him; she actually prayed
that the second statement in that hope-
fully conceived letter might not, also, be
disproved ; but, noting with distress that
the doctor seemed to be ill at ease him-
self, she felt small hope of this.

  That Bernard was in bed and sound
asleep was a relief to her. She did not
wish to have the doctor learn just then
about his presence in her home. Should
he discover it, the crisis would be instant-
ly precipitated, she felt sure, and she had
already suffered too much strain to make
it possible for her to meet a crisis well.
Then she comforted herself.

  He could not learn of it unless she told
him. He would scarcely dare to search
her bedrooms. She assured herself of
this with sharp self-ridicule.

  As he sat. the doctor faced the back
wall of the low-ceiled, dim, delightful
room. She sat so .that she could get
what comfort she could find in brief, oc-
casional glances through a window out
into the beauty of the night. Their con-
versation was a fencing bout.

  Suddenly he stopped short in the mid-
dle of a sentence. With staring eyes,
with one hand grasping each arm of his
chair, with gasps, he rigidly arose.

  “ What in the world ? ” he stammered,
as if glimpsing ghosts.

  She turned.

  Like a white canton-flanneled statuette,
abashed to immobility because he saw a
stranger where he had thought she was
alone, Bernard gleamed there in the door-
way against the velvet blackness of the
hall beyond. Bad dreams again had
roused him.

  The doctor—after she had gone to the
750

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

small boy, administered some comfort in
the hall, more in the bedroom where no
stranger’s eyes could see, and come back
blushing furiously into the library—ex-
claimed :

  “So Jim Martin’s son is staying here!
Jim Marlin’s son ! ”

  The trouble with the doctor was that
she could never feel quite certain that she
read his manner rightly. Now she
strove to do so, but was baffled. There
were always snorts in what the doctor
said.

  There were those among his younger
patients who spoke of him in private as
the “ war-horse.” Were the sounds with
which he favored her to-night but efforts
to make lightly merry with her, or had
they some deep, inner meaning—of dis-
tress, regret, resentment ?

  He did not enlighten her. For a
time he sat there, almost silent. Later
he showed a tendency to talk of old-time
happenings. Much as he had out in the
garden, he spoke again of how the years
were passing over them. Was this the
beginning of a burst of sentiment? .she
asked herself and shuddered.

  The situation frightened her, and, be-
ing indoors, she had nowhere to run away
to. Then she had bolted from the gar-
den to the house; but now, at night, it
would not do to flee from house to gar-
den. She was certain of his plan, saw
plainly just how he was leading up to it.
No defense was open to her except mere
verbal battling, at which she was far
from clever.

  Their talk became a fight, in which
he strove to force some words upon her
ears, and lie was much more skilled than
she in the use of weapons then available.
Realizing this, she resorted to the tactics
of the desperate. She would not let him
finish out a sentence. Twice again he
definitely declared that their lives were
slipping rapidly away.

  Each time she, almost rudely, went to
look out through a window. When, at
last, he rose to go, it was in the air that
that which he had come to say remained
unsaid; that he was much annoyed; that
she was on the verge of tears. His last
words, spoken at the door, reverted to the
boy, and the tone in which they rumbled
out from under his mustache was assured-
ly intensely vicious, she reflected.

   Suspecting her love for the father, he
detested the small boy, she thought. His
voice fairly made her tremble, and she
could not break his sentence.

   “ So Jim Martin’s son is staying here! ”
he said. “Jim Martin’s son! Oh-ho!”

   Returning to her desk, she slowly tore
into small pieces the letter she had writ-
ten. Then she prepared to go to bed.

  The house was very quiet. She knew

110	other caller would appear that night,
for it was nearly eleven o’clock. All the
servants were in bed.

   The evening had been chill, and in the
grate the embers of a fire were glowing.
Sometimes in such circumstances she un-
dressed there, and, wrapped warmly, sat
dreaming by the hearth an hour. This
she did to-night; but, of course, they
were not placid dreams she dreamed.

  The burden of such poor comfort as
she could find in them was that, at least,
by chumming with the boy she might
eventually — at some distant date — win
him. What to do about the doctor,
though, she was powerless to decide.

  Oh, she mourned, did the Gray Lady,
for the bereft old doctor! Had not all
her fears been justified, and more? For
the moment she achieved an almost pleas-
urable thrill from the reflection that Ber-
nard’s father must admit that she was
right concerning him.

  Was she his Lady of Windmills?
She fancied not. This, however, was a
boomerang, since their interests were mu-
tual. How she sighed as she sat there
by the fire!

V.

  One of the things which she had
learned about her little guest was that he
loved to have a bowl of milk and plate
of bread waiting in his room for a last
lunch at bedtime; and so, of course, he
had found them there that night. After
he had learned that they would be there
he had pondered 011 the matter; and,
touched by this detailed thoughtfulness,
had figured out the application of the
Golden Rule to it. He had discussed
this admirable guide for conduct with her
during the afternoon; and so, just be-
fore his bedtime came, had. called upon
the cook and begged extra portions of his
evening favorites from her.

  Into the bowl of milk he had then
MY LADY OF WINDMILLS.

751

crumbled enough of the crisp bread to
brim it, for he himself liked to have his
bread first well soaked up before he
tackled it. The two slices which re-
mained he placed upon a plate for her,
material for a second crumbling. By that
day’s last, fading light had he placed that
bowl and plate upon the floor beside her
bed to make a glad surprise for her.

  He was so very fond of bread and milk
at night that he was certain she would be
as pleased as Punch. Hours before she
sank down by the fire to dream, to grieve,
there in the library, he had prepared this
feast for her.

  Until nearly midnight she sat musing
by the flickering fire. Finally, finding
that her thoughts were leading nowhere,
but were traveling small circles, coming
ever back to the physician’s preference—
the small boy’s prejudice — she herself
considered bed. Without turning on the
lights within her bedroom, she stepped
confidently across the thick, familiar
rugs and neared her massive, four-post
couch.

  Bernard, in the next room, was dream-
ing very pleasantly when she plunged her
slim, bare foot into the icy pulp which
he had mixed there in the bowl; and,
springing with amazing vigor out of this
tiny, frigid foot - bath, landed with the
other foot upon the plate of bread, from
which wholly unexpected contact she re-
coiled so energetically and one - sidedly
that at length she quite collapsed upon
the floor.

  Her wild shrieks roused the boy, and
instantly he thought of burglars. The
thought frightened him; but he knew
that all men must be brave and rescue
women when they are distressed; so, in
his flapping night-drawers, he rushed to
succor her with a baseball-bat — a gift
from her—which chanced to be beside
his bed.

  His face was very white, his teeth were
chattering, and the bat shook in his
hands—for he had never started out to
fight a burglar in all his life before—but
he stood by her very sturdily as the light
flared up, and asked almost steadily:

 “Where is he?” Then he added:
“ I’ll fix him! ”

  She looked at him with wild, strange
eyes for just a second; and then thanked
him very prettily for his offer of protec-

tion, and said hastily that nothing in the
world but woman’s silliness had caused
her fright—for she had caught a glimpse
of the real cause, and with lightning-like
rapidity had figured out about what really
had happened.

  Not for the world would she have told
him. She swore, with solemn face, that
she often had such turns when getting
into bed.

  When, just as she was saying this, the
frightened servants flocked about the ^
door, having been wakened by her
shrieks and the thudding of her capers,
she waved them off without an explana-
tion. She reflected, as she said and did
these things, that nothing in her life’s
experience had required such frequent
exhibitions of self-mastery, made such
demand for lies, as did this effort to
prepare the road to matrimony.

  “ And—and thank you so much for
thinking of the bread and—I am afraid
that, in my fright, I have upset the
bowl! ” she said to Bernard.

  She still gasped at intervals.

  “ I shall feel quite safe, hereafter,
with you near,” she added hastily.

  Her praise made him feel almost
grown-up.

  Then she grasped him in her arms
and pulled him close. Her loose sleeves
fell back so that she clasped him with
bare arms, and he could feel her heart
beat as she sat upon the bed-edge and
held him.

  As she pressed his yielding little body
tight, instinctive mother-love welled up
in her strongly, and as he answered her
caresses, child - love thrilled in him,
until he lay there happily, the quick
breathing of his conquered terror ceas-
ing ; and yearning, deep affection for her
occupying all his thoughts.

  For a moment they remained thus.

 “ Wouldn’t you like to have a
mother, Bernard ? ” she said pleadingly.

  “ If only I could have,” he said no
less intensely.

  She smiled ecstatically. In the very
moment when she had thought about de-
feat. here victory came, through the
sweet agency of this fine emotion!

  Within two seconds she was looking
forward in exquisite reverie to years of
nurturing care for this delightful young-
ster. Then he said, with a small sigh:
752

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

  “ Having mothers must be awful
splendid. I’ve read lots about it. It’s
as nice, I guess, as having step-ones is
dis’greeable.”

  She herself sighed now. Her eyes
filled slowly. There was pathos in the
little chap’s position in the world, she
■told herself.

  She took him to his room and waited
while he fell once more into a refreshing
slumber.

VI.	•>

  In the morning she was quite de-
pressed when she woke up; but, lying
there in bed, she argued with herself
until she had concluded that, at least,
her worries of the night before about
the doctor had been, perhaps, unjus-
tified.

  Deep within her heart lurked contra-
diction of this comfortable thought; but
she would not admit it to her mind.
Also, she fought against consideration
of Bernard’s views on stepmothers.
Fatuously she argued that, when first
expressed, they had been but vaporings
of a nightmare, and dreams always went
by contraries; that, when he had voiced
them for the second time when he was
wide-awake, he had not thought about
her, personally, in connection with his
ready condemnation.

  Thus, fighting for a glimpse at the
bright side, she finally convinced herself
that there was one.

  When she swept into the small boy’s
bedroom to arouse him, she was full of
confidence, and lo! as he awoke, her con-
fidence became conviction; for he looked
up at her, bright-eyed and smiling, all
happiness, fresh affection, welcome.

  Volatile, wishing to be reassured, she
joyed as she sat opposite the handsome,
gentle-mannered little lad at breakfast.
She crunched her toast, believing that
the problem Providence had given her
to solve was, after all, absurdly simple.

  She put the night aside with resolu-
tion. What a gay to-day they’d have—
she and the small boy! What pleased
him should be her pleasure; what inter-
ested him should absorb her thoughts;
they would be comrades.

  No, that was not expressive, quite—
they would be chums. She would join

him at his games as well as share his
quiet hours; so far as possible, she
would transform herself into his men-
tal twin. Love and sympathy would
surely conquer him.

  Alas for the Gray Lady! She did
not know small boys, nor had she read
the hint concealed in the great yell,
first ceremony of his visit. Trium-
phantly, this morning, she pointed to a
pile of packages, fresh wrapped, from
the stores.

  What wealth of games was there!
Checkers, chess, parchesi, and half a
dozen other boards, with sundry pack-
ages of wondrous cards designed to
cheat the young into welcoming with
laughter gulps of sugar-coated knowl-
edge about authors, trees, birds, ani-
mals. He looked at all these things
with interest which she tried not to see
was quite perfunctory; he praised them
with enthusiasm which she strove to
think was not politeness; but still his
eyes, as she gazed at them anxiously,
assuredly were lacking in that bright,
glad light which she had told herself
would shine in them when first their
glances fell upon these treasures.

  With a strangely solemn mien, made
almost pitiful by forced smiles, he
played a game or two with her — and
then asked her to be certain not to let
his presence interfere with any of her
ordinary plans. She was much disap-
pointed, but tried bravely not to show it.

  She wofully admitted to herself that
he was bored. This would not do, she
told herself, if she would win him over.
How could she interest him? A dread-
ful thought was growing in her mind
that she must romp; but she was game.

  “ Yes,” she said, deriding her own
carefully planned schemes when the con-
viction had struck home to her that they
were failures, “ these games are good
enough ; but, after all, they’re not real
fun, are they?”

  “ They’re very nice,” he said politely.

■	“ But don’t you think,” said she, “ that
they are just a little stupid? One has to
sit so still at games of this sort.”

  “ Perhaps they’re not so full of fun
as Indians,” said he. “ I mean, as play-
ing massacre and scalping enemies; but,
here in the city, perhaps we’d better not
play Indians. I know a lively way to
MY LADY OF WINDMILLS.

-753

scalp you, though. It almost never
hurts.

  “ Often, when I’ve scalped Jim, he’s
told me, afterward, that he’s yelled just
so’s to be polite; that, really, I didn’t
even pull. But if you should put a
feather-duster handle down your back
and run around outside and war-
whoop, folks going by would stare, as
like as not.”

  “ I’m just a bit afraid they might,”
said she; “but there must be some
pleasant game which wouldn’t be so—
so noticeable. Can’t you think of any?
That’s one reason, don’t forget, why I
wished you so to come. It’s so hard for
women, all alone, to find amusements.”

  For a speculative second he looked at
her and hesitated. Would the proposi-
tion which he had in mind find favor in
her eyes? Finally he ventured it.

  The moment he had entered her house
first the opportunity for the sport had
caught his eye. The ground floor was
divided into even quarters by two halls,
which crossed it at right angles, like the
marks you make in tit-tat-to. He men-
tioned the fine floors of these broad, dig-
nified old passages.

  “ My! ” said he. “ They’re just like
ice! ”

  That gave her the suggestion, as he
had thought it would.

  “ I wonder,” she said bravely (al-
though those floors were as the apples
of her eyes, and lo! many serving-maids
had been driven from her house for
having marred their polish), “if one
could slide on them. Try it! ”

  It will be noted that she really
wished him to be happy with her, really
wished to wed his father.

  He looked at her uncertainly. He
knew, from more than one authority,
that sliding in the house would be very
much too noisy. He mentioned this to
her; but, after conquering a brief sec-
ond of very great relief, she derided the
idea.

  “ Why, I should like the noise, and I
am very certain it wouldn’t hurt the
floors,” she said mendaciously.

  But, as he moved to get a good, long
start, the peril of the polish overcame
her, and she clutched him anxiously.
Very quickly, though, remembering, -she
whispered to him, with the air of a con-

    12	S

spirator, just as Jimmy Artie always
whispered when they were playing pi-
rates and an imaginary merchant vessel
appeared upon the fancied horizon:

  “ Take off your shoes, and slide in
just your stocking-feet! ”

And those floors were just like ice!
He begged her to participate in this
amusement. She gasped; but then, re-
membering, she said with heart aquiver:
“ You see how I have needed to have
a .boy about! ”

  He knelt down and took her shoes off,
and she slid. She admitted to herself,
as soon as the first terror of a tumble
passed, that it was fun, for she slid nice-
ly. W'hat charm there was in chumming
with a child!

  Fears and years were falling from
her, even as the hairpins from her hair.
And then, upon a later trial, something
other than the fears and years began to
fall—and finished falling. The whole
world seemed to tilt—then, bump!

  Instantly the boy gave gift of good
advice.

  “ Wink fast,” said he, “ and grip un-
til your nails bite in.”

  “Why?” she asked pathetically, as
she sat upon the ice.

  “ It’ll help you not to holler,” he re-
plied.

  “ It does help,” she admitted, after
trying it.

  Suddenly she was impelled to whirl,
for a gruff voice said, behind her:

  “ Perhaps I’d better bring some lini-
ment. I have some in the gig.”

  The doctor stood there in the open
doorway, observing the performance
gravely. His mouth was firmly set in
a thin line, which made his bristling
mustache form a thatch above his lower
beard. There were strange glitters in
his eyps.

  Anxiously she tried, as she sat upon
the floor, to find interpretation of his
utterly immobile face. Finally she read
reproach in it; and, -for the boy, she
thought she saw aversion there. He
did not even look at him.

  She did not stop to think that, really,
she formed, in that unconventional posi-
tion, a sight designed to quite monopo-
lize attention. She did not answer him
with words, but her fine face replied
with surges of rich color. She made no
754

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

effort to get up. Confusion bound her
limbs.

  “ Marcella,” the'doctor said to her at
last—and, as he spoke, she thought she
saw the lighting of his eyes change soft-
ly to a soft, rich glow, to her not less
than terrifying—“ I’d like to speak to
you alone for a few moments.”

  Then there came a twinkle to his eyes
which she resented, although her fears
were quite too great to let her think
about that much. “ Shall we,” he con-
tinued, “ step into your library, or shall
I join you on the floor?”

  She shrank into a huddled heap,
despairing, not even noticing the fine
sarcasm of his last suggestion.

  As she held nervously to Bernard’s
outstretched hand — the doctor did not
even offer to help her to get up—the
door-gong at the other end of the long
hall boomed in soft, rich reverberation.
She scrambled. Bernard tugged. She
rose.

  “ In just a moment, doctor. Let me
see, first, who is at the door,” said she.

  The doctor said he much regretted
that a caller should have come to inter-
rupt them, but he did not use those
words: and stopped strangely in the
midst of his remarks upon the subject
when he saw who the caller was.

  “ You-all must be a-na-a-appin’,”
came in the charming, softly Southern
drawl of Miss Prue Flanders as the
door was opened.

  And when she really entered, the doc-
tor was no longer there, having made
his exit through the garden-door.

 That evening the Gray Lady and
Bernard tarried in the library, a room
so aptly lighted that,/- while its tables
were quite flooded with soft radiance
for reading when one wished to read,
it still held charming shadows, placid
and encouraging to thought.

  She needed outer shadows for her
thoughts that night; for through them
rioted an inner glare of auto-accusa-
tion, bright, merciless, and painful.
Bernard, for the time, was quite for-
gotten. The doctor’s sad, accusing
eyes, photographed upon her thoughts,
peered at her continually.

  What right had she? What right?
Why had her pleasant friendship for

John Martin deepened into love? Why
could they be satisfied no longer with
it as it had been? Why did her strong,
awakened soul and his cry out so
irresistibly for marriage? It would
break the doctor’s heart! She moved
uneasily among many cushions. She
favored softly cushioned chairs, that
evening, for perfectly good reasons.
Why—

  “ It’s very pleasant here with you,”
remarked the boy.

  Her mind now left the doctor and
twined itself around Bernard. And as
she looked at him she could not quite
believe she was not making headway
with him.

  How she longed for him! Almost
she cried within her soul that she cared
more to have him for her little son than
she cared to be his father’s wife. She
wholly realized, too, that while her
heart might conceivably lead her to
forego her marriage to save the boy
from pain, 110 consideration for the doc-
tor abode in it intense enough to make
her willing to deny herself the joy of
a vicarious motherhood to Bernard.

  “ But,” she reflected, “ if, when I am
married to his father, Bernard shrinks
from me and is afraid, my heart will
simply break! ”

  She inquired if he would much ob-
ject to kisses, sometimes, when there
might be apparently 110 especial reason
for them.

  “ I mean, quite often,” she continued;
“ not just when we part and meet, and
things like that.”

  “ I should hate it with most folks,”
he said with earnest honesty; “ but you
may, if you like, when we’re alone.”

  So affectionate he was, and quite
plainly much in love with her! The
little episode consoled her wonderfully.
Even more volatile than usual because
of its prolonged disturbance, her mind,
for a moment now, entirely forgot about
the doctor’s big, grieved eyes. She re-
membered them as mirroring deep grief.
She gave rein to the conviction that 110
lad of tender years like him, Bernard,
could have achieved a prejudice so
strong that such love as he had plainly
formed for her would be too weak to
best it.

  She filled her eager arms with him,
MY LADY OF WINDMILLS.	755

and held him light against her breast,
emotionally. He pressed his cheek into
the hollow of her neck lwlow her
thrilled and happy ear. '

  Ah! She saw quite plainly that his
prejudice could not be strong enough to
nullify such love. At last she felt quite
certain that all that she need do was
to declare her wishes to him. Imbued
with such a love for her, he would right
happily hail news that she and his dear
father were to join in holy matrimony.

  She had conquered him! As she
reached this fine conclusion, he made
further comment.

   “ Yes,” he said, “ it’s very nice when
we’re alone, like this. Mrs. Artie never
kisses Jim when they’re alone, he says;
but she’s just always at it when they’re
out among folks. But, then, .she’s a
stepmother! It makes it awful for him.
Don’t you think so?”

  It was like a dash of icy water on a
sleeper’s face.

■	She tried to bring herself to argue
with him. to explain that stepmothers
might differ; she tried to tell him that
she wished to be his stepmother. But
she deferred announcement of these glad,
glad tidings once again.

  She hugged him tightly. What if,
learning of her perfidy, he should wish
to leave her arms? She shuddered, and
he asked her why.

  “ I think it’s just because I am so
fond of you,” said she.

  “ How—how different you are from
a stepmother! ” he remarked, and snug-
gled.

  After that, of course, she could not
speak. A great, bewildering fear began
to grow in her that she ought to give
his father up.

  Anxiously she put queries to herself.
Was not Bernard’s prejudice too strong
to ever down? Had it not become a
superstition ?

  One who reads in history, as she did
of winter evenings, knows that super-
stitions do not die in individuals. They
may die with generations; but he who
once believes in'ghosts will shudder at
ghost stories as long as he may live, no
matter how complete may be his proofs
that ghosts are fictional. Was not the
boy’s conviction that stepmothers were
vicious of this sort?

  Could he ever, let come what days of
happiness and love might, be purged of
it? Clearly, it would shock him inex-
pressibly to find that she who had un-
doubtedly found place within his heart
had crept there, like a thief at night, to
rob. Would it not be wiser for her and
her beloved—make no mistake about
her love for Bernard’s father; it was
not less real because it came near sun-
set—to regard this, and make sacrifice
to it?

  Her arms tightened about the lad.
How relaxed his little body was!
What an attitude of trust, dependence,
it had fallen into!

  Why, he was asleep! She turned his
face up gently with her long, soft hand
without awaking him, and looked down
at him. Soft hair, in little curls, cling-
ing to a dampened forehead; sturdy
eyebrows, thick, bold—she could see his
father in those eyebrows; eyelids droop-
ing calmly, peacefully, delicate, fine-
veined.

  How his lips had parted, revealing
strong little teeth, in just the-semblance
of a smile! Placid brow, serene, con-
tented, and sheltering, perhaps, sweet
dreams of her not as a stepmother, but
as a beloved friend! Could she deceive
him? No.

   With infinite care she bore him to the
cushioned couch, arranging his limp
limbs there comfortably. Noiselessly
she closed a window so that no draft
might touch him. Then she softly
spread a silken coverlet over him with
light, caressing touches, and moved away
on tiptoe.

  She was determined now. The
morning of his life should not be
dimmed by even the shadow of a hor-
rible, mistaken dream! She sat down
at her desk and wrote of this decision
to his father, proposing that, although
she could not marry him, as she had
promised to, he share his boy with her.
She traced slowly, and with a feeling
that this was a very generous proposition,
these words:

    You may have him in vacations, and
  I will have him for the school months.
  There are more school advantages here
  in the city, even if your country home
  is lovely. It is with a dreadful pain that
  I renounce our dear, dear dreams, but
756

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

  it is best for him. We, of all the
  world—we who lcve him so—must not
  embitter him.

  And more of the same sort.

  She tried to picture in her mind the
look of Bernard’s father when he read
that letter, but she could not, at first.
Then, as the vision slowly came, she
stopped trying, for, even with her mind’s
eye, she disliked to see unpleasant sights.

  She put the letter in an envelope;
sealed, stamped, addressed it. Then she
found a summer wrap, and gathered it
about her shoulders. After that she
went as far as the front gate, deter-
mined to drop the letter into the post-
box.

  At the gate she turned and looked
back through the softly lighted window
of the room which she had left. Some-
thing had disturbed the boy, and he was
standing there in the dim glow, trailing
his coverlet behind him as the priests of
old trailed their robes.

  She did not wish to have him find
himself alone and be affrighted. She
hurried back to him, with the unmailed
letter in her hand.

VII.

  Dawn found her weary from an al-
most sleepless night. The daylight
brought cat-naps to her, as the hour for
rising will to most of us. When she
finally rose, Bernard had been given his
breakfast by the servants and was stroll-
ing about the lawn demurely. She
watched him from her window. He
was far distant from the house; but
more than onee she saw him glance to-
ward it apprehensively and then go far-
ther from it, walking on tiptoe.

  “ Dear little chap, he is afraid of
waking me,” she rightly thought.

  This sign of his affection almost over-
came her, for her mental state was some-
what flabby. Tears welled into her eyes,
and softened even their soft gray, as
feathery mists will dim, but not entire-
ly obscure, the soft Scotch sunshine’s
golden gleam. She looked at the letter,
now lying on the table by her .bed, and
dolorously sighed.

  “ I must get it to the mail before I
tear it up,” she told herself.

  But lunch-time came along and found
it still reposing on her desk, and with
the end of luncheon came the doctor.
Bernard, to the hostess’s relief, was out
of doors again.

  Almost immediately after he had en-
tered, the doctor brought confusion to
her by remarking that he had been care-
ful to announce his coming, fearing that
if he did not, he might intrude when
she was on the floor, or something.

  “ Since that boy has been here,” he
said grumblingly, “ I should not be sur-
prised if I should find you turning
handsprings on the roof. Jim. Martin’s
son ! O-ho ! ”

   She was dreadfully confused.

  “ But I must waste no time on him,”
he went on briskly. “ I have better
things to talk about. The other day I
tried to tell you, and was interrupted.
That has happened twice, in fact. To-
day, I really must get it off my mind.
You and I, Marcella, have known each
other all your life and, say, two-thirds
of mine. It was three months ago that
I first became quite certain of my feel-
ings, and I ought to have explained
them to you then; but—”

  She was in an agony, wondering how
she could once more stem the current
of his declaration. Her hands twitched
in her lap, and so keen was her distress
at thought of letting him speak on, and
force the inevitably painful explanation
on her, that her lips were all a tremble.
Ah, how woful it all was!

  Oh, why had this beloved friend let
the calm and fatherly affection which
had been so dear to her, and which she
had returned with a daughter’s fond re-
gard, change into more demanding love?
She wished to jump up from the chair
and run, but could not.

  Once she had fled from him—twice
she must not do it. Oh, why was this
task thrust upon her? Why—

  She sat and prayed. As if in answer
sent from heaven direct, came the door-
gong’s soft, dull boom.

   “ Confound that bell! ” remarked the
doctor.

  “Hasn’t it the richest tone?” she
cried. “ Have I ever told you? It was
made in India! ”

   He looked at her, astonished.

  “Don’t I know that?” he asked,
MY LADY OF WINDMILLS.

757

complainingly and wonderingly. “ I
bought it in Bombay, and brought it to
you! ”

  She was confused.

  “ Why, so you did,” said she, and
hurried to the door, determined to be
under way before the servant came to
open it.

  Miss Prue Flanders was again the
caller, and was much astonished when
her hostess threw her arms about her
neck and kissed her. Such was not the
usual manner of the Gray L’ady.

  While she lavished kisses upon Ber-
nard, she was not at all the sort which
casts them, unasked, at the lips of wom-
en friends. Miss Flanders, though, was
much delighted by this fine mark of
affection, and returned it with enthu-
siasm.

  The Gray Lady was astonished as she
saw what seemed to her to be quick,
understanding glances pass between the
doctor and Miss Flanders as she ush-
ered her into the library. Could it be
that they two were in league?

  Almost immediately this suspicion
was confirmed, and startlinglv, by Miss
Flanders’s soft, rich, drawling question,
worded carelessly, as everything she said
was, as she found a seat and gracefully
sank into it:

  “ Well, docteh, have yo’ spoken out
yo’ little piece yet ? ”

  The doctor’s answer almost was ex-
plosive.

  “No, I haven’t!” he declared.

  Merrily Miss Flanders laughed as his
broad back disappeared at once, without
a word of courteous farewell.

  Almost always, in the past, when she
had laughed like that in that house, her
hostess had laughed with her, for Miss
Flanders’s was a most contagious gur-
gle, such as is born only in those native
to the region southward of the vanished
line; but this day the lady of the house
was far too worried to find any laugh
contagious.

  “What did the doctor mean? What
did you mean?” she cried.

  Miss Inlanders kept on laughing.

  “ Ah have told him,” she replied at
last, “ that Ah would neveh tell yo’, an’
All woan’t. Ah have said lie must; he
must! ”

  This revealed a brand-new phase of

character in the doctor, the Gray Lady
reflected. Why should he have tried to
get another to express his love for her?

  Then she considered that the vaga-
ries of bashfulness, as inspired by love,
are many, and are, sometimes, inex-
plicable. But if the doctor had con-
fided in Miss Flanders, should not she
do so also? Thus some end of the
dilemma might be reached. She began
an explanation. It was difficult to do
so, because Miss Flanders, from her girl-
hood, had been inclined to take things
lightly; but the necessity for help from
some one was so great that the Gray
Lady overlooked this fact and went
ahead. Having finished, she turned to
her companion with appeal.

  She found a look upon her face so
different from any she had ever seen
there in her life before that she was al-
most startled by it. Miss Flanders
seemed to be disposed to swallow some-
thing very much too large to swallow,
and to be choking 011 it. Believing this
to be a sign of pending tears, the Gray
Lady was alarmed.

  “What is it, dear?” said she. She
added timidly, somewhat startled by the
thought which that very moment came
to her for the first time :• “ You—you
are not—have not—oil, my dear, don’t
say that vou’re in love with Bernard’s
father, too!”

  If that complication had occurred,
then must she just give up! She never
could endure to wreck another life.

   “ Oh, no,” Miss Flanders said at last.
“ Ali’m—Ah’m thinkin’ of the docteh.”

  “ Will it — will it grieve him very
much ? ”

  Miss Flanders’s face was turned away.

  “ Ah reckon,” she began, speaking a
little indistinctly, “ that he—he told me
he had tried repeatedly to speak to yo’
alone, but that you faihly struggled to
avoid him, an’ Ah doubted him! ”

  “Oh, he did!” said the Gray Lady.

   Miss Flanders was still, quite plainly,
struggling with some great, unnamed
emotion. “ So—so he has neveh made
a decla’ation ? ” she inquired.

  “ No,” said the Gray Lady. “I.have
prevented that.”.

    Let’s—let’s take a walk an’—an’—
an’ talk it oveh,” said Miss Flanders,
steadying her voice.
758

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

  The Gray Lady was relieved by this
suggestion. Her heart was very sore
indeed, at thought of all the sorrow
which her love-affair had given rise to.

  On the walk, however, Miss Flanders
seemed to quite recover her good spirits,
and encouraged her to talk. The Gray
Lady told her absolutely all—more de-
tails of her fears about the doctor,
first; then of her efforts to convert Ber-
nard by chumming with him. She even
told about the great slide in the hall,
and about the bread and milk.

  “ Ah heard aboot the slahd,” Miss
Flanders said.

  “ Who in the world—” began the
Gray Lady.

  “ The docteh mentioned it,” Miss
Flanders said. “ He said yo’ seemed to
be uneasy-like, when yo’ were sittin’ on
the flo’.”

  “If only," the Gray Lady said, “the
doctor had fallen into love with you! ”
“ Y-e-s,” said Miss Flanders. “ If he
only h-a-d! ”

  Her companion looked at her, sur-
prised. “ You don't mean—” she ex-
claimed, and stopped.

  “ Y-e-s,” said Miss Flanders, appar-
ently not abashed by her confession, but
breathing perhaps a trifle harder than
at ordinary times. “ Ah’ve been in love
with him fo’ yeahs.”

  “ Oh ! " said the Gray Lady. “ Oh,
you poor, poor thing! ”

  “ Ah don’t mind a bit,” Miss Flan-
ders said.

  “ You don’t mind! ” said the Gray
Lady incredulously.

  “No, Ah don’t,” replied Miss Flan-
ders. “ Ah don't mind. Ah want him
to be happy. All’ll tell yo’ what Ah
think, Ma’cella: if Ah weh you, Ah
wouldn’t ma’y him. If yo’ ah really in
love with Behnahd’s fatheh, why—”

  “ An’ the doctor never, really, has
asked me,” said the Gray Lady.

  “ Y-e-s,” said Miss Flanders. “ That
is anothch reason. That is a splendid
reason.” Then she changed the sub-
ject. “ But Behnahd is a dif’ent prob-
lem, isn’t lie?”

  “ It is so unfortunate,” said the Gray
Lady. “ I thought that if I chummed
with him—”

  “Yes,” said Miss Flanders, “Ah
should have thought so, too.”

  The Gray Lady laughed a little sorrily.

  “ His father doesn’t understand,” said
she. “ He thinks that I imagine difficul-
ties. You seem to realize.”

  “ Ah think Ah do a little,” said Miss
Flanders. “ What is it that he called
yo’ ? ”

  “ His—his Lady of Windmills! ” said
the Gray Lady, in a tone which begged
for sympathy.

  “How—insultin’!” said Miss Flan-
ders. “ How insultin’ in the suhcum-
stances! ”

  The Gray Lady, who during her re-
cital had been very near to tears, looked
up a little comforted.

  “ An’ so yo’ have been chummin’ right
along with Behnahd,” said Miss Flan-
ders, encouraging further speech.

  “ I have been trying to.”

  “ Wheah is he now ? ”

  “ In—in the carriage-house, I think,”
said the Gray Lady, her mind whirling,
her heart beating very rapidly in the pres-
ence of such great unselfishness, her eyes
fixed upon Miss Flanders with a new,
admiring look in them. “ Oh, my dear!
My dear! ” she said to her.

   Don’t mind me,” Miss Flanders an-
swered bravely. “ Let’s go an’ find that
boy. Ah want to have a good look at
a child with such detehmination. Ah
haven’t really noticed him befo’.”

  “ How could you see him without no-
ticing him?”

  “ He really is the one you love? ” Miss
Flanders said.

  “ Oh, I love them both—I love them
both ! ” said the Gray Lady.

VIII.

  The carriage-house had become quick-
ly, when he was not with his hostess, Ber-
nard’s favorite retreat about the place,
for reasons which its owner had not
guessed. Really, he had found it quite
a treasure - place of interesting objects.
Best of all its fascinating contents was
a round rod of hickory, extending be-
tween two upright beams, just where a
little jump would let him grip it nicely.

  It had been a pitchfork handle once,
and then a rack for hanging harness on;
and was highly polished.

  What an aid to acrobatics! The first
time he observed it he jumped for it im-
MY LADY OF WINDMILLS.

759

mediately. If you have ever been a boy,
you know what lie did then,, and you
know how he did it. He skinned the cat,
of course.

  There is nothing which can give a boy
more pleasure than this eccentric evolu-
tion, which is a revolution, too. And
this day, the moment he had gone into
the carriage-house, he had firmly grasped
the bar and arranged his body in that
ecstatic position which comes just as one
has thrust his legs up straight; so that,
if he bend them, the knees will hook
across the bar, you know; or, if he curls
them down and in a certain other way,
they will pass through, descend, and he
will land upon his feet again, after a
delightful twist of both his shoulder-
joints.

  It is great! Bernard paused while at
the trick, and hung there upside down.
He laughed aloud in pure boy joy.

  Then he thought he heard a call;. and
as he listened, waiting for a repetition of
it, knew that skirted creatures were at
the building's outer door. He dropped.
Entered the Gray Lady and Miss Flan-
ders.

   “ Oh, here you are! ” said his divinity,
and smiled, although the tears were' very
near her eyes.

  “ That pole,” said he, in explanation
of his presence there, “ is great to skin
the cat on.”

   For an instant horror showed upon her
face.

   “ Oh ! ” she said., “ Oh! Where is the
poor, poor creature ? ”

   Miss Flanders also made distress signs.
“ Did yo’ skin the cat alive, yo’ ho’id lit-
tle boy? ” said she.

   “ It isn’t real cats,” he replied, polite
despite her vehemence. “ It’s athuletics.”

  “ I don’t know what you mean! ” ex-
claimed the Gray Lady, relieved; “but
I was sure'you couldn’t be so cruel as
to—”

   “ I’ll show you,” he said gravely. “ It’s
nothing you could do, you know; but it’s
great to hang with your head down and
see the whole thing upside down; and
then go through, between your legs, and
see it in a frame! ”

   15oth ladies showed signs of surprise.

  “ Really? ” said the Gray Lady. “ Do
you find it interesting? But what—oh,
Bernard, you will hurt yourself.”

  He had assumed the posture he had
just referred to.

   “ Why, it’s just as e-a-s-y! ” he ex-
claimed. “ I’ve never fell.”

   He completed the turn slowly; repeat-
ed it with speed.

   It was plain that as he turned an idea
seized upon Miss Flanders. At first she
flushed ; then, almost, she paled. Then,
with that same peculiar choking mani-
festation which she had before exhibited
during the progress of this call she gave
voice to the idea.

   “ Yo’ know,” said she, in an aside to
the Gray Lady, “ yo’ said yo’ planned to
enteh into all his spo’ts an’ pastimes! ”

   At first her hostess did not catch her
meaning quite. She had it in a moment,
though, and turned upon Miss Flanders
a wildly startled glance.

   A vivid sparkle in Miss Flanders’s eyes
replied to this; and, for the first time
since the visitor had come, the worried
look quite vanished from the face of the
Gray Lady. Instead, there grew upon
it an expression gay and girlish, chal-
lenging. For the moment she was her
old self again.

   “ Will you, if I will?” she demanded,
She seemed to snatch at gaiety as if she
needed it.

  Miss Flanders’s voice was heard in
skeptic laughter. The Gray Lady turned
to Bernard.

   “ Bernard,” she said softly, “ will you
please go in to cook and say—”

  “ Don’t you let heh fool yo’, Beh-
nahd,” said Miss Flanders. “ She is
only—”

   “If you really want to skin the cat,”
said Bernard gravely, “ I had better stay
and show you how.”

  The Gray T.ady shook her head with
smiles. It was probably the desperation
of a sense of great defeat which made her
,ready for this reckless project.

   Bernard politely stepped outside and
closed the door behind him.

   “ Aren’t we silly? ’’ said the volatile
Gray Lady. “ But when his father
comes to-morrow I must confess that I
am—beaten. It relieves me to be fool-
ish.”

   “ It may also kill yo’ to be foolish—•
this way,” said Miss Flanders; “an’ me,
too. But 1 neveh take a daeli. Do you
daeh me? ”
760	THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

  “ Yes, I do! ” said the Gray Lady.

  Bernard, in the meantime, greatly
puzzled because he had been sent outside,
walked up and down before the carriage-
house. He had taken quite a few turns
on this short patrol when he was tremen-
dously delighted to see his father coming
through the gate, a full day ahead of
time.

  He started toward him. Then, as his
father turned between the posts, the boy
saw that walking with him was the doc-
tor. His father’s form at first had hid-
den him. Bernard was almost incensed.
That doctor was always turning up at
inconvenient times. Still, as he had not
seen his father for a long time, he ran to
greet him.

  “ Where is she?” asked his fathiy, re-
ferring to the Gray Lady, after he had
greeted Bernard with enthusiasm.

  Bernard rather hated to explain things
before the doctor—still, it was an inno-
cent amusement she had taken up. He
answered:

  “ Skinning the cat there in the car-
riage-house. Miss Flanders dared her to.”

  His father looked at him, aghast and
unbelieving. The doctor, at the mention
of Miss Flanders as her associate in this
brisk sport, apparently sustained some
shock.

  “What?” they said in chorus, as if
they had been trained.

  Suddenly shrill shrieks rushed through
the indicated building’s tight-shut doors.
Two excited female voices blended in
them, and they held dismay, distress, a
plea for help. Forward flew the three,
with Bernard in advance.

  He pushed the door wide open without
ceremony; and within, upon the floor,
sitting quite as she had landed when her
grasp upon the pole had given way, was
the Gray Lady. Leaning up against the
wall was Miss Prue Flanders, very slant-
ing, intent alternately upon the nursing
of a knee and ridicule of her distressed
companion.

  To her the doctor hastened, anxious.
Bernard’s father hurried to the Gray
Lady. Nor did he merely help her up.
He took her in his arms and kissed her
many times.

  “ Prue, are you injured? ” said the doc-
tor, in a voice ashake with great anxiety,
while this was going on.

  “ Mali pride and a few otheh little
things of mine ah bruised a little,” said
Miss Flanders, “ but Ah reckon it’s not

se’ious.”

  Then the doctor, observing the pro-
ceedings of the other two, kissed her.

  Bernard gazed, aghast. Miss Flan-
ders made wild protest.

  “ Ahthuh ! Ahthuh ! ” she exclaimed.
“ You stop! They don’t know a wolid
about it! ”

  “ Martin knows,” the doctor answered,
indicating Bernard’s father; “ and if she
does not, it’s her own fault.” He point-
ed to the Gray Lady. “ I’ve been trying
for some time to tell her, but she’s al-
ways cut me short.”

  Bernard’s father still supported the
Gray Lady. She needed his sustaining
strength, for she hung across his arms
quite limp; but paid no heed to him
whatever. All her attention was concen-
trated 011 the other two; and, as she
gazed, her lower jaw hung loosely.

  “ Wha’—wha’—” was all she said.

  She could not, in her then existing
mental state, add the “ t ’’ required to
make a word of the remark.

  “ Yes,” said the doctor, turning a
flushed face in her direction, “ I have
been trying to tell you. Prue, here, be-
lieved — why, she believed you were in
love with me, and made me promise I
would break ti.e dreadful news to you
myself. Between you women I’ve been
harried near to death.”

  “ Ah didn’t think so,” said Miss Flan-
ders, who was quite as merciless with
him as he had been with the Gray Lady.
She took from life what enjoyment might
be found in it, Miss Flanders did. “ Yo’
yo’sehf believed she was. Yo’ said so.
Yo’ believed, yo’ said, that that was what
it was that made heh act so. Afteh that
I said that it would be but the co’se of
honeh fo’ vo’ to—”

  “ He believed—you thought—” stam-
mered the Gray Lady, turning back and
forth — she did not have to turn far,
either—from the doctor’s eyes to those
of Miss Prue Flanders, fiercely blushing.
“ Why—why—why—”

  “ Well, Prue led me on! ” exclaimed
the doctor.

  “ All had to,” said Miss Flanders.
“ Yo’ weh so conceited! Fo’ yo’ to be
taken down was iicccssa’y.”
MY LADY OF WINDMILLS.

761

  “ You shut me up in some way,” said
the doctor, continuing to address the
Gray Lady, “ every time.”

 “ Ah know why," Miss Flanders
chuckled. “ Ah know why. Ah know.
She told me.”

  Quite a dreadful glare she had from
the Gray Lady then.

  “ Prudence Flanders,” said the latter,
“ if you once dare to say another word,
why—why—I never dreamed ! ”

  Soft, derisive laughter was her an-
swer, hut Miss Flanders did not tell.

  Suddenly the eyes of the Gray Lady
swung and caught a glimpse of Bernard.
For the instant he had been forgotten.
She looked at him, appalled; and, for
the first time since they had enclosed her,
she straightened wholly from his father’s
arms.

  “ Oh, Bernard ' Bernard ! ” she cried
quite fearfully. Would he turn away
from her with scorn and loathing now
that he had learned the truth ? -

  “ Better come and kiss your going-to-
be mother, Bernard,” said his father,
showing no diplomacy whatever and pay-
ing 110 attention to him after that. In-
stead, he turned to the two ladies and
remarked:

  “ Doc and I ran into one another near
the station; and we’ve got a plan fixed
up, if you girls agree to it. He wants
to go abroad to a convention of saw-
bones, and our scheme is to be married—

all of us—at once, and make a wedding-
trip of it.

  “ Bernard is at just about the age, too,
when he ought to have his first big look-
around. It will sort of fix a basis for
his future understanding of the world.
What do you think, Marcella?”

  But she had no eyes or ears for him
just then. They were all intent, with
fearful interest, upon the boy. For a
moment, listening, he had stood quite
dazed. Then he went to her and put his
hand out gravely.

  “ I am very glad,” he said, and plainly
meant it.

  She looked at him, bewildered.

  “ But I’ll be your stepmother,” said
she, anxious that he should not come to
her without a clear understanding of
their position.

  “ Oh,” said Bernard, “ that won’t mat-
ter in the least. You’ll be quite dif’rent.
You’re not a Russian ! ”

  She left his father altogether and took
the small boy in her arms. Later she
looked at the man she was to marry, and
confessed:

  “ I guess I am, John ! ”

  “ What ? ”

  “ Your Lady of Windmills.”

  He smiled at her and at his son con-
tentedly.

  “ But,” she added, “ so long as I am
yours — yours and Bernard’s — it doesn't
matter, does it ? ”

ASTER AND GOLDENROD.

 By Minna Irving.

 \ FAIR young queen upon her throne
 ** Looked down, in days of old,

 And kneeling at her feet beheld
 A knight with plumes of gold.

 Her ancient palace by the sea,

 Her scepter and her crown—

 She left them all to follow him,

   But kept her purple gown.

 See, yonder where the autumn’s torch
 Has burned the stubble bare,

 Still side by side they gaily go,

 The happy vagrant pair.

 She wears the royal purple yet,

   And yet untarnished nod
 His knightly plumes of brilliant gold—
 Aster and goldenrod.
PROTECTING POLLY.

         By Ethellyn Brewer DeFoe,

  J-JOW love’s labor lost, or was in
  a good way of losing, the sole
  reason for its existence. & Jf-

rROM the very day when she had
discovered that, with the aid of
the kitchen-table, she could stand
alone, Polly had aspired to take
care of herself.

  In time she not only took care of her-
self, but also of her father and mother,
and was a contributory source of no mean
value to an ever-increasing army of little
nieces and nephews. Polly was cheer-
fully willing, and considered her respon-
sibilities no burden.

  The one thing about her that was not
in perfect harmony was her name.

  It should have been martial and com-
manding. That was probably the reason
why, in the office, where 110 familiarity
but great fellowship was shown her, they
called her the Major. And like a
plucky little major, indeed, she trudged
forth to her task.

  Weather meant nothing to her. Her
eyes glistened as she came in at midnight
from an assignment, with the snow
clinging to her black, crisp hair, and a
healthy glow on .her cheek. Of course,
there were times when she was weary
and worn, but her enthusiasm never
cooled and her indomitable spirit never
flagged.

  She had a temper, too. She was no
Patient Griselda; she was doing as good
work as any of the men, with and among
them, shoulder to shoulder, and if they
forgot it and tried to thrust her aside on
the plea of the weaker sex, she poured
forth the vials of her wrath indiscrimi-
nately upon all, from the night city edi-
tor to the office-boys. She stood her
ground, gave good service, and demand-
ed fair return.

  At a very early age Polly had realized

that her native town held little for her.
So she came to New York, alone but
unafraid, and got a position on one of
the big dailies. It was mean, soul-
grinding work at first. Her consolation
lay in the fact that she was called upon
for strictly truthful accounts, and tena-
ciously she clung to them, keeping her
own standards exalted and unsmirched.

  Slowly but surely she rose. Her
acumen was good, her discrimination
certain, her sense of a story invaluable.

  Soon the paper began to realize that
she could be trusted. Her pen was
quick and did not make trouble. In
short, she had found herself. She was
safely launched 011 the sea of journalism.

  But this making of a little slip of
Southern girlhood into a capable re-
porter 011 a responsible newspaper had
not happened in a day : nor in a year.

  Silver hairs had appeared among the
dark locks. The twenties were past and
the thirties were trooping along. The
Major was very nearly middle-aged.

  Side by side with the Major a dreamer
had been working. There was 110 better
man on the staff. None knew that he
was a dreamer, not even the Major, al-
though she was his dream.

  Year after year, Robert McPherson
had watched her as she came and went,
laughing at the cold and snow, scolding
good-naturedly at the enervating hu-
midity of New York’s merciless sum-
mers, and a deep resentment had filled
his heart that it could not have been
different with her. He longed to take
her out of it. He hated to see her in
the midst of a work that daily laid bare
revolting depths of depravity.

  He, even as she, had been under obliga-
tions to others whom he could not neg-
lect. Even after they both knew that,
they were all in all to each other there
were years of waiting; but they were
good years, for now the Major’s life was
filled with the secret without which no
woman’s life is complete, and Robert was

762
PROTECTING POLLY.

763

filled with the joy of saving for the
materialization of his dream home, which
would shield his Polly—she had never
been the Major to him—from all that
was sordid and brutal.

  Finally the day came when, with their
duty to others discharged, they could at
last enter into their own.

  After the wedding-trip they went to
the dream home.

  It had never been a flat in the dream:
so, although it awakened dread in the
Major's .heart, she acquiesced when he
showed her a little house in a new suburb.

  She had only once heard of it before.
That was to interview a girl whose lover,
after an evening spent with her, had
jumped off the Brooklyn Bridge on his
way home. The Major wondered if.
after a little of this suburban calm, satu-
rated with cheap respectability, she would
not be tempted to follow his example,
but the joy in her husband’s eyes moved
her so deeply that she put all else aside.

  At first the excitement of buying fur-
niture and arranging their lielongings
filled the time, and all went well. But
after a few weeks everything was com-
plete, and then the long, lonely evenings
began to shut down on Polly—the woman
so unused to indoors, unused to idleness
or to woman’s task of the needle and,
over and above all, unused to being alive.

  Then, too, Mammy, the cld colored
servant, who had been old for many years,
could not cope with the work of a house;
and Polly—no longer the Major, please
—found her days becoming more and
more filled with the drudgery of house-
work.

  As in all newspaper homes, their morn-
ings were their evenings. This was their
lime together, this when they read and
walked, and in those sunny hours the
little home seemed all that was cheerful
to Robert. But there were often days
when, tired from a late assignment of the
night before, he had to sleep until it was
time to go back to work; so, often, Polly
began and ended her silent day alone.

  'I'he people round her were simple
souls. There were women whose lives
had been circumscribed. The rearing of
children and ordering their little homes
filled their horizon.

  Polly tried fiction, and did well at it,

but the quiet of her home distracted her.
It palled on her to do it all alone, though
jii the office she could have written hour
in and hour out. Here she tired quickly.

  When Robert took her in his arms and
told her how great was his happiness in
the thought that at last she was shel-
tered from the buffeting of the world,
told her of his strength, his exhilaration,
his lust for work, because he had before
him the constant realization that at last
he was doing hers as well as his own;
then, indeed, she almost cried out to him.
But his joy was too beautiful.

  If men could only realize that women,
childless or otherwise, will and must be
mothers. It was the mother-instinct in
Polly that kept her from letting Robert
see how- miserable she was in his Eldo-
rado. She could not dash from his lips
the cup for which he had thirsted so
long.

  Ink on her fingers she had not mind-
ed, but her whole being shrank with ac-
tual nausea from grease. And, oh! to
the roving, free-born spirit, the reitera-
tion of housework! The same things to
be dusted; the same bed to be made, day
in and day out, three hundred and sixty-
five times a time!

  The old life had been hard, but 110
two stories were ever quite the same, no
two people of the hundreds whom she
met, ever quite alike. The office may
have been dingy and disorderly, but it
teemed with -activity and life.

  I11	the long, silent evenings her
thoughts turned to the office. To the
city editor, goading her like a gadfly to
catch the first edition, to the thrill of
excitement as her story, page by page,
was whisked off by the copy-boy, to the
lull till another assignment, filled in
with an argument with another mind as
alert as her own, a battle fought point
by point about some topic of to-mor-
row’s news, filled with good-natured
acrimony.

  Or an office joke, for which 110 one
was ever too tired; and for which time
could always be found.

  That was where her Robert was,
where her 'old friends were, where her
heart and life were.

  The old comrades were playing the
glorious game, and she, the Major-
hearted, put her poor drooping head on
764

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE.

Polly’s pathetic attempt at sewing and
sobbed out her loneliness into the aw-
ful stillness of Robert’s protecting home.

  Polly began to grow pale and listless
as the summer came on. Robert asked
often and tenderly if she was doing too
much. They had started a little garden
in the spring.

  Patiently Polly bent over the unac-
customed task until her back and head
ached, and, somehow, the things didn’t
grow after all. When they did, she
could not find any great thrill over a
little green shoot, but Robert exulted,
and told her how beneficial it was work-
ing in the soil.

  She smiled, still too much the mother
to tell the truth and ask of him the sac-
rifice of giving up this newly found
joy of protection.

  As the weather grew pleasanter, the
people from the office came out oftener,
and Robert was surprised to find how
keen was her interest in them and their
work; but he laid it to her warm-
hearted concern for her old friends, and
supposed much of it was tactfully as-
sumed.

  He, personally, tried to keep his work
out of his home as much as he could,
having read that fallacy somewhere in
his early youth and keeping it by him
as a beautiful but uninvestigated theory.

  Soon the old friends began to notice
a change. They asked McPherson if
she was not well, and the dear old bat
said he feared she was feeling the effect
of the years of hard work before he had
been able to care for her.

  She was sometimes tempted to ask him
if he had ever heard the story of the vet-
eran fire-engine horse that, after receiv-
ing a reprieve, insisted upon answering
all the alarms just the same. She knew
how the poor old boy felt.

  Once, tentatively, she asked if he found
the little home and its surroundings all
that he had expected them to be, and the

radiant smile with which he answered won
the day for the suburb.

  But finally Robert asked an old friend
who was a doctor to dine with them. Os-
tensibly the visit was social, for Polly
declared she was. not at all ill.

  He watched her carefully through din-
ner, talking on every subject under the
sun except health.

  “ Does she need rest, doctor? ” Robert
asked anxiously, when they were alone.

  “ Rest! ” the doctor snorted. “ Did
you ever know a greyhound to thrive at
the end of a leash? ”

  Robert calls her the Major now. She
is the editor of a magazine.

  He finds that it is quite as delightful
to have her as a companion, comrade, and
fellow worker as it was to have her for a
charge.

  She was not of the species ivy—she
could not cling and thrive.

  But the knowledge that a strong arm
to lean upon is ever ready if she has need
of it, to support her or to strike for her,
has given her that beautiful impudent
independence that is possessed only by
dependent women. She is a little arro-
gant in her love, a little masterful, per-
haps, but Robert is one of the men who
understand.

  And Robert—is he any less-happy?

  He looks on with the tolerance of a St.
Bernard who is allowing a skye-terrier to
worry his bone.

  His shelter is ready for her whenever
she tires, his savings are accumulating for
their old age. All is for her.

  Her work is her joy and his indulgence
—it is no longer stalked by grim neces-
sity.

  Deep in the strong, tender heart, that
was brave enough to let her choose her
own path, he knows that he stands be-
tween her and the world quite as surely
as if he had locked her away to eat out
her heart.

THE MIRACLE.

%By Edwin L. Sabin

a CROSS the meadow, dead and sear,

I saw the Rain Prince gently pass;
And at his touch each withered spear
Up sprang as living grass.
THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE

          VOLUME XIV.

  MAY TO AUGUST, 1909.

                  NEW YORK:

   THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY, Publishers,

                 175 FIFTH AVENUE.

1909.

INDEX TO VOLUME XIV.

COMPLETE NOVELS.

Page

CIGAR-CASE MYSTERY, THE.....Edward Lucas White.....504

DESPERATE HERITAGE. A.....Harriet Gaylord......114

DON ALVARO'S DAUGHTER.....William McLeod Raise.....31C

HIDDEN HATE, TIIE......Howard Fitzalan......700

SERIAL	STORIES.

CATACLYSM, THE.......Stephen Chalmers	1, 214, 444, 600

COLUMBUS OP SPACE, A.....Garrett P. Serviss..... 79, 300

HELEN OF TROUBLES......Metram Hill..... 193. 427, 043

HIS LAST DOLLAR.......William Wallace Cook -	45. 259, 4S0

IN THE TARANTULA'S SKEIN	J. AUBREY Tyson..... 405. G2G

PRINCE OF APACHES......Frank Lillie Pollock .... 385, 600

RED PAPER, TnE.......Ciiauncey C. Hotchkiss -	- - - 94

WHEEL OF FORTUNE, THE.....Walter IIackett..... 62. 280

WHEN THE WORLD STOOD STILL -	Johnston McCllley.....577

YELLOW SARD. THE......Sidney Fredericks -	- 26, 239, 467. 6S7

SHORT	STORIES.

AL-KA-LIED! -.......M. Ciiipman Burritt......357

ANTOINETTE............Elise G. Gifford......189

AT TIIE SWITCHBOARD......Philip Lokergak......377

AURORA’S ENGINE.......Sam I*. Davis •	.....364

BEAUTY AND THE BEASTS.....William Loren Curtiss.....231

BURIED TREASURE......A. M. Chisholm......528

CADOOZA OF KOOM. THE.....Izoi.a Forrester.......293

CHOICE, THE........Frederick IIewitt......90

CLEAN SLATE, A.......W. Bert Foster......401

CONQUEROR'S FLIGHT, THE.....George W. Wilson......655

DIET OF HUSKS, A.......Izola Forrester -.....74

DOLAN'S TRAINING......John Barton Oxford.....312

DONNA THEODORA'S CAVALIER -	Frank Condon.......150

DUMMY'S STORY, THE......R. K. Thompson .... o7o

DUTCHMAN'S BREECHES	Will Gage Cary......420

EI. PORO'S GHOSTS ....	Frederick Ferdinand Moorb - 437

FORCED UPON HIM......Elliot Bai.estieb	- 554

“ GOAT, THE ".......Frank Condon ------ r>03

GREEN-EYED MONSTER, THE - -	S. Ten Eyck Bocrke ... 548

HISTORIC PUNCH, THE......ALBERT Payson Terhune -	57

IDEAL ANGLER. AN......E. B. B. Reesor......560

IN THE CANE-BRAKE......Helen Tompkins	... 170

JADE LAMP, THE............W. Bert Foster......156

JIMMIE THE DRAG.......William Tili.ingiiast Eldridge	- 109

MANTOOTH FACTION, THE.....M. Ciiipman Burritt	... 479

MATTER OF TIME, A......Roscoe Gilmore Stott	- 374

MY LADY OF WINDMILLS ....	Edward Marshall - - - - - 742

MY TIME-ANNIIIILATOR......George Allan England.....251

NIGHTMARE. THE.......Clarence James Fleming .... 400

NOAH'S ARK........Morgan Robertson ----- 497

OUT OF TnE SOUTH SEAS.....Will Livingston Agnew - - ’ - - - 36

PETALUMA PRODUCT. THE.....Kenneth MacNichol.....735

“ PLUMB PEACEABLE VALLEY, A," - - - Raymond S. SrEARS......22

767
768

IXDEX TO VOLUME XIV.

SHORT STORIES—(Continued)

Page

POD l'LITS........ Georgh Allan England.....CTO

PRESIDENT’S WATCH, TOE.....Ol.rVK Moore -,......539

PROTECTING POLLY - -	- Ethellyn Brewer DeFoe.....762

QUICKSANDS OF TREACHERY	R. w. St. Hill......170

SHANGHAIED BRIDEGROOM, THE	Robert Kerwick - - - 380

SHIRT ANNIE -	Frank Condon - - - • 638

SIGNET OF KALIKRATES, THE	Helen Tompkins	.....6J6-

SOOTHING CHARMS, THE .....	John Barton Oxford .... - 572

SOUL-STEALER, THE -	Payson Irwin 208

STORM, THE - -	Jennie Harris Oliver .... - 703

TALL TIMBER TALES ....	. Lloyd Roberts.......103

UNCONSCIOUS CONSPIRATOR, AN ....	Jennie Harris Oliver ..... 101

WALLOPS	Edgar Franklin ...... 503

WEALTH OF WAR TING SONG, THE	- - Elliot Balestier......307

*' YELLOW " IN THE JUNGLE, A * - .	Ira Leon Cunningham - 101

POEMS.

ABSENT, YET PRESENT - -	- - - Edward Belwer-Lytton..... 258'

AMERICAN FLAG, THE.....- Josi:rn Rodman Drake.....-14

ASTER AND GOLDENROD.....Minna Iiivino.......7C1

BARRIER, THE.......Anonymous - - - . - . . - i;39

CAUTIOUS ROBIN, THE......Cari.ylb Smith......21

DISILLUSIONMENT.......Alice Cary.......49G

DROUGHT, THE.....- -	James Courtnet Challiss - - - - 271

EPITAPH ON A JACOBITE.....Tiiomas Babington Macaulay - - - - 155

EXILE AT REST, THE......Joun PlEBPONT.......61

IRISH WIFE, TnE.......TnoMAs D’Arcy McGee - - - - - 120

JUNE.........Susan Coolidge.......379

MELODIES........Chari.es Emeiison Cook.....25

MIRACLE, TnE.......Edwin I-. Sabin......704

NELL GWYNN'S LOOKING-GLASS ... - I.aman Blanchard......406

PETTY LARCENY.......Ben Jonson.......160

PROFIT	......S. J. Hale.......553

RAGNAR THE BOLD......Kenneth Bruce......599

ROSES.........William Francis Barnard - - - -279

SEA SONG. A............- Thomas I!. Ybarra......576

SUMMER DAYS..........Watiien M. W. Call.....4S8

TO A YOUNG LADY READING F.ICTION . - - Charles Speaccb......23S

TO THE MOCKING-BIRD	- -	Richard IIenby Wilde.....366

TREASURE SHIPS - ....	Mazie Virginie Caruthers .... 443

WOODLAND VESPERS......Clarence Urmy.....- 625

WORKINGMAN’S SONG, THE.....John Stuart Blackie.....6S6

                                                                                      /
THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

VICTOR HERBERT

 WILL MAKE RECORDS EXCLUSIVELY FOR

THE EDISON PHONOGRAPH

    AN Edison Record made by Victor Herbert's orchestra, conducted by him and playing
    1\ one of his own compositions, is a masterpiece.

         Mr. Herbert was one of the first to see the possibilities of the Phonograph in giving the
     people good music. He recognized that Edison Amberol Records reproduced instrumental
     music best because of their length and their purity. That is why he readily made an arrange-
     ment which makes him practically musical adviser to the Edison Record-making department.

        The arrangement includes the exclusive right to reproduce for the Phonograph Mr.
    Herbert’s own compositions.

        Securing Mr. Herbert will make the Edison Records as perfect musically as they are
    mechanically. The best music in the world is offered by Edison Records.

         Write for free booklet. “The Edison Phonograph and the Home." It contains articles of	\

    unusual interest, profusely illustrated by eminent American artists.	fe	\

         Ask your dealer or write to us for catalogues of Edison Phonographs and Records.	| ft	I

         Edison Phonographs are sold at the same prices everywhere in the United States—$12.50	\	I

 to $125.00.	X^SL./
 Standard Edison Records, 35c. Amberol Records, 50c. Grand Opera Records, 75c \

    NATIONAL PHONOGRAPH COMPANY, 56 Lakeside Ave., Orange,N.J. (3ftomw>a£d»on^

In answering this advertisement it it desirable that you mention The All-Story Magazine.
THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

 A

 Hot Weather
 Suggestion

 In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention The All-Story Magazine.
THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

COUPON
For a Gold Embossed, New Style, Art

Lyon & Healy Piano Catalog

This catalog is as different from all other
piano catalogs as the

Lyon & Healy Piano

is different from ordinary pianos. This catalog contains detachable illustra-
tions, each one of which is fitted with an easel, so that they may be set up on
your table. Thus you can view the different styles simultaneously. This
Art Catalog is so costly that we can mail it only to those who are really
interested in a piano. So kindly fill out this coupon.

NOTE.-The Lyon & Healy
Piano now occupies its rightful
place among the great artistic,
standard makes. It excels in
both musical quality and ap-
pearance many instruments
for which much more is asked.

A strong claim, but the
greater the test, the greater the
triumph.

You can test a Lyon & Healy
Piano, without one cent of
expense to you.

COUPON TO BE FILLED OUT
, Messrs. LYON & HEALY, 42-52 Adams St., Chicago

 o Gentlemen: — I am interested in a piano. Please send
 = catalog.

| Name_____

5 j Street_■_

C Town and State_

£ Remarks_

  O I

g__

 £

In answering this advertisement it it desirable that you mention The All-Stuby Magazine.
THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Safety Automatio

REVOLVER

                                    is not a revolver for you to make tem-
             i	porarily safe by throwing on or off

                                                  sonic button or lever, but a revolver
         *”:lt ’tve l>avc made permanently and
         automatically safe by the patented ex
         S I W	elusive Iver Johnson construction.

                    Our Free Booklet, “Shots,” tells the whole story. Send your
                    name on a postal—it will be mailed free with our full catalogue.

 ' Iver Johnson Safety Hammer Revolver Iver Johnson Safety Hammerless Revolver

 Richly nickeled. 22 cal. rim-fire or 32 cal. center-$C Richly nickeled. 32 calibre center-fire. 3-inch J7
 fire, 3-in, bbl.; or 38 cal. center-fire, 3j£-in.bbl. barrel; or 38 calibre center-fire, 3^-inch barrel. "

 Extra length bbl. or blued finish at slight extra cost. Extra length bbl. or blued finish at slight extra cost M

 Sold by hardware and Sporting Goods dealers everywhere, or sent prepaid on receipt of price if dealer , •
 will not supply. Look for the owl’s head on the grip and our name on the barrel.

 Iver Johnson’s Arms & Cycle Works, 184 River Street, Fitchburg, Mass.

       New York: 99 Chambers Street Hamburg, Germany; Pickhaben 4	■

 San Francisco: Phil. B. Bekeart Co..

''-r-.	717 Market Street	• I '	-

Herbert L. Joseph&Co

BfiMSSfcEx	We will send for your

                 approval a genuine 'A karat, com-
^SjisSC ll&fy raercial white, perfect diamond.
l«8g	in any style 14 karat solid gold

                mounting, express prepaid, for
W\. 12 .•^®c\=3 $30- $5 down and $3 per month;
f H i 1 % V or a 8 Karat diamond of like qual-
f 10 GUm 2%kl\ityfor$60; $10 down and $5 per
q / *" -MW month.

■	3. Ix] IT If you are interested in a reliable

if.g /A A'v.P'i// wateh.we offer a gentleman’s 6.F.
it V 4<M»^13, 16, or 18 size, or lady’s 6 size,
fc« V .Vi	plain or engraved. 20-year ifuar-

iSBfcw;. J&fijy anteedg'old filled case, fitted with
genuine Elgin or Waltham move-
J7 ment at $12.50; $3 down, $1.50
per month. With hunting case $16.75.

        Write to-day for free catalog No. F79 . Remit first
        payment with order or have goods sent C. O. D.

     Diamond Importers—Watcli Jobbers

    217-219 State Street, Chicago

 Thadi Ma»m Rcg US Pat. Of*

' dels

■kkjuaa DELIGHTFUL

   painty
fUint GoVcrcd
Gandy Coated
Ojeuung @um

Particularly "Desirable
after pinner

BETTER — STRONGER

More lasting in flavor than any other.

A try—a test—Goodbye to the rest!

Sold tn S^lO^and 25$ packets
frartk 6. fleer &. Company 3nc.
pfnlaclelpkia .‘U.-SAand (Toronto.Caa

In answering any advertisement on this page it it desirable tlsi you mention Thu All-Stoby Magazine.
THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Let Us Bake Your
August Beans

  Until the summer is over, bid your
oven good-by.

  Let us have the heat, the work, the
worry, and supply your meals ready to serve.

  They’ll be delicious meals — the finest
baked beans in the world. For, when you
try us a month, we’ll try to keep you
forever.	_

  Baked pork and beaus, wlieu the beans
are digestible, form an ideal summer dish.

  Don’t judge them by home-baked beans
—beans that overtax digestion—that fer-
ment and form gas.

  Van Camp’s are digestible. They are
baked in . steam ovens, where we apply
twice the heat applied in a dry oven.

  And Van Camp's are delicious, for every
bean is left whole. No crisped beans—
none mushy and broken.

  And the tomato sauce is baked into the
beans, giving a delicious blend.

  Beans are 84% nutriment, and they are
cheap.

  With more food value than the choicest
beef, they cost not a third so much.

  Every can on the shelf means a meal
without cooking, and a meal that all people
like.

 Buy a dozen cans and try them one
month. Then decide what you think of
home-baking.

WITH TOMATO

SAUCE

Van(amp’s

           PORKah’BEANS

 Van Camp’s are the whitest and plumpest	tomatoes. It costs us five times what some sauce

Michigan beaus, picked out by hand. All but the	costs, ready made.

best are discarded.	Our process is the result of 48 years of

 The}- cost us four times what some beans would	experience,

cost.	That’s why Van Camp’s are so much better than

 Our tomato sauce is made of whole, vine-ripened	others. That is why you ought to insist on them.

Three sizes: 10, 15 and 20 cents per can.

Van Camp Packing Co.

Established

1861

Indianapolis, Ind.

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention The Am.-Stobx Magazine.
THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

LAID OFF

            There they go—one by one—young and old—disheartened and dejected—“down and
        out"—wondering “what next?"—for the edict has gone forth : "Cut down expense. Reduce
        the working force. Let the untrained men go."

             How would such an order affect you? Would you be compelled to hunt another job,
        or would you hold vour position by reason of being an expert at your particular line of
        work, and therefore invaluable to your employer because of your training?

              If you want to be on the safe side of your position, mark the attached coupon and mail it
          to the International Correspondence Schools of Scranton. They in turn will tell you how
          you can secure the special training that will not only stand between you and failure, but that
          will raise your salary. Besides putting you to no expense and under no obligation, marking
          the coupon entitles you to six months’free subscription to the I. C. S. illustrated monthly,
          “Ambition."

       Advancement for YOU

             You can earn more. There's not a single doubt of it. Thousands of other men, once
         situated exactly as you, are now holding lucrative positions as a direct result of I. C. S. train-
         ing. Don't try to worry out the problem alone, but let the I. C. S. tell you how you can
         qualify for a bigger salary and a better position without leaving home or losing a day’s pay.
         The I. C. S. can reach you no matter where you live or what you do. Mark the Coupon.

             It would do you good to read the thousands
         of unsolicited testimonials received by the I. C. S.
         telling of fortune won through I. C. S. help. The
         I. C. S. book of “1001 Stories of Success" is yours
         for the mere marking of the coupon. Having read
         it you will no longer wonder why it is that over
         300 students, every month, voluntarily report success
         achieved through I. C. S. help. During May the
         number was 319.

              Get from under the "Laid Off" axe. Clinch your
            chances of success with TRAINING. A postage
            stamp is all that it costs to learn how you
            can do it. — Mark	^

the	W

The	Coupon

Business	N0W •

 of this Place
 is to Raise Salaries.

    INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

Bo* HOI Scranton, Pn.

     Pleane explain without further oliliic.itIon on my
 part how I cun qualify for the position before which I
 have marked •• X,” and alto tend nie absolutely free ,
 “ Ambition Magazine " for tlx month".

 Bookkeeper
 Stenographer
 Advert htemrnl Writer
 Show Card Writer
 Window Trimmer
 Commercial Law
 llluntrutor
 Civil Service
 Chemlat

 Textile Mill Supt.
 Electrician
 Klee. Kniclneer

 Meehan'I Hralumaa
 Telephone Kng*eer
 Klee. I. Ightlng P»upt-
 Meehan. KnglnMr
 Plumber A Steam Fitter
 Stationary Engineer
 Civil Knalneer
 Itulld’i? Contractor
 Archilce’ I Draftsman
 Architect
 Strueiural Engineer
 Hankins
 MInlnir Kngrlnecr

 | Name-

  | Street and No.

I CUT-

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that non mention The All-Story Magazine.
■i^ATERproofed

COMFORT

PENN

BARNARD

CORNELL

COLUMBIA

COLLARS 25c.	CUFFS 50c.

If not at your dealer's, send, giving’ styles, size, number wanted, with
remittance, and we will mail, postpaid. Booklet of styles free on request.
KEEP THIS ADV. FOR FUTURE REFERENCE

 THE FIBERLOID COMPANY

 DEPT. 6 7WAVERLY PLACE
 NEW	----YORK

 STYLE

 ECONOMY

  DARTMOUTH

 ANN ARBOR

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The Aix-Story Magazine.

THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

     H & R Revolvers have proved iheir
accuracy, dependability and superiority in all walks of life
—in all parts of the world.

    The line is complete in many styles and sizes for both
men and women. Sold by all first class dealers.

   We especially recommend the H & R "Premier” auto-
matic, double action,22-calibre, 7-shot,or 32-calibre,5-shot,

3 inch barrel, finest nickel fin-
ish, target grip,$7—4 inch bar-
rel, as illustrated, 50c extra.

    Rather than accept a substitute order from us direct.
Look for our name on the barrel and the little
target trade-mark on the handle.

     We want you lo have our beautifully illustrated
catalog. Write for it to-day.

HARRINGTON & RICHARDSON ARMS CO., 610 Park Ave., Worcester, Mass.

The Same Collar You’ve Always Worn—Only WATERPROOFED

Summer Comfort

 ONE of the many reasons why Litholin Waterproofed Linen

      Collars and Cuffs increase in popularity is that, no matter what
 the weather may be, or the conditions, they hold their shape, do
 not wilt or fray, and, if soiled, can be wiped white as new with a
 damp cloth, in a minute. That cuts out the expense of the laun-
 dering,—a weekly item which counts heavily in the long run,
 especially in the hot mouths. So, you get style, and save, and
 have real satisfaction. There are imitations. Genuine Litholin
 Goods are ALWAYS sold in RED boxes—look for the trade-mark.
THE ALL-STORY MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

 0 OVCR

Gillette Safety Razor

    A LARGE number of Gillette Safety
    Razors are bought by women who
    give them to their husbands or
    brothers.

   Men are amusingly conservative about new devices
for personal use. A man will try a Gillette if some-
body gives him one—and immediately become a Gillette
enthusiast. Perhaps the most frequent occurrence is that of his
purchasing a Gillette after having tried one that belonged to a
friend with whom he was visiting, or camping or motoring.

    The time to buy a Gillette is now.

    It pays for itself in three months and it lasts a lifetime.

    The Gillette, illustrated herewith (actual size), is so compact
that it can be carried in the pocket or slipped in the side of a
traveling bag. It comes in gold, silver or gun metal—with
handle and blade box to match. The blades are fine.

    Prices, $5.00 to $7.50. For sale everywhere.

   You should know Gillette Shaving Brush—bristles gripped
in hard rubber: and Gillette Shaving Stick—a soap worthy of
the Gillette Safety Razor.

GILLETTE SALES CO.

New York, Times Rldg.
Chicago Stock Exchange Bldg.
London Office
17 Holborn Viaduct

                                                     Canadian Office
                                                     63 St. Alexander St.

578 Kimball Building, Boston	Montreal

                        Factories: Boston, Montreal, London, Berlin, Paris

      In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention Tun All-Stoby Magazine.
Missing Page: Inside Back Cover

If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in .JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:

info@pulpmags. org
Missing Page: Back Cover

If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in .JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:

info@pulpmags. org