Argosy All-Story Weekly Hopalong Cassidy Returns Clarence E. Mulford 's Great Western Character appears again Modest Stein 10c  Per Copy  December 15  By the Year  $4.00 Free Booklet &amp; Sample Lessons How To Learn Piano Piano Lesson Stop Wondering How I Teach Piano; I'll Show You, FREE! Year after year you've seen my advertisement in all the leading publications, offering to teach you piano in quarter the usual time. Year after year my school has grown and grown until now I have far more students than were ever before taught by one man. In 1922 over two thousand students graduated from my Piano or Organ course and received their diplomas. Yet when I first started giving piano and organ lessons by mail in 1891 my method was laughed at. Could my conservatory have grown as it has, obtained students in every State of the Union, and in fact, practically every civilized country of the world, unless it produced very unusual and satisfying RESULTS for its students? See for yourself what it is that has brought my method so rapidly to the front. Write for free booklet and sample lessons. Now, for the first time, you can obtain sample lessons without charge. In the past, I have always been opposed to sending out free lessons, even to persons who were seriously interested in my course. But my friends have insisted that I give everybody a chance to see for themselves just how simple, interesting and DIFFERENT my lessons are, and I have consented to try the experiment for a short time. Simply mail the coupon below or write a postcard, and the 64-page booklet and sample; lessons will go to you at once absolutely free and without obligation. Within four lessons you will play an interesting piece on the piano or organ, not only in the original key, but in all other keys as well. Most students practise months before they acquire this ability. It is made possible by my patented invention, the Colorotone. Another invention, obtainable only from me, is my hand-operated moving picture device, Quinn-dex. By means of Quinn-dex you actually see my fingers in motion on the piano, and can learn just how to train your own fingers. When I say that I can teach you piano in quarter the A usual time, do not think that this is too good to be true. Modern inventions and improved methods have accomplished just as great wonders in other branches of education. You at least owe it to yourself to investigate. Send coupon or post-paid at once, before the offer of free sample lessons is withdrawn. QUINN CONSERVATORY STUDIO, AR-72 598 Columbia Road, Boston, 25, Mass. Free Book Coupon QUINN CONSERVATORY STUDIO, AR-72 598 Columbia Road, Boston, 25, Mass. Please send me, without cost or obligation, your free booklet, "How To Learn Piano or Organ," free sample lessons, and full particulars of your methods. Name ................ Address ............. ARGOSY-ALLSTORY--ADVERTISING SECTION. Our 21 Jewel BURLINGTON Smashes Prices Look! Adjusted to the Second Adjusted to Temperature Adjusted to Isochronism Adjusted to Positions 21 Ruby and Sapphire Jewels 25 Year Gold Strata Case Your choice of Dials (Including Montgomery Railroad Dial) New Ideas in Thin Cases Only $1.00 Down Only One Dollar Down buys this 21 Jewel Masterpiece--this exquisite example of the watch maker's utmost skill. The balance you pay in small monthly payments, and the total price of this superb watch is far below that of other high grade watches. More- over, you have a wonderful variety of the finest thin model designs and latest styles to choose from. Learn how you can see the Burlington and judge for yourself. Write today for our Free Watch Book and Special Offer. See the Burlington Before You Buy The Burlington is such a masterpiece of perfect timekeeping that it is used in practically every vessel in the United States Navy, and it is just as beautiful as it is accurate. We want you to see this watch without the slightest expense to you. After admiring its exquisite appearance, look carefully at the works. There you will see a perfect 21-Jewel timepiece, adjusted to positions, temperature and 4 isochronism. And when you realize what an aristocrat among watches the Burlington really is, you'll simply be amazed at our low price and easy terms! Send Coupon While This Special Offer Lasts! Write today for the Burlington Watch Book. Find out at once about our great special offer made for a limited time only. You will know a great deal more about watch buying when you read this book. You will be able to "steer clear" of the over-priced watches which are no better. Write for the Watch Book and Special Offer NOW! Burlington Watch Company 19th Street and Marshall Blvd., Dept. 94-59 Chicago, Ill. Canadian Address: 62 Albert Street, Winnipeg, Manitoba Burlington Watch Company 19th Street and Marshall Blvd. Dept. 94-59 Chicago, Ill. Canadian Address : 62 Albert Street, Winnipeg, Man. Please send me (without obligations and prepaid) your free book on watches with full explanation of your $1 down offer on the Burlington Watch. Name ..................................... Address .................................. In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine. ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY Vol. CLVI  CONTENTS FOR  DECEMBER 15, 1923 Number 4 The entire contents of this magazine are protected by copyright, and must not be reprinted without the publishers' permission. SPECIAL FEATURE Hopalong Cassidy Returns Clarence E. Mulford 481 I---THE SNAKES FIVE CONTINUED STORIES Out of the Moon Homer Eon Flint 495 A Four-Part Story---Part One Bright Lights Robert Orr Chipperfield 529 A Six-Part Story---Part Two Another Woman's Life 555 A Five-Part Story---Part Four Annihilation Isabel Ostrander 581 A Seven-Part Story---Part Five The Black Jarl Johnston McCulley 609 A Three-Part Story---Part Three NOVELETTE AND SHORT STORIES Crab Reef Theodore Goodridge Roberts 509 The Devil's Jest Robert Terry Shannon 549 Bondage John Scarry 572 Overcharged Winona Godfrey 599 Alias His Lordship Hapsburg Liebe 625 A Change in the Management Rose Henderson 634 POETRY The Boatman of Kinsale Thomas O. Davis 494 If I Dream You Mary Carolyn Davies 571 Visions Harold White 598 Records Floyd Meredith 624 The Seeker T. Morris Longstreth 633 A Word for the Groom Charles H. Chesley 640 DIARY OF A NOTORIOUS WOMAN Edited by  THE LADY ELIZABETH STEYNE HERE is an absorbing tale, full of heart throbs and surprises, told from the inside, of how a woman accused of murdering her tyrannical husband, pits her wits and her cleverness as an actress against those who have plotted her destruction. This story, which will keep you guessing to the end. BEGINS NEXT WEEK IN THE ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY, 280 BROADWAY, NEW YORK, and TEMPLE HOUSE, TEMPLE AVENUE, E. C. LONDON Frank A. Munsey, President Richard H. Titherington, Secretary Christopher H. Pope, Treasurer Single copies, 10 cents. By the year, $4.00 in United States, Its dependencies. Mexico and Cuba ; $6.00 to Canada, and $7.00 to Foreign , Countries. Remittances should be made by check, express money order or postal money order. Currency should not be sent unless registered PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY. COPYRIGHT, 1923 Entered as second class matter July 15, 1920 at the Post-Office at New York, under the Act of March 3, 1879 Copyrighted in Great Britain ARGOSY-ALLSTORY--ADVERTISING SECTION. "I Was At The End of My Rope" "WE lived in a fairly comfortable home, but it was a terrific struggle to make both ends meet. I couldn't save a cent and I was deeper in debt than I dared confess to my wife. "I hadn't had a decent raise in years, and there were nights--too many of them now--when I lay awake for hours wondering what we would do if I ever lost my position. "For other men were getting ahead of me and I knew that I couldn't stand still. I either had to go up or down. And I was afraid it was going to be down! "Then suddenly one night it came to me like a Hash that the reason I wasn't getting anywhere was mainly because I had never made any definite effort to make myself more valuable to the firm. "I knew my own little routine job, but that was all. I was just one of the force to my employers. There was really no reason why they should think of me when a better position was open. "That night I made my decision. 'If the I. C. S. can raise the salaries of other men, I said to myself, it can raise mine. If it can help other men to win promotion and have happier, more prosperous homes, it can help me, too. To-night, right now, I'm going to send in that coupon and find out what the I. C. S. can do for me.' "It was the best move I ever made. My employers heard about my studying and started to take an interest in me. Six months after I enrolled with the I. C. S. I received my first increase in salary. Within two years I was head of my department. And I'm going still higher." An International Correspondence Schools course will help you just as it helped this man whose letter is reproduced here. It will help you to have the happy home--the bigger salary-- the comforts that you want for your wife and your family. For spare-time study is that vital something which makes one man succeed where one hundred fail--that lifts a man out of the rut and makes him a trained worker instead of just a "hand." One hour a day, spent with the I. C. S. in the quiet of your own home, will prepare you for the position you want in the work you liked best. Put it up to us to prove it! MAIL THE COUPON TO-DAY INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS Box 2225-C. Scranton. Penna. Without cost or obligation, please toll me how I can qualify for the position or in the subject before which I have marked an X: BUSINESS TRAINING COURSES Business Management Industrial Management Personnel Organization Traffic Management Business Law Hanking and Banking Law Accountancy (including C.P.A.) Cost Accounting Bookkeeping Private Secretary Spanish French Salesmanship Advertising Better Letters Show Card, Lettering Stenography and Typing Business English Civil Service Railway Mail Clerk Common School Subjects High School Subjects Illustrating Cartooning TECHNICAL AND INDUSTRIAL COURSES Electrical Engineering lectric Lighting Mechanical Engineer Mechanical Draftsman Machine Shop Practice Railroad Positions Gas Engine Operating Civil Engineer Surveying and Mapping Metallurgy Steam Engineering Radio Architect Blue Print Reading Contractor and Builder Architectural Draftsman Concrete Builder Structural Engineer Chemistry Pharmacy Automobile Work Airplane Engines Navigation Agriculture and Poultry Mathematics Name ........................................... Street Address ................................. City .................... State ................ Occupation ..................................... Persons residing in Canada should tend this coupon to the International Correspondence Schools Canadian, Limited, Montreal. Canada. In answering this advertisement it is desiruable that you mention this magazine. Classified Advertising The Purpose of this Department is to put the reader in touch immediately with the newest needfuls for the home, office, farm, or person ; to offer, or seek, an unusual business opportunity, or to suggest a service that may be performed satisfactorily through correspondence It will pay a housewife or business man equally well to read these advertisements carefully Classified Advertising Rates in the Munsey Magazines: Line Rate Munsey's Magazine - $1.50 Argosy-Allstory Weekly - 2.50 Minimum space four lines. Jan 19th Argosy-Allstory Forms Close Dec 22nd. Combination line rate $4.00 less 2 per cent cash discount AGENTS &amp; SALESMEN WANTED AGENTS--$15 A DAY--EASY. QUICK SALES--FREE AUTO--BIG WEEKLY BONUS--$1.50 premium Free to every customer. Simply show our Beautiful. 7 piece. Solid Aluminum Handle Cutlery Set. Appeals instantly. We deliver and collect. Pay daily. NEW ERA MFG. CO., 803 Madison St., Dept. 20-BQ, Chicago. BIG MONEY AND FAST SALES. EVERY OWNER BUYS GOLD INITIALS for his auto. You charge $1.50, make $1.35. Ten orders daily easy. Write for particulars and free samples. American Monogram Co., Dept. 54. East Orange, N. J. AGENTS--CLEAN UP $100 WEEKLY WITH "NIFTY NINE", weekly average 100 sales--dollar profit each. 30--40 sales daily frequently made; demonstrating outfit cinches order. 30 other coin-coaxers. all daily necessities. Postal brings our unique plans. DAVIS PRODUCTS COMPANY. Dept. 58. Chicago. AGENTS--OUR SOAP AND TOILET ARTICLE PLAN IS A WONDER. GET OUR FREE SAMPLE CASE OFFER. HO-RO-CO. 2718 DODIER ST., ST. LOUIS, MO. AGENTS--$60--$200 A WEEK. Guaranteed Genuine Gold Letters for store windows. Anyone can put them on. Free samples. Liberal offer to general agents. METALLIC LETTER CO., 427A N. Clark St., Chicago. AGENTS--$75.00 TO $100.00 WEEKLY taking orders for our high-grade union made special priced raincoats. $3.95 direct from factory. CONSUMERS MFG. C.O., Dept. M. 720 W. Roosevelt Rd., Chicago. AGENTS: $50 A WEEK TAKING ORDERS FOR GUARANTEED HOSIERY for men. women, children. Must wear 12 months or replaced free. All styles and finest line of silk hose. Write for sample outfit. THOMAS MFG. C.O., Class 207, Dayton, Ohio. WE START YOU in business, furnishing everything. Men and women. $30.00 to $100.00 weekly operating our "New System Specialty Candy Factories" anywhere. Opportunity lifetime, booklet free. W. Hillyer Ragsdale. Drawer 93. East Orange. N. J. NEW WONDERFUL SELLER. Over 100% profit on every sale of Harper's Ten-use Set. Needed in every home. Washes and dries windows, sweeps, scrubs, mops, etc Greatest year round seller. Write HARPER BRUSH WORKS. 101 2nd St.. Fairfield. Iowa. AGENTS. Make $10 to $20 daily, selling small kitchen necessity. Over 200% profit. Sells rapidly everywhere to nine out of ten women. New plan make sales easy. PREMIER MFG. COMPANY. Dept. 811. Detroit, Mich. AUTHORS--MANUSCRIPTS STORIES, POEMS. PLAYS. ETC. ARE WANTED for publication. Good ideas bring big money. Submit Mss., or write LITERARY BUREAU. 110. Hannibal. Mo. FREE TO WRITERS--a wonderful little book of money making hints, suggestions, ideas: the A B C of successful Story and Movie-Play writing. Absolutely free. Send for your copy now! Just address Authors' Press. Dept. 19. Auburn. N. Y. AUTOMOBILES Automobile Owners, garagemen. mechanics, send for free copy America's popular motor magazine. Contains helpful, money - saving articles on repairing, overhauling, ignition, carburetors, batteries, etc. Automobile Digest. 500 Butler Bldg.. Cincinnati. MICHIGAN FARM LANDS FOR SALE LAND OPPORTUNITY! 20. 40. 80 ac. tracts: only $10 to $50 down; bal. long time. Near hustling city in lower Mich. Investigate. Write today for free illustrated booklet. SWIGART LAND CO., Y-1245 First Nat'l Bank Bldg.. Chicago. MOTION PICTURE PLAYS EXCHANGE PLOTS FOR S$--Photoplay ideas accepted any form: revised, typed, published, copyrighted. Sold. Advice free. UNIVERSAL SCENARIO CORP., 209 Security Bldg., Santa Monica and Western Ave., Hollywood. California. HOW TO ENTERTAIN Plays, musical comedies and revues, minstrel music, blackface skits, vaudeville acts, monologs, dialogs, recitations, entertainments, musical readings, stage handbooks, make-up goods. Big catalog free. T. S. Denison &amp; Co.. 023 So. Wabash. Dept. 43. Chicago. AGENTS &amp; SALESMEN WANTED $15.00 A OAY TO AGENTS, taking orders during spare time, from friends and neighbors, lor our fine made-to-measure clothes. You get your own clothes at inside wholesale prices. Write today lor BIG FREE SAMPLE OUTFIT. Full details will be sent at once FREE. WASHINGTON TAILORING CO., Dept. Z-3U4. Chicago, Ill. CASH IN ON THIS QUICK SELLER. Wingo cleared $1,080 with Never Fail Razor Sharpener in six weeks; Purdy. $40.50 first day. Applewhite, also inexperienced, six orders m thirty minutes. No end to ready buyers. Exclusive territory for quick workers. Be first. Address NEVER FAIL COMPANY. 154 Allen Bldg., Toledo. Ohio. LARGE CORPORATION WANTS a Service Man in every town to post up its signs on store-keepers windows. Excellent opportunity tor reliable party. Steady work. No experience necessary. We also have attractive proposition for agents and sale.sm n. GUARANTEE SIGN SERVICE, 365 W. Superior St.. Chicago. AGENTS--Make big money taking orders for Insyde Tyres. Positively prevent punctwvs and blowouts. Double tire mileage, any tire, old or new. Old worn out casings give 3 to 5 thousand miles more service. Use over and over again. Low priced. Big demand. One customer brings four others. Big money saver. Write for terms. AMERICAN ACCESSORIES CO.. B-Q01. Cincinnati. Ohio. START AND OPERATE YOUR OWN BUSINESS. OUR system proprietary specialty manufacturing offers wonderful opportunity to make $100 to $500 weekly. Openings everywhere. Either men or women. We furnish everything and show you how. Big explanatory book> "The Open Door to Fortune" Free. Write tor it now NAT'L SCIENTIFIC LABORATORIES. 204 Monroe. Richmond. Va. AGENTS: Biggest, fastest selling shirt line Direct from factory. Factory prices. Easy to sell. Largest' Commissions paid. Prompt shipments. Experience unnecessary. FREE sam- ples Sinclair Shirt Co.. Dept. A. 1608 N. Halsted. Chicago. WONDERFUL INVENTION--Eliminates all needles for phonographs. Saves time and annoyance. Preserves records. Lasts for years. 12.000.o00 prospects. $15.00 daily. Frte sample to workers. EYERPLAY. Desk 1212. McClurg Bldg.. Chicago. EDUCATIONAL EARN $4,000 to $10,000 PER YEAR. Men and Women, wo will train you in twenty weeks at home to be expert salesmen. We guarantee graduates positions in City or Traveling. Pur ticulars free. Address Dept. A. CHICAGO SALESMEN'S TRAINING INSTITUTE. 2709-11 Bosworth Ave., Chicago, Ill. PATENT ATTORNEYS PATENTS PROCURED; TRADE MARKS REGISTERED--A comprehensive, experienced, prompt service for the protection and development of your ideas. Preliminary advice gladly fur- nished without charge. Booklet of information and form for dis- closing idea free on request. RICHARD B. OWEN. 68 Owen Bldg.. Washington. D. C., or 2278-J Woolworth Bldg., New York. PATENTS. Write for FREE Guide Books. List of Patent Buyers and Record of Invention Blank. Send model or sketch and description for our free opinion of its patentable nature. Reasonable terms. VICTOR J. EVANS &amp; CO.. 762 Ninth, Washington. D. C. PATENTS. If you have an invention write for our Guide Book, "How To Get A Patent." Send model or sketch and description, and we will give our opinion as to its patentable nature. Randolph &amp; Co.. 630 F. Washington. D. C. PATENTS. BOOKLET FREE. HIGHEST REFERENCES. BEST RESULTS. PROMPTNESS ASSURED. SEND DRAWING OR MODEL FOR EXAMINATION AND OPINION AS TO PATENTABILITY. WATSON E. COLEMAN. 644 G ST., WASHINGTON. D. C. PATENTS AND INVENTIONS INVENTIONS COMMERCIALIZED on cash or royalty basis. Patented or un patented. In business 24 years. Complete facilities. References. Write ADtAM FISHER MFG. CO., 249. St. Louis, Mo. SONG POEMS WANTED WRITE THE WORDS FOR A SONG. We compose music. Our Chief of Staff wrote many big song-hits. Submit your song-poem to us at once. NEW YORK MELODY CORP.. 403-F Romax Building, New York. Classified Advertising continued on page 6. In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention this magazine. ARGOSY-ALLSTORY--ADVERTISING SECTION. Get This Wonderful Ring. If You Can Tell It From a Genuine Diamond Send It Back These amazing, beautiful CORODITE diamonds positively match genuine jndainevory way--same blazing flash and dazzling play of living rainbow fire. They, alone, stand the diamond tests. Including terrlflo sold lest of direct comparison. Lifetime experts need all their experience to see any difference. Prove this yourself. Wear a Corodlte Diamond 7 DAYS FREE Make this test. You risk nothing. Wear aarenulne Corodite and a diamoix elde by side on the same finger for 7 days. you or your friends can tel the difference, send It back; you won't be out a cringle penny. That's fair enough. If you keep the ring. price printed here is all you pay. No installments. Remember, Corodites alone have the same cutting as genuine stones. No. 1--Ladies' Solitaire 14K Gold S. Ring $2.84 Ho. 4--Ladies' Hand-Carved Basket Setting, plat, finish $3.96 Wo. 5--Ladies' Solitaire Bridal Blossom Kngraved $3.34 Ho. 7--Gents' Heavy Belcher 14K Gold S. Ring $3.68 Ho. 8--Gents' Massive Hand-Carved Octagon Gypsy $4.28 Carat size gems. Beautiful mountings of most modern design. Choice of gold or latest white platinum finish. Unqualified 20-year guarantee. Handsome art leather case free with each ring. Send No Money Keep your money right at home. Just send name, address and number of ring wanted and size as shown by slip of paper, fitting end to end around finger joint. Your ring will come by return mail. When ring arrives deposit amount shown above with postman. If you decide not to keep ring after 7 days' wear, send it back and your money will be immediately returned. Send today. E. RICHWINE CO. 19 West Jackson Blvd., Dept. 762, Chicago, Illinois Sole Importers of Genuine Corodite Diamonds MAKE MONEY AT HOME YOU CAN make $1 to $2 an hour writing show cards at home in your spare time. Quickly and easily learned by our new simple method. No canvassing or soliciting. We show you how. guarantee you work at home no matter where you live and pay you cash each week. Full particulars and booklet free. Write to-day. AMERICAN SHOW CARD SYSTEM LIMITED Authorized and Fully Paid Capital, One Million Dollars 202 Adams Bldg. Toronto, Canada Everything About Cuticura Soap Suggests Efficiency Soap, Ointment. Talcum. 25c. everywhere. For samples address: Cuticura Laboratories, Dept. D, Malden, Mass. PIMPLES Your Skin can be Quickly Cleared of Pimples, Blackheads Acne Eruptions on the face or body, Barbers Itch, Eczema, Enlarged Pores, Oily or Shiny Skin. Write today for my FREE Book let, "A Clear-Tone Skin," telling how I cured myself after being afflicted for over fifteen years. $l.000 Cold Cash says I can clear your skin of the above blemishes. E. S. GIVENS, 113 Chemical Building. KANSAS CITY, MO. 4 sister ships to South America IF you are considering a trip to South America this winter in- vestigate first your own U. S. Government fleet. These great new white sister ships are oil burners of 21,000 tons and the finest and fastest vessels on the run. Rio de Janeiro is now less than 12 days from New York. A record! This great service is oper- ated by the Munson Steamship Lines with sailings every two weeks from New York to Rio de Janeiro, Montevideo, and Buenos Aires. Sailings: American Legion Dec. 22 Pan America Jan. 5 Western World Jan. 19 Southern Cross Feb. 2 Munson Steamship Lines 67 Wall Street, New York City Managing; Operators U. S. SHIPPING BOARD Write for free Booklet Mail this information blank today. Find out the surprisingly low cost of a vacation trip to South America this winter. The beautifully illustrated booklet gives full information of the countries you wish to visit, costs and accommodations. Write today--Now. Send This Blank INFORMATION BLANK To U.S. Shipping Board Information Desk P2279 Wash., D.C. Please send without obligation the U.S. Government booklet giving travel facts. I am considering a trip to South America, to Europe, to The Orient from San Francisco, to The Orient from Seattle. My Name .................................. Address .................................. In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention this magazine. ARGOSY-ALLSTORY--ADVERTISING SECTION Aspirin Say "Bayer" and Insist! Unless you see the name "Bayer" on pack- age or on tablets you are not getting the genuine Bayer product prescribed by physicians over twenty-two years and proved safe by millions for Colds Toothache Earache Neuralgia Headache Lumbago Rheumatism Pain, Pain Accept "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" only. Each unbroken package contains proper directions. Handy boxes of twelve tablets cost a few cents. Druggists also sell bottles of 24 and 100. Aspirin is the trade mark of Bayer Manufacture of Monoaceticacidester of Saiicylicacid. Holidays For Your Face!! A New Discovery Men! Do you dread the daily shave? Is your skin constantly sore and subject to rashes after shaving? MorellA CREAM will heal and soften the skin, act as a preventative of skin disorders and clear all blemishes. Stops all bleeding besides. Easily applied and satisfaction is guaranteed. ACT NOW! Send $1.00 and receive a large jar postpaid. THE JUNO COMPANY 29 West 35th Street New York City The Oldest and Best All-Fiction Magazine Published Argosy-Allstory Weekly Ten Cents--All News-stands Earn Money AT HOME YOU can make $15 to $60 weekly in your spare time writing: show cards. No canvassing or soliciting. We instruct you by our new simple Directograph System, supply you with work and pay you cash each Week, write today for full particulars and free booklet. WEST-ANGUS SHOW CARD SERVICE LIMITED Authorized Capital $1,250,000.00 72 Colborne Building, Toronto, Can. Engraved Process Stationery $1 100 Sheets - 100 Envelopes This is a delightful stationery for informal or personal use. ENGRAVED by our special process method in beautiful rich dark blue ink, on an extra high-grade bond paper, size [ ... ] envelopes to match. Your name and address process Engraved on both sheets and envelopes. Especially fine writing surface. THIS IS NOT PRINTED STATIONERY By our willing direct plan we can now give you [ ... ] Simply send us a dollar bill or money order [ ... ] Send only by mail to our Chicago office. Order yours NOW! BLACKHAWK ENGRAVING CO. Dept. 15, 5057-9 Addison St. Chicago A $500 Cash Prize is offered for the BEST SECOND VERSE TO REMEMBER Those wishing to compete may receive a free copy of this song and rules of contest by addressing:-- EQUITABLE MUSIC CORPORATION. 478 Stats Theatre, N. Y. C. Classified Advertising continued from page 4. HELP WANTED BE A DETECTIVE--Earn Big Money. Great demand everywhere. Travel work. Make secret investigations. Experience unnecessary. Write. GEORGE A. WAGNER, former Government Detective. 1868 Broadway, N. Y. RAILWAY MAIL CLERKS. STENOGRAPHERS, CLERKS, TYPISTS wanted by Government. Examinations weekly. Prepare at home. Write for free list and plan T, payment after securing position. C. J. O. 1710 Market St., Philadelphia. HELP WANTED--MALE All men, women, boys, girls, 17 to 65. willing to accept Government Positions. $117--$250. traveling or stationary. Write Mr. OZMEXT. IDS. St. Louis, Mo., immediately. BE A DETECTIVE--EXCELLENT OPPORTUNITY: good pay: travel. Write C. T. LUDWIG, 126 Westover Building. Kansas City, Mo. EARN $110 TO $250 MONTHLY, expenses paid as Railway Traffic Inspector. Position guaranteed after completion of 3 months' home study course or money refunded. Excellent op- portunities. Write for Free. Booklet CM-SO. Stand. Business Training Inst.: Buffalo. N. Y. HELP WANTED-FEMALE LADIES EARN $6--$18 A DOZEN decorating Pillow Tops at Home; Experience unnecessary; particulars for stamp. Tapestry Paint Co.. 12S. l.aGrange, Ind. EARN MONEY AT HOME during spare time painting lamp shades. pillow tops for us. No canvassing. Easy and interesting work. Experience unnecessary. N1LEABT COMPANY, 2235, Ft. Wayne. Indiana. TRADE SCHOOLS EARN $10 TO $15 PER DAY. Learn Sign and Pictorial Painting. Showcard Writing. Auto Painting. Decorating. Paper-hanging. Graining and Marbling. Catalogue Free. Chicago Painting School, 152 West. Austin Ave., Chicago, Ill. In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention this magazine. ARGOSY-ALLSTORY--ADVERTISING SECTION MARVELOUS MEXICAN DIAMONDS have delighted thousands of customers for 18 years. They positively match genuine diamonds. Same perfect cut, same dazzling play of rainbow fire. Stand Intense acid test of side by side comparison with genuine. Noted experts positively need their experience to detect any difference whatever. Perhaps the gems you admire on your closest friends are MEXICAN DIAMONDS and you never knew It. Test a MEXICAN DIAMOND FREE; you risk nothing. Wear It seven days side by side with a genuine diamond. If you see any difference, send It back; It won't cost you a cent HALF PRICE TO INTRODUCE To Introduce to new customers, we quote these prices Which are all you pay and Just half our catalog prices. No. 1--Ladles 1 ct. [ ... ] No. 2--Gents Heavy Tooth Belcher. 1 ct.gem. 14k gold [ ... ] No. 3--Ladies 3 stone Duchess ring, fine platino finish, two 6/8 ct. first water Mex. diamonds, one blue sapphire 5.98 No. 4--Gents Ex. Heavy Gypsy ring, platino finish, black Inlay on sides: 1 7/8 ct. first water Mex. Diamond. Just send name, address and slip of paper that meets around ring finger to show size. Say which ring you want. We ship promptly. On arrival, deposit price with postman. If you decide not to keep it, return in 7 days and we'll refund your money. Write TODAY. Agents Wanted. MEXICAN DIAMOND IMPORTING CO. Dept. SS LAS CRUCES, N. MEX. Exclusive Controllers of Mexican Diamonds for 18 years. Stop Using a Truss STUART'S PLAPAOS PADS are different from the truss, being mechanico-chemico applicators made self-adhesive purposely to hold the distended muscles securely in place. No straps, buckles or spring attached -- cannot slip, so cannot chafe or press against the pubic bone. Thousands have successfully treated themselves at home without hindrance from work--most obstinate cases conquered. Reduced Fac-Simile Grand Prix Reduced Fac-Simile Gold Medal Soft as velvet--easy to apply--Inexpensive. Awarded Gold Medal and Grand Prix. Process of recovery is natural, so afterwards no further use for trusses. We prove it by sending Trial of Plapao absolutely FREE. Write name on Coupon and send TODAY. Plapao Co., 848 Stuart Bldg., St. Louis Mo. Name .......................... Address ....................... Return mail will bring Free Trial Plapao What Is This Dress Worth? Women's Sizes 32 to 48 Bust. Misses' 14 to 22 Years Before you guess I want you to know that the dress sparkles with richest style--a duplicate in design of an expensive Parisian gown at a price you will hardly believe possible! By Virginia Castleton Visualize yourself in this beau- tiful frock of soft, shimmering Egyptian silk Paisleyaod Navy Blue Longwear Gabardine Serge! See yourself tha envy of all in this lovely creation showing the deft touches of gifted French designers. Recreated under my personal direction. Mannish type collar, tiny vestee (button trimmed) and cuffs of Serge. Soft all around girdle with loose tie sash. The beautiful skirt has the newest touch -- 3/4 inch knife pleats all around -- a feature found on all of the new importations. Waist and skirt both cut full for perfect fitting to all types of figures--a clever feat of tailoring! Even older women may wear it! Colors: Navy Blue Brown And Now for a Pleasant Surprise! What is my price? Might I ask you $9 or $12 or $7? Is such elegant style not worth it? But, my dear, you shall not pay a single cent additional for the extras in style, because my price is only 13.89! Yes, that is all. Would you ever dream it possible! But you will not fully believe or appreciate until you see it. Try it entirely at my risk -- because my com- pany guarantees you absolute satisfaction. But be quick! This amazing offer can't be open long. And I do so want every woman in America to have one. SEND NO MONEY Just write me giving your size will then send you this fine dress. Pay the mailman only $3.89 postage when it arrives. Try it on and then if you don't think It the most lovely dreBs you ever saw and the bigffeat bargain of your life I will return every cent of your money. VIRGINIA CASTLETON Care of INTERNATIONAL MAIL ORDER CO. Dept. P-1242. CHICAGO You should read-- December Munsey 192 pages of the finest fiction available at any price. On Sale Now at All News-stands. WANTED Railway Postal Clerks $1600 to $2300 Year MEN--BOYS 18 UP. MAIL COUPON IMMEDIATELY Steady work. No layoffs. Paid Vacations Common education sufficient: Travel--See your country FRANKLIN INSTITUTE, Dept. E-270, Rochester. N. Y. Sirs: Send me without charge (1) Sample Railway Postal Clerk Examination questions : (2) List of Government jobs now obtainable: (3) Send free illustrated book, "How to Get Government Jobs." Name .......................................... Address ....................................... In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention this magazine. ARGOSY-ALLSTORY--ADVERTISING SECTION Give cigars for Christmas After all nothing satisfies like a good cigar --but give a brand that is known! The standardized Robt. Burns is a cigar that every smoker knows, and respects, for its uniform high quality. A General Cigar Co. National Brand Robt. Burns Cigar The filler of every Robt. Burns is full Havana The PANATELA at 10c straight. Box of 50 at $4.75 The INVINCIBLE (foil-wrapped) at 15c straight. Box of 25 at $3.50 The PERFECTO at 2 for 25c. Box of 25 at $3.00 In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine. ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY Vol. CLVI SATURDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1923 Number 4 Hopalong Cassidy Returns By  CLARENCE E. MULFORD IN December, 1905, Hopalong Cassidy and his ranch mates appeared in print for the first time in the old Outing magazine in a story called "The Fight at Buck- skin." This story established Hopalong and his friends, and was followed by more, which later came out in book form as "Bar-20." Other series of Bar-20 tales ran from time to time in various magazines until over forty had been published, with never one refused. These in turn came out in book form under the titles, Bar-20 Days" and "The Coming of Cassidy" and made hosts of readers and friends. With this encouragement Mr. Mulford turned to the more serious form and made the characters appear in the novels "Hopalong Cassidy," "The Man from Bar-20," "Johnny Nelson," "Tex Ewalt," "The Bar-20 Three," and "Buck Peters, Ranchman." Thinking that he had used the same characters enough, Mr. Mulford left them and turned to new ones; but he found that his readers still wanted the old Bar-20 crowd. He began to get letters protesting against shelving the Bar-20 outfit, and they came from all parts of the world where English is read. His books are 1 A 481 482 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. published in England, Canada, Australia, New South Wales, and throughout the British Empire; and the Bar-20 books without exception are still going strong. Negotiations are now in progress for the Scandinavian rights. "Bar-20," in which the characters made their first appearance in book form, shows no let up in the demand for it, despite its eighteen years. At first Mr. Mulford did not take the letters seriously in regard to putting the old characters to work again; but now he is setting the stage in the Argosy-Allstory magazine for Hopalong Cassidy, the old Bar-20 leader, and his inseparable friend, Red Connors, keeping in mind that they have been growing older. To many people these characters, purely fictional, are real; episodes, existing only in the imagination of the author, have been recognized by some readers as actual occurrences. One ranch- man in Arizona refused point blank to believe that Mr. Mulford had not been at one time a member of his outfit, thoroughly well acquainted with every man in it, and with every part of his ranch. He based his statements on certain things which he read in "Hopalong Cassidy," and is not convinced of his error to this day. Another man in the West wrote for "Shorty's" present address, evidently recogniz- ing an old acquaintance posing under a different name in one of Mr. Mulford's stories. He explained that he understood the wisdom of keeping "Shorty" incognito. On being told the truth he refused to believe it, and asked the author to forward a letter from him to "Shorty," if he would not tell where "Shorty" was to be found. Natu- rally, Mr. Mulford could not do this, and repeated his former statements; but they were not believed, and his correspondent became vexed. The letters grew hot, and Mr. Mulford dropped the correspondence. The new Hopalong Cassidy series, which is superior to anything that Mr. Mul- ford has ever written along similar lines, will contain ten stories, all of which will appear in the pages of this magazine. Whether or not the characters are alive or dead or ever existed, is of little importance; a million readers accept them for their worth and are delighted that they appear in print and work out their romantic and adventuresome destinies. "The Snakes" is the opening installment of the series and follows herewith. The Editor. I--THE SNAKES "We ain't crossin' no desert!" snapped Red, with an emphasis which is safe only when used with friends. "We ain't even got this south visit over yet; it 'll be near a month when we start back for th' SV, but yo're itchin' for speed already! Th' whole summer an' part of th' fall will be ahead of us. You only made up yore mind three hours ago to ride north, an' now yo're worryin' be- cause we ain't halfway there! I alius said you was a damn fool!" "Montanny's a long way off," rejoined Hopalong, doggedly. "'Tain't no further off from here than this place was from Montanny!" countered Red, glaring. "Cornin' down from th' railroad last year, you made us cross that blasted desert because you itched to see Johnny agin: what th' devil you itchin' about now?" Hopalong looked off to one side, the lines of his weather-beaten, sun-browned, wind- toughened face deepening, and into his eyes came an expression that was pitiful. He could see two graves on a wind-swept Mon- tana hillside--a large grave and a small one. He gulped, and his companion's side- wise glance saw the Adam's apple rise and fall. Red shook his head sadly and looked straight in front, wondering if he ever could get his friend's thoughts off the loss which had changed him so. To lose one's wife and child--he bit his lip: he had a wife and a bright-eyed little girl up there in Montana, whom he had not seen for a year; and it had been his secret hope that his girl and Hopalong Cassidy's mischievous boy--but it was all done with now. For many years, ever since Red had re- turned from the Texas gulf-coast range HOPALONG CASSIDY RETURNS. 483 With supplies so necessary to the little Bar- 20 ranch just beginning its existence on Snake Creek, and found Hopalong Cassidy getting out of trouble, the two had shared a friendship which nothing ever had cooled. Again and again each had risked his own life for the other; they had shared priva- tions, dangers, hunger and thirst together; many times they had, side by side, looked death in the eye and told it to go to hell; mutual sacrifices had been nearly as com- mon as the day's work. This friendship had been their religion; the sacrifices, the solemn rites. Neither had ever told the other in words that he was anything more than a mangy coyote or a cross-eyed cow thief, knowing both to be lies; never had either assured the other of his friendship, and their verbal endearments had taken the form of abuse; but God help any outsider who borrowed a leaf from that book! For the last year Red had ridden close herd on his friend, forsaking all others to ride doggedly and unquestioningly at the side of the man who had lost so much. Gradually Hopalong's steady dejection had faded, and he was beginning to show signs of becoming his old self, although Red was not fool enough to believe that the rever- sion would be anywhere near complete. At times there came a look on his friend's face that told Red that no matter how little Hopalong had feared death in the old days, he feared it much less now; and once in a while the look said more than that, and Red stuck to him like a shadow. Now that they had decided to return to Montana after their visit to the old Bar-20 ranch and its neighborhood, Red was beginning to wonder what the end of that long trail would do for his friend. He plainly could see those two graves on the hillside. The bobbing Adam's apple sent Red back into one of his old stand-bys, and he continued his growling about deserts, an old bone of contention between them. "Nothin' but lizards, Gilas, horned toads, side-winders an' th' like has got any use for a desert; but you ain't got sense enough to know when yo're well off! Tain't that yo're gettin' childish: hell, you was alius that way!" "If I had yore disposition--" began Hopalong with warming interest. "It'd be plumb ruined by now!" inter- rupted Red. "I'd go hang myself," continued Hopa- long. "You can kick up more damn fuss about a little desert than any man I ever knowed!" "Why wouldn't I?" demanded Red, glaring. "For near twenty years you've knowed I hate a desert worse'n I do a hoss thief, but for near twenty years you ain't been happy unless you was draggin' me over one! If there's any in these United States that you ain't fried me on it's only because you ain't never heard tell of it! You've even drug me into Mexico, an' fried me there! I'm tellin' you we ain't crossin' no deserts we can ride around: that's flat!" "Flat as yore head!" retorted Hopalong. He glanced at the repeating Winchester in his friend's saddle scabbard, and sneered. Red looked at the huge, single-shot Sharps in Hopalong's saddle sheath, and snorted. "Huh!" said Hopalong. "Huh!" said Red. After a ride in pugnacious silence, Hop- along grunted and cleared his throat. "Mebby we're a pair of fools to ride back to th' old ranch," he said. "It'll be terrible changed. There'll be wire fences, irrigatin' ditches, dams, railroads, school - houses an' churches. It'll mebby make us sick." "We usually are a pair of fools when we're together," replied Red. "Reckon we'll find any of th' old crowd on th' other ranches?" "Don't know; but we got to go an' find out." "What's th' cow country cornin' to, any- how?" demanded Red, with feeling. "To a better land," answered Hopalong, thoughtfully. "Might as well be honest about it, much as it hurts. It's crops, an' towns an' schoolhouses that make a coun- try; but it shore is an awful dose to swal- ler. Times are changin', Red: we're outa step." Red's amazement at his friend's calm acceptance of what was to him a calamity was too much for words. 484 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. "You hear a lot of bellerin' from old- time cowmen about th' good old days bein' gone forever," continued Iiopalong. "They were good old days, for cowmen, an' they done their part. They had to be; an' they had to go. Of course it'll be a long time before th' open range is all gone. Th' edges'll go first, an' along th' streams an' railroads. It's th' last that'll count, an' count fast. It would take a long time for th' farmers to work through th' cow coun- try if they could only inch in from th' edges; but now that they're workin' both ways in th' middle of th' range, from three, four railroads, it'll move fast. You don't reckon I'd 'a' let William, Jr., grow up to be a cow-puncher, do you, if he'd lived?" Red muffled a curse. There it was again: swinging back to the one thought uppermost. Hopalong had taken delight in looking forward to the training of his son, to making an upstanding man out of him. He had molded johnny Nelson into a man who was a credit to any community, and he had been anxious to mold his son into another. Red changed the subject. "When we get through down South an' get back to th' SV, are we stayin' very long with Johnny, or pushin' right on?" "We'll stay a day or two," replied Hop- along, his face clouding. Johnny Nelson was very close to his heart. "Funny how a man changes his mind. When we left Montanny last year for th' SV, I figgered I could spend th' rest of my days there. Huh! Red, do you know that we're just a couple of tramps? Respectable, an' above stealin' an' beggin': but tramps, just th' same? What chance has a breed like ourn got, that's alius rollin' on, to hold th' range ag'in' a bunch like nesters, that settle down an' take root? We're tramps. We're like- wise a pair of fools. Who but two fools would start from th' SV to ride hoss-back to Montanny? There's railroads, ain't there?" Red flared. "Yes; but who'd ride on th' damn things while he had a cayuse? You know what'd happen to th' railroads if I had my way, don't you?" Hopalong laughed. "Ain't no use bitin' me, Carrot-Top! I hate 'em worse'n you do. We admits we hate 'em; but so does folks hate nasty medicine. They take it just th' same. Only two fools would choose cayuses an' a trail near two thousan' miles long, when they could go by train." This was the task they had set for them- selves. After their return to the SV for a few days' visit they would start for another ranch, up in Montana, where most of their old-time outfit worked for their old-time foreman, and where range conditions were more to their liking. Spring had come upon them and tempted them to make the journey on horseback, since their time was their own, and they both hated trains. To go over the old trails again, keeping spring with them part of the way, would be worth the effort;- to live over in memory days that would come no more, and to review condi- tions already past; to test their memories of trails and old-time fords; to find dead towns which they once had known alive, and new towns where none had been. All this was a sufficient lure, and did not need the added zest of possible adventures which might be dumped out on them from fate's big bag. They had plenty of money, were accustomed to long distances in the saddle, and to hardships, and they looked forward to that ride with a keen eagerness. "Tramps, huh?" grunted Red, scowling. "Tramps," said Hopalong, nodding. They topped a hill and started down the slope toward a nester's house situated in a mess of barbed wire. His land was di- vided into small parcels bearing different kinds oJ crops, and each was separated from those around it by three strands of wire. The outer, inclosing fence, was of five strands. "Betcha he's got a barb-wire watch chain," growled Red in strong disgust. "Betcha he's been pestered sick by cows," chuckled Hopalong, who knew that hatred for the nester. "Still hate 'em, don't you, Carrot-Top?" "No more'n you do!" retorted Red, sav- agely. "Yes," answered his companion. "I still hate 'em, though I know I'm wrong. Habit, I reckon. Just th' same, they're tryin' to make a livin' th' only way they know how. They're makin' th' country, an' they've come to stay." HOPALONG CASSIDY RETURNS. 485 After tying their animals a safe distance from the outer fence they headed for the house, and had to open and close three gates, all liberally strung with barbed wire. As they reached the porch they heard a hail and looked up to see a man running toward them. "Got 'em yet?" called the nester, care- fully climbing a barbed wire fence. "Loco," grunted Hopalong. "Most nesters are," replied Red dog- matically, looking at the fences as if they were proof of his statement. "Ever see so much wire on so little ground?" "Did they git away?" asked the nester, climbing another fence. He paused to loosen carefully the seat of his trousers from a barb. "They oughta be wrapped in a green hide an' left in th' sun, damn 'em!" "Lots he knows about a green hide," muttered Red. "Heard tell about 'em, I reckon," re- plied his companion. Safely over the last fence the nester hur- ried toward them, but stopped short a few paces away and stared at Hopalong. Then he swore softly. "Damn! Took ye fer th' sheriff, an' a deppity! But mebby ye are?" "Only a couple of pilgrims," said Hop- along. "Stopped to get a drink an' fill our canteens. So I look like th' sheriff, huh?" "Dead ringer, even to yore hoss. Shore you ain't him?" At their denial he looked a little sus- picious, but his expression changed as he took in the details of their persons. They in no way resembled the descriptions of the Ferret or Janssen, and their red hair was an assurance that neither was Mesquite Jenkins. He beamed on them, and hoped if the three desperadoes paid him a visit they would do so before these craggy per- sons had left the premises. "Set a while, strangers. Have a little somethin' to clear a way for th' water?" The two friends grinned and nodded, and spoke the same words in unison. "Don't mind if we do!" "Wait a shake," said the host, hurrying into the house, and in a few moments he was becoming pleasantly acquainted with his guests. "You said somethin' about us gettin' somethin'," suggested Hopalong. "Yeah: th' snakes that robbed Sim Por- ter an' killed Nancy Smithers," said the nester, and told them about the crimes. The robbery, audacious as it had been, was swept out of their minds by the brutal and revolting murder of the woman. "She must 'a' met th' Ferret while he was escapin', an' mebby got in his way," said their host. "Her throat was cut, an' knife play is th' Ferret's long suit. They say he'll kill fer th' fun of watchin' th' blood spurt out." The visitors' replies were appropriate, and after an hour's talk the two travelers arose and departed, following their host's directions toward the nearest water, which was Cottonwood Creek. As they paused on the top of the ridge they smiled at the tiny pasture across the placid stream, set like a jewel between the clean sand of the creek bed and the strag- gling line of timber just beyond. Here was grass, water, and fuel, and here they would spend the night. The streams had been getting farther apart and they knew they were coming to the fringe of the desert stretch which already had given them a bone for their wrangling. "Don't reckon we can improve on that," said Hopalong, scanning the pasture. "We got plenty of time, an' I feel like loafin' th' rest of th' day. Be good chance to wash up, too." "It's mebby th' last water for a long ride," rejoined Red, scowling as he pictured the hated Staked Plain. Hopalong smiled. "Owin' to yore bull- headed nature we ain't crossin' no desert this trip. We'll go round it. I see I gotta humor you like a baby." "Since that nester said you looked like th' sheriff you've been all swelled up," re- torted Red. "You ain't got sense enough to reckon that lookin' like th' sheriff is meb- by dangerous around here right now." He sneered. "Surprised you ain't never run for sheriff." Hopalong chuckled. "Seein' th' mess you made of th' job, besides near gettin' 486 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. married to that Wallace girl, I ain't been hankerin' for no sheriff's job." Red flushed. He was a married man now, but he did not marry Stell Wallace. He was glad on both counts; but the way she had led him on, and then thrown him into the discard for a preacher did not set lightly on him. This was some years before, and he had mooched around with a broken heart, fearing that it would not prove fatal, and the perspective given by the passing of time made him smart by the picture it showed him: the picture of a red headed fool, a fool past all belief. "Ain't you never goin' to forget nothin' that ever happened?" demanded Red, with heat. "When it comes to rakin' over damn fool things outa th' past, I got a two-hand rake of my own! Yo're th' last man on earth that wants to start any rakin', when I'm around, an' you know it! Couple more peeps outa you, an' I'll give you somethin' to listen to!" Hopalong looked coldly into his friend's eyes. "Some rainy day when we're back with th' rest of th' boys, I'll rake with you, an' leave it to a vote. You got a lot of gall blat- tin' about yore two-hand rake. There ain't no man on earth that's made as many fool plays as you have!" "Huh!" snorted Red, leading the way down the slope. "You look like th' sheriff! He's got my sympathy! Come on, you cow thief." They wrangled down the hill, across the creek and while they put the camp in order, stopping only when they had run out of the more prominent reminiscences of asinine episodes; but truth compels the ad- mission that Red dug up three to his com- panion's one. Hopalong looked around the camp and then at the creek. "'Tain't deep enough to swim in," he said; "but I can get wet all over." "'Bout time, too," said Red, picking up his rifle. "I'm goin' off an' shoot some- thin' to eat. Anyhow, th' crick won't be fit for me to wash in for a long time after you get through." "Huntin', huh?" grunted Hopalong. "It's a good thing we get plenty of grub!" Red scorned to reply and drifted into the brush. As the best rifle shot in the South- west he did not have to defend himself against the slurs of any man, not even the best six-gun expert he ever had seen. Hopalong fooled around the camp, but finally undressed and went in the creek, whose waters, although very warm, felt good. He was generous in his use of the soap and tossed it up on the bank, rinsing himself well before he followed it. He was parading for the sun and the wind to dry him when a head raised behind the farther bank and a six-gun roared. II. Miles away from Cottonwood Creek, Mesquite Jenkins drew back from the eager, brilliant greasewood fire and looked out across it. "Like coyotes, we are," he growled. "Eatin' poor grub, livin' in fear of our own shadders, hangin' round th' edge of th' desert, swallerin' sand an' alkali in our eatin', drinkin' an' breathin'. I've had too damned much of it!" The little man across from him tossed a handful of greasewood on the blaze and watched its sizzling, popping, sputtering flare. "It's better'n Judge Lynch," he mum- bled, looking at Mesquite through narrowed lids. To his face came an expression re- markably like the cunning leer of a fox, momentarily dominating his habitual ex- pression of stark cruelty. "Our trail's two weeks old. They lost it. Give 'em an- other week to go back to their reg'lar jobs. This place just suits me." Mesquite idly picked up another plant stem and tossed it on the fire, swore at its sudden stink, smelled his fingers and looked from the Ferret to Janssen. The latter's broad face was expressionless, almost stu- pid, for the man ran to bulk and tremendous physical strength. He was the third factor in a temporary and deadly combination, his stolid, unimaginative nature rounding out the attributes of the trio. The conversation had made little impression on him, not enough to shift his gaze from the explosive fire, from which now came a thread of HOPALONG CASSIDY RETURNS. 487 malodorous smoke, the contribution of the stinkweed. Yeah," drawled Mesquite. "Reckon it would suit you. To me it stinks like that," pointing to the poorly burning stink- weed stem. He pulled out his tobacco sack, dumped the few grains of fine, dry dust in his hand and then hurled dust and sack into the fire. "Huh! Suits you!" he sneered. The Swede awkwardly tossed his own sack at Mesquite's crossed legs. "Der's some," he grunted placidly. Mesquite tossed it back again, his scowl- ing face a gargoyle in the flickering fire- light, but before it struck the ground the Ferret's lean hand darted out and caught it. The greediness of the motion and the look on his face deepened Mesquite's sneer, and the youngster continued: "I'm ridin' on real soon. They couldn't 'a' got a look at our clothes in that light, an' all they can remember of our faces is th' handkerchiefs. We made a mistake, leavin' town at all. I want smokin', an' I'm goin' to get it." The Ferret grinned, and his grin was something which Mesquite was beginning to regard with a curious and flaming hatred. It was too oily, too smirky, too ingratiating- ly greasy, patently false to the real nature of the man. Mesquite knew him to be as coldly ferocious as the animal whose name he had been given, that he loved cruelty and blood as much as any member of the weasel family. Something in the youth's nature rebelled at everything the other stood for. He eyed the grin, recognized its obvious hypocrisy, and thought that the fox in his companion was becoming too plain these days. The grin was thoroughly foxlike, but the little eyes burning like coals under the sloping forehead gave it the lie. No matter what traits he might endeavor to assume, the ferret was a ferret still. Each of these men had their share of the rob- bery, and for some days Mesquite had de- tected something in the Ferret's eyes that he did not like. "That's all right for you," cunningly replied the Ferret, serenely confident of out- witting this youth who had not yet reached twenty. "Yo're built like eight out of ten of th' men you'll meet. There's two dozen like you in both them towns. You could 'a' slipped into th' line-up at any bar an' been safe. Janssen an' me couldn't. There ain't another man hereabouts that looks like either of us. Where you aimin' to ride to?" "Johnsville," answered Mesquite, "an' then I'm goin' on to a ranch--alone!" "Yohnsville ban best," grunted Janssen. "Sheriff's just as likely to be there as at Cactus," said the Ferret, his beady eyes sparkling with a sudden thought. His gun- fighting companion, banking on his average stature, overlooked one thing, and that was enough to hang him. Even during his short stay in the town he had been identified with the seven-foot Swede and the little wizened man; and both the latter had been glimpsed in their get-away. They had left town by different directions, and met again when well beyond it; but the Ferret had let his lust for killing turn a robbery into some- thing which had aroused the whole country to a pitch of rage beyond all precedent. This his companions did not know, and he dared not tell them; but he was over jealous of the secret, overalert to keep it hidden, so suspicious of careless words and looks that he had aroused a feeling of distrust in the youth. This had grown steadily and rapidly. There was another factor that widened the breach: these three men, so entirely un- suited to each other for constant associa- tion, had been uninterruptedly together for too long a time; and little things which would have called for a laugh in the com- panionship of others now threatened to be- come deadly. Mesquite looked at the little man calmly, provocatively, restraining the annoying urge of bis wizard gun hand. During their swift and hard pressed flight, their twist- ings and turnings, and the cunningly con- trived doubling under the lead of the Fer- ret which had brought them to safety under the very noses of their enemies; during the idle loafing in this desert hiding place with- in a day's ride of either town, where they had rested while the posses searched farther afield--during all this time Mesquite had felt his gorge rising, and knew that if he remained in the other's company another 488 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. day a quarrel would flare up like the eager flames of a greasewood fire and end in swift death to one or both. "They must 'a' been mad as hell to chase us like they did," commented Mes- quite thoughtfully. "Seemed like it was somethin' personal, somethin' pizen an' des- perate, in every man of 'em. I could feel it!" The Ferret closed his eyes for a moment and then opened them to grin again, and he held the grin unchanged while the ex- pression of the youth's face made him vi- brate with the feeling of quick, close dan- ger. He estimated the distance across the little fire, but found the other's eyes riveted to his own, and he dropped the lids to mask the lust that blazed in them. "I can mebby explain that," he said, chuckling to keep the other's animosity from crystallizing into a sudden exposition of deadly sleight-of-hand. He had a vast and wondering respect for the youth's draw, which baffled sight; and he knew the gun- man to be swaying perilously toward an overt act. It never would do to chance another day with him; he must be killed while he slept. "Yeah?" drawled Mesquite softly, al- most caressingly. Unknowingly, he was de- liberately imitating, so far as he knew, a man he had never seen. "Yes. We took it off Sim Porter, with his outfit close by. It was a personal loss, an' a personal insult." "Huh!" muttered Mesquite doubtfully. "I dunno. They was deadly as wolves. I could feel th' hatred in th' air. Janssen, what you think?" The Swede puffed calmly at his reeking pipe, and took a long time to consider it, turning it over and over in his mind; then he shook his head. "Ay tank you talk vords--yust vords." The Ferret sneered. "Any meanin' that ain't two-plus-two would sound like words, an' nothin' else, to him. That was too sub- tile for Janssen." "Ya-as, maype; but Ay ban feel fooney w'en Ay tank about das chase," said Janssen hopelessly, helplessly and awk- wardly. "Ay don't know yust how to say it." Mesquite's glance had flashed from the Ferret to the Swede and back again, his gun hand bothering him, his whole body tingling with suspicion and hostility. The Ferret's lids narrowed again, and the gleam in the weazel eyes was cold and stark. They peered out through the merest slits to baf- fle the gunman's searching gaze. It must be plain indeed if Janssen felt it! For half a minute the two stared at each other across the noisy fire, one trying to read, the other to keep him from doing it. Mesquite's eyes were wide open, frankly suspicious and accusing, for he was so in- tent on his visual inquiries that he forgot to hide what he should have hidden. From the Ferret's eyes only the reflected glint from the flickering fire told that he was watching the gunman, watching almost breathlessly. The guilty knowledge of a damnably atrocious murder did not bother him of itself; but the crime seemed to be spreading through the darkness and calling out his guilt. For days he had not been able to act naturally, and the more he had tried to do so, the more he had failed. Mesquite appeared to relax, but the Fer- ret was too cunning to be caught like that, and he only smiled. His own speed of hand for knife throwing was known to his companions, and in the Mesquite's wariness he read that knowledge and a deep respect for his deadliness. Then, the gunman slowly and clumsily arose from his cross-legged position, but not for an instant did he allow himself to get into a posture which would cramp or interfere with his draw. The Fer- ret still smiled, a cold sneer flickering about his pale, thin lips. He watched Mesquite pick up his saddle and step farther and farther back into the encircling gloom, until at last only his cheek bones greasily reflected the light of the fire. During that slow retreat the Ferret, frozen by the knowledge that every added foot operated in favor of the gun as against the knife; rigid with the knowledge that to move, to speak, even to change the expres- sion on his face, might instantly crystallize the gunman's thoughts into precipitate and eye-baffling action; knowing that he made a fair target, picked out of the darkness by the firelight, and one the other would HOPALONG CASSIDY RETURNS. 489 not miss; knowing that he was standing in the Open Door, he sat immovable, his face set, his chest barely rising and falling. And as he sat there like a statue a cold rage was flooding him from scalp to toes. For this strain and torment he some day would take full payment. Janssen, bulking huge in the light of the hissing fire, felt uncomfortable without knowing why, and shifted his position as he looked curiously after the departing gun- man. He turned up the collar of his coat, wriggled in his loose clothing, and reached his great, thick hands toward the blaze. The chill of the desert's night air seemed to have increased swiftly in the last few minutes. "Ay ban colt," he growled. "T'row on some greasevood, Yimmy. It burns like tinder." The Ferret ignored him, scarcely, heard him, and kept his position unchanged. The light on the cheek bones had died out, but still he did not move. There came the tin- kle of a cinch ring striking other metal, a leathery creak, and then milling hoofs, but the darkness hid all movement. Then the gunman's voice reached the two at the fire. It was harsh, dry, strained. "So-long, Janssen." "Vat you mean?" asked the Swede in surprise. "You ban go away, Mesquite?" He listened for an answer, but it did not come. When the sounds of the horse died away, he turned to his companion, and then squinted at the beads of sweat standing out on the sloping forehead. The Ferret's face glistened with moisture. "Yimminy! An'Ay ban feel colt!" "Cornin' or stayin'?" suddenly demand- ed the Ferret, bounding to his feet. With Mesquite roaming in the darkness there would be no sleep for the little man that night, unless he shifted. He still tingled with apprehension, any moment fearing a shot. "Vat?" asked Janssen, astonished. He felt of the tobacco sack in his pocket, and glanced at the scanty pile of provisions at the edge of the firelight. "T'ought ve vas goin' to stay here a vile more?" "Did you?" grunted the Ferret, his mind on other things. He wiped a sleeve across his face and glared into the night. "You damned big fool!" he snarled as the mean- ing of the words crept through a rift in his thoughts. "You've been looking death in the face an' didn't have brains enough to know it! Meet you a month from to-night at the cabin!" An evil grin twisted his face. "Mesquite won't bother us if he goes to either of them towns. He's near as dumb as you!" He whirled around and left the fire. "I stay here a vile yet, vere's it safe," said Janssen, blinking at the fire. He heard the swift departure of another horse, and was alone on the desert. Emptying his stinking pipe he reached for his blankets, ready to spend the rest of the night in deep and tranquil sleep. "Vere it's safe," he grunted as he snuggled down. The desert chill grew swiftly as the fire shrank, but there remained enough of the flickering light to glisten sinuously on some- thing which moved sluggishly from the east to the west along the ground; a steely, flex- ible length of reflected light, traveling with a peculiar, sidewise motion toward the blan- ket swathed bulk near the fire, where a gratifying animal heat could be found. Reaching the sleeping man the glistening streak moved back and forth along the blanket, and then slowly flowed around the upper end as the weak fire died out alto- gether. The sleeper stirred, fumbled clumsily at something coiled on his laboring chest, then screamed curses and clutched the writhing sidewinder with viselike hands. Again and again and again a flattened, ovate head struck viciously at the only bare skin within its reach, under which pumped the swiftly coursing jugular stream, a stream now load- ed with jet after jet of venom. III. Mesquite was halfway to Johnsville when day broke, and the coming of light seemed to clarify the doubts in his mind. This was the direct way to the SV ranch, and he had ridden three hundred miles so far to get to that ranch. He had let him- self get cleaned out at poker when he had put up for the night in Johnsville, and had 490 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. been forced to stay there several days in hope of recouping some of his losses; and necessity had thrown him in with two recent companions. They saw that he did not starve, and they got him in their debt; and then, when they judged the time to be ripe, had argued him into acting as lookout while they "turned a trick." He was no moralist, he had no experience to draw upon, and the money had been obtained easily, and pointed out the way of ob- taining more. Only his determination to visit a ranch he never had seen, and the personality of the Ferret had caused him to break away from his two partners in crime. He followed a rock ridge to where it cut across the Cactus-Johnsville trail, thus leav- ing no tracks, and swung along the main highway, the prints of his horse lost in a multitude of others. The trail dipped into a deep arroyo and twisted up the other bank, passing a narrow gully at an angle. Caution made him go on foot up the east bank to see if any travelers were in sight, and not a quarter of a mile from him rode two men whom he knew at a glance; the sheriff and a deputy. Mesquite slipped back to his horse, led it carefully into the gully and scattered dry leaves over the faint tracks. Then he hid himself and waited for the riders to pass by. They came steadily nearer and soon he could make out their words. "Don't know his name," said the sheriff. "Never saw him before he showed up in town a couple days before th' robbery. Didn't take much notice of him, but some of th' boys did. Ain't no doubt he was in it. He was hangin' round with th' Fer- ret an' Janssen, an' when they disappeared, he disappeared." "Wonder if he had a hand in butcherin' Nancy Smithers?" queried the deputy. "That was th' Ferret's work!" snapped the sheriff. "He's off his head when it comes to usin' a knife. Nobody but him would 'a' killed a harmless woman, or butchered her like that if he did kill her. No matter what I do with th' other two if I get 'em, I know what I'll do with th' Ferret. Lemme get my--" Mesquite strained to hear the rest of it, but the words had become too faint. He caressed the handle of his gun, the Ferret's evil face in his mind. From what he had heard of their careless talk about their cabin rendezvous he had a pretty shrewd idea of where it lay. He waited until it was safe to leave his hiding place and then rode rapidly away, eager to do the sheriff's -work for him, and to that extent ease his own feelings. For three days he rode hard, covering his trail by every trick he knew, and despite his youthfulness he knew plenty of them. Experience would perfect them, but they would serve him in his present need. He made use of three creeks and several great stretches of rocky ground, and now he felt secure from any pursuit. There would be nothing to fear for another day, and then he would need all his wits against a man old in experience, and filled with animal cunning. When Cottonwood Creek was reached he would have to watch for the Ferret, supposedly ahead of him. The Ferret was not ahead of him, for he was too cunning to lead the way to the cabin and have a deadly enemy on his trail. The Ferret did not believe that the youngster was stupid enough to ride in the direction of Johnsville, and had taken the remark as having been made to throw him off; so he circled wide and killed time un- til assured that Mesquite was well on his way. The gunman, not knowing the exact or even approximate location of the cabin, would have to hunt for it, and the Ferret would settle matters to his own satisfaction. When the little man swung in the direction of his rendezvous with the Swede, intend- ing to lay low there until the other arrived, he wasted no effort in trying to pick up the gunman's trail, knowing this to be useless for a while: he knew where the trail would lead. The Ferret pushed on at a steady lope, which he would hold until he came to the upper reaches of Cottonwood Creek. From there on he would use the coyote cunning which had made him famous, or infamous, depending on the viewpoint. Cottonwood Creek was still half a day's ride when Mesquite accidentally came to a tiny spring under a mass of bowlders, the HOPALONG CASSIDY RETURNS. 491 shrinking waters of which were sucked up by the sand before they had gone a hun- dred yards. He was tired, his horse was tired, and he knew the value of a rest where horseflesh was concerned. Swinging from the saddle he stripped it off, picketed the horse to graze on the scanty grass about the wetted sand and prepared a fire of diy wood, whose tenuous column of smoke would broadcast no warning to hostile eyes. A small frying pan and a coffee pot made the total of his culinary equipment, and both soon were resting on the blaze. The Ferret's empty canteen warned him to consider mileage, and the warning was given added weight by the condition of his mount. Cottonwood Creek lay a full day's ride to the southwest, but half a day's ride more to the east was Bowlder Spring, not known to many. It would take him to a good noon camp, and from it on to the creek was but half a day's travel. There was no reason save instinctive cau- tion that made the little man scout about before he rode up to the spring, but as on many previous occasions the caution saved him. To his surprise he saw the gunman sitting cross-legged before his cunning fire, calmly eating and drinking. The Ferret's beady eyes glinted and a ghastly grin played on his face. Here was luck! Here was his quarry open to his attack, un- suspicious, placidly eating. Here was food, water, plunder; here was revenge and the assurance of future safety! It was like a draft of cold air to a fevered brow. Should he return to his horse for his rifle, or allow himself the pleasure given by his favorite weapon? This he decided quickly. The Ferret slipped among the bowlders, working closer and closer to his victim with the stealth and cunning of a predatory cat. Foot by foot, yard by yard, he advanced, down wind of the grazing horse and secure from its curiosity. He fixed his eyes on a ledge rising up the height of a man behind a bulwark of bowlders, the space between the two forming a natural trench. From that spot he could throw hard and true. He fixed his gaze on the base of Mes- quite's neck and in his mind's eye he could see the pulsing jugular under the skin; but he did not make the mistake of looking too long and steadily. He had known men to be warned by a steady gaze. With infinite patience he approached the ledge, all his interest on the fire, gained it and crouched behind the wall of rocks, peer- ing through an interstice at the unsuspecting youngster not thirty feet away. He set his feet solidly, the right foot a step to the rear; he tensed himself, swinging the right side and shoulder back, his right arm going out behind. In his hand lay the heavy throw- ing knife, its point and double edge razor keen. Mesquite leaned over to reach for the coffee pot, his head for a moment turned away, and in that moment the Ferret straightened out of his crouch and his up- raised hand reached swiftly backward over the rim of the ledge to poise for the briefest instant; but something streaked to meet it from the hot sand above, and the driving fangs hung in the flesh, so deeply had they been driven. Even this shock did not stop the motion already begun, and the hand flashed forward, but flashed wildly, without aim or direction, and from the thrower's throat came an exclamation of terror. Mesquite whirled and shot like a streak of light, dropped the smoking gun into its holster and hurried toward the bowlders and the ledge, not for one moment doubting the. sureness of his aim. He rolled the body over with a contemptuous, careless foot and then ducked back with a strangled curse: the flashing head had barely missed him. He drew his gun and was about to kill the snake when he checked himself. His mental picture of that open mouth did not show the fangs, and he looked down at the outflung hand near his feet. Two fangs, their points embedded in the meta- carpals, gave him.the explanation. "Much obliged, Wriggly," he grunted, bowing to the coiled reptile, whose whirring rattles now whirred a lie, and he turned back to finish his meal, chuckling with sat- isfaction. IV. Hopalong, standing on the bank of the creek, gasped and staggered, vaguely con- scious of a shot close by. The dogged per- 492 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. sistence and grim courage which had em- blazoned his name high throughout the Southwest sent him reeling into the thicket, hardly knowing what he was doing. First he must get out of sight and then try for his guns. On the other side of the creek, Mesquite held up a smoking six-gun, cursing the nervous horse that had made him shoot high, and the persistence of his pursuers. How had they figured he would pass this way? Had they captured Janssen and made him talk? Had they learned about the cabin, and figured he would head for it? He had no doubt that the man he had just shot was Sheriff Dutton: the man's face was not the only thing, for his limp, and the horse grazing near the creek would admit of no doubt. Mesquite cursed this unexpected danger so close to him when he had believed himself secure from any pursuit, and he whirled his tired horse and spurred away, desperately anxious to get a start on the deputies. Ordinarily Red Conners would have paid slight attention to a shot, but to his mind came what he had heard from the nester. Ten minutes after the report had died away, Red pushed through the brush and entered the camp. "Here, Red," answered Hopalong, drag- ging himself from the thicket. "Creased me. Shot without warnin', cold an' de- liberate. Never mind me: get that - -! I tell you I'm all right: get him!" "Told you lookin' like a sheriff was sometimes dangerous!" growled Red, pick- ing up his friend and carrying him to a little sandy niche in the bank, from where he would have to watch only in one direc- tion. He hastened back to him with cloth- ing and weapons, canteen and food, cursed him affectionately, then made a running jump into his saddle. The tracks were plain, and told of speed and a direct flight; but to Red's eyes they also told of a weary horse. He leaned for- ward slightly and spoke to his mount, and thereupon the wind whistled past his ears. After an hour's riding he sighted the fugi- tive climbing a rise. The other looked back and strove to increase the speed of his horse, which was not wise after the long, hard journey it had made from the Cactus- Johnsville trail. Mesquite's backward glance showed him that he was being hotly pursued by one man. Then a bullet screamed past his ear, and another tore the sombrero from his head. Again he glanced back and saw the rifleman racing on again. He was all of a thousand yards distant, but he had shot as if it were a quarter of that range. Mesquite told himself it was lucky shooting. No man could come so close twice in succes- sion, against a running target, at a thou- sand yards, except by luck; and then he cursed as a red-hot welt sprang across the top of his shoulder and he felt the hot blood trickling down his back and chest. He in- stantly reversed himself about that ques- tion of luck, and looked eagerly ahead of him at a thicket, which rose up among and around masses of tumbled rocks and bowl- ders; and he exulted as he neared it. It were suicide to flee on a slowing horse from a man who shot as if he were the devil straight from hell; but once in that cover he would show the deputy what shooting was! His mount wavered, and swift spurs cov- ered its heaving sides with blood; and at the edge of the thicket Mesquite leaped from the saddle and landed behind a line of bowlders as a lead splotch appeared on the rock and a wailing scream died out in the sky. He didn't give a second thought to the canteen and the food on his horse: he could get them after dark, when he would be on his way again, and once more free from pursuing enemies. Playing I- spy among the rocks was one of the best things he did. He crept swiftly among the bowlders to get away from this place and to hole up within sight of it, there to wait and let the other do the hunting, or until night fell and gave him a chance to steal the other's comparatively fresh horse and get away. He wiggled and crept farther and farther back, moving higher and higher up the gen- tle slope. At last he came to a nest of rocks which overlooked the whole edge of the cover, and once among them he would be content to watch and wait. He peered out between two bowlders and caught sight HOPALONG CASSIDY RETURNS. 493 of the grazing horse, picketed well to the west. There was no sign of its owner, but sooner or later he would move about; and if he moved about, in due course he would show himself for a moment. Mesquite was pushing himself back, feet first, among the rocks of the nest, when he caught sight of a shadow moving on a bowl- der between him and the edge of the cover, and he shifted his rifle a few inches, peer- ing along the sights. The shadow grew and took on the shape of a man's head and sombrero, and the fugitive chuckled as he estimated the range, which was point blank, and he tightened his finger on the trigger. Then the shadow flowed back again, and he grunted in disappointment. The deputy was choosing the far side of the bowlder for his advance. That meant he would come into sight from behind it on the right, and Mesquite intended to be ready for him. He sneered as a sombrero arose from be- hind the rock, and he held his fire. It moved gently up and down, inviting him; but it invited in vain. Only a tenderfoot would bite on a bait like that. The posi- tion in which he lay was cramping for a shot to the right, and he pushed back far- ther into the opening among the rocks so his head and shoulders would clear the rock he lay behind and let him twist to its other side for a better shot. The fool still moved his sombrero up and down, as if any one with sense would let drive at a thing like that, and give away his position! Shifting quickly, Mesquite's legs pushed against a piled up mass of debris stacked there against the rocks by some high wind; and with the pressure of his knees there came something which made him jump convulsively. The impact of a weighty body and two sharp, stinging punctures in his leg. Across his mind flashed the picture of the end of the Ferret, and then to his nostrils came a sudden, rank gust of the copperhead odor. The jump had carried him a little wide of the protecting rock, and he no sooner had touched the ground again than he rolled part way over and lay limp. The sharp rifle crack from the right was followed by a cloud of gray-white smoke, drifting gently with the wind, and Red Connors slowly arose, pumping another cartridge into the chamber of his weapon, although he knew he would have no imme- diate use for it. He was hatless, and the hot sun on his thin hair was not agreeable. He watched the victim of his shot, and then decided to have a quick look at him for the sake of formality, and climbed up the slope. Red sniffed suspiciously before the rock pile, and searched for signs of snakes. Fie found none, and his widening glance showed him why a made-to-order snake den contained no reptiles. All around the rock pile the ground was covered with lay- ers of cactus leaves without a break, ex- cept where the fugitive had cleared a way through them with the butt of his rifle. Red stooped and examined some of the stems, but they had dried out, and he could not be sure of what he suspected. If a chaparral cock had placed diem there it must have been a long time ago. He went around the rock and glanced at the figure huddled beside it, but his gaze immediately settled on a small, partly dried organ cactus which had fallen across one of the legs. He reached over and picked it up, eying it curiously. It resisted his first, careless effort, not because of its de- ceptive weight alone, but also because two of its longest, thickest spines had gone through the fugitive's trousers and skin, and deep into the flesh beneath them. Red tossed it aside, greatly puzzled, and went down the slope to get his sombrero off the plant on which it bobbed up and down in the wind, a tempting bait for a rifleman, but more useful to show falsely a man's position. He mounted and rode back to- ward the creek, his suspicions gradually becoming accepted. "Huh! Imagination's a great thing. Shore as shootin' he reckoned he was struck by a snake!" Back at the rock pile Mesquite opened his eyes, weak, dazed and utterly confused. He lay motionless for a few moments, then rolled over: again he shrank from the touch of fangs, and by a great effort raised his head and looked down his leg. What he saw' meant nothing to him for a moment, and then the meaning slowly dawned on him. A look of relief passed across his face, and he closed his eyes to rest a while be. 494 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. fore making any attempt to get to his horse. Anyhow, it would be safer after dark. The crescent moon smiled down upon the rugged plain, across which a tired horse plodded, its rider roped to the saddle and fighting to keep his consciousness; and shortly after dawn Johnny Nelson stared along the trail then, mounting hurriedly, raced to the inert body hanging from the saddle on a stumbling horse. Three hours later Doc Reed closed the bedroom door behind him and lit a stogy. He smiled at his one-time enemy, and at his enemy's wife. "He'll come along aflyin'," he said. "Mostly loss of blood an' exhaustion. Th' wound only stunned him: ain't no signs of fracture. You'll be surprised how soon he'll be bustin' cayuses. Solid muscle an' whalebone; stubborn as an ornery cow, an' young! That's th' thing, Johnny: youth! Lord, how it eats punishment!" Next week: "THE BOBCAT PAUSES." THE BOATMAN OF KINSALE HIS kiss is sweet, his word is kind, His love is rich to me; I could not in a palace find A truer heart than he. The eagle shelters not his nest From hurricanes and hail More bravely than he guards my breast-- The Boatman of Kinsale. The wind that round the Fastnet sweeps Is not a whit more pure, The goat that down the Cnoc Sheehy leaps Has not a foot more sure. No firmer hand nor freer eye E'er faced an autumn gale, De Courcy's heart is not so high-- The Boatman of Kinsale. The brawling squires may heed him not, The dainty stranger sneer, But who will dare to hurt our cot When Miles O'Hea is here? The scarlet soldiers pass along: They'd like, but fear to rail: His blood is hot, his blow is strong-- The Boatman of Kinsale. His hooker's in the Scilly van, When seines are in the foam, But money never made the man, Nor wealth a happy home. So, bless'd with love and liberty, While he can trim a sail, He'll trust in God, and cling to me-- The Boatman of Kinsale. Thomas Osborne Davis . Out of the Moon By  HOMER EON FLINT Author of "The Man in the Moon," "The Missing Mondays,"etc. CHAPTER I. ALONE ON THE MOON. IT is less than twenty hours since the last sky car left for the earth. The car is still visible to me through the telescope; the men will not be home for three days. As for myself, I do not expect ever to set foot upon the earth again. Twenty hours, and already I am feeling lonely. Perhaps it is because I have nothing which must be done. I finished setting up my little house ten hours ago, and another three hours suf- ficed to arrange my equipment just as I shall need it for the rest of my days. From now on all that I really have to do is to sit still and enjoy my freedom. But there is no denying that, so far, I haven't obtained much satisfaction from the sensation. That is why I decided to sit down at this typewriter, to set forth the situation in which I now find myself. Not that I expect it will ever be read by any one else; such a thing is virtually impossi- ble. But the effort will serve to make me forget my temporary loneliness. Moreover, if I make this a habit, the record will amount to a diary, to which I can refer if ever I come to doubt my sanity. To be all alone is a very serious matter. First, to state the reasons why I, Philip Foster, of the firm of Bates &amp; Foster, con- structing engineers, should have exiled my- self here on the moon. Needless to say, I would never put these reasons into black and white if I dreamed that any one would find them. But the facts may come in very handy later on, should I ever need some- thing with which to check up a failing mem- ory. It was because of a woman--Catherine 495 496 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. Brett, the widow of old Millionaire Brett. Being under thirty, she had the advantage of youth; and in many ways she was an ex- ceptionally attractive and accomplished woman. But I am, and presumably always shall be, an extremely bashful man. Although a member of a family to which social de- portment is second nature, I always suffered acutely in the presence of any woman be- tween fifteen and fifty. The only way that I could feel even slightly at ease was to agree, like a dunce, with everything that was said; and those few words explain the whole shameful affair. Catherine made up her mind to marry me. I think it was social position that she was set upon. Brett had left her a great deal of money, but not enough to buy her way into the circles which I, merely because my great- grandparents happened to have been "the Philadelphia Fosters," enjoyed through no virtue of my own. And, having determined to marry me, Catherine lost no time in set- ting the snare. Now, let me make it clear that I find no fault with the lady. I don't wish to read this over, when I am an old man, and be made bitter because of her memory. Catherine was a firm believer in the theory of propinquity; she felt positive that, once we were married, love would develop be- tween us quite as a matter of course. And she counted upon that love to take care of any differences of opinion and custom which might arise. For certainly there were some very vivid differences. She was a beautiful woman, slender, graceful and tantalizingly languid in her manner; her face had a wistful quality which made her sought for and fought for by other men, not so diffident as I. But I am a chunkily built fellow, about as graceful as a donkey engine, and as practical. The only redeeming thing about my face is an optimistic arrangement of some rather large features. In short, I am about the last man on earth whom any woman in her right mind would seek, for his own sake. But Catherine misunderstood my idi- otically agreeable attitude, and thought I had become smitten. Smitten! I, who would rather jump into boiling oil than to seek any woman whom it was possible to dodge! No man of my stamp could ever fall in love with anything so terrorizing, so capable of causing so much utter misery, as a woman; least of all, so thoroughly femi- nine a woman as Catherine Brett. So, without realizing that my weakness was really an incurable curse, Catherine went blithely ahead with her plans. As for what they were, and just how they oper- ated, I cannot say at all. I can merely set down the bare fact that inside of a few weeks I found myself more often in her company than with all other women put together. And invariably I could not es- cape. It will always remain a mystery to me, I suppose. Catherine was a remarkable woman; that much is undeniable. Of course, to another woman it might seem simple enough, the way the game was played; but I am merely a practical scien- tist, and I must confess that, to this day, I retain a vast amount of respect for the woman who could and did trap me in the toils of Cupid. Nevertheless, I wish to be entirely fair. The fact is that I am, by nature, extremely unwilling to hurt anybody's feelings. I am altogether too infernally sensitive about such things. Had I deliberately offended Catherine in the first place, instead of appearing to agree with her, this awful mess wouldn't have come to pass. But I couldn't. So she must have concluded that I was unwilling to propose because I didn't have as much money as she. Accordingly she induced old David Sulzman to engage my services. Now, Sulzman was not far from being a billionaire, and an unusually proud and thoughtful man. He was anxious to have his name perpetuated in a way which would stand against all time, and forever remind the people of the earth that it was once the home of a really great tanner. And he decided that I, largely on Catherine's recommendation, should undertake to erect this monument. 1 A OUT OF THE MOON. 497 I made good. I conceived the idea and carried it through, all without a hitch of any kind. In all probability this monument was the most stupendous engineering feat ever pulled off; I can always get a lot of satisfaction from that fact, no matter how lonely I may become, even though I live to be a hundred. This is what I accomplished: First, I formed the Foster Construction Company, and, by spending Sulzman's money like water, I made preparations on a prodigious scale. I began by erecting a powerful ap- paratus for projecting radioactive sub- stances into space-- "the ray-projector," we called it; and it was set up in South America, not far from Quito. Then, using a new sort of radioactivity which I synthesized several years ago--min- ing the material and refining it on the spot --I developed an antigravitational force of such terrific, unheard-of strength that I w'as able to dislodge the moon! That is to say, I directed enough of "Foster's rays" against one side of the moon to produce a decided reduction in her velocity. Where formerly she had a speed, in her yearly journey round the sun, somewhat greater than that of the earth-- enough to allow her to circle the planet every month--her velocity was now so much reduced that her month was increased to three hundred and sixty-five days. Consequently, since she no longer sailed around the earth every twenty-nine days, she now remained always on that side of the planet farthest from the sun; and, obvious- ly, the earth now has, and always will have, full moon each and every night. But that is not all I did. This reduc- tion in the speed of the moon broke up the former gravitational balance between her and the earth, so that the distance between them is now only one-tenth of what it used to be. In other words--since areas are in proportion to the squares of diameters-- the moonlight on the earth is now a hundred times as great as formerly; and the net re- sult is that the planet does not now need artificial light, and never will, for all time. David Sulzman's money made all this possible. He is immortalized by the fact that the world knows his money did it. And he came to me, as I have said, because Catherine Brett induced him so to do. Well, after the work was about half com- pleted, I came back home to find Catherine firmly convinced that we were engaged. At any rate, she flung herself into my arms in front of a house full of other women; and --what was I to do? In a week or so I found myself, totally without knowing how it had come about, breathlessly begging for her to set the day. And so the world was informed that Catherine Brett was soon to become the bride of Philip Foster, the man who moved the moon. Think of it! Social position and unbounded advertising, all at one fell stroke. The woman's triumph was complete. But I faced a future as black and fear- some as the night I had just succeeded in vanquishing. Life looked like a wilderness of toadstools. Why, the mere proposition of getting married to any woman was downright tor- ture to me; I could never stand the ordeal itself. And as for marrying Catherine-- I ran away! I took advantage of a very peculiar situation. The moon was then being maintained in her new location by means of the projector down in Ecuador; but it was necessary to make alterations in the satellite itself in order that this loca- tion might become self-supporting, as it were. Otherwise the moon would have fallen to the earth. An expedition was required. Briefly, we fitted up a number of powerful sky cars, simple affairs, insulated against the etheric conditions, and forced them into space upon streams of the rays. Each was equipped with a small projector, powerful enough to check its fall to the moon; also a supply of material. And when their crews reached the satel- lite, they proceeded to the farthermost side --the side which has always been turned away from the earth--and there they swift- ly blasted away almost exactly half the sphere; enough to restore a gravitational balance between planet and satellite. I went along to boss things. When the job was done, the moon was no longer a sphere, but a hemisphere, with the curved side still toward the earth. The other side 2 A 498 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. is now an approximately flat surface, a level plain some twenty-one hundred miles in diameter. For the force of those rays was enough to blow all those rocks into space, with such velocity that--since the moon's gravity is so slight--none of it ever re- turned, or ever will. Now, on the last day of our operations, I secretly unpacked a duplicate of the in- sulated, aluminium-armored suit that I had been wearing. Down to the oxygen-fed helmet, it was precisely the same. This duplicate I "planted" in a lifelike pose, in a spot which I knew to be next in line for the projector. And I arranged matters so that this suit was observed just a moment before the rays were turned upon the spot. It was too late to give warning; and the duplicate suit was blown into space along with part of the moon; while, so far as most of my men knew, Philip Foster perished at the same instant. But five of my men know that, down in the rocks upon which one of the sky cars had rested, lay a large natural cavern, stocked with supplies of all kinds. It was in this cavern that I was secreted when my other suit was destroyed; and it was here that, out of sight of all beholders, I con- tinued to hide until finally all the crews left the moon. And it is over this cabin that I have erected my little aluminium and glass ob- servatory. I intend to keep most of my materials down there; it will save space up here. And, for the sake of keeping tab from time to time, suppose I make a list right here of the equipment with which I am pro- vided: 1. One hemispherical glass house, twen- ty feet in diameter and ten feet high, with walls of double thickness. It is proof against both extreme cold and extreme heat, also against etheric electricity. It is built with a vestibule that is provided with two doors, an inner one and an outer one. In order to pass in or out, all I have to do is to wear my suit and take care to close the one door before opening the other. 2. A fully equipped, though small scale laboratory. It contains everything from test tubes and lathe to chemicals and tele- scopes. Of the latter, one is an eight inch refractor of unusual excellence. I am equipped to dabble in chemistry, physics, radioactivity, and astronomy. What more could an engineer ask? 3. Some thirty steel cylinders, triple in- sulated, each containing liquid oxygen. Rather, it was liquid en route, but now some of it is solid. By means of simple chemical apparatus, I am able to purify my little hoard of air of such carbon dioxide as my breathing creates, and replace it with fresh oxygen. I also have two cylinders of ordinary liquid air. 4. A wireless telegraph outfit, at present fitted only for receiving. Later I expect to work out a transmitting system such as will suit the rather peculiar conditions here. With what I have, however, I can learn the world's more important news, as transmit- ted daily by my partner, Bates. He will begin as soon as the sky cars have returned; no sooner, because all of them are fitted with outfits similar to mine; and only five of the men share my secret. 5. Two canaries--Fannie and Dickie. I would like to have had other creatures, but was obliged to consider the problem of sup- plies, especially oxygen. Neither bird has felt like singing, as yet. 6. Apparatus for collecting free electric- ity from the surrounding ether. More about this later, probably. 7. Far more food than I shall ever need. It is all hermetically sealed and protected from frost, and for the most part is pre- cooked, and condensed to the smallest pos- sible space. I have everything from raisins to onions, from whale steak to pigs' feet. Moreover, I am planning a dietary system which will give me a complete change of fare, each meal for forty-five days at a stretch. So I do not expect ever to tire of my food. 8. A library as complete as money could make it. I have all that a man of my training could desire. Of encyclopedias, alone, there are no less than six; but while most of the volumes are technical, there are also several philosophical works, together with a little fiction--of an adventurous rather than a romantic description. 9. The armored, insulated suit already OUT OF THE MOON. 499 referred to. This makes it possible for me to do any amount of exploring, and it is so well made that it will far outlast its wearer. 10. A miscellaneous collection of articles for light housekeeping, from teaspoons to a folding cot. I have a neat little electrical range, upon which I can heat such eatables as I may prefer hot. I also have a certain amount of plumbing, all very sanitary and convenient. 11. A large amount of liquified hydro- gen. By combining this with oxygen, in the manner usually employed to secure water synthetically in laboratories, I shall be able to deal generously with the thirst problem. I intend to install some frost- proof piping, and manufacture the water down in the cavern, so as to save space up here. 12. An unclassified assortment of articles such as hardly deserve special mention here, although I may have occasion to mention them all in time. One is the finest medicine chest I could find, together with instruc- tions. I expect to have no need whatever for anything, except for certain astringent drugs on occasions when I must be in my suit for long periods. 13. Last, but perhaps the most impor- tant of all, I possess two fine talking ma- chines. One is of the cylinder type, for recording only. I intend to "can" a few sentences of my own nearly every day, for reference in the future. The other machine uses disk records, of which I own some four thousand, all different. They include mu- sic, recitations, and many other numbers, enough to keep me interested for the balance of my life. My scheme is to use one hundred until I begin to tire of them, then start another hundred. By the time the fortieth hundred has been finished, the first should seem quite new. Their main value will be to keep me from talking to myself, a habit which would surely lead to the loss of my reason. I shall take the utmost care with every disk. One thing only that I need to regret: this equipment cost a vast amount of money --far more than ought to be spent on any one individual. But Sulzman unquestion- ingly paid every bill; moreover, I have no doubt that the people of the earth, as they enjoy their permanent full moon to-night, would never object to the expense if they knew all the facts. I think I will stop now and prepare a little supper; then I shall play a dozen or so of my records, and turn in for my cus- tomary eight hours of sleep. I do not expect to dream any but pleas- ant dreams. I am perfectly satisfied with life. I could not ask to have things dif- ferent. I am serene in the knowledge that I have done something decidedly worth while for humanity. I have no compunctions about running away from Catherine, for I have given her what she sought--prominence. She occu- pies the enviable position of fiancee to a martyr. What does it matter if the martyr remains alive, so long as people think him dead? To-morrow I begin exploring. CHAPTER II. NEVER DONE BEFORE. NOVEMBER 23.--I was about to begin this entry with, "Arose this morning after a good night's rest"; but I remembered in time that such would be far from accurate. Not on this satellite; the conditions here are too radically dif- ferent from what they are on the earth. In fact, if I merely state that there was really no such thing as night here, I should be giving only a fragment of the whole peculiar situation. Perhaps I ought to describe the condition of affairs, just in case there should ever come a time when I might need reassuring. To begin with, I am located on the western "edge" of the moon, at a point not far from what would be called the equator, by any one studying a lunar map. On such a map, the nearest conspicuous object is the crater "Langrenus," about a hundred and fifty miles southeast of me. Northeast twice that distance is the edge of the great sea- bottom, known as "Mare Crisium." So much for topography, as seen from the earth. Now, because of my position on the edge of this little world, my observatory house 500 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. never receives the vertical rays of the sun. Old Sol is always just at the horizon; some- times, due to a certain Hbration in the path of the moon, he is just above the surface, and at other times only partially in sight. Never will he totally disappear, and never will he rise even one hour high. I chase this spot with that item in mind, knowing that if I took up my residence di- rectly opposite the earth, right under the sun, I should find the brilliance intolerable; while if I picked a spot which might ever be in total darkness, I should have some pretty trying times, dependent entirely, upon artificial light. As it is, I live in continual twilight, or rather dawn. That is the situation. The new position of the moon not only keeps the same face always earthward, the same as earth has always seen, but it now keeps this face always sunward, as well. There will never be an eclipse, because the original oper- ations of the ray-projector in Ecuador were so calculated as to throw, the moon forever slightly out of line with the earth's shadow. The sunlight here is constant. East, north and south of me stretches the great hemisphere of crater-strewn coun- try, such as the telescopes o the earth know so well--the territory which it shall be my business to explore very thoroughly. West of me, not two hundred yards away, the surface of the moon comes to an abrupt end. A steep precipice is all that remains of the other side of the satellite. It is just as though some giant of the universe had sliced off half the satellite and cast it away. The precipice is merely one vast circular plain, twenty-one hundred and odd miles in diameter. Hold on! I wrote the same thing yester- day, by Jove! I shall have to watch my- self; it is a bad sign when a man gets to repeating himself. It shall not occur again. The ground upon which my house is erected is not ground at all, but the solidest kind of rock. I would call it silicate, for want of a more exact term; the stuff is bluish black, exceedingly hard and smooth, and not to be accounted for by the action of either fire or water, or a combination of the two. It isn't lava, and it isn't basalt; it is more like hard rubber, only heavier. My house is located upon a sea of such rocks. Some of them are great fragments --not bowlders, for bowlders would show some indications of weathering--but im- mense jagged chunks, slabs and splinters, alike only in that their edges are as sharp and clean cut as if fresh from some convict's rock pile. Of course, there is no air here on the moon, except for just what I have here in my house. Neither is there any other water. I find that I must continually remind my- self of these two facts, in order to under- stand what I see. My landscape is a black and white one. There is no such thing as color; either an object is brilliantly lighted by the sun, or else it is totally invisible. Blackness or daz- zling light; there is nothing in between. All this, of course, is due to the lack of air, which prevents refractions and diffusion of light. The only thing at all like it that I ever saw on the earth was some of the early moving pictures; they were painfully devoid of any softening shadows, just like the "scenery" around here. I might also mention that, because of the position of the sun, near the horizon, all the shadows are long ones; it is as though the sun were always rising or always setting--somewhere in the highest part of the Rockies. When I look about the horizon, however, I see something more than black rocks, white lights, and long black shadows. For one thing, I see the sun; that is, if I put on some heavily smoked glasses. Otherwise his terrific brilliance, unhooded by any in- tervening atmosphere as on the earth, would blind me in two seconds. In size he is just about the same; but, since there is no air, he looks neither bigger nor yellower because of his position on the horizon. On the earth, he would. I also see Mother Earth. She would be a wonderful object if only I could see her with the sunlight on her face; but of course this will always be impossible. The moon lies "outside" the earth, with respect to the sun, and I shall have to be content with her moonlit surface. However, she is something to be mighty grateful for, just as she stands. I can watch OUT OF THE MOON. 501 her daily revolution as no man ever watched it before. Every twenty-four* hours, with the utmost regularity, North America will swing into view; and as long as I live to use my telescope I can always focus upon Cali- fornia at midnight and look down on San Francisco, to fancy that I see my friends getting into their airplanes after finishing their after-theater suppers. In fact, the earth is the only bit of color in my landscape. As viewed from here, she is a dull, copper color, except where the sunlight touches; there, she is a dazzling golden tint. Near the poles she is white with snow and ice; and it is always easy, even with the naked eye, to distinguish the green blue of the oceans as they swing majestically into opposition. In size, of course, the planet is immense-- nearly twenty degrees, an eighteenth of the whole sky circle, from pole to pole. But obviously I never see more than half of her disk at any one time, because of my posi- tion at the edge of the moon. If I want to see the whole disk at one view, I shall have to travel to a more central spot. No air; no water; black rocks that are blistering hot where the sun shines upon them, and freezing cold a few inches away, in the shadow; a blinding sun. A gigantic mother earth, in a ruddy semi darkness; a continual, unending day--no such thing as night. No man Friday to share my exile; noth- ing but my wireless. Shall I lose all sense of time? Not if I take a little care. My chronom- eters are adjusted to keep the same time they always kept back on the earth; every twenty-four hours, as ticked off by their balance wheels, I shall designate as one full day. (By the way, I have an ordinary pendu- lum clock in operation, which offers a curi- ous comparison. The reduced gravity of the moon results in a "second" about six times as long as that of the earth or my chro- nometers. According to that clock I have been on the moon only seven hours and fifteen minutes, instead of about forty-four hours.) Of course, a year is a year here, the same as back home. I shall not become confused. I dare not. Yes, I might as well have begun this with "Arose this morning." I'm going to stick to the old day, the old way. All I need to do to keep up the semblance of conditions on the earth is to draw the shades on the sunlit side of the house, as I did last--well, let it go at that--last night. So, after a very hearty breakfast, at about the hour I always used to eat break- fast, I got out my suit and gave it an extra careful inspection. Next, I removed the weighted shoes which I, and all my men, had worn for the purpose of offsetting the difference in gravitation between the planet and the satellite; we wore them so as to make our movements more natural. But now I am a resident--in fact, the only resident, so far as it is humanly possible to know--the only resident of the moon, and I mean to acclimatize myself at once. For the first time, then, since I was left alone on the satellite, I ventured outside my double doored vestibule. I moved with the utmost care, placing my feet slowly and carefully. I felt amazingly light and free, and for a while suspected that I was allow- ing too much oxygen to feed into my hel- met. But after inspecting the gauges, I concluded that the feeling was due entirely to my reduced weight. I weighed only thirty pounds, instead of a hundred and eighty. Such was the net effect of the moon's reduced gravitation. At the same time, nothing whatever had oc- curred to reduce my muscular strength in the least. My heavy armor and helmet added only six moon pounds to my weight. I was a veritable giant. I felt no ill effects whatever. Of course,. before leaving the vestibule, I had not only made sure that there were no leaks of any kind in my suit, but had pumped in a little more air, just in case a leak should develop. * "Twenty-four hours." Of course, it is true that the "recoil" of the ray-projector, in Equador, while reducing the speed of the moon, naturally produced a complementary increase in the speed of the earth's daily revolution; so that the day is actually only twenty-two hours long, old time. But to avoid confusion, the Standard Second was revised, thus keeping the old and well understood system. It will be noted that Mr. Foster was aware of all this. 502 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. The purpose of this, obviously, was to maintain the same pressure upon the out- side of my body as it has always been ac- customed to. Otherwise, the effect would have been much the same as bringing the diver too rapidly to the surface; blood ves- sels would burst, and death ensue. The people of the earth seldom stop to think that their bodies are at all times sub- ject to a pressure of fourteen pounds to each square inch; and if this pressure were suddenly removed, the effect would be actu- ally explosive. The pressure works both ways, from the inside out, as well as from the outside in. When I say that I felt no ill effects, I mean that I experienced no vertigo, dizzi- ness or weakness. On the other hand, I was distinctly elated, vigorous and clear headed. I had just enough sense left to go slowly, and take things coolly. I stepped out of the vestibule and closed the outer door behind me. Had it not been for the peculiar, insulated construction of my suit, I should have died in my tracks, right then and there. For I was exposed to three extremely powerful influences, either of them enough to annihilate me instantly had I not been protected against them; three forces such as no one on the earth could appreciate to the full. Let me name them: Cold. I was facing the sun; but my back was in the shadow, and the temperature of things in the shade, on the moon, is about three hundred below zero! It is very close to what scientists call "the ab- solute zero"; unthinkably cold, capable of congealing the blood of a human in less time than I could record the event on this typewriter. Heat. The side of me that faced the sun, on the other hand, was receiving untem- pered sunbeams. No air intervened to soft- en the impact of the sun's energy; my thermometer had already told me that the temperature of any material capable of ab- sorbing heat, such as mercury or the human body, would rise to past two hundred and fifty degrees! Without my suit, I should have been cooked to a crisp on one side, and frozen solid on the other. All because there is no air! Electricity. Here I touch upon a sub- ject that is not generally understood; but it is rapidly becoming known among scien- tists that the hundred miles or so of at- mosphere which surrounds the earth is really a great insulating blanket. Were it not for this air, no one could live upon the planet without continual protection. This, for the simple reason that lightning, so well known but so poorly understood, is nothing more or less than universal en- ergy--the luminiferous ether in action-- which occasionally manages to break down the insulation and touch the earth. As for myself, on the moon, I was literally bathed in current; without my suit, I should have been instantly electrocuted. Looking through the double glazed, vacuum insulated windows of my non- conducting helmet, I was virtually uncon- scious of all this. I could move about in perfect safety and with entire freedom, so long as I took reasonable care, and kept a close watch upon my pressure gauge, my oxygen, and my carbonic acid absorber. I gave a final glance into my domelike house, to make sure that I had left every- thing in order--especially the canaries-- and then ventured cautiously perhaps ten yards away. My new home looked pitifully small. It came to me with sudden, tremendous force that, for the last two days, only those thick glass walls had stood between me and instant death. I was immensely glad that nothing, so far as I could see, would ever happen to that structure. If I thought an accident at all possible, I should wear my suit continually, indoors as well as out- side. A little further away from the house, and I came to an open spot, where the surface was comparatively level. That is to say, the rock fragments were small and evenly spread out for a space perhaps fifty feet either way. It looked like a good place to begin experiments. Fixing my eye upon a flat stone about thirteen or fourteen feet away--too far for me to jump on the earth--I drew a deep breath, discarded every one of my former cautious methods, and, just as if I were back in California, I took a single bold OUT OF THE MOON. 503 step forward. That one step took me to the stone! So much for having a weight of only thirty-six pounds, armor and all. Shortly I was striding about rather freely, cover- ing always about thirteen feet at a step, as compared with thirty-two inches on the earth. Not only were my movements un- hampered by gravity, but I did not have to overcome any air resistance, much less a wind. It was like moving in a dream, except that I could distinctly feel the usual jar and shock of walking, on my heels. How- ever, this jar was insignificant compared with what I had been used to. Instead of ninety pounds falling on each foot now-- only eighteen. Soon I felt safe in ordinary walking. I went to one side of the space I was using, and faced the other. Then I gath- ered my strength as for a standing broad jump, determined upon a spot about ten yards away--and leaped. CHAPTER III. EXPLORING THE MOON. AWAY I went sailing through space. It reminded me of one of those trick motion pictures-- "slowed up" --in which people go through various antics at an unnaturally slow pace. I thought I should never get back to the surface. I must have gone all of twenty feet high. But in two or three seconds I saw my tar- get deliberately approaching me, and knew, long before I landed, that I had overshot my mark. Down I came six feet beyond the point I had aimed for, landing clumsily and stumbling, so that I groveled on my hands and knees. But I was merely a little shak- en. The armor saved me. Up I got and tried again. Presently I became so confident that I began to make use of the time that I was sailing. As soon as I leaped, I looked about for a few sec- onds, and from the height thus attained was able to inspect a large stretch of country. Southeast of me, where I knew the crater Langrenus to be located, I could make out a number of mountains, all of them in the crater form; no peak, but simply an ele- vated cup; but none had a tenth the size that I knew Langrenus to possess. How- ever, it was extremely hard to be sure of this; the peculiar black and white of the landscape was very deceptive. If there had been a little air to temper the shadows in the background, so as to give some effect of perspective, sizes and dis- tances would have been more easily guessed at. But far or near it was simply black and white. Northeast of me were more of these craterlets, and beyond them, I knew, was the great sea bottom, Mare Crisium. I was already quite familiar with craters from my experiences on the other side of the moon during the blasting; but this an- cient ocean bed appealed to me strongly. My curiosity will not let me rest until I have seen Crisium. But the distance is about three hundred miles. Assuming that I can travel six times as fast as on the earth, it will take me a day and a half to reach the spot, the same length of time to return, and at least two days for exploration. This means a lot of supplies; more than I can possibly carry. Must I give up the idea? Not at all. This is a difficulty which I foresaw long ago; and while I never took time to work it out I nevertheless brought along enough raw materials of various kinds to enable me to solve the problem. I shall enjoy the work. Required: To construct something hither- to unknown, a machine for traveling on the surface of the moon. Given: Some pieces of metal and wood, some books, and one sec- ond rate brain! November 24. I failed to finish my ac- count of yesterday's experiences, for the very good and sufficient reason that I be- came so tired and sleepy that I had to go to bed. No wonder; I have seldom exercised as much as I did during my first attempts to do as the Romans do. (Unfortunately there are no Romans here; besides, the cor- rect name for an inhabitant of the moon, I believe, is "Selenite.") And as for my ap- petite--I'm afraid the larder will not per- mit of a great deal of such exercise. 504 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. This morning I arose without so much as giving a second glance at the sun, which had been in exactly the same place all "night" long. In fact, I completely forgot that there had been no such thing as night, that there was no such thing as morning. I am getting to be quite a man of the moon. Outside of that, I accomplished little. All I did was to go outside and limber up a little, keeping always within sight of the house. On my way back I took a flying leap and sailed entirely over it, thus set- ting a new record. Leaped over a house! Who on earth could do that? Then, after luncheon, I got out a number of my books and brushed up on the sub- jects which I need to know, if I am to suc- ceed in building my moon car. I reached no conclusions. Apparently the problem is decidedly more difficult than I had antici- pated. After dinner, about three hours ago, I found myself becoming very blue and gloomy. Awakening to the fact, I wound up my talking machine; and it required only ten records, judiciously selected so as to amuse and cheer me, to take out all the kinks in my disposition. I am in an en- viable frame of mind. I wouldn't trade places with any man in existence, even though he never knew what it is to be bashful. November 25. Thanksgiving Day. The boys in the sky cars will spend a gloomy holiday--all except the five who know--for they cannot help but look forward to break- ing the news. Poor devils; I wish I had thought of that. Too late now, though. Fortunately, no one on the earth will be so affected. Those who are not in the secret, yet have any reason to concern them- selves with my return, probably are mak- ing some sort of preparations. I under- stood that there was to be a big reception, or something of that sort. Another affair which I shall escape, and for which I am duly thankful. I sat down at my drawing table and tried for an hour to puzzle out a design for my moon car. No ideas would come; I saw that I wasn't in a mood for inventing. So I decided to make a short excursion; and put- ting ten hours' supply of oxygen into the tank on the back of my suit, also placing certain other materials inside the helmet, I began my first real exploration. Right now, as I write, my glance rests upon the astounding fruits of that trip. The incredible thing lies there a foot away; last night, nothing of the sort was inside this house. I wonder if I would have been so eager, to start out this morning had I known what I was going to bring back? Well, my objective was a small crater about fifty miles directly east of me. I had often seen it while leaping. I chose that direction because I could not possibly become confused; all I had to remember was that, although I started out with my face toward the sun, I should return with my shadow straight before me. At first I contented myself with a fairly rapid stride. I covered ground at an im- mense rate; eighteen miles an hour, walk- ing, isn't bad at all. But I soon became tired of having to pick a footing so often among those annoyingly sharp rock frag- ments; besides, the sensation of annihilat- ing distance so rapidly soon amounted to a kind of intoxication. Shortly I found my- self running and leaping, like some clumsy mountain sheep, from one crag to the next. It was amazing, the ease with which I adapted myself to the new order of things. I picked out the most precarious landing places and hit them almost without fail; and when I did miss, which was seldom, nothing much came of it. I merely tum- bled eight or ten feet, and hardly noticed it at all. As I say, I didn't have to worry about directions. There was no such thing as "time of day"; whenever I glanced at the sun I did not have to make allowances. I didn't have to worry about getting back before nightfall; there wasn't going to be any nightfall. I merely had to watch my step. Once I came near to ending everything. It was after perhaps an hour of the swift- est sort of leg work. I had covered over twenty miles. The area of rock fragments was now behind me; I had reached a very different sort of territory, with a surface of gray, glassy material, flecked with sands. OUT OF THE MOON. 505 It was quite capable of deceiving most people into calling it lava, because of its heat twisted configurations;- and since the stuff is really the remains of what was once molten rock, lava is perhaps as good a term as any; for I have never seen a schist on earth with such a color. I had no idea that anything was in store for me. Of course, the surface was ex- tremely rough, but no longer full of sharp edges and jagged points. Instead, the schist was mounded, rolled and twisted in every conceivable way. One moment a great ter- race, thirty feet high, would compel me to make a strenuous leap, and next I would be facing a maze of contorted dikes, over which I would hurtle without a glance. I was making wonderful progress. I for- got to stop and rest. And it was just when I had become thoroughly tired and winded that I came to the crevice. It was over a hundred yards wide. I did not see it until I was right on its brink. In fact, I had already landed, only a few steps from the edge, my leg all tense for springing on, before I realized that the next leap would take me into the depths of the moon. How I did it I do not know; but some- how I contrived to make my foot slip, even in the act of bounding. The slip saved my life. Instead of flying up into space again, I fell forward upon my face, and slid help- lessly toward the chasm. When I finally stopped, my head and shoulders were ac- tually over the edge. I looked down. The sun wasn't shining directly into the cleft, and I couldn't see very plainly; however, there was no dust or air to interfere with what I did see. And, although I cannot say just how deep that awful crack may be, at least I can submit that the bottom lies more than five miles down. In order to find a place where the crack was narrow enough to leap, I had to detour about two miles. However, this took only a few minutes; I discovered a place where any amateur could have made the jump with ease. It wasn't over forty feet. But the experience served to make me more cautious. I forced myself to rest every so often. During one of these rests I thought to look at the time--my watch being hung on the inside of my helmet, safe from the elements--and saw that it was after eleven. Time to eat something; so, twisting my head in another direction, I connected my mouth with the upper end of a rubber tube, leading to a flask of milk at the back of my suit. I also had some toast and dried meat placed within tooth range; and I fin- ished it all off with a mouthful of black coffee. All this arrangement, of course, because I dared not open my helmet except indoors. I missed my napkin, and will ar- range for one next time. The craterlet was now just before me, not more than five miles away. Up I got, decidedly refreshed, and before long I was making my way at a lively rate up the flanks of the "volcano." My path took me, first, into a steep "lava" swept ravine, then by easy stages on up to a ridge, and thence steadily upward. The surface was mainly fantastic schist and gneiss formations, except at the very crest of the ridge where black rock--basalt itself--occasionally showed for a foot or two. However, I picked out specimens of nearly every known metamorphic rock, all fused, and usually glassy. Mainly I was concerned with the labor of climbing. Of course, I did not approach from the shad- owed side, for that would have meant work- ing in total darkness; I ascended the north- ern flank. I am making a special note of this because, for all I know, it may have an important bearing upon the discovery I made, and am about to relate. After two or three tumbles, one of which bruised me even through the armor, I reached the top of the "crater." It stood perhaps four thousand feet high--a puny affair, as lunar mountains go. The point where I viewed the pit was really a moun- tain pass, the lip of the crater being com- posed of small, jagged peaks arranged roughly in. the form of a circle. On the outer side these crags sloped away evenly to the plain below; on the inner side they dropped away abruptly in an almost perpendicular precipice, many thousands of feet high, and ending in the floor of the "volcano," shrouded in total 506 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. blackness. The nearly horizontal rays of the sun allowed only such glimpses as I was able to get by means of rifts in the crags; but I was not disappointed in this, because I had known what to expect. I also knew that no man would ever explore that bottom unless he used artificial light. I fell to thinking of the theory, favored by such scientists as do not consider these pits to be true volcanoes, that they were caused by the impact of great meteors upon the surface of the moon while it was still in a molten condition. The appearance is certainly very similar to the effect of peb- bles thrown into stiff mud. And there is an- other theory which claims that, while the larger craters were actually volcanic, the smaller ones were produced by the fall- ing of material previously ejected from the others. But I know better, and the scientific men of the earth now know better. They know that all these craters were produced in the same way, and that they were formed after the satellite had hardened, not before. And that they were due, not to meteors nor to internal heat, but to lightning. Electricity did it. When the moon lost her atmosphere, the insulation broke down, and every time the etheric current managed to break through in large quantities a crater was formed. Prodigious quantities of un- leashed electricity, of which ordinary light- ning is only a tiny sample--it was this that, striking the surface of the satellite, pro- duced those terrific pits. And, of course, the largest discharges came last, when the insulation was nearly gone, which explains why some of the larger pits overlap the smaller. The heat must have been like that of the sun; small wonder that the rocks are fused, like those from volcanoes. It must have been a sight for the gods when that final stroke of superlightning created the giant pit which men call Tycho! And what another sight, a few millions of years hence, when the earth shall have lost her air and water, and her surface be re- duced to "pockmarks"! That is, unless an enlightened and harmonious humanity does something to conserve that atmosphere beforehand. It was a sobering thought. I stood there alone in that fire blasted wilderness, and marveled, as I had marveled time and time again during the last few weeks, at the im- measurable power of unchecked nature. I was surrounded by the torn and slashed up fragments of what had once been sand- stone--sandstone, a formation due to the action of water! And in two or three places I could even discern fragments of meta- morphosed shale; and shale is merely mud, with all that the word suggests. This had once been a world like that I have quit for good; at least, geologically speaking. What did I, a mere human and transplanted one, at that, amount to along- side such a cataclysm? Well, I had fifty miles to travel before dinner time, and I didn't propose to post- pone eating just because the sun wyould never go down. I turned to go. Something unusual caught my eye. It was lying in a small cavity on the western slope of a huge rock fragment; the stone was fused, and the thing I saw was half buried in, half protruding from, a pool of brownish glass. I went over and exam- ined it. And if I had found a newspaper instead I could not have been more amazed. For there, in the wildest spot in creation, fifty miles from any point where men from the earth had already trod, was something that argued human occupancy. What was more, it was, as I have said, half buried in what had once been molten material; so I knew that it had existed before the crater was formed. And it lies at my hand as I write. It is a piece, perhaps eight or nine inches long, altogether, of ordinary half inch, round, electric light carbon! CHAPTER IV. THE DISAPPEARANCE. NOVEMBER 26.--I did not attempt to finish my diary last night. I was too much upset by what I had found. It took over forty records to make me forget enough to permit sleep. Even then I dreamed all sorts of outrageous things, some OUT OF THE MOON. 507 terrifying, some merely ludicrous. All be- cause of a piece of common carbon, pre- sumably millions of years old! What does it mean? Does it indicate that there has once been civilization on the moon? The idea is not at all untenable; if we assume that earth and moon were both formed from the some mass of cosmic material, then life could just as easily have come into being here as on the earth. And since the moon is smallest, it would have cooled off sooner, thus permitting life at an earlier day. Millions of years ago! But what has become of the inhabitants? Have they lived and died, leaving no traces other than this electricity proof carbon, long before the earth became cool enough to support life? Or were they still alive when the great discharges of universal elec- tricity began their terrible rain? If so, they could not have lived through it. Surely they foresaw the loss of air. Why had they apparently done nothing to fore- stall this disaster? For example, a glass roof over the whole of their globe? But there were no signs of this. Was it likely that they had become as far advanced as us humans? Something else occurred to me. Had these people become so highly developed along scientific lines--that piece of carbon is unanswerable--they produced some sort of sky cars and, before the lightning broke through, managed to migrate to the earth? I did not go to sleep until after mid- night. For the first time, I devoutly wished that I might enjoy real darkness once more. I have always valued my sleep very highly. Well, this morning I resolved to forget my find for the day; further speculation would not help matters. Besides, I was keenly aware that my friends had reached the earth some time during the night, if nothing had occurred to delay them. I might hear from Bates at any moment. So I sat down at the drawing table and tried to work on my car design. It was hopeless. Every few minutes I would get up and walk around my little circle, as nervous and excited as a boy waiting for a circus parade. I tried to read; I might as well have tried to embroider. In desperation I finally started the talk- ing machine, purposely selecting something very involved and intricate in classical mu- sic--Bach, I think. In trying to under- stand it I presently got over my nervous- ness. At ten twenty-four, to be exact, the first message arrived from the earth. I am glad that there was no one to see me as I ex- citedly fitted the headpiece to my ears. My eagerness was positively childish. And then, what did Jack see fit to trans- mit--in code, of course--but a message like this: Hello, man in the moon! You ought to be here. People think more of you dead than alive. All sorts of puff stuff. You're a martyr to science--you hum- bug! Catherine Brett is prostrated by the news. Vows she will never marry any one else. More later. Don't dare send too much; amateurs might get the code. Hurry up with your transmitter. Jack. November 27. It occurred to me this morning that I did overlook one thing, after all, despite the thoroughness with which I made my preparations. I forgot to arrange with Jack to call me only at agreed upon hours! It means that I shall have to remain here at all times; must never leave the house for more than a few minutes, lest I miss some- thing. Either that, or I must contrive to build that transmitter and let Jack know. Or--and this has just occurred to me--I can make some sort of an automatic record- er, to take care of any message at any time! Why didn't I think of that before? Easily made; I'm going straight to do it now. I ought to mention, however, that it has been a pleasant day. No rain, no snow, no winds; not a cloud in the sky; temperature at sixty-eight every minute. How soon will I be praying for a change? I wonder. November 28. A gloomy day, if ever a day of continual sunlight could be called gloomy. In the first place I wasted a lot of mighty valuable material in trying to solve my automatic recorder problem along the wrong lines. I shall try again, of course, working 508 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. on another principle; but it makes me im- patient with myself to have used my head so inefficiently. Perhaps it was because of Fannie. I found her dead in her cage this morning. I am not sure, but I really think that I know what time she died. It was about three in the morning, and I awoke with a vague feeling that something was wrong. I dismissed the thought as due to a dream; I know better now. I may as well admit that I could not eat breakfast until I had not only disposed of her body, but had also taken her cage out- doors. I hid it behind some rocks. I couldn't bear to leave it where I might see it. As if this were not enough, Jack's mes- sage was equally lacking in cheer. I must hurry and get that transmitter done, and tell the old boy to take care with what he sends me. Here is what he judged fit for me, twenty-four thousand miles from the nearest fellow human, to read and digest: You are missing something great. At in- stigation of San Francisco officials, the United States is going to give you an official funeral. Is to be a gorgeous ceremony, to take place three days hence. Notables already en plane from all parts of the globe. Catherine Brett is said to have started the movement. Your relatives make no state- ment ; apparently do not wish to make them- selves conspicuous by objecting. Nothing has taken the public fancy so much since the Revival. You really ought to have died long ago. I wonder if the old fellow is deliberately rubbing it in. Someone told me just before I left with the crews that Jack was really jealous because I got so much applause out of the moon moving stunt. Can it be? Pshaw; I ought to be ashamed of my- self: distrusting my old partner! What the deuce has got into me? I never used to be like this. Well, talking about it won't make it any better. It's up to me to start the good old talking machine once more. Wonder how many records it will take this time? An idea! I'll teach Dickie to sing in uni- son with Listen to the Mocking Bird." It may take months, but I've got more time than anything else, just now. November 29. I hardly know how to be- gin. Something very peculiar has hap- pened: something more than peculiar--it is positively uncanny. In fact, I am very chary about waiting anything at all about it to-night. It happened about one o'clock. I went outside for a little exercise at that hour, knowing it to be Jack's luncheon hour, and therefore feeling sure that I should miss no messages. I limbered up pretty thoroughly and even started a perspiration. And, as I say, it was about one when I decided to come back indoors. As luck would have it, my practice on the crags had taken me over to the same side of the house as the spot where I had hidden Fannie's cage. Halfway back I recalled this fact, and would have made a detour to avoid seeing the thing if I had not forced myself to keep straight on. I al- most wish, now, that I had gone around. It should be mentioned here that the cage was made of carbo-aluminum wire and plates, a material decidedly antielectric. Also, when I placed the thing where I did yesterday, I noticed that, although the handful of birdseed on the floor vanished in a flash of blue flame as soon as exposed to the etheric current, yet the framework was as sound as ever. So the incident cannot be explained that way. When I, leaping homeward, approached the place where I had left the cage, I pur- posely prepared for a long jump, so that I would see no more than a mere glimpse of it. Up I shot into space, and while I spent the usual seconds in mid flight I gave the surface below a single deliberate look. The cage was not there! My first thought was one of vast relief: I was glad that I had been spared the sight. Then, I instantly began to wonder; and next moment I turned in my tracks and began a thorough search for the cage. Fifteen minutes later I returned to the house, empty handed. And I know that one thing or the other is true: either I am out of my senses, or else something--or some one --has taken that cage! TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK Crab Reef By  THEODORE GOODRIDGE ROBERTS Author of "Sea Change," "Where All Trails End," etc. A NOVELETTE-COMPLETE IN THIS ISSUE THE governor had been robbed, and the consternation on Fort Roya! Hill sent a ripple of excitement through the town, along the water front, and aboard the ships. Constables became alert, and the military marched here and there, arresting suspicious looking persons and smashing open cupboards and lockers with the butts of their muskets. The search grew in vigor. It ran like fire through the lower town and the anchored and moored shipping. Heads were broken and many arrests were made. Even the shops and houses of respectable tradesmen were searched. But the governor's jewel case and two bags of gold were not found. Within forty-eight hours of the robbery on Fort Royal Hill, old Caleb Stave, the ship-chandler of Crabhole Alley, set up a horrid outcry. He could not have made a more piteous and distracting disturbance if he had lost his granddaughter Sally. He, too, had been robbed. His strong box was gone. It was not until night that the ship- chandler accused his servant Griffon of the theft of the strong box. He and Griffon and a black slave named Big Tom were in the shop at the time. Griffon was not sur- prised at the accusation, for the term of his indenture was almost up, and he knew that Stave would go to any length of injustice to keep him from his freedom. He was not surprised, but anger rose in his throat like a choking hot coal. He knew the use- lessness of denial. There was no justice for 509 510 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. him and his kind. He was as much a slave as the black African. "You verminous old liar!" he cried, and hurled a bag of yams at his master. The main force of yams struck Stave and carried him to the floor, and one vegetable flew at a tangent and overturned and ex- tinguished the lantern. "Run out back," whispered Big Tom. "De constablers am in front." Old Stave yelled murder, and as Griffon slipped from the sweltering and odorifer- ous shop to the foul yard in the rear, two constables and a soldier entered by the front door. The constables had cudgels in their hands and cutlasses on their hips, and one carried a lantern. The soldier had his mus- ket. "Thief! Thief!" cried the ship-chandler. "Griffon, the white man! The back door!" The fellow with the lantern tripped over something and came to the floor with a crash which knocked all the wind out of him and doused the light. The soldier fell over the prostrate constable, the musket flew from his grasp and cracked old Stave's shins; and at that moment the back door closed. The second constable, believing himself in a trap--for the reputation of Crabhole Alley was not above suspicion-- laid about him blindly with his cudgel and brought bolts of sailcloth toppling and sliding onto the confusion on the floor. "The back door!" screamed Stave. "Who shut it? Pull it open, Tom! Where's that black?" "The lantern!" cried the soldier, scram- bling to his feet just in time to check a swing of the cudgel with his left ear. He collapsed with a grunt. Old Stave found the door, yanked it open, leaped forward, caught his foot in the shank of an anchor which some one had laid across the door- way, pitched head first into a strongly con- structed hen coop, and forgot what the disturbance was about for a little while. Peter Griffon ran for his freedom through starshine and shadow. He headed inland, scaling stone walls, dashing and scrambling from one narrow yard to another. But there were lanes to be crossed; and in one of these he dashed into the midst of a cor- poral's guard. He was challenged, but rushed on. The corporal made a blind prod at him, and sank an inch of iron in his left shoulder, but he broke away and burst open a little door in a wall. He crashed the door shut behind him and fled across the yard and over the farther wall. He was losing blood, but he continued to run at top speed. Presently he won clear of the lower town and ran through decent gar- dens and across lawns, in the dense black shade of bulky trees of mahogany, bread- fruit and mango. The corporal and his two subordinates followed on Griffon's course with a clatter of arms and an outcry of oaths and threats; and Big Tom trailed close upon the heels of the three soldiers, silent as a shadow, pausing now and again to touch his right shin tenderly with an inquiring finger. The thing which the constable with the lantern had fallen over back in Caleb Stave's shop had been the African's right leg; and it had not been an accident on Tom's part. He had given a patch of black hide cheerfully in a good cause. The soldiers were soon winded. The cross-belts and high leather stocks of the military uniforms of that period were not conducive to prolonged bouts of physical exertion on a windless tropical night. One by one they crumpled and lay puffing; and Big Tom passed them, one by one, like a shadow. Griffon cleared the last garden of the town, crossed a white road, and ducked into a great field of canes. Though suffering desperately from fatigue and loss of blood, he now forced his protesting legs and lungs to top speed, for he had glimpsed a pursuer among the shrubs of the last garden a few seconds ago. The rows of canes lay at right angles to the road; and the fugitive ran straight along one of these narrow green lanes. The town was stifling, but here among the tens of thousands of tall, close ranked canes it was strangling, like the air of an oven. And it was rank with the reek of the black, heavily manured, fortune bearing old soil. The fugitive gasped for breath, stumbled and fell, scrambled up, choking, and ran on, his scanty clothing sodden with sweat and blood. Big Tom saw Griffon take to the canes, CRAB REEF. 511 but he did not enter that airless swelter of vegetation himself. He knew that the white man would hold that line as straight and far into the hills as obstacles and fatigue would permit. He turned to the left and raced aJong the road at amazing speed for a distance of fifty yards or so, then leaped the ditch and slipped into the maze of shad- ows and starshine of a grove of limes. Here he had clean turf under his feet, and ran with undiminished speed. Griffon staggered out of the canes at last and flopped in a patch of cassava. He lay- still for a full minute, then again rallied his exhausted body and reeling brain, scram- bled to his feet and moved on at a lurching jog. Beyond the cassava the ground began that upward slope which led eventually to the hanging jungles and deep ravines of the mountains. He blundered through a thicket of bay trees and essayed the gentle slant of turf beyond, only to fall with a spinning of stars in his eyes and the thumping of his over- forced heart in his ears. The spinning stars passed, and consciousness with them. . . . He felt a hand on his shoulder. Caught! And he was unarmed! Back to old Caleb Stave! Back to slavery of spirit and body! He groaned like a lost soul. "Peter, Peter," said a voice he knew. "Vs tied up yer shoulder. Sit ye up, Peter, an' tiy a sip ob dis yere brandy." "Is it you, Tom? For God's sake, let me go!" whispered Griffon, without raising his head. "Let ye go? Man alive, I'se goin' my- self! Try a suck at dis yere bottle, boy, an' den git yer legs under yerself an' come along." "Where to?" "To the mountuns, Peter. To de blessed jungles." Griffon gulped at the bottle which Big Tom held to his lips--a bottle stolen from Caleb Stave's best bin. He got his legs under him then and came slowly to his feet with the African's help. They w'ent up the gradual slope together at a fair rate of speed, the black man's strong right arm about the white man's waist. Thus they passed Fort Royal Hill, well to the left of it. They skirted sloping crops--sugar cane, cassava, Guinea corn and tobacco--and be- yond the cultivation got into a gully which climbed steeply between water-cut banks fringed with wild bush. In the time of rain this gully runs full with earth reddened water which stains the clear sea greens and sea blues hundreds of yards from shore; but now it was dry, save for a few still pools with finger wide trickles of water be- tween. "Let me rest a minute," said Griffon. "I'm spent--bled white--legs gone and lungs afire." Big Tom eased him down to the ground and stood above him, hearkening with bowed head to the faint sounds of the night. "I was afraid of you, Tom--but I trust you now," said Griffon. "Trust me, dat's right!" returned Big Tom. "You an' me's in de same boat now, Peter. It'll be de whip an' hot iron if dey catches us!" "They'll never take me alive! Damn Caleb Stave!" They resumed their journey up the rug- ged gully. Griffon was still too weak to do much in the way of locomotion for him- self. He leaned heavily back against Big Tom's brawny right arm, and his knees sagged at every step. But the African seemed tireless. "I must rest again," said Griffon. "Must have lost quarts of blood." "Nope, we best keep a-goin'," replied Tom, lifting the other easily in both arms and moving steadily onward. After ten minutes, Griffon spoke again. "There's no chance for us," he said. "They'll catch us in a day or a week, dead or alive. They'll hunt us with dogs--and every cursed planter in the island will join in the hunt. The masters and the soldiers will hunt us; and our own kind will help track us and drag us down--the white slaves and the black. "Maybe we give 'em de slip, Peter. We am still alive, anyhow." "Don't you feel a temptation to take me back to Stave? They'd not lay lash nor hot iron on you if you took me back, Tom." The African halted at that, and set the white man on his feet before him. 512 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. Ye don't trust me, Peter?" "But--don't you see we haven't a chance! Don't you see your only chance? "Maybe not much--but I take it with yerself, Peter--death or freedom!" "Why?" "Big Tom am yer friend, white boy!" "I believe you--but you're mad to risk torture for my sake! Here's your knife." Where ye come by that knife, Peter?" "I took it out of your belt when you held the bottle to my lips away back there down the hill. If you'd gone down instead of up, Tom--or so much as turned once in your tracks--well, I'm a desperate man." "Trust Big Tom an' take anudder pull on dis yere bottle, white boy." The bed of the vanished torrent became steeper and rougher and narrower, deeply pitted here and there and frequently bar- ricaded with overhanging ledges of rock. Griffon struggled upward manfully, with Big Tom's arm behind him at the difficult places, for a sweltering half hour; and then he fell again. The African shouldered him like a sack of corn and continued the as- cent. Big Tom left the ravine an hour later, scrambling up the left bank with Peter Griffon still across his right shoulder. The jungle bulged against him as if it would roll him back into the gully; but he fastened upon its front of tough vines with his left hand, hung on, dragged forward, set his great feet securely, ripped an opening, and thrust himself and his burden in. Here was no starshine nor moving air. The place was like the interior of a baker's oven for both blackness and heat. But the gigantic slave pressed forward, inward. He shifted and lowered poor Griffon from his shoulder to his arms, clasped him to his heaving breast, turned then and presented his back to the tangle. By sheer weight and strength he burst his way backward into the maze of vegetation for a distance of several yards. Vines snapped near and far, and lost their holds with rips and rendings to right and left and high and low, as if the whole wood were coming down. Big Tom was delighted with himself at these indications of his physical prowess. "Bust 'im, boy! Bust 'im!" he mut- tered. "You am more powerfuller nor dis yere jungle, Big Tom Samson! Rip !im down, black boy!" But, after a few yards, the jungle held him. He was forced to drop Griffon and turn and cut thick cables of vine with his knife. Even Big Tom's herculean limbs and lungs of leather succumbed at last, for a time, to the vast and continuous pressure of the jungle's resistance. He crumpled; and before he could regain his feet, sleep overcame him. There was a twilight of filtered sunshine in the jungle when the runaways awoke. They were parched with thirst and hungry, and Griffon was faint and sore. The brandy bottle had been broken during the struggle inward from the gully. Big Tom searched about for food, slashing his way here and there, and in time found a mango tree. The fruit was ripe, the yellow pulp soppy with juice; and the fugitives sucked eagerly, fairly guzzled, despite the overwild turpen- tiny flavor. For hours after that they pushed along, higher into the mountains and deeper into the jungle, Big Tom cutting and bursting the way, and Peter Griffon follow- ing weakly. Their track through the ropy browns and massed greens closed behind them and vanished like the wake of a diver in green water. They rested often. The air was sweltering and a cloud of insects hummed about them. Big Tom covered the blood- soaked rags on his companion's shoulder with a pad of wide green leaves. "I been dis far once before," he said, as they lay gasping. Griffon moved his head, as an indication that he had heard, but neither opened his eyes nor spoke. "Come man huntin'," continued Big Tom. "Dat was before Stave take me from my old master for bad debt--three years ago, maybe. We chase runaway boy named Henry dat time--chase 'im with blood- hound dogs from Monkey Hill. I know Henry. Good boy, dat Henry--but he kick overseer in de belly one day an' run away. Dey figger to whip 'im to death for dat-- for he was sickly--not worth much money. I get big start on dem dogs, outrun all 2 A CRAB REEF 513 hands, an' find Henry round yere some- wheres. Den up come one big dog--an' I kill 'im. Up come t'other big dog -- an' I kill dat one too, with ma hands. Den I give Henry some bread an' water I carry-- an' go 'way back an' way over yonder an' holler an' bust about. Dey don't find dem dogs--never." Griffon sat up and opened his eyes. "And Henry?" he asked. "Did they find him--dead or alive?" "Don't never find 'im, dead nor alive," replied the other. "Dead, nevertheless--of starvation or fever--as we shall be dead in a few days." "Nope. I see 'im one day--maybe one year ago--in Crabhole Alley. He looks like old, old woman, in white skirts an' big yaller handkerchief, with big basket, cryin' sweet cakes to sell. I know her for Henry by the look outen her eye an' a crook o' one finger she make to me--but a white man walk close behind me, so I don't stop. An' when I come back she wasn't to be spied nowhere in Crabhole Alley. They resumed the struggle against the jungle. Thirst and hunger burned and gnawed them. Big Tom made blind strokes with his knife, fumbling strokes. Griffon babbled of other days, of apples and cider and old trees with mistletoe in their branch- es. He fell frequently and cursed Big Tom every time for picking him up. At last Big Tom let him lie, regarded him helplessly for a few seconds, and then lay down beside him. The knife that had slashed so far into the jungle's tough heart slipped unheeded from the black fingers. Big Tom was not beaten, however. He got to his feet again hours later, picked up his knife and his unconscious companion, and renewed the unequal conflict. He bucked the jungle desperately, with his friend in his arms. He burst through a screen of vines. II. Peter Griffon was aware of being car- ried, but thought nothing of it. Later he felt a breath of wind on face and body. He -was dully conscious of being lowered and tenderly deposited on something softer than the ground; but it was not until his head was raised and he felt the moist rim of a cup set against his lips that he paid much attention to what was happening. He drank deep of the cool water, and then opened his eyes. He was in a rustic shelter which stood open to the front, open to an invigorating bustle of sea breeze in drooping foliage and flashes and glimmers of the sea beyond. He heard the roll and burst and welter of surf far below him. On his right sat Big Tom, an earthen bowl between his knees from which he scooped hot morsels of baked yam and baked fish with greedy fingers. On his left, still, with a supporting arm back of him, knelt the man who had given him water. He was white, but where sun and wind had worked on him he was tanned to the hue of an old belt. Blue eyes shone out of his weathered mask with startling pallor and fire. He was shaved clean, chin and cheek and lip. He was not a young man, and yet even in repose he had not the air of an old one. His face was netted with fine wrinkles and the skin of his hands was also wrinkled and appeared to be too large for the flesh and bones within. "Who are you?" asked Griffon. "A friend," answered the other. "No slave owner nor magistrate nor man hunter. Ye played in luck, lad, when ye tumbled head first onto the rocks o' me own little water hole. Lay back now an' I'll fetch :e some good broth." He lowered Griffon's head and went nimbly from the shelter, light on his feet as a cat, but queerly stooped from the hips. Griffon felt an upflame of hope. He rolled over onto his sound shoulder and eyed Big Tom, who was now polishing the empty dish. "Who is he, Tom?" he asked. "And where are we?" "Dat the man we need most in dis whole island," replied the revived giant. "Sailor Penny am his name. Henry tell me. He find dat poor black boy Henry three years ago; an' Henry find us down by de water hole dis mornin', where we fall outer de jungle onto our heads." "Henry? The runaway slave they were going to whip to death?" 3 A 514 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. Big Tom nodded. "So it was him you saw in Crabhole Alley, rigged up like an old woman?" The other nodded again; and at that moment Sailor Penny entered the shelter with a steaming bowl in his hands. Big Tom sniffed and rolled his eyes. "No more for 'e yet a while," said the oldish man in the tone of a nurse to a greedy child. "Not quite enough be bet- ter nor a gorge for a flappin' belly--but I'll maybe give 'e a roasted fowl in an hour or two, or some such trifle." He fed the hot broth to Griffon with a wooden spoon. It was masterly broth, comforting the stomach and tingling along the arteries like wine. After swallowing the last drop of it and licking the spoon, Grif- fon lay flat again and slept. He awoke an hour later and found him- self alone in the rustic shelter. He sat up. He was his own man again, save for the small matter of a soreness and stiffness in his bandaged shoulder. He looked at the thatched roof and the frail walls of woven palm leaves and wondered at the fragile character of the place. Two low pallets made up of dried grasses and folded pieces of old sailcloth comprised the furnishings. He was still wondering when Sailor Penny entered, slipping in from the sunshine with that queer stoop which gave him an appear- ance of eager haste. "Feelin' brisker, mate?" he asked, squat- ting close in front of the fugitive. "A thousand times better, in mind an' in body," replied Griffon. "You have saved my life. Nay, you have given me life! For there is no life in slavery." "Handsomely spoke," returned the other. "Drink this." Griffon drained the cup obediently. The draft was bitter, but cool and not unpleas- ant. "Where is Big Tom?" he asked. "Somewheres below ground, with Henry." "A cave?" "Aye, ye may say so. I trust ye, mate-- by yer eyes. An' I trust Tom for what Henry tells of 'im. But ye hail from a bad quarter, lad--a. tricky quarter." Meaning Crabhole Alley?" "Meanin' the shop an' sarvice o' Caleb Stave." "Tricky! Man, if you knew him as I do, ye'd lay a stronger word on him. Lis- ten to me, Master Penny--an' make what you choose of it! If I saw old Caleb Stave staggering an' tottering on the edge of the red hot pit of everlasting damnation, yelling for help, and it was in my power to pluck him to safety--I'd push him in--so hear me God Almighty!" For several seconds the two men stared at each other in silence. "Hah!" breathed the elder, dimming the blue blaze of his eyes and relaxing the lines of mouth and jaw. "I believe 'e, mate. Ye know 'im! Tell me why ye hate 'im so." Griffon, too, relaxed suddenly in attitude and manner and expression of face. He glanced around him. "But are we safe here?" he w'hispered. "What if they've laid the hounds on our scent? We lie here defenseless." The other smiled and shook his head. "Ye be safe here, lad--safe as the gov- ernor in his great house on Fort Royal Hill," he said. So Griffon told him. He had been in Caleb Stave's service, at Caleb Stave's mercy, these past three years. These were the last years of the term of ten for which he had been transported to the plantations. He said nothing just then of the seven pre- ceding years of his slavery, beyond men- tioning the fact that he had beeen sold into Stave's hands from the island of St. Kitt's. He told only of the bitter nightmare of his relations with the ship-chandler of Crabhole Alley. It had speedily become evident to him that Stave was dissatisfied with his bar- gain. The truth of that matter had soon come to light. Stave had made a mistake. He had purchased three years of Griffon's indentured slavery under the misapprehen- sion that he was acquiring the expert ser- vices of one Grissin, a cutpurse and house- breaker. Upon learning that his servant had never cut a purse or picked a lock, he had heaped indignities and cruelties on him, at the same time leading others to believe that the poor devil was in reality the ruf- CRAB REEF. 515 lian whom he himself had thought and hoped him to be at the time of the purchase. Himself hating Griffon for his honesty, he had caused others to despise and distrust the unfortunate servant for the lack of it. That was Caleb Stave. That was ever Caleb Stave's way. He had given the poor clog a bad name even while humiliating, overworking, starving and whipping him for being an honest dog. Caleb Stave had a granddaughter in his house. She was an orphan. She was young and innocent and also beautiful and kind. For months she had looked upon Griffon with fear and distaste; but in the course of time with pity, despite his black reputa- tion; and at last, after hearing something of the truth, she had looked upon him with kindness. The ship-chandler had smelled out the situation and given it his close and crooked attention. He had seen in it an opportunity for the kind of double play in which his verminous soul delighted. So he had gone softly about it; and next morning the girl had run to him with the startling informa- tion that most of her trinkets were missing from her treasure box, the inadequate lock of which had been burst. Stave had called Griffon to him and, despite the girl's pro- tests, had accused the outcast of the theft. Griffon had stared dazedly, not knowing exactly what to deny; whereupon the old devil had plucked and torn at the unfortu- nate's scanty and ragged clothing and brought to light two or three of the missing trinkets. Griffon had flared out at that recklessly, denied the theft and any knowledge of it with curses, and named the old man for a rogue, a cheat, a liar, a cow- ard, and a being so vile in himself and so low in his dirty gutter origin as to be scarce- ly human. And he had shaken his fist in his master's face and cried some foolishness about his own quality of blood and ances- try. Me had played the outraged gentleman for a minute or two, poor devil. His words and his scorn had succeeded in cutting Stave to the quick, and for his success he had been held by one negro and whipped by another until he fainted, while the old man forced the girl to look on. Griffon's lot had been harder after that. He had been worked to the bone and under- fed. He had been steadily worn down in body from strength to quivering weakness; and every effort had been made to wear down his spirit as well, and his mind, or break them utterly. He had been set to the most humiliating, the most degrading tasks, thwacked and jeered at by his master and the Spanish mulatto foreman. So nearly had his courage been broken that he had once tried to take his own life. His shaking hand had saved him. He had been doctored for the wound, fed back to a degree of strength, and then whipped to unconsciousness. That had taught him a lesson--and his next effort with the knife had been directed against the Spanish mulatto. In this also he had failed; and for the attempt he had been beaten with a supplejack. Things had improved for him soon after that, despite Stave's best efforts to break his manhood. The mulatto, who was a free- man, had been killed in a drunken brawl on the water front. Then the girl had discov- ered her lost trinkets one day in her grand- father's bedroom, at the bottom of a box in which he kept his private store of liquor. She had told Griffon and begged his for- giveness for ever having doubted his hon- esty--but she feared to tell the old man. Her sympathy had lightened Griffon's spir- itual and mental darkness; and then Big Tom, who had been bought to replace the deceased free mulatto, had shown him sur- reptitious kindness. Griffon leaned forward and grasped one of his attentive host's thin wrists with his clawlike right hand. His eyes glowed. "Stave accused me of robbing him!" he exclaimed in a hate bitten whisper. "I was within a few days of my freedom. A lie, to save himself and damn me! Another double trick, to save himself and enslave me forever! But I was helpless. Who will believe a slave? So I struck him down and ran. I downed him with a bag of yams. Listen! I knew enough to hang him; but I ran for my freedom. For who would have believed what I could tell? Or even if one had believed, would he admit it? The slave against the master! 516 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. "The soldiers and constables were search- ing every house and shop for jewels and money robbed from Fort Royal. They had been at it night and day. They came to Crabhole Alley, smashing doors and ripping beds, poking everywhere, tearing up floors, prodding holes in yards and gardens--and they were at Caleb Stave's front door. D'ye see it? Listen to me! I knew the truth-- the truth to hang him--but I was helpless! "He had yelled of robbery that morning, as soon as the constables came into the alley --of the robbery of his strong box--and now he named me for the thief--and the sol- diers at the door! D'ye see it So I ran-- for I'd have been found twice guilty had I tried to show his guilt--jor he had buried his own strong box in the earth under the floor oj that stinking shop--along with the bags of jewels and gold which he had robbed from the governor's house! Now d'ye get it? D'ye understand? "First, he had robbed the governor and hidden the stuff--but that I did not see. Next, when the search drew near, he was afraid and hid some of his own money, in his own strong box, with the other--and that I saw, spying on him through a crack. And then he yelled that he'd been robbed. That was to draw off the hunt from his shop. Then he brought the hunters to his door and named me for a thief. D'ye see it?" "But if ye'd showed 'em--" "If I'd shown them--man, don't you see it yet? Would magistrates believe my tale, think you?--that the old devil had robbed himself? No! I'd be punished for both robberies. Hanged. And the governor would reward Caleb Stave." "I git it, mate. Now tell me this. Did Stave know that ye knew about 'im--that ye spied on him?" "He didn't know it. He doesn't know it." "Not about ye knowin' where he buried the blunt?" "No, for a certainty! He didn't catch me spying. I didn't tell him what I knew. I gave him the lie and ran for it. He had accused me just to break me--and to save himself if the stuff should be found by any chance. A double play, you see." "Aye, double an' deep. Deep as hell. An' the blunt, mate? Where would it be now?" "Where I saw it. He won't shift it till the danger's past." Sailor Penny nodded reflectively, then went away and soon returned with another bowl of invigorating broth. III. Before sunset, Sailor Penny took Peter Griffon to the edge of the cliff before the shelter and pointed downward. Griffon saw a strip of still water about one hundred yards in width and three times as long at the foot of the cliff. This was sheltered from the outer commotion by a crescent of black reef against which the seas rocked up and rode straight and burst to froth as white as snow. Midway the reef, where it was highest and widest, squatted a frag- ment of an old hulk--twenty feet or so of stove keel, unplanked ribs crusted with shells and weeds, a ragged butt of bowsprit and a stump of foremast. "It be a proper island at neap, an' no more nor a strip at full an' all a-wash at flood," said Penny. "I've set here many's the time for hours o' moonlit nights pic- turin' Caleb Stave on that there reef with- out boat nor raft to bring 'im off." "You have?" queried Griffon, surprised. "So you know him, too?" "I've heard tell of 'im from more nor yerself, mate, up an' down the islands these man}' years, ashore an' afloat. He'd look uncommon well on that there reef without raft nor boat, blast his fishy deadlights!" "He'd swim ashore. You don't know the inhuman beastliness of that old man, or ye'd wish him worse than that, as I do. I wish him in hell! He's had me in hell, down in the red hot slime of it, these three years, torturing me soul and body. That's where I wish Caleb Stave--for a thousand years!" "He wouldn't swim ashore, no fear! Sharks, me lad! The)' be down there a-plenty. I encourages 'em. He'd find Crab Reef hell enough." "You would starve him? Good!" "Nay, he wouldn't starve." CRAB REEF. 517 "Not starve? What then" That be an uncommon bit o' reef, lad. I've seen the same north about the Tor- tugas. But come along now an' I'll show "e somethink else afore dark." He led the way back to the shelter, went to the rear of it and thrust a hand up into the thatch. A flake of dull metallic surface was exposed to view. "What is it?" asked Griffon, who was be- ginning to entertain suspicions of Sailor Penny's mental condition. "A pewter dish," answered Penny. "A lookout forrard. A sentinel. Safety." Griffon smiled indulgently and shook his head. "It shows from the outside, broad an' bright," continued the other. "But only from one angle. Over yonder scouts the Turtle, along me brook an' strip o' clear- ance, from sunup to sundown--an' he knows the angle. If he sights a stranger, up he climbs into the highest o' the right trees, up to the angle for a glimpse o' this here pewter dish, an' takes a shoot at it. Maybe two o' us be settin' here in the cool-- or three, maybe--when ping goes the pewter dish, an' down we goes underground, leavin' nothink for a stranger to see save this here old shelter what a shipwrecked sailor might rig an' sleep under a night or two." Griffon was impressed and puzzled. "But the turtle? What d'ye mean by a turtle climbing trees?" "Injun. Carib. Good lad, the Turtle-- an' smart as paint." "Ah! An aborigine. What does he shoot with?" "Me own cross-bow, the best that ever sped iron tipped quarrel. I took it off a Flemming shipmaster years ago. It shoots farther an' truer nor dag or pistolet, an' without the bang. An' now I'll show 'e somethink else." They left the shelter and entered the edge of the jungle at a point about twenty yards away. Sailor Penny lay flat and wrig- gled forward beneath the tangle a distance of six or eight yards. Griffon followed him close. Penny got to his feet and climbed into the branches of a tree of dense growth and low branches, disappearing in a few seconds in the upper tangle of green and brown. Griffon followed slowly, with con- siderable difficulty. He reached a narrow platform of sticks lashed securely together to form an aerial den in the upper depths of green obscurity and jungle mystery. There Penny was wait- ing for him and led him halfway around the tree trunk on foot ropes of living vines re- enforced with cordage, and along a hori- zontal limb on hands and knees, where they were enveloped in screens of hanging tangle. Penny swung beneath the limb on the twist- ed jungle net, went down hand under hand and in a second was swallowed from Grif- fon's sight. Griffon followed, awkwardly because of his disabled left arm. But the descent was not difficult, for good hemp cordage was rove among the vines and rat- lines were set as in a ship's shrouds. He sank into a dense tide of snarled vege- tation and found Penny waiting for him again among the roots of things, in a space circumscribed as a ship's forecastle hatch, walled and roofed with foliage and stem and tendril. The only light was an amber dusk from high overhead. Penny chuckled, stooped, fumbled at the ground for a sec- ond, then raised the lid of a black hole. "The after hatch," he said, swinging it lightly up and back until it reclined against the jungle wall. He lowered himself into the hole shoulder deep; Griffon joined him there: whereupon Penny reached over and brought the light, hinged door of wicker work and woven grass into place above their bowed heads. Sailor Penny had an extraordinary estab- lishment underground, which he shared with an extraordinary company. Here was a cave in the living rock older than humanity and almost as crooked as the ways of Caleb Stave, with a seaweed vent halfway up the face of the seventy-foot cliff. This vent, a horizontal crack in the rock, had been originally of considerable extent, but had been filled up with roughly dressed stone from both ends to within six feet of the center. This aperture, as wide as a gate, but no more than two feet high, was hidden from seaward eyes--so Penny said--by a narrow ledge just below it across the face of the cliff and a thin veil of creepers pendent from 518 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. above. It stood wide open to a drift of salty breeze when Griffon first glanced through it at the dimming sea and the first stars; but a moment later, at a word from Penny, two black fellows closed it with a grating of oak and rusty iron. "D'ye fear an attack from the sea to- night?" asked Griffon. "Aye, we'll be attacked to-night, same as usual," replied Penny casually. "Same as usual? I thought this a secret stronghold!" "Aye, secret enough from our human enemies." Again Griffon felt a doubt of the old man's sanity; and, at the same moment, a daunting sensation of chilliness between his shoulder blades and up the back of his neck. He cast an apprehensive glance at the grating and the fast deepening night beyond it. "But what else d'ye fear?" he asked with scores of old tales of sea devils and sea ghosts stirring in his mind. Sailor Penny ignored the question, took him by a hand and led him back to an in- ner chamber of the cave. Here, against one rocky wall and screened by hanging mats of woven grass, burned a clear fire beneath two iron pots. The thin smoke from the firm, dry fuel crept up a vertical crevice in the wall and vanished in the gloom high overhead. The runaway slave named Henry was in attendance upon the pots; and Big Tom and two other negroes and a small man as dark as they, but thin featured and straight haired, squatted close at hand. This last was the Turtle, the Carib, the watchman with the Flemish cross-bow. The strange blacks were runaway slaves from the south side of the island, who had escaped to Sailor Penny's sanctuary three months before. "I've had as many as eight below hatches here at the one time, not countin' the Tur- tle," explained Penny. "Eight runaways, an' two of 'em 'dentured white men like yer- self, mate. One o' that lot died for lack o' the blood he lost breakin' away." "What became of the others?" asked Griffon. "I got 'em clean off--but me signal was flyin' nigh onto a month before I could ship 'em. Some of 'em be coral now, like enough, an' some of 'em under overseers' lashes agin, maybe--but I done me best-- give 'em their freedom an a clean run to hold it." "You shipped them away from her?" "Aye, an' dozens afore that lot an' maybe a dozen since. I been here fifteen years, lad." "And yet you've not escaped yourself?" "Escaped! I be a free man, mate--me own master!" "Yet you remain here in hiding and suc- cor runaway slaves at risk of your life!" "A diversion, lad. It passes the time o' waitin'. Henry, serve the stew." Griffon asked more questions of his host during supper, but failed to get anything better than a wag of the head for answer; and immediately after supper he was shown to a far corner of the cave, where a thin mattress was spread for him beside Penny's couch. He lay down and was within a blink of sleep when he was disturbed by the poke of a finger in the ribs. "Where were 'e when 'e seen Stave bury the blunt?" whispered Penny. "In the loft," he replied impatiently, longing to resign himself to the sweet, light pressure on lids and brain. "An' ye seen him lift the floor an' bury it in a corner?" "Yes. Nay, not in a corner. Behind the counter--midway--with coils of rope atop." IV. Both Sailor Penny and Henry were gone from the cave when Peter Griffon awoke from his first night of slumber in that queer sanctuary. Though he ached from scalp to heel, he felt a new kick of life in him. Big Tom brought him breakfast and bathed and dressed his shoulder. When he went to the front of the cave he found the sun high and the grating removed from the long window. It was then that Big Tom told him that their host and Henry had gone away at the first clear break of daylight, and that all hands, with the ex- ception of the Turtle, were to remain un- derground until their return, by Master Penny's orders. CRAB REEF. 519 Griffon was startled by an unpleasant suspicion. "Would he play us false?" he whispered. "No fear o' dat," replied Tom. "What for would he make known all de secret ways o' dis yere cave to us if he didn't mean to act honest by us?" "And why not, if he shipped us far enough away? He said he had shipped dozens like us, white and black, out of the island. D'ye think he goes to all this bother and labor and danger for the love of poor devils like you and me?" "But Henry say dey goes free. De old man don't sell 'em. Henry make one v'yage himself, two years ago. He go away free and he come back free six months later." "And what manner of voyage was that?" Big Tom did not know. Henry had not given a clear account of the trip, having no appetite for the sea and its roaring perils. He had been glad to get back to Master Penny with a whole skin and two handfuls of gold. "There you have it!" exclaimed Griffon. "Freedom! Aye, freedom with a ven- geance--until ye're sped in a bloody fight or taken alive and hanged by the neck. Two handfuls of gold! Don't you see it, Tom? It's the buccaneers who take Pen- ny's runaways off his hands! The buc- caneers--and they're naught but murdering pirates nowadays!" Big Tom accepted this disclosure calmly. Griffon was dejected. He saw himself help- less between an ignominious death on one hand and an unthinkable life of brutality on the other. For the glory of the old buccaneers, of the Free Companions, was a thing of the past. That hardy and des- perate fellowship had preyed upon Spain, upon the proud and ruthless enemy of Eng- land and humanity--but those days and conditions were gone, and the old name was now applied to crews of beasts as devoid of courage as of mercy. Twice during the day the two fugitives attempted to leave the cave by the way they had entered, but each time they found the Turtle with his cross-bow on guard at the mouth of the tunnel; and each time the Carib had turned them back with a gesture of the hand and a shoot of the eye not to be denied. They considered the sea- ward vent as a way of escape. They could easily have reached the narrow ledge by way of the crack in the face of the cliff, and with the help of a rope they could have descended from the ledge to the lagoon --but, as they were without a boat of any sort, all that would have been worse than useless. The day passed without the return of Sailor Penny and Henry. The Turtle came below at sunset and took command. The heavy grating was again placed in the aper- ture overlooking the sea and the black reef, and the evening meal was cooked and eaten. Peter Griffon retired early, but he did not sleep. For a long time he lay still, hearing nothing but the snores and snorts of his slumbering companions. Then he left his couch and moved noiselessly about the caves. He became aware of a faint pulsing sound, light on the ear. but large on the mind like the running and pounding of surf greatly muffled; and for a time he believed it to be the voice of the sea's commotion out in front along the base of the cliff and the reef beyond. But he changed his mind. It did not come from the front--or not en- tirely so, at least--but from beneath. It pulsed under his feet, under the floor of rock on which he stood, telling of a second and lower cave into which the tide rolled. That's their water gate, their sallyport, and doubtless they have a safe way down to it and boats hidden somewhere," he told himself. It did not interest him particularly, for he had no intention of attempting to escape just then in an open boat. He would wait to learn more of this Sailor Penny and his subterranean ways. He moved toward the front of the cave and presently heard another sound ahead. He paused for a moment, then continued his advance with the utmost caution. The sound grew as he approached the grated seaward aperture. It was a composite sound, made up of crackings and rattlings and harsh scrapings; and he thought of the nightly attack from the sea of which Sailor Penny had spoken, and all the old tales he had ever heard of sea devils and the like flashed across his mind. 520 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. He paused again and struggled for the space of half a dozen quickened heart beats with a frantic impulse to retreat to the far- thest corner of the cave and his snoring companions; but he mastered this cowardly impulse and w'ent forward again. He looked for a faint gleam of starshine at the grated vent, but he could not see it. He continued to advance toward the appall- ing and mysterious confusion of sounds un- til they seemed to arise from within a yard or two of him; and at the same moment an almost overpowering stench of deep sea things assailed his nostrils and breathed coldly and clammily on his face--the stench and breath of watery depths, of weed sod- den with the undertows of a thousand tides, of barnacles and rotted wreckage and salty slime and death. He stood his ground, though he wavered and swayed for a moment. He caught a gleam of starshine close in front of him, but it vanished in a fraction of a second. He caught another, which was gone as swift- ly as the first. Then he realized that things --the devil only knew what manner of things!--filled the seaward vent of the cave, fighting and clawing at the grating of rusty iron. Peter Griffon sank to his knees, unnerved by a sickening horror. Wild conjectures surged through his shuddering mind; but he did not retreat; and presently he mas- tered his horror sufficiently to raise and ad- vance his hand and a short stick he held toward the point where he knew the grating stood securely wedged in its frame of rock. He felt the iron bars--and other things as hard--but alive!--things as hard as the iron which moved beneath the point of his stick. He jabbed the stick frantically here and there through the grating, and at every jab something loosed and fell and he heard a thud on the rocky ledge below; and at every thrust a shining gap of starlight appeared for a moment against the grating--a gap almost as wide as a cavalier's hat. The gaps were obliterated, refilled, as fast as he made them; and soon, his arm work slackening in speed, the stick was gripped and all but snatched from his hand. He yanked hard on it, yanked and pulled until it came away with a tearing sound. He felt the end of it with his fingers and found the tough wood shredded like hair for a distance of four or five inches from the tip. Then he knew. These monsters against whom the seaward entrance to the cave was so strongly barred every night were giant crabs. He had heard gruesome tales of certain reefs and keys of the Tortugas to the north, to which just such beasts as these swarmed up every night from black depths, whereon bones of men who had been cast ashore alive and dead lay white as new coral. He remembered one tale of a big negro who had been dragged to earth and killed and stripped of his flesh in the sight and hearing of a canoe load of would-be rescuers. Now he understood the significance of Sailor Penny's remarks con- cerning the reef. It was a comfort to know that Penny was not crazy. Peter returned to his mat and slept until aroused by the good scents of yams and fish roasting and broiling for breakfast. V. Another day passed, and another night, before the reappearance of Sailor Penny and his man Henry. The manner of their return was surprising to Peter and Big Tom. The inmates of the cave had been awake only a few minutes, and the fire of dry vines had just begun to flame and crackle beneath the pot when, a shrill whistle from somewhere underfoot caused the Turtle to lay aside his culinary tasks and hasten to- ward the front of the cave. The others fol- lowed him. When halfway to the seaward window--from which the grating had not yet been removed for the day--he stepped aside to a shadowy recess in the left-hand wall. He reappeared in a second with the end of a stout rope, to which a large iron hook was attached. He stooped to the center of the floor of smooth rock, brushed a layer of stone dust away and lifted an iron ring from a little hole in the rock. Into this ring he slipped the hook. Then, after waving the curious spectators back from the center of the floor, he retired again into the dusky CRAB REEF. 521 recess; and, next moment, they heard the creaking of a windlass, and then beheld a great square of the floor, a hatch of rock, rise slowly to a sound of grinding hinges. The first thing to appear from those black depths--from which arose the slosh and sob of uneasy waters over weedy rocks --was the woolly pate of Henry. The rest of him followed swiftly. He bore on his back a light bundle wrapped in water- proofed canvas and securely tied. Sailor Penny rose close on his heels, empty hand- ed, smiling genially around at the astonished company. After breakfast Penny took Griffon for- ward to the crack in the living rock over- looking the lagoon and the reef and the bright sea beyond. He smoked tobacco, not in a pipe, but in a long roll of leaf after the Spanish style, and seemed to be in a high humor. "We dealt yer enemy a rude shog, me lad," he said. "Even now Crabhole Alley rings from end to end with his lamentations, ye may lay to that! We robbed him of what's dearer to him nor his own immortal soul, did me an' Henry." At that he fell to chuckling; but suddenly his mood changed, his eyes darkened and his mouth hardened. "But the measure is not yet heaped to overflowin', the debt is not yet paid," he added grimly. "What mischief have you done him?" asked Griffon. "His gold and silver," returned the other. "For a piece of gold he would bear false witness against his brother; for a piece of silver he would cheat a friend; for a penny he would trick a blind beggar. We robbed him of his buried strong box and, along with it, of the treasure he stole from the governor, did me an' Henry. We found the blunt in the very spot you said, me lad." Griffon stared at him, incredulous. "And we digged it up," he continued. "Aye, an' we fetched it clean away--Caleb Stave's blood sweated money and the gov- ernor's bloody treasure!" Griffon continued to stare, speechless, amazed. Sailor Penny waved a hand to- ward the sunshine and sea glimmer in front and below. "And it lays there," he continued; "out there on that sweet bit o' reef, with a patch o' sailcloth an' a few coral rocks to hold it down--all them broad pieces an' flashin' rich gems!" "Out there?" queried Griffon in a dazed whisper. "On the reef?" "Aye, lad, as sure as the whip o' the tyrant has run red with yer blood--as sure as you an' me be exiles from our sweet English places, hidin' in our earths like hunted foxes--aye, as sure--" He ceased speaking, but continued to gaze out at the shine and glimmer with unwinking eyes. "Is it true that you have robbed Stave?" asked the young man. Penny turned to him and replied, smil- ing: "Have patience for a little while an' ye shall know. Ye shall see. The days of Caleb Stave are numbered. By his own black greed shall he be destroyed as surely as hell awaits him--as surely as he has proved faithless to every man who trusted him and blind and deaf to every one who ever asked mercy or succor of him." "Who are you?" asked Griffon, strangely moved. "A Berkshire man like verself--aye, an' like Caleb Stave. Have ye forgot Per.ny- fold, the little farm on the downs? Griffon land, aye, but farmed by Pennies close onto two hundred years. Honest yeomen all-- until the hunger for worldly place gripped my heart! I was an only child. I had schoolin' above my own father an' idleness above my station. I coursed hares on the downs with the squire's son. I was half a gentleman--God pity me! an' the ambition gripped me to be all of one. And the squire's son was my friend. He gave me money; an' so I went away from Berk- shire an' clean away from old England to find a fortune. "The master o' the first ship I sailed in was a thief an' a cheat--aye, an' worse-- a spirit! He tricked fools into his power an' sold them to the plantations. He spirited away little English children an' sold them into slavery. But ye know the accursed breed of devil's whelps! His name was Hudderkin. He sold me in Virginia. I es- caped within the year an' took to seafarin'. For twelve years I sailed those seas, an' south as far as Para, maybe, in divers com-&lt; 522 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. panies, or hid ashore in stinkin' jungles; an' in that time I saw Hudderkin walk the plank, screamin'--an' that's enough said o' that stage o' my career. "I set up shopkeepin' in Port Royal. I waxed prosperous; I found me a wife, an' my fortune grew. And one day came a Berkshire man to my door, ragged an' robbed an' bleedin', beggin' sup an' crust an' shelter in the name of God's mercy-- an' it was Caleb Stave, the son of Jerry Stave, the cobbler o' Wantage. Poor stuff, aye!--but a Berkshire man. Mean enough in the noses of honest yeomen Pennies but very dirt to the high Griffons. I mind him in the little hutch before his father's shop, an' me an' the squire's son ridin' by. "But I took him in like a brother. I clothed an' fed him. Later I gave him work an' wage. I trusted him. I made him a partner in my business. I withheld nothing from him of my past or present. And we prospered together for years. And then he was revealed to me all of a sudden, in a flash--the devil he was, the false friend, the trickster and liar! "In that flash I saw myself childless and poor--for he had estranged my children from me and robbed me of my worldly gear. I made to tear out his throat with my hands, but they dragged me away. Then he denounced me for a pirate an' sent for the constables an' the soldiers. But I es- caped; an' for years I was back at the old life--the narrow seas an' stinkin' cricks an' jungles high an' low. "The rich trader, Caleb Stave, moved from Port Royal. I know naught o' what befell mv deluded children. But one day I found' Caleb Stave on this island, in Crabhole Alley. That was years and years ago--but it won't be much longer, lad. Then we'll return to our sweet green places in Berkshire, Master Penny to Pennyfold and Squire Griffon to Danes's Ride an' High Hall an' Griffonstun an' Bustard Chase--for that first an' best friend o' mine was yer own dear father!" "Bustard Chase," echoed Griffon, his voice shaken with yearning. "Danes's Ride, Griffonstun. High Hall. Man, you name the dead! There is no acre of Grif- fon land now under all the titles of those dear names. They all passed from us in the twinkling of an eye--nay, say rather in the flash of an ax edge! My poor father, that friend of your youth, made enemies high at court. - They were land hungry and he was blood proud. He is a proud man, or else a very saint, who bows only to God Almighty. My father bowed only to God, and yet he was no saint. They goaded him to rashness, to defiance, to the utterance of wild and violent words at home and at court --and at last to a thing to which they gave the name of high treason. I was soldiering in Flanders when my father's head fell in the tower. I went home and faced his murderers--and you see me now!" "I heard it," replied Sailor Penny. "I kept it clear in me mind an' hot in me heart. One o' them high murderers v'yaged abroad--an' him I sped with me own hand on a slippery deck. An' another died in his bed, I heard. An' now there sits a new king on England's throne. Have pa- tience, lad. Scars heal, an' the sand runs out an' the glass is to turn once more, an' the wheel sags round." VI. Three days passed, during which time Sailor Penny did not say more than half a dozen words to Peter Griffon on any one occasion nor give a satisfactory answer to any one of a score of questions. They were uneventful days. Griffon and Big Tom were given several airings above ground, but always under the eye of Henry or the Turtle or Penny himself; and the seaward vent of the cave was grated against the hungry crabs each night; and good food was cooked and eaten daily in generous por- tions. Griffon's strength returned to him swiftly. On the morning of the fourth day, he awoke to discover Sailor Penny and Henry gone again. Inspired by consuming curiosity and something greater and deeper to which he was unable to affix a name, Griffon kept watch for the return of the old man and Henry. Each night, as soon as his com- panions were sound asleep, he took his mat forward to within a yard of the grating; and there, between naps, he arose frequently CRAB REEF. 523 and prodded the great clawing crabs away from the iron bars and looked forth at the starlit lagoon and black reef. He always returned to his place at the back of the cave before dawn, so that the Turtle should not suspect his vigilant curiosity. Thus three nights of vigil passed without reward. On the fourth night, late, having made himself a peephole with his stick in the wall of ravenous crabs for the tenth time, he glimpsed something unusual out in the star- shine and pale fire of phosphorescent waters. It was a small boat drawing in to the sea- ward side of the reef. He had no more than glimpsed this thing than the cleared spot on the grating was refilled. Then he prodded with grim determination and fran- tic haste, knocking a great crab clear of the rusty iron at every prod. And then he became aware of an amazing thing. The crabs were all gone from the grating--which was a strange enough thing in itself--but. stranger still, they did not return. He could hear them scraping and scrambling down the face of the cliff. Griffon looked out at the low black reef and the black boat beyond. The boat was close in against the tide washed coral. A man leaped from its bows to the reef, and the boat backed off. There looked to be something queer about the reef--or was it the starshine? It seemed to quiver from end to end, as if alive--to squirm, without shift- ing its position--to wrinkle its rough back in thousands of changing knobs and ridges. And what was wrong with the man who had leaped so eagerly ashore there but a moment before? He staggered like a drunkard. He fell and staggered up again, screaming. His screams were of sheer horror. He sprang to the edge of the water, still screaming-- but the boat continued to draw away from him. He ran heavily to the ridge of the reef, fell again, staggered up once more; and now he looked to be bulkier of outline-- lumpy--distorted. Now there was agony as well as terror in his resounding outcry. He struggled toward the old hulk of wreck- age as if seeking refuge, heavily, slowly, only to fall in a moment for the third and last time. His terrible screams ceased as suddenly as if a hand had been clamped upon his mouth; the boat vanished in the hazy starshine; the black surface of the reef continued to quake and crawl. VII. The sun wras above the sea's edge, and Griffon had fallen at last into uneasy sleep, when the occupants of the upper cave heard Sailor Penny's shrill signal from the watery cavern below. Griffon awoke and sprang to his feet. The windlass was manned, the stone hatch was raised. Henry was the first to rise from the depths. He grinned around him, but there was a grayness in his black skin and a wild light of relief in his eyes. Without a word, he cast the hook clear of the ring in the stone and lowered it down the hole. He sent the Turtle back to the windlass with a wave of the hand. "Hoist away!" rang the voice of Penny from the depths. The windlass creaked and Henry steadied the ascending rope with his hands, leaning out over the open hatch. A package wrapped in wet sailcloth and strongly roped about came into view, topped the level of the floor and was dragged aside by Henry. It was small, but it was heavier than lead. Again the rope was lowered down the hatch to the unseen boat, and again came Sailor Penny's cry of "Hoist away!" Once more Henry leaned over and steadied the ascending rope with both hands. This was a very different load from the first. This was no inanimate package done up in wet sailcloth, but a young woman seated in a bight of rope. As she stepped upon the floor of the cave Peter Griffon cried out in a voice of incredulous joy, whereupon she ran to him and was clasped tight in his arms. Then came Sailor Penny himself up from the weltering black depths by way of the sea ladder of rope and ratlines, bearing on his right shoulder an oblong box of red wood studded and banded with tarnished silver. He beamed at the assembled com- pany. Only Griffon and the young woman did not see him, or if they saw him. did not heed him. He stepped over to them, 524 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. close to them, still holding the ornate box on his shoulder. Lad, ye've got yer Sally at last," he said. "An' no Stave trash neither. I lamed the truth of it all last night. Who d'ye reckon ye be huggin' an' kissin', lad?" "She's Sally! I don't care who else she is--what she is!" cried Griffon. "She's the daughter o' my dead son," retorted the old man, with dignity. "A Penny; honest old Berkshire yeoman stock: no dirty Stave trash; a Penny o' Penny- fold!" The lovers paid no attention to him. The old man turned to the others, who ob- served him with round and devoted eyes. He lowered the box from his shoulder to the crook of his left arm. "High gentility," he said, with a wag of his head toward Griffon. "I was born an' raised on Griffon land. An' she'll be the lady o' Danes's Ride an' High Hall." He patted the box significantly. "The glass be turned, lads. The black crabs be fed. There'll be a good ship layin' off here any day now, to carry us home. The wheel sags round." VIII. Sailor Penny and the Turtle and the blacks ate hearty breakfasts, Penny and Henry in particular devouring broiled snap- per and roasted yams and plantains, and topping off with luscious mangoes and swig- ging rum and water with the air of men who had achieved a laudable task and de- served well of the world. Only Griffon and the girl were indifferent to the good food. Between the powerful emotions of joy and disgust, their appetites were entirely upset. They sat side by side, hand in hand, now gazing each into the other's eyes, now whis- pering one into the other's ear words of be- wildered and incredulous delight, now star- ting anu trembling at a thought of the na- ture of Caleb Stave's death. They felt nothing of pity for that old beast--the An- gel of Mercy himself would have felt no pity for that vile crusher of human hopes and breaker of human lives; but the mem- ory of the screams they had heard, the one in the open boat and the other in the cave, shook them with loathsome horror. Old Sailor Penny was in high spirits. The patience of long and perilous years was rewarded, the work of years was crowned, his dream through years of heart- ache and fear and humiliation and hardship was on the verge of realization. The score had been paid. Hell had been fed by way of the black reef. Hate was satisfied. The days of his exile were numbered and wealth was in his hand, and he saw the green Berk- shire downs and the weathered thatches of Pennyfold again with eyes of youth. Within a week or two, or a month at the most, a good ship would appear in the of- fing flying a signal. Fate, chance, luck-- call it what you will--had played his game at the last with both hands. Not only was he himself avenged, but the son of the high and unfortunate friend of his youth was avenged. Not only was wealth recovered, but the daughter of his own son was dis- covered and reclaimed from the unknown. Not only had he retaken much of the world- ly treasure of which Caleb Stave had robbed him years ago, but with it he had taken the far greater treasure of jewels w'hich Stave had stolen from the governor. He was in high spirits. Breakfast was finished and cleared away. The Turtle went aloft to gather fruit and vegetables and to scout around. Henry rolled over on his back and fell asleep; and, after regarding him admiringly for a few minutes, two others of the fugitives followed his example. Old Penny and the lovers and Big Tom moved to the front of the cave and made themselves comfortable on couches of old sails in the line of a breeze from the sea. The rusty grating had been removed from the long crack; and waves and sky flashed with celestial tints beyond the frame of dark rock. From their low seats nothing was to be seen of the tragic reef. The old man's eyes were glistening as if he had never lost an hour's sleep in his life. His smile was as bright as his eyes. His leathery visage fairly shone with benevo- lence and content. He puffed on a thin roll of tobacco which he had lit before leav- ing the cooking fire, expelling the azure smoke through his nostrils. He took his granddaughter's disengaged hand in one CRAB REEF. 525 of his, laid it on a knee of his tarry breeches and patted it affectionately. "Ye'll wed her, lad?" he queried, stoop- ing forward and turning the twinkling glance of his startlingly blue eyes upon Pe- ter Griffon. "I--I believe--with reason, I trust-- she will do me the honor of--becoming my wife," replied Griffon with embarrassed dignity. Sailor Penny chuckled. "I have enough for us all, lad," he said. "I'll set ye up agin in the high place they dragged yer father down from in the days o' the old king. Pennyfold be all I want for meself --an' maybe a chair at the dinner table of High Hall." "Is your wealth so great, my friend?" asked Griffon. "For I doubt if the usurp- ers will give up those broad lands without a struggle," he added. i; It is great enough, and there be a new king now on the throne. Aye, lad, it was considerable afore the last venture; and now with me own back from Caleb Stave-- or sufficient to cover interest on it for all these years, anyhow--an' the grand treas- ure that chanced to fall along with, an' atop o' that, we be rich men, Master Peter Grif- fon." "Your wealth is no affair of mine, ex- cept so far as your kind and generous heart may prompt you to befriend me with it. You have already proved a friend in need, and you were my father's friend; and I would no more question the sources of your riches than I would weigh your gold and silver and demand a portion of it for your son's daughter. I know that you come justly by the strong box of old Caleb Stave, to which same I pointed you the way, my friend. There was justice; and if you had his shop an' his ships an' all his household gear to boot, 'twould be no more than your honest due. But what of the treasure of gold and jewels from Fort Royal Hill--of the governor's fortune?" "That, too, goes into our common purse, lad. The giant's share o' that will be for yerself an' yer lady--my Sally there--have no fear! Danes's Ride an' High Hall an' Griffonstun'll find the old man at Penny- fold a generous gran'daddv, ye kin lay to that! An' ye'll never hear me deny that it was yerself p'inted me the way to it along with the strong box o' Caleb Stave." "But what right have we to the gover- nor's gold and jewels?" "What right? What right, d'ye say? God's mercy--d'ye ax me what right? The right o' the robbed ag'in' the robber! The right o' the weak ag'in' the strong! The only right by which an honest man can have an' hold--aye, or keep the blessed spark o' life behind his ribs--in this world o' cheats an' thieves an' tyrants an' slan- derers an' murderers!" "Nay -- say rather the right by which usurpers now sit in the halls of my fathers! Had the jewels belonged to Stave, well and good; but his theft of them did not make them his. To rob him--yea, to bring him to his death--was justice. My temper and my conscience are with you to the hilt in that affair; but to strip of his fortune a man with whom you have no quarrel is an act which I hesitate to call by its true name to my dead father's friend." Sailor Penny stared at the young man incredulously for a little while, then with shocked amazement, at last with choleric and sneering disgust. The hot blue fire of his eyes would have daunted a less valiant fellow than Peter Griffon. He uttered a string of blistering sea oaths, then paused to note the effect. Griffon continued to eye him calmly: the girl sat with bowed head: Big Tom reclined on an elbow with his gaze on Griffon's face. The old man drew a breath and burst forth again, his lips twisting, his head and shoul- ders trembling. "What do I hear?" he cried. "Afeared o' a chance dimund! Afeared o' a rum- swillin' governor! 'Postles' bones! An' ye a soldier an' a gentleman! Strike me dead! Where be yer Griffon speerit? Did Caleb Stave lash it out o' ye through yer skin? Caleb Stave, the son o' the Wantage cobbler. Blood an' wounds!" "Rave on, old man." replied Griffon, steadily but with a significant undertone of hardness in his voice. "I owe you my life, and more than my life. As to my spirit, it is here, unbroken, unhurt -- the spirit of my fathers. Master Penny." 526 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. "D'ye say so? An'what of it? I sp'iled me enemy, an! yer enemy--the traitor an' disp'iler who'd ha' sent ye to the gallows for his own crime but for men Henry fincl- in' 'e in the jungle--an' what I take I keep! D'ye cross me in me own cave, Peter Grif- fon--me who's been robbed an' betrayed an' hunted? Aye, an' what o' yerself-- hidin' like a fox in his earth, with wounds in yer flesh an' scars on yer back! Yet ye cross me with talk o' right--rights o' prop- erty--all for a few colored stones! Where be yer own rights? Where was they when ye was soldierin' for yer king in Flanders an' they murdered yer father? What did kings an' governors an' rights o' property do for 'e then? An' d'ye reckon the gov- ernor came honest an' clean-handed by them dimunds an' pearls? Bah! If ye do ye're a fool!" "I know nothing of the governor nor of how he came by the jewels of which you and Caleb Stave have robbed him. If the jewels are not his, that is his affair: but they are not yours or mine; and that is my affair. The governor may be a thief, but I am not." "Here be pride! Sacred finger bones! The pride o' a dentured slave!" "The self-respect of a gentleman." "The pride o' a full belly! Let it pass! What would ye have me do with the gover- nor's blunt?" Return it to the governor." "I'll see it in hell first, an' yerself along with it, Griffon or no Griffon! Hold to that course an' I'll sail away with the treasure an' me gran'daughter an' leave ye here to preach yer damn sermons to the crabs, so help me!" "Old man. Penny or no Penny, there are two endings to that tale! I have ad- mitted my obligations to you; but now I swear to you, by the blood of my father, that if you carry off those jewels it will be across my dead body. Make what you can of that! You'll find me hard to kill." You'll never take me away without him, not if you were fifty times my gran'- father!" cried the girl. "Me, too." said Big Tom. "Peter am my friend. If he fight, dis boy fight, too, master." Sailor Penny screamed oaths at that. He waved his clenched hands above his head. He threatened the girl with a spanking, Big Tom with a hundred lashes, Griffon with everlasting damnation for a fool. Sud- denly, speechless for want of breath, he burst into tears of rage and disappoint- ment. They looked at him in silence, em- barrassed by their pity and shame for him. He was certainly not a heroic figure, that mahoganv-faced mariner in a tantrum of futile and lachrymose hysterics. IX. Four days later, while there was still a hint of the past night's coolness in the morning air, three persons arrived from the jungled mountains at the gate of the gov- ernor's house on Fort Royal Hill. They were Peter Griffon and Big Tom and Sailor Penny's man Henry. Peter wore decent clothes, including a skirted coat and a three-cocked hat, and a hanger with brass hilt and shark-skin grip in a scabbard of black leather. But for the features and expression of his thin face, the cool superiority of his level glance-- which was the thing that had driven Caleb Stave to black rage many a time--and the carriage of his back and shoulders, he might have passed for the master of some traffick- ing bark or brig. Big Tom's costume was neither noteworthy nor elaborate -- just breeches cut and stitched up from an old sail and a floppy hat of his own weaving. The clever Henry was in his favorite dis- guise of an old mammy sweet seller, wood- en tray and all. They had come with the reluctant con- sent of Sailor Penny. The old man had worn himself into a fever with futile rage and impotent arguments against the iron of Griffon's purpose. At last he had given in. though with bitter sneers and predic- tions of disaster. What else could he do? This young fool was a Griffon of Berkshire, and the stubborn girl was a Penny, and now all his ambitions and longings were centered in these two -- his dreams and heartaches for the green downs and groves of his youth and for peace and gentility in his old age. CRAB REEF. 527 Yes, that tough and battered survivor of scores of questionable ventures, who had been half a gentleman in his youth, longed now to become wholly a gentleman by the might of wealth and the magic of the name of Griffon. Young Griffon's will had beaten him at last; and now more than half his wealth was gone for a surety, and all of it was risked, and fever boiled his blood. "I have business with the governor," said Griffon to the sentry at the gate. The sentry was quite obviously not a soldier but a seaman. He was not armed with a musket, nor with a bayonet heeled with a wooden plug to fix into the muzzle of a musket, but with a cutlass in his hand and two pistols in his belt. He gave Grif- fon a queer, questioning look. He turned his head and whistled, and was joined in a moment by two other fellows of unmis- takable salty character. "'E 'as business wi' the governor," he told them. Then all three regarded Griffon and his companions strangely. "I am here to see the governor on an important matter," announced Griffon with dignity. Another seaman joined the group, a bo'sun this with a silver call dangling from his neck on a lanyard. He had heard Grif- fon's second statement of his business. He treated Griffon and Big Tom and Henry to swift but searching glances. He pulled a forelock to Griffon, whispered a few words in the sentry's ear, then requested Griffon politely to follow him. He led the way across a narrow court, into the big house, along a narrow hall flagged with gray stone. He rapped on a tall mahogany door, opened it, bowed Grif- fon across the threshold and entered close at his heels. He closed the door behind them, but kept a hand on the knob. "A gentleman wi' important business wi' the governor, sir," he said, and there was a suggestion in both voice and manner of extraordinary significance in the statement and of lively expectation concerning the effect of it on the person addressed. The room was not large, but it was of an imposing height. Four tall windows in one wall, partially shuttered, looked out over the town and the harbor. The room was unfurnished save for a large table at which sat a gentleman of red and weath- ered visage, high-nosed, baldish, with epau- lets on the shoulders of his blue coat. The gentleman's coat was open from chin to waist, disclosing linen of the whitest and finest. On the desk lay several rolled charts or maps, many documents both open and folded, a bow-wig, a silver-hilted sword in a scabbard of varnished black leather and a number of books. The gentleman's glance was on Griffon's face. It had been there, unwavering, since the moment of the opening of the door. "Ah, with the governor," he said, and laid aside his pen and continued to regard the young man. Griffon, bowed. "Have I the honor to address the governor?" he asked. "You do not know him, then?" queried the other. "I have seen him, sir, but never close at hand. He looked shorter than yourself." "True. I am performing his duties for the time being. I am the commander of the frigate in the harbor. Colonel Harran is indisposed. You have but recently come to port, I take it." "I am from the hills. My business is private rather than official, I think; but I shall gladly dispose of it here and now, sir, with your permission." "What is the nature of your business?" "It concerns stolen property of great value." The acting governor's eyes widened. "You are either a very brave man or an impudent fool," he said. "I lack neither courage nor an easy con- science," replied Griffon. "A fortune in jewels was robbed from the governor, from this very house, by a fellow named Stave, a ship's chandler, who did business in Crab- hole Alley. Stave himself was soon after- ward robbed of it, along with his own strong box, by a worthy fellow who had been out- lawed and ruined by him many years ago. I have persuaded that worthy fellow to al- low me to return the jewels to the gover- nor." The acting governor was now on his feet, 528 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. leaning forward eagerly halfway across the littered table. "What are these jewels?" he asked. "Diamonds and pearls and rubies of astounding value." "And you are come with the intention of returning them to Colonel Harran?" "As you see, sir. To him or his deputy. To the governor." Griffon put a hand to his throat, pulled upward on a string and brought a little bag of soft yellow leather into view. He drew the loop of string over his head, stepped forward to the table and laid the bag before the acting governor. The bo'sun advanced with him, close at his elbow, and halted with him. The acting governor un- tied the mouth of the bag and shook onto the table a handful of unset diamonds and rubies and a necklace of great pearls. He stared at them. The fellow at Griffon's el- bow trembled. "And those are not all," said Griffon, producing two more little bags from a pocket of his coat, and emptying them on the table. "There is gold also, which is outside with my fellows." "Who are you?" cried the acting gov- ernor. "I am Peter Griffon, only son of the late Edward Griffon of Danes's Ride and High Hall and Griffonstun in Berkshire, knight and one time master of the horse." "Griffon of Berkshire! How come you here--and with these?" "It is a long story, sir." During the telling, the acting governor expressed sympathy and astonishment with frequent oaths; and at the conclusion he grasped the younger man's hand in both of his. He called for wine and for another chair. He wrote a proclamation which set Peter Griffon, esquire, and Richard Penny, yeoman and mariner, free of all fear of the law, and brief documents which made "free blacks" of Big Tom and Henry. "I will give you letters to his royal high- ness, which I advise you to deliver in per- son immediately upon reaching England," he said. "The reward, I promise you, will be princely. Both his majesty and his royal highness are the souls of generosity and justice." "The reward?" queried Griffon. "These are royal jewels," replied the other. "They were stolen from Windsor fully eighteen months ago and carried out of the Thames in a bark bound for Lis- bon." "How came they here?" "A king's ship chased her to the west- ward, where she fell in with another of her own kidney and was soundly drubbed and stripped to the keel. These pirates some- times prey upon one another, fortunately." "But how came they into the governor's hands?" "The late governor of this island -- I hanged him at my own yardarm, so there can be no doubt of his demise--was, I re- gret to say, a blasted pirate." "A pirate! The governor!" "It is too true. The late sovereign made a number of mistakes to the detriment of England's fair fame, both public and pri- vate; but his majesty is the soul of in- tegrity and justice. The wine is at your elbow, Master Griffon." THE END OUR CHRISTMAS NUMBER next week will be an especially attractive issue, with " The Bobcat Pauses ," the second of the Hopalong Cassidy series ; " That Keeps a Man from Harm ," a remarkable Novelette by Charles Wesley Sanders; " A Question of Ethics ," a unique study in a boy's idea of the Christmas spirit; " The Wise Man of Borneo ," another capital skit by John D. Swain ; " The Old Woofs Tale ," a corking tidbit from the advertising world told by  Robert M. Newcomb , and many good things besides. 3 A Bright Lights By  ROBERT ORR CHIPPERFIELD Author of "Above Suspicion," etc. WHAT HAS OCCURRED IN PART FANNIE GILLESPIE, a slim, blue eyed, brown haired girl, comes to the great city and eventually turns her pretty face toward the bright lights, as the sunflower to the sun, if not as the moth to the flame. Her position is that of saleslady in an exclusive shop for women's hats, really an achievement for a country lass, but in this environment she is envious of the rich clients who have diamonds and sables and motor cars. Fannie, in her pathetic rivalry, wears imitation gems and tries to approximate the extreme styles in her cheap clothing. A guest in the boarding house, Henry Jordan, a filing cabinet salesman, is devoted to her, but she becomes indifferent to him when she learns that he does not care for frivolous things and that his hope is to save money to marry her. Fannie cannot endure the thought of domesticity; this is her play lime of Youth. Jordan discloses in a conversation with another boarder that he is in sympathy with any man who slays the woman who has destroyed his high ideals. Meanwhile, Fannie Gillespie keeps late hours at dances and her escorts are of a swift type--a racing car driver, a beach amusement concessionaire, et cetera. She reveals, moreover, that she is in secret fear of some pursuer, and this hint causes the police to suspect murder, and not suicide, when the laughter loving girl is found dead in her room. CHAPTER V. "WHY SOME MEN KILL." MID-MORNING brought compara- tive quietude to the shocked house- hold, for with the removal of Fan- nie Gillespie's body the crowd outside had gradually disintegrated and only a few loiterers remained to hover at a respectful distance from the two officers who still guarded the door. Within, the lower floor was for the time being deserted, although the echo of a fu- tile debate between Agnes and Caroline came up from the kitchen. There had been no need for the detective to enjoin silence This story began in the Argosy-Allstory Weekly for December 8. 4 A 529 530 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. upon Mrs. Horton, the landlady; after their interview she had gone directly to her room utterly overwhelmed by the added horror of his implied suggestion. In Henry Jor- dan's large, pleasant bedchamber beside hers, the young man himself, Simeon Bar- ley, and the new boarder, Edgar North, talked together in low, subdued tones. Mrs. Moffat was pacing the floor of her own room at the front, and above Myrtle Harris tossed in the troubled sleep super- induced by Dr. Vaughn's opiate. The door of the hall closet on the top floor stood wide, a pale square of light streaming down into it from the opened trapdoor, and on the roof the detective, Stevenson, was down upon hands and knees in the soot and grime, minutely studying the blurred outline which showed here and there in the thick covering of dust and cinders. Parallel lines of slender, none too clean rope stretched from pole to pole across the rooftop, except in one space where newly cut ends hung in loops from opposite up- rights, and clothespins were scattered here and there. A package hastily wrapped in a news- paper lay beside Stevenson, and he sat back on his heels, taking from it a large and exceedingly battered shoe with frayed, dangling strings. This he proceeded to iit over the prints he had been examining in the dust, and then, shaking his head, he rewrapped the dilapidated footgear and, rising, approached one of the posts from which depended a length of the severed clothesline. Detaching it, he coiled it tight- ly and placed it in the package with the shoe, then crossed to the trapdoor and de- scended, closing it carefully after him. In the big back bedroom on the second floor Simeon Darley, fully clothed now, even to the tie of gorgeous hue which flowed be- neath the lowest fold of his chin, sat de- jectedly on the side of the bed, his hands nervously twisting the coverlet and his dull eyes staring at the floor as though to fix forever in his mind the faded, commonplace pattern of the rug. Henry Jordan moved restlessly about, rumpling his curly, red- dish brown hair now and then with an im- patient gesture, his haggard face boyish no longer, but stamped with lines of maturity and suffering, while from his position by the window Edgar North glanced in a sym- pathetic but diffident manner from one to the other of them. A little silence had fallen, but as he halt- ed Henry Jordan broke it. "I'm going to find out!" He struck one hand into the cupped palm of the other. "I'm going to find out what made .her do it, and who it was brought on her whatever trouble she was in! It wasn't any fault of hers-- You didn't know her, North, but Simmy can tell you that it would be as far from her to do anything dishonest she'd be afraid to have found out as it would be to lose her head over some hopeless, romantic affair. She just lived for excitement, and the bright lights fascinated her, blinded her to everything else. She's got a brother somewhere, but nobody else, and as a friend I mean to get at the truth and make some- body pay!" "I was a friend of hers, too," Simeon re- minded him, shaking his head dolefully. "I was willing to be more than that when I saw that you--well, that you and she weren't going to hit it off after all--but she would never have married an old fellow like me, and I stopped making more of a fool of myself than I was born to be. There's nothing I wouldn't have done for her, though, and nothing I won't do now; but I can't see why she did such a thing! "Of course she didn't do anything dis- honest, Henry, and as for being in love-- I don't believe it could ever hit her hard enough to make her feel that life wasn't worth living. As you say, the bright lights were all that counted. "You met her at dinner last night, Mr. North--God, it doesn't seem possible what's happened since!--and you saw how gay and high spirited she was. Would you have thought she had it in her mind to kill her- self before morning?" North shook his head gravely. "No, suh, assuredly not. As Mr. Jordan says, I didn't know her, but the young lady appeared to be most happy and full of life. She must, of co'se, have been in some sor- row or misery, but she certainly kept it to herself right bravely." BRIGHT LIGHTS. 531 "Well, it isn't any good for us to keep milling it over and over." Simeon rose wearily, the jauntiness of yesterday lost in a profound depression that made his dash- ing attire seem all the more incongruous, although his figure seemed pathetic now rather than droll. "I just want you to know, Henry, that I'm with you in what- ever you're going to do to find out if any one drove that poor child to her death. We owe it to her, and as you say, she has no- body else. I'll go crazy if I don't stop thinking about it, and I've got to get down to the office somehow later. I'm going to see if that detective fellow has gone." When the door closed behind him, Ed- gar North stepped forward. "I'm a stranger to you-all, but I would like to help, too, if there is anything I can do," he offered. "The young lady was your friend, and I only met her once, but down where I come from a woman--especially alone and making her own way--is a kind of charge for every man to be of service to. There is nothing anybody can do for Miss Gillespie now except to reckon with whoever caused her to suffer, just as men- folks kin to her would do, and I hope you- all will count me in, like any neighbor." "That's good of you, North!" Henry exclaimed as he met the other's resolute glance. "Of course, if her brother comes forward to look after the situation, it won't be up to any of us, and I have an idea he's the sort of fellow who would rather let the whole thing drop and be forgotten than lift a finger to stir up gossip in his home town. Still, I'll never rest until I know just what happened last night." Stevenson had not descended from the top floor, but, leaving his package beside the closet door, he pushed open the one which swung on yawning hinges. The little room was flooded with light now, for the shade had been pulled up at the single win- dow and a veering streak of sunshine played over the clean, neatly mended rug to the foot of the tall, narrow, tumbled bed. Its two snowy pillows were piled one on top of the other and still hollowed in the center where a restless head had lain upon them, and the coverlet and bedding were flung back, trailing over the square, shining brass footboard. A faded pink cotton kimono lay over a chair from beneath which a pair of rose colored boudoir slippers peeped, with one rosette gone; a box of chocolates was upset on the floor, and a small, crumpled handkerchief had been dropped near by, but there was no other sign of disorder in the room, save the second chair, overturned. A white celluloid toilet set, flanked by bottles of perfume and jars and boxes of cosmetics, was spread on the bureau top, and a row of high heeled shoes and slippers, for the most part gay hued and paper soled, were ranged along a low shelf. From the bracket of the single gas burner above it lengths of ribbon dangled. The room contained in addition only a washstand and a small trunk placed just under the window, but the half open door of the closet revealed close packed gowns of butterfly coloring varied by sober black. The detective's keen, darting glance took in every detail, although he had already giv- en the room a cursory examination, and now he stepped once more to the window and drew aside the curtain of dotted swiss. The fire escape reached up to the floor below, and a sheer four stories down the cleanly swept square of the cement yard showed like a white patch crossed with the straight, threadlike shadows of the clotheslines stretching from fence to fence. The yards on either side were littered and unkempt, but that directly in the rear sported a grass plot with a few struggling bushes putting forth bedraggled buds, and from each win- dow sill, with its box of sturdy geraniums, trailing vines descended. That must be a private residence, Ste- venson concluded, one of the few remaining in that section only a stone's throw from Broadway which had formerly housed some of the city's most conservative families. Could any one within it have looked from their rear windows on the previous night and seen something which might give him a clew to this problem which to his vision seemed growing more and more complex? He turned away at last and approached the bureau, opening one drawer after an- other, to discover in the topmost a confu- sion of gloves, handkerchiefs, more ribbons, 532 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. and a dozen dainty accessories to feminine attire, while below cheap, lacy underwear and sleazy silk stockings were all that met his gaze. Nowhere did there appear to be a scrap of paper bearing even an address, much less the picture post cards and notes which girls of Fannie Gillespie's type usual- ly treasured. Their absence was in itself significant, and he tried the hatboxes on the shelf in the closet. One contained scraps of lace and ribbon, and another unmended stock- ings and lingerie, but the rest held only the collection of millinery for which they had been originally intended. The drawer of the washstand yielded a bottle of ink, pens and a box of lavender tinted note paper, but not a line had been written upon it, and he turned his attention to the trunk. It was locked, but in a leather vanity case which hung beside the mirror the de- tective found the key. The top tray was evidently a repository for still more finery, but past its usefulness, and Stevenson lift- ed it out, placing it across the bed. The bottom of the trunk was littered with the very souvenirs which he had been seeking-- snapshots and group photographs of the sort procurable at the various resorts and amusement parks, ribbons from candy boxes and bunches of violets, menus and paper favors from many restaurants along the Rialto, and a collection of horns, rattlers and other noise producing toys which attest- ed to the girl's presence at frequent carni- vals and holiday festivities. In all of the photographs Fannie Gilles- pie herself was prominently'- featured, some- times with a taller, dark, laughing girl in company with several youths, but more fre- quently alone with just one young man, and not the same young man except in three in- stances. The detective rapidly sorted them out. In three of the pictures her fellow boarder, Henry Jordan, was posed with her; in half a dozen her companion was a man slightly older, loose limbed and yet with the unconscious poise of an athlete. His nose was aquiline, his lips firm and jaw promi- nent, and a long lock of dark hair strayed carelessly down over his forehead. The individual who appeared more nu- merously than either of the other two with Fannie Gillespie in her gallery was in strik- ing contrast to them. Slender, blond, and almost effeminately dapper, his clothes were obviously custom made, and he wore them with the studied effect of one habituated to self-exploitation. The smug countenance with its small, close clipped mustache and cleft chin was familiar to Stevenson, and he placed him at once as Jack Rogers, a motion picture actor, whom he had seen more than once on the screen. To the various young men in the other photographs he gave only a passing glance, yet tied them all up together with a bit of violet ribbon and, placing them at one side, continued his search. He had not, so far, found a scrap of writing, but in a corner of the trunk he came at last upon a five pound candy box filled to the brim with letters. Taking it out, he dropped the trunk lid and seated himself upon it. The letters were for the most part mere scraps of notes making or breaking engagements and signed only with first names. They were undated, but the postmarks supplied that deficiency and showed that they were the collection of nearly a year back. Several in purple ink on violet note paper bore the name "Eileen," a dozen or more in a large masculine hand with underlines and broad flourishes were signed "Jack," and condescendingly affectionate in tone, addressing the recipient as "Girlykins," or "Little Girl," but they were nearly all half jocular excuses for forgotten or ignored en- gagements. Eight or ten notes, however, in a plain heavy writing with deep down strokes were in quite a different tenor. Be- ginning invariably "Dear Fan," they re- proached her for missed appointments, cold- ness and unkindness, hinting at flirtations and fickleness on her part and pleading humbly for her favor. Later ones, as indicated by the post- marks, were more hurt and resentful in tone --as if the writer's patient devotion were tried beyond endurance--and the final one, mailed some six months before, was an im- passioned if ungrammatical farewell. They were signed "Frank." There were "Joes," and "Dicks," a "Bert," a "Fred," and numerous other BRIGHT LIGHTS. 533 masculine names attached to various epis- tles, but they appeared to be from mere admiring acquaintances and of little mo- ment, and the box was almost empty. None of them had been postmarked "Bison," nor could they by any stretch of the im- agination have been written by a brother, and none contained the least reference which would give a clew to the previous night's tragedy. At the very bottom of the box, how- ever, were several notes of a few lines each, without envelopes and folded into small triangles. They were written in pen- cil and half of them were unsigned, but at sight of the name attached to the rest the detective frowned thoughtfully and gave himself with complete absorption to their perusal. The noon whistles blew, and a renewed stir and bustle throughout the house indi- cated that the normal routine was being resumed in spite of the tragedy. Mrs. Hor- ton, her eyes still red and a look of shrink- ing terror stamped upon her face, ordered the day's supplies over the telephone in- stead of venturing to market; Agnes was straightening such of the rooms as she could gain admittance to; and Mrs. Moffat was assisting Myrtle Harris to dress in the event that the detective would release her to go to her work at the motion picture house. In the drawing-room with the embargo on tobacco lifted for once, Simeon Darley and the young Southerner had foregathered again, but Henry Jordan still kept to his room, pacing back and forth as though in- action were a torture. The presence of his two fellow boarders had been a trial, but he found their absence insupportable, and turned with relief when a knock sounded upon his door. It was the detective, Stevenson. "You wanted to see me?" There was a note of surprise in his voice, but he added quickly: "Oh, yes! I was the first to enter the room behind the policeman after he broke down the door. We didn't touch the --the body. It wasn't necessary: anybody could have seen even in the darkness that it was too late. Come in, won't you?" Stevenson entered, closing the door, but he did not appear to see the chair which the young man indicated. Instead, he ad- vanced to the center table, standing with his back to the light so that his face was in shadow. "You knew Fannie Gillespie pretty well, didn't you?" There was in his manner now none of the confidential, sympathetic note he had used in his interview with the land- lady. "Ever meet her before she came here to board?" Henry shook his head. "No." "How long was it after you first met her that you and she became engaged?" "We never were." Henry started slight- ly and his face flushed. "I admired Miss Gillespie a lot--" "It won't do!" the detective interrupted shortly. "You were in love with the girl." "Yes, I was--or at least I thought so. It amounts to the same thing, I suppose." Henry straightened, throwing back his shoulders, and eyed the other steadily. "Miss Gillespie didn't care for me, how- ever, and there was an end to it. I don't see how that matters now, or what it's got to do with your investigation." "Don't you?" Stevenson came a step forward and rested his knuckles on the table. "There was an understanding be- tween you two, wasn't there?" "Not a definite one." "Definite enough for you to take it pret- ty hard when she threw you over!" A slow smile grew on the detective's face. !l Why did she, Jordan? What was the row about?" "Miss Gillespie didn't 'throw me over,' as you call it!" Henry retorted hotly. "I've told you that I admired her and thought for a time that I was in love with her; perhaps I was, but I don't see what business it is of the authorities. Miss Gil- lespie did not care enough about me to marry me, and told me so, but there wasn't any 'row.'" How long was it after she came here that you began going around with her?" "Oh, several months. She was so popu- lar and had so many friends that I never thought there would be a chance for me, and I was taken up with my work. It was 534 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. late in the summer after she came back from her vacation that I asked her to go to a band concert with me in the park, and from then on--" He paused, and Stevenson finished for him. "From then on you were sweethearts. Even if she didn't care enough about you to marry you, she let you think she did. It was all fixed in your mind at least, was it not?" "I had misunderstood Miss Gillespie's attitude toward me," responded Henry stiffly. "It was not her fault, and the mat- ter was ended some time ago. I don't wish to discuss it." "'Fraid you'll have to, young man!" There was a sterner note in the detective's tone. "You and the girl exchanged notes that didn't go through the mail. What did you do--slip them under her door?" "No." Henry was plainly taken aback. "We put them in the big vase that stands in the wall niche at the turn of the stairs just outside here, on this floor. It all began only in fun, and we didn't do it regu- larly--" He stopped, for Stevenson had taken a handful of the little triangular folded notes from his pocket and was slowly opening them. He showed one of the unsigned ones. "Is this your writing?" Henry nodded. "Yes. You'll find my name on some of them, if Miss Gillespie kept them all. What of it? Surely you don't imagine that what was to her merely a--a flirtation--has any- thing to do with what happened last night!" "Do you recall the occasion when you wrote this?" Stevenson had been running through the notes, ignoring his protest, and now he read aloud: "'Dear Fannie: I've been thinking over what you said, and I don't see my way clear to taking you to that masquerade. Dear, I'm sorry, but you know my circumstances and what I'm working for. Since Christmas we've spent all that I saved in the six months before, and I must call a halt some time. Be my own girl and come with me to the skating rink instead; we'll drop in afterward for a dance and some ice cream anywhere you say. Don't be angry, sweetheart; we can't go on this way. Henry.'" "I remember that, all right. It was just before St. Valentine's Day, and Miss Gil- lespie wanted to go to a masquerade where the tickets alone would have been more than I could afford," Henry responded a trifle grimly. "She went, though?" the detective sug- gested. "With some one else. That was the be- ginning of the break between us, but we stayed good friends. I couldn't give her what she had to have and we both realized it." "Good friends, eh? How about this? 'You can't mean it! I won't give you up! I had rather see you dead before me than belonging to somebody else, and you can't play with me as you have with the others! You have driven me half crazy, Fannie, I love you so!'" "For God's sake, what's the good of going over all that?" Henry groaned. "Haven't I told you that I was wild about her and I made a fool of myself? Don't you think it's bad enough for me to re- member now without hearing my own words! I'm not the only fellow that's been hard hit in his life, but it's all over and done with now!" "All over, last night!" Stevenson assent- ed coolly. "You'd rather have seen her dead and you've had your wish!" "What do you mean?" Henry demanded hoarsely. "What did you mean when you wrote this?" the detective countered. "'I un- derstand you at last! I wouldn't let my- self believe it before. I can see now why some men kill and think the price well paid to rid the world of some one better out of it! You never cared, you don't know what it is, and when I look back and think what a fool I was and all that I hoped and planned with you just laughing at me I feel like killing somebody myself! I warn you, you have driven me mad!' That's pretty plain, Jordan, but I guess we'd like to know about it a little more definitely. You ad- mit you wrote this, the handwriting is yours, you were in love with the girl and she turned you down. You threatened her--" BRIGHT LIGHTS. 535 "Stop right there!" Henry exclaimed in a low voice. "Are you accusing me of-- murder? Her--her body was found with the door locked on the inside! I was wild with jealousy and disappointment when I wrote that, but it meant nothing! You don't think that I could have had anything to do with her death? It's monstrous!" "The door was locked from the inside, but the window was open and there are marks on the sill." Stevenson returned sig- nificantly. "The rope that hung her was strong enough to bear the weight of a man also if it was let down from the roof where it was cut from a clothesline. I guess you'd better come down town with me, Jordan, and explain about those letters to the chief!" CHAPTER VI. LOCKWOOD STERETT'S OPINION. "I'LL never believe it, never!" Mrs. Hor- y ton plumped down in the rocker in Mrs. Moffat's room, her lips com- pressed in a straight line and her mild eyes blazing. "When that smart Aleck of a detective first talked to me yesterday he hinted that--that it wasn't poor Fannie's own hands fastened that rope around her neck, but I was so overcome I didn't guess what he was getting at. I'd like to've died when he took Henry away, and why that boy won't clear himself--" "What did he say to you this morning when you went down to see him?" Mrs. Moffat asked. "He wouldn't even see me." The land- lady shook her head mournfully. "I gave a piece of my mind to that detective, though, when he came again! It's terrible enough to have that poor, dear child dead, to say nothing of her killing herself, with- out Henry being accused of murdering her! I don't wonder he's so broke up he don't know what to do, seeing as he used to be crazy about her! I declare I think the police must be downright fools, holding him like this when they know they'll only have to let him go!" Mrs. Moffat pursed her lips reflectively. "Has he a lawyer?" "Yes. The firm he works for sent him a big one--Lockwood Sterett, of Sterett, Hecksher and Mullanafey. They defended that girl last year who was accused of shoot- ing her brother-in-law right in the lobby of the Odeon Theater and the jury acquitted her without leaving their seats. I under- stand Henry was hardly' willing to see him. I can't make out what's got into that boy!" "I remember reading about that case. It looks pretty serious, doesn't it, if it's going to take a lawyer as celebrated as that to get young Mr. Jordan out of this trouble?" Mrs. Moffat observed. "The police may be making out a stronger case against him than we have any idea of." "Oh, it's only that the firm want him to have the best," Mrs. Horton replied easily. "They think a lot of Henry, you know. He went right into the factory and learned all about the steel construction of that furni- ture from the ground up; that's why he can sell it so well, and I shouldn't wonder if he made his everlasting fortune with that lock he's inventing! I must say it's a dreadful thing to bring such a charge as this against a fine young man like Henry% but he ain't the weak kind to let it hurt his whole future and he'll never in the world be held for trial. They couldn't!" "He must have been in his room all night before last." Mrs. Moffat spoke as if to herself. "Did he go out earlier in the eve- ning? It's funny I didn't hear him come in when his room is just back of this and I'm a light sleeper." "I heard him," the landlady affirmed. "I wouldn't give that Stevenson the satis- faction of telling him, but it was nearly midnight and he walked the floor for the longest time afterward; I had half a mind to get up and ask him if he was sick or anything, for he ain't usually restless like that. There's the bell. Do you suppose it's that dratted detective again?" She arose, patting her gray hair nervous- ly and smoothing her voluminous black skirt, and after a brief interval Agnes's slip-shod feet could be heard scuttling up the stairs. "Mis' Horton!" Her watery eyes were staring and her breath caught in her throat. 536 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. "Who d'you think's down in the parlor? A man who calls himself 'Gillespie'--Mr. William Gillespie!" "Lord A'mighty!" Mrs. Horton gasped. "Poor Fannie's brother! Whatever in the world am I to say to him?" She bustled out and down the stairs to find a young man standing by the window in the parlor. He turned as she entered and came slowly forward, a tall, awkward young man in an ill fitting suit of gray with a wide new mourning band sewed crookedly on one sleeve, and a made-up black tie about a collar a size too big, through the wings of which his Adam's ap- ple moved up and down convulsively. His prominent eyes were a paler blue than Fannie's, his features sharper and the hair slicked down flatly over his low fore- head was a dull mouse color, nevertheless, there was a slight, indefinable resemblance which made the landlady's eyes blur and she impulsively held out both hands. "Mr. Gillespie, I was just saying that I don't know what I'm going to say to you nor how I can let you know what I feel! You're a relation of Fannie?" "I'm her brother." His nasal voice was flat and unemotional and he shook one of her hands listlessly. "Feller from New York police came up to Bison last night and told me what had happened to her, and my wife thought I'd better get down here myself and see what was to be done. I ain't heard from Fannie in a long time. She didn't leave any word for me, did she?" Mrs. Horton shook her head. "No, but she--she often talked about you to me, Mr. Gillespie." In her desire to comfort him she good heartedly stretched a point, yet she felt vaguely with a repelled sense of frustration that this long faced, solemn young man was not in any pressing need of it. "You're the only relation she had in the world, ain't you?" "Yes, but we weren't much alike. I'm steady going, but she was all for gay doings. I don't know's I ever expected to hear from her again and this--this is an awful shock! My wife's on the School Board and quite a worker in our church and it's going to make it pretty hard for her if there's a lot of scandal. We were set against Fannie coming to the city from the first and did everything we could to stop her, but she was possessed to get here ever since she was a little thing, and this is what's come of it! "I've got a first class shoe store, and she could have clerked it for me or kept the books, but it didn't satisfy her; she had to have New York life. Well, she got it! I shouldn't wonder if I had to shut up store for a while and take my wife away, and it's right in my busy season!" Mrs. Horton's face flushed and her eyes snapped. "I guess poor Fannie's suffered more'n anybody else will!" she remarked. "What did the man that went up to find you tell you about her?" "That she'd hung herself!" A dull flush had mounted, too, in his sharp face and his jaw set. "I don't know any more and I don't want to. She had a good home to come back to if she was so minded and we'd always have looked out for her no matter what kind of a muss she got herself into. There wasn't any call for her to do what she did, though my wife always said noth- ing but harm would come of her leaving us like that." "Fannie was as good and sweet a girl as ever I had in my house!" Mrs. Horton declared indignantly. "There wasn't any harm come to her till--till the night before last, and Heaven only knows what that was! They told you she--she'd killed her- self, but they ain't so sure. They didn't tell you that they've arrested one of my boarders on suspicion of knowing something about her death?" William Gillespie shook his head, his slow mind evidently taking in with difficulty the portent of her words. Then his flush reced- ed and his jaw sagged. "Murder!" he mumbled thickly. "You mean they think somebody murdered her? This boarder of yours--what makes them--" "Because he wanted to marry her, but I guess she must have thrown him over. Not that there's a single thing against him; the police are only trying to make it out worse than it is, though goodness knows it's ter- rible enough, Mr. Gillespie! Henry Jor- BRIGHT LIGHTS. 537 dan is a splendid young man. and he'd never have harmed a hair of your sister's head, no matter what they say!" Gillespie seemed scarcely to have heard. His bony, large knuckled hands were open- ing and closing with a tenseness which made them tremble and a cold, glittering light had dawned in his pale eyes. "If it was that!" Cords stood out in his throat and his Adam's apple bobbed more convulsively than ever. "If Fan didn't do it after all--if somebody killed her--I'm glad I come!" "Nobody knows whether they did or not, but it wasn't Henry Jordan!" Mrs. Horton reiterated hastily. "Don't you believe that for a minute, Mr. Gillespie! Fannie hadn't any reason in the world that any of us can think of to kill herself, but it seems more impossible still that anybody else could have done it, even if they had cause, which they hadn't. Folks can't be got up out of their beds with the gas on bright and-- and hung, without struggling or making some kind of an outcry that could have been heard, for though Fannie was the only one sleeping on that floor the rooms just below was all occupied, and she'd locked her door from the inside." "The police ought to know what they're doing." Gillespie's thin lips tightened. "I guess I'll get on down to their headquarters and see what they can tell me. I suppose it'll cost a sight of money to prove any- thing, but the State'll likely pay it, and as long as there's bound to be scandal it might as well be proved that Fan didiv't fly in the face of Providence and kill herself. We'll be able to hold up our heads, any- way !" "I s'pose" --Mrs. Horton's own lips curled-- "I s'pose if somebody--not Henry --did murder Fannie you'd just as lief see 'em punished for it even if it did make a little more talk?" "I calculate the law'll take its course, ma'am." He turned toward the door, but paused on the threshold. "We're peace'ble, law-abiding folks up my way and I don't aim to go against the police; if they say it was murder they'll take care of who did it, and if it turns out that Fannie killed her- self we'll just bury her right and try to live it down. It won't bring Fan back to get in more scandal than we be in a'ready. "I'm stopping at the Witlow Hotel if you should want to reach me, but I'll be much obliged if you won't let on to any of the fellers that write pieces for the papers; my wife wouldn't want me to say anything. I'll make all the arrangements for the fu- neral as soon as the police'll give me leave." "And your sister's things?" Mrs. Horton asked in a repressed tone. "The police are holding 'em now, but do you want I should send 'em to you?" "Yes! 'Maple Street, Bison,' is the ad- dress; I guess likely my wife can find some use for them," he returned promptly, then hesitated. "You don't know if there was any wages coming to her where she worked, do you?" "No, I don't!" the disgusted landlady snapped. "I guess maybe you can find out if you try, though." "I calculate I can." Gillespie nodded, unmoved. "Did she owe for board or any- thing else that you know of, Mrs. Horton? I don't aim for her to have any debts left behind her, though she was always awful extravagant." "Fannie didn't owe me anything and I ain't heard of her getting in debt," she re- plied with a final effort at self-restraint. "I guess the funeral will be about the only expense you'll be put to, Mr. Gillespie, and if you feel that it's too much for you I'll be glad to pay it myself, as I told the police. Seems to me it's little enough to do for her!" "I'm obliged to you, ma'am, but it won't cost much." He was impervious to the shaft. "Good day to you." Mrs. Horton did not trust herself to re- ply to the salutation except by the merest of nods, and when the front door had closed behind him she started for the stairs, but encountered Simeon Darley in the hall. "Did you hear him?" she demanded. "That was Fannie's own brother and all he cared about was to know if there was any money due her at the store! Do you wonder she got away from home quick's ever she saved up carfare?" Simeon nodded gravely. 588 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. "I thought he'd be like that if he showed up at all. Little Fannie wouldn't have dropped her relations if they hadn't been pretty mean to her. I can't get over the shock about Henry, though! Why, just a little before they took him away he told me and that new young fellow, North, that he wouldn't rest until he found out why she'd killed herself! That doesn't look as if he could have had a suspicion it wasn't suicide, let alone that he--he knew anything, unless he's a lot deeper than we ever thought." "Why, how you talk, Mr. Darley!" Mrs. Horton exclaimed in amazed reproach. "Surely you don't believe--" "I don't know what to think!" He shook his head. "I'd never have believed it of Henry myself, but the police don't usually risk making mistakes and there's no telling what they know. "He's the quiet kind you can't always make out and he did seem to take Fannie's turndown mighty cool considering how crazy he was about her; it seemed kind of funny to me, now that I remember. It don't seem possible, knowing the boy as we do, that he could have been planning such a fearful thing, but how are we to judge what was going on in his mind?" "Well, I can, still having what gumption I was born with!" Mrs. Horton declared loyally. "As to the police not making mis- takes-- There goes the door bell again. If it's that Gillespie man back I don't know's I'll be responsible for what I may say to him!" But it was not William Gillespie. The gentleman who entered when Agnes opened the door was middle-aged and urbane, with large lensed glasses astride his aristocratic nose, straight, smooth shaven lips and a clean cut fighting jaw. The tones in which he announced his name and errand were low, but they carried to the ears of Mrs. Horton and her boarder, who had discreetly retreat- ed under the slope of the stairs, and the landlady waddled quickly forward. "Mr. Sterett? I'm Mis' Horton, and I must say I'm glad to see you! Come right in the parlor; I heard Henry Jordan's firm had got you to look out for him in this trouble, and if there's anything I can tell you I'll be very pleased." "Thank you." The attorney bowed, and placing his hat on the table, took the seat to which she motioned after closing the door and dropping into her own chair. "I find that my client is too disturbed in mind at present to confer with me at any length, and there are some details you can readily give me." "Go right ahead and ask me what you like!" Mrs. Horton folded her hands. "I want to say first off, though, that I know Henry didn't have a thing in the world to do with poor Fannie Gillespie's death! I haven't had a minute's doubt of him, and I ain't going to, no matter what the police try to saddle him with!" "That is gratifying to hear, Mrs. Hor- ton, but I may say I had no misgivings as to your attitude." Lockwood Sterett smiled genially. "We understand each other perfectly, I think, and you realize you will only be helping Mr. Jordan by giving me your confidence. You have had a great deal of experience with young people?" "If twenty years boarding them and kind of watching over them means any- thing, I should say I had!" Mrs. Horton responded with emphasis. "I like to have 'em 'round me, and they know it, and usu- ally they get to coming to me with their troubles. No harm ever come to any of 'em under my roof until the other night!" "I'm sure of that. My client tells me that at one time he was strongly attached to the unfortunate young girl who is dead; can you tell me how serious, in your esti- mation, that attachment was?" He eyed her inquiringly, and Mrs. Hor- ton's glance fell. "'Bout as serious as it could be, I guess, for Henry's real serious in everything, and I never knew him to bother with any other girl. It come on him slow, for Fannie'd been here several months before he began to pay her attention, but though he got it real bad, he didn't lose his head. "It's my opinion he realized she wasn't the girl for him at the same time she made up her mind he couldn't give her the kind of good times and expensive parties she wanted, and he was sensible and strong enough not to let it get the best of him. There's no denying he cared, though." BRIGHT LIGHTS. 539 "I see," the attorney said slowly. "There were others, no doubt, who were waiting to give Fannie Gillespie these good times?" "Plenty. She was pretty as a picture, and full of life and innocent fun; she had a lot of gentlemen friends who could spend more'n Henry. Not that Fannie was what they call a gold-digger, but she was crazy about the bright lights, and she just never thought what things cost, and with auto racers and motion-picture fellows and men like them it seems to be easy come and easy go--" "Actors, do you mean--and race driv- ers?" Sterett interrupted. "Who were they? Did you know them?" Mrs. Horton gave their names to the at- torney, and added: "I don't think Fannie cared for any- body; at least, she never would have killed herself over any man living! That's what makes it all the more mysterious, for she must have done it herself!" "Then there was undoubtedly some rea- son for it, and we'll have to find that rea- son," the attorney remarked quickly. "That will be the first step in refuting the circumstantial evidence brought against my client, for we cannot establish a corrobo- rated alibi for that night. Mr. Jordan has already informed the authorities that after dining he went out alone and walked for several hours, encountering no one he knew, and that on his return he let himself in with his key and went directly to his room with- out seeing any other member of the house- hold." "His room's right next mine, and I heard him come in, if that'll help any!" Mrs. Horton declared eagerly. "He didn't leave it again, either, at least not until I fell asleep, and that must have been a good hour. It was twelve or a little before when he got home." "I'm afraid that will have little value." Sterett shook his head. "The autopsy has shown that the young woman came to her death some six or seven hours before the body was found, presumably between one and three in the morning. You say that in your opinion she would never have killed herself because of a love affair; can you suggest any possible motive for her sui- cide?" "No, I can't, and the whole thing's just about driving me crazy!" Mrs. Horton avowed. "There wasn't any reason, but neither was there for anybody to murder her! They can't ever fasten it on Henry, though, that's one comfort! How soon do you suppose they'll let him go, Mr. Ster- ett?" "When twelve men on a jury decide that he is not guilty, Mrs. Horton," replied Ster- ett very gravely. "That they must so de- cide is a foregone conclusion, but we must not underestimate the strength of the case against him. Henry Jordan, unless further and contradictory evidence comes to light, will inevitably be indicted and brought to trial." CHAPTER VII. NEW LIGHT. THE attorney's prediction was verified. At General Sessions Henry Jordan was indicted and held for the grand jury on a charge of murder in the first de- gree. Much to Mrs. Horton's indignation, bail was denied him, and as he steadfastly refused to see any one but his attorney, she was forced to send her messages of cheer through that obliging gentleman. Fannie Gillespie's body had been taken to her former home, and her brother came no more to the boarding house after her pitiful finery and trinkets were packed and shipped. Mrs. Moffat completed her buy- ing and returned to Ohio, Simeon Darley with a wondrous array of sport clothes de- parted upon his vacation, and the long, hot summer days passed in a brooding sus- pense. Edgar North, the bond salesman from New Orleans, had slipped quietly into the life of the household, and proved to be a young man of regular if somewhat solitary habits and unfailing courtesy, but he main- tained a reserve which Myrtle Harris's broadest hints for entertainment failed to penetrate, and she gave him up in disgust. Late in June a new boarder made her appearance--a tall, slim, quiet-voiced girl 540 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. with smooth, nut-brown hair, delicate fea- tures and deep, serious violet-blue eyes. She was one of several under-secretaries to a prominent banker, and Mrs. Horton was elated at her advent, but installed her with secret misgivings in the large front room on the top floor. No one had climbed that last flight of stairs since the tragedy except Agnes, on dreaded cleaning days, and she never passed that closed door at the rear without feeling the scant hair rise on her head and goose flesh stand out upon her lean, wiry arms. Caroline, the cook, had flatly refused to avail herself further of the roof for clothes drying purposes, vouch- safing an occult reason in addition to its grim memories. "Debils or ghose's, 'twarn't nothin' hu- man done put dat rope 'roun' po' Miss Fan's neck dat night, ca'se huccome dey, steal mah shoe outen de back yard?" she demanded. "Sot 'em out dere evenin' be- fo', I did, an' w'en I done look l'o' 'em atter de tribulation o' de murder, one o' 'em was gone! Dey done dat to wuk some spell on me, and I ain't gwine nowheres near dat air roof, not agin!" Mrs. Horton felt constrained to warn Myrtle Harris not to reveal to the new- comer the details of Fannie Gillespie's death if she had not read them in the papers, but the precaution was needless, for Marion Gray herself broached the subject when they were sitting on the steps of the high stoop one warm evening after dinner. "It was very sad about the poor girl who died here last month, Mrs. Horton." Her tone was filled with a hesitating sympathy. It must have been a terrible shock to you all." "Shock is no name for it!" Mrs. Horton responded, feeling a sense of relief that this latest boarder knew, alter all. Simmy Dar- lev would be home soon from his vacation, and no amount of warning could stop his garrulous tongue. "I thought I should never get over it, Miss Gray, especially with what's before us when court opens again; but I guess you can stand most things if you gotta. I never had a nicer girl in my house than poor Fannie, and the whole dreadful thing is a mystery to me! Mr. North met her--he come just the night before it happened--and he can tell you she didn't act like the thought of death had ever entered her mind." "No. Miss Gillespie seemed ve'y happy and lighthearted." Thus appealed to, Ed- gar North replied in his slow, musical drawl. "She impressed me as being a most charming young lady, but of co'se I was in no position to judge her feelings. I am not familiar with the ways of no'them co'te procedure, but I cannot help thinking there may be room fo' doubt of the wisdom shown in the co'se taken." "You mean about arresting Henry?" Mrs. Horton came to the point bluntly. "There wasn't any wisdom about it; it was the most awful piece of--" She paused, for Edgar North had risen and stepped aside as a dark, pretty girl hesitated for a moment and then came up the steps in a little rush, with a soft swish of her silk skirt. "Why, Miss Gaffney--" "Mrs. Horton, can I see you for a few minutes? I thought perhaps you might not remember me, but--" "Of course I do! You were poor Fan- nie's friend, that worked with her at Louis- ette's!" Mrs. Horton exclaimed as the girl halted. "You used to come here to see her, and I looked for you at the funeral in the undertaking parlors." "I couldn't go!" Miss Gaffney respond- ed in a low, shuddering tone, darting an uneasy, confused glance at the other two from her bold, heavy-lashed eyes. "I've been wanting to talk to you, though, for ever so long, but I couldn't make up my mind." "Come right in the parlor!" Mrs. Hor- ton rose and led the way. "I'm awful glad you come! Did that brother of Fannie's show up at the store?" "Yes. Wasn't he awful? You'd never think he and Fannie-- But that isn't what I came to see you about." The girl eyed the open window cautiously as she seated herself on the edge of a chair. "Mrs. Hor- ton, will you promise never to say a word if I tell you something? The police de- tectives have been coming to the store, and then the lawyer for that fellow who's been accused, and Louisette is wild! She BRIGHT LIGHTS. 541 needn't be, for the publicity didn't hurt her with the trade that buys the most, only the old, conservative crowd who fuss about a forty-dollar uncurled ostrich as if it was a hundred-and-fifty bird of paradise; but she likes their cars in the line in front of the door, and if anybody else comes asking for me on account of me being such friends with Fannie, I'm afraid I'll lose my posi- tion. All the same, there's something on my mind that I've got to tell, and I don't know who else to go to! You'll keep it to yourself?" "Something you know that nobody else does?" Mrs. Horton asked eagerly. "I can't help Fannie now, nor hurt her either, to have anything known; but if it's about Henry Jordan, if it'll make a difference in his trial, what's the good of telling me when it isn't to go any further?" "Oh, I don't know what to do!" Miss Gaffney twisted the wrist cords of her van- ity case with nervous fingers. "It isn't about Mr. Jordan, though it might make a--a big difference. I met him when Fan- nie was going around with him, and I thought she was silly to waste her time with a tight-wad like that who wasn't any fun, when there were heaps of just dandy boys waiting to show us wonderful times and take us out right. "She did have sense enough after a while to break with him, but even though he did take it awful bad, and act as if she'd done something terrible, I can't bring myself to think it was him killed her, if anybody did; not after the things she told me! You don't believe there's a--a possible chance that they'll convict him just because of those letters, do you, Mrs. Horton?" "I didn't believe they could hold him for trial, but they did!" the landlady re- plied grimly. "If men whose business it is to judge murderers could take such a stand, there's no telling what a fool jury will do! If you know anything that'll help him, even though he wasn't the kind to throw his money away on good times that didn't mean anything to a regular man. and you don't come forward and tell it. it'll be on your conscience the rest of your life, pro- viding you've got one!" "You needn't be mean to me!" The girl sniffed. "I've got to think of myself, too, haven't I? I'd never get taken on in a swell place like Louisette's again with more notoriety, and it isn't as if I really knew anything, only what Fannie was afraid of. I'm afraid, too! If Frank Black knew I'd talked about him--" "That auto racing feller?" Mrs. Horton interrupted. "So Fannie was scared, after all, and it wasn't of what Henry might do! I s'pose you know you'll likely be called at the trial anyway? Louisette can't blame you for that!" "Not if I--I just don't know anything!" Miss Gaffney faltered. "But you'll be under oath, and you've got to tell the truth!" The older woman laid a plump hand on the girl's knee. "Mr. Sterett's been after you already, you say? Now, s'pose you was to go to him with me and tell him everything, leaving him to md out the truth without ever letting on the tip come from you? If you ain't thinking about doing right by Henry, don't you feel you kind of owe it to Fannie? Mr. Sterett won't let this Black feller or anybody else make trouble for you, and it'll save you, maybe, from telling lies in court that you could go to jail for yourself if it was proved on you!" Miss Gaffney cowered in her chair. "Oh, it's terrible!" she moaned. "If you think Mr. Sterett wouldn't ever give me away--" Twenty minutes later Mrs. Horton, in her best black-beaded dress and a top- heavy bonnet, towed the reluctant witness determinedly into the attorney's luxurious library, and explained the situation. Lock- wood Sterett had been covertly amused at her somewhat incoherent telephone mes- sage, but he grew quickly serious when its purport was revealed. Motioning suavely to chairs, he addressed himself with convincing reassurance to Ei- leen Gaffney. "My dear young lady, no one shall ever know we have had this little conference! You were wise in coming to me, for I shall be prepared to shield you from awkward questioning at the trial. You were Fannie Gillespie's closest friend, and she naturally confided in you. Am I to understand that 542 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. she was in fear of her life, and from some one other than my client?" Eileen Gaffney nodded. "I don't know that she thought Frank Black would actually kill her, but she was afraid of him. She'd treated him the same way she did Mr. Jordan and other fellows besides, only he wasn't the kind to--to take a throw without coming back. He had an awful temper; Fannie told me once that he'd half killed another driver because he thought he'd done something crooked to him in a road race, and he didn't do it openly, either! He waited for another race and then purposely ran him off a bridge! I don't know, of course, only what Fannie told me!" "I understand," Sterett interposed with a nod. "Go on. When did Fannie Gil- lespie--er, throw him?" "Last summer. She knew him a long time before ever she came to Louisette's, where her and me got to be friends, and he was just crazy about her--more than Mr. Jordan, I guess. Anyway, he showed it more. He was a grand spender, and he used to get a friend for me and take us out for elegant parties, with a car of his own and everything!" Eileen waxed enthusiastic, then her pretty face clouded, and she shrugged. "He got going too strong, though, and wanted Fannie to marry him, and right then he was cold with her. She canned him and took up with Mr. Jordan, and Frank just faded. I warned her he wouldn't take it like that, and I was right, for he was only waiting; he'd sized up Mr. Jordan, and knew just about how long Fan- nie would stand for free lectures and cheap movies when she'd been used to swell times! Sure enough, she turned Mr. Jordan down in February or March, and as soon as he saw her around in the big places again with Jack Rogers and Ben Newell and the crowd, Frank came back." "You mean that Fannie Gillespie ac- cepted his attentions again?" the attorney asked. "She did that, all right!" Eileen giggled. Then her face grew very sober. "Fannie was willing for all the good times he'd give her, but she told him flat she wasn't going to have any more love nonsense; she was off that! It's funny that a fellow'll never get that through his head if he don't want to believe it; Frank didn't. He was more determined to marry her this time than be- fore, and at last Fannie got to be a little afraid of him." "She told you so?" Sterett's eyes nar- rowed behind their wide rimmed glasses. "When did this happen? What did she say?" "It was about a month before--before she died." Eileen's rather shrill tones had lowered. "She'd been going out with a lot of fellows, and Frank was getting sore about it. One morning at the store she told me she had had an awful fight with him the night before, and he said he'd fix her so nobody else would want to go out with her. "I asked her what he meant, and she kind of shivered, and said maybe he'd throw vitriol at her, or smash her up in his car or something; that he'd looked like mur- der! It was then she told me about the other driver he'd crippled, but the next minute she was laughing and said he wouldn't ever dare do anything to her; but I watched, and from then on she was dif- ferent; she wouldn't talk about it, but she was nervous and unhappy when she was going out with him. I asked her why she went, and she said she had to kid him along 'til he left for Detroit, and then she wouldn't bother with him any more." "When did Frank Black go to Detroit? It was the night before her body was dis- covered, wasn't it?" "No. He was supposed to go then, but he didn't!" Her voice was a mere whisper, now. "Fannie didn't tell me. She didn't know, and besides I didn't see her again after she went home from the store that afternoon. She'd been acting more and more nervous, and a few days before she admitted to me at last that she was afraid of him; it was the first time any fellow had ever made her feel that way, but she knew something dreadful would happen before she got rid of him, and she wished from the bottom of her heart she'd never laid eyes on him." "You are sure of that?" Mr. Sterett BRIGHT LIGHTS. 543 tapped his desk thoughtfully. "You are positive those were her words?" "Every one," Eileen declared. "There'd been another quarrel, for she was getting so scared of him she had told him a story about some date or other, just as if he had a right to know where she was going, or who with, and he caught her. He said she ought to have that lie choked back down her throat, and if she didn't promise to lay off of everybody while he was away she'd never go out with anybody again. I was afraid for her, because none of my gentle- men friends would go that far; and I begged her not to see him any more, but she said she had to, for the last time. That last time was the night before she died, and it was somebody else told me what happened. But I'd rather not say who--" "Never mind that now. What was it?" Sterett leaned forward. "Do you mean about the scene in the Jazzway Restaurant, when Rogers came to the table?" Eileen flushed and hesitated. "That wasn't all," she said at last. "Maybe you heard Jack was working in a new picture? Well, they laid him off, and put some one else in his part; he don't get very big ones, yet it was so easy, but I guess maybe if you found out why he didn't go on with it--I couldn't tell you, only somebody said he'd met with a kind of an acci- dent--" "I see." Sterett nodded. "He went away from the restaurant after the scene, leaving Fannie Gillespie and Black together there, didn't he?" "I don't know where he went," Eileen disclaimed hastily. "I heard Fannie ran off herself and left Frank sitting there alone, and he seemed to be in a terrible rage. Real late, when he was supposed to be on the train going to Detroit, somebody I know saw him in Gil fay's, that place where all the sporting men go, and when they asked him why he was still in town he said he'd waited over because there was something he had to 'tend to, and he said it in a nasty kind of way. "I--I was told he did take an early train next morning, but you could find that out, Mr. Sterett; maybe you could find out, too, where he was during the time between. I don't mean that any of my friends know, or told me, but it seemed to me somebody ought to just make sure. It was him Fannie was afraid of, not Mr. Jordan." "She told you all about her affair with Henry Jordan?" Sterett changed his line of inquiry abruptly. "Oh, yes! Fannie told me everything, I guess." Eileen's tone was buoyant with re- lief, and she chatted on: "I never could understand what she saw in him, but per- haps it was just because he was new, and then he'd passed her up for some months there at Mrs. Horton's, as if he didn't know she was alive, and Fannie wasn't used to that. I shouldn't wonder if she made up her mind for fun to get him going, and then fell for him herself for a while." "You knew what they eventually quar- reled over?" the attorney pursued. "Because he--" Eileen glanced at Mrs. Horton, and quickly amended her reply. "Because she was lively and liked parties, and he didn't. She was crazy about danc- ing, not just sitting around holding hands, and she got tired, I guess. I knew about those notes he wrote her--she used to show them to me, and we'd laugh over them. I mean, he was so preachy and fault-finding, as if she was married to him already, when that was the last thing she was thinking of! Still, I couldn't keep quiet and let him face this, when I knew about Frank Black. I'd be scared something terrible to have him know I said it, but if any one broke in her room that night and killed Fannie, it was him!" CHAPTER VIII. ARRAIGNED. MRS. HORTON settled herself firmly in her chair and gazed about the crowded court room with a grimly critical eye. Mrs. Moffat, who had returned for the winter stock of ladies' and misses' attire for Feingold's Emporium, was seated beside her, and a few rows behind Simeon Darley folded his new fawn colored topcoat carefully over his plump knees and solemnly regarded the judge. 544 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. The jury had been selected with expedi- tion, and Mrs. Horton nudged her compan- ion. "I don't think much of that foreman's looks!" she observed. "I never thought that a little man with a chin like that had much mind of his own, and you heard him say he considered circumstantial evidence as good's any other. I can't figger why Mr. Sterett accepted him." "He's married and got a son," Mrs. Mof- fat whispered back shrewdly. "In human nature he'll put his boy in Henry Jordan's place; it would be different if he had daugh- ters. Hush!" The district attorney had risen to ad- dress the jury, and at his first crisply enunciated words Mrs. Moffat glanced at the prisoner. Henry Jordan was thinner and pallid, but it was not that which had drawn her attention repeatedly since his entrance; it was the look of stern maturity which these weeks of suspense had graven on his features, robbing them of their last at- tribute of youth. She could scarcely believe that the man before her, embittered by this ordeal and worn with suffering, was the ambitious, buoyant lad of a few short months before, whom disappointment and the shattering of his fondest illusion had failed utterly to cast down. He appeared weary, with a curious air of detachment, as if he were merely a bored spectator instead of the central figure in this portentous scene, where freedom, perhaps life itself, depended on the decision of the twelve individuals before him, cast in such vastly dissimilar molds. But District Attorney Harker's trenchant voice claimed Mrs. Moffat's ear at length. With a due regard for the dramatic, he was extolling the beauty and virtues of the dead girl, picturing her as a simple little country maid, working industriously to earn her liv- ing, and unmindful of her charm. Pursued by the attentions of her fellow boarder, who had conceived a blind infatua- tion for her, she had at first consented to give him her companionship out of pity for the affection which she could not return, but when he demanded too much, when he insisted, accompanying his unwarranted claims by threats--as should be proven in good time to the gentlemen of the jury-- when he attempted to coerce her into be- coming his wife, linking her whole future with that of a man she did not love, then Frances Gillespie gently, compassionately, but firmly, refused to make this stupendous, absurd sacrifice. With her refusal, revenge entered the heart of the man seated before them, and he resolved to take her life, that no other might ever find happiness with her. He de- scribed the supposititious murder with a wealth of graphic detail, and wound up with a peroration painting Henry Jordan in the most lurid colors and approximately liken- ing him to the monsters of history. When he had taken his seat, Mrs. Moffat felt her eyes drawn yet again to the pris- oner. He seemed scarcely to have heard the denunciation as he sat staring straight before him with an odd tightening of the lines about his set mouth that might almost have been a shadow of a smile. All at once memory carried her back to the night of her arrival in the previous spring, when he hed taken her to that sensational screen drama of faithless love and murder, and afterward defended, or at least excused, the slayer. With startling distinctness his very words came again to her mind: "Maybe he thought he had a right to kill her, same as he'd throttle a wild beast if he had noth- ing else to kill it with but his bare hands, to keep it from harming other people as it had him. ... I believe there's apt to come a time in any man's life when he'd like to kill!" Had he been perhaps unconsciously voicing his own sentiments? Was the thought already in his mind to take Fan- nie's life, not as the prosecutor declared, to prevent another from happiness with her, but as he himself had said of the pictured character: Not for his own satisfaction, but because he had a right, it would be better if she were were dead." But even as his words had returned to cast a first, faint shadow of doubt upon him in her thoughts, so the look in his eyes as for the moment he turned his head to- ward her dispelled it. Deeply encircled and drawn with mental anguish, thev were yet 4 A BRIGHT LIGHTS. 545 clear and steady, with no hint of fear or guilt in their calm, courageous glance. This boy could never, even in thought, have committed the hideous crime with which he was charged! Lockwood Sterett had risen in his turn, and with consummate skill, to avoid a seem- ing disparagement of the dead girl, he man- aged to draw a subtly different picture of Fannie as a born coquette, instinctively aware of her attractions and rapacious for admiration, careless of the suffering she caused if by her blandishments she could command the entertainment her pleasure loving nature craved. In sharp but apparently undesigned con- trast, he described his client as a boy who worked his way through school while other lads played, who as youth and man had borne an unblemished reputation, com- manding the respect and admiration of em- ployers and associates alike, ambitious but conscientious, honorable and God-fearing He touched on the grave responsibility resting on the gentlemen of the jury when a man's life himg in the scales of their judgment, pointed to the pitfalls of cir- cumstantial evidence, and assured them earnestly that he defense would refute con- clusively the suggestion of their client's guilt. With a nice regard for the power and emphasis of brevity, Sterett seated himself again beside his associates, giving no hint to the prosecution as to the line he pro- posed to take in vindicating the accused, and the real proceedings opened when Offi- cer Burke was called to the stand. After the usual preliminaries, the district attorney asked: "Where were you at seven thirty-five on the morning of May 20, last?" "Near the corner of Nint' Avenoo and Forty-Eight' Street, patrolling my beat," the policeman answered promptly in the singsong accents of an oft-told story. "Describe what occurred then." "A woman came running up behind and grabbed me by the aim. 'Twas Agnes, that's been chambermaid and waitress for Mrs. Horton at No. 326A since before ever I was detailed to that precinct. She was white as a sheet, with a wild look in her eyes; and says she: 'Come quick, Mr. Burke! There's something wrong!' 'And what is it?' says I, coming along just the same. I don't know, but Miss Gillespie's door has got to be broke down! 'Tis locked from the inside, and she don't answer!' "You hear the like of that from rooming houses more times than a few, and I took it on the double-quick, her trailing after. When we got to 326A the door was open, and a young man I'd not seen before dash- ing down the steps. He yelled something about 'Dr. Vaughn,' and I let him go, slamming the door and hurrying on up the stairs to the top floor, meeting no one on the way but Caroline, the cook, hollering in the hall. Mrs. Horton and another woman was holding on to each other on the top step of the last flight, and Henry Jordan, with no coat nor collar on him, was leaning over the rail in the upper hall." He paused, for a little stir had run around the court room at his mention of the prisoner's name, but the prosecutor car- ried him on. "You know these people?" "Yes, sir, all but the lady with Mrs. Horton, and her I'd seen there off and on for years back. I asked Mrs. Horton what was wrong, and she said nothing, just point- ed to the door of the little hall room at the rear. It was locked, all right, with the key turned in it from the other side, so I broke it down, taking myself in with it. "'Twas dark, for though the window was open the shades had been pulled all the way down, but after a minute I made out a girl in a long, white nightgown hanging by a rope from the high brass bedpost. It was Fannie Gillespie, that I knew well, having seen her come and go from Mrs. Horton's for more than a year past." He described Mrs. Horton's collapse, the return of the young man with the neighbor- ing doctor, his own orders and message to the precinct station, while spectators and jury alike listened with absorbed attention. The defense had no questions to ask, and he was excused, giving place to Agnes. The new witness was plainly nervous, but her sharp features bore a determined expres- sion and she eyed the district attorney mu- tinously. 5 A 546 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. After drawing from her a corroboration of the policeman's testimony, he asked: "You'd waited on Miss Gillespie at the table and taken care of her room since she came to board at Mrs. Horton's?" "Yes, sir." "You also had charge of her mail and answered the telephone calls which came for her?" "I did. She had lots of both, and my hands were full remembering the things to tell one gentleman and another." Agnes's nasal tones had quickened, as though she feared an interruption; but the prosecutor countered smoothly: "Miss Gillespie was popular, you mean?" Sterett made a show of objection, but Agnes was permitted to reply. "She'd always followers dangling after her and kept them going real smart and clever." It would have been impossible to tell from her tone whether she intended to convey admiration or censure, but the point told and the district attorney went on hastily: "Miss Gillespie confided in you, then?" "I've eyes in my head!" Agnes retorted, while a faint titter ran through the crowd of spectators. "There was no need of her telling me things." The judge rebuked her sternly and then the prosecutor asked: "Then did you observe when the prisoner at the bar began paying marked attention to Fannie Gillespie?" There was no objection from the defense and Agnes nodded. "Yes, sir. She'd been making eyes at him for months, but he couldn't see her, then all of a sudden he started taking her around and it was all up with him." The tenor of her reply was unmistakable now and a wrangle ensued to have it strick- en from the records, but it had registered and when the prosecutor strove to establish personal animosity on Agnes's part toward the dead girl he signally failed. Without pursuing the subject of her observations further he turned her over to the defense, contenting himself with repeated objections while Sterett adroitly drew from her a re- cital of Fannie's fickleness and love of finery and excitement, as well as a wholehearted tribute to her beauty and charm that erased the impression of partiality. She left the stand, a distinct feather in the cap of the defense, and Dr. Vaughn was sworn in. He recapitulated the incidents of the morning when the tragedy was discovered, detailing the obvious cause of death and approximate hour at which it had taken place, and then Sterett took him in hand. "Doctor, have you ever in your profes- sional capacity, encountered a death by hanging before?" "Yes. Two of them, in fact." The doc- tor stroked his neatly clipped beard with flexible, tapering fingers. "Were they suicides or murders?" The district attorney's instant objection was overruled and Dr. Vaughn responded: "Suicides, unquestionably. No doubt was entertained in either case." "In your professional capacity, then, do you consider it likely or unlikely, possible or impossible, that a person could be forci- bly taken from their bed and hanged with- out the least disturbance or outcry which would reach some ears in a quiet, sleeping household?" This time the roar of objection was sus- tained, but the seed had been planted and as ihe occupants of the jury box glanced inadvertently at one another Mrs. Horton nudged her neighbor again. "Get that, Mis' Moffat? Fighting right from the start, ain't he? I guess there won't much pass by him!" Mrs. Moffat nodded with her finger on her lips. She had lost the next name called, but the stocky, thickset, sandy haired figure which mounted the stand was one she re- membered. It was the detective from head- quarters, Lieutenant Stevenson. The spectators, too, evidently recalled his prominence in the investigation when the case first reached the press for a repressed murmur passed among them like a sibilant breeze, subsiding as the prosecutor began his questioning. The detective described his examination of the room in which the girl had died and his discovery of the compromising letters which were submitted in evidence without BRIGHT LIGHTS. 547 protest from the defense. After whetting the curiosity of the jury, the district at- torney craftily left it unsatisfied and switched the topic to Stevenson's interview with the landlady; her admission that she could conceive no motive for suicide on Fannie Gillespie's part, her tribute to the girl's high moral character and general pop- ularity, and account of her growing nervous- ness during the final weeks of her life cul- minating in the appearance of fear. Mrs. Horton's broad face flushed and she compressed her lips when she heard herself quoted in the testimony, but the reference was soon concluded and led by the prose- cutor Stevenson told of his survey of the roof, introducing in evidence also the rope which had suspended the body of Fannie Gillespie and the section of clothesline from which it had been severed. "Did you observe anything else on the roof?" District Attorney Harker asked. "Yes, sir. Footprints," replied the de- tective promptly. "Were they the footprints of a man or a woman?" "A woman." "Will you tell the court, Lieutenant Stevenson, how you came to this conclu- sion?" "I found the shoe that had made them and proved its ownership." There was a sudden stir far back among the spectators and Caroline, resplendent in a bright purple gown and feathered hat, started to rise from her chair, but feeling curious, alien eyes upon her she subsided. "Do you recognize this shoe?" The prosecutor held up the large but dilapidated specimen of footwear which the witness had used in his investigation and the latter nodded. "Yes, that's the one. I found it with its mate down in the back yard of Mrs. Hor- ton's house and Agnes said it belonged to the cook, and that she wore them hanging out wash, there and on the roof. I took it up to the roof and found it fitted per- fectly into the prints; the only prints there." A low mutter came from the indignant owner of the shoe, but it was lost in the dis- trict attorney's next question. "Were there any further indications on the roof?" "None that I saw. I went from there down to the room in which the bodv was found." He continued, describing its furnishings and the clothing and toilet articles with the most minute detail, as well as the con- tents of the trunk. When he came to the photographs they were admitted in evidence and at length the subject of the letters was broached again. With telling effect the prosecutor quoted from them, reading aloud to the jury the most damaging passages written by Henry Jordan in the first bitter moments of his disillusionment, and al- though there was little outward manifesta- tion of it the veering attitude of the men in the box could be almost felt. To Mrs.- Horton's bewildered disapproval Lockwood Sterett interposed no objection until Steven- son's account of his examination of the ac- cused man. Then his protests came thick and fast, but they were of little avail. Henry Jor- dan had admitted his infatuation for Fan- nie Gillespie, but only when he saw that de- nial would be useless; he had been confused when the notes were produced, but con- fessed having written them, declaring that he had been "wild with jealousy and dis- appointment." He asked if he were being accused of her murder before the suggestion of it was made to him and did not deny it, merely reminding his questioner that the girl's door had been found locked on the inside; a trifling and irrelevant detail when entrance could have been as easily gained through the window. In his ensuing examination of the wit- ness Sterett tried by every artifice to amend his former testimony so as to mitigate its damning force, but Stevenson was wary and not to be shaken, and as he left the stand it was apparent that the prosecution had indeed scored. Then a name was called at which the lis- teners gazed questioningly at one another, and Mrs. Horton grasped the arm of the buyer from Ohio in troubled amazement. "Evelyn Trimble." A pale, angular woman with smooth bands of fair hair under her plain hat re- 548 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. peated the oath in a calm, low voice which penetrated to the uttermost corner of the great room. "What is your profession, Miss Trim- ble?" the district attorney queried with urbane courtesy. "I am a graduate nurse." "What in the world--" Mrs. Horton be- gan, but Mrs. Moffat silenced her. "Were you actively employed on the nineteenth and twentieth of last May?" "Yes, sir. From the first to the twenty- eighth on a pneumonia case." "Where?" "At No. 327-B West Forty-Seventh Street." The reply came with quiet pre- cision, but the effect on several of her hear- ers was significant. "That's just back of us!" Mrs. Horton exclaimed in an irrepressible whisper. "What on earth can she know?" "Were you on day or night duty, Miss Trimble?" "Night duty, sir. My hours were from eight to eight." "Where was your patient's room lo- cated?" The prosecutor's tone were bland. "On the third floor, at the rear of the house; a private bath adjoined, also look- ing out on the rear." "The view from the windows of your patient's room and that of the bath was of the back yards?" "And the backs of the houses on the south side of Forty-Eighth Street." Miss Trimble nodded and added: "The rear of No. 326-A was directly opposite." The purport of the questioning was ap- parent now to the spectators and again they stirred expectantly, but the district attorney continued without pause: "Were you in the habit of glancing from these windows?" "Occasionally, when my patient did not require my attention." "Did you notice any particular window more than others?" "Yes. The single one on the extreme right of the top floor of No. 326-A--my right as I faced it, I mean," the witness explained. "I was curious about it for there was a light there almost constantly." "Did you observe it on the night of the 19th and 20th of last May?" "I did. The window was open, but the white shade was drawn and the light on at eight o'clock when I came on duty. At nine when I gave my patient a stimulant I noticed from the bathroom where I rinsed the spoon that the light was out in the room opposite, but at eleven when I administered an opiate it had been turned on again and a figure was plainly outlined against the shade." Miss Trimble paused and added: "It was that of a woman in profile with both arms raised removing her hat; a small woman, very slender and girlish. I had seen it nearly every evening in that room since I went on the case." "Please tell the gentlemen of the jury if you noted anything else that night?" "Nothing for more than two hours. My patient was restless and demanded my at- tention constantly, but at twenty minutes past one I went into the bathroom once more to heat some milk. I remember the time because I noted it on my chart. The milk bottle was in a small ice chest under the window, and as I removed it I glanced out and up to that opposite window. At that instant the light there was extin- guished." "Did you consider that worthy of note?" "Yes, because the light was frequently out until that hour or even later, but from whatever time it was lighted when the eve- ning was far advanced until morning, be- tween seven and eight o'clock, that light was always there. It was never put out, never on one single night!" TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK CHARLES ALDEN SELTZER has written his greatest story. This is a sweeping assertion, but is not beyond the bounds of truth, as you will agree when you read it in this magazine. Watch for announcement of opening date. The Devil's Jest By  ROBERT TERRY SHANNON VINCENTE ALESANDRO awoke, without apparent reason, and opened his eyes to the dim furnish- ings of his great bedroom. His mind be- gan to clear slowly, and he realized that, somehow, he had pulled his consciousness up out of an abysmal black void. His body, which lay like a fragile husk under the light linen and silk covers^of his mam- moth bed of carved walnut, was peculiarly without sensation, as though it were in some way detached from his real being. His arm, when he tried to lift it, was inert and heavy. With an effort he pulled up a hand under the covers and felt at his breast for the pulsation of his heart. He was unable to detect any beat. "This, then," said Vincente Alesandro to himself, "is death. I am still alive, but I am dying, exactly as it was explained. The heart, like an engine without power, is slowing down to a final stop." The darkness, like an enveloping cloud, began to gather about his mind, but the will to live a little longer stayed the man from sinking supinely into cushioned nothing- ness that represented death. There was no terror, no regret--if anything, there was satisfaction. His physician, who was a medical celebrity, had told Vincente Ale- sandro exactly what to expect. Acting ac-; cordingly, the man had done the things necessary to wind up his life in the manner which would give him the most satisfac- tion. The act of dying would be his last master stroke; it would represent his sub- tlest achievement. There was no sting, now, in the thought of death--and yet-- Vincente Alesandro summoned mental energy from some inner center and drew himself out of the shadowed borderland, Intellectually, he was quite ready to go, but the instinctive will of the animal brought him up, as from a great depth-- brought him up fighting physically. The struggle was accompanied by a kind of friction, an increasing illumination, a sharpening of his faculties. 549 550 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. "Like a candle flaming up before it is extinguished," he told himself. His dark, deep-set eyes roved the fa- miliar room with its heavy carved furni- ture, its paintings and hangings. Vincente Alesandro had slept in the room for twenty years, since he had built the house when he was in the full flush of his middle age. And now he was withered like a tree with- out sap. Beside his bed was a narrow table of polished wood. Reaching out, he touched the base of a small, parchment shaded lamp, and the room was softly illumined with a subdued glow. On an oval of ivory banded with a fretwork of silver was the miniature portrait of a woman, young, blond, and exquisite. Turning his head slightly, Vincente Alesandro regarded it with eyes that grew into bright, triumphant slits. Suddenly his glance leaped away, toward the long brocaded portieres that separated the room from the one adjoining, which was his study. "Who's there?" he demanded in a voice brittle and alert. No one answered. His attention sharp- ened to a keen, nervous edge; he was taut as a drawn wire; a renewed current of energy ran through his nerves. "Who is it?" he called sharply. "I saw that cur- tain move--I heard some one breathe!" Again, silence. Craftily the hand and arm of Vincente Alesandro reached out to the end of the table that was nearest his bed. Following his fingers a smooth draw- er slid out, and he possessed himself of a short, glistening revolver. "I have a pistol pointed directly at that curtain--come out or I'll fire," he said with dry, nerveless composure. The curtain moved almost imperceptibly. There was now, unmistakably, the sound of some one breathing. "At once--or I fire!" The curtain, defiantly, was brushed aside and there stepped into the room the slender, darkly clad figure of a man--a lean-faced man, with a sharp, protruding under jaw and thin lips askew with chagrin, or, per- haps, desperation. "Well?" queried Alesandro. The other tossed his head with a touch of bravado. "All right--call somebody--send for the cops!" he enunciated in a strained voice. "You got me, ain't you?" Vincente Alesandro was on one elbow, holding his weapon steadily. "Who are you--what do you want?" "Most of all, I want to get away, but I guess there ain't a chance as long as you're pointin' that gun at my head." Alesandro watched the man with a cat- like smile developing slowly. "You're not much of a burglar, young man," he said, with a false note of humor. "You ought to wear a mask and a cap, and you most certainly ought to avoid capture by a bed- ridden invalid." The intruder stood motionless, pallid. "You can call your cop," he said tense- ly. "I ain't carryin' no weapons, an' I ain't took nothin' away from your house. The worst you can stick me for is unlawful entry, and maybe not that. Maybe I'm just a shell-shocked veteran that wandered into the wrong place." For a moment Alesandro regarded his captive steadily with keen, searching eyes. Slowly he lowered the pistol and waved the other to a heavy chair near the foot of the bed. The hand that held the weapon lay lightly, but alertly, on the bed. "You needn't trouble to start framing up an alibi," he said mockingly. "I can see that you're feeling pretty sick at your stomach right now; but you might as well get over that. You have stumbled into the only house in New York City where you would be welcome." The man sank slowly into the designated chair, removed the soft felt hat he was wearing, and held it on his lap. In the faint light there was an almost vicious handsomeness in his sharply cut features, surmounted by a crop of crisp black hair. His gray eyes were perfectly steady now, as though he had obtained a fresh grip on his nerves. "Well, what's the big idea?" he asked coolly, yet with something baffled in his tone. "You've a hard nerve," Alesandro re- marked. THE DEVIL'S JEST. 551 "Maybe," the other admitted. "And you've got a pretty big opinion of your own qualifications--vanity. Too bad you haven't intelligence as well. We're pretty much alike, you and I--except in the matter of intelligence. The difference is in degree, not kind. I probably have twice as much nerve--and vanity. That's why I'm talking so much--vanity. I've been forced to keep it under cover for years, but the necessity no longer exists. I'm free now from all restrictions. You see, your providential coming has caught me in a rare mood. I was preparing to die when I discovered you. I'll probably be dead before you leave the room." Vincente Alesandro had been speaking with a studied, leisurely enjoyment. His eyes glistened. In his veins his Latin blood was pulsing warmly at a dramatic situation. The role of the bizarre, imperturbable ele- gante--even at the hour of death--reached a theatric strain in his nature. The grow- ing bewilderment written on the features of the man before him gave an added fillip to his pleasure. "Let me tell you something, my friend," he went on smoothly. "I suppose this sit- uation into which you have stumbled is without a parallel in the annals of burglary. You saw that the house was darkened. You thought, naturally, that it was empty--" The burglar nodded. The tenseness was getting out of his body and his nerves. His eyes gave steady attention to the leathery face of Alesandro. "And you found the master of the house unexpectedly at home. Unexpectedly, you were captured. Again the unexpected--I, Vincente Alesandro, am perhaps the only man in New York who wouldn't have shot you, or turned you over to the police. There is a brainless type of mind that as- serts that all men are molded out of the same primeval mud--that they are all the same under the skin. Dolts! I'm not like any one now living. I'm a throwback. I'm one of the doges; perhaps a reincarna- tion of one of the dukes of Venice or Flor- ence. I feel like one. But the chances are that you don't understand a word of what I'm getting at--you're just wondering what your chances are of getting away." The other smiled faintly. "I'm figurin' on that all right," he admitted frankly, "but your drift, maybe, ain't as much over my head as you suppose." "I hope not," Alesandro told him coldly, "but the chances are that you think I'm insane, whereas I am perfectly lucid in my mind. Just at the moment of my death a mysterious fate sends in a man like you to hear my deathbed confession. It is most gratifying. These last confessions, you know, are never given to clear a conscience. They're all the result of vanity--nothing more. I should have hated to die without the pleasure of confessing. The whole thing is such a beautiful jest. "I told you this situation is without a parallel. And so it is. For the first time in the history of man the thief and his victim meet without any conflict of interest. I am dying. These things in this house which you came to steal--I cannot carry them with me. A dead man cannot own property. The minute my heart stops I cease to have any connection whatever with any earthly possessions. I shall be in a different medium where the material things of this life are without value. Perhaps, at the outside, I shall live an hour longer. These things are of no possible use to me in that short space of time. Therefore, in taking anything you may choose you are working no hardship upon me. You are depriving me of nothing that I need. When you leave this house I have not the faintest interest in what you take with you. You may take anything you like!" Alesandro paused with a saturnine smile. At the foot of the bed the burglar was studying him with a puzzled frown. The hands that had hitherto lain motionless in his lap began now to move restlessly. "If you feel that way about it, mister," he said, suddenly, "an' if you ain't holdin' no grudge against me--why, I'd just as soon clear cut right now. I wouldn't bother to take anvthing with me, neither," "Why?" From what you said--about dyin'--11 "You're afraid of death?" Involuntarily the man shrugged. "You're so sure you're goin' to kick off--it's sort of cold-blooded. I'll tell you what I'll do, 552 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. mister--after I get out I'll telephone from some drug store for a doctor for you--on the level--" Vincente Alesandro moved his revolver slightly. "You'll stay right where you are," he said bloodlessly. "After all, you're just one of the common herd--sentimental. I've an odd story to tell; however, I'm not telling it for your benefit, but my own. Now, at the last, I realize that I've got to share it--to pour it into human ears, how- ever unappreciative they may be. Vanity again. Strange, too. Until a short time ago I fancied I would be content to die with it locked in my breast. When you came the necessity for telling it came also --and I will not be cheated. Unless, of course, you try to escape, in which case I shall inevitably prevent you. The range is short. Beyond doubt I could drop you before you took two steps." The burglar's restless fingers fished a cigarette and a match out of his vest. "Shoot!" he said crisply. "Of course it is understood you'll take whatever you like from the house--when it's all over," Alesandro added. "Your predatory instincts will govern that." The other's face flushed. "You don't hold a hell of a high opinion of me, do you?" he demanded with a sudden, unrea- soning heat. "I suppose I ought to start with my birth," Vincente Alesandro began, ignoring the words and the tone of his listener. "I am convinced that parentage counts for nothing. Somehow, I happened to be born of poor people down south of Washington Square a very long time ago. I bore their name; perhaps my flesh and blood partook of theirs. But not my self. No--that was different. "They were content in their ignorance. I had a passion for education, for the fine- ness beyond their comprehension. It was extremely easy to gratify my desires. My intelligence was remarkable. There are books and teachers available in limitless numbers. But books were the most im- portant. At twenty-one I was cultured, a gentleman. I moved uptown, and put be- hind me the squalor of the slums. "But I did not lose touch with the people --my race--down there. I had a passion for money, and my people were simple --and greedy. It was no effort at all to get them to invest their savings with me, and I made money for them. Some of them. "My astuteness enabled me to see that there was a fortune to be made in building houses, cheap apartments. I was very near- ly infallible in my judgment. For a time I was absolutely honest, because I thought it was the profitable thing, but the process of acquiring wealth through honesty be- came too slow. Then I made my bargain with the devil, and he prospered me exceed- ingly." The eyes of the burglar widened so sud- denly and so remarkably that Vincente Alesandro checked his speech and a derisive chuckle arose In his throat. "No, simpleton--I don't mean black magic," he said, contemptuous of the other's startled look. "I spoke figuratively. As soon as I was freed of the shackles of hon- esty I multiplied my opportunities a hun- dredfold, although the law did, in a degree, limit my workings. "I found success--and failure. I failed with a woman--my wife." His glance rested momentarily on the ivory miniature on his table. "She was a cold, northern lily. Her frigidity to me fanned me to a flame. I was aware that secretly she despised me-- that she looked down upon me with the scorn of blue blood upon one of the canaille. You, of course, cannot understand how such a thing affected me. She was a living challenge. All that I had accom- plished--all life--was futile as long as this one particular woman remained unattain- able. Such is my nature. There remained but one object in life--to master her. "First, I had to accomplish the impossi- ble feat of marrying her. The task was doubly hard because she was in love with a worthless young artist, a starveling. No man who ever lived, except myself, could have accomplished what I did. No brain other than mine could have had the sub- tlety--no nature other than mine would have possessed the daring and the courage to make such a sacrifice. THE DEVIL'S JEST. 553 "Her father was a man of money. I drew him into financial association with me. For a while I allowed him to prosper. Then --mark this well--I steered our partnership into failure. More--criminal failure. Her father not only stood to lose his integrity, but he faced prison. Apparently, he was guilty of fraud, while I was innocent. No court on earth could have decided other- wise. "Can you not see the situation--the lever? Frankly, I made my terms--to the girl. I triumphed. The expose came. I was ruined in reputation. It was impossible for me to continue in business, yet I had come out of the scandal with my fortune hidden away, intact. Money works won- ders. I was acquitted legally--damned morally. But she was m3' wife. Her father died. "Yet I failed. Even as I swindled her, so she swindled me. Legally she became my wife. She lived in my house. Her apart- ment in it is on the other side of the cor- ridor. For twenty years she has kept me out of every phase of her life. With a stamina that is scarcely credible, she has ignored me. Yet she kept her pledge. She married me--nothing more." The burglar in the chair stirred. "Well, what did you expect?" he demanded, for- getful of his own situation. "D'ye think she was goin' to fall on your neck after the way you framed her?" Vincente Alesandro's lips tightened. "I have said that I have a hard nerve and an inordinate vanity," he said coldly. "Another man would have shrugged and admitted defeat. I am different. I am capable of living out a single idea to its conclusion. I staked all on one card. Per- haps it is all vanity--it matters not. "But I have a clear mind. From the be- ginning I saw that victory was impossible. It was beyond any power I had to triumph over her spirit. Did I quit? There was still one compensating opportunity left for me. Do you know what it was?" The burglar shook his head. "Revenge!" The word was a hiss in the throat of the man on the bed. "But it must not be crass--common. It had to be a revenge that was beautiful-- it had to be expressive of my personality. You would have beaten her. I--I would wound the spirit. My wife, as a girl, had never learned the value of money. She had no idea whatever of its importance. From childhood it had flowed like an endless stream into her hands. Her attitude toward it was impersonal. I imagine that she thought no more of it than she did of the air she breathed. "Cannot you see what a weapon I pos- sessed? I placed large sums to her credit in a checking account. She has always had all she wanted. The fine things of life, the expensive luxuries--they are her necessities. In accepting money from me she was scarce- ly aware of its source. Certainly she never fully realized it. Merely, she was drawing on the same inexhaustible supply she had always known. I went to the pains to see that she drew it even from the same bank through which her father had handled her allowances. But, as my wife, there was more. There was more for her charities, her clothes, her cars, jewels--everything. And through all of these years our relations have been--formal. Y'ou see, I foresaw that I would die long before she did. Her age now is forty. The best part of her life remains. She is without any relatives what- ever. I am her only source of supply. Ah --but I observe that you have not yet be- gun to see what I am aiming to do!" The eyes of the burglar were hard. A pool of a scowl had formed between his brows. He was silent. Again there was something reminiscently catlike in the face of Vincente Alesandro as he moistened his lips with his tongue. "Perhaps you have never heard of Gus- tav von Boehm," he took up his narrative again. "He is the greatest living specialist on diseases of the heart. A year ago, be- cause he is a wise man, he came out of Germany. He came to put his great skill on the market. I have had heart trouble. He has treated me. From the beginning he told me frankly there was no hope. I have been doomed for years. Now, I am at the end. He described how the final seizure would come to me. That man knows my interior as a watchmaker knows the wheels 554 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. of a watch. I have paid him thousands of dollars--for information. "Is it not plain, then, what I have done? As the time drew short I began to convert my assets into cash. Death--I can snap my fingers at death. Do you know the easiest way to get rid of money--more than a million? The stock market--you can lose it without the slightest chance of ever getting it back. But this house remained, the cars and jewels. Well, she knew nothing of business. Quite willingly, she signed any papers I presented. Mortgage after mort- gage, clear up to the hilt and beyond. The money so realized went into the same maw and disappeared. Our current expenses-- borrowed. The time was short; they would not press the debts. "And now--I die. And she--I have not victory, but I have that which is equally sweet--revenge. She who was used to every luxury that money could buy--she who lived as a princess--she will go out into the world at forty--a pauper." The burglar half smiled. "That's a scream!" he muttered. Alesandro did not hear him. "Fate has been sweet to me. Everything is swept away--I die just in time. Already there are the first faint rumblings of the coming crash. One of my creditors telephoned me to-day. I put him off--" "That's a scream!" the burglar muttered again. For a moment the room was silent, and then came the swift, startling ringing of a telephone in the room. The eyes of both men widened. "Hand it to me," Alesandro command- ed. "I'll answer." The instrument at the end of a long cord was lifted from a stand by the burglar and placed in the hands of the recumbent man. "Yes . . . this is he . . . you--what!" Suddenly the sound of a French clock on a mantel of Carrara marble became dis- tinctly audible as Vincente Alesandro's face began slowly to grow livid as he listened to the voice that came through the receiver pressed tightly against his ear. A whimsy played around the thin lips of the burglar as he looked upon the startled anguish on the face of the older man. "Gee, it's a scream!" The thin lips formed the words soundlessly. Vincente Alesandro, with a palsied hand, put the receiver on the hook. His lids flut- tered to a close. His lips had become ashen. Presently he spoke in a voice that was as dry, as hopeless, as dust. "She--she met him this afternoon--the starveling artist. She is sailing to-morrow for Paris--for a divorce. He--he has at- tained fame, wealth." A paroxysm of de- feat shook the frame of Vincente Alesan- dro. "But I won't live to suffer--thank God! I am dying." The burglar grinned. "Holy smoke--this is a scream!" he broke out without restraint. "Don't you ever read the newspapers? This Von Boehm you was tellin' me about--didn't you read about him in to-night's paper? Say, he's a fake! The real Von Boehm's still in Germany. This bird here is pinched --picture on the front page. He's been get- tin' slews of rich guys an' tellin' them they was about to die. He'd scare 'em to death and then milk 'em right. An' you fell for that faker! It's a million to one that your heart's as sound as a dollar watch. Gee, it's a scream! An' you shot every dime you had just to leave the dame in the lurch. Say, you ain't goin' to die--you're goin' to live for a long while, flat, busted! You're goin' to live!" Calmly the burglar picked up his hat, placed it on his head, and strode to the brocaded portiere that led into the next room, where there was an open window and a fire escape. At the exit he stopped and looked back with a grin. "You poor fish!" he laughed, in fare- well. Vincente Alesandro picked up the shining pistol and pressed it against his heart, which now was beating firmly and evenly. His finger sought the trigger--and hesitated. Then, swiftly, as though the weapon burned his fingers, he flung it across the room. "No! No!" he cried in an access of bit- ter realization. "I cannot kill myself--I have not the courage. I am doomed to live!" Another Woman's Life CHAPTER XXII. THE BARONESS CALLS. MARCUS PHARE made himself con- versant with the way of Jenny's working life. He could not be said to persecute her; he was most discreet and careful not to cause the slightest breath of gossip. But he knew all about her. He had a cousin, Mrs. Ralph Tovey, a very smart woman. With her he once at- tended a fashion parade at the big Knights- bridge shop. Jenny saw him. She hated him to be there as much out of professional pride as anything else. This was so different from Mme. Lacour's. In Deal Street, in that old world, spacious house, everything had been perfect. Here in the great show rooms the carpets were not over clean, and there was too much light, and the models were apt to get soiled through being shown so often. One dress would be copied over and over again with very trivial differences. Such a thing was impossible at Mme. Lacour's. Mrs. Tovey ordered a gown from a model Jenny was wearing. This meant that the girl had to walk about in front of her. Phare kept silence, lounging in his chair, a half smile on his lips. Jenny did not know whether he had told his cousin anything. The next day was a Sunday and Jenny had been bound to accept a luncheon invi- tation from Phare. Her feelings toward him had in no wise changed; but she re- belled a trifle less acutely at going about with him. She was getting used to it. She dared not resist his will. He had a hold over her that would only relax when Prince Nicholas was safely married. Of course, these outings were a break in her dull life. And Phare behaved very well. He had not mentioned the prince for some time. It was a fortnight since Jenny had said good-by to Nicholas. Nor did Phare often speak of his feelings for her; but he had an irritating way of assuming that she was going to marry him. "My cousin, Mrs. Tovey, thought you quite charming," said Phare at lunch. This story began in the Argosy-Allstory Weekly for November 24. 555 556 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. "I wish you wouldn't bring your friends there," Jenny retorted. "I'm sorry. Does it make you feel un- comfortable? I naturally want to know how you live. And I can hardly come alone. They'd think I was on the prowl. But you oughtn't to be there. It's no place for you." "I don't mind it." "You ought to mind it. Do you have to work hard?" "Not exactly. But there's a lot of dust- ing and cleaning up and you never know when you will be wanted. And there are lots of women who come in and make you put on about two dozen models and go away without giving an order, and that makes the heads of the show room furious and they blame us. It's such a waste of time." "You're an extraordinary girl," com- mented Phare. A few minutes later he said : "Prince Nicholas is going it pretty strong from all accounts." Jenny started. She had thought of him as back in his own country. "Have you heard about it?" Phare asked. "No." "Have you seen him lately?" "No." "So you took my advice. Wise girl! That young man couldn't be the slightest good to you. It seems he's staying on here incog. I suppose he visits the archduchess now and then and has a good time in be- tween. There are wild tales about. He's never seen without Trixi Almette, the French music hall star. She's a London girl, really. I saw him myself at the Metro- politan Club last night. He was with her and a decidedly rapid gang. They say he's sworn everybody to secrecy. Most of the people at the Metropolitan had no idea who he was. "Trixi was in great form. She's about the commonest little beast on the stage. She was dressed in a pink chiffon scarf and a row of pearls as big as marbles. It's an ill wind that blows nobody any good." Jenny sat stiff with misery. She knew that he was trying to make her miserable. She wouldn't believe these ugly tales. She hated him for telling them. Phare offered her his cigarette case. "You were sensible to listen to me, Jenny. He's been brought up to think he owns the earth and everything on it--par- ticularly the women." She longed to say: "I don't believe you." But what was the good? Back in her own little drab room she gave herself up to a storm of weeping. She spent the rest of the day alone. Phare had motored down to Brighton for a dinner engagement with a Hungarian prince, who, he hinted, might have very interesting news to impart to him about Count Saxt. By night Jenny was demoralized, washed out with hours of miserable brooding. Nicholas had gone from her. She had sent him away. She could not bear her life. He would marry the archduthess, and he would amuse himself. That was what Phare had said. She could be noth- ing in his life. There was nothing that she could be. By the time she crept into her bed under the dingy coverlet, racked with longing and with loneliness, she told herself that she would be glad to be a Trixi Almette, if she could only be with him, if he only looked into her eyes and laughed and never thought of her again. On the following evening Jenny received a visit from the Baroness Dora Luini. This time she had to see her in her own room. There was nothing pleasing to the eye in it except herself and a bunch of violets that Phare had given her. She was not looking her best. It had been a trying day. Monday always was. The cinema, the restaurants, the country, the river--all were too vivid in the young ladies' minds. They were mostly inclined to shirk their work and leave it to anybody who would do it. Jenny had done a great deal more than her share, while the other girls stood in groups or in couples, and the all-absorbing "He said to me" and "I said to him" passed from the lips of one to the other. They took no notice of Jenny. How commonplace their own little adventures ANOTHER WOMAN'S LIFE. 557 would have seemed to them, if they had known what secrets were locked away in her breast! They liked her. The more generous among them thought her lovely. But the general feeling was that she was no sport. She had no young man to take her to cinemas and cheap restaurants, and the "Palais de Danse" knew her not. They did not, like Mme. Lacour's young ladies, penetrate into the restaurants where they might have seen her with Marcus Phare. The baroness looked old, Jenny thought. At first she took it for an ordinary visit-- at least, not ordinary, but without any spe- cial purpose. It was kind of the baroness to come. She asked after Jenny's health. She learned about Bertie's death and was very sympathetic. She made some vague general remarks. The conversation flagged, and then Jenny knew that there was something more to expect. "Have you seen Prince Nicholas?" the baroness asked. "Not lately," the girl answered. "But you have seen him? He made me give him your address. He was determined to see you." "Yes, I saw him," Jenny admitted. The baroness lifted a forlorn face. Her shoulders heaved in a helpless way. "Oh, my dear, we're in such trouble! The prince refuses to marry the arch- duchess." Jenny hated herself for the pang of joy that she could not repress. "He has told me so." The precise voice broke in despair. "He has been down to see her imperial highness two or three times. It was the last time. He told me so that I could tell her and we could ar- range that the engagement should be broken off from her side. It is dreadful for me. The archduke has almost lost his mind. I mean, he is childish. It's no good talking to him. He is going rapidly to pieces. He never leaves the war maps now. We can with difficulty get him to eat. So, you see, there's only me. The archduchess doesn't care." "I am very sorry," murmured Jenny. "It must be dreadful for you." "I have come to vou for help." "To me?" "Yes. You are the only person who can help us." "I? But how?" "The prince is fond of you. You can influence him." "How could I possibly influence him?" "The archduchess says so. You see, she has seen him. She is a girl like you are. She knows. She says he is in love with you. She says he doesn't think about anybody but you. There are dreadful stories of his goings on here in London. She says he's doing it because he can't be with you, be- cause you are not the archduchess, as he thought you were. She is sure she knows." "But," faltered Jenny. "I don't under- stand." "You could tell him that he must marry the archduchess. You could influence him. It is his duty. He can't honorably leave her in the lurch. He ought to see that what we did we did in all good faith. He ought to be made to see it." "Does the archduchess want to marry the prince?" Jenny asked. "I don't know that she wants to. But she sees that she must. There is her po- sition. The betrothal is known everywhere. You know the truth. It's useless to pre- tend to you. She has told me that you know. Count Saxt has deserted her. Their marriage is being annulled by the Pope. This marriage with Prince Nicholas is a settled thing. Everybody expects it. All sorts of political complications might arise if it doesn't take place." "What can I do?" asked Jenny. "You can urge him to marry the arch- duchess. You can point out his duty to him. Forgive me--you can point out to him that you can never be anything in his life. Will you not do this?" The poor lady was carried away with her desperate desire. Her plight was piti- ful. In her frail person was concentrated by proxy all the greatness and pride of the house of Rosemark's mighty empire from medieval days. She seemed to be left to lift up the dynasty on her strong, support- ing heart. She pleaded as if for her own honor and her own life. 558 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. "The prince," said Jenny, "knows that I can never be anything in his life." "Think of the empress!" implored the baroness. "The archduchess is thinking of her. Stephanie is selfish enough, Heaven knows, but to save the faintest breath of scandal about her grandmother she is will- ing to marry the prince." "I don't think the prince would listen to me," Jenny said. "You stand in the way. Stephanie is sure of it. He has as much as said so. He loves you. His thoughts are fixed on you. Oh, if only you were engaged to another man! If only he could be persuaded that you could never be anything in his life! If only you were going to marry another man!" Jenny smiled a little bitterly. "But I am not," she said. "And I think the archduchess exaggerates." "She is sure she doesn't. She is con- vinced that if the prince knew definitely that you were out of his reach, things would be different." "He does know it." "But you will help us all the same? You won't refuse? You will see the prince and speak to him?" Jenny felt an angry revolt rise in her. The same utter disregard for her. She was to tear her heart to pieces again, to see the prince again, when she had said good-by to him forever in order to persuade him to marry Stephanie! Her impulse was to refuse point blank. Hot words of wrathful reproach trumbled on her lips. But the baroness's face stopped them. She looked old, shrunken, desperate. "For the empress's sake," she pleaded. From her rich sepulchre the wonderful old lady was demanding service from the girl who had already given so much. "I will do what I can," Jenny said slow- ly. "Oh, but if I had only known! I would never have begun it--never, never!" Sheer agony was in her brown eyes. There were no questions in them. Only stark suffering. "You have been so good," said the baroness helplessly. "Oh, my dear, I do hope that one day you will be very happy!" She recovered herself quickly. She was all eagerness. "How shall we manage about the prince? Do you know where to find him?" "Yes," Jenny said. "He told me he was staying at his embassy. I thought he had gone back to Galmatia, but I heard yesterday that he was still here." "Yes, he's going about with very unde- sirable people, and dreadful women. Oh, and he seemed such a nice young man! Will you write to him, my dear?" "I suppose that will be best. But it will be very difficult. I must think about it. It must seem natural, or he won't take any notice." The baroness rose, gratitude pouring from her lips. "Oh, how I wish you would be sensible and let us do something for you!" she said. "You ought not to be in a room like this. You ought to have pretty things and to enjoy yourself." "I am quite happy as I am," Jenny an- swered. "I have always worked. But you are very kind." "And you will let me know what hap- pens?" "Yes, at once." "Oh, I pray you may be successful!" "I will do my best." Jenny's voice sounded dull. CHAPTER XXIII. JENNIE DEALS HER BLOW. WILL you take me to the Metropoli- tan Club?" Jenny asked Marcus Phare the next day, speaking over the telephone. "Good gracious, yes!" he answered in surprise. "But what ever makes you want to go there? I shouldn't have thought it was your style at all." Curiosity came into his voice. "What is the idea, eh?" "Oh, nothing," she answered carelessly. "I only thought I'd like to go there. I've heard such a lot about it. And I feel dead- ly dull." But she knew that it was not dullness. It was death--the death of joy and hope and youth in her heart. ANOTHER WOMAN'S LIFE. 559 "I know why you want to go," said Phare's voice. She did not mind. She had passed into another world, metaphorically speaking. "I can't promise that he will be there," Phare added, with subtle mockery. "I don't know what you mean," Jenny said. She dressed herself with great care when the time came. She had made herself a frock of black peau de sole, rigorously plain. She was no needlewoman, but she had a sort of instinct for line and drapery, and, though her stitches were clumsy, the effect was good. She had bought the stuff at a special price from her shop. The subdued rich material accentuated the dense white- ness of her skin. Her hair, burnished by much brushing, lay like a crown close to her small head. Its dark gold was almost metallic. Some of her tenderness had gone; its place was taken by a mysterious ex- pression that haunted one. It was unex- pected suffering, and difficult for the casual observer to define. They did not dine at the Metropolitan Club, but went on there afterwards. Over dinner, Phare tried to probe her mind. "It's because you've heard that Prince Nicholas has been at the Metropolitan that you want to go there, isn't it?" "Not entirely," she said. "I'm sure it is. You want to see Trixi Almette. Well, I expect they'll be there all right. They say she gets a new pearl neck- lace every day. I didn't hear anything about Count Saxt," he added. "He seems to have disappeared. I suppose he's made a pretty penny out of this. He was as poor as a church mouse. Jenny listened, hardly hearing. Her mind was fixed on the task ahead of her. The Metropolitan astonished her. It was a very plain looking place; oak panel- ing and plaster ceiling, a comparatively small dancing floor, and two rows of small tables all round. Phare had a table in one of the corners. They sat down and had coffee. The place was almost empty. Phare nodded to sev- eral men. One he introduced to Jenny-- Lord Frederick Gore-Tempest, a middle- aged, open-faced individual with the stamp of country life on every inch of his spare figure. He asked her to dance. She danced by- instinct, and he was a perfect partner. Phare never danced. Jenny appeared quite gay. She had by no means forgotten Bertie; but she had a purpose. Girls in her way of life could not adhere strictly to social rules. To isolate themselves because of mourning would lead many of them to the verge of melancholia. The room filled up. It was what they called a "gala" night. Strings of colored air balloons appeared and were distributed. The little tables were covered with bottles, ordered so as not to clash with the licensing laws. Jenny sat opposite Phare, and danced intermittently with Lord Frederick Gore- Tempest. At midnight the place was packed. Jen- ny was dancing. A couple passed her. She saw a whirl of white tulle skirts and a bril- liant emerald green bow on a mop of tow- colored hair, a vividly painted gamine face, with a snub nose and a broad scarlet mouth, and the strings of enormous pearls that Phare had told her about. Trixi Almette! Her partner was Prince Nicholas. Between them they carried six red and green balloons. Jenny's heart gave a great thud and then seemed to stop beating. Tears rose to her eyes. The sight of him was enough, his handsome face, his reckless eyes, his fly- ing feet. Presently he walked by with another woman, as she sat at the table with Phare and Lord Frederick. He bowed to her with a little frigid smile, and she thought he looked furious. She sat there, not knowing how to get into touch with him. He settled the ques- tion by coming up to her and asking her to dance. Phare was alone with her. He gazed abstractedly at the dancers, as if he was not aware of the young man's pres- ence. Jenny and Nicholas moved away. The prince put his arm round her and they danced as far as the doorway. "There is a room through here," Nicho- 560 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. las said. "Come along! I want to talk to you." It was a small room at the far end of two others. In the daytime it was used as a card room. "What are you doing here, Jenny?" Nicholas asked as he shut the door. "What are you doing?" she answered, smiling. "Enjoying yourself." "You're wrong," he said, his eyes dark and stormy. "I am not enjoying myself. I'm killing time." "Surely you have plenty to do?" "I don't want to do it. What's the mat- ter with you? You're horrid. Jenny, don't you love me any more? Aren't you sorry you were so cruel? You look so adorable to-night." "Please, your royal highness! We agreed that we mustn't say such things. You are going to marry the archduchess." "I'm not going to marry the arch- duchess! I'll never marry any woman but you. There you are, Jenny! If I cannot have you, I'll die a bachelor." He came near to her, masterful, exuber- antly alive. "Oh, no," she said; and she marveled at the coolness of her own voice. "You mustn't think of such things. I don't think you understand. I'm engaged." He looked at her, and inwardly she shiv- ered. "You can't mean that," he said thickly. "Yes, I do. I'm engaged to be married to Mr. Phare, the gentleman I am with to- night." CHAPTER XXIV. FOR THE LAST TIME. THERE followed a short scene that left Jenny shattered and broken, and faced with the end of all things. The prince crushed her in his arms. He pleaded with all the fire and eloquence of his passionate youth. He swore by all he held holy that he would never marry Stephanie or any one else. He implored her to wait--only to wait. They loved each other. Some way must be found. If only she would wait. She must not engage herself to any man. She must not marry. She was his and his alone. She could not be so mad, so wicked as to fling their love aside. His voice was a torrent sweeping her along. Her own replies were thin and spirit- less. And yet she was firm. It could be no good. It could be no good. That was her refrain. He was a prince and she was a manikin. Even if they waited forever and ever, could any- thing come of their love? In the end it maddened him. He grew hard, arrogant, cruel. He flung bitter words in her face. She was selling herself for money. She was no better than the women of the streets. She was only playing with him all the time. She stood passive, humble, distractingly lovely. But she was firm. She did her duty as she saw it. He was a prince. He would one day be a king. It was right that he should marry Stephanie of Rosemark. Her world and his could never touch. In the end his anger overcame even his manners, and he flung himself out of the room, leaving her to find her own way back to the ballroom. Phare was looking for her, and shortly afterward they left. Her last glance showed her Trixi Al- mette in the prince's arms, whirling around like a dervish. There was a look of dis- gust on several faces. Jenny heard a man who did not know the prince mutter: Really, I think they ought to be more careful about letting these foreigners in. They don't know how to behave them- selves." Jenny did not tell Phare of her decision to marry him that night. She could not bring herself to speak the words. But she wrote to him before she went to bed. Dear Mr. Phare: If you still want to marry me, I am willing to be your wife. Yours truly, Jenny Devon. It was clumsy, even ridiculous. But she could think of nothing else to say. 5 A ANOTHER WOMAN'S LIFE. 561 She posted it on her way to business the next morning. He rang her up at the shop before she left and made an appointment for dinner. His eager eyes were shining. There was a little tremor of excitement in his quiet voice as he greeted her. "Thank you, Jenny. That's the nicest letter I've ever had in my life." His manner was as perfect as ever. He talked less than usual and studied her face attentively. "Had last night at the Metropolitan anything to do with it?" he asked her. "What do you mean?" "Were you disgusted with your prince?" "Please, Mr. Phare--" "Mr. Phare! My name is Marcus." "Please, Marcus!" She flushed pain- fully. "I would rather not talk about his royal highness. It is very--very awk- ward for me." "Are you going to see him again?" "No. Why should I?" "That's all right. I believe in keeping out of danger. You really are a very extra- ordinary girl. And now let's make plans for the future." Jenny was firm on one point. She would stay on at her work until the marriage. She did not demur when he suggested a date barely six weeks from then. But she breathed a sigh of pathetic relief when she heard that he was obliged to go over on a flying trip to New York before the cere- mony. He would be away a month in all. It was a blessed respite. She could hard- ly believe her good fortune. He drove her home in his great car. In a quiet and dark Bloomsbury street he took her in his arms and kissed her. She all but cried aloud in her distress. How could she go through with it? The kisses of love had been so lately on her lips, the glad, glorious kisses of youth and romance and passionate surrender. These were the kisses of the man who had bought her--not with money, but with his power to take her out of Prince Nicholas's reach. That was Jenny Devon's price. A week later Marcus Phare sailed. On Jenny's left hand was a magnificent square emerald. She did not wear it in business hours. On the same day she received a letter from the Baroness Dora Luini. I can never thank you. You have behaved faultlessly. If only we could do something for you. All is well here now. I wonder how you managed it. You are as clever as you are kind. H.I.H is behaving beautifully, too. I really believe in the end it will be a success. So Jenny's sacrifice had borne fruit. Evi- dently Prince Nicholas was resigned to mari riage with Stephanie. And she to union with him. It was a success. Everybody was pleased and relieved. There would be no scandal. The empress's memory was safe. Before Jenny the future loomed intoler- able--a dreadful dark river into which she was forced to plunge. She had done what she believed to be the right thing to do. But she found no comfort in it. The next day she saw in a picture paper a photograph of the Archduchess Stephanie and Prince Nicholas receiving a deputation from the Galmatian colony in London. It was announced that the wedding would take place in October. But Fate had not done with Jenny yet. Five days after Marcus Phare sailed, she came back to her lodging on a Saturday afternoon to find a note that her landlady told her had been left by a messenger boy. She opened it and read: I shall be waiting at the end of your street at four o'clock. Please come there. I must see you. It is most important. N. It was Prince Nicholas's handwriting. Jenny felt a queer thrill go through her. What could he want with her now, when everything was going so well? She was a little angry. She felt like some hunted crea- ture. Couldn't he leave her alone? Hadn't he done her enough harm? Miserable, but strangely excited, she went to keep the tryst. Nicholas was just turning the corner from a side street when she reached the appointed place. He wrung her hand without a word. 6 A 562 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. He looked as if he were doing something he hated. "I want you to come back to the castle," he said. "Where can we go and talk?" "Regent's Park," suggested Jenny faint- ly. "I don't understand." "Never mind. Here's a taxi. Get in!" They drove to the gates of the park. It looked beautiful, with its glowing flower beds, and the happy children and all the older folk basking in the sunshine. "Show me a place where there aren't any people," the prince said. Jenny led the way into a secluded walk. There was a seat under some hawthorn trees, and they sat down. "Stephanie has gone again," Nicholas said. "Gone again!" echoed Jenny. "Yes. She's fooled us again. She al- ways meant to." His voice was dark with anger. "For the sake of--well, God knows for the sake of what!--I agreed to go on with the farce. I suppose it was chiefly because you told me it was my duty. We were to be married in October, as you've probably heard. You were lost to me, any- how. so I didn't care. She was supposed to be willing. So I was staying at the castle, and we were ostensibly on the best of terms. And this morning we find that she's gone." "Where?" asked Jenny. "The baroness believes that Saxt has sent for her again. She is evidently infatu- ated. She would go wherever he called her. I suppose I ought to understand that, Jenny. I'd go wherever you called me." "Don't!" the girl exclaimed. His voice, so angry, so hurt, so humiliated, stabbed her to the heart. "The idea is," he went on, "that my aunt, the Queen of Nordland, is over here on a private visit. She is my mother's youngest sister. She is coming to stay at the castle. She arrives to-morrow. We can't put her off. She is coming to meet Stephanie. And Stephanie is not there. So. if you would be so awfully decent as to come back to the castle while she is there--" The young voice trailed off in furious disgust. "You ask me to do this!" said Jenny, hardly believing her ears. "I can't help myself. The baroness wouldn't do it--that's a fact. She is in a dreadful state, poor soul! I said I'd ask you, but I didn't think it would be much good." "Why do you want me to do it?" she asked. "To gain time. My aunt won't stay long." "Is that all?" "Oh!" He laughed with a sort of dis- mal violence. "To be frank because I don't want to look a fool." "How would my coming to the castle prevent that?" "Well, I suppose we could concoct some story--given a little time. We've done it before, haven't we?" "I see. You remember that I am en- gaged to be married?" He nodded. "I'm not likely to forget it. I told the baroness I didn't suppose you'd do it on any account." Mr. Phare is on his way to America," Jenny said. "I don't know whether he'd mind or not. As a matter of fact, he knows all about it." "You told him!" cried the prince accus- ingly. "No. He came with that deputation from the hospital to present the wedding gift. He recognized me then." Suddenly Nicholas clutched her hand. "Is that why you are marrying him?" His eyes glowed. Jenny thought for a moment, and then said slowly: "I am marrying him because I think it is the best thing I can do." "The best! But not the thing you want to do? Oh, Jenny, I can't stand this lying! Are you marrying him because, if you didn't, he might tell?" She could not speak. She hung her head. He gripped her hand until she cried out with pain. "Will you come?" he asked dully. "Yes," she said, equally dully, "I will come. It will be for the last time, won't it, Nicholas?" ANOTHER WOMAN'S LIFE. 563 "For the very last time," he answered gloomily. "We will bury everything that has happened between us, you and I." CHAPTER XXV. ACTING ONCE MORE. BACK to the rouge pot and the powder puff and the lip salve! Back to the beautiful clothes and the ruby ring, that Stephanie had left behind her on her dressing table without a line of comment or farewell. On what mysterious pilgrimage had that strange girl set out? Was it the irresistible call of love? Had the man she had given her heart to the power to draw her after him wherever he went, even after he had shamed and deserted her? Was that the kind of stuff she was made of under her hard, cynical, daring ways? Jenny sent a telegram to the shop where she worked, saying that she was unexpected- ly called away on urgent family matters. It would not matter whether she went back there or not. Nothing mattered--now. Nicholas was just as ready to use her as the rest of them. Between them they would gradually crush the life out of her--to safe- guard their position and their pride. She felt broken, dull, indifferent. Noth- ing mattered now. It felt strange to enter the castle walls again. She drove down by the car, and the great pile looked like a fairy city in the June sunlight, set in the midst of its vast woods of ancient beeches, oaks, and elms. The Archduke Gabriel was confined to his own apartments. His mind was going rap- idly, and he was under constant medical supervision. Jenny saw Prince Nicholas before din- ner. She was all prepared--powder and paint and hair. She had even achieved a smile that felt as if it were nailed to her lips. "His royal highness insists on seeing you alone," said the baroness nervously. She looked as if she had lost her grip on things. Of course, it will be easier for you, won't it, now he knows? But, remember, he may be in a reckless mood. He has been com- pletely fooled this time. We are going to dine in the small dining room belonging to the cedar suite, so you had better see him in the china room. I needn't ask you to be careful. I know you will be." "You needn't be afraid," said Jenny quietly. "His royal highness and I know exactly where we stand." So it was in the little cedar-lined China room of dear and cruel memories that they met. Nicholas was pale. His eyes smoldered. There was a dangerous curve in his lips. His first words to her were abrupt and rude., "I almost hate you with that powder' and paint on your face. To think that you've got to do it because of that-- But I won't offend your ears! I can't speak of her in decent language. It was good of you to come, but I think I hate you for coming. A pretty farce, isn't it? And for the first time the two of us are in it." "You told me that you wished me to come," Jenny said as calmly as she could. "Of course there's nothing else for it. My aunt, the Queen of Nordland, is a bit of a busybody. She would have ferreted everything out. And until I know what's become of that wretched--oh, what's the good? I'm not in the mood to confess that I've been made a fool of. When we've got rid of my esteemed aunt, I shall settle every- thing once and for all." Jenny played nervously with some flowers on a table. He caught her roughly in his arms and kissed her. "Oh!" She put her hand to her lips as if he had hurt her. His strength over- mastered her. It was something she couldn't fight against. "I ought not to be here," she murmured. "If I am to stay, you must--" "Behave!" he put in, with repressed fury. "What mad things you women do! You love me and you know I love you, and you go and promise yourself to another man. What for? To get out of my reach, I suppose. And because this man you are going to marry knows the truth. But you'll never get out of my reach. You love me. You are mine. You'll always be." 564 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. She gave a little sob. "Oh, don't cry!" he exclaimed sardoni- cally. "You'll mess up all that stuff on your face. Don't worry. I'll behave. I understand. You and I are the sport of the gods. And you are spoiling your life for my sake and I can never do anything in return. No doubt I shall get over it. There is plenty of fun to be got out of life." She thought of the "other women," of the Trixi Almettes, and her heart was pierced with jealousy and despair. For him there was "fun." But for her--nothing, noth- ing! Life with Marcus Phare; a life of horror. The Queen of Nordland arrived on the Sunday afternoon. She was on her way south to Galmatia to visit her sister, and she was spending a few days in England, strictly incognito. She was a woman of thirty-five, who looked at least five years younger. She had a clever dark face and beautiful glossy black hair, and she was extremely smart and well turned out. She was a modem woman in every sense of the word. Her country was a very democratic one, which suited her exactly, for she had no patience with court etiquette and loathed ceremonies. From the first she deprecated the endless curtsies and the artificial for- malities of the castle, and laughingly said that it reminded her of a medieval tomb. She was a widow, with three children, and she was the regent during her eldest son's minority. He was a boy of fifteen. She was a great traveler, a brilliant talker, and was known all over Europe for her broad views and her encouragement of edu- cation and of the arts. It was somewhat unkind of Nicholas to call her a busybody, but she was undoubt- edly intensely interested in everything and everybody. And, only too naturally, in the girl her handsome nephew was going to marry." "You must call me nunt Adela," she said to Jenny, when the girl was presented to her. "And we must be great friends." On the day of her arrival she was a little tired: but the next morning she made the girl take a long walk in the park with her. "My sister will want me to tell her all about you," she said in her vivacious voice. "So I must find things out. It was too sad that your grandmother should die just then. But my sister hopes you will be able to go and spend a week or two with her at the end of July in the mountains. And I understand the wedding will probably take place in Galmatia now." Jenny had heard nothing of this, so she did not answer. "Of course, when your grandmother was alive, it was different," the queen went on. "But now, with the poor archduke so ill, it will be more suitable to have the wedding over there." Then followed a volley of questions, to which Jenny replied as best she could. Danger certainly gave her courage. In those ways she always showed herself a thoroughbred. She even achieved a fair imitation of the archduchess's manner, which she kept up, to Prince Nicholas's sardonic amusement when they were all three together, with the baroness and Gen- eral Mortis in attendance. The queen stayed three days, and went on two long motor trips with them. She constantly urged them to take more exer- cise. "You ought to play golf and tennis, you two. Stephanie has quite a drawn look. Because you're in mourning it's no good ruining your health. And I hear she has even given up riding. I call that stupid. The atmosphere of this house is positively archaic." Nicholas did all the prevaricating, and he did it remarkably well. His aunt, who had not seen him for several years, was evident- ly very much taken with him. He's the sweetest thing," she said to Jenny. "I think you're very lucky, my dear. With people like us it is such a toss up. And he's lucky, too. I must say that. You ought to make a splendid thing out of life. I wonder," she added irrelevantly, "why you make up so much? You're such a lovely girl--it doesn't seem necessary. Didn't your grandmother object?" "No," said Jenny. She spoke truthfully enough, though it was but a guess on her part. The late empress, in spite of her auto- ANOTHER WOMAN'S LIFE. 565 cratic nature, had been extraordinarily in- dulgent to Stephanie, probably because she was the only child of her best beloved son. The queen went to London for a couple of days, and then came back to Argar Castle for a day and a night before leaving for Galmatia. Nicholas was to follow in about a week's time. The queen took Jenny into her beautiful tapestried chamber, with the priceless lacquer and gilt furniture, and the old Venetian mirrors and chandelier of the unique golden glass. "I want a little chat with you," she said. "I've been hearing things about Nicholas in London. There is rather an unpleasant feeling up there. He's been racketing about too much, it seems. Of course, one knows young men do, whatever their station in life, but apparently he's been a little too open about it. You must keep him in order, my dear. I'm not going to ask you whether you're really in love with him. It would be cheek. And you probably wouldn't tell me. But such a lot depends upon you. Any one can see that he's crazy about you." Jenny started, and looked at the queen in dismay. "Oh, yes, any woman could see it with both eyes shut," repeated the queen. "But I'm not so sure about you. And that's rath- er dangerous--for Nicholas." She changed the subject abruptly. It chanced that that evening Nicholas and Jenny were alone in the billiard room. The girl showed a natural aptitude for the game, and the prince made a good in- structor. The Queen of Nordland had dined in her own rooms, pleading a headache. Jenny and Xicholas. with the suites in attendance, had got through theirs as quickly as possible. The strain on the principal actors was im- mense. Coming out of the billiard room when the game was finished, Nicholas switched off the lights. The great corridor was dim- ly lighted with candles, and, with one of his irresistible impulses, he put his arms round the girl and kissed her. "Jenny, my Jenny, how can we go on playing this game?" he whispered. "You know when I'm hateful to you it's just be- cause I can't bear it." The girl lay for a moment passive before she realized that everything had changed. The touch of his lips had brought back for an instant the old feeling of incredible hap- piness. And just then it happened that the Queen of Nordland came along the corridor and saw them. Xicholas was equal to that situation, as well as any other. He laughed and drew Jenny's arm through his, and addressed the queen with engaging bonhomie. You've caught us billing and cooing, Aunt Adela! Promise you won't tell!" The next morning the queen told Jenny how glad she was she had surprised that little scene. "You mustn't mind, my dear. It was so human. Young people should make love. Somehow I was a little afraid about you. But now I'm not at all." Before she left there was another inci- dent that made things more difficult than ever. It seemed as if this play acting were doomed to publicity. It was a feast day of the church. A procession of children from the schools and from the household had been organized by the priests to make a circuit of the castle, and the Queen of Nordland asked Nicholas and Jenny to walk down to the entrance gates with her to see it before her car left for the coast to catch the boat. How could they refuse? It was a beautiful sight, the long line of white clad children with rose wreaths on their hair, holding lighted tapers in their little hands, and singing lustily; and the priests in their robes and the banners and the swinging censers and the great silver cross. There was a crowd of people on the green opposite the castle gates. Motor cars and bicycles and pony traps were halted. The queen insisted on crossing the moat; and going right out through the massive gates. When the procession had passed, the crowd respectfully saluted the royalties. Then a cinematograph operator appeared and very modestly pleaded to be allowed 566 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. to transfer the movements of the royal party to his film. The queen, in her genial way, gave him instant permission. Nicholas and Jenny were helpless. And so they all three moved about like puppets for his benefit. The operator went away, beaming, en- slaved by her majesty's condescension and charm. Nicholas was cursing inwardly. And Jenny was wondering hopelessly how it was all going to end. "I believe in encouraging these people," the queen said. "You young people are so shy. It doesn't cost us anything, and it does them a lot of good." She laughed merrily. "You two looked positively wretched! And Nicholas fiddled with his tie!" "He always does," said Jenny, feeling that if something did not relieve the tension she would have to shriek. "I feel such an idiot," the prince admit- ted, laughing. "I'm not a beautiful girl, like Stephanie," he added wickedly. She met his eyes. Her head was in a whirl. How could he be so gay, so careless? She was on the verge of hysteria. She could not get used to this position. During the next day or two, all over the country, her face and figure would be flashed on the screen as the Archduchess Stephanie. She had been taken side by side with Nicholas walking through the castle archway; and between Nicholas and the Queen of Nord- land, watching the tail end of the proces- sion. In nearly every cinema in the land the audiences would gaze on her, as she had gazed on the real archduchess during the run of the Argar Vale. The children's shrill, sweet voices in the distance mocked her intolerably, as they walked back through the great stone court- yard to where the queen's car was waiting. CHAPTER XXVI. TERRIBLE TIDINGS. THERE was no news of Stephanie. The same people were searching for her. Jenny could see that the baroness had lost heart. "What are we to do?" she exclaimed, wringing her hands. "What are we to do?" But there was no news forthcoming. Prince Nicholas had gone to London again for a few days. He was coming back, for form's sake, to take his leave of the archduchess before he returned to Galma- tia. This will be the end," the baroness said, tears streaming down her face. "It will all have to come out. We shall not be able to keep it a secret." "Why not?" Jenny tried to console her. "After all, if it has gone too far, when the archduchess comes back, you can give out that she has broken off the engagement." "But think of the talk, the scandal! People in her station of life don't break off their engagements. And things would be sure to leak out. And how do we know that she will come back?" "She must," said Jenny. "She must." But she was by no means convinced. Things certainly looked very dark. The girl's kind heart bled for the poor lady in waiting, who had become an heroic figure in her eyes. Never, it seemed to her, had a woman borne such a heavy burden and got so little thanks. The prince came back. They faced each other, he and Jenny, in the little china room of many memories, after dinner. He was leaving by the morn- ing boat. This was realty the end. "I don't hate you so much for fooling me," the prince said, "as I hate you for throwing me over." "That is nonsense," said Jenny. She was determined to be brave and calm. "You ought not to be able to marry another man," he insisted. "I know you are doing it for my sake. I hate you for it, and I adore you for it. But you ought to have waited." "What for?" she asked. "Oh, I don't know," he answered impa- tiently. "But something might have turned up. As it is, I am going home, and we shall never meet again. You will be the wife of a rich man you don't love. You will wear jewels and eat rich meals and ANOTHER WOMAN'S LIFE. 567 grow fat. Bah! It makes me sick. It makes me mad." Jenny looked at him. She tried to make her eyes hard. "In plain English," she asked, "what could I have been to you?" "In plain English," he answered angrily, "I don't know. But you needn't have been in such a hurry. You've left me with noth- ing." "You can have your 'fun,' she reminded him out of the bitterness of her heart. "It is very much overrated," he an- swered grimly. He came near to her. Jenny, this is good-by!" She broke down quite suddenly. The strain was too much. She sobbed convul- sively as he caught her in his arms. "Do you love me?" he whispered. "Don't ask me! Don't ask me! I can't stand any more." He stroked her hair. "Poor little girl. It's a shame. They brought you into this. It wasn't your fault. Just because you were good natured and looked like Stephanie. I've been rather a brute to you. Pure selfishness. I wanted you so. But you'll be much better off. It's quite true. I haven't anything to offer you. Good-by, Jenny--good-by!" They clung together. Outside, in a group of ash trees near the moat, a nightingale was singing, bursting his heart with joy. The baroness came into the room. She was walking very funnily. Jenny gave a gasp as she and Nicholas sprang apart; and the prince went to the baroness's assistance. What is the matter?" he asked. The archduchess is dead," said the lady in waiting. The words fell on the rose scented room like a mysterious, unsubstantial weight. In the ash grove the nightingale went on burst- ing his little heart with song. Prince Nicholas dropped the baroness into a chair. She sat rocking herself to and fro in silent anguish. "Tell us what you mean, madame," said Nicholas impatiently. "The archduchess is dead," repeated the lady in waiting. "Monsignor Stellaria, her confessor, has just arrived. He looks like death himself. He went in search of her the other day, just as he went before to Constantinople. He has more influence over her in a way than anybody else. She had only got as far as Paris. He found her there--in a poor lodging. She had gone to that dreadful man, as I feared. He had met her in Paris. "Nobody knew who they were. They were about to move on somewhere else when --when she caught cold, and pneumonia set in, and she died. She had never really got over her illness in Constantinople. When Monsignor Stellaria got to the house, which he discovered through an old servant who was with him and happened on the place by chance, he found that Count Saxt had shot himself on her dead body." Jenny shuddered. Nicholas stood, pale and obviously moved. "Monsignor Stellaria managed to quiet the suspicions of the police," the baroness went on. li He described them both as members of her late majesty's household, gave false names, and arranged everything. They are bringing her back here for burial." "When did it happen?" asked the prince. "A week ago." "As long as that!" "Yes, a week ago. She has been dead a week, and we didn't know." The poor lady was on the verge of faint- ing. Nicholas went out to get her some water. When she had revived a little. Jen- ny helped her to her rooms. There she clung to the girl, sobbing hys- terically. "Oh, my dear, there is something more dreadful still! The archduchess was de- mented. She must have been! She wrote to Saxt, telling him that she would commit suicide if he didn't allow her to return to him. Monsignor Stellaria found the letter in the count's pocket. It is a terrible letter. I have taken on myself to burn it. Evident- ly he told her to meet him in Paris. Oh, but he behaved shamefully! He actually took money from Monsignor Stellaria's agents to desert her. I suppose I oughtn't to speak like this-- he is dead, too! Re- 568 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. morse came to him in the end. May he find mercy in heaven!" She crossed herself. Jenny was crying quietty. It was such a pitiful story. The baroness was a tragic figure. She had given her life in the service of this great family, and she was seeing it crumble to pieces before her eyes--the former empress dead, the archduchess dead, the Archduke Gabriel with his reason gone! Truly the mighty were fallen! And in the frail per- son of Dora Luini there still lived the pas- sion of loyalty, and in her heart and brain was the determination to uphold their pride and greatness and their unsullied honor be- fore the world. "Nobody knows," she said when she re- covered herself. "Monsignor Stellaria has behaved with genius. The world will never know of her terrible end. She will be brought here and buried quietly, and we can announce her death in a fitting manner. It will be quite easy to understand that we couldn't have a grand funeral with the arch- duke in this condition." "Yes," said Jenny. "I am glad that the world will not have to know." So the hour of her freedom had struck. Which was also the hour of her bondage. For Nicholas would go home, and another bride would be found for him. And she must keep her word and marry Marcus Phare. Some one knocked at the door. It proved to be General Mortis. "His royal highness requests that you and Miss Devon will come at once to the library," he said to the baroness. "He is there with Monsignor Stellaria. They have something of great importance to say to you." The two women went down. Nicholas was standing with his back to the fireplace. Monsignor Stellaria, a mid- dle-aged man, of frail and ascetic appear- ance, sat in an armchair. His cheeks were like snow, and his thin hands lay like old ivory on his black cassock with the touch of wine red about the collar. He wore a skull cap on his head, and scanty iron gray hair escaped from under it. Nicholas asked the ladies to be seated. "Have you thought about this compli- cation?" he asked. "I wish to warn you at once that we shall have to be very care- ful. The archduchess was dead two days before my Aunt Adela left the castle. My aunt will tell my mother all about her. She was dead on the day when my aunt, Miss Devon and I went to watch the procession. That night in London we three were shown on the screen at the picture houses. The archduchess was already dead." The baroness gave a cry of horror and covered her face with her hands. Jenny looked vaguely from one to the other, mur- muring: "I don't understand." The prince looked at the monsignor. "Will your reverence explain?" he asked. The priest inclined his head, and ad- dressed the baroness in a voice full of gentle music. "Our first consideration must be to safe- guard the archduchess's honor," he began. "I am sure we are all agreed about that. As his royal highness has explained, the archduchess was actually dead at the time his aunt, the Queen of Nordland, was here, and when the features of this young lady were flashed on the screen of the cinemas as representing her imperial highness. This places us in a most delicate position. It means that we can never make public the real date of the archduchess's death without confessing that we had provided a substi- tute when she ran away with Count Saxt." Dead silence greeted this obvious truth. "It is not only ourselves and his royal highness who are involved, but also the dead -- the memory of her late imperial majesty, and by inference the honor of His Imperial Highness the Archduke," went on the suave voice. "To allow this story to Teach the public ear would do irreparable harm, inestimable damage." "What can we do?" asked the baroness despairingly. "What is the good of keep- ing it up? His royal highness cannot marry Miss Devon." "I suggest that we gain time," said the priest. "I am a little afraid of the rela- tions of Count Saxt. They may cause trouble. I wish to deal with them myself. ANOTHER WOMAN'S LIFE. 569 Let us try to see this matter from some other standpoints--for instance, from that of the Queen of Nordland. It would be an unnecessary shock to give her majesty-- that the young lady she saw so blooming and happy here should have died within a day or so of her departure. It would be asked why we did not cancel the film, which I understand is still being shown. We should find it very difficult to answer these questions--very difficult indeed." "Tell your plans, monsignor," suggested Nicholas. He looked grave. And no wonder. Here was a situation which, unless handled with all skill, might cause the moral collapse not only of his own family, but of that of Rose- mark. "I suggest that his royal highness should go home to-morrow, as was intended," said the priest. "I suggest that Miss Devon should be good enough to stay on here for another few days--perhaps a week, per- haps more. We can then, in due course, announce the peaceful death of the arch- duchess and hold a quiet funeral service. And Miss Devon can then be free once more to live her own life, followed by our undying gratitude and fervent blessings." "Count Saxt's people?" queried Nich- olas shortly. "Your royal highness, I think I can deal with them," replied Monsignor Stellaria, who was showing himself undoubtedly as much a diplomat as a churchman. "What we need above all things is a few days in which to adjust ourselves--to be quite sure that we have left no loose ends, that the Paris police were absolutely satisfied." Nicholas looked at Jenny. "What do you say, Miss Devon?" he asked formally. The girl answered in confusion: "I cannot stay long--really I cannot. And, as the baroness says, what good would it do?" "A fortnight at the most," replied the soothing voice of the priest. I guarantee that we shall have disposed of this most sad difficulty by then." "Very well," Jenny said despondently. She reckoned that would still give her a day or two before Marcus Phare came back. There seemed to be no end to it. De- ceit followed on deceit, lie on lie, linked in an endless chain. CHAPTER XXVII. CONFESSION. SO it was arranged. Jenny found her- self transferred to Monsignor Stellaria for instruction. It appeared that he had to proceed on the continent at once to get into touch with the relatives of Count Saxt. The archduchess's plain coffin arrived on the following night and was laid secretly in the family vault. Only six people knew the truth. All that was wanted of Jenny was to stay in the castle in case any urgent occa- sion should arise for the archduchess to be seen. The priest did not anticipate it, but always one had to be prepared. He im- plored her to behave as she had always done. He relied absolutely on her and on the baroness. Jenny did not see Prince Nicholas again before he left. He sent her a note, worded in terms of grave tenderness. It was no time to speak of love, she knew, and yet it chilled her. For the first time she seemed to feel that he was resigned to lose her. No doubt this terrible tragedy had made him see things in a different light. Monsignor Stellaria left the clay after the prince. That morning the baroness collapsed and had to take to her bed. Jenny was left to her own devices. Gen- eral Mortis and the Countess Grioch were in attendance on her. The general was el- derly and kind, but too perturbed to carry on ordinary conversation; and the countess was a very timid little old lady, who treat- ed the girl as if she were afraid of her. So she was entirely alone. She visited the baroness in her rooms after lunch. Then a message was brought that the archduke wanted to see her. She found him quite childish, and very much aged and withered. There were two at- tendants with him. He smiled vacantly at her and stroked 570 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. her hair, and led her to his big table with the war maps on it; and he began to throw the toy soldiers on to the floor, and she picked them up for him. It was a saddening experience. The great house was like a tomb. She decided to go for a walk. The park was very vast. She followed one of the wide grass rides that stretched as far as the eye could see, and found herself in the woods. Then she walked right round the inner walls, and came back through the formal gardens and the wonderful rose gar- dens and the huge clipped yew walks to the stone courtyard. At the entrance doors of the castle she saw a motor car drawn up. She went on, not daring to turn back lest she had been observed. As she reached the steps, a stout lady was getting out of the car. She was fair and rather florid. She was dressed in dark traveling clothes. Another lady descended behind her. There were several servants grouped be- hind General Mortis, who was awaiting the lady. He went forward to meet her and bowed very low over her hand. Jenny heard him say, "Your majesty." She did not know what to do. This was evidently another queen. No royal per- sonage had been expected. The old soldier looked perturbed. Jenny sent him a despairing glance. Just then the stout lady turned and caught sight of her. General Mortis mut- tered something almost unintelligible. Jenny mechanically made a curtsy; and the next thing she knew was that she was clasped to the stout lady's breast, and a jolly voice that exactly suited the pleasant, rather homely face was exclaiming: "Oh, this, of course, is Stephanie! My dear, I knew you at once from your photo- graph! But you are even prettier than I thought possible! Lucky Nicholas! And isn't it a shame that I have missed my boy. I heard that he left only yesterday. We must have crossed each other some- where--I expect in Paris." Jenny wanted to sink through the earth, as she realized that this was Nicholas's mother. Yes, my sister Adela gave such a glow- ing account of you," the queen went on. "And I had to come to Paris on an unex- pected visit to a very old and dear friend, who is lying ill. So I couldn't resist the temptation of having a peep at my future little daughter, and I rather hoped my boy would still be here to take me back. But never mind! You'll put me up for the night, and we can have a cozy chat to- gether about Nicholas." Jenny did not know how the next few moments passed. It seemed an eternity before she could bring herself to speak, but, as a matter of fact, very little was re- quired of her. The Queen of Galmatia was a most voluble lady, and her kind heart, shining in her kind face, proclaimed the fact that she found Jenny everything that was to be desired. Between them, Jenny and General Mortis explained the position--that the archduke was not in a state to receive her majesty; that they hoped she would forgive them for not being prepared for her visit and would overlook any shortcomings. But the queen was not difficult to please. While the state rooms were hastily pre- pared. she devoured her tea with a great appetite, and she hoped they would dine quite cn jumille and not make any fuss about her at all. Her lady-in-waiting was a good-looking, placid young woman, who sat smiling and saying very little. Many words were prob- ably never required of her. The queen was conducted to her rooms by Jenny. The girl would have left her, but she was not allowed to. "Just go into that beautiful room next door," said her majesty, "and wait for me while I wash my hands and slip into an- other gown, and then we'll have a talk." Jenny was obliged to comply with this request, which was virtually a command. She stood like a statue by one of the great latticed windows while she waited, looking over the formal terraced gardens with their carpets of brilliant flowers. They were chiefly red and orange flowers, and re- minded her of fire and blood. The queen came in. She looked much younger without her hat. rather like a lumpy, overgrown, fair-haired girl. ANOTHER WOMAN'S LIFE. 571 She came up to Jenny and gave her an- other affectionate hug. "Just to see you is to love you," she said. Then something snapped in Jenny's head. Everything she had been told went out of her mind. She forgot convention and expediency; she forgot the archduch- ess's honor and the empress's memory and Nicholas's pride. She only knew that this could not go on. She could not and would not deceive Nicholas's mother. She fell on her knees and began to sob out her story. The queen stared at her blankly. "I am not the Archduchess Stephanie," said Jenny, brokenly. "I am Jenny De- von--I was a manikin. The archduchess ran away, and they made me come here to take her place. They say I am exactly like her. And now she is dead. And you are Nicholas's mother, and I can't--I can't lie to you!" "This can't be true!" cried the amazed lady. "My poor child, you must be mad!" "It is true--indeed, it is true!" The queen bent and pulled Jenny to her feet. "You must begin again, if you are sure you are telling me the truth." Jenny gave a cry as the door opened and Prince Nicholas came in in traveling clothes, his cap in his hand. He looked from one to the other, then said quietly: "So the cat's out of the bag!" Jenny went on sobbing. She could not control herself. The prince came over and took her hand. "You have told my mother the truth," he said. "Why did vou do that?" "I could not do anything else," she an- swered, suddenly calm. "I could not lie to your mother." "How did you get here, my boy?" the queen asked. "Oh, but I am glad you have come! My head is whirling. This story is too fantastic for me to grasp." "I heard this morning in Paris that you had passed through," he answered. "So I went to the British Embassy, and they kindly wired for a gunboat to take me over the water. I was afraid of this as soon as I heard that you were in this country. It is a pity you had to know, mother mine. I am sorry. Our deception was almost over. We were all going back to our own lives." He gave a sad little smile. "But you must not blame Jenny. I can't allow that." "I can't understand," cried the queen. "I haven't taken it in." Jenny had undoubtedly been incoherent. Nicholas now told the story in simple, di- rect words. His mother listened in silence, and her face grew grave. "Since you have forgiven the deception, Nicholas," she said, when he had finished, "there's nothing for me to say. But how do you expect to get out of this fearful muddle? Of course, nothing must leak out. It would be a frightful scandal. We should all suffer--the innocent as well as the guilty. It would do more harm than good." It was the same spirit that they all dis- played, thought Jenny, though now with- out bitterness. They stood together. The honor of one royal house was the honor of all the others. "And it would not bring the poor girl back to life," concluded the queen. TO BE CONCLUDED NEXT WEEK IF I DREAM YOU LIFE, they say, is a little sleep. Perhaps it's true; Well, I shan't mind, if in the sleep I may dream you! Mary Carolyn Davies . Bondage By  JOHN SCARRY JOHN FERGUSON was to leave Sura- baya. Only that morning the Pennsyl- vania Oil Company had ordered him to Singapore, there to be assistant general manager of the Malayan Territory. The first one to know about his good fortune was Mary Campbell. Mary was the daughter of old Jock Campbell, director in Surabaya of the Straits &amp; Java Bank. To-day, after office hours, Ferguson had picked her up at her home and whisked her out to Goonoong Sari for a round of golf. The evening was incomparable. By the time the sun's rays were slanting from beyond tall tamarinds to the west the man and girl had finished nine holes. They were now refreshing themselves with ginger beer on the clubhouse veranda. There was something delightful about Mary Campbell. She was not beautiful, perhaps, but Ferguson had come to see more than beauty in her wholesome good looks. Glowing with perfect health, in sweater and tweed skirt, golfing brogues and thick wool stockings, she was like a breath of the good wind that sweeps across Scotch heather. Needless to say, Ferguson had long since fallen in love with her. He had never confessed his love, how- ever, and as a man of honor he was sure in his mind he never would. Nevertheless, his voice held a strange eagerness. Mary Campbell listened breathlessly; a soft cry of genuine gladness leaped to her lips. Coloring swiftly she offered her hand across the scarred teak table. For a moment her fingers rested firmly in Fer- guson's. Firmly--and the contact ran through the man like an electric shock. Nothing extraordinary in that, to be sure. Things had been that way with Ferguson these many months. But sud- denly, miraculously, it was as though he now had vision to see deep below the sur- face. to observe the true feeling that lay behind the girl's congratulations. What he discovered was overwhelming. Mary Campbell returned his love! Her interest paralleled his own. 572 BONDAGE. 573 Ferguson knew he was not mistaken. True, other than that first mounting flush, she gave no outward sign; there was cer- tainly nothing more than comradely re- joicing in her regard. Yet the man knew. He was convinced as he was of anything in this world that he need only step around the table and he could take his love into his arms. But he made no move. And presently, as he walked beside the girl down to where his chauffeur was wait- ing with the car, Ferguson's brain was in a painful tumult, torn by conflict. He thrilled in every fiber with the wonder of his knowledge; and he struggled desperately against the happiness that possessed him. For, chilling him with the truth of its pro- test, was an inward voice arguing that the situation was unspeakably tragic. II. Nine years previously, when he was twenty-one, Ferguson had come out to Java. A raw, bewildered youth at the time, more than a little terrified at the prospect of working for Yankees. An uncle, employed in Calcutta by the Penn- sylvania Oil Company, had got the young fellow his chance. Following a Surabaya custom of those days--and of to-day for that matter--two men from the office came down to meet their new colleague at the dock. The two men were Americans, self-confident, friend- ly. They had not been very long in the country, but they knew the business of welcoming. First, with speed to the Oranje Hotel to hustle Ferguson into clean white drill; and half an hour later found all three of them moored to the marble of the Sim- pang Bar. Ferguson was a Scotchman, but never before that night had he seen Scotch whisky handled so recklessly. In the morning the two Americans, fresh as though nothing had happened, breezed into the hotel again to rouse Ferguson out of bed. Ferguson gazed at them mourn- fully: felt moved to announce the unswerv- ing probity of his future conduct. But the Americans only laughed at his headache and scoffed at his remorse. Still laughing, they escorted the sufferer downtown to the office. Charlie Wells, popularly known through- out the Far East as the Bald-headed Eagle, was then Surabaya manager for the Penn- sylvania; and despite the dullness of Fer- guson's morning head, the young Scot could see how well the nickname fitted. Charlie Wells had the keen look of an eagle. "You'll do two years here in the office," said he, coming to business without great delay; "at least two years. Make it less if you can. Depends on how quickly you can learn the language." "Malay, sir," ventured Ferguson hope- fully. He was bent on making a good first impression. Charlie Wells snorted. "Hell, no! You'll learn that, or starve. Malay's a cinch. You'll pick it up from your boy in three months' time. But Dutch is a different proposition. I can't send you travelling until you're pretty good at it. You'll need it. Of course the Dutch- men you'll meet at the club can all speak English, but in business you'll run into plenty who can't. Half-castes, most of 'em; you'll insult 'em if you spring Malay. So Dutch is the thing: and you'll need a teacher." The Bald-headed Eagle swung around in his chair. "Miss van der Bent!" A girl, of whom Ferguson had been vaguely aware, turned from a row of steel letter-files across the office. The young fellow watched her approach. She was such a girl as he never before had seen. Brown skinned; so she must be a native, a Javanese, he thought. But she was dressed in European clothes--and her name was van der Bent. Could she be Dutch--with that coloring, and those queer eyes? Then he remembered. Why, of course! Here was one of those half-castes Mr. Wells had mentioned. Odd looking--good look- ing, the boy decided. Good looking hardly described her. Just then, perhaps, Jacqueline van der Bent was not the dazzling creature she was later to become. Hers was not the beauty to show 574 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. to best advantage in simple office garb. But the beauty was there--in ambush. She was tall, slender, and her young body was full-ripe, with an indolent, supple grace- fulness which called up visions of sensuous native dances. She had long, thick, wavy black hair, limpid dark eyes that slanted alluringly toward her straight nose; she had tiny sensitive hands and small feet. And her skin was not brown; far from it. Ferguson was afterward to look upon it as the color of pale gold, of mellowed ivory, the color which replaces in the Orient the lily-white of western poetry. Now, however, he only stared in some curiosity: and Mr. Wells spoke to the girl in English. "Who teaches Dutch around here, Miss van der Bent? Whom do we always get?" "Why, I could not say," she answered. "We have not had the occasion to employ a Dutch teacher since I am here. Mr. Conant and Mr. Parry have learned a little Dutch already--in Semarang. And Mr. Hagenberg, of course, is a Hollander." Jove! She spoke English well--with a hint of twisty accent that was strangely entrancing. Must be a half-caste of the better sort. "H'm, that's right, too," Mr. Wells was saying. "Well, look it up, will you? You can find out from some of those old vouch- ers in the storeroom. Try two years ago. Mr. Ferguson here's got to have a Dutch teacher." Of a sudden Ferguson actually felt the girl's regard. It might have been cool, im- personal. so far as she was concerned: but the survey of those dark eyes had the in- stant effect of fire in the boy's blood. Then Jacqueline van der Bent flashed a brief smile toward the Bald-headed Eagle. "If you are willing, sir, and if Mr. Fairguson is willing, I would teach Mr. Fairguson Dutch. I have time to spare, after office, and I have done teaching." Charlie Wells looked interested. And he probably knew no reason why his subordi- nate should be unwilling--which, indeed, Ferguson was not. "Why, that's fine, Miss van der Bent: that's just the thing. All right; you'll look out for Mr. Ferguson. The company pays, of course. Go along with her, Ferguson, and fix it up. And remember, I'll be get- ting reports on how you study." Ferguson went along. If Mr. Wells had suggested that he go find a raging orang- utan and learn monkey-talk from the beast, he would have gone just the same. III. That was how it began. The rest is an old story--in the East. In America, very likely, a book of many chapters would hardly suffice to bring about understanding. In that book there would have to be a chapter describing the effect on Ferguson of perfumed Javanese nights, of palm trees glistening in white moonlight, of exotic sounds and songs filtering into the bare room where the boy sat studying. For he held to his vow to shun the Simpang Bar. There would have to be a chapter setting forth the deliberate intent of a girl who was centuries wiser than any twenty-one year old Scotchman, a girl whose whole traditional ambition was a white husband. And there would have to be a chapter on lonesomeness. Especially a chapter on lonesomeness. A lonesome land, Java. Its lonesome- ness for Ferguson was inescapable, throt- tling him like the Old Man of the Sea, even on the rare occasions when he found himself in crowds. He was twenty-one, and his home life had been sheltered, loving, a trifle strait-laced. He needed a little sympathy, a little beauty of thought, a little innocent excitement perhaps, and the companion- ship of warm-hearted humanity. He encountered everywhere, instead, the callousness that is all the East. He married Jacqueline van der Bent after he had known her six months. It was easy for Jacqueline. She wanted a white hus- band. and here was one at hand. Six months of Dutch lessons: six months of dainty half-oriental tenderness, of spark- ling white-toothed laughter, and of a warm pulsing body leaning close to Ferguson's as she made corrections on his paper. He struggled against it. to be sure, but he struggled blindly, not knowing the strength of his adversary; and he struggled BONDAGE. 575 in solitude. In the end he would have gone through hell's fire for touch of Jacqueline's hand. Still, because the Pennsylvania Oil Com- pany forbade its young men to take wives before they had completed their first three years in the East, he married her secretly. Jacqueline did not care. She could afford to wait for social prestige. Giving up her position at the office, she settled down with Ferguson to simple housekeeping in a small secluded villa. No one ever found out about her. So far as the English-speaking colony knew, Ferguson lived alone. His fellows, failing a dozen times to drag him again to their festivities, finally put him down as a queer bird. They let it go at that. And the boy was deliriously happy. Jacqueline, along with her compelling beauty, was lighthearted as a child. To the lonely and reserved young fellow she be- came a source of never-ending joy. It never occurred to him that she was now, for the first time in her life, having leisure to find her true self. Naturally, living as he did, Ferguson learned Dutch with considerable rapidity. Fourteen months after his arrival in Sura- baya he was pronounced ready for the road. The Bald-headed Eagle praised him out- spokenly. "You're as good as an American, John! Never believed you Englishmen had it in you." "Englishmen!" Ferguson retorted hotly. "Read your atlas, man. I'm from Dundee." Charlie Wells laughed. "And you're going to Celebes and Borneo!" Celebes and Borneo. On the map the islands of the Eastern Indies lie pretty well bunched; but only on the map. Actually, it takes longer to go from Sura- baya to Menado than from New York to Honolulu. Ferguson found some of his outlying markets a full five weeks' journey away from headquarters. But he had to go; and he had to go alone. His salary would not permit Jac- queline to accompany him. Nor did he dare to take her. Not that there was any reason why he should hesitate about leaving her behind. Her love, he knew full well, was every bit as steadfast as his own! Six months at the most; he would be working his head off--for Jacqueline. And Jacqueline would be counting the days until he returned. So he went away. Celebes and Borneo. Long sweltering days on greasy tropical rivers, fever-ridden nights in mountain towns, pleadings and arguments with apathetic Chinese agents, weeks of waiting for tardy steamers. And if, in Samarinda, or Toli Toli, or Gorontalo, Ferguson ran into cynical Americans and Britishers who spoke scornfully of half-castes, swore to their inconstancy, he simply laughed to him- self and knew such men to be fools. After ten months he returned to Sura- baya. Jacqueline was nowhere to be found. Ferguson heard of her three times before he saw her again, although each time he raced after her in horrified, dazed increduli- ty. She was seen in Malang with a rich Armenian, in Semarang with a Dutch sugar planter, and in Tosari with Stapleton of Stapleton &amp; Moore, whose wife was visiting her parents in San Francisco. But always as Jacqueline van der Bent. Ferguson's name was never involved. He heard of her only by chance, casually; and each time he raced after her, hot thoughts of murder rioting in his brain. But he never caught up with her; and gradually his fury died. Jacqueline's defection was too gross. He could not commit murder-- for such as she. Stricken to the soul, when at last he saw her in Surabaya, he tried only to dodge a meeting. Jacqueline saw him, however, and came to him. Came to him in lighted foyer of the Royal Bioscope, where her treacherous beauty shone full upon him. But he did not see it. The moment was so unreal, so unworldly, that he questioned his own ex- istence. Absolute abstraction held him. Jacqueline spoke to him, and was gone; and after a long time he remembered prom- ising to call on her the following afternoon at the Oranje Hotel. He went there at tea-time. Jacqueline was alone, waiting for him. The only diff- 576 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. erence was in the clothes she now possessed; but they were enough to transform her completely. Dazzling, dazzling--God, she was beautiful! She was very frank about the situation, frank and matter-of-fact. She was sorry --"sorry like hell, John Fairguson!" She had thought she wanted a husband, but those months alone had taught her differ- ently. She wanted wealth, jewels, luxury, line clothes. Very certainly, she did not want a poor husband. "But you've got me," was his dull reply. She flashed a startled glance from her narrow eyes. "You would not have me come back!" "No," he said; "no, not that." "Then you must divorce me. Be sure I shall do nothing to prevent." She leaned forward with a touch of the tenderness he knew so well. "Do that, John Fairguson, and put me out of your mind--altogether. I am worth nothing else." Put her out of his mind! That was easy. He had already put her out of his mind as completely as he would forget a snake slain on his threshold and tossed out for the boys to bury. But divorce-- The company would probably overlook his infraction of the rule now that the affair was ended. Nothing to fear from that quarter. A divorce, however, Ferguson knew, could never be managed with any- thing like the secrecy that had attended their marriage. His mind shrank from the prospect of publicity. The considerations which had held his hand from revenge now filled him with abhorrence at the thought of court proceedings. The situation was too vile. He could never lend his name to such a thing. "No," he said bitterly; "count me out. Do as you please in the future. You'll never see me again." And the next day war blazed out all over Europe. IV. Ferguson took the first ship home from Surabaya. For four years he did his reck- less best to have his head shot off. But in November, 1918, he could boast a trunkful of decorations and not a single scar. Demobilized, he still had to live. A good position offered in London, and he took it. He had held it about three weeks, when he began to realize that he was torturing himself. Every time he looked upon some straightforward English girl the knowledge of what he had thrown away stabbed like a knife into his vitals. Only one thing to do, then. If his tale was told, if he had lived his life before he was twenty-eight, he must go back where the fact would not be so constantly thrust before his eyes. Nearness to Jacqueline, he argued, would never again have power to hurt him. He cabled New York, and the Pennsylvania Oil Company received him with open arms. In Singapore, two months later, he ran into the Bald-headed Eagle. That indivi- dual, recently elevated to assistant general manager, accomplished Ferguson's appoint- ment to the managership at Surabaya. And now at last, after two more years, the Bald- headed Eagle had become general manager, and had cabled for Ferguson to come to Singapore as his right-hand man. During the two years he had spent in Surabaya since the war, Ferguson had never once seen Jacqueline. Not that his wife was not everywhere to be seen; her fame was great in the land. Her beauty, her conquests, were subjects of conversation wherever men gathered by themselves. For that reason Ferguson had always steered clear of such places. His position as manager of the Pennsyl- vania. however, had demanded that he not live in seclusion. He had got out among people, among the solider members of the English-speaking community. And gradu- ally, the hopelessness that London had in- spired had drained away. He had drifted naturally, inevitably, it would seem, into comradeship with Mary Campbell. Mary was the only unmarried British girl in Surabaya; and Ferguson was about the only one of the younger men who did not worship exclusively at the Simpang Bar. So they had come to be often together; riding in the gray mornings along the misty banks of the irrigation canal, trouncing each other at golf or tennis in the afternoons. 6 A BONDAGE. 577 And now--this! Mary Campbell loved him. The con- ception shattered all his resolution. So long as he had remained unaware of her affection, it had been possible for him to contemplate renunciation with a degree of fortitude. He loved her, and was happy to do so; but he had no right to love her. So he would simply say nothing about it, and go his way. The only honorable course. Although he approached it, considered it, from every angle, he constantly rejected all thought of divorce. True, he had much more money now than he had had seven years before when tragedy had burst upon his head. Perhaps a divorce could be man- aged with a fair amount of secrecy. But a fair amount would not be enough. Secrecy would have to be absolute. Not for his sake; not because he would save himself from the ensuing scandal. His love, he knew, could bear any burden, any sacrifice. But that was not the whole of it. The fact must ever remain that he had had a notorious woman as his wife--a woman who was still notorious, and known to the farthest end of the China Coast. He could free himself from her--easily; but after- ward, could he ask any such girl as Mary Campbell to marry him? The idea was monstrous. He could never do it. No; divorce or not divorced, his marriage to Jacqueline van der Bent must forever put him outside of all hope of Mary Campbell. To-day's discovery, however, now com- pletely possessed him. Loving the girl with all his heart, his love surged in an uncon- trollable flood as he realized it found favor. When the first confusion of the situation subsided, and they were whirling back along the river-road to Surabaya, it became more and more imperative in Ferguson's mind that something be done. Mary Campbell, after a long interval of silence--a silence that to Ferguson was strained and unnatural--began chatting about things that had nothing to do with his going away. She did not thus deceive him. Indeed, her very avoidance of what must be the dominant topic warned him that she was troubled, wondering--waiting, perhaps. He felt an utter cad as he dropped her at home and ordered the chauffeur to drive him to his own house. V. Ferguson lived on Sumatra Street. The garden behind his bungalow sloped down to the Kalimas, the Golden River. After a late dinner he dragged a big Makassar chair to the railing of his rear veranda, and sat down deliberately to think it over. Hours of thinking got him nowhere. Divorce was out of the question; and there was no other loophole. He was imprisoned, walled up as effectually as by brick and plaster, through the folly of his youth. Un- less Jacqueline died--a remote possibility-- and their secret died with her-- Unless Jacqueline died-- The lights were going out one by one in the houses along the Kalimas. It was getting late. The moon had already dropped below the level of Goobeng Bridge, and now hung crisscrossed by the bridge's steel supports. A stillness gripped every- thing, the utter absence of sound that lies on a sleeping village. But Ferguson was aware of none of these things. Fascinated, cold, his mind was traveling a fearsome path. Unless Jacqueline died! Why not! God, it would only be fair! He wanted to be free--free! But at last he laughed harshly. "Lord, no!" he muttered. "I can't do that!" His face was haggard in the last light of the moon. He stood up wearily to go into the house; and as he did so a motor- car shot around the corner beside him. It left the driveway; came to a stop behind the row of mdati bushes which screened his back compound from the street. Ferguson went slowly toward the steps. He stood there, feeling a mild curiosity as to the identity of this midnight visitor. Vaguely, then, he saw the outline of a woman's form coming across the grass. 7 A 578 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. "John Fairguson!" Ferguson's immediate sensation was one of fright, of sheer terror. He felt cold along his spine; and the back of his head prickled as though each hair were standing out straight. Jacqueline! And only a moment before he had been contemplating how best he could murder her! "John Fairguson!" "Yes," hoarsely. "I want to talk with you. So I drove around back because everybody knows my car." "Very thoughtful of you," he managed to say. Jacqueline laughed. "Oh, for my sake too." They stood facing each other in the darkness. A wave of her perfume swept to the man's senses, mingling with the choking breath of night-blooming melati. But Fer- guson's only thought, recurring white-hot, was that here was his chance. His chance to be free! "I want to talk with you." "Come inside," he said shortly. He preceded Jacqueline into his study; switched on one light in his table lamp. Then, steadily, he looked up at her across his desk. She was as he had seen her that after- noon in the Oranje Hotel: the never-chang- ing superbness of her beauty struck him with the force of a blow. Hard, glittering beauty, of course, and sensual; but it was fresh at the same time. Ferguson looked in vain for a hint of evil cunning in her eyes. At a glance Ferguson noticed that the shutter was closed on the only window in the room. He walked back and closed the door; after which he motioned Jacqueline to a big leather chair. Then he sat down at his desk. What do you want?" "Well--I want you to divorce me, John Fairguson." Ferguson only stared. I will explain," she went on, meeting his eyes direct and smiling a little; "I want to marry." "Oh, you want to marry." The man nodded, and nodded. I see. You want to marry, so you came to me to divorce you--just like that." "Of course." Followed a full minute of silence. She wanted a divorce, the final, unequivocal step that would put Mary Campbell out of Ferguson's reach. His eyes narrowed; a strange, harsh laugh sprang unbidden to his lips. There was an automatic pistol, he knew, in the drawer at his right hand. The room was tightly closed, and there were no houses within seventy-five yards. No one would hear a single shot--or investigate it if they did hear. This was not London. A Java- nese policeman would be likely to slink away from any disturbance in a white man's house. She wanted a divorce: and one swift movement, only one crook of the finger-- But to shoot a woman!--dead--like that. To shoot any one in cold blood! "You will do it, John Fairguson?" "And have the whole Far East laughing at me?" "Pooh! For a month. Then it is for- gotten. If you had done it seven years ago, no one wouid ever think of it now. But now you must do it." "Must!" He was temporizing, and he knew it. Still, all the time, a few cells in the back of his brain kept rehearsing the simple motions that would open his path to freedom. "Why, yes," Jacqueline answered with a little pout. "I want to marry. You are a good fellow, and will help me. We shall make it very secret." "We can't make it secret. People will find out." "Here in Surabaya, yes. But I shall keep it from the man I am to marry. He is very stupid. And directly we are divorced. I shall go with him to Europe-- to France." A red mist of anger swam suddenly into Ferguson's vision. As easy as that! She cared for nothing, for nobody. So long as she came safely out of their predicament, it bothered her not at all to leave shame and anguish as his portion. The very heartlessness of her scheme made the man's blood boil. BONDAGE. 579 "Suppose I refuse to divorce you?" he asked sharply. Jacqueline's eyes opened wide, giving an impression of hurt surprise. "Then you spoil my opportunity! You will not do that!" Oh, I should be very angry. I should tell everything about us. John Fairguson. I should tell everything!" That was enough; that decided him. Very slowly, softly, Ferguson pulled open the drawer that held his pistol. Another second and the fingers oi his right hand curled around the weapon's grip. With his eyes never leaving Jacqueline's dark ones, it seemed to him that he could sense a stiffening through the woman's frame--as though in preparation for a sud- den action, for flight if need be. But more than anything else that stiffening made him consider the irremediable rigor that would come when his bullet had accomplished its mission. And in that tense appalling second a saving reflection suddenly entered Fer- guson's mind. An incredible weakness seized his elbows and wrists. What a fool he was! Murder!--and his hand, releasing the pistol as though it were red-hot, trembled so that he shut the drawer with a slam. No, God no! He would never go to Mary Campbell with the stain of blood on his conscience. He was beaten. He must bow to the in- evitable. Whichever way he turned, Mary Campbell was lost to him; whichever way he turned! His heart knew the burden of utter de- pair; and he now wanted nothing more than to get Jacqueline out of the house, to rid himself as quickly as possible of her presence. The scent of her perfume stuck in his nostrils as something contaminat- ing. "All right," he said flatly; and he sat up straight in his chair. "I'll start it to- morrow. Give me your address, and the lawyer can let you know how it's coming along." Jacqueline smiled triumphantly as she handed a card across the desk--with her left hand. "You would not have succeeded, John Fairguson." Ferguson looked at the woman, not un- derstanding. Jacqueline lifted her right hand from beside the big chair in which she was sitting. Poised on her fingers, glittering viciously in the dim light, quivered a long, slender dagger. "I never miss, John Fairguson," she lightly remarked. "My aim is sure. In the heart, in the throat--anywhere. And so quick! Before you could raise a pistol from your desk." Ferguson understood, and shrugged. "Oh, yes. Yes; I have no doubt. Only go away now. After this the lawyer will attend to everything." "You do not ask whom I am to marry?" "No; I'm not interested." "He is a half-caste--like me." "And you love him, of course?" a trifle grimly. A sneer curled the woman's full red lips. "Bah! I hate him! He loves me--the fool! And, oh, I have told him such lies! He is very rich." "H'm!" The fool! Yes, she could make a fool out of any man. But it lay in his power to clip her v.ings. Would he do it? Let Jacqueline do her worst; let the crash come openly: save this other chap from such a disillusionment as he himself had known. It was on Ferguson's lips to voice his thoughts when the door suddenly opened from the veranda. A man came in, shut the door behind him. He was about Ferguson's age, hand- some, dark-skinned, with a small black mustache. The light from the lamp shone full on his face confusing him as he looked from one to the other of the occupants of the room. There was a savage glitter in his eyes: his breath came fast. "Dolph!" Jacqueline's shriek filled the four walls; and Ferguson sprang to his feet. Here was unquestionably Jacqueline's intended vic- tim. For a full thirty seconds no one moved. "So!" said the intruder at last, heavily, in Dutch. "Fortunately, I saw your car --and followed." 580 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. "And now you can follow your nose out of here!" Ferguson rapped out hotly. He felt a certain sympathy for the half-caste, hut it had to give way to swift indignation at this unwarranted entry into his house. An absurd melodrama; out of the corner of his eye he could see Jacqueline stiffen as she had done before. Certainty of her guilt was plain on the man, Dolph's, face. He gave Ferguson not one second of attention. Spitting a vile name at the woman, he reached swiftly for his hip pocket. What followed occurred with a speed that left Ferguson gasping. The next thing he knew a flicker of light passed across the room in front of him. The half-caste rocked backward. A tall corner bookcase kept him from falling. He made no outcry; the only noise was the clash of broken glass around his feet. Fer- guson knew that the man had driven his shoulder through a pane of the bookcase door. Then a spreading circle of blood leaped out on the breast of Dolph's linen coat. Against that dark spot gleamed the silver of Jacqueline's dagger-grip. Every inch of the long blade was buried in the half-caste's body. With his left hand he plucked feebly, abstractedly, at the deadly weapon. "He would have shot me, John Fairgu- son!" came in frantic tones from the woman. "You saw that, John Fairguson!" Jacque- line sprang hastily from the chair. Ferguson had started toward the wounded man. But before he could take two steps a snarl burst from Dolph's lips. Cursing Jacqueline with his last breath, the half- caste thrust forth his right hand. The thunder of an explosion resounded in the closed room. Jacqueline dropped as though struck by lightning; and the half-caste, smiling, slid down the bookcase to the floor. Sheer horror wrung an exclamation from Ferguson. He knelt beside Jacqueline; turned her over. His fingers tore at the silk of her gown; blood from a bullet wound over her heart clung warmly to his hand. She was dead beyond any doubt; and Dolph was dead. A weakness attacked the survivor. He groped his way backward into the chair Jacqueline had occupied. For a long time he did not move. At the end of half an hour no one had come to make inquiries. No one would come. Jacqueline was dead--and their secret had died with her. Ferguson was free. He was shocked, too, and stunned; but during that long half hour of waiting no process of reasoning had convinced him that he would do any one any good by re- vealing his part in the affair. With quiet determination, therefore, he set to work. It was a gruesome task, but there was no way he could escape it. Lift- ing the two bodies, one at a time, he carried them to Jacqueline's motor-car. Then he drove the car two miles out along the river- road toward Goonoong Sari, and left it. Two hours later he had cleaned up the last signs of the night's occurrences from himself and his house and compound. He went to bed. For three days after that he waited. The double tragedy was just about a three day's wonder. The police, affer scurrying about aimlessly, fruitlessly, put the two deaths down to a fatal quarrel between the prin- cipals. There was never a word of suspicion that the quarrel had not taken place where the bodies were found. Ferguson breathed easier. On the day before he was to go away from Surabaya, he went to Mary Camp- bell. She met him on her veranda; and in that moment he knew he must forever love even the ground on which she walked. "I've come to tell you I love you, Mary," was all he could say. "And I love you." Her blue eyes met his with glad trustfulness. "But there's something else. I'll have to tell it before I can ask you to marry me." Mary Campbell shook her head. "Do you think it can ever bother us?" she asked. "It never can bother us--now." "Then let's both forget it." He nodded; heart full of wonderment at her mercy, he drew her forward into his arms. Annihilation By  ISABEL OSTRANDER Author of "McCarty, Incog," "Dust to Dust," etc. CHAPTER XVI. A QUESTION ANSWERED. FOR a sickening instant McCarty's stout legs wabbled beneath him, then he drew himself together, and pressing the button of his own flashlight, he strode over the sill. A strange scene presented itself to his staring eyes. Dennis was clinging weakly to an upright post at the foot of the heavily carved bed which upheld its canopied top, and Orbit himself was lying inert upon his pillows, his firmly molded chin relaxed and the sunken, closed eyes mere blotches of shadow in the grayish pallor of his face. The rich silk pyjama jacket was open at his throat and his arms flung above his head as though helplessness had come upon him in the effort to protect himself. At the same moment McCarty became aware of the pungent, sweetish odor that assailed his own nostrils. "Chloroform!" he gasped, pointing to a small bottle which stood upon the bed- stand. "Isn't that a towel on the pillow beside his head? Throw it into the corner, Denny, and then get back into the other room, quick!" Galvanized into life Dennis obeyed, re- trieving his flashlight as he went. McCarty waited only to open the two windows wide before rejoining him. "Aren't we going to raise an alarm?" Dennis demanded excitedly, but McCarty lowered his own voice to a whisper once more. "We are not. to get ourselves accused! We're going to beat it out the way we came as fast as the Lord'll let us, and don't open your n.outh again till we get beyond the gates! Sure, the devil himself is let loose!" Down the stairs, through the pantries and lower front hall to the card room--the dis- tance seemed interminable and every foot- This story began in the Argosy-Allstory Weekly for November 17. 581 582 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. step resounded maddeningly in their nerve- shaken ears, but they did not pause until they reached the little side door and Dennis had shot the bolts back. "Wait till we put on our shoes again," McCarty admonished. "There's no room to do it out in that alley and we're safe enough now, but hurry!" Shod once more they stole out, closing the door noiselessly behind them and re- connoitered carefully for the watchman, but he had passed on in the direction of the east gate and they sped to the opposite one, passing through it just before he turned. All desire for speech seemed to have left Dennis and they walked northward for sev- eral blocks before McCarty broke the silence. "I suppose you think 'twas queer we didn't take that heaven-sent opportunity to search the house without Orbit, at least, to interrupt us, Denny, but there was no tell- ing how long he'd been under that 'chloro- form nor when he'd come out of it, and we could not say we'd scared away whoever did it to him or we would not have sneaked in ourselves." "How do you know he wasn't dead?" Dennis's tone held a volume of reproach. "I saw the chest of him rise and fall regular with his breathing, and a whiff like that could not put him out for the count!" McCarty declared impatiently. "Didn't I open the windows on him myself, and tell you to take away the towel that must have slipped down from off his face?" Twas still damp with that stuff!" Den- nis muttered with a shudder. "And chloroform evaporates quicker than anything else I know!" exclaimed his companion. "That shows it must have been given to him the minute, almost, be- fore we went upstairs! The sitting room looked all right to me: did you happen to notice whether anything was upset or not where he was?" "I did not!" Dennis averred. "I'd the shock of my life when my light flashed over his face! If he's found dead come morning I'll feel as if I'd murdered him myself and not a wink will I sleep nor a free breath will I draw till I know he's all right!" But when McCarty's rooms were reached again and the desultory discussion was re- newed it was Denrils himself in whom ex- hausted nature first was revealed and he sank deeply into healthy slumber. His host, however, sat hunched in his armchair till dawn, smoking innumerable cigars and staring into the turbid atmosphere of the familiar room through narrowed eyes as though they beheld strange and evil things. He finally stretched himself out wearily beside Dennis, however, and dropped into uneasy slumber, to be awakened by the sharp ringing of the telephone. When he turned from it after receiving the frenzied message it was to find his guest draped in his own shabby bathrobe waiting with morbid expectancy for the news. "Is Orbit dead--" "He is not! He's got the inspector fair wild with his tale of being drugged in the night and on top of it old Benjamin Parsons reports a robbery! Both the watchmen are fired temporarily and lads from headquar- ters put in their place," McCarty reported succinctly. "It's a nice, peaceful day you'll be having of it at the fire house while I face the music!" Dennis gulped with relief. "Was anything took from Orbit's house, did the inspector say?" "He'd no time, but I'm thinking he'll be on his way here as soon as he can pacify the two latest victims of outrage there in the Mall. Moreover, if you're going to stop for Brian to shave you after breakfast it will be a miracle that you're not late." Dennis disappeared promptly into the bathroom and McCarty gathered up the documents and torn encyclopedia page pur- loined from the Parsons house and stowed them carefully aw:av before making his own hasty toilet. They ate a sketchy breakfast together at the accustomed restaurant and then separated, McCarty returning to his rooms with a sheaf of newspapers to await the coming of his superior. From the front page of the first paper the pictured face of Horace Goddard stared out at him, big eyed and wistfully alert, and the caption beneath announced that Mr. Eustace Goddard offered twenty-five thou- sand dollars' reward for information which would lead to the recovery of his son. ANNIHILATION. 583 A second article, brief but placed in sig- nificant juxtaposition to it, declared that no further progress had been made in the in- vestigation into the death of the valet, Alfred Hughes, who had succumbed to the effects of the little known poison physostig- mine soon after leaving the residence of his employer, Mr. Henry Orbit, in the New Queen's Mall six days before, but the au- thorities expected to make an important arrest in connection with it in the imme- diate future. Inspector Druet's impatient ring brought McCarty quickly to his feet and as the for- mer sprang up the stairs lie flung open the living room door. "Mac, what the devii have you been doing?" "Me, inspector?" McCarty's face was a study, but he had misunderstood. "Yes! Why weren't you on the job? They've raised hell in the Mail last night while I was chasing up some false clews about the Goddard case, and I haven't laid eyes on you since the medical examiner's assistant arrived at Orbit's yesterday!" "I've been getting a bit of sleep this morning," McCarty replied evasively. "Did you see Parsons? You told me he'd been robbed--did he .say what was stole from him?" "No. That's the queer part of it. When he phoned to headquarters he was anxious to talk, but as soon as I got to his house he began to hedge. A whole pane had been removed from one of the rear windows, and the telephone and Kip alarm system wires were cut, but he couldn't show me that any- thing in his study had been disturbed. Al- though he insisted that some documents had been stolen from his filing case he would tell me nothing about them except that some were notes for a book he was writing and the rest of a highly personal nature." "If 'twas nothing of money value I'd not be bothering about it," McCarty sug- gested hurriedly. "He got off light con- sidering what's happened at other houses on that block. Look at Orbit! Wasn't he drugged besides, to say nothing of the mur- der committed there?" "Yes, but nothing was stolen from him. He tells me he took a bromide to try to sleep, for the shock of the girl's death in the afternoon had about made him go to pieces, and he was just dozing off when he thought he heard something in the room. He couldn't be sure, and before he could make a move a towel was clapped over his face; the next thing he knew he woke up mighty sick. "He would have thought the whole thing was a nightmare only there was the towel saturated with chloroform in a corner of the room, the bottle itself on a stand beside his bed and the windows open wider than he had left them. The rest of the household, including Sir Philip Devereux and his valet, Harry Blake, weren't even disturbed. The side door opening from the card room was found unbolted this morning, though Ching Lee swears he fastened it as usual last night, and the telephone wires outside the house were cut, just as Parsons's were." "Well, if Orbit has recovered and noth- ing was taken there's been small harm done there, either," McCarty commented, add- ing: "Is Sir Philip going to stay on at Orbit's?" "He sails Saturday. I should think he'd find Orbit's kind of hospitality a little stren- uous, although he seems to be a fine old sport! Mac, what are we to do? I'm about at the end of my rope, and though the hap- penings last night don't mean actual trag- edy they snow how little the scoundrels back of these crimes are afraid of being found out!" In the clear morning light the inspector's keen, lundly face seemed to have aged years, and McCarty's heart smote him. "Oh, I don't know, sir," he said. "If just papers that were useful to no one but himself were taken from Parsons and noth- ing at all from Orbit, maybe the wretch just pulled off those two stunts to throw you off the track of the two murders and the kid's disappearance. Have you heard from Mar- tin?" "He's back, and Blaisdell, the artist, came with him. BlaisdelPs at Goddard's now, offering whatever help he can give, but he hasn't seen Horace since the boy came to his studio to bid him good-by: I talked to him, and I'd swear he's on the level. It's the most infernal mystery--" 584 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. "Has the autopsy been performed yet on that girl Lucette?" McCarty's tones had lowered. "Just an hour ago. Mac, it's got the whole medical bureau going! The exam- iner agrees with Dr. Allonby, but he can't go any further. The kind of gas that was used is a new one on them, deadlier than an}- sort the war produced, and they've sent to Washington to find out if anything is known of it there. Thanks." Inspector Druet accepted the cigar which the other proffered, and after it was alight he added: "Fluorine gas is one of its component parts--" "Fluorine!" McCarty paused with the match halfway to his own cigar. Yes, but there are other properties with it; fluorine burns, you know, but there was no trace of that on the girl's face, although her lungs were seared. How it was ever forced on her is beyond me, and the chief is raging like a caged bear!" He shook his head dejectedly. "If we don't show results mighty soon, I'm due for a transfer, and that means the beginning of the end. But I don't feel that so keenly as I do my sense of failure. I had a chance for quick action when that valet was poi- soned, but now that little boy and the fine young French girl-- God, it seems as though I had been criminally negligent!" "Not a bit of it, inspector!" McCarty exclaimed earnestly. "It's just like I was saying to Denny; we're up against the worst case and the cleverest murdering devil in the history of the department, and we'll not be laying him by the heels by working along behind him. It's from what he's going to pull in the future that we'll get him, and then only through outguessing him. Who'll be the next? That's the ques- tion we've got to answer." When, after threshing the situation over thoroughly once more, the inspector finally took his departure, McCarty put in a long hour studying the papers taken from Par- son's filing case. The collection of reports, evidently transcripts from court and police records, besides the names of Jennie Ma- lone, Chris Porter, and the boy, Danny Sayre, comprised those of Bert Ferris, Han- nah Cray and Bessie Dillon. Ferris had been convicted of insurance fraud, but Par- sons had annotated the report: "Great provocation through need for dependents." Hannah Cray was a shoplifter, and Bessie Dillon a confidence worker. After the names of both women had been written: "Reform assured." The manuscript proved to be a compila- tion of scattered and disconnected notes relative to various methods in modern war- fare, together with lengthy diatribes against the sin of organized killing. Mc- Carty had little patience to peruse it. The references to fluorine gas gave merely the formula and effect. Without glancing again at the Article on the Calabar bean, McCarty put the torn page away with the other papers, but slipped the odd, silvery bookmark in his pocket. The violent rainstorm which he had already combatted on the way to the res- taurant and back was still raging with un- abated fury. Taking a stouter umbrella, he clapped on his hat, locked the door be- hind him, and descended to the street. There he was pounced upon by a young man with a shock of very red hair, who had been lying in wait for him in M. Girard's shop doorway. "Hey, Mac, got you at last! What brought Inspector Druet to you so early this morning? Anything new turned up in that merry little three-ring circus of crime that is giving a continuous performance under your noses over at the New Queen's Mall?" The taunt was a shrewdly calculated one, but McCarty grinned affably. "I see your Bulletin this morning has only the story of the girl's death yesterday afternoon, Jimmie. That's old stuff now." Jimmie Ballard opened his eyes and ducked confidentially under the shelter of McCarty's umbrella. "For the love of Pete, has there been more doing?" he gasped. "Come across. Mac! You know I'm always ready to do you a good turn! What's up now?" "We-ell"--McCarty assumed an air of troubled indecision--" of course there's no one between those gates would breathe a word of it to you newspaper guys, and if I was to tell you about the two robberies it ANNIHILATION. 585 might get back to me. Not being regularly on the force any more, I'd not want the inspector to think--" "Two robberies!" Jimmie's eyes shone. "What a beat! Mac, let me get the story through to the shop, and we'll have an extra out in half an hour. I'll keep you out of it, I swear--" "All right, then, if you'll do something for me after." McCarty suddenly reached into his pocket and drew out Parson's book- mark. "Find out what the devil is this made of, and phone me at my rooms to- night. Mind you don't mention it in your story, or never another tip will you get from me! Now, here's what happened." He repeated briefly the inspector's ver- sion of the incidents of the previous night, and then, well satisfied, he continued on his way. It led him on a long and diversi- fied path through that day's storm; to headquarters, the Public Library, the city's mortuary, and the laboratories of a great university up on the heights. For the first time since the inception of the strangely complex case he steered clear of the Mall. It was not until darkness had fallen that he returned to his rooms, rain soaked and weary. Unlocking the door, he stepped inside the living room and mechanically felt for the light switch in the wall. The button clicked, with no resultant glow from ithe side brackets and desk. At the same mo- ment he lifted his nose in the air and sniffed sharply. Some one had been in his rooms again! His lights had been tampered with, for they were on the same current as the house next door, and a ray from there was even now streaking faintly across the airshaft past his bedroom window. Moreover, there had been nothing wrong with his switch the night before! Somebody was laying for him? Aware that the feeble gas jet in the hall below was yet strong enough to silhouette him vaguely in its glimmering half light, he pulled the door shut behind him and whipped out his revolver. "Is anybody here?" His bull-throated demand cut the silence. "Come on, you white livered son of a gun, and I'll give you the fight of your life! If there's a hu- man ear in this room, hear me!" He waited, tense and tingling, his own ears strained to catch the slightest sound; but none came--no stir of a foot, no whis- per of breathing broke the utter stillness in which the echo of his voice had died away. After a minute that seemed ages long, doubt changed to certainty. Somebody had been there and gone. But had they gone far? What had they done to his rooms that he was not meant to see? What had they left behind them for him to blunder into in the darkness? Had a trap been set for him under his own roof? McCarty pressed his lips grimly together, his square jaw outthrust, and, keeping his revolver still cocked and ready in his right hand, he reached behind him with the other and propped his umbrella against the wall. Then, half stooping, he advanced a step straight before him in the direction of the fireplace. With infinite caution and deli- cacy of one in a maze of live wires, his left hand groped about in the pitch black- ness surrounding him. but encountered only empty air. He took another step forward, then another. At last! At the height of about his mid- dle his fingers touched a fine cord drawn across his path so tautly that it vibrated like a harp string beneath a contact as light as a mere breath! Running his fingers along it with the light touch of a drifting feather, he moved to the left until the cord made a sharp turn around the corner of his heavy desk and started forward once more. Now he was facing again toward the fire- place, but the left side of it, and his guiding line was rising! It must be at the height of the mantel now; he must almost have reached the shelf itself! Moving even more cautiously inch by inch, his fingers traveling with still greater delicacy, he followed the cord to the corner of the mantel and there came in contact with what appeared to be a pulley, rigged ingeniously over the clamp of a portable lamp bracket which had never been fastened there before. If the cord were broken, something on the other end of that pulley running under the mantel would drop; and then what 586 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. would happen? Would the house be blown to bits in the explosion of some infernal machine, or something fall on him from above? It had obviously been intended that he should break that string; but why had it been taken for granted that, finding his lights out of commission, he would walk straight forward from the doorway, instead of perhaps around the wall-- His matches, of course! He wouldn't be supposed to stop and fumble in his clothes for any he might be carrying when a whole box of them were where he always kept them there on the mantel before him! 'Twas from the mantel itself, then, or just under it, that trouble could be looked for if the weight on the other end of that pulley dropped. And that trouble would occur somewhere in a line with the door- way! Shifting his revolver to his left hand, McCarty felt with the right for the weight dangling from the end of the pulley. His compressed lips widened at the corners in a grim smile as he followed it up again and along under the edge of the mantel until his fingers met the cold ring of a revolver muzzle. So that was the answer! When the weight dropped, that cord, as line and strong as fishline, which he could feel wound around the trigger, would snap back, and from that muzzle would streak forth a death message, certain and sure! But not while McCarty knew it! Drop- ping his own revolver into his pocket, he swiftly and skillfully disengaged the cord from about the trigger of the other and drew it from the cradle of wire which had been strung over two nails driven into the under side of the mantelshelf. Placing it upon the mantel within easy reach, he found it but the work of a moment to jerk down the lamp bracket and its improvised pulley, break the haul in the cord, and throw the whole mechanical death trap into the empty fireplace. Then another thought came to him. Sup- pose the party who had planned that little surprise for him were waiting about in the immediate vicinity, near enough to have seen him come in, close enough at hand to hear the anticipated report? Wouldn't they be likely to come then to see the result for themselves? Wouldn't that be their next logical move? Their next move! Since he entered the room McCarty had been too busy to won- der why this reception had been arranged for him, but now a light broke over his mind, and he all but chuckled aloud. He'd been asking himself and Denny a question for the last twenty-four hours, and now by the Lord it was answered for him! But why should they be disappointed? Why shouldn't they hear that shot, after all, and, in coming to investigate, reveal their own identity? There was nothing above the ceiling but the loft, and noth- ing above that again but the roof and the clouds that were pouring down rain that minute! With a sudden impulse McCarty seized the revolver from the mantel, aimed it straight up into the air, and fired. Then he jumped nimbly aside and crouched be- hind the great armchair. The echo of the shot had scarcely died away when there came a terrific banging upon the entrance door below'. This time a hoarse chuckle did force its way from Mc- Carty's throat. That was their game, was it? To pretend they were just passing and raise all the hell they could getting in, so as to attract attention to the fact that they came after the shot was fired? Let them bang away and break the door down! The one who'd come up those stairs would be the one who had rigged up that murder machine! The banging gave place to a moment of silence, and then came a mighty crash, followed by another and another till at iength the door fell inward with a snap of the lock and a rending jar. Some one sob- bing harshly, chokingly, came bounding and scrambling up the stairs, preceded by a wildly darting flash light which played under the living room door. Then that door also was flung wide, the light swrept about, and a broken voice in the throes of mental agony howled dolorously: "Mac! For the love of God, what's happened to you?" McCarty came out sheepishly from be- hind the chair. "I've been handling revolvers since first ANNIHILATION. 587 I went on the cops, Denny, with never a mischance, but when the lights went out on me just now all of a sudden whilst I was cleaning this, I'll be damned if it didn't go off in my hand!" CHAPTER XVII. FOREWARNED. DENNIS'S lacerated emotions were soothed with difficulty. After an old oil lamp was resurrected from the store closet and lighted he seated himself for a pipe and a chat, but the shock had disorganized him beyond concentration on the case and he departed early for the fire house. McCarty had carefully kept his bulk be- tween his visitor and the sight of what lay in the fireplace. The moment Denny went away he removed the paraphernalia of the death dealing device and locked it in his bedroom closet beneath a pile of old boots, together with the revolver. This had proved on examination to be a replica of his own old service gun. How could his would-be assassin have come into possession of a "police positive," a thirty-eight manufac- tured for the department alone? While he was pondering this the tele- phone rang and Jimmie Ballard's voice came to him over the wire. "Say, Mac, do you know what that was you handed me to-day? A silver leaf!" "It looked kind of like a leaf and there was a silvery tinge to it, Jimmie, but J thought it was made of flat plush!" Mc- Carty replied. "I'm no wiser than I was before. What is it?" "A leaf from an African silver tree, of a species that grows most plentifully on Table Mountain, just back of Cape Town. There's no telling how old it is, for they last for- ever if they're not handled too much. Where did you get it and what has it to do with that little affair you and I were talking about this morning?" "Not a thing in the world!" McCarty avowed hastily. "'Tis just something I picked up. I'll be thankful if you'll put it in an envelope and mail it to me special de- livery, though." "All right!" Jimmie laughed. "Of course it isn't important when you've got to have it by special, and you were willing to trade the best beat of the year for in- formation about it, but give me the dope on it one jump ahead of the other boys and I won't ask any more. Did you see our extra? Some pippin, wasn't it?" McCarty cut short the youthful Jimmie's enthusiasm. He had to stand with his back squarely to the door to talk into the phone and he didn't know when his mysterious visitor might return. That shot had mirac- ulously not aroused the neighborhood, but undoubtedly that was because of the noise of wind and rain. Would the author of his little surprise have sufficient strength of mind to remain away and wait to see if the morning papers held any account of the possible tragedy? He would, if he was one and the same with the human fiend who had brought all those horrors to pass in the Mall, and that McCarty was morally convinced of. He told Dennis and the inspector, too, that it would be only by outguessing him and an- ticipating who his next victim was scheduled to be that they could hope to solve the mys- tery. Now he grinned to himself; little had he thought then who was elected! But the event of the evening made one fact manifest: the man was afraid! He was beginning to show weakness, his armor was cracking, h&gt;s nerve was giving way! The desperate chance he had taken of being discovered at his work, the very elaborate- ness of the scheme itself told of the effort made in a frenzy of guilty apprehension to wipe out one of those who represented the law. Yet the mighty brain which had con- ceived and carried to a successful conclu- sion two such strange crimes as the mur- ders, to say nothing of making away with the child Horace, would be more than a match for the present situation. Having known his first failure, he would be doubly on the alert and wary. McCarty had drawn his fire and in all probability there would be a cessation of crimes in the Mall while he gave his attention to those who threat- ened to thwart his hideous, purposeless activities. 588 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. The storm raged even more fiercely as the hour grew late. For more reasons than one McCarty was reluctant to venture forth for his forgotten dinner. He unearthed a battered percolator, tinned meat and crack- ers and made a light meal, retiring to bed at last with his revolver beneath the pillow. When he awakened a dark day had brok- en. He lay for a time listening to the wind roaring down the chimney and the rain driv- ing in sheets against the windows while he formed an immediate plan. He must work alone, for Denny would be on duty again for twenty-four hours straight, from nine o'clock. He welcomed this fact, for if there were to be any further attempts made upon him the faithful Denny must not share the danger. It would be just his bum luck to walk into a trap not meant for him! As for himself McCarty meant to give his adversary every opportunity to try again. As he shaved and dressed his blood raced as in the old days with joy of the contest, yet now for the first time in his career he was hunted, not hunter. He had in a twinkling changed places with the arch murderer and child stealer. The thought gave added zest to the problem of the future. He was leaving for his accus- tomed restaurant when the telephone shrilled and he paused before taking down the receiver. His visitor of the night before could already have learned from the papers that his attempt had failed. But what if he were ringing up now to be sure that the event had not actually occurred and re- mained as yet undiscovered? Would he be- tray himself by surprise at the sound of his intended victim's voice? McCarty unhooked the receiver, waited a moment, and then called in a sudden, hearty tone: "Hello!" "Am I addressing Ex-Roundsman Mc- Carty?" The voice which came to him was elderly and formal, and as he replied in the affirmative he was certain he had never heard it before. "Inspector Druet suggested that I tele- phone and ask you for an interview on a strictly private matter. Mr. McCarty. This is Benjamin Parsons speaking, of Number Seven New Queen's Mall." His tone be- trayed not the slightest emotion. "Can you tell me when you will be at liberty to come to me?" "In one hour, Mr. Parsons," McCarty responded promptly. "'Tis about what happened night before last?" "Yes." There was a note of finality in the quick, firm monosyllable. "In an hour, Mr. McCarty." The click of a distant receiver came to his ears and McCarty went out with a puzzled frown. Had the inspector an inkling as to the identity of Parsons's "burglar" and was he passing the buck? Thrust half under his door he found an envelope with a special delivery stamp; Jimmie Ballard had kept his word and re- turned the silver leaf. McCarty slipped it into his pocket and went out into the down- pour, but his thoughts were almost imme- diately diverted from it by the Italian news- vendor on the corner, an acquaintance of many years' standing. "You on da job again!" White teeth gleamed in the friendly, swarthy counte- nance. "Diss-a pape' say you gonna fin' da guy w'at murd' da French-a girl!" It was the Bulletin, and Jimmie Ballard's idea of a joke was to announce the rumor that former Roundsman Timothy McCarty, whose achievements in the department had been unique and notable, had been reat- tached to the detective bureau for special investigation in connection with the crime wave in the New Queen's Mall. Important developments might be expected shortly. McCarty passed it by with a grunt. Then his eye was caught by a brief paragraph lower down on die page and he stood still, unheeding the rain which streamed down his neck from his tilted umbrella. It was a bald statement that George Radley, the poisoner, who escaped from Sing Sing a month before, had been found wandering in a hopelessly demented condition on the upper East Side and would undoubtedly be committed to Matteawan. The clothing he wore was being traced in an effort to locate the possible accomplices to his escape. With a nod to the news vendor McCarty hurried on at last. While he awaited his order at the little restaurant he gave him- ANNIHILATION. 589 self up to reflection. Was that why Par- sons had sent for him? Had he learned that the escaped prisoner received aid from beneath his roof? He ate hastily and then made all speed to the New Queen's Mall, where just within the gate he ran into Inspector Druet. "You've heard from Parsons?" the latter asked. McCarty nodded. "He said you told him to send for me. Whatever for, sir?" His tone was blandly innocent. "What can I tell the old gentle- man about his lost papers?" "It's what he'll tell you, if you can get it out of him; I can't," confessed his su- perior. "He's got something up his sleeve, all right, and if he weren't such a well known character I'd think he guessed more about that robbery than he was willing to say! The other one who was holding out on us came across last night, but it isn't going to help any except to remove one more possibility." "Who was it?" demanded McCarty. "Eustace Goddard. The only thing that has kept him and his wife both going dur- ing these three days since the boy disap- peared was their own private suspicion that he had been kidnaped for ransom and would be held safely until the exchange could be made. But now that hope has gone. The man they thought had taken Horace away was a former business associate of God- dard's, down and out now. He applied to Goddard for financial help, it seems, at a time when it would have saved him. When it was refused he threatened to make God- dard pay if he stripped him of the most precious thing he had. Goddard has been quietly looking for him since the trouble came and expecting him hourly to make a demand for a large sum. That was why he was willing to offer such a huge reward. Last evening, however, he ran him to earth and found out that the poor devil had been ill in a sani- tarium for months and didn't know any- thing about Horace. Mrs. Goddard is al- most insane--Allonby is attending her-- and Goddard himself is nearly as bad. I can only put him off with the same old promises and bunk! Look over there now; that's the boy's shepherd dog, Max. He's grieving himself to death, they tell me. Mac, if we don't do something soon--" "We'll be sitting tight and let the other fellow show his hand, the guy that's been pulling all these murders and such." They had passed down the block together toward the Parsons house and as he spoke McCarty glanced across the street to the court beside the Goddards. The slim, smooth coated shepherd dog was pacing restlessly up and down with the slinking, mechanical movement of a beast in cap- tivity, his swaying head hung low and tail drooped. The inspector followed his companion's gaze. "Trafford says he tried to coax Max to go for a walk, but the dog won't go fur- ther than that from the house. They're one-man creatures, that breed, and the boy was his god. If you can get anything out of the old gentleman that looks like straight dope phone me at the medical examiner's office." He went on and McCarty ascended the steps of the Parsons residence and rang the bell. His summons was replied to after some little delay by a youth who carried himself smartly, if awkwardly, in his page's uniform. The bright if somewhat weak face seemed abnormally pale, however, and his sharp eyes shifted in a scared fashion. "Name's McCarty," the newcomer an- nounced briefly. "Mr. Parsons expects me." "Yes, sir!" The youth's tone was al- most servile. "You can go right back to his study, sir. I'll show you!" He led the way to the room which Mc- Carty had already visited surreptitiously two nights before and knocked on the door. "Come in." The same dignified, elderly voice which had sounded over the telephone answered the rapping and a man rose slow- ly from behind the desk as they entered. He was tall and powerfully built, with a keen, intellectual face softened by warm, gray eyes and a well molded mouth, sensi- tive yet firm. His finely shaped head was covered with a shock of snow white hair as long as a mane and his old-fashioned high stock and severely cut black coat made 590 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. him resemble a figure from the past. He looked to McCarty's eyes os though he might have stepped out of one of the frames in his own portrait gallery, but there was no suggestion of a pose about him. With- out sound or gesture he appeared to domi- nate the room and his caller felt almost abashed in his presence. What would the old gentleman think if he knew the actual burglar stocd before him? McCarty could feel his honest face grow hot, but he held his chin a trifle higher. After all, Parsons had known about fluorine gas and powdered Calabar bean, he'd a bunch of crooks in his house and knew it, and when his notes had been taken he didn't feel like coming clean about them! He might have a bit of explaining to do himself! "Lieutenant McCarty, sir." The eleva- tion in rank was patent flattery, and Mc- Carty's eyes twinkled as Benjamin Parsons bowed. "That will do, Danny. Mr. McCarty." he added as the page boy withdrew, "I have asked you to come here because your inspector is occupied with matters of graver import to the little community in the Mall. From your question over the telephone this morning I gather you have been informed of the occurrence here on Wednesday night?" "Yes, Mr. Parsons," McCarty replied. "Your house was entered by way of the rear window, wasn't it, and some papers taken? As I heard it, the wires were cut outside and a pane of glass knocked out." "An interior alarm system of my own was also very cleverly disconnected so that it would not register in my bedroom. But won't you sit down?" A slender, patrician, blue veined hand waved to a chair and McCarty obeyed as though it had been a command. "All this is as unimportant as is the identity oi the intruder, or his identity would be if he had come merely for gain like the usual house- breaker. But this he was not. Articles of value were practically within reach of his hand--gold and silver plate, ivories and bronzes and ceramics which would have meant a fortune to the ordinary burglar. They remained undisturbed while the docu- ments he searched for and found could be of no possible pecuniary benefit to him." Mr. Parsons's language and choice of phrase would have seemed stilted and pe- dantic had it not been for the pcrfect ease and lack of mannerism with which he spoke, and his seriously intent eyc-s were fastened on McCarty in steady gaze which the lat- ter found somehow disconcerting. He cleared his throat nervously. "The inspector told me 'twas notes for a book that was missing, and some other papers that was personal," he remarked. "Personal to others than myself, I regret to say." Mr. Parsons shook his head. "That is why I did not go into particulars at first discovery which, taken in connec- tion with the rest, leaves me no choice. The personal documents removed from this filing case over here related to the unfortu- nate past history of several people whom I count among my friends. It would be un- just to give publicity to them now, much less to permit these records to remain in un- worthy hands. "The manuscript of my book is perhaps small loss to the world, but it is the result of years of profound thought and research. I may add that it was intended as a mes- sage, an appeal for universal peace and I had dwelt in detail upon the horrors of the last war, describing in full the methods em- ployed by man to destroy his fellows. I am stating this because one of the weapons so described was fluorine gas, and the for- mula was given. Fluorine gas has been mentioned in the papers in connection with the sad death of the young nurse across the street. But I did not even think of the coincidence until I made a further discovery last night." What was it?" McCarty felt that the question was expected of him, although he well knew what was coming. Was the old gentleman the grand character he appeared, or as shrewd as they make them and play- ing safe? He could have blushed for his own suspicious mind, but Parsons called the crooks his "friends" and was trying to protect them. What the devil did it all mean? "When your inspector first called upon me to make certain inquiries last week at ANNIHILATION. 591 the time a man-servant--from the same house as that in which the young girl passed away--also died, he told me of the poison believed to have been used; physostigmine." "Calabar bean." McCarty nodded. "Quite so. I had never heard of it, as it happened, and I looked it up in some books of reference I have; books in common use in every home of intelligent interest. I was called away before I had finished read- ing the articles and marked the page. That page. Mr. McCarty, has been torn from my encyclopedia, and this could only have been done on Wednesday evening." The gentle yet dominating voice had con- tinued in its level, perfectly controlled monotone. McCarty looked down at the floor, but felt impelled to raise his eyes again. If only the old gentleman would look away for a minute! "It seems like a queer sort of burglar that would tear a page out of a book he could find anywhere, and the fact that it was an article about Calabar bean, and the notes on fluorine gas gone, too--" The words stuck in McCarty's throat, but he forced himself to go on: "Why should he have took them just from here, when the damage was done with the both of them, and how did he know where to get them, anyway?" 1 have been asking myself those ques- tions, but I cannot answer them. However, I am convinced that those two coincidences are more than coincidences and it is my duty to report them." "Yes, of course." McCarty shuffled one foot. "Mr. Parsons, what's become of your butler, Chris Porter?--Roberts, he called himself here." He had launched the question with delib- erate abruptness, but the gray eyes did not waver. "You knew of his identity? The record of his misfortune was one of those taken from my filing case." "I recognized him and he made a certain confession to me the other day." McCarty returned the gaze with interest now and he saw Mr. Parsons start slightly, a faint flush rising in the smooth pallor of his cheeks. "A confession? Christopher was a brok- en man. subjected to a persecution which would have been unfair even if he were guilty of the charge for which he had suf- fered imprisonment, but I am convinced of his absolute innocence!" he asserted vig- orously. "A grave miscarriage of justice had been committed. I could not restore to him the years which our penal system had taken from him, but I was endeavoring to help him get on his mental and moral feet again, to win back his self-respect! Mr. McCarty, if Christopher made any sup- posed confession it must have been wrung from him by coercion! Innocent or guilty he has paid the penalty the State de- manded!" "Sure, for complicity in that poisoning case, if that's what you mean, but 'twas not that he confessed. Mr. Parsons, I'd like to ask you something." McCarty bent for- ward. "If a guy--I mean a man--was sent up and escaped and you thought he was innocent would you think it your duty to hide him or turn him over to the law again?" "I should deliver him to the authorities." The answer came without an instant's hesi- tation. "Personal opinion cannot be al- lowed to weigh against the mandates of our laws. Otherwise our whole social fabric would centuries ago have been undermined. The individual must be submerged in the collective body if civilization is to endure. But why do you ask?" "You knew that Radley, the fellow sen- tenced with Porter, escaped a month ago and that he was caught last night?" "I knew that he had escaped, but not that he was recaptured!" Mr. Parsons spoke in oddly shocked accents. "The newspapers doubtless have an account of it, but I was too disturbed in mind this morn- ing to glance at them. Where was the un- fortunate man found?" "Not where he was last Sunday, Mr. Parsons!" McCarty retorted significantly. "He's supposed to be crazy now, so he'll go to the asylum instead of back up the river, but he wasn't crazy last Sunday, nor the week and more before that, when he laid hid in the empty house next door here, fed from your table and cared for by some one in your house! That was Porter's con- fession, and I'm asking you where is he?" 592 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. "He has gone!" Parsons rested his el- bow on his desk and shielded his eyes with his hand. "I never suspected this! Chris- topher laid the table for breakfast as usual this morning and arranged the mail and the newspapers. It must have been then that he saw the account of Radiey's capture and run away, panic-stricken, that he might fall into the hands of ihe law again! I have thought that he seemed more deeply troubled this week. If he had only come to me, and let me convince him of his higher duty! I have failed with him--failed!" Deep distress throbbed with a note of pain in his tone, but McCarty persisted dryly: "That's as may be, sir. He left about the time the papers carne? That'll be around eight o'clock? Was it before or after you phoned to me that you knew of it?" Mr. Parsons's hand fell. "Just before. I knew no reason for his departure and he left no word, but the condition of his room showed hurried flight. It was then that I decided to place myself unreservedly in your hands." "Because of that missing dope about fluorine gas and Calabar bean, and his own past history?" McCarty demanded. "Be- cause he'd already been convicted of poison--" "Stop!" Mr. Parsons rose. "Christo- pher was innocent 01 that old charge and he was equally innocent of the crimes which have been committed this past week! He was mistaken in his sense of duty, but not a murderer!" CHAPTER XVIII. CHECKMATE! McCARTY left the Parsons house a few minutes later, his mind a chaos of conflicting impressions. With the sonorous, dignified tones still ringing upon his ear and the deeply concerned gaze yet seemingly bent upon him. Beniamin Par- sons appeared the epitome of rectitude and righteousness. But had he been as certain of Porter's innocence as he claimed, and was he as ignorant of where he had gone? He crossed the street to Orbit's house and glanced again into the court between that and Goddard's. Max was still there, but he had lain down as though exhausted and Ills ribs, glistening with the rain, showed pitifully gaunt. Why didn't they take the poor fellow in? McCarty stopped and spoke coaxingly to him. The dog slowly rolled his lack luster eyes upon him, but made no other response. For a long minute McCarty stood thoughtfully regarding him and then at last continued on his way, but there was a curi- ously absent look upon his face. Ching Lee admitted him and took him to the library where he had first been received. A small fire of some strange, peatlike fuel was burning on the hearth, sending out iri- descent. flames and a faint, pervasive odor, as of sandalwood. Before it Orbit was seat- ed with a stout, florid, healthy looking gray haired man in tweeds. "Good morning, McCarty. I rather thought that you or the inspector would look in on me this morning." Orbit turned to his guest. Sir Philip, this is McCarty, the official who is working with Inspector Druet on the investigation into this hideous mystery which seems to involve nearly all of us here in the Mall." Sir Philip Devereux nodded to the ex- roundsman in cordial democracy. "Shockin' affair, this! Shockin'!" he commented. "Here for a little private chat with Mr. Orbit? I'll leave you--" No, don't go, Sir Philip!" Orbit de- murred smilingly. "You know all the cir- cumstances and McCarty and I haven't anything private to discuss. I hope he's brought me some news! You heard about what happened to me the other night?" "I did that." McCarty nodded. "What do you think 'twas done for, if nothing was taken?" "Haven't the remotest idea. Sit down here by the fire, man, you're soaked through!" Orbit added hospitably. "I'll have Ching Lee bring you a touch of some- thing from my private stock--" "No, thank you, Mr. Orbit; I've a twinge of the gout now and then, though you mightn't think it," McCarty explained speciously. "I just dropped bv to see if 7 A ANNIHILATION. 593 you'd thought of anything to add to what you told the inspector about the chloro- forming?" "Nothing. The whole thing happened so quickly and the impressions left on my mind were so vague that I am afraid I can be of little use to you. One thing seems cer- tain; the fellow didn't intend me to die from the effect of it, since he stopped to open the windows and throw away the cloth he had used to anaesthetize me! The incident is absolutely inexplicable except on the supposition that his only intention was to terrorize me. And that is really too ab- surd to consider." "It was an outrage!" declared Sir Philip suddenly. "Damme, it passes belief! The chap must be a fiend--or mad! What ob- ject could he have in killing poor Hughes? I say, there was a valet for you! Then the girl, too! That poison gas theory seems to be bally rot to me, too utterly impossible with you there in the room, okl son, but she is dead, isn't she? There you are!" He leaned back in his chair and puffed thoughtfully at his cigar. His host turned to McCarty with a faint hint of amusement in his eyes, but it was quickly overshadowed by sadness again. "The girl is dead, poor creature, and I cannot help feeling that the blame in some way rests at my door, for I invited her in. However, her death was brought about the child escaped, though; we have that to be thankful for! We are none of us safe here on the Mall while the murderer is free to come and go in our houses at will, killing with impunity whenever the horrible im- pulse comes to him! I was reluctant to offer my hospitality to Sir Philip under these harrowing circumstances, but he was willing to abide by the consequences." "Ripping experience!" The baronet nodded again. "Sorry I'm sailing to-mor- row! Like nothing better than to stop and see it through! Old chap over the way was robbed the same night, I hear. Any clues left there, McCarty?" There was no hint of sarcasm in his tone, but McCarty flushed darkly. Then he darted a quick glance at the questioner and a slow smile dawned. The Britisher was trying to get his goat! "Yes, sir, the same as here," he replied. "Mr. Orbit, you've that chloroform bottle? The inspector says 'twas found on a stand beside your bed:" "Ching Lee has it, I believe. Would you like to see it?" He rang the bell with- out waiting for a reply. "The cloth used was a towel from my own bathroom; it's evident that the fellow was familiar with the house. But how he got in that side door leading from the card room if Ching Lee really bolted it as usual the night be- fore-- Oh, Ching Lee?" "The butler had appeared silently in the doorway and now Orbit addressed him in a rapid patter of Chinese. Ching Lee. as im- passive and wooden of countenance now as before the tragedy, bowed and departed. McCarty turned once more to Orbit. "What time was it, as near as you can figure, that you were doped?" "I should say around two o'clock in the morning, perhaps a trifle before. Sir Philip and I sat up till after midnight playing chess, and when I retired I tried for more than an hour to sleep before I took a bro- mide. Things grew hazy after that, and I don't know how long I dozed before I was conscious of some one in the room." "You got no whiff of anything else be- fore the chloroform hit you?" McCarty asked. "No smell of a pipe or cigar if the guy was a smoker, maybe?" "I smoke so constantly myself that I would scarcely have noticed it even if there had been time and I were fully awake." Orbit raised his brows. "You smoke your- self, McCarty; could you have detected it?" "Sure." McCarty stated the fact mod- estly. "I've not the nose Denny has, but 'tis easy to tell the smell of a cigar from a pipe even if it's only hanging about the clothes of a person. A rich, full flavored cigar with a body to it leaves a scent that a man will travel with whether he gets it himself or not." "Denny?" Orbit repeated. "Oh, you mean your associate, Riordan? Yes, I re- member he detected the odor of that small blaze here a week ago, when the monkey upset the cigar lighter in my room. Odd faculty, that, eh, Sir Philip?" "Jolly, I fancy. I only wish I had it!" 8 A 594 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. Sir Philip chuckled. "My man makes away with my cigars at a shockin' rate, but I never can catch him at it, the cheeky beggar! I say, no one's disturbed our board, have they?" "Indeed, no," Orbit replied. "I gave strict orders and we can finish to-night. Sir Philip held the amateur chess champion- ship for Great Britain for five years." He added this to McCarty and then turned as Ching Lee appeared again and spoke to him once more in his native tongue. The butler advanced and placed in Mc- Carty's hands the bottle he had seen in Orbit's room two nights before. Has it been uncorked, do you know, since 'twas found beside you?" McCarty regarded the contents critically, removed the cork himself for a cautious whiff. Hur- riedly replacing it, he handed the bottle back to Ching Lee and rose. "I don't think so." Orbit whipped out his handkerchief and pressed it to his nose. "I am susceptible to that odor, at any rate, since Wednesday night! Sorry not to be of any greater help to you. I shall de- pend on you and the inspector to keep me informed of any developments that may arise." Seeing him get up from his chair, Ching Lee had waited to show him out. As Mc- Carty trudged toward the east gate through the driving rain once more he shook his head. Come night, it would be a week since Hughes had been done to death, and the end was not yet clear! He made his way to the lunchroom on Third Avenue which he and Dennis had previously visited and in deference to the day ordered fried oysters. They were long in coming and he rested his elbows wearily on the table. W'as he getting too old for the game, after all? In days gone by when he was in harness he'd have got to the truth long since and though it had been a dog's life in more ways than one he re- gretted more than ever to have left it and grown rusty. All at once he straightened in his chair and sat staring at the cynical warning to "watch your hat and coat" on the wall before him as if the legend was wholly un- familiar to him. The belated appearance of the waitress with the oysters roused him from his stupor and he rose hurriedly. "Don't want 'em!" he muttered thickly. "Gimme the check; I got to beat it!" Spilling a dime onto the table he took the slip of pasteboard, paid for his un- touched food mechanically at the cashier's desk and went out as one in a dream. Once having turned the corner he seemed gal- vanized into life and set off briskly enough for the subway. Twenty minutes later he presented him- self at headquarters. After being closeted with the chief of the detective bureau for some little time he departed armed with certain credentials for the main office of the telephone company. There he spent a long and seemingly un- productive hour going over the calls from the Gotham exchange, which included the New Queen's Mall, for the previous Tues- day. Over Goddard's private wire had gone numerous messages before the call to Blais- dell's studio by Trafford. In the late after- noon when Horace's continued absence had caused alarm there were fully a score of numbers registered before Goddard himself bad summoned McCarty. Orbit's telephone, too, had been busy with the caterer, decorator, florist and a musical agency in connection with the func- tion of the afternoon and three messages to the coal dealer. Innumerable others fol- lowed, presumably sent by guests until the evening was far advanced. Only four calls had been sent from the Bellamy house and they appeared to have been made by the lady herself, for they were to modiste, hairdresser, perfumer, and a prominent department store. Parsons's number, besides local trades- men, had been connected with a foreign consulate, several charitable societies and a banking house, while the Sloane household had communicated with Dr. Allonby, a drug store, an agency for male nurses, the office number of a noted financier and several residence numbers of well-known social lights. McCarty copied one or two from each list and sallied forth to verify them, but although the afternoon was long, twilight ANNIHILATION. 595 had not yet come when he returned to his rooms and entered cautiously. They had not been intruded upon on this occasion, however, but he remained only long enough to secure the page torn from the encyclopedia. Then he slopped out again through the teeming street to the fire house which domiciled Engine Company No. 023. Dennis was matching nickels with Mike in the dormitory and reaping a rich har- vest. He hastily promised the loser his re- venge later and slid down the pole to join McCarty. "I've looked for you all afternoon!" he declared reproachfully, adding: "You've news! I can see it in the eye of you, and I might have known something would start whilst I was out of it!" "There's nothing new," McCarty re- sponded quietly. "I've a queer notion in my head, but it's too sickening to spring, even after all we know has happened, till I get hold of something to back it up. Parsons phoned for me this morning--the old gentleman himself--and told me the truth about what was missing since Wednes- day night, which was no news. He said it was clever, the way you'd disconnected the inside alarm arrangement--" "Me!" Dennis's leathery countenance blanched. "'Tis what I get for letting you lead me into breaking the law! Now I'll get thrown out of the department and pinched, and Molly will change the baby's name!" "Oh, Parsons did not know 'twas you, Denny; he just said it had been cleverly done," McCarty hastened to explain. "I sprung it on him about Porter and Radley, and asked him what would he do if a fellow escaped that he thought was innocent and came to him. He spoke up quick that he'd turn him over to the authorities anyway; 'twould be his higher duty to our social fabric, whatever that is." "It would, would it?" Dennis ejacu- lated in fine scorn. "The social fabric could go to blazes for all of me, but I'd stick to a pa], innocent or no! Howsom- ever, I've not the grand, cold blooded prin- ciples of him! You know the poor devil's been caught, crazier than a loon?" McCarty nodded. "Porter knows it, too. He's beaten it, for fear he'll be sent up for hiding him." He finished his account of the morning's in- terview and then drew the torn page from his pocket. "There's more to this thing about the Calabar bean that I didn't read you, Denny, so I brought it around, and maybe 'twill give us an idea. Listen: ' Calabar bean. Ordeal nut. The seed of Physostigma ven-en-osum, a twining, half shrubby plant, native of Africa--'" "What of it?" Dennis was frankly bored. How is that going to help?" "Wait a bit. 'The kernel is hard and white, and yields its virtue to alcohol and less perfectly to water.'" "I'll bet it does, or they'd never have got it down Hughes, if what we've heard of his habits is straight!" interrupted Den- nis, his interest once more aroused. "There you've got it, Mac! Find the last one he took a drink with, and you'll have the guy that croaked him!" "That's not all." McCarty began again: "'The beans are reddish gray, or' --um-- 'kidney shaped, and about the size'-- never mind that. 'Care should be taken to avoid spontaneous--'" "Did you trail around here in all the rain to give me a botany lesson?" Dennis demanded indignantly. "'Tis not from any book you'll be learning the truth. I was that upset last night, what with the re- volver shot and all, that I never thought to ask you: but what did the old guy you know uptown say about that busted blue balloon? Could he make out from the way it was rotting before our eyes the kind of gas there was in it?" McCarty hesitated and then said slowly: "Denny, you'll mind the other night after we had examined it I put it in a cracker box while we went for a bite to eat, and when we came home you saw me hunting around for something?" "You were trying to whistle, too!" Den- nis nodded. "That always means you think you're putting something over! What was it?" "I was hunting for that cracker box. I knew the minute we came back into the room somebody'd been there, for there 596 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. was the stale smell of a heavy cigar on the air, not as if he'd been smoking right then, but the scent of it was strong on him as he passed through the place. When I found the missing box I knew what he'd come for." "Think of that now! Do you know what it means, Mac? The murderer knows you, and not the medical examiner's assist- ant, had taken it from the conservatory. I wonder if he followed us from then on? The sight of us parading through the streets with all them balloons would have told him we were on if he wasn't blind!" Dennis grinned. "Leave the medical examiner find out what kind of gas was it; we know how 'twas give to her, though not what busted the balloon right in her face nor how the gas got in it. The notion come to me that 'twas not meant to kill Lucette, anyway." "Not kill her!" exclaimed McCarty. "The first whiff of it must have knocked her cold!" "But what if it was intended for the baby and not for her?" Dennis lowered his voice. "What if the murderer has a craze for killing children? I've heard tell of such things, and so have you. Suppose Hughes was poisoned by mistake in the first place for Ching Lee, so that little Fu Moy wouldn't be protected? Then Horace was taken away and maybe killed, and the Bellamy baby was next on the list--" "Denny, you're running wild!" McCarty interrupted in his turn. "The murderer's brain has got a twist to it, but he's not as crazy as all that. Baby killers are just stupid, low brutes without the shrewdness or knowledge to plan such crimes as we're up against now. We're fighting a mind, not a fist with a knife or a club in it." "So you've been saying!" Dennis re- torted disgustedly. "That comes of those books you've been reading. Whilst you've been figuring out his ancestors and the blood that's in him to decide is he in the 'born' or 'habit' class, like that diagnostic book of yours has it, he's been having an Old Home Week in the Mall, kidnaping and killing right and left! 'Twill be a week to-night--" McCarty beat a hasty retreat and took his solitary way to the restaurant, where he ate a hearty dinner to make up for the deferred lunch. Then he returned to the Mall to prowl about like an unquiet if somewhat too material ghost. The rain had stopped at last, and although the sky was still partially overcast, the glimmer of a few stars gave promise of a clear dawn. Lights were brilliant in the Sloane, Parsons and Orbit residences, but low in Goddard's and Mrs. Bellamy's, where the lady had been in a hysterical state since the murder of her baby's nurse. Yost had been relieved from his post at the mortuary to take the place of the night watchman, and McCarty walked up and down with him for more than an hour, discussing the strange chain of tragedies. All at once as they passed the court next to the Goddard house, he heard a low, coax- ing masculine voice. Investigating, they came upon Trafford bending over something which lay in the shadows. "Come on, old fellow!" the tutor was saying. "Come along in the house like a good boy! Horace isn't here, Max--it's no good waiting--" "'Tis a strange acting dog, and no mis- take, Trafford," McCarty remarked. The tutor looked up. "He's grieving himself to death," he said. "He hasn't touched a morsel of food since Tuesday, though we've tempted him with everything; and he is so weak he can scarcely stand. He waits about out here all the time for Horace to come home. I've got to get him in now if I have to carry him." At this juncture, however, Max rose lan- guidly to his feet and began sniffing at Mc- Carty's boots, whining softly. "Tis like he was trying to talk!" the latter exclaimed. "I wish he could, if he knows anything," Trafford replied sadly. "If Horace isn't found soon, his mother will lose her mind. McCarty, can't you people do any thing? Even to know the--the worst would be better than this horrible uncertainty and suspense!" "The lad's disappearance is not the half of what we're up against, Trafford," Mc- Carty reminded him. "We're doing every- thing mortal to find him, and soon, maybe ANNIHILATION. 597 to-morrow, we're going to take a big chance." He watched while the tutor led the dog into the house. Then, shaking his head, he proceeded to Orbit's, and rang the bell. It was little Fu Moy, resplendent in his em- broidered serving jacket, who opened the door and, without announcing him, beck- oned and preceded him to the library, where the last interview had taken place. The room was in deep shadow save for the glow from the hearth and a single broad beam from a bridge lamp which played down upon a chessboard laid out on a small table. At opposite sides of it two silent, intent figures sat as immovably as graven images. If they were aware of Mc- Carty's appearance they made no sign. Were they hypnotized, or something? The two of them couldn't be asleep, sitting bolt upright like that! McCarty waited a good five minutes, and then advanced slow- ly into the room, but still they appeared oblivious. Orbit was sitting forward, his eyes glued on the board, his hands clasped and elbows resting on the arms of the chair, but the florid faced Englishman appeared to be gazing off into space with the intent yet absent look of one absorbed in profound concentration. Then slowly Orbit's right had disengaged itself from the other, and he moved a piece upon the board, his hand almost mechani- cally seeking its former position. A little smile twitched at the corners of Sir Philip's mouth, and with a swift in- take of his breath he moved, sweeping from the board the figure of shining white with which Orbit had just played. The latter instantly lifted his head and raised his eyes to the high, beamed ceiling, and with the slight gesture the first sound broke the still- ness, as a muffled, barely audible exclama- tion came from Sir Philip's throat. Orbit made one more move and then glanced in amused commiseration at his friend. "Checkmate, Sir Philip! I shall give you your revenge in London next season!" "I say, old son, that was damned clever! Led me right into ambush, what? I wish some of the masters could have seen it! Oh, there you are, McCarty! Are you a chess player, by any chance?" "No, sir." McCarty advanced a step farther. "Mr. Orbit, Fu Moy showed me straight in, and I waited so as not to disturb you." "That's all right!" Orbit nodded pleas- antly. "Our game is over. You have news for me?" Of a sort recall saying on Wednesday that you thanked Heaven the Bellamy baby was old enough to talk?" "Yes!" Orbit responded eagerly. "I have tried several times to see Mrs. Bel- lamy and little Maude. The mother is still almost overcome by the narrow escape of her child from the same terrible death the poor nurse suffered, and will not permit it out of her sight for a moment, while she herself is too prostrated to see any one." "The little one talked to me the other day," McCarty vouchsafed. "She did? Why didn't you tell me?" Orbit pushed back his chair and rose. "Did she see any one, hear anything? Tell me, for God's sake! This may be most im- portant." His fine eyes had lighted, and the latent excitement seemed to have communicated itself to his guest, for Sir Philip also rose. "No, sir. She knew no more than you or I, but she kept asking for her balloon. It seems Lucette had bought it for her off a wop by the gate just before you invited them in. 'Twas a blue one, the baby said, and she was persistent about it, but I recall seeing no toy balloon in that conservatory. Did you?" "No." Orbit shook his head. "I really don't know, though; I didn't notice partic- ularly. Surely it couldn't have had any- thing to do with the case, though. What is it, Fu Moy?" The little coffe boy spoke rapidly in Chinese, and after a moment Orbit turned with a gesture which took in both Sir Philip and McCarty. "I am wanted on the telephone. Will you excuse me?" When he had left the room the English- man glanced again at the chessboard with the self-centered absorption of the enthu- siast. 598 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. "Too bad you didn't understand that play. Dash it all! Very clever! On the twenty-first move, his knight captured my pawn. Check. I moved the king to the queen's square. By Jove, he moved the queen to the bishop's sixth. Check. Ah! I captured his queen with my knight, and then the bally Orbit moved his bishop to king's seventh. Checkmate! Devilish trick, I should say. Really, McCarty, he had served me with what is known in chess par- lance as 'the immortal Partie.'" "Checkmate," repeated McCarty slow- ly. "That means calling the turn, then, blocking every play. And the secret of it is --looking ahead." TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK VISIONS BLEAK the autumn night without, Cold the hearth within. Loud the gale with roar and rout, Doleful clash and din. Swirling clouds are scurrying by-- Restless spirits they: Melting, merging, still they fly; Doom comes with the day. Though the tempest's towering arm Rock the flaming skies, There be places, hidden, calm. Where his fury dies. So my spirit, void of will, Restless, ever flies Round a center that is still, Wherein dreamland lies. Raging storms of passion cease On this hallowed shore; Tempest wrath is stilled, and peace Bideth evermore. Dreamland visions cluster round, Visions of the past; Wraiths of days, all spectral gowned-- Days too fond to last. Wraiths of many another scene-- Scenes I hold full dear. And the dearer might-have-been-- These in dreams appear. So I, counting storm and strife As but things that seem, Find a richer, sweeter life In the land of dreams. Harold White . Overcharged By  WINONA GODFREY FOR the first time since that niftiest, custom-built sport mode! car had hit him amidships, -Mr. Nevin Jenkins Lashbroofce did not have a distinct pain, nevertheless his young brow remained dis- tinctly clouded. Kis mother always called him "Nevin dear," and he had carefully fostered his schooldays nickname "Jenks," which made mother shudder. Iioth names fit pretty well. Manlike, he preferred the world to think him all "Jenks," although he knew well enough that ihere was a hideous- ly large strain of Nevin in his secret soul. He lay on a couch in his room at Mrs. MacAllister's, a large, shabby, sunny room in the back of the house whose windows overlooked Mrs. Mac's hilarious tangle of garden, with the fig tree that was her special pride in the middle of it. His scowl deep- ened as he heard his best friend Tim Atkins saying on the stairs: "No, don't bother. I'll go right up!" Darn Tim and his facetiousness. Tim, in his own patter, "blew in." "Hello, old kid, how goes it? Right as rain, I hear. Met the eminent Dr. Green- ways just outside--said you all but threw him out, and he fully expected you to be as good as new in another few days. Feel- ing all right?" "Oh, sure," growled Nevin. Mr. Atkins dropped into a chair and lighted a cigarette, then he leaned forward and inquired in a mock-thrilled whisper. "Any callers to-day?" Nevin glared at him. How in thunder he had stayed on good terms all these years with this insufferable ass! Tim grinned back. "What's a broken collar-bone when served with all the ingredi- ents of romance! Just nothing a-tall! Of all the luck! Now if it had been me, some farmer in a Ford would have broken a leg for me and sued me for damages. But you --ah! You and them beaux yeux and Miss Beresford Lane! You were hit by a ford. Beres-ford! Never thought of that before! That's good. Hit in the collar-bone by a couple of millions and every day they've come over and held your hand!" Silence from the invalid. About every day Tim had played this humorous theme 599 600 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. with variations. He inspected Nevin now with a little surprise, not understanding why he was not being more cheered-up by this kidding. Must not be feeling so good after all. Tim's loud cheerful tones lowered. "Say, it was tough luck. Just when you were on your way to collect the reward of virtue! She ought to be in jail--tearing along at that rate. You know, I was think- ing about her this morning when I stopped at Jim's to have the battery tested. Over- charged, that's what she is! Nothing to do but play, nothing to think of but dress and dance and flirt and how to spend mon- ey. Not a responsibility or a need, and the very devil of a dynamo piling up en- ergy all the time and urging her into seven kinds of mischief. Yep, overcharged, that's what she is." Tim paused, much pleased with his analogy, and to find Lashbrooke interested. I expect that's so," the latter thought- fully agreed. "Come to think of it," Tim pursued, "didn't the papers say that Grace Wray- burn was a pal of this Lane girl? You know, old Wrayburn's daughter that got in- to that mess with a riding-master? It was one of those things. I forget just what." "Oh, I never read that rot," said Nevin irritably. "Well, they're an overcharged bunch." Tim repeated the adjective with relish. "The little Wraybum was just playing around, but there was an awful explosion." He looked at his watch, and rose. "Must be getting back. Only had a few minutes." "I'll be down Monday," said Nevin with- out enthusiasm. "All right. Fine! I'll tell the old man. And say, June was asking after you again." He shook Nevin's hand. "Now shout if I can do anything for you." The convalescent seemed relieved by Tim's exit. If he'd just get away before-- But no, young Mr. Atkins's most amiable tones once more rose from below: "Oh, good-morning, Miss Lane! How are you this morning? Fine!--coming along in great style--" "Oh, damn," commented Mr. Nevin Lashbrooke. Then a murmur of feminine voices; Mrs. Mac's robust soprano, and that other so cool, so clear, so assured, so individual, that it could not possibly belong to anybody in the world but to Miss Beresford Lane. In another moment she had entered to him. Having two--or ten--million dollars in her own right, it goes without saying that Beresford was a beauty. As a hundred-a- month stenographer the designation would probably have been just "Some girl!" She did not have the chiseled bisque-doll fea- tures of a film queen, but Nevin was about the only man she'd ever met who did not, consciously or unconsciously, try to hold her hand just a teeny second longer. No figurine from Tanagra could show a more exquisite body--nor much more frankly in bathing suit and evening gown--than this Daughter of Today, but in street-dress as now, slim, boyish straightness, matchless ankles. After a greeting as comradely as Tim's, she sat there cross-legged in his one rocking- chair, saying she bet he was glad he wouldn't have to lie around much longer, and "I expect you'd like to give me a black eye, just for good measure, now wouldn't you?" He laughed with her, not very whole- heartedly and she looked a little as if she didn't quite make him out and was puz- zled by such an unheard-of impasse. Did he really value his collar-bone more than an introduction to Berry Lane! Astonish- ing. At least not to say it was worth it. Springing to repair something, he hardly knew what, after all his carefulness he blundered horribly. "It was my own fault --not looking where I was going. You see the firm was sending me on rather an im- portant trip, to Buenos Aires, and I was rushing around and--" Idiot! What was he blabbing that for! \ She leaned forward. "You were! No- body told me that." He had promised to kill Tim if he hinted it to her. "And you've been delayed all this time. Oh, I'm awfully sorry, Mr. Lashbrooke! Are you going, then, as soon as you're able?" "Well--ah--no." Oh, he should certain- ly kick himself for that slip. "You see, somebody had to go right away, so they-- of course they had to send another man." OVERCHARGED. 601 His only hope now was to make her think it didn't matter. "There was no difficulty about that," he assured her lightly. She was regarding him so thoughtfully that he squirmed. "I suppose not," she said. "But you--I can see you wanted to go." "Why, I was glad to get out of it," he lied wildly. It was no use. He knew that with her infernal intuition she knew just as well as if he had told her, that it was his big chance, a chance that might have led to wonderful things. He had worked hard and he was twenty-eight. It was oppor- tunity at last giving him a hope of getting his nose off the grindstone. Nobody had ever handed him anything on a silver platter and just as he had pulled himself up to take something well-earned, this girl who'd had everything handed to her brushed by and knocked the whole thing out of his hand. And now to his misery he perceived that she guessed it. He had kept the bitterness of his disap- pointment even from Tim, and he had not even to himself coupled it with any other emotion. Now of a sudden he hated with fury this lying here weakly. He wanted, not in envy or revenge, but oh, he wanted fiercely their positions to be reversed--he saw himself, magnificent in his young strength, striding from some wreck or other, her limp figure in his arms-- With one of those quick, characteristic movements, she was at his side. "It was bad enough to hurt you without doing you a lot of other damage, too! Isn't there something I can do to fix it? Oh, please don't hesitate, if there is." She looked down at him half-expectantly. and he actually felt rising to his ridiculous tongue a hoarse, imperious whisper--"Only kiss me." He bit it off, to substitute: "Oh, come, you're making a mountain out of nothing. Please don't bother about it a bit more. It's all over and no eternal damage done." It was as if he had pushed her away, but "I'm glad to hear that." she returned in the old cool assuredness. "We can shake hands, then, and part friends? Oh, don't get up." He got to his slippered feet, though. "You've been more than kind," he told her. "Please don't think me unapprecia- tive." He was so formal, so very final about it. He took her hand, immediately- released it. "Good-by," she said. "Will you come to see me some time and let me know you've quite recovered?" "Thank you, I'll be delighted to come." She smiled back from the door looking directly into his eyes. There was laughter in hers, whimsical challenge--and something else. "Good-by." II. On an evening three weeks or so later, he parked the little roadster he and Tim owned together in the Lane driveway and walked up to the elegant entrance. It was his first call and he had promised himself all the way out that it would be his last. He had not meant to see her again, but a few days before she had driven up along- side as he was walking home. "Quite recovered, I see," she called gayly. "Quite, thank you." Some common- places, and then: "Aren't you coming to see me at all?" So--here he was. The Lane house stood on a hill-top, and Nevin looked out as over a tremendous diamond stomacher of glittering city, twink- ling off into dark-blue distances. The great house towered over him, the wide gardens spread sweet and dim around it, and it all belonged to one girl--no old woman lives in this shoe--she has so much money she don't know what to do-- A butler had opened the door.  Nevin was not sTfewn into the drawing room, but into a smaller living-room, very tasteful, very comfortable, very charming. He was annoyed to have it occur to him that his yearly income would not pay for this one room's furnishings. She came down at once, and after all, she was beautiful, wasn't she? No chaperon spoiled their tete-a-tete. Some old cousins of her mother's lived with her, he under- stood, but they did not presume to appear.- Enchanted night! And what were the 602 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. mad antics, the intoxications, the varied delights of this enchantment? Oh, they just talked. What about that was so en- grossing? Oh--well--nothing special. And she sang a couple of songs from a new musical comedy she had seen in New York and read him some verses of Edna Millay's that she found delicious. That was all. He would leave early, of course, so he looked at his watch after about three- quarters of an hour, and it was two minutes to twelve! She came out on the veranda with him and stood there so slim and sweet in the spangled midnight, and it was so still and cool and there was no world about them really, no work nor money nor anxiety nor pride, there was only Berry Lane with bare arms on a hill-top. He must take her hand for good night, he must look into her moon- pale face, he must see her fresh lips part-- must feel his own against them-- III. Queerest thing how you can just shoot through space--and queerer even how you got through it without hitting any solid objects until the squeal of brakes brought you plump against Mrs. Mac's garage. Nevin trod air around to the front door and was floating on upstairs when on the little stand in the hall he saw a letter ad- dressed to him. It had been there doubtless when he came home to dress for his call, but his mail usually came to the office and he expected none here. Mrs. Mac had propped it up against a book so as to attract his attention. It was from his mother. He had not told her of his accident until he was well, had then passed over it as of no consequence. This was her answer. Mother and son usually kept house to- gether. This winter, however, Mrs. Lash- brooke, called by the illness of her only sister, had gone to her in the little mid- Western city where Nevin was born. Giving up their little flat for economy's sake, Nevin had taken this room at Mr?. Mac- Allister's, and it would not be true to say that he had not enjoyed his freedom. In his room he glanced through the letter, knowing just what she would say--suddenly he registered attention, surprise. Nevin, how wonderful for you to have met Miss Lane! And in this way that must surely interest her in you. I know she has never met a brighter, handsomer boy than mine. I have heard she has two millions in her own right, or is it ten? There was more of the same. Nevin's eyes cooled, his mouth set. In her excite- ment mother had said, not more than she meant, but more than she would have dis- creetly admitted that she meant had she been talking to him. If it had been any other girl he would have laughed at dear silly mother wanting him to ensnare an heiress. This was different. And sillier. For the next week his assiduous attention to his duties was almost painful. His en- tire business life had been spent in the em- ploy of the Presswell Electric Appliance Company. He had entered it as the merest lad, given it his best. After the war he had marveled at his luck in getting the dear old job back. If since he was not advanc- ing as rapidly as he wished, he consoled himself with the idea that it was a good place to hang on to anyway, aside from the fact that on account of mother he could afford to take no gambling chances. Old Mr. Presswell must retire before so very long. That meant reorganization, and with newer methods, a general speeding-up, the old firm should become a power in its line, should carry up with it all the faithful ones. This morning, coming in from lunch, he ran into June Barker, old Mr. Presswell s stenographer. "What's the matter? Trying to work yourself to death?" Her friendly eyes scrutinized him while she removed her hat and touched her hair here and there with nicely manicured fingers. She was a neat, fresh-looking girl, not exactly pretty, per- haps, a wholesome, efficient sort of person. "Well, I have been busy." he said, and suddenly realized how completely he had forgotten June of late. He had been in the habit of seeing her quite frequently, of spending an occasional evening at her house, taking her to the movies or perhaps to call upon young friends, maybe for a ride cut to OVERCHARGED. 603 the beach on his nights to have the little car. "Feeling all right again?" "Oh, yes, surely." They had had good times together; it was a shame to neglect her as he had been doing. "We haven't been to a movie for a coon's age, have we? Want to go some night?" A faint flush warmed her face. "Of course I do. 'Most any night." "To-night?" She nodded yes, smilingly. "All right. Fine. We'll have a little dinner at Marie's, shall we?" She was ob- viously delighted. He felt cheered up a bit. Come to think of it he had felt pretty dumpy lately. He had been more dashed about that Buenos Aires business than he cared to admit. They made very merry at dinner. June was unusually animated, most appreciative of any little joke. Only once did she be- come the business woman for a moment. "Did you feel awfully bad about losing out on that Buenos Aires trip?" she asked. "Oh--not so bad," he fenced. "It was a good chance, but well, it couldn't be helped." "Maybe I shouldn't mention this, Nevin." She looked at him gravely. "You know we've expected old Mr. Presswell to retire before another hundred years. Well, quite a few things have happened lately that make me think it's going to happen sooner." He was interested. "Is that so?" "Yes. Now, of course, I don't mean anything definite, but things have been said that gave me a hunch. You know I believe if they found a buyer, the Presswells would sell out." He stared at her earnest little face. That the old firm would really change hands had never been thought of. That would make a tremendous difference to everybody. No guessing all it might mean. "Nothing to worry about, anyway," said June. "It might mean bigger things. I just thought I'd tell you, Nevin." "Thanks," he said slowly. Years of service might mean nothing to new people-- Oh, well, sure enough, no use worrying about something that hadn't happened yet. They came out of the restaurant into such a delicious twilight that June pro- tested against going into the theater at once. "Let's ride out a way, and then maybe we'll run across some neighborhood bill that we'd like to see." He agreed, and presently headed the little car toward the sea. But at Western and Wilshire there was a bad traffic jam. Somebody had rammed a bumper under somebody's fender, and the halted motors, according to their short-sighted custom, nosed into every space and so stopped all progress. Nevin's little car drew in along- side a limousine whose uniformed chauffeur eyed him with hauteur. "Oh, look!" June whispered. "Isn't that Berry Lane?" He had already seen her. Yes, wrapped in an elaborate evening-coat that opened a little at the throat revealing a hint of decollete, sitting beside a young man in a dinner-jacket whose head was turned in- terestedly toward her--Miss Beresford Lane. Yes, he had already seen her, and she had seen him. And just as he saw without looking at them, the big car and the smart young man and the pearls around her neck, she saw the little car and the nice girl and the content of her face. Their eyes met. She bow'ed and smiled, he bowed and smiled. The big car darted easily forward and left the little one behind. Nevin became very intent on his driving, and they had gone several blocks before June spoke either. "I know that chap, too. It's Billy Deming. His father's president of the Security Trust where I used to work." "Yes?" said Nevin. "He's quite a nice fellow," she went on casually. "I mean likable, but a good deal of a cake-eater, I guess. Maybe he'll marry Miss Lane though, and won't ever have to work." "Probably." "I've wondered about those marriages. It's considered so romantic for a poor girl to marry a rich man I don't know why it seems some way sordid for a poor man to marry a rich girl. If it's all right for a rich man to buy the girl he wants, it ought to be all right for a rich girl to buy the man 604 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. she wants! That's equality, isn't it?" she laughed. She was making conversation, not knowing exactly why it needed making. "Ought to work both ways," said Nevin. "Somebody ought to make a comedy about it, like these, about the millionaire that marries the shopgirl and his set snubs her. That one's been done to death." "Ought to make a good comc-dy," judged Nevin. June, for no reason, sighed. "Well, I suppose a girl like Berry Lane can have any man she wants, rich or poor. Seems to me, though, if I had everything and had been everywhere and seen oodles of men, I wouldn't want Billy Deming." "Think not?" said Nevin. Then they changed the subject, but he had wanted to ask why June thought Berry Lane could have any man she wanted. On the second morning he received this note: Dear Mr. Lashbrooke: I'm having some friends in Friday evening, and I'd like to have you drop in if you've nothing better to do. Not a party. Do, please come. Sincerely, Beresford Lane. Why in thunder should he want to waste a good evening with a lot cf dolls and wiliy- boys? He certainly did not want to. He'd send his regrets. Spent all Wednesday evening composing and revising same. Spent his spare time Thursday and Friday buying a new dinner-jacket and new shirts and collars. Decided Friday night as he was shaving that he would phone unex- pected business--sorry he'd lie unable to make it. At eight thirty sharp he drove up the Lane driveway in a taxi, it being Tim's night to use the "boat." Jui!2 would have called it a party. There were six couples besides Nevin and Berry, not that there was any reason for such arbitrary pairing, since it seemed that two or three of the girls had come together. They sang and danced and ate and flirted. One of the girls, a Miss Wellworth, called for some inexplicable reason "Bumps," made eyes at Nevin. They all seemed to know that Nevin was the smashee of Berry's "smash," and there were a good many jokes about it. "Why, I'm having a good time," he was surprised to discover. He danced with Berry. He did not have much to say to her, and she did not chatter through the dance like the other girls. For one thing he just danced with these other girls--and he was conscious of having Berry Lane in his arms. Once she said mischievously: "June is a sweet girl, isn't she?" "What do you know about June?" His surprise seemed to amuse her. "Oh, Billy told me the other night. I think he is a little sweet on her himself." Nevin made ready to go when the others did, remarking Billy Deming lingering in the background. "I've had an awfully good time," he said to Berry. "I'm glad. But I suppose you'll never call me up or come again unless you're dragged," she smiled. Maybe she did not know that he was thinking of the last time he was here. Certainly she gave no sign that she remembered it. Miss Wellworth put a hand on his arm and began to chatter about a party she was going to have. In the confusion no one noticed that he had no car and he had not called a taxi, so presently he was walking down sedately to the nearest car line. Not floating as on that former occasion; no, to-night, his feet were on the ground. "I'm falling in love with her," he ad- mitted .now honestly. "And I've got to stop it before I'm hurt like the devil. There's nothing in playing with this set for a fellow like me. I haven't time and I haven't the money. It's simply bad business. How could I marry a girl like that? And she would never think of marrying me any- way. It's all play with her. I'm new and those were cozy little talks we had when I was laid up there, and she has nothing else to do. It's just play for her, but it will be hell for me if I don't pull up." He had not noticed the car line when he came to it, just kept on walking. It was three o'clock when he stole upstairs at Mrs. Mac's. But that good lady cocked an ear in spite of his caution. "My land, this is the first time that boy hasn't been in by twelve. I hope he ain't gettin' into mischief now his ma's away." OVERCHARGED. 605 He could have told her he was doing his best, and he was pretty full of the struggle next day when, as he was leaving after a little conference with Mr. Presswell, the latter stopped him. "By the way, Lashbrooke, I know you were disappointed about the South American trip. You've been pretty loyal to us, and I'd like to see you get on. Now this is strictly between ourselves. This business may, I say may, pass into other hands." "Oh--" Nevin's eyes widened. "In such an event," continued the old gentleman, "I want to say that you, among others, will be recommended highly to the new owners." "Thank you very much," said Nevin. But his heart sank. The Presswells were simply going to "pass the buck." Any new owner would as likely as not consider the old Presswell men dead wood. After all, what did it matter? What did anything matter? As she had predicted, he did not com- municate with Berry Lane, but he took June to the theater, picking the first West- ern performance of a popular Eastern play. Everybody would be there. They were. She sat two rows in front and to Nevin's left, and between acts she saw him and spoke sweetly. "We're always running into her, aren't we?" June giggled. "Got another cavalier to-night, I see. Goodness, the money those girls spend on clothes!" She went on in her chatty way. "Just look at her wrap-- five thousand dollars if it cost a cent. And just think of the families that haven't got that a year. Why, I don't know a young married couple that have more than twenty- five hundred, and most of them have babies, too." Nevin had three thousand. He mumbled something and moved uneasily. All of a sudden he was struck by June's look of satisfaction. He had not been really think- ing of her at all, but this attention had pleased her. She had said how extravagant he was to buy these seats--she liked the balcony perfectly well. Nevertheless she regarded that extravagance as a subtle com- pliment. What was he doing? He liked June. She was nice, jolly little pal. A girl like June would marry a man and keep house gayly and efficiently on whatever he had. That's what he'd do if he had any sense-- marry some girl like June. It would be so suitable. The house darkened and he watched to see if the footlights might not cast a golden reflection on the face of Berry Lane. June relaxed contentedly beside him. IV. THE deal had gone through. The hold- ings of the Presswell Company had passed completely into the hands of the Great Western Electric Company. The excite- ment, the ill-concealed anxiety of the Press- well employees was heightened by the mys- tery surrounding the whole transaction. No- body had ever heard of the Great W'estern. It was a brand new concern. Wild rumors about it came from every direction. It was pretty generally conceded that the Great Western had walked in at the last moment and by an enormous cash payment taken the thing right away from the origi- nal negotiators. Nevin did not understand his own in- difference in what was surely a crisis in his life. If the Great Western did not want him, he guessed he could get a job some- where. About the only feeling he had about it was that of relief that his mother wasn't there to worry. Then an amazing letter, from which this paragraph stood out as if written in red In connection with Ihc taking over by the Great Western Electric Company of the Press- well Works, the undersigned desire to consult with you upon a matter of groat importance to yourself. And there was the signature of Blessing- ton &amp; Burbage, the biggest lawyers in town, through whom the Preswell transaction had been handled. Nevin could hardly believe his eyes. Why, this is wild. Blessington &amp; Burbage! Consulting with an insignifi- cant underling like himself! It must be a mistake. It must be. Mention of Blessington &amp; Burbage ob- tained instant permission to answer their call. 606 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. Mr. Burbage received him cordially. Some preliminary generalities about high recommendations from the retiring com- pany. He would understand that Mr. Bur- bage was merely acting as agent for the Great Western, which was prepared to in- stall Mr. Lashbrooke as general manager oj the new company! This was one of those fantastic ones. Nevin couldn't remember having eaten any- thing special--funny what made you dream these absurd situations. This one was on a par with riding around on a whale picking daisies. He smiled, and waited to wake up. Mr. Burbage smiled back. "You're pretty young, of course." he said, "but I understand you've practically grown up with-thg Presswells and know the business from the ground up. It should be a wonder- ful opportunity to show what young blood and ideas can do." Nevin's eyes kindled, his jaw set. "Oh, I can do it! But--but--" He fell back into bewilderment. Rubbed his forehead, would have pinched himself but for Mr. Burbage's steady gaze. "But I don't un- derstand Mr. Burbage! There's no sense to it. Why should the Great Western-- why, they don't know me. I haven't the slightest notion as to a single person con- nected with the Great Western. I can't imagine business--big business men--elect- ing a young fellow like me in this offhand way. I don't say I'm not competent. I can swing it all right. I know i can do that, but how do they know it--the men who have put their good money into this deal?" Mr. Burbage smiled again, and it seemed to Nevin that his smile had grown a bit knowing. "Your curiosity is pardonable, Mr. Lashbrooke," said he, "and entirely understandable in a young man of your evident good sense. I can only say this, that the Great Western is owned by one person, that final decision lies with that one person, and that one person has elected to name you manager of the business formerly know as the Presswell Company." Nevin stared at him. "And this person is--" Mr. Burbage made a little gesture. "Un- known. I am not supposed to impart to you even the small information I have." "It seems a very unnecessary mystery," Nevin protested. "I don't see any use in it, and frankly, I don't like it. If this person can trust me with the management of a big investment like this, it seems to me I could be trusted with his name. To whom am I responsible? Who is going to keep tab on my management?" "Mr. Lashbrooke, aren't you subjecting the goose who laid the golden egg to an ungrateful scrutiny?" Burbage's small eyes twinkled. "Reports will be made to us, acting as business agents for our client." Nevin found it necessary to apply his handkerchief to his forehead. "It did seem to me," continued Mr. Burbage, and there appeared to be no ob- vious reason \Vhy he should enjoy it so much, "that this was a terrible tax on any young man's curiosity. However, there's no law against putting two and two to- gether, and--" The telephone rang and Mr. Burbage replied, "Oh, yes," to some inquiry. "I have it here." He opened a drawer and took out a paper evidently notes, from which he read some items. He acts as if he thought I did know and was only pretending ignorance," Nevin puzzled. "He acts as if I were just keep- ing up some sort of game. Looks as if he might wink at me any minute!" His glance fell wholly by chance upon that open drawer and upon a document that lay uppermost among its contents. There was a black signature scrawled across it and there was something familiar about that black signa- ture. Then it fairly leaped at him-- BERESFORD LANE Mr. Burbage hung up the receiver, closed the drawer, and as he swung around again in his chair, the slightly knowing smile was returning to his lips. Nevin, with a face like chalk, was already upon his feet. Please inform your client, Mr. Bur- bage, that I am resigning to-day from the Presswell Company, and that I am not open to any offer whatever from the Great Western. Thank you." "But, my dear boy!" gasped Burbage. "Good morning," said Lashbrooke. OVERCHARGED. 607 Of course, the fact that Blessington and Burbage might be Beresford Lane's lawyers meant nothing. There was not the slightest reason in the world to think that she-- But he knew it. Just as well as he knew anything, he knew that Beresford Lane had done this. Even so what was he so furious about? In all the Cinderella stories didn't the prince tactfully see that Cinderella had all the accessories, the proper gowns and hats and jewels before he presented her in his marble halls? And wasn't she properly grateful and think it was just sweet of him? Then if, situations being reversed, the princess tactfully bought a little two or three million dollar business for her Cinders so that he would be suitably equipped for her circles, why should Cinders be in such a towering rage? She just wanted him for a plaything - God knows why!--and to gratify any little whim like that she was willing to spend a million or so. Oh, he saw clearly enough that the only reason she did this was be- cause he had piqued her vanity by not fol- lowing up the opportunity for a flirtation. And if he had weakly told her what she had aroused in him, she would have laughed and gone off to Paris or China or-- Oh. he knew the breed. "Overcharged." She wanted him to know her power. What a fool he had made of himself. He should have accepted blandly and gone out and married June! If she would have him. He knew now why men got drunk in the days when it was handy. He tried to pull himself together. He knew he wasn't thinking straight, couldn't think straight just yet. What a thing to happen! He had just been rushing on, now he turned and went back to the Presswell office. He wasn't so mad now, merely dazed, as if he had been hit a tremendous wallop and hadn't got back much of a sense of direction. He sat down at his desk, fumbled with things, pretended to be busy. When his phone rang presently, he an- swered mechanically. "Mr. Lashbrooke?" It was a low, quiet voice, so very low and quiet and charged with something that suggested nothing less potent than TNT. "Yes," he replied as quietly. "This is Beresford Lane." "Yes, Miss Lane." "I have something to say to you. Some- thing rather important. Could you see me soon? I'm downtown now. Could you meet me some place?" "I suppose I could, if it's very impor- tant." His voice was perfectly level. "It is. If you will be downstairs in ten minutes, I'll drive by and pick you up." "Very well. Thank you." "Thank you." She hung up. He took his hat again and went down- stairs past busy men at desks. What was their business to him? At last he was his own man. Yes, he was out of a job. This business into which he had put brain and heart and hands--all right, this is the end of that. He thought he knew what had happened. Burbage had immediately notified Berry of Nevin's action, and Burbage had been so sure in his own mind that Nevin could not but know the identity of his client that he had doubtless told Berry that Nevin knew. Burbage, too, in looking back for some clew to Nevin's emotional exit would surely re- member the opened drawer and discover what had been made visible by his own withdrawal of the upper note-sheet. He would recall his "two and two--" Berry drew into the curb in the same car with which she had violently made young Mr. Lashbrooke's acquaintance. She was a little pale and she nodded with no smile to his lifted hat. He sat beside her stonily while she threaded traffic. Finally she slipped into a quieter street and she began--straight from the shoulder. "Why did you refuse to become manager of the new company?" "How do you know I refused?" he in- quired ironically. "Burbage phoned me--fatuous old blockhead!" Burbage had undoubtedly re- ceived his full quota. "It seems strange that Mr. Burbage should notify you of my refusal," Nevin drawled. "Let's be frank," she urged curtly. "It hasn't seemed your specialty," sug- gested Nevin. 608 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. She bit her lip, after a moment, went on: "Please tell me why you would not accept such an opportunity." "It was my privilege to refuse it." "But wasn't it a big opportunity for any young man?" This more gently. "Wonderful, of course." "And if it had come from a Great West- ern Company--of men," she persisted, "you would have been delighted to accept it?" "Very likely." "That's why I tried to stay out of sight," she said. "It wasn't possible not to." "I don't see what put such an idea in your head!" he groaned. "I felt it was my fault that you lost the South American trip. I heard the Press- well Company was selling out, and I had Burbage investigate. I learned that the purchasing company would not advance you, although it would probably retain the South American man and make that an important unit. I wanted to make it up to you." "So you bought the whole works, like a rocking-horse for the baby!" They were getting out of town now. The speedometer whirled up to forty-five under the urge of her foot, dropped back slowly to a lawful thirty. "I don't see why it should make such a difference to you who happened to own the old thing." Her voice was not so steady as it it had been. "Well, it does make a difference." "You mean you wouldn't work for me if it was the last place in the world, I sup- pose," she cried angrily. "Put it any way you like." "I thought we could be friends." "Well, we can't," he said drearily. "Oh, you're hateful!" she flung at him. "And I've humbled myself this way!" "Humbled me, you mean." She turned on him like a little cat all claws. "I could have made you want me --so much that you couldn't resist! But I wouldn't! I wanted--" She stopped as short as she had stopped the car, and turned her face from him. "All right," he answered in a low voice. You could. You can buy and have every- thing in the world, can't you? You always have, and you can't understand anything else." "I'm sorry I said that," she murmured. "I knew all along it was just that," he went on. "You only wanted to put your mark on me. Because you were sure it was your divine prerogative to put it wherever you fancied. I don't see why you should begrudge me a little self-respect." "Oh, damn it!" she groaned out with a sob. A terrible sadness ached in his throat. Be- yond the red-headed pepper-trees, the brown hills were dressing in green, a meadow-lark called liquidly, mocking-birds caroled their satisfaction with Earth. If only this were all the world, and there was no money and no pride and no bitter- ness--oh, if this were all the world. "And you, my sweet Penelope, out there somewhere you wait for me, 'With buds of roses in your hair and kisses on your mouth.'" Oh, to be alone in such a world, not with you, Penelope, but with Berry Lane. Our little lives are almost as short as the butter- flies'. What is the good of all the rest, if we let our only love go by? Something took his proud ful arms and put them around her and turned her face to his and his lips found hers. They pressed his fiercely, and when he looked at her, tears showed on her lashes. Then she sat up. "Now that you've punished me properly. I suppose you'll go and marry June--June, June, that you're such pals with!" He laughed rapturously. "Do you think I will?" he whispered. "It is so sweet to be silly." "Well," said Beresford Lane, "I've run over you and after you and cried over you and moved heaven and earth to get you, and you're bought and paid for, and I don't think you will." Darling! If you're not good when we're married, I'll remind you of that." "Don't you dare! And another thing I'd like to have settled while we're settling things. Are you or are you not the manager of the Great Western Electric Company?" "Yes, dear," said he with mock meek- ness, "I am." 8 A The Black Jarl By  JOHNSTON McCULLEY Author of "The Mark of Zorro," "Hooked," etc. CHAPTER X. THE HOUSE OF HARALD. SOON after the coming of the dawn, Svend the Bloody gave the sign for departure. Out along the forest trail they rode, Svend and Magnus in the lead, and Edvard Haakonsson riding but a pace behind them. Cheering thralls urged them on their way. It was a splendid company, the pick of Svend's warriors, with their best armor and weapons, a handful of his most beautiful shield maidens led by Brynhild, and thralls in fresh kirtles--the best and strongest and most handsome thralls. Those left behind looked upon the de- parture with varying emotions, for all of them would have gone. Some of them, nota- bly the men-at-arms, expected to go shortly, since there had been whisperings, and one of Magnus's most trusted men had been left behind in command. Even Rolf, the stolid shipmaster, gave evidences of excite- ment and breathed like an old war horse, which was unusual in itself. The march was taken leisurely and in comfort through the cool woods. And when the dusk came the company was within a short distance of Harald's house. They camped in the dark forest aisles, building huge fires and roasting meat. No tent was pitched save that of Svend, for the others chose to sleep on the ground, on couches of pine needles. Again they were up at dawn. Svend sent two men ahead to announce their ap- proach to Harald, and then gave commands that everything be put in condition for a proper showing. Wherefore, weapons were This story began in the Argosy-Allstory Weekly for December 1. 9 A 609 610 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. scoured again and secretly sharpened, hel- mets were burnished, and armor newly rubbed. The bright sun was high in the heavens when finally they came to the great clearing before the house of Harald the Just. The gates and doors stood wide open. Thralls in holiday attire ran among the buildings. Gay banners had been flung from the walls. Svend the Bloody led his gallant com- pany to within a short distance of the gates, and there he stopped and waited. Harald the Just came forth to greet him, his men at his back. Svend dismounted and walked slowly forward, his face inscrutable, Mag- nus stalking at his side. "Hail, Svend!" cried Harald the Just, raising his hand. "Hail Svend, my neigh- bor!" "Hail!" Svend replied. "Do you come in peace or war?" Svend seemed to hesitate a moment at the question, but only for a moment. He was committed to this nefarious enterprise, and he could not retreat now. "We come in peace!" he said. "Then is my house yours, Svend the Bloody! Enter, and order as you will, and your company with you. Your maidens will be greeted by those of my household, your warriors by mine. There is food for your thralls, and places of rest. This eve- ning we feast!" Now there was a tumult as Svend's com- pany dismounted and thralls led the horses away. Mcn-at-arms pretended a friendship that they scarcely felt. Though their words were fair when they mingled, yet they watched one another closely, for the two houses had long been enemies, and such things are not forgotten in the passing of a few days. Edvard Haakonsson entered the great hall with Svend and the others, and Harald turned for a moment to greet him particu- larly. The Ax Thrower chaffed because he was compelled by courtesy to stand there with the others and exchange meaningless phrases. It was Thyra his eyes sought, and none other. He glanced around the great room, at its giant fireplace, its long tables already placed for the evening feast. Toward one end there was a short flight of stone steps that led up to a landing and a heavy door. Edvard Haakonsson sensed that this led to the women's quarters, and that Thyra's room was there. Yet it was quite some time before he saw her. Svend and his men were assigned to quarters, and mingled with Harald's men. Svend and Magnus retired as though to wash the dust of the journey from their hands and faces, but in reality to whisper more of the plot. "The men were to have left a short time behind us, jarl, and to have passed the night in the woods," Magnus said. "They will be at the edge of the forest by nightfall, or a little before." "Some straying thrall of Harald's may see them and give the alarm." "Any straying thrall who sees them will see nothing more on this earth," Magnus growled. "I have given orders covering everything." "You have planned the signal?" "I have, jarl. When you signal to me, then will I pass the signal on to the others. When we strike here in Harald's house, the men in the woods will rush in before Harald and his men-at-arms realize what is hap- pening." "Make certain that you forget nothing," Svend directed. "And Brynhild must be warned at the proper moment, so that the maidens may rush out of harm's way. This is an enterprise in which we must win or die! Great Thor, give us strength!" "Brynhild shall be warned." "And--my kinsman--" "I shall attend to the black jarl," Mag- nus promised, his face growing suddenly dark. "Between Edvard Haakonsson and myself there is a blood feud." "Why?" Svend demanded. "For rea- sons other than mine?" "Brynhild!" Magnus said. "Ha! You want the maiden? Then you shall have her, Magnus, when this busi- ness is at an end!" Down in the great hall Edvard the Ax Thrower had been greeting men, but mean- time making his way slowly along the wall and toward the landing he had seen. And after a time the door at the top of the THE BLACK JARL. 611 flight of steps was opened slowly, and Thyra stepped out. For a moment she stood looking down at the scene of confusion, then she caught sight of the Ax Thrower, and her face flushed and her eyes glistened. Her hands clutched at her breast, which rose and fell with emo- tion. And then she slowly descended to- ward him, and he went forward to greet her. "Thyra!" he breathed. "Edvard! My As Thrower!" "All is well with you?" "All is well," she replied. "I have been counting the days." "And I also," she whispered. "I am going to feed my hounds. You may come with me." It was a clever subterfuge to get alone with him, and he realized it. Across the great hall they went, men bowing before him and the jarFs daughter. Out into the open they walked, where Thyra beck- oned some thralls and bade them fetch meat. And so they went to one end of the great building, where a pack of hounds waited. She left him for a moment, took chunks of meat from the thralls, and walked out among the hounds. They leaped around her, but only in play. They sprang back when she commanded them, and waited until she tossed the meat. All but one of the thralls retired, and Thyra walked back to Edvard's side. "It seems the lifetime of a man since I have seen you," he said. "It seems long to me, too." "Is this the time to speak to your father?" "We must wait," she said. "A little longer must we keep our love a secret. Wait until my father is sure that Svend the Bloody means sincere friendship. But do you be with my father as much as it is possible, and teach him to trust you. Per- haps, before you go away again, the word may be said." She looked up at him with love shining in her eyes, and he would have kissed her had he been sure that no one would have seen. For a moment he did hold her hand. But they were not alone in the world. Not that the thrall mattered, for he was not to be taken into consideration, but there was another who watched with eyes flam- ing in hate. Brynhild had seen Edvard Haakonsson greet Thyra, and had been watching him before the greeting. Her woman's intuition told her the truth. And when they left the house she followed at a little distance, though careful not to be seen by them. And she was standing at the corner of the great house now, watching the love light as it danced in their eyes. A moment she watched, then turned swiftly, her face black with rage, and reentered the great hall. Magnus came from his visit with Svend, and the shield maiden claimed his ear. "The black jarl is in love with Harald's daughter," she whispered. "I have been watching them. He prefers that white face to me!" "They are of a kind--small and soft," Magnus replied. "As we are of a kind-- big and strong." "That he turns from me to her!" "Yet is your revenge near," Magnus whispered. "Already I have spoken to Svend, and he has promised me your hand. And before the sun rises again I shall have claimed it." "You mean--" "That Edvard Haakonsson never will wed the jarl's daughter--or any other wom- an," Magnus said. "At a later time I shall tell you more. Be near me, and watch me closely, when the feast begins!" She nodded assent, and Magnus walked away. And through the door came Edvard and Thyra again, and they stopped at the bottom of the flight of stone steps, and for a moment whispered together. Then the jarl's daughter hurried up to her room, while Edvard Haakonsson, his face radiant, turned aside to mingle with the men. CHAPTER XI. WITCH'S BREW. THROUGHOUT the remainder of the day great preparations were made for the big feast that was to cement a friendship. Harald the Just entertained Svend in his own quarters, while his lieu- 612 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. tenants made sure that everything was in readiness. The warriors mingled, tried tests of skill, played at rough sports, and bathed in the stream at the back of Harald's house. The shield maidens gossiped and rested. Svend's thralls aided their brothers of the household of Ilarald, stealing scraps of food when they could. None knew better than the thralls the glory of a great feast. In her own room Thyra consulted with Solveig, her old nurse. Solveig was a wrinkled hag of uncertain years, a daughter of thralls. But she had been selected as nurse when Thyra's mother had died and Harald had refused to wed again. And between the jarFs daughter and the wrinkled nurse was a love that was deep and understanding. And now, as to a mother, Thyra went to Solveig, and with flaming cheeks and bright eyes confessed her secret. The ancient nurse grunted and sat in a corner of the room, rocking back and forth on her heels. After a time she went to the fireplace and threw sticks on the fire, and squatted there and peered into the flames. "What do you see, Solveig?" Thyra asked, kneeling beside her. "His love is good," the nurse grunted. "I give you thanks for those sweet words." "But there will be trouble." "Trouble?" Thyra gasped. "Danger! Blood will flow!" Thyra stopped her with a cry. "Sol- veig, you frighten me!" she said. "I read it in the flames, jarl's daughter." "And what else?" "I cannot see well. But his love is good, though danger will come." "Danger to him?" "I cannot tell. It is growing dark," the old nurse said, and got up and left the fire- place. Thyra, the jarl's daughter, paced around the room. The words of the nurse had troubled her. She was a Christian, yet had not entirely shaken herself free of witch lore. And old Solveig many times had spoken of things that were to happen, and they did. For a time she was quiet with her trou- bles; then she opened the door and looked down into the great hall. Edvard Haakons- son was not far away, and when she de- scended the steps he hurried forward to join her. Brynhild saw them, and slipped near. Crouching at the side of the steps, she could hear. "Beloved!" Edvard whispered. "I am troubled, Ax Thrower," Thyra said. "My nurse can look into the future. She has looked this day. She says that your love is good--but that there is danger near." "Danger?" he repeated. "Grave danger, from her manner. She told me that blood will flow. I asked her whether the danger was to you, but she could not tell." "Do not let her words trouble you." "But they do, Edvard, and I cannot help it. I fear for you so. Attend, beloved! Near the house lives a witch, an old hag who has the gift, men say. I--I cannot believe in such things, yet she has some wonderful power. If you could see her, perhaps she could tell you more." "You would have me visit a witch--you, a Christian?" "Only that we may look into the future for love's sake," she whispered in reply. "That is not the same thing as having her brew confusion to your enemies. You fol- low the forest trail, Ax Thrower, and after a time you come to a stream. Her hut is beside the stream. It is not a long dis- tance. You could return in time for the feast." A moment he looked at her, then he smiled. "It is a command, Thyra," he said. "I go at once. And do you return to your nurse, and not worry about this business." She glided back up the steps, and Ed- vard Haakonsson hurried from the great hall. Brynhild searched until she found Magnus, and called him aside. She spoke rapidly and in whispers. "He has walked into my hands," Mag- nus said. "I'll attend to him." But Magnus was troubled as he hurried away to call one of his trusted men-at- arms. For the warriors even now should be approaching through the woods, and Ed- vard Haakonsson might meet them. Then THE BLACK JARL. 613 would the fat be in the fire. So Magnus gave his trusted man orders, and the fellow left the house and made his way slowly to the edge of the forest. And when he had reached it he plunged from sight to seek those coming from Svend's place. Edvard the Ax Thrower found the end of the forest trail and made his way along it rapidly. It was no more than a leafy tun- nel, the bottom worn smooth by the feet of thralls. Soon he was in the stillness of the deep woods, where there was naught to be heard save the whispering of the wind through the trees and sounds from forest life. On he went, and presently he reached the stream. He found the witch's hut half hidden by brush, and approached it slowly. There was a fire before it, and over the fire a large pot, but the door of the hut was closed and there was no human to be seen. Edvard hesitated a moment, and then went up to the door. He took his dagger out of his girdle and pounded upon the door with the hilt of the weapon. A croak- ing voice sounded behind him. "What does the jarl wish?" it asked. Edvard Haakonsson whirled at the sound. The witch had slipped from the woods, and now stood beside the boiling pot, her thin hair stringing down from her head, her bent body supported by a crooked stick. She leaned forward and tilted her wrinkled chin, and her tiny eyes gleamed at him. "What does the black jarl wish?" she asked. "Never have I seen you before, yet 1 knew that you would come." "How did you know that?" Edvard asked. Old Dagmar knows many things that other folks do not. If you have nothing to ask of me, go your way." "If you know so much," Edvard said, "perhaps you know what knowledge I seek without me telling you." "You would look into the future," she said. "And can you show it me?" "If the eyes of the jarl are good, per- chance he can see cor himself." Edvard started toward the boiling pot, but she threw up her crooked stick and stopped him. "Is there no reward?" she demanded. The Ax Thrower laughed and gave a bracelet from his arm. The old hag cackled, drew back the stick, and motioned toward the pot. Edvard drew nearer and looked down at the steaming mess. "Closer!" Dagmar whispered. "Look closer, jarl! The future may be seen only by those who wish to see it." "I see nothing but boiling stuff covered with a scum." "Look well at the scum, jarl!" The old witch was beside him now, bending forward. "Look, jarl! You love a maid, but she soon will be in peril. You must fight to protect her. Look again, jarl! There is blood in the air. There is strife abroad. Before the night is over, men will die. Your own life is threatened, and that of the maid you love." Edvard Haakonsson gave a cry and cov- ered his eyes with his arm. Whether he saw it or not, he believed that he did. He bent forward again and looked at the foaming stuff in the pot. "Beware those you think are your friends!" the old hag croaked. "Put not your trust in any man during the night that is coming. Even now the forces of evil are gathering. Guard well yourself and the maid you love." "Tell me more!" he commanded. "I cannot tell you what is not shown, jarl. Sharpen your ax. I can tell you that much--sharpen your ax!" "More!" he commanded again, looking at the scum in the pot. "Then, look, jarl." "I see nothing." "That is because you cannot read. Let Dagmar read it for you. Jarl you are now, in your own right. Double jarl you may be soon." "What is the meaning of that?" "Ruler over two jarldoms," she said. "That is all, mighty one!" He backed away from the pot, looked at her, then whirled and darted back along the forest trail. He felt forced to believe. Ruler over two jarldoms! Did that mean 614 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. his own and the jarldom of Harald the Just? Was Thyra's father to be slain, and he to rule by virtue of marriage with Har- ald's daughter? Dagmar predicted strife. Did she mean that Svend would break the law of hos- pitality and commence an attack? But he put aside that thought as unworthy. Per- haps the danger to himself would come from personal enemies, he thought. And she might have meant that he would rule over two jarldoms after Svend's death, as was to be expected if he outlived Svend. He hurried along the trail, his head bent on his chest. It was almost dark now, and soon the feast would begin, and he had to be there for that, and wanted a private word with Thyra first. He sprang across a brook, darted over rocks, and once more followed the well worn trail. And suddenly men sprang out at him, ovewhelmed him, and made him prisoner before he could reach his dagger. Then he was pulled back into the brush, still struggling and trying to fight. A skin was thrown over his head, half smothering him, blinding him. "Fiends!" he gasped. "What treachery is this?" But the skin over his head muffled his voice. CHAPTER XII. MASKS REMOVED. HIS captors held him fast upon the ground while they lashed his ankles with thongs and fastened his wrists behind his back. And then they lifted him and carried him for a distance through the woods, and finally put him down again. He could hear the whisperings of many men and the crackling of burning twigs--could feel the heat of a small fire. He twisted and struggled, and after a time one of the men went forward and whipped the skin from around his head. Edvard Haakonsson whirled to one side and managed to sit up against the bole of a tree. "What means this treachery?" he de- manded. In the semigloom he could see nothing at first, save the dusky and uncertain forms of moving men. That they were warriors he saw at a glance, for axes flashed in the reflection from the fire, and he saw shields and spears and bows. None of them gave him answer. He rest- ed for a moment and then managed to get to his feet, and there he leaned against the tree and tugged at his bonds, to find that his captors had done their work well in- deed. "What means this?" he demanded once more. A man stepped up beside him, and Ed- vard saw in surprise that he was one of Svend's warriors, a lieutenant who had been left behind at Svend's house. "We have but obeyed orders, jarl," he said. "Do not hold it against us." "What orders? And who are these men? What do you here?" "One comes who will tell you all," the warrior replied. "You were told so to take me?" "We were so told, jarl; commanded to make a captive of you as you came back through the woods." "Loose me instantly!" Edvard command- ed. "Whose orders can be greater than mine?" "Svend is our jarl." "Then these orders came from Svend?" Edvard asked in surprise. "Not from Svend, perhaps, but with his sanction," the warrior replied. "One will come soon to explain it all." Edvard thought on that for a moment, but he was not compelled to think for long. A guard called a low-voiced warning and was answered, and Magnus strode into the little clearing by the fire. "Magnus!" There was venom in Ed- vard's voice now. "What means this treachery?" Magnus leered at him and stood close, his fists braced against his hips. "It is by Svend's permission," he said. "Why am I taken captive like an enemy?" Edvard demanded. "Did you issue the order?" "I did, jarl!" "By what authority?" THE BLACK JARL. 615 "By the permission of Svend the Bloody, I have said." "What means it?" "Now we come to the question," Mag- nus declared, stepping a pace closer. "I demand an answer!" "It is unusual for a prisoner to demand, but under the circumstances, I am disposed to reply," Magnus said. His words and manner were without respect, yet he felt sure of his ground now. "You saw fit to take a stroll through the woods. It was intended that you should remain in the big house. For, strolling through the woods, you met with something of which you should not have known--these good war- riors of Svend's." "What means their presence here?" "Can you not guess?" Magnus asked. "Did you think that Svend the Bloody meant to cement friendship with Harald the Just? This kind invitation of Harald's for a visit but opened the way." "You mean treachery?" Edvard gasped. "I mean that when the feast begins, jarl, a signal will be given. And then our men in the house, and these of our forces out- side will rush to combat and work their will upon Harald and his place." "You mean an attack?" "More than that, jarl--a victory for Odin and Thor! You were not told, be- cause Svend feared to trust you, and with good reason, it seems. For you have looked upon Harald's daughter with eyes of love. One has observed you. Even now you have been paying a visit to some witch at her command. You might take it amiss that Svend slay Harald and wreck his house. Love ofttimes makes a fool of a man and causes him to forget his kin." "And would I want to forget my kinsman if he did such a thing!" Edvard Haakons- son declared, hotly. "Does not Svend know the laws of hospitality?" "He is big enough man to break them, when it serves his purpose to do so," Mag- nus said. "No man is big enough to do that," the black jarl declared. "Loose me!" "It is not time," Magnus said. "What mean you?" "To Thor shall be the victory! And every good soldier knows the value of sur- prise. You love the maid, and your heart is not in our plans. Were you to be freed, you might rush to the house of Harald and give the alarm!" It is true that I might." "So here you remain, a prisoner, until the signal for attack is given. Then you will be freed and may join in the battle. But our plans cannot be wrecked when they have gone so far." "I shall hold you to account for this!" "When Thor triumphs, then I shall be at your service, jarl! I return now to the house. Rest easy in your bonds, for the sig- nal soon will be given." Without another word Magnus turned his back disrespectfully and disappeared in the darkness. Once more Edvard Haakonsson tugged at his bonds and knew that he could not win free. He slumped down to the ground against the bole of the tree. The others gave him scant attention, seemingly afraid to approach. But they watched him from a little distance, to see that he did not escape. And now the horror of the thing claimed him, and he knew what the witch had meant. Svend had made his plans boldly. Harald would be off guard, expecting friend- ship, and would receive a blade. The men of Svend the Bloody would find things easy for them. Harald and his warriors would be struck down, and his thralls. Flames would complete the work. And Ed- vard guessed that the tale would be told afterward how the quarrel had been start- ed by Harald. And Thyra! His heart sank when he thought of her. She might be hurt in the battle with none there to protect her. Even though she es- caped, would she look once again at Svend's nephew? In that moment Edvard Haakonsson knew that he had turned against his uncle and renounced kinship. He determined to fight on the side of Harald, though it cost him his life. He would protect the woman he loved, even against Svend the Bloody. For Svend was breaking sacred laws in the name of Odin and Thor. 616 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. Again he tugged at his bonds, and knew that he could not free himself. But he did not entirely despair. When the attack be- gan, then would he be freed. He could rush to the house with the others, and wield blade. At least, he could take his stand in front of Thyra, and serve her to the end. The warriors about him seemed like shad- ows in the woods. The tiny fire had died down to a mass of glowing embers. Svend's men knew that he was secure, and were giv- ing him no attention. They were looking to their weapons, eager for the fray, talking of the loot they would have and the enemies they would slay. Curses for Harald and his house were upon their lips. Edvard Haakonsson heard a slight noise behind him, but thought nothing of it. Some animal of the forest, attracted by the fire, he believed. But presently he heard a hiss, and his body stiffened. "Master!" came a whisper. "It is Eric! I followed as you said!" Edvard Haakonsson thrilled at the words. "The dagger in my belt--take it!" he whis- pered. "Loose me!" A hand came out of the darkness behind the trees and tugged at the belt. Edvard felt the dagger slip loose. "Have a care!" he warned, his lips scarcely moving. "And work with speed!" He felt the thongs around his wrist give as they were slashed. His hands came free. He reached back and took the dagger from Eric, and then waited a bit. "Be ready to run, Eric," he whispered. "as soon as I have freed my ankles." He made sure that none of the warriors was looking at him. Then his hands came swiftly from behind his back, and he slashed with the dagger. The thongs fell from his ankles, and he sprang to his feet. A warrior turned and saw him, gave cry, and several men plunged toward the black jarl. But they were too late. Edvard Haakonsson crashed through the brush and so gained the trail, Eric the Dumb at his heels, and rushed along it toward the house of Harald. An arrow sped past him, but he heeded it not. He bent lower, ran swifter. The shouts of pursuit died down. On he ran, stumbling over tangling vines and rocks. And finally he came to the edge of the clear- ing before the house of Harald--but too late! For even as he dashed from the woods a man standing beside the great gates waved a torch above his head. From the big hall came the din of combat. And from the forest poured the warriors of Svend the Bloody to join in the fray! CHAPTER XIII. ROAR OF BATTLE. HARALD THE JUST had prepared a feast of feasts. Torches were set thick against the walls. On the dais was Harald's seat, and beside it one es- pecially constructed for Svend. Then came one for Edvard Haakonsson, and down the side of the long table places for the men according to their rank. To Harald's left were the seats for the women, commencing with his fair daughter. Next Thyra was a place for Brynhild, chief of Svend's maidens. Odors of roast meat filled the great room as the guests gathered. Svend the Bloody walked across with Harald, and took his seat. Magnus, just returned from the woods, gave Svend a look that spoke vol- umes, and then turned away. But he whis- pered to Brynhild, and in turn she spoke to her maidens, bidding them flee into the woods if trouble began. "Your kinsman is absent," Harald said to Svend. Thyra, too, had noticed his absence, but she thought only that he had been delayed on his visit to the witch. "Perhaps he will come soon," Svend re- plied to Harald. "You need not await him. He is a man of moods, and no doubt is out by one of the fires watching the thralls at play." So Harald gave the sign, and the com- pany was seated. A procession of thralls entered, carrying huge platters of meat and heaping the long tables with food, and fill- ing the goblets. Roast oxen, swine, sheep, and fowls were placed before the guests, but not horse meat, since Harald was a Christian. THE BLACK JARL. 617 Standing in his place, Harald the Just made sure that everything was as he had ordered, and men and women waited for him to speak before eating. "This is the feast I long have wished to serve," Harald said. "It means that friend- ship and not war shall abide hereafter be- tween us and our neighbors. Too long have we met only for violence, and now let us meet in peace." Svend's face remained inscrutable, but it seemed that Magnus was like to choke. All eyes were upon Harald the Just. "Jarl," he said, tinning toward Svend the Bloody, "our religions are not the same, so we must be tolerant toward each other. It is a custom of the Christians, when they sit down to meat, to give thanks to their God for his bounty. I and my people ob- serve this custom." "You would observe it now?" Svend cried. "No insult is intended, jarl." "Yet I see one in it," Svend declared hotly. He thought that here was an ex- cuse ready made for him. "We are your guests, yet you would hurl your queer cere- monies at us. You would pray to your strange God in our presence!" "Peace!" Harald said, holding up his hand. "How can there be peace in the face of this?" Svend cried. "Think you I am a craven jarl to let such a thing pass un- noticed? Think you I would let an an- cient enemy flaunt me so?" "Peace, neighbor!" But Svend the Bloody sprang to his feet. His eyes suddenly were blazing with the frenzy of a fanatic. "I hold to the gods of my fathers!" he cried. "I recognize none other, nor allow others to do so in my presence! Thor!" It was the signal. Magnus turned quick- ly and waved his hand to a man standing near the door. That man sprang outside, grasped a torch, and whirled it thrice above his head. "Thor!" cried Magnus. "Thor! Odin and Thor!" shouted Svend's men. Svend the Bloody sprang backward and darted from the dais, and a waiting war- rior handed him sword and shield. Back to the walls darted the men, to grasp their shields and weapons. "Thor! Strike for Thor!" Svend shout- ed. "Thor is with us!" And so the battle began. There was a deal of turmoil, yet not so much as might have been expected. Svend and some of his men noticed at the mo- ment that weapons had appeared as though by a miracle in the hands of Harald's men. And then Svend guessed that Harald had feared this thing, and had prepared for it, so as not to be caught off guard. The women scattered like leaves before a high wind. Brynhild and her maidens ran for the door and won through to the woods. Harald's women ran shrieking for the stairs and the landing, Thyra among them. Up the steps they rushed, and into the rooms, and there they barred the heavy doors. "Strike! Strike for the cross!" Harald was shouting. Thralls ran screaming toward the doors, to be met by Svend's men and cut down. Arrows flew. Swords crashed against shields. Javelins flashed across the great hall. Spears clattered against the walls. Into this melee rushed Edvard Haakons- son, his face aflame with rage. A single glance was enough to show him that the thing had gone beyond remedy. Already dead and wounded men were stretched on the floor. The great tables had been over- turned. Harald's food was scattered, and not even a hound stopped to claim it. Edvard's first thought was for Thyra, and he saw with happiness that none of the women remained in the great hall. He would grasp a shield, he decided, and fight his way to the bottom of the steps, there to guard her. He picked up the first shield that came to his hand, and drew his sword. Close be- hind him Eric armed himself from a dead man. Together, side by side, they fought their way across the wide room, struggling to reach the bottom of the stairs. And now Edvard Haakonsson discov- ered a queer thing--that Svend's men were trying to cut him down. There could be no mistake about it. Men who knew him 618 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. slashed at him as they passed. Once he caught sight of the grim face of Magnus, and saw the evil gloating in it. And Harald's men, naturally, turned their blades against him also. Edvard Haakonsson stood alone, surrounded by his foes. Save for Eric the Dumb, there was none to stand back to back with him. Days before he had sensed that Svend loved him not. He had not taken the trou- ble to seek the reason for it, nor did he now. He whirled his blade around his head and started to carve his way to the bottom of the flight of steps. Harald's men had shown themselves to be no weaklings. Even to the frenzied Svend it appeared that Harald's warriors had been prepared, and that they were to be reckoned with in the battle. With the men from the woods in the place, the forces were about equal. But Harald's men were fighting on terri- tory they knew well, and their cause was just. They rallied to their chieftain's call and smote their enemies. Man after man went down before them. Svend the Bloody called a rally in vain. Edvard Haakonsson attempted to avoid slaying, since he did not wish to cut down one of the house of Harald, nor a man of his uncle's. But soon he found that he could not. They pressed him into a comer, and he won free with Eric. He saw Mag- nus fighting to get near him, and realized the man's intent. "Thor! Thor!" Svend was shouting. Thor, give us strength!" Escaping thralls had met with Svend's thralls, and outside the house they were fighting. Outbuildings burst into flame. Shrieks and cries of pain and howls for mercy rent the air. Edvard Haakonsson found himself in a corner again, and started to follow a wall. He wanted only to be near Thyra, should there be danger for her, either from Svend's men or the flames. From the corners of his eyes he saw that the battle was slowly going against Svend the Bloody. Harald's men stood firm, and their blades were red with the blood of their foes. "Thor! Thor!" Svend's men bellowed. Through the cutting, slashing throng Ed- vard fought his way, crying to Eric to fol- low. He was more than halfway across the big room now. If he could reach the steps, he felt that he could hold them against all comers, unless an arrow shot him down. And suddenly he found himself on the edge of a group of Svend's men, and Svend himself in command. Svend had been try- ing to reach Harald the Just, but had not been able to do so. Harald was against the opposite wall, fighting as well as any of his followers. He turned and looked at them, his eyes flaming. "Thor! Thor!" rang the shouts. "The cross!" There was no pretense now. It was Thor against the cross, and all men knew it. And they knew also that Svend the Bloody had planned this thing. But Svend's plans were not working out as he had expected. He was separated from Magnus, or he would have given fresh orders. He saw his men falling on every side. Svend had been in too many battles not to read the outcome. Harald and his men were to be victors. So this was the end! To die was bad enough, but to die at the hand of an ancient enemy was worse. In that moment Svend the Bloody became a maniac. The hot blood surged through his veins. "Strike!" he shrieked. "Strike for Thor!" And so Edvard Haakonsson met him face to face. Kinsman! Call away your men!" the black jarl cried. "You are outdone! It is a penalty for the treachery you tried!" "You--" Svend the Bloody whirled to- ward him. "A curse on the day you came out of the south!" he cried. "Man with the heart of a woman!" He flung the others aside and his blade was raised. Edvard Haakonsson darted backward, to save his life and to keep from slaying his uncle. Svend would have followed, but he did not. For as the others turned to meet fresh foes and let Svend settle this family affair, Svend found himself confronted by a new enemy--a man with blazing eyes and pro- truding tongue, Eric the Dumb. It was enough for Eric that he had seen Svend raise blade against Edvard Haak- THE BLACK JARL. 619 onsson. But there was more than that. Far back in his memory Eric had a flash of a scene in Svend's own house, when the Bloody One had slain a thrall with a single blow of his fist. Eric raised the blade he held. Back- ward he sprang, and then launched himself forward. He had no method of fighting, but he had great strength. More through good fortune than skill did he avoid Svend's biting blade. And his own swept through the arc--and Svend the Bloody died! Then Eric whirled around to find that his master was hard pressed by a circle of foes. He bellowed like a beast and charged. Blades bit at him and brought the blood --but they did not stop him. He won to Edvard's side, and together they fought their way on to the wall. "See!" Edvard commanded. "That door! Behind it, Eric, is the maid I love! Stand before the door, and let no man enter! I will care for myself!" There was no need of a second command. Perhaps Eric did not understand the full import of it, but he had heard the words. He was to stand on the landing at the top of the flight of steps, before the door, and allow no man to ascend. He charged through the crowd of fren- zied, fighting men, and won to the steps. He cleared them of foes, and took up his station. Below him the battle continued. Svend's men were in little groups now, their backs to the walls, being slowly cut down. Magnus was still in the fighting, but his cries failed to rally the men who remained. The battle was lost, and they knew it well. And in the face of outraged hospitality they could expect no quarter from Harald's men. They could only fight on until they died. Like other men before them, they had fol- lowed an unworthy leader, and now were to pay for it. For an instant Magnus found himself alone. He glanced quickly around the room. He saw the flight of steps and the landing at the top of them, and the door beyond. He saw Eric, too, but thought nothing of that. If he could force his way up those steps perhaps he could manage to break into the room, he thought. There he could barricade himself, possibly escape, possibly even find the jarl's daughter and hold her as hostage for his own freedom after the fight. He rushed to the steps and up them he started. Eric the Dumb growled a menace, and Magnus snarled his laughter. Often he had cuffed Eric aside when Eric had been a thrall. But it was a different Eric he faced now--Eric, the free man, who was remembering the wrongs he had suffered at the hands of many, including Magnus; Eric, who had been commanded by Edvard Haakonsson to let none up the steps and through the door. -Magnus whirled his blade and advanced, and Eric met him squarely. And thus they fought on the landing, while Edvard the Ax Thrower, watching from a little distance, struggled to get to the scene. Magnus, he believed, meant danger to Thyra. Never before in his life had Svend's big lieutenant been so surprised as he was now. He faced a maniac who had no skill with the blade, but who had great strength and determination. He felt himself starting to give way, and called all his skill and courage into being. Again he attacked, and Eric swung his blade in a great arc and struck him down. A startled expression came into Magnus's face. He braced himself against the wall. The wound was a bad one, but not mortal. And so once more he rushed to the attack. But Edvard Haakonsson was at the foot of the flight of steps now. He shouted to Eric, but Eric did not hear. The Dumb One exposed himself to make another great sweep of his blade, and this time it bit home, and Magnus toppled and fell head- long down the steps. The Ax Thrower was beside Eric in an in- stant. Now that the battle below was ebb- ing, now that he had won his way across the hall, he wanted to make certain of Thy- ra's safety. He rushed to the door, and tried it. It was fastened upon the inside, and he knew that it was useless to call--that she could not hear him above the din. He would have to break in. "Guard the steps!" he commanded Eric. An arrow sped past his head and thudded into the door, and a spear followed. Har- ald's men had seen him, nor guessed his real 620 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. intention. They thought only that he in- tended harm to the daughter of their jarl. And Brynhild saw him, too. She had come back to the house from the woods, like a female warrior. She had crept into the great hall, to find that Svend the Bloody was dead, and that Svend's men fast were being conquered. And so she had looked around for Magnus, and for the black jarl. So it was that she saw Magnus go down, and Edvard Haakonsson dash up the steps. And now black rage surged in her heart at the man who had turned his back on her beauty and had looked with eager eyes at the white faced daughter of the Christian jarl. She seized a spear and hurled it with all her strength. Her aim was good, but fortune was against her and with the Ax Thrower. For as the spear sped he stepped back to hurl himself against the door. And the weapon flashed before his eyes like a streak of flame, and thudded into the breast of Eric the Dumb. "Master! Master!" the man gasped. He dropped to the landing, and his blood wet it. A little pool collected in front of the door. And the black jarl stepped back to hurl himself forward again. CHAPTER XIV. THE SIGN OF THE CROSS. THYRA had moved mechanically and as though numbed through the tragic events of the hour. One moment she had been sitting at table, listening to her father and wishing that Edvard the Ax Thrower would come to his seat. The next, men were at one another's throats, weapons were clashing, death shrieks rang out. She scarcely knew how she managed to get away from the, table. It seemed that somebody helped her at first, perhaps one of her father's men. Once, she remembered, she had stumbled and for a lime had been beneath the feet of the warriors. But she managed to get to the wall and follow it to the steps, and rush up them and through the door into her own room. Once inside, she put up the bar across the door, then turned and leaned against it, panting, frightened, her breath coming in little gasps, her bosom heaving. The din of the battle already was like a roar and beat against her ears like crashing waves on a rocky coast. "Little one! Little one!" Old Solveig, her nurse, hobbled toward her across the room. Solveig had not left the room, for she was old and walking a task with her. One of the thralls had carried her food, and she had been eating when the jarl's daughter had entered and barred the door. And now Thyra turned to the old nurse as to a protector, and threw her arms around the hag. "It is war again," she sobbed. "Svend the Bloody began it. It happened so quick- ly that I scarce know how it started. There was to have been peace and happiness, and now--" "Often have I seen war and heard the clash of arms," the old nurse said. "It is the part of a woman to stand aside and wait." There was to have been peace! They touched hands before the king," said Thyra. "And because my father would have asked the blessing, Svend called upon Thor and shouted to his men-at-arms. Now they are fighting and dying! And I was so happy but a short time ago!" "The young jarl--?" Solveig questioned. "He was not at the table. I sent him to the witch and he had not returned when the trouble began." "He is of the house of Svend!" "But he did not know of this!" Thyra cried. "I am sure he did not know of this, if it was prearranged. He is the soul of honor." "Many men seem so, are so, to women, but forget their honor among men." "He did not know!" Thyra declared in faith. "I could have told if he had meant treachery. This will bring a curse upon Svend. He has violated the law of hospi- tality. And what will the end be?" A woman can but wait," old Solveig said. "You have barred the door?" "Yes. I have barred it." THE BLACK JARL. 621 "Then pray, little one--pray that Harald's men drive out the others. Else, if they do not, it would be better for you to plunge a knife into your bosom. Svend will not be merciful to the daughter of the jarl he hates. He might betroth you to one of his thralls." "Solveig! Oh, it could not end so!" she cried. "If my Ax Thrower would come to help!" "Ha! Think you he would fight against his own house?" "He is but new come to the land." "But the blood in his veins will speak." "Only half of it is the blood of Svend's brother!" she declared, faithfully. "I have read his eyes, Solveig. He is good and noble! Do not ask me to doubt him!" They were silent for a time, Thyra cring- ing near the door. The old nurse hobbled back to her corner, and her lips moved in prayer, and thus she remained. Now the girl could hear the warriors clashing at the foot of the flight of steps. "Thor! Thor!" she heard them shriek. And because of that she deemed that Svend's men were having the better of the fighting. She did not know that sometimes losing men make the greater noise. Once she sobbed, thinking of her father and once again because of Edvard. She could not bring herself to believe that the Ax Thrower had a part in the black treachery. Yet she looked into the future, and failed to see happiness. Though her father lived, though he and his men conquered, he would not listen to her love for Edvard Haakonsson now. And so she sobbed, because she felt that she was losing the first and only love in her life, no matter what the outcome of the battle. And then she remembered that she was the daughter of a jarl! Her little head was lifted quickly, and her eyes were dried. Anger flamed in them, and strength of purpose. She turned quick- ly and glanced around the room. She found what she had sought. In a corner stood a great bow, such as her father's archers used, and arrows for it. It was a serviceable bow, made by one of the old men, and presented to her on the new feast day that celebrated the birth of Him they meant when they spoke of the cross. There was a dagger in the corner, too, as could be found in every room of the great house. Thyra hurried to the corner and took up the dagger and slipped it into her girdle. Then she picked up the big bow. Her purpose was clear now. If Svend's bloody men won the battle, she would act the part of a jarl's daughter. The bow would be for the first foe who entered the room, and the dagger for herself. Never would Svend the Bloody carry her in tri- umph to his jarldom to make a mock of her! But the bow was a strong one meant for a warrior, and she could not handle it. Yet she found a way. She hurried to the great fireplace, where old Solveig's little fire of twigs long since had died. And there she braced the big bow in one end, the bottom of it in a cleft between two rocks, of which the fireplace was built. The top she allowed to remain outside, pressed against the man- tel. And so, holding it in the middle, she could draw it back. She tried it, and succeeded. She placed one of the arrows on the bowstring, and drew it back with all her strength, and then let it loose again. One shot she could make, she knew. When they battered at the doer, she would draw back the arrow' and hold it so, aimed at the opening. And when the first foe entered, she would let the arrow go. Then there would remain the dagger for herself. Again she rushed across the room and crouched close beside the door. It seemed to her that the tumult of the fight had drawn nearer. She heard curses and cheer- ing, but she could make out no words to tell her how the fight was going. Old Solveig was still praying in the corner, and Thyra made shift to say a little prayer also. She glanced down at the floor, and re- coiled. Blood was trickling beneath the door. A tiny stream of it followed a crack, and then widened to a tiny pool. She drew away from it, covering her eyes with her hands, shivering a bit. And then she re- membered again that she was the daughter of a jarl! And then there came a blow against the 622 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. door, as though some warrior had hurled himself at it. Thyra gave a little cry and rushed back to the big fireplace. She picked up the bow, put the arrow against the string, and waited. There came another thud against the door, and she heard a man's voice shouting. The door gave a little. The bar across it seemed to groan in agony. Still another thud, and the door gave a trifle more. In a moment it would be tom open, she knew. Once more her lips moved in prayer--and then she drew back the arrow as far as her strength would permit. Another chorus of cries came from the great hall beyond, another clash of weapons. An instant of comparative silence, and then the door was struck with a crash! Open it flew, a man in armor stood stooped in it. Through her half closed eyes, Thyra saw him. Then she let the arrow go. Straight it went, and true it struck. The man whirled halfway around and crashed to the floor of the landing, half inside the room, half out. The dagger already was in Thyra's hand ready for use on her own tender breast. But she did not use it. One frightened glance she gave, and then screamed with pain. For the man her ar- row had struck was Edvard Haakonsson! A moment she stood as though turned to stone. Then uie dagger dropped to her feet. Across the room she flew, and down upon her knees she went, not caring that her garment soaked up the blood on the floor. "Edvard!" she cried. "Edvard!" She brushed against the arrow, and it fell aside, but she did not notice that. Neither did she notice that the force of the arrow had not been great enough to make it pierce his armor. He had slipped in the blood of Eric the Dumb, had crashed back- ward, and his head had struck. But she thought that she had killed him. Again she cried out as though in agony. She had eyes for nothing save the man upon the floor, whose head she was trying to lift. She took off his helmet and threw it aside. The din of the battle was growing less, but she did not notice. She heard voices as though from a distance, and among them that of her father. And then there came a touch on her arm, and at first she recoiled in horror, remem- bering that she had dropped the dagger. But it was her father who had touched her. He stood before her, his face stern and marked with blood. And behind him were other men of the house of Harald. "Here is one of the viper's brood," Har- ald said. "If he is not dead, slay him! What do you here, my daughter?" One of the men would have pulled Ed- vard outside, but she sprang to her feet and stopped him. "Don't you understand?" she cried. "I have killed him! I braced the big bow in the fireplace, and shot the arrow. It struck his breast!" "A worthy deed, worthy of a jarl's wom- an," Harald said. "I killed him!" she wailed. "Not yet is he dead," said one of the men. "Then away with him!" Harald cried. "Work your will on him! Scum of a pagan--" Once more she was down upon her knees, pillowing Edvard's head against her breast. "No--no!" she cried. "What is this?" Harald's voice was stem. "Don't you understand? I have wound- ed him. And you must not touch him. I-- I love him, my father!" "Love him?" Harald the Just cried. "Love one of the brood of Svend?" "Since that day at the fair," she said, weeping again. "I love him, and he loves me. We have spoken of it. Perhaps it was wrong to keep it from you. But he wanted to ask you to-night, ask you to let him wed with me." "Can this be my daughter? Are your wits asleep?" Harald cried. "Scum, he is! One of Svend's brood!" "Nor is he!" she screeched. "He is new come to the land!" "A part of the black treachery of to- night!" "He did not know! I am sure that he did not know!" she cried. "He was not at the table when it happened--" "He has turned your head, this pretty jarl! But we'll have an end of him!" THE BLACK JARL. 623 "Then it will be the end of me, too, my father! For if he is slain, then will I slay myself. I swear it--on the cross!" The men recoiled, and for a moment Har- ald himself was dumb. But he looked down at the Ax Thrower again, and again was stern. "He merits death! A follower of Thor--" "No, no!" She stooped closer over him, as though to protect him from harm. Her face was against his. Her hands were at his throat, fondling it. And they touched something there. Her father bent over to pull her away. But her sharp cry stopped him. He looked down at her, and the others also. She had tugged at the thing about his neck beneath the armor, and it was a metal chain. She pulled it forth--and on the end of it was a crucifix! "See!" she cried. "He wears the cross!" "The cross!" Harald cried. "Nephew of Svend the Bloody wear a cross? Then it is stolen, perhaps--he wears it as a mockery--" Edvard Haakonsson moaned and opened his eyes. He struggled to sit up, and Thyra aided him. He looked around, and smiled. "I fell," he said. "I slipped in blood, and crashed my head!" "No, my Ax Thrower! I shot you with an arrow!" Thyra told him. "Then am I content to die--" But Harald stopped it. "On your feet, black jarl!" he cried. "Men, lift him!" They jerked him to his feet, and he leaned weakly against the wall. The smile had fled from his face. Thyra pulled away from her father and ran to his side, and clung to him. "I love him!" she said. "Can you not understand?" But Harald the Just was looking straight into Edvard's eyes and was deaf Jo her plea. "What have you to say to me, black jarl?" he demanded. "Such black treach- ery--" "I knew nothing of it, on my word!" the Ax Thrower said. "And what is your word worth to me? You knew nothing of it--you, Svend's kins- man? How could he plan it, except with you?" "Yet he did," Edvard Haakonsson re- plied. "I speak the truth! I knew noth- ing of it until Svend's men caught me in the woods and made me prisoner. I would have warned you, but escaped only just as the signal was given?" "And by whom can you prove this?" "By only one man, and there he lies-- dead!" He pointed to the body of Eric. "It is poor evidence. You, a man of Thor--" "I am a Christian!" Edvard announced. "Always have I been a Christian. That was why my father did not return to the land of his birth to claim his jarldom. In the southland where he met my mother he turned Christian, and he was happier there." "How do I know this is not a lie?" Har- ald demanded. "A pagan might lie to save his life's blood! The cross at your throat may have been stolen." "Think so, if you will." "Enough of this!" Harald cried. "One of you pull my daughter away, for she is bewitched. And hand me an ax. Mine own is missing. With my own hands will I slay the last of the brood of Svend, in the name of the cross!" Edvard Haakonsson stood straight and tall and pale against the wall. His eyes narrowed as they pulled the weeping Thyra away, and he looked after her with love in his glance. Harald the Just grasped the ax a man gave him and stood before the black jarl. "It is but justice!" he said. "Would you strike down an unarmed jarl?" "This is an execution, jarl! You are not worthy to be met in honorable combat! Scum of the Svend blood! Do you even falter in the face of death?" "Not I!" Edvard cried. "But I crave an instant before you strike!" Harald held his hand a moment, then slowly raised the ax over his shoulder. But Edvard Haakonsson was not praying to Odin for aid. The smile touched his lips again, he raised his right hand, and swiftly he made the sign of the cross! 624 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. "Strike, Harald, surnamed the Just!" his voice rang out. "Strike through that sign--if you dare!" The ax fell to the floor. Harald the Just stepped a pace backward. "You--you--" he gasped. "You are-- indeed--a Christian?" "I have spoken truth. Blind man, can you see now?" A sudden tumult in the great hall below! Men were cheering, and there came the tramping of many feet. Harald the Just and his men whirled as though to face new foes, and Thyra crept forward again and into the shelter of Edvard's arms. And in upon them walked--Olaf Trygves- son! "Hail, Harald!" said the king. "I had some inkling of this, and hurried hence with warriors to give you aid. But you needed no aid, it se-ems! And what is this? My black jarl? You would have slain him?" "Had I not found him a Christian!" Harald said. "Give thanks that you did not. I am convinced that he knew nothing of this treachery. I do know that Svend even plotted against him to get his estates, and now he may have his own and Svend's also. The day you left the fair a ship out in from the south, and brought me news of this black jarl. A good Christian he is, and always has been! And he is our friend!" "I am glad I stayed my hand," Harald said. But Olaf Trygvesson had turned to the Ax Thrower. "Claim your estates, weed out the un- worthy, and build your house anew, Ed- vard, my friend," he said. "I'll lend you warriors. And when yob have done those things, come to me at Trondhjem, like a good Christian, and help me build my church." He paused a moment, and his eyes twin- kled as he looked down at Thyra. "And when you come to Trondhjem, black jarl, bring your bride with you," he added. "It is our royal command!" THE END RECORDS WHEN the phonograph plays, I like to fold my hands and close my eyes, And think of the days When the babies had croup, and each sunrise Brought so much work I used to cry, Thinking it would never be done; And the farm hands, there was such a crowd. I would lie Awake nights thinking of to-morrow's task And praying the Lord to lighten the load If only by one. Now I've got what I asked. We ought to be careful about what we pray. There's no crowd now. (We found coal on the land). There are no children to quarrel and play-- No croup, though at night I don't sleep, Thinking on to-morrow--not how much milk I can get from the new cow Or how I can keep The tomatoes to can another day, But how I've got to put on that everlasting silk, And sit in the drawing-room All by myself, and hear the phonograph play About yesterday. Floyd Meredith . 9 A Alias His Lordship By  HAPSBURG LIEBE "I SENT for you, Rio," said the warmest- hearted judge in the State of Arizona, "because I wanted to talk to you, man to man, here in my office. I thought you wouldn't profit greatly by a preachment be- fore everybody in the court room, Rio." "I'm very much obliged to you for that," quickly replied the six feet of sunburned but good looking, sometimes stubborn, young manhood that the cow country in- sisted upon calling "Rio Jack" instead of plain John Bverly. The judge resumed in a fatherly man- ner: "You're a striking specimen of fine red blood gone wild, Rio, and you'd better go somewhere else and flip a new leaf in the pamphlet of life. I hardly know where to advise you to go, for it seems that the news- papers everywhere have saddled a devil of a reputation on you--and you earned part of it. You really must cut out your buck- wildness, son. You barely came clear to- day. All that saved you was flaws in the evidence and a mercifully inclined jury, Rio." "Man to man, judge, you said," frowned Byerly, his eyes narrow and bright. "I want you to know that I was guilty of only two of the holdups, and that I didn't profit a red cent by either of them. Whitson was hounding an old woman to death for a debt she didn't rightly owe him, and I took barely enough of his money to pay it off. The railroad's lawyer compromised with Jim Faidley's fool wife for three hun- dred dollars after Jim was killed. I stuck up the pay roll car and took twenty-seven hundred more for her--insinuated that I owed it to Jim, you see. That's all. Maybe it won't be so hard to begin over. The papers never had my picture, you know." "Then, you will make another start, Rio?" The older man rose and put out his hand. Byerly took it gratefully. 10 A 625 626 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. "I will, if it's humanly possible," Rio Jack promised in a soft drawl that was Southern rather than Western. "Much obliged to you, sir, and good-by, and good luck!" He put on his wide rimmed, high peaked Stetson, and walked out, his silver spurs jangling musically on the heels of his Span- ish boots. It was growing dark, and the shapes of his and his pal's horses were indistinct at the hitching rack. The dim figure of Old Top Wiggins detached itself from near-by shadows and moved forward like steel toward a magnet: it is a simile that fits beautifully. Byerly always ad- dressed his pal bv the Englishy term "Old Top." This odd pair had read English fiction everlastingly; their shanty on No Gold Creek in the scrub was full of it. "What did he want with yuh, Rio?" asked Wiggins. Byerly told it briefly. Wiggins drew from inside his brown shirt a crumpled newspaper, which he had just purloined from the lobby of a hotel a short distance down the street; he unfolded it, lighted a match, and called Byerly's atten- tion to a paragraph among the personals: JOHN L. A. BYERLY--Communicate at once with Envard &amp; Ervvard, Attorneys, Atlanta, Georgia. Much to your advantage. "There, Rio," said Old Top Wiggins, "is yuh new leaf, mebbe. What's the 'L. A.' in yuh name for? Louisiana?" Byerly smiled. "Lord and Annesley. Lord is an old family name, and Annesley was the name of the Methodist bishop who had the honor of christening me. How much money have we got in the treasury, Old Top?" Wiggins was grinning in the dusk. "Lord Annesley! Cripes! And here I've been as- sociatin' with royalty, and didn't know it. What did yuh say--how much money? After hirin' two lawyers, yuh've got a nerve to ask. We've got what's in our hosses, saddles, bridles, and spurs, yuh lordship." "They're dandy horses, saddles, bridles, and spurs," muttered Byerly, ignoring Wig- gins's fun. "They ought to assay a sizable bank roll, Old Top--eh?" "Yuh mean--" "We'll go to Atlanta," said Rio Jack. "I think I know what's happened. Uncle John is dead, and I'm his heir." They walked, leading their horses, to the telegraph office, and Byerly wired Er- ward &amp; Erward. The following day they sold their possessions to the highest bidder at fancy prices, and boarded an eastbound train. Though neither of them wras yet twenty-six, they had shared each other's wild fortunes and misfortunes for too long even to think of separating now. II. Erward &amp; Erward had more or less pre- tentious offices, and the erstwhile Robin Hood and his shadow, in cow country clothes, walked into them with the feeling that they were distinctly out of place. Im- mediately the two were ushered by an ob- sequious clerk into the inner sanctum of the elder Erward, a good and kindly man. "Sit down, gentlemen," he said. "Now, Mr. Byerly, we shall, of course, have to es- tablish your identity. You've been sort of out of pocket since you were about fifteen, I believe." "Yes," Byerly nodded, with a slow smile. "My parents were both dead, and, if I remember correctly, I had been fairly soak- ing in a so-cailed book entitled 'Two Gun Bill, Red Ranger of the Rockies; or, The Black Terror Tracked to Doom.' Fifteen is an impressionable age, Mr. Erward." "I see. Then you realized--" began the old lawyer. He stopped as though he feared to go further with it. Byerly suddenly looked blue. He had read Erward's thoughts quite without ef- fort. "So the newspapers have had accounts of it here, too, eh--my little dash at out- lawry?" "Full of it," the attorney said. "It was highly romantic for this commercial age, your playing pranks at the expense of offi- cers, and all the rest of it. As I was saying, we shall have to establish your identity." The heir apparent gave without mistake family names, dates of births and demises, and some fifty other small facts; he told of ALIAS HIS LORDSHIP. 627 his bachelor uncle's butterfly tattoo, scars, moles, cataract, stiff knee, and numerous idiosyncrasies. No further proof of his gen- uineness being deemed necessary, Erward drew from a desk a bundle of papers, and proceeded: "You will remember your boyhood home in the Clearwater River section, which your father sold to your Uncle John before his death; it is yours now. Your uncle spent his last days in Atlanta, having the plantation looked after by an overseer. No- body except an old negro woman is in the house, which is fully furnished; it's much as you left it, I imagine. There was con- siderable money, though I had to spend a lot of it in advertising through the West for you. I-- But what's wrong?" John Lord Annesley Bverly had gone to his feet, had begun to pace the floor gloom- ily. Old Top Wiggins watched him, open mouthed. Such luck as that, and to be wor- ried over it! Byerly turned to his lawyer. "The Clearwater River section is a sec- tion of the stiffest aristocrats, and I'm an outlaw--or was one very recently. How will I manage it, Mr. Erward? I'll be taboo --don't you see? I don't want to sell the place; I want to settle there at the old plantation home, and I couldn't have people always turning up their noses at me! How will I ever manage it, Mr. Erward?" The elder Erward shook his head. He knew, none better, that John Byerly, as John Byerly, the Rio Jack of the news- papers, would indeed be taboo in the ex- clusive Clearwater country; that Byerly would be a pariah, an outcast, in spite of his goodly possessions and his fine old fam- ily name. Suddenly Old Top Wiggins shot to his feet, his eyes twinkling and his bronzed face beaming. "I've got it, Rio!" he exclaimed. "I've sure got it! Go out there as Lord Annesley, and be that until yuh've proved yuhself a respectable and law-abidin' citizen." Byerly stared at his pal, his pal of the sagebrush and the purple distances. Er- ward, too, stared at Wiggins. Byerly had enough of the old wild daring left in him to be interested, his new resolutions con- cerning non-spectacular methods of living notwithstanding. He turned to Erward. The latter named person, for all of his years, had a thick streak of romance under his skin. "Why not?" said Erward. "Those are your middle names, and you would hardly be masquerading unlawfully. Nobody re- members your middle names, and nobody will remember your face; they know you only as a boy. I can make out a deed conveying the plantation from John L. A. Byerly to Lord Annesley, which will be in your possession and might prove of help to you. After you've made real friends of the people, of course, you could tell about it, and they should be sports enough to take it as a rather good joke. You would have established yourself then, Byerly, you see. So, why not, indeed? I can think of no better way for you." "I'll be valet to your lordship, Rio," Wiggins suggested eagerly, his eyes spar- kling. "I can do it, all right." "Then make out the deed," decided John Byerly, "from me to myself. I'm Lord Annesley until further notice. Meantime, Wiggins and I will go to a haberdasher's and buy rigging that is more in line with our new stations in the little game of life. The thing I dread most, by the way, is the monocle." So it came to pass that John Byerly, erst- while Rio Jack, hereinafter known chiefly both by outsiders and by us as Annesley, or Lord Annesley, together with his true friend Wiggins, went to the Clearwater River country in toggery that was as nearly English as Atlanta's clothiers could furnish or procure or have made on short notice. III. Lord Annesley, looking the part per- fectly to those who didn't know the part very well, stepped from an afternoon train at the town that was the county seat, screwed a monocle into one eye, and looked about him calmly. The jaws of the station loungers and a few other onlookers dropped. Annesley turned to Wiggins, his valet. "I'll be seeing after the luggage, yuh lordship," anticipated Old Top. 628 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. "Do, Wiggins. Have a liveryman cart it out to Byerly Hall at once," nodded Lord Annesley. "Also hire a conveyance for ourselves." Wiggins disappeared, and a representa- tive of Barronsville's little news sheet rushed up, pad and pencil in hand. Annes- ley filled the reporter's ears full, and the man began a series of running leaps toward the center of town. Then the eyes of the star actor in this rather extraordinary mas- querade sought out a lean, iron gray man with a familiar star on his shirt front, a man who was walking in a desultory fashion With a heavily built fellow that ap- parently worshipped at the shrine of dress. His lordship let the monocle fall to the length of its ribbon, and walked over to the pair. "How far is it," he asked, for he himself didn't quite remember, "to the old Byerly plantation?" "Three miles and three-tenths," said the sheriff. "Have you bought it?" the heavily built man inquired apprehensively. "Yes. I am Lord Annesley, gentle- men." "I'm Garford Redding, and this is Sher- iff Severson." The three shook hands. "I'd have bought that place," Redding went on, "if I'd had half a chance. I wired Erward &amp; Erward to give me the refusal of it, damn 'em, and they didn't. That young buck, Byerly, cut a pretty wide swath in the West, didn't he, Mr. Annesley?" "Not Mr. Annesley; Lord Annesley. I-- er--understand that he did. Through the newspapers, anyway." Garford Redding laughed a laugh that made him seem suddenly mean and old, though he couldn't have been over thirty- six. Ah, I see. Peerage, eh? Well, Sever- son, you watch Clearwater take some no- tice. They're not precisely snobs, but--oh, you know them, Severson. I wish you good luck with the plantation, my lord, but I fancy you won't have it. When you want to sell, let me know. Aren't you pretty badly sunburned for a lord, your lordship?" "Been in the West a bit," drawled Annesley. "See anything of that ring-tailed terror, Jack Byerly?" "A number of times. I knew him. Odd character, that. Remarkable shot, too. Saw him shoot the ash off a sheriff's cigar once." "Hum!" snorted Redding. "You knew him, and that's how it came that you've got the plantation." "Exactly." "I see by the papers," Redding pursued, "that the courts acquitted him. It was a travesty upon justice! No wonder the country's going bolshevik. When such scrapings as John Byerly--" "Hold!" cut in Annesley. He had a temper, and it had flashed red-hot. "I can't hear a man I've known and liked talked about in any such fashion--" Redding sneered: "Oh, you cawn't! You cawn't; eh?" While Lord Annesley struggled with him- self, Garford Redding lighted a fat brown cigar. Redding tilted the burning end of his weed at a rakish angle, straightened the huge diamond he wore in his tie, looked Annesley up and down, winked at the sheriff and walked off. Annesley clenched his sun- burned hands; his jaw muscles stood out in ridges on his tanned cheeks. Wiggins came up behind him, and touched his arm respectfully. "Don't forget yuhself, my lord," cau- tioned Wiggins. Annesley turned toward Sheriff Severson, who, he noted, was disposed to be friendly toward him. "WTio is this Garford Redding?" "To give it to your lordship straight," frowned the officer, with a glance toward Redding's disappearing back, "he is in a fine way to become both political and financial boss of this county. He holds mortgages -- gosh knows how many; he's simply got money to feed to the cows, made it gambling in cotton futures. Not a very sweet fellow to have for an enemy, by the way, which maybe a hint to the wise. Red- ding came of a family that used to fight the Byerlys, away back years ago, every time they met." "The automobile is waiting, yuh lord- ship," pompously announced Wiggins. Annesley gave the sheriff good day, and ALIAS HIS LORDSHIP. 629 stepped into a big car that bore a dealer's license number. Wiggins ensconced him- self properly beside the driver, and they were off, their baggage following aboard a small truck. The name Redding stuck in Annesley's mind like a splinter of hot iron. He re- called a few hazy facts concerning the old feud. It had been mostly before his time, but he had the impression that it had been bitter enough, and in this he was correct. Byerly Hall--every plantation home in the Clearwater section had its more or less high-sounding name--was a great old house, a little weatherworn now, with huge columns to its veranda, and vines and shrubs and trees everywhere around it. Lord Annesley stepped from the automobile with a mist forming before his eyes; a sudden rush of tender boyhood memories threatened seri- ously to unman him. Once more he saw himself running bare- foot through the cotton bloom, in the bright sunshine, playing lone Indian; saw his good old father poring over his Bible in the living- room; saw himself kneeling at his mother's feet at bedtime, imploring compassion and forgiveness for the day's shortcomings. When he came to himself, Old Top Wiggins was shaking his arm as few valets have dared to shake the arm of their masters, and whispering desperately: "Rio, Look! Look, for Heaven's sake! Rio, yuh old spavined, booty pinto--are yuh plum' blind?" Lord Annesley saw and gasped. Coming toward them from the house, down between two long rows of flowering cape jessamines, like a fairy out of a magician's box, was a young woman--a slender but roundish, punishinglv handsome young woman. "Good afternoon!" she greeted. Though her manner was that of one who owned the ground beneath her feet---and, incidentally, any other ground she might walk upon-- she was as sweet as a bay blossom. The present owner of the old Byerly plantation took off his soft hat, and wisely refrained from touching his monocle. "Good afternoon," he said cordially. In a voice that Wiggins thought very distin- guished, he continued: "I am Lord Annes- ley, and I have bought this estate." "You--you've nought it!" the girl cried amazedly. "Why, I--I thought--Father wired Erward &amp; Erward that he would probably pay a little more than anybody else offered for the place, and I thought we'd surely get it. I've been trespassing, Mr. --Mr.--Lord Annesley; that is, I've been shaping up your roses. I hope you don't mind that; and you won't of course. I'm Lila Devine, and I--we are your nearest neighbors to the south of here. And you are really a lord?" She had him there! He smiled and didn't answer because he couldn't bring himself to lie outright to her. Old Top Wiggins stepped boldly forward with relief for the situation. "It is really Lord Annesley," he said, and his master effectually concealed a wince. Annesley found himself shaking hands with Lila Devine, talking with her as freely as though they had known each other right along. Now that he came to think of it, he remembered her. He had gone to school with her; he had fought for her; she had been his boyhood sweetheart--a slim little thing in pigtail plaits and prinkly, crinkly knee-length dresses "We were surprised," she told him pres- ently, while Wiggins looked on in consider- able apprehension, "when Jack Byerly turned out as he did. You see, we knew him very well here. He was such a nice boy, too, though he had a pretty high temper. Do you know, Lord Annesley, you somehow remind me of the Byerlys. They were much like you, tall and strong looking --much like you." Annesley's gaze wandered. He wanted to confess to her that he was John Byerly; the deception was becoming singularly hate- ful to him now. He was human, and nor- mal, and therefore not immune to feminine attractions; he had liked Lila Devine as a boy, and he liked her better now as a man. Wiggins cut into his train of thought: "The luggage is here, my lord. I'll see it into the house?" "Please do," said the master of Byerly Hall. "Miss Devine," he went on, resolv- ing to go through with the deception be- cause he saw no decent way out of it, "I think I'd like to ask your father's advice 630 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. about cotton growing. Do you object to my walking home with you?" "Not in the least," she smiled. "Father will be glad to give you any information he can, I'm sure. He'll be glad to have you for a neighbor; you see, he was a little afraid--" Annesley finished it for her: "Afraid wild young Byerly would come back here and terrorize the neighborhood?" Lila Devine blushed a trifle. "That's just what father said." It was a mile to the big house of the Devine plantation, and they did not permit conversation to lapse for more than a few yards of it. Old Betterton Devine was not at home. Annesley told the girl good-by at the gate, and turned--to face a sneering Garford Redding, who had but that moment ridden up astride a beautiful horse of Ken- tucky blood. "Good ahftahnoon, your ludship!" Redding mimicked insolently. Out of the corner of his eye, Annesley noted that a tiny shadow of resentment bad crossed the features of the bay blossom girl. He lifted his hat to her again, ignor- ing Redding, and set out homeward. "Aha!" Redding snickered. "'Sdeath! Methinks--" "Garford!" Lila reproved sharply. Annesley could have wept for the black shame of it. How he longed to nick both of Redding's jackass ears with .45 hunks of lead, or thrash the road with his body in a hand to hand, man to man fight! He knew he could do it easily. Out on the Rio Grande or the Pecos or the Nueces they wouldn't have staked a single dollar against a hundred thousand on Redding in any kind of battle with Rio Jack. But Annesley didn't even look backward. "'Garford,'" he muttered, as he turned in at his own gate. "She called him 'Gar- ford.' But perhaps he's sort of friend of the family." Mrs. Betterton Devine would have agreed very readily that Redding was a friend to the family, and a warm and true one. Old Betterton Devine, himself a man's man, tolerated Redding for the sake of keeping argument and ill feeling out of his domestic circle; so did his daughter. On the upper veranda step at Byerly Hall, an old and corpulent negress sat wait- ing for Lord Annesley. She looked bereft; her black face a picture of poignant grief. Annesley remembered her very well; it was Mammy Lucinda, who had more than once tied up stubbed bare toes for him. "What's the matter, aunty?" he asked. She rose with many groans that bespoke rheumatic joints, and glowered at him in pitiable defiance. "Heah you is!" she clipped. "I is 'spectin' young Misto' John, and heah you is! Mah po' lil baby John, w'ich I used to nuss on mah lap--dey says he wild, and a outlawyer, and evvything, but I knows he ain't! Be dam' to me ef I ain't jes' got to cuss. Mah Lawd! Mali Lawd! Is I gwine stay heah and say 'mah Lawd' to you? You lowdown po' white trashness, I sho'ly ain't! I gits out right now, dis in- stinct! I ain't got no place to lay mah po' ole haid, but I ain't gwine stay heah wid no lowdown po' white trashness, suh!" Iron man that this last Byerly was, her affection-born vehemence drove a dimness into his eyes. He took her by an arm and led her into the old living room, which was deserted save for them--he could hear Wig- gins pounding around somewhere else. Be- fore the high old floor clock he stopped her. "I'll have to let you into my fool secret, Mammy Lucinda," he half whispered. "I'm John Byerly myself." "You ain't!" she stormed. It was fixed in her mind that he wasn't. He pointed to the silent old clock. "Who," he smiled, "used to cry for that?" Mammy Lucinda stared. "Who," he pursued, "used to steal your pies and climb into the mulberry tree to eat them? And who once blacked his face with shoe- black, and got a whipping for it? And who smoked his grandfather's pipe and got sick over it? And--whose middle names in the old Bible there are Lord and Annesley?" Convinced, Mammy Lucinda held a little jubilee of her own. Then she crossed her heart that she wouldn't tell until the proper time came--and she didn't. Soon the stentorian voice of Old Top Wiggins rang out: ALIAS HIS LORDSHIP. 631 "My Lord, a gentleman to see yuh at the gate!" Annesley walked down to where Gar- ford Redding sat his horse with a wicked smile on his fattish face. Wiggins followed like a shadow, and as unobtrusively. An- nesley halted and surveyed the visitor through his monocle as though that visitor were an insect. "Well, my man?-" "Just wanted to say, your ludship," growled Redding, "that it's not best for you to get it into your royal head that you're going to be the entire cheese in this neigh- borhood. Take warning before some over- night organization of men finds it expedient to doll you all up in tar and feathers. Get me?" It was not "Lord Annesley," but "Rio Jack," that took a hasty step toward the horseman. "Don't, forget yuhself, my lord," called Old Top Wiggins. "Plainly, the man is a varlet." Annesley stopped, turned, and went with- out a word toward the house. Garford Redding laughed, and rode on toward Bar- ronsville. At the veranda steps, Wiggins caught up with his pal. "Look here, Rio," he whispered, "yuh're goin' to let loose and spoil the whole shoot- in' match first thing yuh know! I want yuh to trash that goober eater, but not now. Do yuh tumble, old hoss?" His pal laughed. "I tumble, Old Top. Say, I'm ungodly hungry. See what can be done, won't you?" Wiggins found Mammy Lucinda working so fast in the kitchen, in spite of her rheu- matic joints, that she reminded him of sleight of hand performers that he had seen. IV. Fine summer days passed, thirty of them. His bogus lordship, chafing all the while because of the deception--though he felt sure that it had been built on the best of excuses, had visited and been visited; he had been dined, feted, lionized, made the reigning figure at countless social functions. If there was a person other than Garford Redding and his circle of gay and sporty intimates who didn't like Lord Annesley immensely, Lord Annesley didn't know it. Garford Redding was, or imagined him- self to be, hopelessly in love with Lila Devine now, ar.d his jealousy had developed from the ordinary kind into an insane or savage variety. To be blocked where he had been most confident of winning--such was the colossal conceit of the man--was as much as he could bear without literally running amuck! From the very beginning, Redding had openly made sport of Annesley; and now that Betterton Devine's daughter showed a decided preference for Annesley's company, Redding ran his sport making into sheer persecution. Had it not been for his money and his mortgages, especially the latter, the Clearwater River people wouldn't have stood for it. But Annesley remained An- nesly through it all, though he was bitterly tempted a score of times to revert to Rio Jack; he spent solid hours in dreaming of shooting nicks out of Redding's ears and thrashing him as man has seldom or never been thrashed before. Then it happened. Garford Redding was at the bottom of it; in fact, it was altogether his idea, and he captained its working out. He meant it to be the greatest of Annesley's persecutions. Mrs. Betterton Devine was giving a re- ception in honor of a niece from Macon, and it was to be an eclipsing affair, a total- ly eclipsing affair, on the lawn. The Devine home had its own little electric plant, and the front grounds were bright with lights, some of them in showy Japanese lanterns, hung in festoons from magnolias and oaks. At the last minute, Garford Redding fol- lowed his carefully built plans and prevailed upon Mrs. Devine--who, as will be remem- bered, was strong for Redding, anyway--to permit him to spring an innovation by pull- ing off a fake hold-up; the joke was to bo on a few sissified and harmless young swains, he said, and he himself would notify the others in advance in order that there would be no bothersome fainting. He did notify the others in advance--a few minutes--all, that is, except Lila De- vine; he wouldn't run the risk of her telling Annesley, who, of course, was one of the 632 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. "harmless young swains." Redding's pea- sized brain had figured that the Clearwater aristocrats would see Lord Annesley whining like a whipped puppy, down on his knees and praying for his life, before the evening's amenities were over. His lordship was formally presented to the young woman from Macon, after which tiny ceremony he found Lila Devine and with her stole away to a lawn settee in the shadows near the front gate. At last, he had decided to tell her of the deception, ask her pardon, and then--sell his planta- tion and disappear, probably. Not once did it occur to him that she might possibly find him in the right; he did not consider that the naked hearts of queens and charwomen are alike exactly. His former hope that his masquerade would be laughed off after he and it became known had tumbled into gray ruins. Annesley was glad that she could not see his features clearly. His cheeks were on fire with that which he thought of as his guilt. "Lila," he began awkwardly, "I've got a confession to make to you. There's small chance that you'll ever forgive me--" A heavy figure came briskly through the near-by front gateway; it was Garford Redding, who had just finished giving in- structions to his eight masked men. He saw Lila and her companion, and recog- nized them. "Mooning!" he exclaimed, villainous rage close under his pretended gayety. "You two--mooning!" Annesley's flush faded quickly; he be- came white; he wanted to fly at Redding. Redding moved on. "That man is detestable," quietly said Lila. "What were you saying? Forgive you? But there's nothing to forgive." "There is, and much. I--you don't know yet," Annesley stammered. "But I think I do know," she insisted. "W-what?" "You're Jack Byerly." Jack Byerly's eyes widened. Came a moment of silence between them. "How long have you known, Lila?" "Almost from the first," Lila told him. "You see, I remembered your middle names! It was easy for me to find your reason for that, Jack, and I'd have done just as you did. And you've behaved your- self so well, in the face of all Garford Red- ding's r-rotten treatment of you, that no- body's apt to want to turn you out--except Garford. You've been very nice, Jack, in- deed! It was a sort of crucible for you, wasn't it?" Byerly rose. He stared toward the others, who had gathered around an old negress fortune teller, without really seeing any of them. Then he turned back to the girl. "And you remembered," he muttered, "that we were sweethearts--a long time ago?" "Yes," Lila Devine admitted softly. "You were the only sweetheart I've had, Jack--" She blushed wildly because she hadn't meant to say quite all that! Soon Byerly spoke again: "I'm going to do this, Lila, and to-night: I'm going to make a clean breast of it before everybody, and I hope I'll be forgiven; and if I am, I'm going to ask you to marry me." He led her toward the old negress and her ouija board. They had barely joined the others when the watchful Garford Redding ran his fin- gers slowly three times through his dark hair; it was a signal. Immediately the group was surrounded by men who carried rifles and revolvers--empty--and wore blue bandanna masks under broad rimmed hats. "Hands up!" they called in gruff voices. "Hands up--quick!" The order was carried out promptly. Garford Redding himself led it. Jack Byer- ly was the last. "Women out!" the masked men growled. The women stole hastily toward the ve- randa. If Byerly had had a few minutes in which to think the thing over, he would have seen through it. As it was, he took it all in deadly earnest. Those watching from the veranda saw Byerly dart behind a conveni- ent tree just as the supposed robbers began to collect watches and purses; they saw Byerly go into a rear trouser pocket and come back with his right hand full of the ALIAS HIS LORDSHIP. 633 blue steel of an automatic pistol--they saw him spring from his shelter almost within the second, his voice keen with the ring of iron and ice. "Drop your guns, you tin horn robbers! Drop 'em for Rio Jack!" Bang! and Bang! and Bang! Three masked men dropped their weapons because their wrists were broken. He was in their midst now. The three wounded men took to their heels; the other five of the pseudo-highwaymen stood as though they were frozen stiff. Redding, his face a pasty, ashen hue, began to gibber: "It was all a joke, Annesley--a joke-- don't you see? You've crippled nearly half of them! It was a joke--don't you see?" Confirmation of this came from more re- liable sources. John Byerly threw down the little pistol that Wiggins had persuaded him to carry as a measure of proteotion, and quietly folded his arms. After a few sec- onds he spoke. "Yes, Redding, I see. I see very clearly. I was to be the goat; you meant to humili- ate me. Well, Redding, you needn't shake like that; I'll never be Rio Jack any more, and I won't hurt you without more provo- cation than I've got now. I'd like to thrash you, I'll admit; but I've learned con- trol of myself, and there are women near by. Now, Redding, I'm going to make a sort of speech, and I'd rather you wouldn't be present: you make the atmosphere de- cidedly bad. Please take yourself and your tiny tin holdup artists away, won't you?" They went shamefacedly. Redding was hoist on his own petard. This last Byerly made his speech, and it was not without eloquence and a fine human appeal. He confessed everything from be- ginning to end, made apologies, asked for- giveness if they felt that it wouldn't cost them too much, and requested to know im- mediately just where he stood in the ther- mometer of their regard. Old Betterton Devine stepped forward-- and stopped. But the remembrance of Byerly's persecution and of Byerly's stand- ing up under it like a true man sent him on. He set the Clearwater River aristocracy a good example by wringing the former pretender's hand most heartily. "Speaking for myself, John," and he smiled broadly, "I'll say that the mercury in the thermometer of my regard for you is running clean out at the top!" He faced about. "Ladies and gentlemen, what do I hear?" What he heard was a loud clapping of hands, and to the everlasting credit of Mrs. Betterton Devine she herself touched it off. A little later, John Lord Annesley Byerly found the bay blossom girl on the lawn in the shadows near the gate. "If you hadn't asked me," she told him after he had spok- en, "I--I think I'd have asked you." And he reached for her. It was late that night when he carried the tidings to Old Top Wiggins. Old Top. torn between happiness and real grief, sat up in bed and both blessed and cursed his pal in the same breath. "I knowed it!" he groaned. "Well, Rio, yuh old spavined pinto, here's good luck and a velvet trail to yuh both!" THE SEEKER SO he tied up his loves in an old tump-line, And sealed his heart with a vow. And left, with a star for the only sign Of the way that he travels now. At home they said he was mad to go, In town, that he left to his cost: And 'tis true--as the firs by a river know. But he knew when a soul is lost. T. Morris Longstreth . A Change in the Management By  ROSE HENDERSON LATE August sales were on, and crowds of shoppers surged around the French blouse counter, peering at price tags, fingering models, searching for guaranteed bargains. Doris Kenton stood behind the counter and shifted wearily from one aching foot to the other. Outside the air was fresh with the first hint of autumn coolness, the sunlight was ruddy with a foretaste of au- tumn gold. Inside the electric lights blazed, electric fans whirred, elevators rushed up and down, customers elbowed each other, clerks called to cash girls and floor walkers. Doris spread out a beaded crepe de chine and smiled mechanically at the woman op- posite. "Very lovely," drawled Doris. She was thinking of the purple haze that hung over the Hudson when she went to work that morning. It had reminded her of Wyoming and the smoke of forest fires. It had brought a wave of homesickness, and yet she was eager to see it again. She decided that she would take the bus home even if it did cost a nickel more and take so much longer than the subway. If only to-morrow were Sunday, and she could go out to River- side Park! "It is a good value," the customer was deliberating. "A remarkable value, madam. Far be- low what it cost us, I assure you," sighed Doris. "Very becoming, too. Looks won- derful with your hair." Doris held the blouse against her own slim shoulders and lifted her round chin above the rose-colored folds. 634 A CHANGE IN THE MANAGEMENT. 635 "Yes, I do like it," admitted the cus- tomer. "Almost the first of September," Doris was thinking. "Wonder if the old crowd'll be camping up the canon." Unconsciously she swept her hand over her smooth coif- fure, rumpling out the brown curls around her temples. The canon in September! Rustling leaves, yellowing cottonwoods, rusty goldenrod. Cool nights, and a bed of pine boughs and blankets before a slow log fire. Stars blinking through the tree tops, smell of earth and cedar-- "I'll take this. Charge it, please, and I'll take it with me," the customer an- nounced. "Mis-ter Mi-iles! Charge, please. Mis- ter Mi-iles!" called Doris. She took the name and address, assured the woman again that the blouse was a wonderful value, and went in search of the elderly floor walker. It was getting near closing time. And it seemed as if a dozen female voices were shrilling "Mis-ter Mi-iles!" "Yes, Miss Kenton. Sorry to keep you waiting," said Miles when Doris finally corraled him for the perfunctory O. IC. of the woman's charge. She sank down on a divan for a minute's rest, and looked up at Miles. "Tired to-night?" he asked. "Oh, not specially," said Doris. She looked Miles over critically, his thin, aris- tocratic face, his close-cut gray hair, his perfect clothes. She was wondering how It would seem to grow old in a department store, to live year in and year out with the crowds mill- ing about you, with the rushing elevators, the whirring fans, the glaring lights. Al- ways working with people and yet never knowing them. Making casual acquaint- ances among other clerks and cash girls and floor walkers, and then losing your drifting friendships in the city's maw of multitudes. There was Gene Howard over in the shoe department. He and Doris had been fast friends for a time, going about together, meeting for lunch, chatting for a stolen minute or two when business slacked in the long days. Now she hadn't seen Gene to talk to him for almost a week. And when she did see him he had a moody, absent- minded air. He was slipping out of her life again just as people were always slip- ping out of your life in New York. Doris looked in a mirror and put back the rumpled brown curls around her tem- ples. "Guess he was afraid I was falling in love with him," she said to herself with a hard smile. Back at the counter Doris folded away blouses with skillful fingers, kept an eye on the crowd of shoppers swirling past, and dreamed over old rodeo days, old rides over hills and mountains and wide, tawny plains, old dances and moonlit trails, back in Wy- oming--two years ago. Could it be only two years since she swapped Wyoming for Broadway, came to New York to go on the stage, and then didn't go! Doris shrugged at the thought of what had come between her and that care-free Western life. First, violent ambition, the- atrical employment agencies, and near star- vation. Then, stubbornly waning hope, cheaper rooms, worn shoe heels, and finally the French blouse counter, receding ambi- tion, and more food. Off to work in the morning before she was hardly awake. Crowded subway express trains, and cus- tomers, customers, c?-tomers! All day long. Dusting shelves and boxes, folding blouses, showing blouses, selling blouses, saying, "Yes, madam, a remarkable value. Very smart. Tremendously becoming. Looks wonderful with your hair." Now there had been a change in the store management, and a number of the old force had left or had been discharged. Reports of the new firm's retrenchment policy had spread, with excited emphasis, among the employees. Everybody was a bit appre- hensive, a little on edge. That was prob- ably what ailed Gene, Doris was thinking. He was afraid that he might lose his job. But anyway, he needn't make that an ex- cuse for cutting his old friends. Somebody passed her elbow. "Night, Miss Doris," said Miles. "Night," said Doris, smiling back at the friendliness in the floor walker's voice. It was the first time he had called her by her first name, and she liked it. It sounded like home. In Wyoming nobody called her Miss Kenton unless he were an absolute 636 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. stranger, and even then he might make it Miss Doris or Miss Dorrie. But Wyoming was different from New York. A gong shrilled. The final swirl of customers was eddying out the doors. Saleswomen were putting away stock and getting out night covers for counters. Cash girls were scurrying to cloak rooms. Floor men were pulling down window shades, checking up sales, shutting off electric fans. Another day was over, as far as the big department store was con- cerned, and the store force, old and young, great and small, was making the final spurt for aching feet, tired legs and buzzing brains. In a few minutes the carefully graded, efficiently organized body of work- ers would be scattered to the four winds, swelling the crowds on buses and subways and surface cars, hurrying home to fur- nished rooms, boarding houses or cozy apartments, according to the diverse posi- tions on the pay roll. Outside the mellow sunlight was soften- ing, the blue haze was growing deeper along the river, and a faint scent of drying leaves was caught in the vagrant wind. From the top of a careening bus Doris looked at the crowded streets without see- ing them. She purled her hat down over her eyes, fastened her neck piece close under her chin and drank in the cool air with gasps of enjoyment. The purple mist, the yellowing leaves, the flicking wind took her back to Wy- oming. Once she had ridden in the annual "Wild West" at Cheyenne. She didn't win the championship, but she came close to it. Her eyes shone as she remembered the plunging hoofs, the dust, the cheers, the whirling lariats, the smell of leather and sweating horses. Men in wide hats and khaki-colored riding clothes, women in white silk blouses and bright colored ties, and over it all, the clear, high blue of a Wyoming sky. Yet, in spite of her dreaming over the old days, Doris did not want to leave New York. She couldn't leave, a quitter, she said to herself. But she dreaded the pos- sibility of being turned adrift again, a de- tached atom in the swirling streets, a lone- ly, jobless boarder in a cheap room that she could ill afford to pay for out of scanty savings. Again she thought of Gene, and wondered what he would do if he left the store. Again her heart sank at the memory of their good times together. II. The next day was Saturday, with the usual Saturday rush. Women with chil- dren, school-teachers, suburbanites--a more mixed and hectic flood of shoppers than filled the store during the week. Doris found the Saturday crowds wearing, and yet they interested her. They revealed more of themselves than the average so- phisticated buyer of expensive blouses. Often they lingered around the counter "just looking." That made some of the saleswomen furious, but Doris didn't mind. She could remember the times when she had liked to "just look," when she hadn't much money to spend, and yet enjoyed seeing what she might buy if she had more. She saw no reason for getting supercilious over the fact that you sold expensive wares. "We put the stuff out here for folks to look at. Let 'em look," Doris would say when May Winn got snippy about custom- ers who didn't buy anything. "Wouldn't it be fun to have a little store with lots of just ordinary things for ordi- nary people," Doris had said to Gene How- ard. She liked to sell to people who really needed the things they bought. She got a vicarious pleasure out of their enjoyment. And she felt sorry for women who looked longingly at her shimmering blouses and shook their heads over the prices. She hated to have to tell them that they would find something less expensive in the base- ment. But a little store with 'most everything in it, like one she remembered out at Lara- mie--a store that you could walk around in without the sense of exploring a small city. It would be reasonably quiet except at holiday times and on Saturday after- noons. There would be people coming in day after day that you would get to know; women chatting about school and young- sters, and asking you what the spring and fall styles were going to be. A CHANGE IN THE MANAGEMENT. 637 "Something in pale blue? Yes, madam. A beautiful model. Awfully youthful. Very popular with young girls." Doris turned to wait on a mother and daughter. "Some of the new rose shades are good for blondes, too," she suggested, glancing at the daughter's blue eyes and yellow hair. The girl's eyes shone at the rainbow colors Doris spread before her. And the mother finally ordered two blouses, a blue and a rose one, because the girl couldn't decide which she liked better. "Getting her ready for college," the woman confided. "Don't know how I'll get along without her, though." Then came a fussy woman who ordered everything out and bought nothing, a school-teacher who took a simple white crepe, a brisk flapper who demanded Egyp- tian designs. So they came, young and old, rich and poor, and Doris waited on them, wistfully anxious to please. Tn the back of her mind was the nagging fear of dis- missal, the haggard anticipation of another search for work. At noon Doris was dizzy with fatigue. Miles stopped at the counter and asked her to go to lunch with him, and she ac- cepted gratefully. "Oh, thanks, Mr. Miles," she said. "How did vou know that I was homesick to-day?" In the dressing room, as she rubbed some rouge into her pale cheeks, Doris felt a sudden panic. The floor walker was being unusually kind because he was sorry for her, she decided. He knew she was going to lose her place, and he was trying to ease her disappointment. That was it. She sat down shakily as the thought came to her. Well, anyway, it was comforting to find somebody who cared enough to be sympa- thetic. Miles had been in the business all his life. Maybe he could help her find an- other place. She would sound him out and see whether he knew anything. But at lunch Miles refused to be sound- ed, and finally began talking about Gene. A clean young chap, he observed, and a mighty clever salesman. He had known the boy for years--ever since he came into the store a green hand. Oh, it must have been five or six years ago. And then Miles talked reminiscently of the old management and the old days; of the ups and downs of merchandising. He had been a silk sales- man for many years, and knew all about silks from the worm to the sales counter. Doris listened, fascinated. She had never thought about all the diverse rami- fications of a big store's trade. It made her work seem a thousand times more in- teresting when Miles talked about it. It increased her admiration, also, for the men who directed and managed a great mercan- tile enterprise. What if they did fire you! They had a mighty big job, and they had to make it pay. "You're as good as a story book." she told Miles. III. She got it that night--the slip in her pay envelope stating that her services would be no longer required; that on account of the necessity for cutting down expenses the force was being reduced; that if at any time in the future there was need for additional help, the management would be glad to have her back. It was nicely worded. And there was further explanation that Doris did not read. She stuck the crumpled slip in her hand bag and hurried to collect her things: an extra umbrella that she kept in the locker, a book Gene had asked about and that she had brought to loan him and then didn't. In the subway jam she nerved herself against the sense of despondency and de- feat that swept over her. There was no need to get panicky, she knew that. New York was full of department stores and shops and factories. She'd find something else right away. To-morrow she would buy the Sunday papers and look up the ads. Next week she would strike right out and search the town before she had a chance to get blue and scared. Maybe she'd find something a whole lot better than she had left. Maybe she could get into one of the smaller stores where the work was less exacting. At One Hundred and Sixteenth Street Doris left the subway and walked toward the river. She yearned for fresh air and quiet. The park was almost deserted, and 638 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. she walked on until she came to a favorite bench under a great elm tree. The river was dazzling silver beneath the lowering sun. The trees on the opposite shore were blue with haze, like the smoke of forest fires. But she wasn't thinking of Wyoming to-night. She was planning intently on staying right in New York. "Peanuts 'n' cracker jack?" A small urchin stood beside her repeating his plaint, and Doris gave him a dime and picked two small bags of peanuts out of his basket. The boy went on, and a saucy gray squirrel came to share her feast. Yellowing leaves drifted down from the giant elm tree. Boats whistled on the river, and buses droned along the drive above the vine-cur- tained wall. Yes, she liked New York, in spite of the difficulties, in spite of the tiresome neces- sity of jobs and meal tickets. She recalled the plays she and Gene had gone to, the trips to Coney, their dinners at Greenwich Village tea rooms, their hikes up the river. She brushed the saucy squirrel from her shoulder and opened the second bag of peanuts, then jumped violently at the sound of a familiar whistle. Down the path came Gene, waving his hat and swinging along, his brown hair red in the sunshine. A sudden anger swept Doris at the sight of his nonchalance. He was coming to cheer her up, and she didn't want to be cheered up. He thought he could drop her when he pleased and then come around with crumbs of sympathy. She stiffened her tired shoulders and picked up her book and umbrella. "Hello! Thought I'd find you here," he called. "It's the right old place to shake the dust of Keppel &amp; Company from off your shoes." He threw his hat on the grass and sank down beside it. "Can't you giye a poor hungry tramp a peanut?" he begged. "You can have them all. I'm going home", said Doris in a sweet, cool voice. "Come on, don't be sore. I got it, too." "Got what?" "Got canned, fired, discharged, what- ever term you prefer. The shoe depart- ment at Keppel &amp; Company's is no longer eager for my services." Gene produced a slip duplicating the crumpled one in Doris's hand bag, and smiled cheerfully up at the setting sun. "It's all right. I don't blame 'em. It's their business." Doris sat down on the bench again and dropped her book and umbrella. Her anger vanished as suddenly as it came. "Really, Gene?" she asked, in spite of the printed evidence before her eyes. "Why, Miles was telling me just to-day what a clever salesman you are!" "Was he, now? Well, he's a good old scout." "He said he's known you for years, and never known a mean thing about you," Doris continued with a little flush, ashamed of her momentary hostility. "Well, bless him! He's more than a good scout. He's a bully old chief." "You won't have any trouble getting an- other place," Doris remarked. "With all your experience." "Oh, I don't know. Never worked any- where else. I was tired of that job, any- how. Have a notion to go West or north or some place. Guess I got the wanderlust hearing you talk about Wyoming." "But you know the shoe business," said Doris quickly. She didn't want Gene drift- ing around out West. He wouldn't like it. And he was a born salesman. "Well, I don't know. Don't much care for this business of bein' hired and fired. Kind of imagine I'd like to do something on my own. Have a ranch or something." "But you've only been fired once in five or six years," said Doris. "Anyway, let's go and eat. We aren't down to peanuts yet for regular fare, I guess." He picked up the book and um- brella. "Just the volume I was wishing for, and you promised to loan it to me, too," he observed. "Why haven't you done it, kind lady?" "You were too busy for reading, I took it," explained Doris, a touch of ice creep- ing into her voice. "Well, I have been busy, all right. Busy and scared, if you want to know it. You see, I'd never been fired before, and I thought it was goin' to be something awful. I began to expect it and worry about it as A CHANGE IN THE MANAGEMENT. 639 soon as the new management took us over. Now that it's actually happened, I rather like it. As I say, I was getting tired of that job, and I never would have had the nerve to kick myself out. 'Thank you kindly, sir,' she said." He pressed the printed slip to his lips and then cast it dramatically away among the yellow elm leaves. He picked up his hat on the end of the um- brella. "Come on, let's eat," he coaxed, in his best salesman voice. IV. They were very jolly over their trays at the messy cafeteria; so jolly that Doris almost forgot she had lost a job that day. And when dinner was over, and Gene in- sisted that they take a bus ride, she was so happy that even remembering the lost job couldn't make her miserable. Uptown along the river they jogged, cozily ensconced in a front seat with most of the bus top to themselves. "I'm hoping maybe I can get into a smaller store where it'll be more--more homy, you know," said Doris. "That's right. You did have the idea that a small store'd be nice, didn't you? Now you see, it may be a good thing you got fired, too. You'll find out what a little old machine you were getting to be. You'll get a chance to develop your many talents." He pinched her elbow teasingly, and Doris agreed that it might be a good thing. She was day-dreaming blissfully, sniffing the scent of withering leaves, drinking in the cool wind from the river. "But you were so awfully different all week. I--I thought you were sore about something," she said at last. "Me sore at you? Lord, no! I was just disgusted with myself--and then busy, too. And I hated to have you think that I couldn't make good even as a dinky shoe clerk. Let's get down here." "Why here?" "Just for a little walk around. River's awful pretty up this way, don't you think? And I feel as if I wanted something to drink. Better have a malted milk. You'll be getting skinny the first thing you know." They got down and walked along a street lined with cottonwoods. There were a few houses with deep lawns and flowerbeds, be- tween the apartment blocks. "Wouldn't it be great to live out here," said Doris, "in one of those old houses." "Yes. But mighty expensive. They'll be tearing them down before long and building up apartments. A nice apartment out here wouldn't be bad, though." They crossed the street, walked several blocks east, and went into a store. It wasn't a drug store, though. It was a small dry goods store, and Doris looked around wonderingly. "It's about time you were showing up." somebody growled from behind the coun- ter. And there stood Miles, his gray hair shining under the lights. "Nice little store?" he asked Doris. "Why, yes, but what are you doing out here? Is it--is it yours?" she gasped. "Mine and Mr. Howard's there," said Miles, turning to where Gene was fussing over a shelf of boxes. "He can't sell any- thing but shoes, though. So we'll have to put in a shoe department to keep him busy. We--we're hoping you'll help us out in the blouse section. We'll have to have some just common, everyday waists out here, too. Kind of a neighborhood store, you see. But it's a nice little business. I used to work in a store like this when I was a youngster. We can build up a good trade. I'm sure. A lot of people rather come here than trail downtown if we give 'em what they want, and we can do that. Rents are a lot cheaper out here. They want good service, though. Make it a nice, refined little concern, like a specialty shop, only more stuff. Make it neat and attractive. Sell the best and sell it right." Miles was elated with the new pride of ownership. "Oh, Mis-ter Mi-iles! I simply can't believe it. You're partners--and you want me?" Doris looked around at the neat counters, the big front windows, the grass rugs and wicker settees. There was a huge bowl of goldenrod on a stand in front of a mirror. "Delighted to have you, and I'm sure Mr. Howard won't object. Eh, Howard?" 640 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. "Naw, you're hired, Doris," said Gene. "Really, it's just too--wonderful," pant- ed Doris in a shaky voice that sounded as if she were going to cry. "You tell her the details,"- said Miles. "I got to run out and see about some more lights. We're going to have an opening next week, Miss Doris." "I think it's going to be all right. Miles has had a lot of all sorts of experience, and he's crazy about it," said Gene. "And it was your idea, really, so of course we couldn't do anything but take you in. You suggested it, talking about a little store. That set me thinking, and I thought it would be a timely move, considering the change down at Keppel's. I had a small inheritance I wanted to invest, and I talked the idea over with several men, but nobody seemed interested till I came to Miles. He said he'd been wanting a small business of his own lor a long time. So we just went into partnership. Nice little scheme, don't you think? And we've been so darned busy chasing around after hours, looking this place up and all. We worked out here till twelve o'clock last night. I thought it'd be great to wait and surprise you. D'ye see the goldenrod? I got that. Thought you'd like it. And you're hired at your old salary, if you want it. First job under a brand new management." "Oh, Gene, I love it!" "Permanent, too, unless you resign. If you do that there's a penalty." "Penalty?" "Yeah. You--you got to marry the junior partner. Might you do that, Doris, dear, some time?" asked Gene, clutching both her hands. "I've loved you since the first minute I saw you." "Well, I--of course, I might," said Doris with a tearful laugh. "But why -- why wait till I resign?" A WORD FOR THE GROOM EVERYWHERE we hear her praises And the beauties that abide In that marvel of perfection, The sweet June bride. But I rise to ask a question: Is it folly to presume If we, just in passing, mention The sad old groom? He's the man in somber clothing, Like a culprit at the bar; But he serves a useful purpose-- He hires the car. In the ceremony proper His is but a minor part; Pie's a sort of needful pillar. She a work of art. All the papers laud her beauty. Columns telling of her gown And her rare attainments noting (When she married Brown); But I wish to say in passing, It is neither right nor fair; For there wouldn't be a wedding If he wasn't there. Charles H. Chesley . 10 A If your rheumatism comes on again this year-- How can a medicine that is applied on the outside of the skin reach a pain deep down in the joints and muscles? This treatment acts by stimulating the brain to send new blood to the affected area DON'T suffer unnecessary pain. Get relief at once. It may be splendidly courageous to just "grin and bear it"--but it is a frightful waste of the very vital resources you need to help you get rid of the cause of the pain. Your doctor will tell you that pain should always be relieved -- just as quickly and as completely as possible. And this relief is easily at hand. However deep-seated, however hard to reach the pain may seem to you, it can be stopped -- quickly and permanently. Nearly fifty years ago a remedy for muscular pain was given to the world that has brought relief to so many sufferers that today you will find it in one home out of every three. This remedy is Sloan's Liniment -- probably the foremost household remedy in America, used all over the world and recommended by doctors everywhere. No matter where the pain is, no matter how deep down in joints and muscles, it can be reached if the natural curative powers inside the body are only aroused. When you use Sloan's, it stimulates the nerves on the skin. They arouse the brain, which in turn causes the blood vessels to expand throughout the painful area, under the place where the liniment has been applied. Rich new blood rushes in. This new blood coming, freshly purified, from heart and lungs, with all its marvelous germ-destroying, upbuilding powers brings to sick, pain-ridden tissues just what they need to heal them. This is the scientifically correct way to relieve pain. It doesn't just deaden the nerves. It gives your own natural bodily defenses the aid they need to drive out the cause of pain. Don't wait until you are in actual need. Get a bottle of Sloan's this very day, and have it on hand--35c at all druggists. Just apply it -- no rubbing is necessary, it will not stain. Immediately you will feel a gentle warmth -- then a pleasant tingling of the skin -- then, almost magically, relief from pain. There is no burning, no blistering, only quick, lasting relief. SLOAN'S Liniment -- Kills pain Year to Pay One dollar with coupon is all you need send. Then $1.50 a monthly -- giving you a whole 3 Rugs Each small rug measures 18 x 36 inches. They match exactly the large rug you select. While this offer lasts, we give three of these small rugs free with each I large rug; all for less than the price of one. This is Pattern 408 This is Pattern 534 Triple Guarantee Congoleum, identified by the Gold Seal shown above -- on the Rugs. It protects you against dissatisfaction and gives you an unconditional money-back guarantee. Behind the Gold Seal Guarantee Is our own Double Bond. No orders filled In cities of 100,000 population or over Four CONGOLEUM Rugs for Less than the Price of One $1.00 Brings All Four Ours is the only house in America that can make such an offer. No one else can bring you a genuine guaranteed Gold Seal Congoleum Rug, in the full 9 foot by 12 foot size, with three small rugs extra, and all for less than the regular price of the big rug alone. And on a year credit. Clip the coupon below. Write your name and address plainly. Say which pattern you want. Pin a dollar bill to it -- mail at once. We will ship immediately -- on a month's trial -- all 4 Congoleum Rugs -- in one complete neat package. No muss, no other, no trouble to lay. If satisfactory take a year to pay. The Rug of Guaranteed Wear, Year to Pay -- 3 Rugs FREE Congoleum Gold Seal Art Rugs are the most popular floor covering known. They are rapidly becoming the national floor covering -- highly prized in good homes for any and all rooms. They Are Waterproof. No burlap for water to rot. Surface is hard, smooth and wear-resisting. Does not stain. Not marred or hurt by spilling of hot liquids. They Lie Flat from the first moment without fastening. They never curl up or kick up at edges or corners. No need to tack or fasten them down. Dirt cannot accumulate underneath. Work. Rid yourself of back-breaking drudgery. Dirt, ashes, grit, dust or mud cannot "grind into" Congoleum Gold Seal Art Rugs. A damp rag or mop keeps it clean and colorings bright. No laborious cleaning, no sending to cleaners. Absolutely sanitary. Ail this guaranteed by the famous Gold Seal that means complete satisfaction or your money back. Tile Pattern No. 408 Probably no floor covering of - any quality or kind, ever piled up the popularity of this wonderful design. It is a superb tile pattern that looks like mosaic. Lovely robin's egg blue, with shadings of Dutch blue, and a background of soft stone gray, give a matchless effect. Particularly suited for a kitchen or a dining-room. Don't fear muddy boots and shoes. A damp mop whisks it clean in a jiffy. Shown at the left side, above, Only $1.00 with Coupon -- $1.50 Monthly 9 x 12 ft. Congoleum Gold Seal Rug with 3 small rugs to match, each 18 x 36 In. -- all four only OUR CATALOG OF 10000 OTHER FURNITURE BARGAINS NOW READY. A POSTAL CARD BRINGS IT FREE 10000 Other Furniture Bargains Spiegel, May, Stern and Co. 1066 West 35th St., Chicago, Ill. Ask for Free Catalog Oriental Pattern No. 534 This is the beautiful Gold Seal Congoleum Art Rug as shown at the right side, above. On the floor, it looks unbelievably like an expensive woven rug. The richest bluecolor dominates the ground work. Yellow ochre, old ivories, and light tans, set off the blue field. Mingled with these lovely tints are peacock blue, robin's egg blue and darker tones. Old rose, tiny specks of lighter pink and dark mulberry are artistically placed. Darker browns and blacks lend dignity and richness. The border background contrasts with the blue all over center by reversing the color scheme. Ochre and tan shades form border background. An ideal all purpose rug, beautiful in any room. Only $1.00 with Coupon -- $1.50 Monthly 9 x 12 ft. Congoleum Gold Seal Rug with 3 small rugs to match each 18 x 36 in. -- all four only Almost everybody knows the price of the famous Congoleum Gold Seal Art Rugs. You'll find no offer like ours -- lower price, rugs free, 30 days trial, year to pay. PIN A DOLLAR TO THIS COUPON Spiegel, May, Stern Co., 1066 W. 35th St., Chicago, Ill. I enclose $ for the 4 Gold Seal Congoleum Art Rugs -- exactly as described -- in the pattern selected below, on 30 days free trial. If I return them, you are to refund my $1. also all transportation costs. Otherwise I will pay $1.50 monthly, until special bargain price of $17.95, is paid. I want Pattern Number Be sure to write in space above the Number of the pattern you select. If you wish both patterns, put down both numbers send $2 with order and S3 monthly and get all 8 rugs. Name ....................................... Street, R. F. D. or Box No. ................ Post Office ..................State ........ Shipping Point ............................. Also send me your latest free Furniture Book