Vhe Unique,Magazine

THEN CHOOSE
AVIATION!

                           ^RE you a red-
       blooded, dar-
       _	»ing he-man'?

 Are you eager for a life of constant thrills,
 constant excitement and fascinating events'!
 Do you crave adventure, popularity, admira-
 tion, and the applause of great crowds? Then
 why not get into the Aviation Industry—the
 greatest adventure since time began — the
 greatest thrill ever offered to man?

   Think what Aviation offers you.

 Thrills such as you never had be-
 fore! The praise and plaudits of
 the multitude. And a chance to
 get in on the ground floor where
 rewards will be unlimited!

   Aviation is growing so swiftly
 that one can hardly keep track of
 all the astonishing new develop-
 ments. Air-mail routes have just
 been extended to form a vast aerial
 network over the entire U. S. Air-
 lines and airplane factories are
 springing up all over the country.

 Men like Henry Ford are investing
 Millions in the future of commer-
 cial Aeronautics in America! The
 possibilities are so tremendous that
 they stagger imagination!

   Everything is set for the great-
 est boom in history. The fortunes
 that came out of the automobile
 industry and out of motion pictures will be
 nothing compared to the fortunes that will
 come out of Aviation! There is just one thing
 holding it up:—lack of trained men! Even
 in the beginning thousands will be needed—
 and generously paid. The opportunities open
 to them cannot be over-estimated. Those who
 qualify quickly will find themselves on the
 road to undreamed of money—success—popu-
 larity—and prominence!

Easy to Become An Aviation
Expert

  Get into this thrilling profession at once while
 the field is new and uncrowded. Now—by a
 unique new plan—you can quickly secure the basic
 training for one of these wonderful high salaried
 jobs, at home, in spare time. Experts will teach
 you the secrets—give you all the inside facts that

_:-re essential to your success. And,

           the study of Aviation is almost aa
           fascinating as the actual work itself.
           Every Lesson is chock-full of interest
           —and so absorbing that you actually
           forget you are studying. But best of
           all are the ultimate rewards you are
           fitting yourself to gain)

PICK YOUR
JOB!

 Flying

 Airplane Instructor
 Airplane Engineer
 Airplane Repairman
 Airplane Assembler
 Airplane Mechanician
 Airplane Inspector
 Airplane Builder
 Airplane Salesman
 Exhibition Man-
 ager
 Airpiane Contrac-
 tor

 Airplane Motor
 Expert
 Airplane
 designer

Send for FREE Book

 Send the coupon for our new, free
 book, just out—Opportunities in the
 Airplane Industry. It in vitally inter-
 esting, reads like a romance and tells you
 things about this astonishing
 profession you never even
 dreamed of. This book is so
 fascinating it could easily sell
 for a dollar. We offer a limited
 number FREE. Write for youTS
 today.

American School of Aviation

Dept.2452,3601 Michigan Are., Chicago, 111.

 S AMERICAN SCHOOL OF AVIATION,

  I Dept.2452. 3601 Michigan Avc., Chicago, 111.

 [Without any obligation please send me FREE book
 Opportunities in the Airplane Indnttrv- Also information
 about your course In Practical Aeronautics.

e Name _____________________________ Age___________

! City------------------------Bute-

Kindly mention this magazine when arjwering advertisements
REGISTERED IN U.S. PATENT OFFICE

         Published monthly by the Popular Fiction Publishing Company, 2457 13. Wash-
     ington Street, Indianapolis, Ind. Entered as second-class matter March 20, 1923, at
     the post office at Indianapolis. Ind.. under the act of March 3, 1879. Single copies. 25
     cents. Subscription. $2.i>0 a year in the United States; $3.00 a year in Canada. English
     office: Charles Lavell, 13, Serjeant’s Inn. Fleet Street, E. C. 4. London. The publishers
     are not responsible for the loss of unsolicited manuscripts, although every care will be
     taken of such material while in their possession. The contents of this magazine are
     fully protected by copyright and mii3t not be reproduced either wholly or in part without
     permission from the publishers.

          NOTE—All manuscripts and communications should be addressed to the publishers’
      Chicago office at 840 North Michigan Avenue, Chicago. III.

                                          FARNSWORTH WRKIHT, Editor.

Copyright, 1029. by the Popular Fiction Publishing Company

Contents for February, 1929

Cover Design__________________________________Hugh Ranlrin

           Illustrating a, scene in “The Stnr-Stculers”

The Ghosts of the Gods________________________E. M. Hill 148

          Verne; decoration by Hugh Rankin

The Star-Stealers______________________Edmond Hamilton 149

           A dread menace from outside the universe threatens to drag
           the. solar system to destruction in the cold of outer space

The Devil-People_________________________Seabury Quinn 169

          Ghostly and ghastly were the Malay foes against whom the
          little French phantom-fighter went into action

Highwaymen_________________________W. Benson Dooling 191

          A brief story of a highway man who teas out matched by a
          shadowy figure on horseback

The Vengeance of the Dead (Part 1)-----------Eli Colter 193

           A two-part serial story of a strange monster whose, ghastly
           depredations terrified the guests at Waggener Wilds

[CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE]

COPYRIGHTED IN GREAT BRITAIN
[continued fkom preceding page]

The Brass Key_____________________________Hal K. Wells 213

      A grim and powerful tale of the eery revenge devised by Foo
      Chong for the hoodlum, Bull Partlow

The Ghost Ship____________________________Arlton Eadle 220

      Captain Frewin, having lout one ship through his infatuation
      for a girl, wrecked another in the same spot

A Witch’s Curse_____________________________Paul Ernst 229

      A strange tale of Salem witchcraft. and the uncanny doom
      that hung over a descendant of the Puritan ivitch-baiters

The Three__________________________Louise Van De Verg 243

     A ghostly fog shut out the memory of the man and the
     woman, but it all came back with crushing clearness—loo late!

Folks Used to Believe :

Pope Joan____________________________Alvin F. Harlow 246

      One of the strange beliefs of our ancestors

The Isle of Lost Souls (Conclusion).Joel Martin Nichols, Jr. 247

      A serial story of the Fourth Dimension, buried treasure, and
      weird adventures on Bakelief Island

Sonnets of the Midnight Hours:

11. Doom____________________________Donald Wandrei 254

      Verse

“Melodie in E Minor”________________August W. Derleth 255

     A very short ghost-tale—Amy played that piece by Rach-
     maninoff until it drove her husband to desperation

An Adventure in Anesthesia______________Everil Worrell 257

      The new gas used at the hospital drove one man to suicide,
      and had a startling and weird effect on another

Weird Story Reprint:

The Tall Woman_____________Pedro Antonio de Alarcon 266

      She was the nemesis of the Spanish engineer, ivhose grisly
      and terrifying presence was the forerunner of death

The Eyrie_____________________________________________ 275

      A chat with the readers

Crete_________________________________Robert E. Howard 287

      Verse

For Advertising Rates in WEIRD TAXES Apply Direct to

WEIRD TALES

 Western Advertising Office:
 YOUNG It WARD. MgTS.
 300 N, Michigan Ave.

Chicago. III.

Phone. Central 6i<®

Eastern Advertising Office!
GEORGE W. STEARNS, Mgr.
Flatiron Building
New York, N. Y.

Phone, Ashland 7329

M7
rTHEL • GHOaSTaS
Of the; GODaS ar
b^ILMHILL ’V

 The souls of men at last find peace
 When in the grave their bodies lie,

 But in what place ’twixt heaven and hell
 May rest the ghosts of the gods that die ?

>

 Cursed and forgotten they wander now
 By midnight paths when the night owls cry.
 The hollow wind and whispering rain—

 These ai*e the ghosts of the gods that die.

 And spectral birch trees, moaning low,

 Have seen them when the moon rides high:
 Ishtar, Ashtorcth, Re and Ma—

 The homeless ghosts of the gods that die.
THE STAR-
STEALER8

by tpMONp

 A S I stepped into the narrow
A bridgeroom the pilot at the
L JL controls there turned toward
me, saluting.

  “Alpha Centauri dead ahead, sir,”
he reported.

  “Turn thirty degrees outward,'’ I
told him, “and throttle down to
eighty light-speeds until we’ve passed
the star.”

  Instantly the shining levers flicked
back under his hands, and as I
stepped over to his side I saw the
arrows of the speed-dials creeping
backward with the slowing of our
flight. Then, gazing through the
broad windows which formed the
room’s front side, 1 watched the inter-
stellar panorama ahead shifting side-

wise with the turning of our course.

  The narrow bridgeroom lay across
llie very top of our ship’s long, cigar-
like hull, and through its windows all
the brilliance of the heavens around
us lay revealed. Ahead flamed the
great double star of Alpha Centauri,
two mighty blazing suns which
dimmed all else in the heavens, and
which crept slowly sidewise as we
veered away from them. Toward our
right there stretched along the inky
skies the far-flung powdered fires of
the Galaxy’s thronging suns, gemmed
with the crimson splendors of Betel-
geuse and the clear brilliance of
Canopus and the hot white light of
Rigel. And straight ahead, now,
gleaming out bevond the twin suns we

                                   149

“The vast globe stretched from horizon to horizon beneath them.”
150

WEIRD TALES

were passing, shone the clear yellow
star that was the sun of our own
system.

  It was the yellow star that I was
watching, now, as our ship fled on
toward it at eighty times the speed of
light; for more than two years had
passed since our cruiser had left it, to
become a part of that great navy of
the Federation of Stars which main-
tained peace over all the Galaxy. We
had gone far with the fleet, in those
two years, cruising with it the length
and breadth of the Milky Way,
patrolling the space-lanes of the
Galaxy and helping to crush the occa-
sional pirate ships which appeared
to levy toll on the interstellar com-
merce. And now that an order flashed
from the authorities of our own solar
system had recalled us home, it was
with an unalloyed eagerness that we
looked forward to the moment of our
return. The stars we had touched at,
the peoples of their worlds, these had
been friendly enough toward us, as
fellow-members of the great Federa-
tion, jret for all their hospitality we
had been glad enough to leave them.
For though we had long ago become
accustomed to the alien and unliuman
forms of the different stellar races,
from the strange brain-men of Algol
to the birdlike people of Sirius, their
worlds were not human worlds, not
the familiar eight little planets which
swung around our own sun, and
toward which we were speeding
homeward now.

  While I mused thus at the window
the two circling suns of Alpha
Centauri had dropped behind us, and
now, with a swift clicking of switches,
the pilot beside me turned on our full
speed. Within a few minutes our
ship was hurtling on at almost a
thousand light-speeds, flung forward
by the power of our newly invented
de-transforming generators, which
could produce propulsion-vibrations
of almost, a thousand times the fre-
quency of the light-vibrations. At
this immense velocity, matched by few

other craft in the Galaxy, we were
leaping through millions of miles of
space each second, yet the gleaming
yellow star ahead seemed quite un-
changed in size.

  Abruptly the door behind me
clicked open to admit young Dal
Nara, the ship’s second-officer, de-
scended from a long line of famous
interstellar pilots, who grinned at me
openly as she saluted.

  “Twelve more hours, sir, and we’ll
be there,” she said.

  I smiled at her eagerness. “You’ll
not be sorry to get back to our little
sun, will you?” I asked, and she
shook her head.

  “Not I! It may be just a pin-
head beside Canopus and the rest, but
there’s no place like it in the Galaxy.
I’m wondering, though, what made
them call us back to the fleet so
suddenly.”

  My own face clouded, at that. “I
don’t know,” I said, slowly. “It’s
almost unprecedented for any star to
call one of its ships back from the
Federation fleet, but there must have
been some reason-”

  “Well,” she said cheerfully, turn-
ing toward the door, “it doesn’t
matter what the reason is, so long as
it means a trip home. The crew is
worse than I am—they’re scrapping
the generators down in the engine-
room to get another light-speed out of
them.”

  I laughed as the door clicked shut
behind her, but as I turned back to
the window the question she had
voiced rose again in my mind, and I
gazed thoughtfully toward the yellow
star ahead. For as I had told Dal
Nara, it was a well-nigh unheard-of
thing for any star to recall one of its
cruisers from the great fleet of the
Federation. Including as it did every
peopled star in the Galaxy, the
Federation relied entirely upon the
fleet to police the interstellar spaces,
and to that fleet each star contributed
its quota of cruisers. Only a last
extremity, I knew, would ever induce
THE STAR-STEALERS

151

any star to recall one of its ships, yet
the message flashed to our ship had
ordered us to return to the solar
system at full speed and report at the
Bureau of Astronomical Knowledge,
on Neptune. • Whatever was behind
the order, 1 thought, I would learn
soon enough, for we were now speed-
ing over the last lap of our homeward
journey; so I strove to put tire matter
from my mind for the time being.

  With an odd persistence, though,
the question continued to trouble my
thoughts in the hours that followed,
and when we finally swept in toward
the solar system twelve hours later, it
was with a certain abstractedness that
I watched the slow largening of the
yellow star that was our sun. Our
velocity had slackened steadily as we
approached that star, and we were
moving at a bare one light-speed
when we finally swept down toward
its outermost, far-swinging planet,
Neptune, the solar system’s point of
arrival and departure for all inter-
stellar commerce. Even this speed we
reduced still further as we sped past
Neptune’s single circling moon and
down through the crowded shipping-
lanes toward the surface of the planet
itself.

  Fifty miles above its surface all
sight of the planet beneath was shut
oft' by the thousands of great ships
which hung in dense masses above it
—that vast tangle of interstellar
traffic which makes the great planet
the terror of all inexperienced pilots.
From horizon to horizon, it seemed,
the ships crowded upon each other,
drawn from every quarter of the
Galaxy. Huge grain-boats from Betel-
geuse, vast, palatial liners from
Arcturus and Vega, ship-loads of
radium ores from the worlds that
circle giant Antares, long, swift mail-
boats from distant Deneb—all these
and myriad others swirled and
circled in one great mass above
the planet, dropping down one
by one as the official traffic-direc-
tors flashed from their own boats

the brilliant signals which allowed a
lucky one to descend. And through
occasional rifts in the crowded mass
of ships could be glimpsed the inter-
planetary traffic of the lower levels, a
swarm of swift little boats which
darted ceaselessly back and forth on
their comparatively short journeys,
ferrying crowds of passengers to
Jupiter and Venus and Earth, seem-
ing like little toy-boats beside the
mighty bulks of the great interstellar
ships above them.

 As our own cruiser drove down
toward the mass of traffic, though, it
cleared away from before us in-
stantly; for the Symbol of the Federa-
tion on our bows was known from
Canopus to Fomalhaut, and the
cruisers of its fleet were respected by
all the traffic of the Galaxy. Arrowing
down through this suddenly opened
lane we sped smoothly down toward
the planet’s surface, hovering for a
moment above its perplexing maze of
white buildings and green gardens,
and then slanting down toward the
mighty flat-roofed building which
housed the Bureau of Astronomical
Knowledge. As we sped down toward
its roof I could not but contrast the
warm, sunny green panorama beneath
with the icy desert which the planet
had been until two hundred thousand
years before, when the scientists of
the solar system had devised the
great heat-transmitters which catch
the sun’s heat near its blazing surface
and fling it out as high-frequency
vibrations to the reeeiving-apparatus
on Neptune, to be transformed back
into the heat, which warms this world.
In a moment, though, we were land-
ing gently upon the broad roof, upon
which rested scores of other shining
cruisers whose crews stood outside
them watching our arrival.

  Five minutes later I was whirling
downward through the building’s in-
terior in one of the automatic little
cone-elevators, out of which I stepped
into a long white corridor. An at-
tendant was awaiting me there, and
152

WEIRD TALES

I followed him down the corridor’s
length to a high black door at its end,
which he threw open for me, closing
it behind me as I stepped inside.

It was an ivory-walled, high-ceil-
inged room in which I found my-
self, its whole farther side open to
the sunlight and breezes of the green
gardens beyond. At a desk across the
room was sitting a short-set man with
gray-streaked hair and keen, inquir-
ing eyes, and as I entered he sprang
up and came toward me.

 “Ran Rarak!" he exclaimed.
“You’ve come! For two days, now,
we’ve been expecting you.”

  “We were delayed off Aldebaran.
sir, by generator trouble,” I replied,
bowing, for I had recognized the
speaker as Hurus Hoi, chief of the
Bureau of Astronomical Knowledge.
Now, at a motion from him, I took
a chair beside the desk while he
resumed his own seat.

 A moment he regarded me in
silence, and then slowly spoke. “Ran
Rarak,' ’ lie said. ‘ ‘ you must have
wondered why your ship was ordered
back here to the solar system. Well,
it was ordered back for a reason
which we dared not state in an open
message, a reason which, if made
public, would plunge*the solar system
instantly into a chaos of unutterable
panic! ’ ’

  He was silent again for a moment,
his eyes on mine, and then went on.
“You know, Ran Rarak, that the
universe itself is composed of infinite
depths of space in which float great
clusters of suns, star-clusters which
are separated from each other by
billions of light-years of space. You
know, too, that our own cluster of
suns, which we call the Galaxy, is
roughly disklike in shape, and that
our own particular sun is situated at
the very edge of this disk. Beyond
lie only those inconceivable leagues of
space which separate us from the
neighboring star-clusters, or island-

universes, depths of space never yet.
crossed by our own cruisers or by
anything else of which Ave have
record.

  ‘‘But now, at last, something has
crossed those abysses, is crossing
them; since over three weeks ago our
astronomers discovered that a
gigantic dark star is approaching our
Galaxy from the depths of infinite
space—a titanic, dead sun which thei r
instruments showed to be of a size
incredible, since, dark and dead as it
is, it is larger than the mightiest blaz-
ing suns in our own Galaxy, larger
than Canopus or Antarcs or Betel -
geuse—a dark, dead star millions of
times larger than our own fiery sun
—a gigantic wanderer out of some far
realm of infinite space, racing toward
our Galaxy at a velocitv inconceiv-
able!

  “The calculations of our scientists
showed that this speeding dark star
would not race into our Galaxy but
would speed past its edge, and out into
infinite space again, passing no closer
to our own sun, at that edge, than
some fifteen billion miles. There was
no possibility of collision or danger
from it, therefore; and so though the
approach of the dark star is known to
all in the solar system, there is no
idea of any peril connected with it.
But there is something else which has
been kept quite secret from the
peoples of the solar system, something
known only to a few astronomers and
officials. And that is that during the
last few weeks the path of this speed-
ing dark star has changed from a
straight path to a curving one, that
it is curving inward toward the edge
of our Galaxy and will now pass our
own sun, in less than twelve weeks,
at a distance of less than three
billion miles, instead of fifteen? And
when this titanic dead sun passes that,
close to our own sun there can be but
one result. Inevitably our own sun
will be caught by the powerful
gravitational grip of the giant dark
star and carried out with all its
THE STAR-KTEALERS

153

planets into the depths ol* infinite
space, never to return ! ’ ’

  Hurus llol paused, his lace white
and set, gazing past me with wide, un-
seeing eyes. My brain whirling be-
neath the stunning revelation, I sat
rigid, silent, and in a moment lie went
on.

  “If this thing were known to all,”
he said slowly, “there would be an in-
stant. terrible panic over the solar
system, and for that reason only a
handful have been told. Flight is im-
possible, for there are not enough
ships in the Galaxy to transport the
trillions of the solar system’s popula-
tion to another star in the four weeks
that are left to us. There is but one
chance—one blind, slender chance—
and that is to turn aside this onward-
thundering dark star from its present
inward-curving path, to cause it to
pass our sun and the Galaxy’s edge
far enough away to be harmless. And
it is for this reason that we ordered
your return.

  ‘"For it is my plan to speed out of
the Galaxy into the depths of outer
space to meet this approaching dark
star, taking all of the scientific ap-
paratus and equipment which might
be used 1o swerve it aside from this
curving path it is following. During
the last week I have assembled the
equipment for the expedition and
have gathered together a force of
fifty star-eruisers which are even now
resting on the roof of this building,
manned and ready for the trip. These
are only swift mail-eruisers, though,
specially equipped for the trip, and it
was advisable to have at least one
bat tle-cruiser for flag-ship of the
force, and so your own was recalled
from the Federation fleet. And al-
though I shall go with the expedi-
tion, of course, it was my plan to have
you yourself as its captain.

  “I know, however, that you have
spent the last two years in the service
of the Federation fleet; so if you de-
sire. another will be appointed to the
post. It is one of danger—greater

danger, 1 think, than any of us can
dream. Yet the command* is yours,
if you wish to accept it.”

  Hurus ITol ceased, intently scan-
ning my face. A moment I sat silent,
then rose and stepped to the great
open window at the room’s far side.
Outside stretched the greenery of gar-
dens, and beyond them the white roofs
of buildings, gleaming beneath the
faint sunlight. Instinctively my eyes
went up to the source of that light,
the tiny sun, small and faint and far.
here, but still—the sun. A long mo-
ment. I gazed up toward it, and then
1 timed back to Hurus Hoi.

  ‘‘I accept, sir,” T said.

  He came to his feet, his eyes shin-
ing. “I knew that you would.” he
said, simply, and then: “All has been
ready for days, Ran Rarak. We start
at once. ’ ’

  Ten minutes later we were on the
broad roof, and the crews of our fifty
ships were rushing to their posts in
answer to the sharp alarm of a signal-
bell. Another five minutes and Hurus
Hoi, Dal Xara and I slood in the
bridgeroom of my own cruiser, watch-
ing the white roof drop behind and
beneath as we slanted up from it. In
a moment the half-hundred cruisers
on that roof had risen and were rac-
ing up behind us, arrowing with us
toward the zenith, massed in a close,
wedge-shaped form at ion.

  Above, the brilliant signals of the
traffic-boats flashed swiftly, clearing
a wide lane for us, and then we. had
passed through the jam of traffic and
were driving out past 1 he incoming
lines of interstellar ship* at swiftly
mounting speed, still holding the
same formation with the massed cruis-
ers behind us.

 Behind and around us, now,
flamed the great panorama of the
Galaxy’s blazing stars, but before us
lay only darkness—darkness incon-
ceivable, into which our ships were
(lashing out at greater and greater
speed. Neptune had vanished, and
far behind lay the single yellow spark
154

WEIRD TALES

that was all visible of our solar sys-
tem as we fled out from it. Out—
oul—out—rocketing, racing on, out
past the boundaries of the great Gal-
axy itself into the lightless void, out
into the unplumbed depths of infinite
space to save our threatened sun.

o

npwENTY-FOUR hours after our start
I stood again in 1he bridgeroom,
alone except for the silent, imper-
turbable figure of my ever-watch ful
wheelman, Nal Jak, staring out with
him into the black gulf that lav before
us. Many an hour we had stood side
by side thus, scanning the interstellar
spaces from our cruiser’s bridgeroom,
but never yet had my eyes been con-
fronted by such a lightless void as lay
before me now.

  Our ship, indeed, seemed to be rac-
ing through a region where light was
all but non-existent, a darkness in-
conceivable to anyone who had never
experienced it, Behind lay the Gal-
ax)- we had left, a great swarm of
shining points of light, contracting
slowly as wo sped away from it, To-
ward our right, too, several misty
little patches of light glowed faintly
in the darkness, hardly to be seen;
though theso, I knew, were other
galaxies or star-clusters like our own
—titanic conglomerations of throng-
ing suns dimmed to those tiny flickers
of light by the inconceivable depths
of space which separated them from
ourselves.

  Except for these, though, we fled
on through a cosmic gloom that was
soul-shaking in its deepness and ex-
tent, an infinite darkness and stillness
in which our ship seemed the only
moving thing. Behind us, I knew,
the formation of our fifty ships was
following close on our track, each ship
separated from the next by a five
hundred mile interval and each flash-
ing on at exactly the same speed as
ourselves. But though we knew they
followed, our fifty cruisers were nat-

urally quite invisible to us, and as . I
gazed now into the tenebrous void
ahead the loneliness of our position
was overpowering.

 Abruptly the door behind me
snapped open, and I half turned to-
ward it as Ilurus Hoi entered. He
glanced at our speed-dials, and his
brows arched in surprize.

  ‘ ‘ Good enough, ’ ’ he commented.
“If the rest of our ships can hold this
pace it will bring us to the dark star
in six days.”

  I nodded, gazing thoughtfully
ahead. “Perhaps sooner,” I esti-
mated. “The dark star is coming
toward us at a tremendous velocity,
remember. You will notice on the
telechart-’ ’

  Together we stepped over to the big
telechart, a great rectangular plate of
smoothly burnished silvery metal
which hung at the bridgeroom’s end-
wall, the one indispensable aid to
interstellar navigation. Upon it were
accurately reproduced, by means of
projected and reflected rays, the posi-
tions and progress of all heavenly
bodies near the ship. Intently we
contemplated it now. At the rec-
tangle’s lower edge there gleamed on
the smooth metal a score or more of
little circles of glowing light, of vary-
ing sizes, representing the suns at the
edge of the Galaxy behind us. Outer-
most of these glowed the light-disk
that was our own sun, and aroirnd this
Ilurus IIol had drawn a shining line
or circle lying more than four billion
miles from our sun, on the chart, He
had computed that if the approaching
dark star came closer than that to our
sun its mighty gravitational attrac-
tion would inevitably draw the latter
out with it into space; so the shining
line represented, for us, the danger-
line. And creeping down toward that
line and toward our sun, farther up
on the blank metal of the great chart,
there moved a single giant circle of
deepest black, an ebon disk a hundred
times the diameter of our glowing
little sun-circle, which was sweeping
THE STAR-STEALERS

155

down toward the Galaxy’s edge in a.
great curve.

  Hums Hoi gazed thoughtfully at
the sinister dark disk, and then shook
his head. “There’s something very
strange about that dark star,” he
said, slowly. “That curving path it’s
moving in is contrary to all the laws
of celestial mechanics. I wonder
if-”

  Before he could finish, the words
were broken off in his mouth. For at
that moment there came a terrific
shock, our ship dipped and reeled
crazily, and then was whirling blindly
about as though caught and shaken
by a. giant hand. Dal Nara, the pilot.
Hums TTol and I were slammed
violently down toward the bridge-
room 's eml with the first crash, and
then I clung desperately to the edge
of a switeh-board as we spun dizzily
about. I had a flashing glimpse,
through the windows, of our fifty
cruisers whirling blindly about like
wind-tossed straws, and in another
glimpse saw two of them caught and
slammed together, both ships smash-
ing like egg-shells beneath the terrific
impact, their crews instantly anni-
hilated. Then, as our own ship
dipped crazily downward again. I
saw Hums Hoi creeping across the
floor toward the controls, and in a
moment 1 had slid down beside him.
Another instant and we had our
hands on the levers, and were slowly
pulling them back into position.

  Caught and buffeted still by live
terrific forces outside, our cruiser
slowly steadied to an even keel and
then leapt suddenly forward again,
the forces that held us seeming to
lessen swiftly as we flashed on. There
came a harsh, grating sound that
brought my heart to my throat as one
of the cruisers was hurled past us,
grazing us, and then abruptly the
mighty grip that held us had
suddenly disappeared and we were
humming on through the same still-
ness and silence as before.

  I slowed our flight, then, until we

hung motionless, and then we gazed
wildly at each other, bruised and
panting. Before we could give utter-
ance to the exclamations on our lips,
though, the door snapped open and
Dal Nara burst into the bridgeroom,
bleeding from a cut on her forehead.

  “What was that?” she cried, rais-
ing a trembling hand to her head.
“It caught us there like toys—and

the other ships-”

  Before any ot‘ us could answer her
a bell beside me rang sharply and
from the diaphragm beneath it* came
the voice of our message-operator.

  “Ships 37, 12, 49 and 44 reported
destroyed by collisions, sir,” he an-
nounced, his own voice tremulous.
“The others report that they are
again taking up formation behind
us. ’ ’

  “Very well,” 1 replied. “Order
them 1o start again in three minutes,
on Number One speed-scale. ”

  As I turned back from the instru-
ment I drew a deep breath. “Four
ships destroyed in less than a minute,”
1 said. “And by what?"

  “By a whirlpool of ether-currents,
undoubtedly,” said Hums Hoi. We
stared at him blankly, and he threw
out a hand in quick explanation.

•	‘ You know that there are currents in
the ether—that was discovered ages
ago—and that those currents are
responsible for light-drift and similar
phenomena. All such currents in the
Galaxy have always been found to be
comparatively slow and sluggish, but
out here in empty space there must be
currents of gigantic size and speed,
and apparently we stumbled directly
into a great whirlpool or maelstrom
of them. We were fortunate to lose
hut four ships, ’ ’ he added soberly.

  I shook my head. ‘ ‘ I’ve sailed from
Sirius to Rigel,” I said, “and I never
met anything like that. And if we

meet another-”

  The strangeness of our experience,
in fact, had unnerved me, for even
after we had tended to our bruises
and were again racing on through the
156

WEIRD TALES

void, it was with a new fearfulness
that I gazed ahead. At any moment,
I knew, we might plunge directly into
some similar or even larger maelstrom
of ether-currents, yet there was no
way by which we could avoid the
danger. We must drive blindly
ahead at full speed and trust to luck
to bring us through, and now I began
to understand what perils lay between
us and our destination.

  As hour followed hour, though, my
fearfulness gradually lessened, for we
encountered no more of the dread
maelstroms in our onward flight. Yet
as we hummed on and on and on, a
new anxiety came to trouble me, for
with the passing of each day we were
putting behind us billions of miles of
space, and were flashing nearer and
nearer toward the mighty dark star
lhat was our goal. And even as we
fled on we could see, on the great
telechart, the dark disk creeping
down to meet us, thundering on
toward the Galaxy from which, unless
we succeeded, it would steal a star.

  Unless we succeeded! But could
we succeed? Was there any force in
the universe that could turn aside this
oncoming dark giant in time to pre-
vent the theft of our sun ? More and
more, as we sped on, there grew in
my mind doubt as to our chance of
success. We had gone forth on a
blind, desperate venture, on a last
slender chance, and now at last I
began to see how slender indeed was
that chance. Dal Nara felt it, too,
and even Hurus Hoi, I think, but we
spoke no word to each other of our
thoughts, standing for hours on end
in the bridgeroom together, and
gazing silently and broodingly out
into the darkness where lay our goal.

ON the sixth day of our flight we
computed, by means of our tele-
chart and flight-log, that we were
within less than a billion miles of the
great dark star ahead, and had
slackened our speed until we were
barely creeping forward, attempting

to locate our goal in the dense, un-
changed darkness ahead.

  Straining against the windows,
we three gazed eagerly forward,
while beside me Nal Jak, the
wheelman, silently regulated the
ship’s speed to my orders. Minutes
passed while we sped on, and still
there lay before us only the deep
darkness. Could it be that we had
missed our way, that our calculations
had been wrong? Could it be—and
then the wild speculations that had
begun to rise in my mind were cut
short by a low exclamation from Dal
Nara, beside me. Mutely she pointed
ahead.

  At first I could see nothing, and
then slowly became aware of a feeble
glow of light in the heavens ahead,
an area of strange, subdued light
which stretched across the whole sky,
it seemed, yet which was so dim
as to be hardly visible to our
straining eyes. But, swiftly, as we
watched it, it intensified, strength-
ened, taking shape as a mighty circle
of pale luminescence which filled
almost all the heavens ahead. I gave
a low-voiced order to the pilot which
reduced our speed still further, but
even so the light grew visibly stronger
as avc sped on.

  ‘ ‘ Light! ’ ’ whispered Hurus Hoi.
“Light on a dark star! It’s impos-
sible—and yet-”

  And now, in obedience to another
order, our ship began to slant sharply
up toward the mighty circle’s.upper
limb, followed by the half-hundred
ships behind us. And as we lifted
higher and higher the circle changed
before our eyes into a sphere—a
tremendous, faintly glowing sphere of
size inconceivable, filling the heavens
with its vast bulk, feebly luminous
like the ghost of some mighty sun,
rushing through space to meet us as
we sped up and over it. And now at
last we were over it, sweeping above
it with our little fleet at a height of
a half-million miles, contemplating in
THE 8TAB-STEALERS

157

awed silence the titanic dimensions of
the faint-glowing sphere beneath us.

  For in spite of our great height
above it, the vast globe stretched from
horizon to horizon beneath us, a
single smooth, vastly curving surface,
shining with the dim, unfamiliar
light whose source we could not
guess. It was not the light of fire, or
glowing gases, for the sun below was
truly a dead one. vast in size as it
was. It wras a cold light, a faint but
steady phosphorescence like no other
light I had ever seen, a feeble white
glow which stretched from horizon to
horizon of the mighty world beneath.
Dumfoundedly we stared down to-
ward it, and then, at a signal to the
pilot, our ship began to drop
Smoothly downward, trailed by our
forty-odd followers behind. Down,
down, we sped, slower and slower,
until we suddenly started as there
came from outside the ship a high-
pitched hissing shriek.

  “Air!” I cried. “This dark star
has an atmosphere! And that light
upon it—see! ’ ’ And I flung a point-
ing hand toward the surface of the
giant world below. For as we dropped
swiftly down toward that world wc
saw at last that the faint light which
illuminated it was not artificial light,
or reflected light, but light inherent
in itself, since all the surface of the
mighty sphere glowed with the same
phosphorescent light, its plains and
hills and valleys alike feebly
luminous, with the soft, dim lu-
minosity of radio-active minerals. A
shining world, a world glowing
eternally with cold white light, a lu-
minous, titanic sphere that rushed
through the darkness of infinite space
like some pale, gigantic moon. And
upon the surface of the glowing
plains beneath us rose dense and
twisted masses of dark, leafless
vegetation, distorted tree-growths and
tangles of low shrubs that were all of
deepest black in color, springing out
of that glowing soil and twisting
blackly and grotesquely above its

feeble light, stretching away over
plain and hill and valley like the
monstrous landscape of some un-
dreamed-of hell!

  And now, as our ship slanted down
across the surface of the glowing
sphere, there gleamed ahead a deep-
ening of that glow, a concentration of
that feeble light which grew stronger
as we raced on toward it. And it was
a city! A city whose mighty build-
ings were each a truncated pyramid
in shape, towering into the air for
thousands' upon thousands of feet, a
city whose every building and street
and square glowed with the same
faint white ligfit as the ground upon
which they stood, a metropolis out of
nightmare, the darkness of which was
dispelled only by the light of its own
great glowing structures and streets.
Far away stretched the mass of those
structures, a luminous mass which
covercd square mile upon square mile
of the surface of this glowing world,
and far beyond them thero lifted into
the dusky air the shining towers and
pyramids of still other cities.

  We straightened, trembling, turn-
ing toward each other with white
faces. And then, before any could
speak, Dal Nava had whirled to the
window and uttered a hoarse shout.
“Look!” she cried, and pointed down
and outward toward the titanic,
glowing buildings of the city ahead;
for from their truncated summits
were rising suddenly a swarm of long
black shapes, a horde of long black
cones w'hich were racing straight up
toward us.

  I shouted an order to the pilot, and
instantly our ship was turning and
slanting sharply upward, while
around us our cruisers sped up with
us. Then, from beneath, there sped up
toward us a shining little cylinder oi'
metal which struck a cruiser racing
beside our own. It exploded instantly
into a great flare of blinding, light,
enveloping the cruiser it had struck,
and then the light had vanished,
while Avith it had vanished the ship it
158

WETRI) TALES

had enveloped. And from the cones
beneath and beyond there leapt to-
ward us other of the metal cylinders,
striking our ships now by the dozens,
flaring and vanishing with them in
great, silent explosions of light.

  ‘‘Etheric bombs!” I cried. ‘‘And
our ship is the only battle-cruiser—
the rest have no weapons!”

  I turned, cried another order, and
in obedience to it our own cruiser
halted suddenly and then dipped
downward, racing straight into the
ascending swarm of attacking cones.
Down we flashed, down, down, and
toward us sprang a score of the metal
cylinders, grazing along our sides.
And then, from the sides of our own
downward-swooping ship there sprang
out brilliant shafts of green light, the
deadly de-cohesion ray of the ships of
the Federation Fleet. It struck a
score of the cones beneath and they
flamed with green light for an instant
and then flew into pieces, spilling
downward in a great shower of tiny
fragments as the cohesion of their
particles was destroyed by the deadly
ray. And now our cruiser had
crashed down through the swarm of
them and was driving down toward
the luminous plain below, then turn-
ing and racing sharply upward again
while from all the ajr around us the
black cones swarmed to the attack.

  Up, up, we sped, and now I saw
that our blow had been struck in vain,
for the last of our ships above were
vanishing beneath the flares of the
etheric bombs. One only of our
cruisers remained, racing up toward
the zenith in headlong flight with a
score of the great cones in hot
pursuit. A moment only I glimpsed
this, and then we had turned once
more and were again diving down
upon the attacking cones, while all
around us the etheric bombs filled the
air with the silent, exploding flares.
Again as we swooped downward our
green rays cut paths of annihilation
across the swarming cones beneath;
and then I heard u cry from Hurus

llol. whirled to the window and
glimpsed above us a single great
cone that was diving headlong down
toward us in a resistless, ramming
swoop. I shouted to the pilot, sprang
to the controls, but was too late to
ward oft' that deadly blow. There was
a great crash at the rear of our
cruiser; it spun dizzily for a moment
in midair, and then was tumbling
crazily downward like a falling stone
toward the glowing plain a score of
miles below.

1 think now that our cruiser’s mad
downward plunge must have lasted
for-minutes, at least, yet at the time
it seemed over in a single instant. I
have a confused memory of the
bridgeroom spinning about us as we
whirled down, of myself throwing
back the controls with a last, instinc-
tive action, and then there came a
ripping, rending crash, a violent
shock, and I was flung into a corner
of the room with terrific force.

  Dazed by the swift action of the
last few minutes I lay there motion-
less for a space of seconds, then
scrambled to my feet. Hums Hoi
and Dal Nara were staggering up
likewise, the latter hastening at once
down into the cruiser’s hull, but Nal
Jak, the wheelman, lay motionless
against the wall, stunned by the
shock. Our first act was to bring
him back to consciousness by a few
rough first-aid measures, and then we
straightened and gazed about us.

  Apparently our cruiser’s keel was
resting upon the ground, but was
tilted over at a sharp angle, as the
slant of the room’s floor attested.
Through the broad windows we could
see that around our prostrate ship lay
a thick, screening grove of black
trce-growths which we had glimpsed
from above, and into which we had
crashed in our mad plunge down-
ward. As I was later to learn, it was
only the shock-absorbing qualities of
the vegetation into which we had
THE STAR-STEALERS

159

fallen, and my own last-minute rush
to the controls, which had slowed our
fall enough to save us from annihila-
tion.

  There was a buzz of excited voices
from 1he crew in the hull beneath us,
and then I turned at a sudden
exclamation from Hurus Hoi, to find
him pointing up through the observa-
tion windows in the bridgeroom’s
ceiling. I glanced up, then shrank
back. For high above were circling a
score or more of the long black cones
which had attacked us, and which
were apparently surveying the land-
scape for some clue to our fate. 1
gave a sharp catch of indrawn breath
as they dropped lower toward us, and
we crouched with pounding hearts
while they dropped nearer. Then we
uttered simultaneous sighs of relief
as the long shapes above suddenly
drove back up toward the zenith,
apparently certain of our annihila-
tion, massing and wheeling and then
speeding back toward the glowing
city from which they had risen to
attack us.

  We rose to our feet again, and as

we did so the door clicked open to
admit Dal Nara. She was a bruised,,
disheveled figure, like the rest of us,
but there was something like a grin
on her face.

 “That cone that rammed us
shattered two of our rear vibration-
projectors, ” she announced, “but
that was all the damage. And out-

vX\r &

“It was a weird landscape that met their
eyes.”
160

WEIRD TALES

side of one man with a broken
shoulder the crew is all right. ’ ’
“Good!” I exclaimed. “It won't
take long to replace the broken pro-
jectors. ’'

  She nodded. “I ordered them to
put in two of the spares,” she ex-
plained. ‘‘But what then?”

  I considered for a moment. “None
of our other cruisers escaped, did
they?” I asked.

  Dal Nara slowly shook her head.

‘ ‘ I don’t think so, ’ ’ she said. ‘ ‘ Nearly
all of them were destroyed in the first
few minutes. I saw Ship 16 racing
up in an effort to escape, heading
back toward the Galaxy, ljut there
were cones hot after it and it
couldn't have got away.”

  The quiet voice of Hurus Hoi broke
in upon us. *' Then we alone can take
back word to the Federation of what
is happening here,” he said. His eyes
suddenly flamed. “Two things we
know,” he exclaimed. “We know
that, this dark star’s curving path
through space, which will bring it so
fatally near to our own sun in pass-
ing, is a path contrary to all the laws
of astronomical science. And we
know now, too, that upon this dark-
star world, in those glowing cities
yonder, live beings of some sort who
possess, apparently, immense intelli-
gence and power.”

  My eyes met his. “You mean-”

I began, but he interrupted swiftly.

  “I mean that in my belief the
answer to this riddle lies in that
glowing city yonder, and that it is
there we must go to find that
answer. ’ ’

  “But how?” I asked. “If we take
the cruiser near it they’ll sight us
and annihilate us.”

  “There is another way,” said
Hurus Hoi. “We can leave the
cruiser and its crew hidden here, and
approach the city on foot—get as near
to it as possible—learn what we can
about it.”

  I think that we all gasped at that
suggestion, but as I quickly revolved

it in my mind I saw that it was,
in reality, our only chance to secure
any information of value to take back
to the Federation. So we adopted the
idea without further discussion and
swiftly laid our plans for the venture.
At first it was our plan for only us
three to go, but at Dal Nara’s insist-
ence we included the pilot in our
party, the more quickly because I
knew her to be resourceful and
quick-witted.

Two hours we spent in sleep, at the
suggestion of Hurus Hoi, then ate
a hasty meal and looked to our
weapons, small projectors of the de-
cohesion ray similar to the great ray-
tubes of the cruiser. Already the
ship’s two shattered vibration-projee-
tors had been replaced by spares, and
our last order was for the crew and
under-officers to await our return
without moving beyond the ship in
any event. Then the cruiser's hull-
door snapped open and we four
stepped outside, ready for our
venture.

  The sandy ground upon which we
stood glowed with the feeble white
light which seemed to emanate from
all rock and soil on this strange world,
a weird light which beat upward,
upon us instead of down. And in this
light the twisted, alien forms of the
leafless trees around us writhed up-
ward into the dusky air, their smooth
black branches tangling and inter-
twining far above our heads. As we
paused there Hurus IIol reached
down for a glowing pebble, which he
examined intently for a moment.

  “Radio-active,” he commented.
“All this glowing rock and soil.”
Then he straightened, glanced around,
and led the way unhesitatingly
through the thicket of black forest
into which our ship had fallen.

  Silently we followed him, in single
file, across the shining soil and
beneath the distorted arches of the
twisted trees, until at last wre emerged
from the thicket and found ourselves
THE STAR-STEALERS

161

upon tlie open expanse of the glowing
plain. It was a weird landscape
which met our eyes, a landscape of
glowing plains and shallow valleys
patched here and there with the
sprawling thickets of black forest, a
pale, luminous world whose faint
light beat feebly upward into the
dusky, twilight skies above. In the
distance, perhaps two miles ahead, a
glow of deeper light flung up against
the hovering dusk from the massed
buildings of the luminous city, and
toward this we tramped steadily on-
ward, over the shining plains and
gullies and once over a swift little
brook whose waters glowed as they
raced like torrents of rushing light.
Within an hour we had drawn to
within a distance of five hundred feet,
from the outermost of the city’s
pyramidal buildings, and crouchcd in
a little clump of dark tree-growths,
gazing fascinatedly toward it.

  The scene before us was one of un-
equaled interest and activity. Over
the masses of huge, shining buildings
were flitting great swarms of the
long black cones, moving from roof to
roof, while in the shining streets
below them moved other hordes of
active figures, the people of the city.
And as our eyes took in these latter I
think that we all felt something of
horror, in spite of all the alien forms
which we were familiar with in the
thronging worlds of the Galaxy.

  For in these creatures was no single
point of resemblance to anything
human, nothing which the appalled
intelligence could seize upon as
familiar. Imagine an upright cone
of black flesh, several feet in diameter
and three or more in height,
supported by a dozen or more smooth
long tentacles which branched from
its lower end — supple, boneless
octopus-arms which held the cone-
body upright and which served both
as arms and legs. And near the top
of that cone trunk were the only
features, the twin tiny orifices which

were the ears and a single round and
red-rimmed white eye, set between
them. Thus were these beings in
appearance, black tentacle-creatures,
moving in unending swirling throngs
through streets and squares and
buildings of their glowing city.

  Helplessly we stared upon them,
from our place of concealment. To
venture into sight, 1 knew, would be
to court swift death, i turned to
flurus Hoi, then started as there came
from the city ahead a low, waxing
sound-note, a deep, powerful tone of
immense volume which sounded out
over the city like the blast of a deep-
pitched horn. Another note joined it,
and another, until it seemed that a
score of mighty horns were calling
across the city, and then they died
away. But as we looked now we saw
that the shining streets were empty-
ing, suddenly, that the moving
swarms of black tentacle-creatures
were passing into the pyramidal
buildings, that the cones above
were slanting down toward the roofs
and coming to rest. Within a space
of minutes the streets seemed entirely
empty and deserted, and the only
sign of activity over all the city was
ihe hovering of a few cones that still
moved restlessly above it. Astounded,
we watched, and then the explanation
came suddenly to me.

  “‘It’s their sleep-period!” I cried.
“‘Their night! These things must
rest, must sleep, like any living thing,
and as there’s no night, on this glow-
ing world those horn-notes must
signal the beginning of their sleep-
period.”

  Hums Hoi was on his feet, his eyes
suddenly kindling. “It's a chance in
a thousand to get inside the city!” he
exclaimed.

  The next moment we were out of
Ihe shelter of our concealing trees
and were racing across ihe stretch of
ground which separated us from the
city. And five minutes later we were
standing in the empty, glowing
162

WEIRD TALES

streets, hugging closely the mighty
sloping walls of the huge buildings
along it.

  At once Hurus IIol led the way
directly down the street toward the
heart of the city, and as we hastened
on beside him he answered to my
question, “We must get to the city’s
center. There’s something there
which I glimpsed from our ship, and
if it’s what I think-”

  He had broken into a inn, now,
and as we raced together down the
bare length of the great, shining
avenue, I, for one, had an unreassur-
ing presentiment of what would
happen, should the huge buildings
around us disgorge their occupants
before we could get out of the city.
Then Hurus Hoi had suddenly
stopped short, and at a motion from
him we shrank swiftly behind the
comer of a pyramid’s slanting walls.
Across the street ahead of us were
passing a half-dozen of the tentacle-
creatures, gliding smoothly toward
the open door of one of the great
pyramids. A moment we crouched,
holding our breath, and then the
things had passed inside the building
and the door had slid shut behind
them. At once we leapt out and
hastened on.

  We were approaching the heart of
the city, I judged, and ahead the
broad, shining street we followed
seemed to end in a great open space
of some sort. As we sped toward it,
between the towering luminous lines
of buildings, a faint droning sound
came to our ears from ahead, waxing
louder as we hastened on. The clear
space ahead was looming larger,
nearer, now, and then as we raced
past the last great building 011 the
street’s length we burst suddenly into
view of the opening ahead and
stopped, staring dumfoundedly to-
ward it.

  It was no open plaza or square,
but a pit — a shallow, circular pit
not more than a hundred feet in

depth but all of a mile in diameter,
and we stood at the rim or edge of it.
The floor was smooth and flat, and
upon that floor there lay a grouped
mass of hundreds of half-globes or
hemispheres, each fifty feet in diame-
ter, which were resting upon their flat
bases with their curving sides upper-
most. Each of these hemispheres was
shining with light, but it was very
different light from the feeble glow
of the buildings and streets around
us, an intensely brilliant blue radi-
ance which was all but blinding to our
eyes. Prom these massed, radiant
hemispheres came the loud droning
we had heard, and now we saw, at the
pit’s farther edge, a cylindrical little
room or structure of metal which was
supported several hundred feet above
the pit’s floor by a single slender
shaft of smooth round metal, like a
great bird-cage. And toward this
cage-structure Hurus Hoi was point-
ing now, his eyes flashing.

  “It’s the switch-board of the
thing!” he cried. “And these
brilliant hemispheres—the unheard-
of space-path of this dark star—it’s
all clear now! All-”

  He broke off, suddenly, as Nal Jak
sprang back, uttering a cry and
pointing upward. For the moment
we had forgotten the hovering cones
above the city, and now one of them
was slanting swiftly downward,
straight toward us.

  We turned, ran back, and the next
moment an etlieric bomb crashed
down upon the spot where we had
stood, exploding silently in a great
flare of light. Another bomb fell and
flared, nearer, and then I. turned with
sudden fierce anger and aimed the
little ray-projector in my hand at the
hovering cone above. The brilliant
little beam cut across the dark shape;
the black cone hovered still for a
moment, then crashed down into the
street to destruction. But now, from
above and beyond, other cones were
slanting swiftly down toward us,
THE STAR-STEALERS

163

while from the pj’ramidal buildings
beside us hordes of the black tentaele-
creatures were pouring out in answer
to the alarm.

  In a solid, resistless swarm they
rushed upon us. I heard a yell of
defiance from Dal Nara, beside me,
the hiss of our rays as they clove
through the black masses in terrible
destruction, and then they were upon
us. A single moment we whirled
about in a wild melee of men and
cone-creatures, of striking human
arms and coiling tentacles; then there
was a shout of warning from one of
my friends, something hard descended
upon my head with crushing force,
and all went black before me.

4

T^aint light was filtering through
my eyelids when I came back to
consciousness. As I opened them I
sat weakly up, then fell back.
Dazedly I gazed about me. I was
lying hi a small, square room lit only
by its own glowing walls and floor
and ceiling, a room whose one side
slanted steeply upward and inward,
pierced by a small barred window
that was the only opening: Opposite
me I discerned a low door of metal
bars, or grating, beyond which lay a
long, glowing-walled corridor. Then
all these things were suddenly blotted
out by the anxious face of Hurus Hoi,
bending down toward me.

  “You’re awake!” he exclaimed, his
face alight. “You know me, Ran
Rarak? ’ ’

  For answer I struggled again to a
sitting position, aided by the arm of
Dal Nara, who had appeared beside
me. I felt strangely .weak, exhausted,
my head throbbing with racing fires.

  “Where are we?” I asked, at last.
“The fight in the city—I remember
that—but where are we now ? And
where’s Nal Jak?”

  The eyes of my two friends met
and glanced away, while I looked

anxiously toward them. Then Hurus
Hoi spoke slowly.

  “We are imprisoned in this little
room in one of the great pyramids of
the glowing city,” he said. “And in
this room you have lain for weeks,
Ran Rarak.”

 “Weeks?” I gasped, and he
nodded. “It’s been almost ten weeks
since we were captured there in the
city outside,” he said, “and for all
that time you’ve lain here out of your
head from that blow you received,
sometimes delirious and raving, some-
times completely tuiconscious. And
in all that timo this dark star, this
world, has been plunging on through
space toward our Galaxy, and our
sun, and the theft and doom of that
sun. Ten more days and it passes
our sun, stealing it from the Galaxy.
And I, who have learned at last what
forces are behind it all, lie prisoned
here.

  *	‘ It was after we four were brought
to this cell, after our capture, that I
was summoned before our captors,
before a council of those strange
tentacle-creatures which was made
up, I think, of their own scientists.
They examined me. my clothing, all
about me, then sought to communicate
with me. They do not speak—
communicating with each other by
telepathy—but. they strove to enter
into communication with me by a pro-
jection of pictures on a smooth wall,
pictures of their dark star world, pic-
tures of our own Galaxy, our own
sun—picture after picture, until at
last I began to understand the drift
of them, the history and the purpose
of these strange beings and their
stranger world.

  “For ages, I learned, for countless
eons, their mighty sun had flashed
through the infinities of space, alone
except, for its numerous planets upon
which had risen these races of ten-
tacle-creatures. Their sun was flam-
ing with life, then, and on their
circling planets they had attained to
164

W10IUD TALES

immense science, immense power, as
their system rolled on, a single
wandering star, through the depths
of uncharted space. But as the
slow eons passed, the mighty sun
began to cool, and their planets to
grow colder and colder. At last it
had cooled so far that to revive its
dying fires they dislodged one of their
own planets from its orbit and sent
it crashing into their sun, feeding its
waning flames. And when more
centuries had passed and it was again
cooling they followed the same course,
sending another planet into it, and so
on through the ages, staving off the
death of their sun by sacrificing their
worlds, until at last but one planet
was left to them. And still their
sun was cooling, darkening, dying.

  “For further ages, though, they
managed to preserve a precarious
existence on their single planet by
means of artificial heat-production.
until at last their great sun had
cooled and solidified to such a point
lhat life was possible upon its dark,
dead surface. That surface, because
of the solidified radio-active elements
in it. shone always with pale light,
and to it the races of the tentacle-
creatures now moved. By means of
great air-current projectors they
transferred the atnjosphcre of their
planet to the dark star itself and then
cast loose their planet to wander off
into space by itself, for its orbit had
become erratic and they feared that
it would crash into their own great
dark star world, about which it had
revolved. But on the warm, shinhur
surface of the great dark star they
now spread out and multiplied,
raising their cities from its glowing
rock and clinging to its surface as it
hurtled on and on and on through
the dark infinities of trackless space.

  “But at last, after further ages of
such existence, the tentacle-raccs saw
that again they were menaced with
extinction, since in obedience to the
inexorable laws of nature their dark

star was cooling still further, the
molten fires at its center which
warmed its surface gradually dying
down, while that surface became
colder and colder. In a little while,
they knew, the fires at its center
would be completely dead, and then-
great. world would be a bitter, frozen
waste, unless they devised some plan
by which to keep warm its surface.

  “At this moment their astronomers
came forward with the announcement
that their dark-star world, plunging
on through empty space, would soon
pass a great star-cluster or Galaxy of
suns at a distance of some fifteen
billion miles. They could not invade
the worlds of this Galaxy, they knew,
for they had discovered that upon
those worlds lived countless trillions
of intelligent inhabitants who would
be able to repel their own invasion, if
they attempted it. There was but. one
expedient left, therefore, and that,
was to attempt to jerk a sun out of
this Galaxy as they passed by it. to
steal a star from it to take out with
them into space, which would revolve
around their own mighty dark world
and supply it with the heat they
needed.

  “The sun which they fixed on to
steal was one at the Galaxy’s very
edge, our own sun. If they passed
this at fifteen billion miles, as their
course then would cause them to do,
they could do nothing. But if they
could change their dark star’s course,
could curve inward to pass this sun
at some three billion miles instead of
fifteen, then the powerful gravita-
tional grip of their own gigantic,
world would grasp this sun and carry
it out with it into space. The sun’s
planets, too, would be carried out, but
these they planned to crash into the
fires of the sun itself, to increase its
size and splendor. All that, was
needed, therefore, was some method of
curving their world’s course inward,
and for this they had recourse to the
great gravitv-eondensers which they
THE STAR-STEALERS

165

had already used to si lift their own
planets.

  “You know that it is gravitational
force alone which keeps the suns and
planets to their courses, and you
know that the gravitational force of
any body, sun or planet, is radiated
out from it in all directions, tending
to pull all things toward that body.
In the same way there is radiated
outward perpetually from the Galaxy
the combined attractive gravitational
force of all its swarming suns, and a
tiny fraction of this outward-radiat-
ing force, of course, struck the dark
star, pulling it weakly toward the
Galaxy. If more of that outward-
radiating force could strike the dark
star, it would be pulled toward the
Galaxy with more power, would be
pulled nearer toward the Galaxy’s
edge, as it passed.

 “11 was just that which their
gravity-con denser accomplished. In
a low pit at the heart of one of their
cities—this city, in fact—they placed
the condenser, a mass of brilliant
hemispherical ray-attracters which
caused more of the Galaxy’s outward-
shooting attractive force to fall upon
the dark star, which condensed and
concentrated that radiating force
upon the dark star, thereby pulling
the dark star inward toward the
Galaxy's edge in a great curve.
When they reached a distance of
three billion miles from the Galaxy’s
edge they planned to turn off the
great condenser, and their dark star
would then shoot past the Galaxy’s
edge, jerking out our sun with it,
from that edge, by its own terrific
gravitational grip. If the condenser
were turned off before they came that
close, however, they would pass the
sun at a distance too far to pull it out
with them, and would then speed on
out into space alone, toward the
freezing of their world and their own
extinction. For that reason the con-
denser, and the great cage-switch of
the condenser, were guarded always

by hovering cones, to prevent its
being turned off before the right
moment.

 “Since then they have kept the
great gravity-condenser in unceasing
operation, and their dark star has
swept in toward the Galaxy’s edge in
a great curve. Back in our own solar
system I saw and understood what
would be the result of that inward
curve, and so we came here—and
were captured. And in those weeks
since we were captured, while you
have lain here unconscious and
raving, this dark star has been plung-
ing nearer and nearer toward our
Galaxy and toward our sun. Ten
more days and it passes that sun,
carrying it out with it into the dark-
ness of boundless space, unless the
great condenser is turned off before
then. Ten more days, and we lie
here, powerless to warn any of what
forces work toward the doom of our
sun! ’ ’

' I "'here was a long silence when
-■• Hurus Hoi’s voice had ceased—
a whispering, brain-crushing silence
which I broke at last with a single
question.

 “But Nal Jak--?” 1 asked, and

the faces of my two companions be-
came suddenly strange, while Dal
Nara turned away. At last Hurus
Hoi spoke. •

  “It was after the tentade-seientists
had examined mo." he said gently,
“that they brought Nal .Tak down to
examine. T think that they spared
me for the time being because of my
apparently greater knowledge, but
Nal Jak they—vivisected.-’

  There was a longer hush than be-
fore, one in which the brave, quiet
figure of the wheelman, a companion
in all my service with the fleet,
seemed to rise before my suddenly
blurring eyes. Then abruptly T
swung down from the narrow bunk on
which I lay, clutched dizzily at my
companions for support, and walked
166

WEIRD TALES

unsteadily to the square, barred little
window. Outside and beneath me lay
the city of the dark-star people, a
mighty mass 01 pyramidal, glowing
buildings, streets thronged with their
dark, gliding figures, above them the
swarms of the racing cones. From
our little window the glowing wall of
the great pyramid which held us
slanted steeply down for fully five
hundred feet, and upward above us
for twice that distance. And as I
raised my eyes upward I saw, clear
and bright above, a great, far-flung
field of stars—the stars of our own
Galaxy toward which this world was
plunging. And burning out clearest
among these the star that was nearest
of all, the shining yellow star that
was our own sun.

  I	think now that it was the sight of
that yellow star, largening steadily
as our dark star swept on toward it,
which filled us with such utter
despair in the hours, the days, that
followed. Out beyond the city our
cruiser lay hidden hi the black forest,
we knew, and could we escape we
might yet carry word back to the
Federation of what was at hand, but
escape was impossible. And so,
through the long days, days measur-
able only by our own time-dials, we
waxed deeper intQ an apathy of dull
despair.

  Rapidly my strength came back to
me, though the strange food supplied
us once a day by our captors was
almost uneatable. But as the days
fled by, my spirits sank lower and
lower, and less and less we spoke to
each other as the doom of our sun
approached, the only change in any
thing around us being the moment
each twenty-four hours when the
signal-horns called across the city,
summoning the hordes in its streets to
their four-hour sleep-period. At last,
though, we woke suddenly to realiza-
tion of the fact that nine days had
pased since my awakening, and that
upon the next day the dark star

would be plunging past the burning
yellow star above us and jerking it
into its grip. Then, at last, all our
apathy dropped from us, and we
raged against the walls of our cells
with insensate fury. And then, with
startling abruptness, came the means
of our deliverance.

T^or hours there had been a busy
clanging of tools and machines
somewhere in the great building above
us, and numbers of the tentacle-crea-
tures had been passing our barred
door carrying tools and instruments
toward some work being carried out
overhead. We had come to pay but
little attention to them, in time, but
as one passed there came a sudden
rattle and clang from outside, and
turning to the door we saw that one
of the passing creatures had dropped
a thick coil of slender metal chain
upon the floor and had passed on
without noticing his loss.

  In an instant we were at the door
and reaching through its bars toward
the coil, but though we each strained
our arms in turn toward it the thing
lay a few tantalizing inches beyond
our grasp. A moment we surveyed
it, baffled, fearing the return at any
moment of the creature who had
dropped it, and then Dal Nara, with
a sudden inspiration, lay flat upon
the floor, thrusting her leg out
through the grating. In a moment
she had caught the coil with her foot,
and in another moment we had it in-
side, examining it,

  We found that though it was as
slender as my smallest finger the chain
was of incredible strength, and when
we roughly estimated the extent of
its thick-coiled length we discovered
that it would be more than long
enough to reach from our window to
the street below. At once, therefore,
we secreted the thing in a corner of
the room and impatiently awaited the
sleep-period, Avhen we could work
without fear of interruption.
THE STAR-STEALERS

167

  At last, after what seemed measure-
less hours of waiting, the great horns
blared forth across the city outside,
and swiftly its streets emptied, the
sounds in our building quieting until
all was silence, except for the
humming of a few watchful cones
above the great condenser, and the
deep droning of the condenser itself
in the distance. At once we set to
work at the bars of our window.

  Frantically we chipped at the rock
at the base of one of the metal bars,
using the few odd bits of metal at our
command, but at the end of two hours
had done no more than scratch away
a bare inch of the glowing stone. An-
other hour and we had laid bare from
the rock the lower end of the bar, but
now we knew that within minutes the
sleep-period of the city outside would
be ending, and into its streets would
be swarming its gliding throngs,
making impossible all attempts at
escape. Furiously we worked, drip-
ping now with sweat, until at last
when our thne-dials showed that less
than half an hour remained to its I
gave over the chipping at the rock and
wrapped our chain firmly around the
lower end of the bar we had loosened.
Then stepping back into the cell and
bracing ourselves against the wall
below the window, we pulled back-
ward with all our strength.

  A tense moment we strained thus,
the thick bar holding fast, and then
abruptly it gave and fell from its
socket in the wall to the floor, with a
loud, ringing clang. We lay in a
heap on tlie floor, panting and listen-
ing for any sound of alarm, then rose
and swiftly fastened the chain’s end
to one of the remaining bars. The
chain itself we dropped out of the
window, watching it uncoil its length
down the mighty building’s glowing
side until its end trailed on the empty
glowing street far below. At once I
motioned Hurus IIol to the window,
and in a moment he had squeezed
through its bars and was sliding

slowly down the chain, hand under
hand. Before he was ton ieet down
Dal Nara was out and creeping down-
ward likewise, and then I too
squeezed through the window and
followed them, downward, the three
of us crawling down the chain along
the huge building’s steeply sloping
side like three flies.

  I was ten feet down from the
window, now, twenty feet, and
glanced down toward the glowing,
empty street, five hundred feet below,
and seeming five thousand. Then, at
a sudden sound from above me, I
looked sharply up,, and as I did so
the most sickening sensation of fear
I had ever experienced swept over
me. For at the window we had .iust
left, twenty feet above me. one of the
tentacle-creatures was leaning out,
brought to our cell, I doubted not, by
the metal bar’s ringing fall, his white,
red-rimmed eye turned full upon me.

  I heard sighs of horror from my
two companions beneath me, and for
a single moment we hung motionless
along the chain’s length, swinging
along the huge pyramid's glowing
side at a height of hundreds of feet
above the shining streets below. Then
the creature raised one of its ten-
tacles, a metal tool in its grasp, which
he brought down in a sharp blow on
the chain at the window’s edge.
Again he repeated the blow, and
again.

   IIv was cutting 11><' chain!

5

For a space of seconds T hung
motionless there, and then as the
tool in the grasp of the creature,
above came down 011 the chain in an-
other sharp blow the sound gal-
vanized me into sudden action.

  “Slide 011 down!” I cried. They
didn’t, however, but followed me up
the chain, though Dal Nara and I
alone came to grips with the horrible
dead-star creature. I gripped the
168

WEIRD TALES

links with frantic hands, pulling my-
self upward toward the window and
the creature at the window, twenty
feet above me.

  Three times the tool in his hand
came down upon the chain while I
struggled up toward him, and each
time I expected the strand to sever
and send us down to death, hut the
hard metal withstood the blows for
the moment, and before he could strike
at it again I was up to the level of
the window and reaching up toward
him.

  As I did so, swift black tentacles
thrust out and gripped Dal Nara and
me, while another of the snaky arms
swept up with the tool in its grasp for
a blow on my head. Before it could
fall, though, I had reached out with
my right hand, holding to the chain
with my left, and had grasped the
body of the thing inside the window,
pulling him outside before he had
time to resist. As I did so my own
hold slipped a little, so that, we hung
a few feet below the window, both
clinging to the slender chain and both
striking futilely at each other, he with
the metal tool and I with my clenched
fist.

  A moment we hung there, swaying
hundreds of feet above the luminous
stone street, and then the creature’s
tentacles coiled swiftly around my
neck, tightening, choking me. Hang-
ing precariously to our slender strand
with one hand I struck out blindly
with the other, but felt consciousness
leaving me as that remorseless grip
tightened. Then with a last effoi’t I
gripped the chain firmly with both
hands, doubled my feet under me, and
kicked out with all my strength. The
Idck caught the cone-body of my op-
ponent squarely, tearing him loose
from his own hold on the chain, and
then there was a sudden wrench at my
neck and I was free of him, while be-
neath Dal Nara and I glimpsed his
dark body whirling down toward the
street below, twisting and turning in

its fall along the building's slanting
side and then crashing finally down
upon the smooth, shining street below,
Avhere it lay a black little huddled
mass.

  Hanging there I looked down, pant-
ing, and saw that Hurus Hoi had
reached the chain’s bottom and was
standing in the empty street, await-
ing us. Glancing up I saw that the
blows of the creature I had fought
had half severed one of the links
above me, but there was no time to
readjust it; so with a prayer that it
might hold a few moments longer
Dal Nara and I began our slipping,
sliding progress downward.

  The sharp links tore our hands
cruelly as we slid downward, and
once it seemed to me that the chain
gave a little beneath our weight. Ap-
prehensively I looked upward, then
down to where Hurus Hoi was
waving encouragement. Down, down
we slid, not daring to look beneath
again, not knowing how near we
might be to the bottom. Then there
was another slight give in the chain,
a sudden grating catch, and abruptly
the weakened link above snapped and
we dropped headlong downward—
ten feet into the arms of Hurus IIol.

  A moment we sprawled in a little
heap there on the glowing street and
then staggered to our feet. “Out of
the city!” cried Hurus Hoi. “We
could never get to the condenser-
switch on foot—but in the cruiser
there’s a chance. And we have but a
few minutes now before the sleep-
period ends!”

  Down the broad street we ran, iioav,
through squares and avenues of glow-
ing, mighty pyramids, crouching
down once as the ever-hovering cones
swept by above, and then racing on.
At any moment, I knew, the great
horns might blare across the city,
bringing its swarming thousands into
its streets, and our only chance was
to win free of it before that happened,
(Continued on page 279)
ABLEAK northeast wind, sweep-
ing down from the coast of
l. New England and freighted
with mingled rain and sleet, howled
riotously through the streets as we
emerged from Symphony Hall.

  “Cordieu, Friend Trowbridge,” de
Grandin exclaimed between chatter-
ing teeth as he turned the fur collar
of his greatcoat up about his ears and
sunk his head between his shoulders,
“Monsieur Washington was un-
doubtlessly a most admirable gentle-
man in every respect, but of a
certainty he chose a most damnable,
cxecrable day on which to be born!
Name of a green duck, I am already
famished with the cold; come, let us
seek shelter, and that with quickness,
or I shall expire completely and leave

you nothing but the dead corpse of
Jules de Grandin for company!”

  Grinning at his vehemence, I bent
my head to the blast as we buffeted
our way against the howling gale,
fighting a path over the sleet-swept
sidewalks to the glass-and-iron porte-
cochere of La Pantoufle Doree.

  As wc swept through the revolving
plate-glass doors a sleek-looking
gigolo with greased hair and beady
eyes set too close together snatched at
our hats and wraps with an avidity
which betrayed his Levantine an-
cestry, and we marched down a
narrow, mirror-lined hall lighted with
red-shaded electric bulbs. From the
dining-room beyond came the low,
dolorous moaning of saxophones
blended with the blurred monody of

                                    169
170

WEIRD TALES

indiscriminate conversation and the
shrill, piping overtones of women’s
laughter. On the cleared daneing-
floor in the center of the room a file
of shapely young women in costumes
consisting principally of beads and
glittering rhinestones danced hec-
tically, their bare, powdered arms,
legs and torsos gleaming in the glare
of the spotlight. The close, super-
heated air reeked with the odor of
broken food and the effluvia from
women's perfumed gowns and bodies,
while the savage, heathen snarl of the
jazz band’s jungle music throbbed
and palpitated like a fever patient’s
pulses. Soft fronds of particolored
silk, sweeping gracefully down from
the center of the ceiling, formed a
tentlike roof which billowed grace-
fully with each draft from the doors,
and the varicolored lights of the great
crystal chandelier gleamed dully
through the drifting fog-whorls of
tobacco smoke.

  “U’m?” de 0! ran din surveyed the
scene from the threshold. “These chil-
dren of present-day America enjoy
more luxury than did their country’s
father on his birthday at Valley
Forge a hundred and fifty-two years
ago tonight, Friend Trowbridge,” he
commented dryly.

  “How many in tly> party, please?”
demanded the head waiter. “Only
two?” Disdain and hauteur seemed
fighting for possession of his hard-
shaven face as he eyed us frigidly.

  “Two, most certainly,” de Grandin
replied, then tapped the satin lapel of
the functionary’s dress coat with an
impressive forefinger, “but two with
the appetites—and thirsts—of four,
mon gargon.”

  Something like a smile flickered
across the cruel, arrogant lips of the
servitor as he beckoned to a Avail er-
captain, avIio led us to a table near
the Avail.

  “Voleum—robbers, bandits!” the
little Frenchman exclaimed as he sur-
veyed the price list of the menu.

*	* However, it is necessaire that one

eats,” he added philosophically as he
made his choice knoAvn to the hover-
ing Avaiter.

  A matronly-looking, buxom woman
of uncertain age in a modestly cut
evening goAvn circulated among the
guests. Seemingly acquainted with
everyone present, she stopped here
and there, slapping a masculine back
in frank friendship and camaraderie
every once in a while, exchanging a
quip or word of greeting with the
Avomen patrons.

  ‘‘Hullo, boys,” she greeted cor-
dially as she reached our table,

‘‘having a good time? Need any-
thing more to brighten the corner
where you are?”

  ‘‘Madame,” de Grandin bent for-
ward from the hips in a formal
Continental boAV, “if you possess the
influence in this establishment, you
can confer the priceless favor on us
by procuring a soupgon of eau-de-vie.
Consider: avc are but just in from the
outdoor cold and are frozen to the
bone on all sides. If-”

  “French!” From the delighted
expression 011 the lady’s face it was
apparent that the discovery of de
Grandin’s nationality Avas the one
thing needed to make her happiness
complete. “I lmeAv it the moment I
laid eyes 011 you,” she assured him.
“You boys from across the pond
simply must have your little nip,
mustn’t you? Fix it? I'll tell the
Avorld I can. Leave it to Mamma;
she’ll see you get a shot that’ll start
your blood circulatin’. Back in a
minute, Frencliy, and, by the way ’ ’—
she paused, a genial smile on her
broad, rather homely face—“how
about a little playmate to liven things
up? Someone to share the loneliness
of a stranger in a strange land? I
got just the little lady to do the trick.
She’s from over the Avater, too.”

  “Mordieu, my friend, it seems I
have put my foot in it up to the
elboAV,” de Grandin deplored Avith a
grimace of comic tragedy. “My
request for a drink brings us not only
THE DEYIL-PEOPLE

171

the liquor, but a partner to help
consume it, it would seem. Two
hundred francs at the least, this will
cost us, I fear.”

  I was about to voice a protest, for
supping at a night club was one
thing, while consorting with the paid
entertainers was something very
different, but my remonstrances died
half uttered, for the hostess bore
down upon us, her face wreathed in
smiles, a waiter with a long-necked
bottle preceding her and a young
woman—dark, pretty and with an air
of shy timidity—following docilely in
her wake. The girl—she was little
more—wore a rich, black fur coat
over a black evening gown and swung
a small black grosgrain slipper bag
from her left wrist.

 “Shake hands with Ma’mselle
Mutina, Frenchy,” the hostess bade.
“She’s just as lonesome and thirsty
as you are. You’ll get along like
mocha and java, you two.”

  “Enchante, Mademoiselle,” de
Grandin assured her as lie raised her
slender white fingers to his lips and
withdrew a chair for her. “You will
have a bit of food, some champagne,

perhaps, some--” he rattled on

with a string of gallantries worthy of
a professional boulevardier while 1
watched him in mingled fascination
and disapproval. This was a facet of
the many-sided little Frenchman I
had never seen before, and I was not
especially pleased with it.

  Our table-mate seated herself,
letting her opulent coat fall back over
her chair and revealing a pair of
white, rounded shoulders and arms of
singular loveliness. Her eyes rested
on the table in timid confusion. As
de Grandin monopolized the conver-
sation, I studied her attentively.
There was no doubting her charm.
Slim, youthful, vibrant, she was, yet
restrained with a sort of patrician,
calm. Her skin was not the dead
Avhite of the powder-filmed per-
formers of the cabaret, nor yet the
pink of the athletic woman’s; rather

it seemed to glow with a delicate
undertone of tan, like the old ivory
of ancient Chinese carvings or the
richest of cream. Her face was heart-
shaped rather than oval, with almost
straight eyebrows of jetty blackness,
a small, straight nose and a low,
broad forehead, blue-black hair that
lapped smoothly over her tiny ears
like folded raven’s wings, and
delicate, sensitive lips which, I knew
instinctively, would have been lus-
ciously red even without the aid of
the rouge with which they were
tinted. When she raised timid,
troubled eyes to de Grandin’s face I
saw the irises inside the silken frames
of curling black lashes were purple as
pansy petals. “Humph,” I com-
mented mentally, “she’s beautiful—
entirely too good-looking to be
respectable! ’ ’

  The waiter brought a chicken sand-
wich and—to my unbounded astonish-
ment—a bottle of ginger ale for her,
and as she was about to lift a morsel
of food to her lips I saw her purple
eyes suddenly widen with dread and
her cheeks go ash-pale with fright.

  “ M’sieu’,” she whispered, leaning
impulsively across the table, “do not
look at once, I implore you, but in a
moment glance casually at the table
at the far corner of the room and tell
me if you see anyone thei*e!”

  Restraining an impulse to wheel in
my chair, I held myself steady a
moment, then with elaborate uncon-
cern surveyed the room slowly. At
the table indicated by the girl sat
four men in dinner clothes. Leanness
—the cadaverous emaciation of dis-
secting-room material—was their out-
standing characteristic. Their cheeks
were gaunt and hollow, their lips so
thin that, the outline of the teeth
could be marked through them, and
every articulation of their skulls
could be traced through the tightly
stretched, saddle-brown skin of their
faces. But a second’s study of their
death’s-head countenances revealed a
more sinister feature. Their eyes
172

WEIRD TALES

were obliquely set, like eats’, yellow-
green and cruel, with long slits for
pupils. Changeless in expression they
were; set, fixed, inscrutable, pitiless
as any panther’s—waiting, watching,
seeing all, revealing nothing. I
shuddered in spite of myself us I
forced my gaze to travel casually over
the remainder of the room.

  De Grandin was speaking in a low,
suppressed whisper, and in his little
round blue eyes there snapped and
sparkled the icy flashes which
betrayed excitement. ‘4 Mademoiselle,”
he said, “I see four monkey-faced
heathen seated at that table. Hindoos
they are by their features, perhaps
Berbers from Africa, but devil’s off-
spring by their eves, which are like
razors. Do they annoy you? I will
order them away, I will pull their
crooked noses—pardieu, I shall twist
their flap-ears before I boot them
from the place if you do but say the
word! ’ ’

  “Oh, no, no!” the girl breathed
with a frightened shudder, and I
could see it was as if a current of
cold horror, something nameless and
terrible, flowed from ihe strange men
to her. “Do not appear to notice
them, sir, but—Aristide!” she beck-
oned to a waiter hurrying past with
a tray of "lasses.

  '‘Yes, Ma/mseltc?” the man
answered, pausing with a smile beside
her chair.

  “Those gentlemen in the corner by
the orchestra”—she nodded ever so
slightly toward the macabre group—
“have you ever seen them here be-
fore ? ’ ’

  “Gentlemen, Ma’mselle?” the
waiter replied with a puzzled frown
as he surveyed the table intently.
“Surely, you make the joke with
Aristide. That table, she are vacant
—the only vacant one in the place. It
are specially reserved and paid for,
but-’ ’

  “Never mind,” the girl interrupted
with a smile, and the man hurried off
on his errand.

  “You see?” she asked simply. ’• '

  “Bavbe d’une poulc bleu, but I do
not!” de Grandin asserted. “But—”

  “Hush!” she interrupted. “Oh,
do not let them think we notice them;
it would make them frenzied. When
the lights go out for the next num-
ber of the show, I shall ask a great
favor of you, sir. You are a chiv-
alrous gentleman and will not refuse,
f shall take a package from my hand-
bag—see, I trust you perfectly—and
pass it to you beneath the table, and
you will take it at once to 849 Algon-
quin Avenue and await me there.
Please!” Her warm soft fingers
curled themselves about his hand
with an appealing pressure. “You
will do this for me? You will not
fail?—yoix are not afraid?”

  “Mademoiselle,” lie assured her
solemnly, returning her handclasp
with compound interest, “I shall do
it, though forty thousand devils and
devilkins bar the way.”

  As the lights in the big central
chandelier dimmed and the spotlight
shot its effulgence over the dancing-
tloor, a petite blond maiden arrayed
in silver trunks, bandeau and slippers
pranced out between the rows of
tables and began singing in a rasping,
nasal voice while she strutted and
jiggled through the intricate move-
ments of the Baltimore.

 “Come. Friend Trowbridge.”
ordered de Grandin abruptly, stowing
something in his pocket at the same
time. “We go, we leave: allez-vous-
en!”

  I	followed stumblingly through the
comparative darkness of the dining-
room, but paused on the threshold for
a final backward glance. The zone of
spotlight on the daneing-floor made
the remainder of the place inky black
by contrast, and only the highlights
of the table napery, the men’s shirt-
fronts and the women’s arms and
shoulders showed indistinctly through
the gloom, but it seemed to me the
oblique, unchanging eyes of the
sinister quartet at the corner table
THE DEVIL-PEOPLE

173

followed us through the dark and
shone with sardonic phosphorescence,
as the questing eyes of hungry cats
spy out the movements of mice among
the shadows.

“npHts is the craziest thing you’ve
ever done,” I scolded as our
taxi gathered speed over the slippery
street. “What do we know about that
girl? Nothing, except she’s an
habitue of a none too reputable night
club. .She may be a dope peddler for
all we know, and this may be just a
scheme to have us carry her contra-
band stuff past the police; or it may
be a plan for hold-up and robbery
and those devilish-looking men her
accomplices. I’d not put any sort of
villainy past a gang like that.

and--”

  De Grandin \s slender, mocha-
gloved fingers beat a devil’s tattoo on
the silver knob of his ebony cane as
he regarded me with a fixed, unwink-
ing stare of disapproval. “All that
you say may be true, my friend.” he
admitted; “nevertheless, I have a
mind to see this business through.
Are you with me?”

  “Of course, but-”

  “There are no buts, cher ami. Un-
less I mistake rightly, we shall see
remarkable things before we have
done, and I would not miss the sight
for half a dozen peaceful nights in
bed.” «

  As we rounded a corner and turned
into the wide, tree-bordered roadway
of Algonquin Avenue another car
sped past us through the storm,
whirling skid-chains snarling savage-
ly against its mudguards.

2

Areal estate agent’s sign an-
nounced that the substantial
brownstone residence which was 849
Algonquin Avenue was for side or
rent on long-term lease and would be
altered to suit the tenant. Otherwise
the place was as much like every other

house in the block as one grain of rice
is like the others in a bag.

  Hastening up the short flagstone
path leading from the sidewalk, de
Grandin mounted the low brownstone
stoop, felt uncertainly a moment,
located the old-fashioned pull-door-
bell and gave the brass knob a
vigorous yank.

  Through the mosaic of brightly
stained glass in the front door panel
we could descry a light in the hall,
but no footsteps came in answer to
our summons. “Morbleu, this is
villainous!” the little Frenchman
muttered as an especially vicious puff
of wind hurled a barrage of sleet into
his face. “Are we to stand here till
death puts an end to our sufferings?
I will not have it!” He struck a
resounding blow on the door with the
knob of his walking-stick.

  As though waiting only the
slightest pressure, the unlatched door
swung back beneath the impact of his
cane, and we found ourselves staring
down a long, high-ceiled hall. Under
the flickering light of an old-
fashioned, prism-fringed gas chande-
lier we glimpsed the riotous colors of
the Oriental rugs with which the
place was carpeted, caught a. flash of
king-blue, rose, and rust-red from the
sumptuous prayer cloth suspended
tapestrywisc on the wall, but gave no
second glance to the draperies, for at
the far end of the passage was that
which brought an excited “A-a-ahf"
from de Grandin and a gasp of horror
from me.

 The place was a shambles.
Hunched forward like a doll with a
broken back, an undersized, dark-
skinned man in white drill jacket,
batik sarong and yellow turban
squatted in a. low, blackwood chair
and stared endlessly before him into
infinity with the glazed, half-plead-
ing, half-expressionless eyes of the
newly dead. A smear of red, wider
than the palm of a man's hand, and
still slowly spreading, disfigured the
174

WEIRD TALES

left breast ox his white jacket and told
the reason for his death.

  Half-way up the stairway which
curved from the farther end of the
hall another man, similarly attired,
had fallen backward, apparently in
the act of flight, and lay against the
stair-treads like a worn-out tailor’s
dummy carelessly tossed upon the
carpet. His bare brown feet, oddly
bent on flaccid ankles, pointed up-
ward; head and hands, lolling down-
ward with an awful awkwardness,
were toward xis, and I went sick with
horror at sight of the open, gasping
mouth and set, staring eyes in the
reversed face. Under his back-bent
chin a terrific wound gaped in his
throat like the butcher’s mark upon a
slaughtered sheep.

  “Grand Dim!” de Grandin mur-
mured, surveying the tragic relics a
moment; “they were thorough, those
assassins.”

  Darting down the corridor he
paused beside the corpses, letting his
hand rest on each a moment, then
turned away with a shrug. “Dead
comme un mouton,” he observed
almost indifferently, “but not long so.
my friend. They are still soft and
warm. If we could but—Dieu de
Dim—another? Oh, villainous! mon-
strous ! infamous! ’ ’

  Stepping through an arched door-
way we had entered a large room to
the left of the hall. A carved black-
wood divan stood at the apartment’s
farther end, and a peacock screen
immediately behind it. A red-shaded
lamp threw its softly diffused light
over the place, mellowing, to some
extent, the dreadful tableau spread
before us. Full length among the
gaudy, heaped-up pillows of the divan
a woman reclined indolently, one
bare, brown arm extended toward us,
wrist bent, hand drooping, a long,
thin cheroot of black tobacco held
listlessly between her red-stained
fingers. Small, she was, almost
childishly so, her skin golden as sun-
ripened fruit, her lips red as though

stained with fresh pomegranate juice,
and on the loose robe of sheer yellow
muslin which was her only garment
glowed a redder stain beneath the
gentle swell of her left bosom. Death
had been kinder to her than to the
men, for her large, black-fringed eyes
were closed as though in natural
sleep, and her lips were softly parted
as if she had gently sighed her life
away. The illusion of slumber was
heightened, by the fact that on the
henna-stained tees of one slender foot
was balanced a red-velvet slipper
heavily embroidered with silver
thread while its mate had fallen to
the floor, as though listlessly kicked
off by its wearer.

  Treading softly as though passing
the sanctuary of a church, the little
Frenchman approached the dead
woman, felt her soft, rounded aim a
moment, then pinched daintily at the
cheroot between her dead fingers.
“Parblcu, yes!” he nodded vig-
orously. “It was recent, most recent,
Friend Trowbridge. The vile mis-
creants who did this deed of shame
had but just gone when we arrived;
for see, her flesh still glows with the
warmth of life, and the memory of its
fire still lingers in this cigar’s
tobacco. Not more than ten, nor eight,
nor scarcely six minutes can have
passed since these poor ones were
done to death.

  “Eh Men”—he bent his left hand
palm upward, consulting the tiny
watch strapped to the under side of
his wrist, and turned toward the door
with a faint shrug—* ‘ anyone can
deplore these deaths: it is for Jules
de Grandin to avenge them. Come,
we must notify the gendarmes and
the coroner, then-”

  “What about Mademoiselle Mu-
tina?” I asked maliciously. “You
promised to wait here for her, you
know. ’ ’

  He paused a moment, regarding me
intently with his fixed, level stare.
“Precisement,” he assented grimly,
“what about her? It remains to be
THE DEVIL-PEOPLE

175

seen. As for my promise—mordieu,
when I was a little lad I promised
myself I should one day be President
of the Republique, but when I grew
to a man’s estate I found too many
important things to do.” He swung
back the front door, thrust his collar
up about his ears with a savage jerk
and strode across the low porch into
the howling storm.

  What warned me to look up I shall
never know, for the natural course to
have followed would have been that
taken by de Grandin and bend my
head against the wind; but a subtle
something, something so tangible that
it was almost physical, seemed to jerk
my chin up from my greatcoat collar
just in time. Prom the areaway
beneath the porch steps, staring at the
retreating Frenchman with a malig-
nancy utterly bestial, was a pair of
oblique, yellow-green eyes.

 “Look out, de Grandin!” I
shrieked, and even as I called I
realized the warning was too late, for
an arm shot upward, poising a dully
gleaming weaj)on—a dagger of some
sort, I thought—for a throw.

  Scarcely conscious of my act, I
acted. Throwing both feet forward, I
slipped on the glassy sleet with which
the stone steps were veneered, and
catapulted down them like a trunk
sweeping down a baggage-chute. My
feet landed squarely against the
Frenchman’s . legs, knocking him
sprawling, and something whizzed
past my car with a deadly, whirring
sound and struck against the flagstone
path beyond with a brittle, crackling
clash.

  Fighting to regain my footing like
a cat essaying the ascent of a slate
gable, I scrambled helplessly on the
sleet-glazed walk, saw de Grandin
right himself with an oath and dive
head-foremost toward the area where
his assailant lurked.

 For an instant everything was
chaos. I saw de Grandin miss his
step and lurch drunkenly over the icy
footwalk; saw his brown-skinned

assailant spring upon him like a
panther on its prey; realized dimly
that someone had charged across the
narrow yard and sprung to my little
friend’s aid; then was knocked fiat
once more by a vicious kick which
missed my face only a hair’s breadth
and almost dislocated my shoulder.

 “Catch him, Friend Trowbridge—
he flies!” de Grandin shouted, dis-
engaging himself from his rescuer’s
arms and rushing futilely after his
fleeing opponent. Sure-footed as a
lynx, the fellow ran over the slippery
pavement, crossed the roadway and
bolted down the connecting street,
disappearing from 'sight as though
swallowed up by the enveloping
storm.

 “Merci bcaucoup, Monsieurde
Grandin acltnowledged as he turned
to his deliverer, ‘ ‘ I have not the
honor of knowing your name, but my
obligation is as great as your help was
timely. If you will be so good as to—
Trowbridge, my friend, catch him,
he swoons!”

 “Quick, Friend Trowbridge,” the
Frenchman ordered, “do you impro-
vise some sort of bandage while I
seek conveyance; we must bear him to
the house and staunch his wound, else
he will bleed to death. ’ ’

\XThile de Grandin sought fran-

  *	’ tically for a taxicab I opened
the stranger’s clothes and wadded my
handkerchief against the ugly knife-
wound in his upper arm. Crude and
makeshift as the device wTas, it
stopped the flow of blood to some ex-
tent, and, while still unconscious, the
man did not appear measurably worse
off when we arrived at my office some
twenty minutes later. While I cut
away his shirt sleeve and adjusted a
proper pad and bandage, de Grandin
was busily telephoning our gruesome
discoveries to police headquarters.

  A stiff drink of brandy and water
forced between his lips brought a
semblance of color back to the faint-
ing man’s cheeks. He turned his head
176

WEIRD TALES

slowly on 1 he pillow of the examina-
tion table and muttered something
unintelligible; then, with a start, lie
lose to a sitting posture and cried:
“Mutina, dear love: it is I—Richard!

Wait, Mutina, wait a 1110-”

  As it' a curtain had been lifted
from before his eyes lie saw us and
turned from one to the other with
an expression of blank bewilder-
ment. “Where—how-” he began

dazedly; then: “Oh, I remember,
that devil was assaulting you and 1

rushed in to-”

  “To save a total stranger from
a most unpleasant predicament,
Monsieur, for which the stranger
greatly thanks you,” de Grandin
supplied. “And now, if you are feel-
ing somewhat better, will you not be
good enough to take another drink—
somewhat larger this time, if you
please—of this so excellent brandy,
then tell us why you call 011 Ma-
demoiselle Mutina? It so happens
that we, too, have much interest in
that young lady.”

 “Who are you?” the youth
demanded with sharp suspicion.

  “I am Jules de Grandin, doctor of
medicine and of the faculty of the
Sorbonne, and sometime special agent
of the Surd6 General, and this is Dr.
Samuel Trowbridge, my very good
friend and host*” the Frenchman
returned with a formal bow. “While
saving my life from that miserable,
execrable rogue who would have
assassinated me, you received an ugly
wound, and we brought you here to
dress it. And now that social
amenities are completed, perhaps you
will have the goodness to answer my
question concerning Mademoiselle
Mutina. Who, may I ask, is she,
and what is it you know of her? Be-
lieve me, young sir, it is not from idle
curiosity, but in the interest of
justice, that we ask.”

  “She is my wife,” the young man
answered after a moment’s thought-
ful silence in which he seemed to
weigh the advisability of speaking.

“I am Richard Starkweather—per-
haps you know my father. Dr. Trow-
bridge''—lie turned to me—“he was
president of t lie old Harrisonville
Street Railway before the Public
Service took it over.”

  I nodded. “Yes, I remember him,”

1 replied. “He was two classes ahead
of me at Amherst, but we met at

alumni gatherings; and-”

  “Never mind the reminiscences,
Friend Trowbridge,” de Grandin
interrupted, his logical French mind
refusing to lie swerved from the
matter in hand. “You were about to

tell u.s, Monsieur-” He paused

significantly, glancing at our patient
with raised, quizzical eyebrows.

 “I married Mutina in Sabuah

Sulu, then again in Manila, but-”

 “Parbleu—you did marry her
twice?” de Grandin demanded in-
credulously. “How comes it?”
Starkweather took a deep breath,
like a man about to dive into a cold
stream, then:

  “I met Mutina in Sabuah Sulu,”
he began. “Possibly you gentlemen
have read my book, Malay, Pirates as
I Knew Them, and wondered how I
became so intimately acquainted with
the engaging scoundrels. The fact is,
it was all a matter of luck. The
Dutch tram]) steamer, Willi dm ina, on
which I was going from Batavia to
Manila, put in at Lubuah, and that’s
how it began. We all went ashore to
see the place, which was only a
cluster of Chinese yodowns, a dozen
or so European business places and a
couple of hotels of sorts. We saw all
we wanted of the dried-mud-and-sand
town in a couple of hours, but as the
ship wasn’t pushing out until some-
time in the early morning, several of
us looked in on a honky-tonk which
was in full blast at one of the saloons.
I don’t know what it was they gave
me to drink, but it was surely power-
ful medicine—probably- a mixture of
crude white rum and n’yapi—what-
ever it was, it affected me as no West-
ern liquor ever did, and I was dead
THE DEVIL-PEOPLE

177

to the world in three drinks. The
next thing I remember was waking
up the following morning, well after
sun-up, to find myself with empty
pockets and a dreadful headache,
floating out of sight of land in a
Chinese sampan. I haven’t the
faintest idea how I got there, though
I suspect the other members of the
party were too drunk to miss me when
they put back for the ship, and the
proprietor of the dive, seeing me
sprawled out there, improved his
opportunity to go through my
pockets, then lugged me to the water-
front, dumped me into the first empty
boat he found and let me shift for
myself. Maybe he cut me adrift;
maybe the boat's painter came untied
by accident. At any rate, there I
was, washed out to sea by the ebbing
tide, with no water, no food, and not
the slightest idea where I was or how
far away the nearest land lay.

  “I had barely sense and strength
left to set the sampan’s matting sail
before I fell half conscious into the
bottom again, still so sick and weak
with liquor that I didn’t care partic-
ularly whether I ever made land
again.

  “Just how long I lay there asleep
—drugged would be a better term,
for that Eastern liquor acts more like
opium than alcohol—I haven’t the
slightest idea. Certainly it was all
day; perhaps I slept clear around the
clock. When I awoke, the stars were
out and the boat was drifting side-on
toward a rocky, jagged shore as if
she were in a mill-flume.

  “I jumped up and snatched the
steering paddle, striving with might
and main to bring her head around,
but I might as well have tried
paddling a canoe with a teaspoon.
She drove straight for those rocks as
if some invisible hand were guiding
her to destruction; then, just as I
thought I was gone, a big wave
caught her squarely under the poop,
lifted her over a saw-toothed reef and
deposited her on a narrow, sandy

shingle almost as gently as if she’d
been beached by professional sailors.

  “I climbed out as quickly as I
could and staggered up the beach, but
fell before I’d traversed a quarter-
mile. The next thing I knew, it was
daylight again and a couple of ugly-
looking Malays were standing over
me, talking in some outlandish
tongue, apparently arguing whether
to kill me then or wait a while. I sup-
pose the only thing which saved me
was the fact that they’d already been
through my pockets and decided that
as I had nothing but the tattered
clothes I lay in, n\y live body was
more valuable than my wardrobe.
Anyhow, they prodded me to my feet
with a spear butt and drove me along
the beach for almost an hour.

  “We finally came to a little horse-
shoe-shaped cleft in the shore, and
just where the sandy shingle met the
jungle of lalang grass was a village
of half a hundred or so white huts
clustering about a much larger house.
One of my captors pointed toward the
bigger building and said something
about ‘ Kapal Besar’, which I assumed
to be the name of the village head-
man.

  “He was more than that. He was
really a sort of petty sultan, and
ruled his little principality with a rod
of iron, notwithstanding he was
nearly ninety years old and a hopeless
paralytic.

  “When we got into the village I
saw the big house was a sort of
combined palace and fortress, for it
was surrounded by a high wall of
sun-dried brick loopboled for cannon
and musketry, and with three or four
pieces of ancient ordnance sticking
their brass muzzles through the
apertures. The wall was topped with
an abatis of sharpened bamboo stakes,
and a man armed with a Civil War
model musket and bayonet stood
guard at the gateway through which
my finders drove me like a pig on its
way to market.
17S

WEIRD TALES

  “Inside the encircling wall was a
space oil smooth sand perhaps ten or
twelve feet broad; then a wide, brick-
floored piazza roofed over with beams
of teak as thick as railway ties laid
close together on equally heavy
stringers, and from the porch opened
any number of doorways into the
house.

 “My guards led, or drove, me
through one of these and down a tiled
corridor, while a half-naked boy who
popped up out of the darkness like
a jack-in-the-box from his ease ran on
ahead yelling, ‘Kapal Bcsar—hai,
Kapal Tuan!’ at the top of his shrill,
nasal voice.

  Iwas surprized at the size of the
room to which I was taken. It
was roughly oval in shape, quite fifty
feet long by twenty-five or thirty at
its greatest width, and paved with
alternate black and red tiles. The
roof, which rose like a sugar-loaf in
the center, was supported on A-beams
resting on columns of skinned palm-
tree boles, and to these were nailed
brackets from which swung red-glass
bowls filled with coconut-oil with a
floating wick burning in each. The
result was the place was fairly well
illuminated, and I had a good view
of the thin, aged man sitting in a
chair of carved, black wood at the
farther end of the chamber.

  “He was a cadaverous old fellow,
seemingly almost bloodless, with skin
1 lie color of old parchment stretched
tight as a drumhead over his skull;
thin, pale lips, an'd a long, straggling
white beard sweeping over his tight
green jacket. When he looked at me
I saw* his eyes were light hazel, al-
most gray, and piercing and direct
as those of a hawk. His thin, high-
bridged nose reminded me of a
hawk’s beak, too, and the bony,
almost transparent hands which
clutched and fingered the silver-
mounted bamboo cane in his lap
were like a hawk’s talons.

 “My two guards made profound

■salaams, but 1 contented myself with
the barest nod civility required.

  “The old chap looked appraisingly
at me while my discoverers ha-
rangued him at great length; then,
with an impatient motion of his cane,
lie waved them to silence and began
addressing me in Malayan. I didn't
know a dozen words of the language,
and made signs to him that I couldn’t
understand, whereupon lie switched
to an odd, slurring sort of Spanish
which I was able to make out with
some difficulty.

  “Before he’d spoken five minutes
I understood my status, and was none
too delighted to learn I was regarded
as a legitimate piece of sea-salvage
—a slave, in plain language. If I had
any special talent. 1 was informed,
I’d better be trotting it out for dis-
play right off; for, lacking something
to recommend me for service in the
palace, I would be forthwith shipped
off to the yam fields or the groves
where the copra was prepared.

  “I was at a loss just how to answer
the old duffer when 1 happened to see
a sort of guitar lying on the pavement
near the door leading to one. of 1he
passages which radiated from the
audience chamber like wheel-spokes
from a hub. Snatching up the instru-
ment, I tuned it quickly, and pick-
ing some sort of accompaniment on
it, began to sing. I’ve a pretty fair
baritone, and T put more into it that
day than T ever did with the college
glee club.

  “ J-Manila, Massa’s in dc Cold, Cold
Ground, Just a Baby’s Prayer at
Twilight, and Over Then went big
with the old man, but 1hc song that
seemed to touch his heart was John
Brown’s Bodjj, and I had to sing the
thing from beginning to end at least
a dozen times.

  “ The upshot of it was that I found
myself permanently retained as court
minstrel, had my torn white duds
replaced by a gorgeous red jacket and
yellow turban and a brilliantly
striped sarong, and was assigned one
THE DEVIL-PEOPLE

179

of the best rooms in the palace—
which isn’t saying much from the
standpoint of modern conveniences.”

  The young man paused a moment,
and despite his evident distress a
boyish grin spread over his lean,
brown countenance. “My big chance
came when I’d been there about two
months,’’ he continued.

  “I prepped at St. John’s, and put
in a full hitch with the infantry
during the war, so the I. 1>. If. and
the manuals of guard duty were as
familiar to me as the Scriptures arc
to a cii'cuit-riding preacher. One day
when the disorganized mob old Kapal
called his army were slouching
through their idea of a guard mount.
I snatched his musket, from the fellow
who acted as top sergeant and showed
'em how to do the thing in proper
style. The captain of the guard was
sore as a pup, but old Kapal was
sitting in the piazza watching the
drill, and made ’em take orders from
me. In half an hour I had them
presenting, porting, ordering and
shouldering arms in pretty fair
shape, and in two weeks they could
do the whole manual, go right by
squads and come on right into line as
snappily as any outfit you ever saw.

 “That settled it. T was made
captain-general of the army, wore
two swords and a brace of old-
fashioned brass-mounted powder and
ball revolvers in my waist shawl, and
was officially known as Ttiek-kard
Tuan. I taught the soldiers to salute,
and the civil population took up the
custom. In six months’ time f
couldn’t go for a five-minute stroll
without gathering more salutes io the
yard than a newly commissioned
shavetail in the National Army.

  “I’d managed to pick up a work-
ing knowledge of the language, and
was seeing the people at first-hand,
living their lives and almost thinking
their thoughts—that ’s where I got the
material for niv book. That’s how T
got Mutina, too.

  “One morning after drill Kapal

Besar called me into the audience
chamber and waved me to a seat, i
was the only person on the island
privileged to sit in his presence, by.'
1he way.

  " ‘My son,’ he said, ‘I have been
thinking much of your future, of late.
In you 1 have found a very pearl
among men, and it is my wish that,
you rear strong sons to take your
place in the years to come. Mine, too,
mavhap, for 1 have no men-children
to rule after me and there is none i
would rather have govern in my stead
when it shall have pleased Allah
(praised be His glorious name!) to
call me hence to Paradise. Therefore,
you shall, have the choice of my
women forthwith.’ lie clapped his
thin old hands in signal as he spoke,
and a file of tittering, giggling girls
sidled through one of the doors and
ranged themselves along the wall.

  “Like all Oriental despots, Kapal
Besar maintained Ihe droil <h>
tr iune it r rigidly—every woman who
pleased him was taken into his
seraglio, though the old chap, being
close to ninety, and paralyzed from
the waist down for nearly twenty
years, could be nothing more than
nominal husband to them, of course.

  “Marriage is simple in Malaya, and
divorce simpler. ‘Thou art divorced,’
is all the husband need say to free
himself from an unwanted wife, and
the whole thing is finished without
courts, lawyers or fees.

  “I passed down the line of simper-
ing females, wondering how I was
going to sidestep this latest honor
royalty had thrust, upon me. when I
came to Mutina. Mutina. signifies
‘the Pearl’ in Malayan, and this girl
hadn’t been misnamed. Believe me
or not, gentlemen, it was a case of
love at first sight, as far as I was
concerned.

  “She was small, even for a Malay
girl—not more than four feet ten, or
five feet tall at the most—with
smooth, glossy black hair and the
tiniest feet and hands I’ve ever seeu.
180

WEIRD TALES

Though she had gone unshod the
greater part ot' her life her feet were
slender and high-arched as those of
a duchess of the Bourbon court, with
long, straight toes and delicate,
filbert-shaped nails; and her hands,
though used to the heavy work all
native women, royal or not, per-
formed, were fine and tapering, and
clean. She was light-skinned, too,
really fairer than I, for her llesh was
the color of ivory, while I was deeply
sun-burned; and, what attracted me
to her more than anything else, I
think, her lips and teeth were un-
stained by betel-nut and there was no
smudge or snuff about her nostrils.
As she stood there in her prim, modest
Malay costume, her eyes modestly
cast down and a faint blush staining
her face, she was simply ravishing. I
felt my heart miss a beat as I paused
before her.

  “There was a sort of scandalized
buzz-buzz of conversation among the
women when I turned to Kapal to
announce my choice, and the old
fellow himself looked surprized for a
moment. I thought he was going to
renege on his offer, but it developed
he thought I’d made an unworthy
decision. I’d noticed without think-
ing of it that the other women kept
apart from Mutina, and old Kapal
explained the .reason in a few terse
words. She was, it seemed, anak
gam pang; that is, no one knew who
her father was, and such a condition
is even more of a social handicap in
Malaya than with us. Further, she
was suspected of black magical
practises, and Kapal went so far as
to intimate she had secured the honor
of admission to the zenana by the use
of guna-guna, or love potions. Of
course, if I wanted her after all he’d
said, why, the misfortune was mine—
but I was not to complain I hadn’t
been fairly warned.

  “I told him I wanted her if she’d
have me, at which he let out a shrill
cackle of a laugh, called her to the

foot of his throne and spoke so
quickly for a minute or so that I
couldn’t follow him, then waved us
all away, saying he wanted to take his
siesta.

“T marched from the audience

  A chamber to my quarters feeling
pretty well satisfied. It really had
been a case of love at first sight as
far as I was concerned, and I’d made
up my mind to pay real courtship to
the lovely girl and try to induce her
to marry me, for I was determined
that, Kapal Besar or no Kapal Besar,
I’d not have her as a gift from any-
one but herself.

 “As I entered my quarters and
turned to lay my swords on the couch,
I was startled to see a form dart
across the threshold and drop crouch-
ing to the floor before me.

  “It was Mutina. Her little, soft
feet had followed me noiselessly down
the corridor, and she must have been
at my heels when I entered the room.

  “ ‘Kakasih,’ she said as' she knelt
before me and drew aside her veil,
revealing her, blushing face, ‘laki
kakasih amba anghu mcmuji—hus-
band, beloved,. I adore thee. ’

  “Gentlemen, did you ever take a
drink of rich old sherry and feel its
Avarming gloAv creep through every
vein and nerve in your body? Tliat
Avas the way I felt. Avhen I realized
what had happened. The rigmarole
old Kapal reeled off in the throne-
room Avas a combined divorce-and-
marriage ceremony. Mutina was my
wife, and—my heart raced like a
coasting motor car’s engine—with her
own soft lips she had declared her
loAre.

 “Three weeks later they found
Kapal Besar dead in his great carved
chair, and fear that I would seize the
government almost precipitated a
riot, but Avhen I told ’em I Avouldn’t
have the throne as a gift and wanted
nothing but a prau and crew to take
Mutina and me to the Philippines,
THE DEVIL-PEOPLE
/

181

they dam near forced the crown 011
me in gratitude.

 ‘‘Two members of tlie guard,
Hussein and Batjan, with Jobita,
Hussein’s young wife, asked per-
mission to accompany us, so there was
a party of five which set out in the
prau amid the cheers of the army and
the booming of the one of Kapal’s
brass cannon which could be fired.”

  Young Starkweather paused in his
narrative again, and a sort of puz-
zled, questioning expression spread
over his face. “The day before we
left,” he went on, “I came into the
quarters to get some stuff for the ship
and found Mutina backed into a
corner, fending off with both hands
the ugliest-looking customer I’d ever
seen. He was a thin, cadaverous
fellow, with slanting, yellow eyes and
a face like a walking corpse. I saw
in a moment Mutina was deathly
afraid of him, and yelled, ‘ IIei badih
iang chelaka!’ which may be freely
translated as ‘Get to hell out of here,
you son of an ill-favored dog! ’

  “Instead of slinking away as any
other native would have done if
addressed that way by Rick-kard
Tuan, the man just stood there and
grinned unpleasantly, if you could
call his ugly grimace a grin.

  “Sabuah Sulu is a rough place,
gentlemen, and rough methods are the
rule there. I snatched one of the
sabers from my cummerbund and cut
at him. The fellow must have been
extraordinarily agile; for though I
don’t see how it happened, I missed
him completely, though I’d have
sworn my blade cut into his neck.
That couldn’t have been so, though,
for there was 110 resistance to the
steel, and there the man stood, un-
harmed, after a slash which should
have lopped the head clean off his
shoulders.

 “Mutina seemed more concerned
about my safety than the circum-
stances seemed to warrant, for the.
intruder was unarmed, while I wore
two swords and a pair of pistols, and

after he’d slunk away with a final
menacing look she threw herself into
my arms and wept as if her heart
would break. I comforted her as best
I could, then ran out to ask the guard
who the mysterious man was, but the
sentry swore by the teeth and beard
of Allah that he had seen no stranger
enter or leave the compound that
day. ’ ’

  ‘ * U ’111—a-a-ah ? ’ ’ murmured Jules
de Grandin, twisting furiously at the
ends of his little golden mustache.
“Say on, my friend, this is of the
most decided interest.”

  “We got to Manila without much
trouble,” Starkweather continued as
he shot a wondering look at the little
Frenchman. “We passed through
the Sulu Sea, landed on southern
Luzon and completed the trip over-
land. We were married with Chris-
tian ceremonies by an army chaplain
at Manila, and I cabled home for
money, then arranged passage for our
entire party.

  “Coming back to the hotel after
making some last-minute sailing
arrangements, I thought I noticed the
shifty-eyed johnny who annoyed
Mutina the day before we left Sabuah
Sulu sneaking down the street, and
it seemed to me he looked at me with
a malicious grin as he ducked around
the comer. It couldn’t have been
the same man, of course, but the
resemblance was striking, and so was
the coincidence.

  “I felt a sort of premonition of
evil as I rushed up to our suite, and
I was in a perfect frenzy of
apprehension when I opened the door
and found the rooms empty. Mutina
was gone. So were Hussein, Batjan
and Jobita. There wras no clue to
their whereabouts, nothing to tell
why or where they’d gone; nothing
at all but—this.”

  From an inside pocket he drew a
leather case and extracted a folded
sheet of note-paper from it. He
passed it 1o de Grandin, wTho perused
182

WEIRD TALES

it quickly, nodded once, and handed
it to me. A single line of odd, un-
intelligible characters scrawled across
the sheet, but I could make nothing
of! them till Starkweather translated.

  “11 ’s Malayan, ” he explained. “The
same words she first spoke to me:

'Laki kakasih amba anghau mcmuji
—husband, beloved, I adore thee.’

  “I was like a crazy man for the
next two months. The police did
everything possible to find Mutina,
and I hired a small army of private
detectives, but we never got one trace
of any of the three.

  “Finally I came home, tried to
reconstruct my life as best I could,
and wrote my book on the pirates as
1 had known them.

  “Just tonight I learned that
Mutina, accompanied by Hussein and
Jobita and Batjan, is living in
Havrisonville, and that she’s an
entertainer at La Pantoufle Doree. T
got her address in Algonquin Avenue
from one of 1 lie chib attendants and
rushed out there as fast as I could.
Just as I entered the yard I saw you
scuffling with someone and—believe
it or not—I’m sure the man who
assaulted you was the one I saw in
Sabuah Sulu and later in Manila. I’d
recognize those devilish eyes of his
anywhere on earth.

  “It was good of you gentlemen to
bring me here and patch me up
instead of sending me to the hos-
pital.” he concluded, “but I’m feel-
ing pretty lit again, now, and 1 must
he off. Men. you don’t realize,
Mutina.’s in that house, and that
slant-eyed devil’s hanging around.
I’ve got to go to her right awav. T
must sec Mutina!”

  “Then ye’ll be after goin’ to th’
jail, an’ nowheres else, I’m thinkin’,
me boy,” a heavy Irish voice an-
nounced truculently from the con-
sulting-room door, and Defective
Sergeant Jeremiah Costello strode
across the threshold.

            3

utina—in jail?" the young
man faltered unbelievingly.
“Sure, good an’ tight, an’ where
else should she be?” returned the
detective with a nod to de Grandin
and me. “ 'Tis sorry I am ter come
sneakin’ in on yez like this, gentle-
men,” he apologized, “but th’ office
sent me up to Algonquin Avenue hot-
foot when yer message wuz received,
an’ after I’d made me arrest I
thought I’d best be coinin' here ter
talk matters over wid yez. Th’ bell
didn’t seem to ring when I pushed
th’ button, an’ it’s a cruel cold night
outside, so I let meself in, seein’ as
how yer light wuz goin’ an’ I knew
ye’d be up an’ ready ter talk.”
“Assuredly,” de Grandin assented
with a nod. “But. how comes it
that you put Mademoiselle—Madame
Mutina under arrest, my friend?”
“Why”—the big Irishman looked
wonderingly at the little Frenchman
—“what else wuz Hiere ter do, Dr. de
Grandin, sor? Tvas yerself as saw
what a. liowly slaughter-house they’d
made o’ her place, an’ dead men—an’
women—don’t die widout help. So,
when th’ young woman comes rusliin’
up ter th’ place in a taxi all out o’
breath, as ye might say, hot as fire
ter be after gittin inside ter meet
someone, why, sez I to meself, “'Ah-ho,
me gur-rl, ’tis yerself, an ’ no one else,
as knows sum pin more about these
shenancgans than meets th’ naked
eye, else ye wouldn’t be so anxious
ter meet someone—wid never a livin’
soul save th’ pore dead creatures in-
side th’ house ter meet at all, at all.’
“She started some cock-an’-bull
story about havin’ a, date wid a gent
whose name she didn’t know at th’
house—some foreign man, he were,
she said. I’ll be bettin’ me Sunday
boots he wuz a foreigner, too—'twas
no Christian American who did those
bloody murders, an’ ye can be sure o’
that, too, savin’ yer presence, Dr. de
Grandin, sor.”
THE DEVIL-PEOPLE

183

  The little Frenchman stroked his
tiny wheaten mustache caressingly.
“I agree with you, mon cher,” ho
assented, “but the young lady’s story
was not entirely of the gentleman
chicken and cow, for it was I whom
she was to meet at. her house. It
was for the purpose of meeting her
that Friend Trowbridge and I went
there, and found what we discovered.
Sergeant Costello, am I a fool?”

  ‘‘Howly Mither, no!” denied the
Irishman. “If they wuz more fools
like you in th’ wor-rld, Dr. de
Grandin, sox’, we’d be after havin’
fewer funny houses ter keep th’
nitwits in, I'm thinkin’.”

  “Precisely.” de Grandin assented.
‘ ‘ But I tell you, mon brave, Madame
Mutina not only did not commit those
killings; she suspected nothing of
them. Consider: Is it likely she
would have made an assignation with
Friend Trowbridge and me had she
thought we would find evidences of
murder there?”

  Costello shook his head.

  “Trcs bon. Again : It was twenty-
one minutes past 11 when Friend
Trowbridge and I left her at La
Pantoufle Doree; it was not later than
half-past when we arrived at her
house, and the poor ones had not been
long dead when Ave got there—their
flesh was warm and there was still
heat in the murdered woman’s cigar;
but they had been dead from ten to
filteen minutes, though not much
longer. Nevertheless, if we Avere with
Madame Mutina nine minutes before,
she could not have been present at the
killing.”

  “But she might ’a’ known sumpin
about it,” the Irishman persisted.

  “I doubt it much. At the night
club both Friend TroAvbridge and I
saAV several most unbeautiful men
Avho frightened her greatly. It was
at sight of them she entrusted some
object to me and begged I go to her
home Arith all speed, there to await
her coming. As avc drove through

the storm on our errand another car
passed us Avith great swiftness.
Whether the four unlovely ones rode
in it 01* not I can not say, but I
believe they did. In any event, as we
left the house after vicAving the
murdered bodies, a man closely
resembling one of them attacked me
from behind, and had it not been for
good, brave Friend TroAvbridge and
this so excellent young man here,
Jules de Grandin would hoav be
happy in heaven—I hope.

  “As it is”—he seized the pointed
tips of his mustache in a sudden
fierce grip and tAviijted them till I
thought he Avould tear the hairs loose
—“as it is, I still live, and there is
earthly Avork to do. Come, let us go,
let us hasten, let us repair imme-
diately to the jail where I may inter-
view the unfortunate, beautiful
Madame Mutina.

  “No, my friend,” he denied as
StarkAveather AArould have risen to
accompany us, “it is better that you
remain away for a time. Me, I shall
undertake that no harm comes to
your lady, but for the purposes I
have in mind I think it best she sees
you not for a time. Be assured, I
shall give you leave to greet her at
the earliest possible moment.”

T ¥ is chin thrust moodily into the
-*■ upturned collar of his greatcoat,
the little Frenchman sat beside me in
silence as I drove him and Costello
toward policc headquarters. As Ave
rounded a corner, driving cautiously
to avoid skidding over the sleety
pavement, he seemed suddenly to
arrive at a decision. “Through Tun-
laAv Street, if you please, good
friend,” he ordered. “I Avould stop
at the excellent Bacigalupo’s for a
little minute.”

  “At Bacigalupo’s?” I echoed in
amazement. “Why, Mike has been
in bed for hours!”

  “Then he must arise,” was the un-
compromising reply. “I Avould do
the business Avith him.”
184

WEIRD TALES

  No light burned in the windows of
the.tiny Hat where Mike Bacigalupo
lived above his prosperous fruit
stand, but repeated rings at the bell
and poundings on the door finally
brought a sleepy and none too
amiable Italian head from one of the
darkened openings, • like an irate
tortoise peeping from its shell.

  ‘‘Ilola, my friend,” de Grandin
hailed, “we are come to buy limes.
JIave the goodness to put ten or a
dozen in a bag for us at once.”

  “Limas!” demanded the Italian in
a shocked voice. “You wanta da
lima at half-pas’ 14 o’clock? You
come to hell—I not come down to
sell limas to Benito Mussolini deesa
time o’ night. Sapr-r-risii! You
mus’ t'inka me craze.”

  For answer de Grandin broke into
a flood of rapid, voluble Italian.
What lie said 1 do not know, but five
minutes later 1he fruit merchant,
shivering with cold inside the folds of
a red-Hanncl bathrobe, appeared at
the door and handed him a small
paper parcel. More, as we turned
away he waved his hand and called,

‘ ‘Arriredcrci, amico mio.”

  1 was burning with curiosity as we
drove toward headquarters, but long
experience with the eccentric little
Frenchman had. taught me better
then to attempt to force his confi-
dence.

  It was a frightened and pathetic
little figure the police matron ushered
into the headquarters room a few
minutes later. “ .1/'sit u she ex-
claimed piteously at sight of de Gran-
din, running forward and holding out
both slender ivory hands to him, “you
have come to save me from this
place?”

  “More than that, mu petit clitrc;
I have come to save you from those
who persecute you, if it please
heaven,” he replied soberly. “You
know not why you are arrested, do
you?”

  *	‘ N-no, ’ ’ she faltered. : I came
from the club as quickly as 1 could,
but this man and others seized me as
I alighted from my laxi. They would
not let me enter my own house or see
my faithful friends. Oh, M’sicu’,
make them let me see Hussein and
Batjan and Jobita, please.”

  “Mo puuvre,” de Grandin replied,
resting his hands gently on her
shoulders, “you can not see them ever
again. Those of whom we wot—they
arrived first. ’ ’

  “D-dead?” the girl stammered
half comprehending]y.

  He nodded silently as he led her to
a seat. Then: “We must see that
others do not travel the same path,”
he added. “You, yourself, may be
their next target. You are guilty of
no crime, but perhaps it would be
safer were you to remain here

until--”

  As he spoke, never taking his eyes
from hoi’s, he rummaged about in
his overcoat pocket and suddenly
snatched his hand out, crushing one
of the limes we had obtained from
Bacigalupo between his long, decep-
tively slender fingers. The pale-gold
rind broke beneath his pressure, and
a stream of amber juice spurted
through the rent, .spattering on the
girl’s bare arm.

  “0-o-o-oh—ui, ai!” she screamed
as the acid liquid touched her flesh,
then writhed away from him as
though the lime juice had been burn-
ing oil.

  “A-lice!'’ she gave the shrill,
piercing mourning cry of the East as
her eyes fastened on the glistening
spots of moisture on her forearm, and
their round pupils suddenly drew7 in
and shrank to slits like those of a cat
coming suddenly into a darkened
room from the light.

  “Jiien—ires bon!” de Grandin
exclaimed, snatching a silk handker-
chief from his cuff and drying her
arm. “I am sorry, truly sorry, my
I

THE DEVIL-PEOPIjE

185

poor one; believe me, sooner would
Jules de Grandin suffer torture than
muse you pain, but it was necessary
that I do it. See, it is all well, now.”
But it was not all well. Where the
gushing lime juice had struck her
tender flesh there was a cluster of
ugly, red weals on the girl’s arm as
though her white, soft skin were
scalded.

4

T^or a moment they faced each other

*	in silence, the alert, blond
Frenchman and the magnolia-white
Eastern girl, and mutual understand-
ing shone in their eyes.

 “How—how did you know?” she
faltered.

   ‘ ‘ I did not know, my little one, ’ ’ de
Grandin confessed in a low voice,
“but what I learned tonight caused
me to suspect. IlSlas, I was only too
right in my surmise!”

  He gazed thoughtfully at the
prison floor, his narrow chin tightly
gripped between his thumb and fore-
finger, then:

  “Are you greatly attached to the
Prophet, my child?” he asked.
“Would you consent to Christian
baptism?”

  She looked at him in bewilderment
as she replied: “Of course; is not the
man of my heart of the Nazarones?
If it so be they go endlessly to be
companions of hell-fire, as the
Prophet (on whom be peace!)
declares in the book of Imran’s
family, then let Mutina’s face be
blackened too at the last great day,
and let her go to everlasting torment
with the man she loves. I ask nothing
better in the hereafter than to share
his torture, if torture be his portion,
but in this life it is written that I
must keep far away, else I bring on
him the vengeance of-”

 “Enough!” de Grandin inter-
rupted almost sternly. “Sergeant, we
must release Madame Mutina in-

stantly. Come, I am impatient to
take her hence. Trowbridge, my
friend, do you engage a clergyman at
once and have him at the house with-
out delay. It is of importance that
we act with speed.”

  Mutina had been booked for deten-
tion only as a material witness, and it
was not difficult for Costello to pro-
cure her release. In five minutes they
had left for my house in a taxicab
while 1 drove toward Saint Luke’s
rectory, intent on dragging the
Reverend Leon Barley from his bed.

 With the clergyman in tow T
entered the study an hour later, find-
ing dc Grandin, Mutina and Costello
talking earnestly, but Starkweather
nowhere in sight. “Why, where
is-” I began, but the French-
man’s uplifted finger cut my question
off half uttered.

  “It is better that we name no
names at present, Friend Trow-
bridge,” he warned, then to Dr.
Barley:

  “This young lady has the desire for
baptism, man pcrc; you will officiate
forthwith ? Dr. Trowbridge and I
will stand sponsors. ’ ’

  “Why, it’s a little unusual,” the
pastor began, but de Grandin in-
terrupted with a vigorous nod of his
bead. “Pnrbleu, it is more unusual
than you can suppose,” he agreed.
“It is with the unusual wc have to
deal tonight, my friend, and the un-
godly, as well. Come, do us your
office and do it quickly, for be assured
we have not dragged you from the
comfort of your bed for nothing this
night.”

  The Reverend Leon Barley, pious
man of God and knowing man of the
world, was not the sort of carping
stickler for the purity of ecclesiastical
rules who easts discredit on the
clergy. Though uninformed concern-
ing the ceremony, he realized haste
was necessary, and adjusted his stole
with the deft quickness learned from
service with the A. E. F., and before
that in the Philippine insurrection.
186

WEIRD TALES

  Swiftly the beautiful, dignified
service proceeded:

  ‘‘Wilt, thou then obediently keep
God’s holy will and commandments
and walk in the same all the days of
thy life?” asked Dr. Barley.

  “1 will, by God’s help,” murmured
Mutina softly.

 “Mutina”—Dr. Barley's hand
dipped into the Minton salad bowl of
water standing on the table and
sprinkled a few drops on the girl’s
bowed head—“I baptize tliee in the

name of the-”

  The solemn pronouncement was
drowned in a terrible, blood-chilling
scream, for as the sacramental
water touched her head Mutina fell
forward to the floor and lay there
writhing as though in mortal agony.

  “Gawd A’mighty!” cried Costello
hoarsely. “ 'Tis th’ divil’s wor-rk,
fer sure!”

  “Sang de Dieu!” cried Jules de
Grandin, bending above the prostrate
girl. “Look, Friend Trowbridge, for
the love of good God, look!”

  Face downward, clawing at the
rugs and seemingly convulsed in un-
supportable torture, lay Mutina, and
the gleaming black hair sleekly
parted on her small head was turning
snovnj white before our eyes!

   ‘ ‘ Great heavens, what is it ? ’ ’ asked
the minister unsteadily.

  The girl’s hysterical movements
ceased .is de Grandin held a glass of
aromatic ammonia and water to her
lips, and she whimpered softly as her
head rolled weakly in the crook of his
elbow.

  For a moment he regarded her
solicitously; then, as he helped her to
a chair, he turned to the clergyman.
“It would seem the devil makes much
ado about being cheated of a victim,”
he remarked almost casually. “This
poor one was the inheritor of a curse
with which she had no more to do
than the xxnboru child with the color
of his father’s hair. Eh lnen, I have
that upstairs which will do more to

revive her body and spirit than all
the eau benite in all the world’s

fonts. ’ ’

  Tiptoeing to the stairs he called:
‘‘Richard—Richard, my friend, come
down forthwith and see what we have
brought! ’ ’

  Tliei’e was a pounding of feet on
the steps, a glad, wondering cry from
the study door, and Richard Stark-
weather and Mutina, his wife, were
locked in each other’s arms.

  “Come away, quickly, my friends,”
de Grandin ordered in a sharp
whisper as he motioned us from the
room. “It is a profanation for our
eyes to look on their reunion. Anon
we must interrupt them, for there is
much to be said and much more to
be done, but this moment is theirs,
and theirs alone.' ’

Fros of us gathered in my draw-
ing-room after dinner the follow-
ing evening. Sergeant, Costello,
mellowed with the effects of an ex-
cellent meal, several glasses of fifteen-
year-old liqueur Chartreuse and the
fragrant fumes of an Hoyo de
Monterey, lolled in the whig chair to
the right of the ci'ackling log fire.
Richard and Mutina Starkweather,
fingers entwined, occxxpied the loxxnge
before the fireplace, while I sat
opposite Costello. In the center,
back to the blaze, small blue eyes
flashing and dancing with excitement,
tiny waxed mustache quivering like
the whiskers of an irritable tom-cat,
Jules de Grandin stood with his feet
well apart, eyeing xxs ift i*apid succes-
sion. “Obsei’ve, my friends,” he
commanded, thrusting his hand into
the inside pocket of his dinner coat
and fishing oxxt a newspaper stone-
proof some four inches by eiglxt
inches in size; “is it not the grand
surprize I have prepared for our evil-
eyed friends?”

 With a grandiloquent bow he
handed me the paper, bidding me
THE DEVIL-PEOPLE

187

read it aloud. In boldface type the
notice announced:

CHEZ LA PANTOUFLE DORSE

ENGAGEMENT EXTRAORDINARY!

The Sensation of the Year!

La Belle Mutina, former High Priestess of
The Rakshasas
Will Positively Appear at this Club
During the Supper Hour
Tomorrow Night!

La Mutina, Far-famed Malayan Beauty,
Will Perform the Notorious
DANCE OF THE INDONG
MUTINA
Disclosing for the First Time
in the Western Hemisphere
The Devilish Rites of the
Rakshasas

(Reservations for this extraordinary attrac-
tion will positively not be received
by mail or telephone.)

  I	glanced at Mutina, sitting
demurely beside her husband, then at
the exuberant little Frenchman.
“All right, what does it mean?” I
asked.

  “Ah, my friends, what does it not
mean?” he replied with a wave of his
hand. “Attend me—carefully, if you
please:

  “Last night at the club, when the
good Madame took pity on us and
lightened our darkness with the love-
ly presence of Madame Mutina, I was
enchanted. When Madame Mutina
invited our attention to the pussy-
faced evil ones seated at the corner
table I was enraged. When we pro-
ceeded to Madame Mutina’s house and
beheld the new-dead stretched so
quietly and pitifully there, their
spilled blood crying aloud to heaven
—and me—for vengeance, parblcu, I
was greatly interested.

   “My friends, the little feet of Jules
de Grandin have covered much terri-
tory. Where the eternal snows of the
northland fly forever before the cease-
less gales, I have been there. Where
the sun bums and burns like the
fires of the fundamentalists’ hell,
there have I been. Nowhere, no land,
is a stranger to me. And on my many

travels I have kept my mind, my eyes
and my ears widely open. Ah, I have
heard the muted mumblings of the
dwellers round Sierra Leone, when
the frightened blacks crouch in their
cabins and scarce breathe the name of
the human leopards for fear of dread-
ful vengeance. In Haiti I have be-
held the unclean rites of voudois and
witnessed the power of papaloi and
mamaloi. The djinns and efreets of
Araby, the dracus, werewolves and
vampires of Hungary, Russia and
Rumania, the bhuts of India—I know
them all. Also I have been in the
Malay Archipelago, and know the
rakshasas. Certainly.

  “Consider, my friends: There is
no wonder-tale which affrights man-
kind after the lights are lit which has
not its foundation in present or past
fact. The legends of the loves of
Zeus with mortal women, his liaisons
with Danae, Io and Europa, they are
but ancestral memories of the bad old
days when wicked immortals—incubi,
if you please—worked their evil will
on humanity. In the Middle Ages,
when faith burned more brightly than
at present, men saw more clearly. Re-
call the story of Robert le Diable,
scion of Bertha, a human woman, and
Bertramo, a foul fiend disguised as a
worthy knight. Remember how this
misfortunate Robert was the battle-
ground of his mother’s gentle nature
and his sire’s fiendishness; then con-
sider our poor Madame Mutina.

  “In Malaya there exists a race of
beings since the beginning of the ages,
known variously as the people of
Antu or Raksliasa. They are inferior
fiends, possessing not much of potent
magic, for they are heavily admixed
with human half-breeds; but at their
weakest they are terrible enough.
They can in certain instances make
themselves invisible, though only to
some people. When visible, the Ma-
lays say they ean be recognized be-
cause of their evil eyes, which are yel-
low-green and sharp as razors. It was
such eyes I saw in the villainous faces
188

WEIRD TALES

of the ugly ones who frightened AIa -
dame Mutina at the club last night.
Even so, I did not connect them with
t he wicked breed of Rakshasas until
we had listened to young Stark-
weather’s story. When he told us of
the evil-eyed creatures who perse-
cuted his so lovely wife, and how the
sentry at the palace gate declared he
had seen no stranger leave, though
the scoundrel had fled but a moment
before, 1 remembered how Aristide,
the waiter, assured us no one sat. at
the table where we saw the unlovely
four with our own eyes even as he
spoke.

  “Also, had not the young Monsieur
tolu us his lovely lady was analt cjnm-
pav(j—without known father? But
of course. What more reasonable
than to suppose her mother bad been
imposed on by a fiend, even as Bertha
of the legend married the foul incu-
bus and was then left without hus-
band at the birth of her daughter?
Such things have been.

  ‘‘Nature, as your American slang
has it, is truly grand. She is exceed-
ingly grand, my friends. For every
plague with which mankind is visited,
good, kind nature provides a remedy,
can we but find it. The vampire can
not cross running water, and is af-
frighted of wil.d garlic blooms. The
holy leaves of the holly tree and the
young shoots of the ash are terrible
to the werewolf. So with the Rak-
shasa. The fruit and blossom of the
lime is to him as molten lead is to us.
If lie makes an unclean feast of hu-
man flesh—of which he is most fond
—and disguises it as curried chicken
or rice, a drop of lime juice sprinkled
on it unmasks it for what it is. A
smear of the same juice on his flesh
causes him intense anguish, and,
while ordinary weapons avail not at
all against him—remember how
Friend Richard struck one with his
saber, yet harmed him not?—a sword
or bullet dipped in lime juice kills
him to death. Yes.

  “Last night, as I thought of these

things, I determined on an experi-
ment. Tiens, though it worked per-
fectly, I could have struck myself for
that I caused pain to Madame Mu-
tina when I spilled the lime juice on
her.

  “Now, here we are: Madame Mu-
tina, beautiful as the moon as she lies
on the breast of the sea, was part
human, part demon. In Mohammed’s
false religion they have no cure for
such as she. ‘What to do?’ I ask me.

  “ ‘ Baptize her with water and the
spirit,’ I answer. ‘So doing we shall
save her soul alive and separate that
which is diabolic from that which is
good in her so lovely body. ’

  “You all beheld what happened
when the holy water of sacrament fell
upon her head last night. But, grace
a Dicu, we have won thus far. She
are now all woman. The demon in
her departed when her lovely hair
turned white.

  “Ah, but there was more to the
mystery than this. ‘Why were those
three poor ones done to death? Why
did she leave her husband almost at
the threshold of the lune de miel—
how do you say it?—honeymoon?’
Those questions I also ask me. There
is but one sure way to find out. This
morning I talk seriously with her.

  “It are needless for me to say she
is beautiful—we are men, we have all
the excellent, eyesight in our eyes.
But. it is necessary that I report that
the he-creaturcs of the Rakshasas had
also found her exceedingly fair.
When it was reported that she would
be truly married to Friend Richard,
not 1o be a wife in name only to a
paralyzed old dodo of a. sultan, they
were furious. They sent an ambassa-
dor to her to say, ‘You shall not wed
this man.’

  “Greatly did she fear these devil-
people, but greater than her fear was
Iter love for the gallant, gentleman
who would take her to wife in the
face of all the palace scandal.

  “Now, sacred to these unclean
Rakshasas is the coconut pearl, the
THE DEYIL-PEOPLE

189

pearl which is truly mother-of-pearl
because it contains within an outer
shell of lovely nacre an inner core of
true pearl, as the coconut shell en-
closes the white meat. One of these
—and they are very rare—our dear
Madame Mutina stole from the Rak-
shasa temple to hold as hostage for
the safety of her beloved. That is
what she entrusted to me last night
when she beheld the evil-eyed ones at
the elub.

  “But though she held the talisman,
she still feared the devil-people ex-
ceedingly, and when one of them fol-
lowed her to Manila and threatened
death to her beloved if she consorted
with him, though it crushed her heart
to do so, site tied from her husband,
and hid herself securely.

 “A woman’s love plumbs any
depths, however, my friends. Just to
be near her wedded lord brought ease
to her mangled bosom, and so she fol-
lowed him to America, and because
she dances like a snowflake sporting
with the wind and a moonbeam flit-
ting on flowing water, she had no
trouble in securing employment at La
Pantoufle Doree.

  “The Rakshasas have also traveled
overseas. Seeking their sacred token
they traced Madame Mutina, and
would, perchance, have slain her, even
as they murdered her companions,
had she not trusted us with the pearl
and bidden us bear it away to her
house. Knowing where she lived,
suspecting, perhaps, that she hid the
precious pearl there, the evil ones
reached the house before us, slew her
friends, and waited for us, but we—
Friend Trowbridge and I—put one of
them, at least, to flight, while the ar-
rival of Sergeant Costello and his ar-
rest of Madame Mutina prevented
their working their will on her. Mean-
time, I hold the much-sought pearl.”

  From his jacket pocket he took an
object, about the size and shape of a
hen’s egg, a beautiful, opalescent
thing which gave off myriad coruscat-
ing beams in the rays of the firelight.

  “But where do the evil-eyed sons
of Satan and his imps hide them-
selves? Can we find them?” he asked.
“Perhaps yes; perhaps no. In any
event, it will take much time, and we
wish for speed. Therefore we shall
resort to a ruse de guerre. This morn-
ing, after I talked with Madame Mu-
tina I did rush to the office of le
journal with a celerity beautiful to
behold, and, with the consent of the
proprietor of La Pantoufle Doree, who
is an excellent fellow and sells most
capital liquor, I inserted the adver-
tisement which Friend Trowbridge
has just read.

  “Eh Men, but the devil-people will
surely flock to that cabaret in force
tomorrow night. Will they not place
reliance in their devilish ability to
defy ordinary weapons and attempt
to seize the pearl from Madame Mu-
tina as she dances? I shall say they
will. But”—he twisted the ends of
his mustache savagely—“but they
reckon without an unknown host, my
friends. You, cher sergent, will be
there. You, Friend Richard, and you,
also, Friend Trowbridge, will be
there. As for Jules de Grandin, by
the horns, blood and tail of the Devil,
he will be there with both feet!

  “Ha, Messieurs les Diables, tomor-
row night we shall show you such a
party as you wot not of. Your black
blood, which has defied the weapons
of men for generations untold, shall
flow like springtime freshets when the
mounting sun unlocks the icy fetters
from the streams!

  “And those we do not spoil entirely
in the taking, you shall have the
pleasure of seating in the electric
chair, mon sergent,” he concluded
with a bow to Costello.

6

in'very table at La Pantoufle Doree
14 was engaged for the supper show
the following night. Here and there
the bald head or closely shaven face
of some regular patron caught the
100

WEIRD TALES

soil lights from the central chan-
delier, but the vast majority of the
tables were occupied by small, dark,
siilister-looking foreigners, men with
oblique eyes and an air of furtive evil
which llieir stylishly out dinner
dollies and sleekly anointed hair
could not disguise. Strategically
placed, near every exit, were mem-
bers of Sergeant Costello’s strong-arm
squad, looking decidedly uncomfort-
able in their hired dinner clothes and
consuming vast quantities of the free
menu provided by Starkweather’s lib-
eral arrangements with the manage-
ment with an air of elaborate uncon-
cern. Four patrolmen in plain
clothes lounged near the checkroom
counter, eyeing each incoming guest
with shrewd, appraising glances.

  Near the dancing-floor, facing each
other across a small table, sat de
<! rand in and Starkweather, while
Costello and I made ourselves as in-
conspicuous as possible in our places
near the swinging doors which
screened the main entrance to the
club.

  Not many couples whirled and
glided on the dancing-floor, for the
preponderance of men among the
patrons was noticeable, and the usual
air of well-bred hilarity which char-
acterized the place was almost en-
tirely lacking. *

  It was almost half-past 11 when de
Grandin gave the signal.

  “Now, customers,’’ announced the
hostess, advancing 1o the center of the
floor, “we’re in for a real treat. You
all know Ma’mselle Mutina; she’s
danced here before, but she never did
anything like she’s going to show to-
night. This is ab-so-lutely the cat’s
meow, and I don’t mean perhaps,
either. All set, boys and girls? Come
on, then, give the little ladv a big
hand!”

  Two attendants ran forward,
spreading a rich Turkish carpet over
the smoothly waxed boards of the
dancing-floor, and as they retreated
every light in the place winked out,

leaving the great room in sudden, ab-
solute darkness. Then, like a thrust-
ing sword-blade, a shaft of amethyst
light stabbed through the gloom, cen-
tering on the purple velvet curtains
beside the orchestra stand. No sound
came from the musicians, and the
place was so still I co\ild hear Cos-
tello’s heavy breathing where he sat
three feet away, and the faint flutter
of a menu-card sounded like the
scutter of a wind-blown leaf in a'
quiet forest clearing.

  Gazing fascinated at the curtains,

I	saw’ them move ever so slightly,
flutter a moment, then draw back.
Mutina. stood revealed.

  One little hand on each curtain,
she stood like a lovely picture in a
frame, a priceless jewel against a
background of opulent purple velvet.

  Over her head, covering her snowy
hair, was drawn a dark-blue veil,
silver-fringed and studded with silver
stars, and bound about her brows
was a chaplet of gold coins which
held the magically glowing, opales-
cent indong mutina against her fore-
head like the sacred asp on an Egyp-
tian monarch’s crown. ITer lovely
shoulders and bosom were encased in
a tight-fitting sleeveless zouave jack-
et of gold-embroidered cerise satin
fringed with gilt hawk-bells. From
hips to ankles hung a full, inany-
plaited skirt of sheerest white mus-
lin which revealed tlie slim lines of
her tapering legs with distracting
frankness. About her wrists and
ankles were garlands of cunningly
fashioned metallic flowers, enameled
in natural colors, which clashed
their petals together like tiny cym-
bals, setting up a sweet, musical
jinglc-jangle each time she moved.

  For a. moment she poised on slim,
henna-stained toes, bending her little
head with its jewel of glowing pearl
as if in response to an ovation; then,
raising her arms full length, she
laced her long, supple fingers above
her head, pirouetted half a dozen
(Continued on page 284)
A Very Short Ghost-Story

Highwaymen

 By W. BENSON DOOLING

BOYLE slipped a long pistol
from his hoot, and drew the
trigger back. Its sharp claek-
click was mellowed by the soft, swish
of his cloak, as he drew it more close-
ly about his shoulders and waist; for
this was a chill night, one of the
somber kind, and this a minute dur-
ing such a night when sounds soften
expectantly, when insects cease their
drone, and seem to wrait. Boyle
pulled lower the sagging front of his
featherless velvet hat, and slipped a
mask of some dark stuff about his
eyes. His horse neighed.

  From below on the road by which
he stood, straight and expectant on
his mount—a road that twined and
curled down the mountainside, a
hard-packed road much used by the
private carriages of the aristocracy,
and hardly wide enough for a public
coach—came the rattle of liool's of a
jogging pair, and the clank and tur-
moil of spinning wheels. The volume
of sound inci*eased, grew louder and
more distinct as the vehicle ap-
proached, and Boyle heeled his beast
to the road as a small coach wheeled
into view.

  ‘‘Stand and deliver, whelp!”

  Boyle’s voice was acid, with a
sharpness that brooked no argument.
A frightened coachman hauled in his
pair.

  A moon shone, but softly; it was
not bright enough to illumine any
sentiment on the driver’s face, but it
disclosed a gaunt, gray-mustaclied
man, who alighted quickly from the
coach—an elderly, dignified, green-
coated man, who muttered, “Sire, I

had heard your kind were more
polite! ’ ’

  “Politeness is the courtly gesture
of honest hypocrites, Milord . . .
but quick!—your valuables!” Boyle
waved his weapon carelessly, and
leant low in his saddle, peering
quickly into the dark coach.

‘ ‘ My money ? There; it’s all I have
with me, fortunately!” The gaunt
man sneered, and passed a small
leathern bag to Boyle’s waiting hand.
Said Boyle, “No jewels?”

  Came the answer, “When travel-
ing? But no, no jewels.”

  ‘ ‘ My thanks! Who’s in there ? ’ ’
“My daughter: she’s but a child.”
“Then ... I leave you the most
precious of your accouterments. . . .”
A pale, blond head leant from the
open coach, with twro pretty blue, cur-
ious, peering eyes, and a small hand
grasped the gentleman’s sleeve.
“Father,” asked a young, fright-
ened voice, “is that man the ghost
they talked about at the Inns, who
haunts the hills—the bandit ghost,
Father?”

  “Peace, child! Well, Sire, mav we
go?”

  ‘ ‘But soft! ’ ’ To the child Boyle said
kindly, “Filly, I am but a collector
of revenues. I have never met the
spook of whom you speak, though, in
sooth, I’ve heard his name. But
you’ll cloud your pretty face, think-
ing too much on ghosts. Better for-
get them, like me, my pretty dear.
. . . Sire, you are at liberty to go.
. . . Quick, whelp!”

  The blond head vanished, and the
gentleman regained his scat and

                                      191
192

WEIRD TALES

slammed shut the door; the coachman
whipped his horses on, too glad to
go to resent the sobriquet “whelp”
applied by Boyle.

  Boyle heeled his sable, then gave
him free rein. He wished the child
had not- spoken of the ghost, for Boyle
did not believe in ghosts. Far for-
ward he leant, and low-hanging
branches threatened his hat. Once his
cloak caught in brambles, and roughly
tore loose again. The sharp wind
was pleasing, biting at his hollow
cheeks. Boyle was horribly emaci-
ated: lie was a sportive man, who
drank and loved too much.

  Night resumed its somber sounds:
the chirping of tiny nocturnal in-
sects ; from somewhere away the hun-
gry bay of a wolf; above, a screech-
owl voiced its curdling sound.
Boyle's horse drew back, affrighted;
then, at a reassuring word from
Boyle, moved on.

  Suddenly lie drew him in. This
was a clearing in the wood, and the
moon seemed suddenly more bright.
Boyle was perplexed, and lost; he
did not know this place. Strange!
his horse had led him astray, though
the beast knew so well the way from
the road, through almost impercept-
ible paths in the thick wood, to the
cabin that Boyle at present occupied.

  A formation of trees, beyond the
clearing, fascinated him: the moon
shone full upon it, making strange
shadows in the grass below. Sparse
near the trunk, two trees stretched
out long arras—chill and bare arms
that touched, and seemed one length-
ened arm. It looked like a gibbet,
and, through some monstrous fantasy
—caused, perhaps, by branches and
leaves of trees beyond—the shadow
on the sward enhanced this effect,
and added a shadow like a man’s,
which seemed gently to move, to
swing.

  Affrighted, Boyle’s horse drew
back, and chawed his bit, and pawed
with his forefeet, and rolled his flank.
Boyle held him in, and perspiration

  beaded his brow: he saw that the horse
was innocent of the trees and their
fantasmagoria: that the beast was
alarmed at. something more subtle,
something Boyle had not vet sensed.

  “Soft, Ned!”

  The beast was still: he trusted
Boyle’s intelligence.

  “Stand and deliver, Sire!” The
command came from behind him—a
soft modulation, in courteous, almost
tender tones, but hollow, somber,
chilling; they seemed the voice of an-
other world; the sentence seemed to
come unwillingly, as though its au-
thor spoke against inclination, did
something repugnant that seemed ex-
pected of him.

  Boyle wheeled his horse. Before
him, in the full moonlight, another
horseman stood. His mount was
snow-white, and fleshy, but, looked
fleet. Its rider was cloaked and
masked, yet under the mask was a
mat-white skull—a skull that did not
grin, but held its jaws tight-set. A
wisp of mustache adhered to where
the upper lip had been. Dark, burn-
ing, liquid points shone through the
mask slits; and the velvet hat was
drawn too low for a forehead to be
seen. Straight in his saddle the
specter stood, holding his pistol
muzzle toward Boyle’s breast. He
pulled his cloak about his waist, as
though those fleshless ribs were chill.
Boyle knew the saga of this one;
knew that he had been hanged a hun-
dred years before.

  Boyle moaned: “The Ghost! . . .
the devil! . . . the Ghost! ’ ’

  Instinctively his hand reached
down—a nervous, shaking, groping
hand—and drew the pistol from his
boot. A chill crept along his spine;
his jaw gaped; his tongue slid out,
strangely parched, and back again.
His teeth chattered.

Clack-click! his pistol hammer
made an a woesome sound that seemed
very loud. He swung the muzzle to-
ward the other’s head, and touched
(Continued on page 288)
1.	The Marked Man

H,	LOOK who’s here,
folks!” Jane Lee rose to
her knees in the sand and
pointed her finger toward the sea.
We, the whole group of us, were
lolling around under a huge beaeh
parasol. And I, with the rest, turned
to see what had arrested Jane’s atten-
tion, even as she informed us by
adding, “There’s Ben Tarrton.”
Following her pointing finger, I
glanced across the gayly hued crowds
of bathers, to the long springboard
jutting from the pier, where a sol-
itary man stood poised leisurely,
swaying over the water.

  “There’s Benny Tarrton, Dan.” I
turned to my younger brother, who
lay sprawled on the sand at my side.

    W. T.—2

“The chap you’ve been hearing so
much about since you came home.
Give him the once over. All you’ve
heard is true.”

  Dan raised himself to his elbows,
and I watched him covertly, my pride
in him swelling the heart in me. His
long body was hard and lean. His
skin was bronzed to a deep oak-tan.
He had all the earmarks of the
typical outdoor man, though there
was something in Dan more than that
mere manliness you saw on the sur-
face. We had always been very close,
but he had been away from me so
long nowr that there was, to my
bewilderment, a tenuous and impen-
etrable veil raised between us. I
was conscious of always struggling
against it, ever since he had come

                                   193
194

WEIRD TALES

north, but of being as powerless as a
man trying to batter his path through
a veil of fog.

  I studied him now, striving to
plaee the thing that had come between
us. His deep-set black eyes had lit
with a trace of sardonic amusement
as he focused them upon the figure
poised on the springboard. I knew
what he was thinking, rather closely.
He was thinking over again the things
lie had said to me only that moniing.
Ben Tarrton! How the women did
rave over the man! They exhausted
every time-honored cliche in existence
in an effort to express their admira-
tion. Even the men asserted heartily
that Tarrton was a regular fellow.
Dan tossed his straight black hair out
of his eyes and lit a cigarette. Then
lie looked at me with a grin, and gave
me a sarcastic reply.

  “Oh, so it’s all true, is it? Well,
I’ve heard plenty, Jesse. Sure he
can come up to specifications?”

  “He certainly can,” 1 answered
heartily. I liadn’t, known Ben so
long, if you counted it by decades,
but by mere years I had known him
long enough to be able to judge, I
thought. Dan’s grin was almost a
sneer. He blew a puff of smoke into
the hot lazy air and surveyed Ben
with large interest. “I’ll call him
over, ’' I offered. Cfipping my hands
together, to form a sounding hollow,
I raised mv voice in a loud halloo.
“Hi— Ben f”

 The man on the springboard
paused in the act of setting his superb
body for a dive. And thatls no mere
term of admiration. He was superb.
Six feet three, built like Cellini’s
Perseus, and his every line right then
displayed to striking advantage by
brilliant blue swimming shorts. He
turned with his hands half raised in
the air, nodding, and his head glinted
in the sun. He lifted his resonant
baritone voice in answer.

 “Oh, there you arc! Be right
over. ’ ’

  Dan glanced idly at me, then his

gaze went back to Ben, and he
watched him intently as he made a
clean, perfect dive, swam indolently
to the shore and started up the beach.
I wasn’t paying much attention. My
mind was irritatedly going over,
again and again, that elusive differ-
ence in Dan.

  Six years in Mexico had served to
alienate Dan from our old set, what
there was left of it. Between the
additions and subtractions contin-
ually being accomplished by the
Great Mathematician, it was almost a
new set to Dan. He felt himself an
outsider now, “a rank un-belonger,”
he had summed it up to me with faint
cynicism. Down there below the
Border strenuous labor under a broil-
ing sun had made of him a different
piece of flesh. In the face of all that
grind and drill in the south, the
idling of this pleasure-hunting crowd
of ours seemed so futile and petty
and vain.

  I had listened to his saying all that
over, repeatedly, as though he knew
I sensed the difference in him and
wanted to explain it away. But he
was not explaining it away, by a long
shot. Those differences he delineated
were all on the surface—they had to
do with the flesh; yes, exactly. And
the difference in Dan was not of the
flesh. I suppose it was of the spirit,
soul, or whatever you choose to call
it. But it was something inside of
Dan that bothered me, and held mo
off and made of me a stranger also.

  Ho had been very reluctant to comc
north, but 1 wouldn’t take no for an
answer, and I had advanced every
logical argument I could think of. I
had reminded him that he had a
vacation coming. He hadn’t taken
one since he went there. I had
recalled to him that he hadn’t even
come up for our father’s funeral,
though that wasn’t his fault.
Accident had taken the old chap so
suddenly. Dan couldn’t have got
home before the funeral was over,
anyway. But I mentioned it when I
THE VENGEANCE OF THE DEAD

195

was urging him to come. I was
taking a party of old friends out to
spend a month or more at father’s old
hunting-lodge, and I had insisted that
Dan become one of the number. He
had answered finally that the trip
wouldn’t mean anything to him, out-
side of seeing me again. But he
would come.

 He caught my gaze on him,
gestured toward the rest of the
group, scowled and spoke in an
undertone. ‘ ‘ Doesn’t look very prom-
ising, Jesse, this outing of playboys,
to a hard-boiled working h ombre like
yours truly. One thing is certain: I
don’t consider it entertaining listen-
ing to a continual round of silly
enthusiasm over a handsome cake-
eater. ”

  I felt an uneasy, chilly sense of
premonition. Something alien and
sinister gripped me and held me still,
prevented me from making any
response. Why? Such a prescience
was utterly without reason. What
was there in Dan’s disgruntled
remark to cause any dark forebod-
ing ? I couldn’t fail to know what he
meant. His deep-set black eyes were
still on Ben, who was drawing close
to the group. And the group, men
and women alike, were extravagantly
sounding praises to Ben Tarrton.

  Dan spoke again, his voice still
lower, and something dragged my
gaze to my brother’s eyes. “That, bird
is due for a cropper some of these
days, Jesse. I don’t think a fellow of
his type is too—well, too safe to have
around. I wonder if I could persuade
you to chalk off this party, some
way. ’ ’

  “Rot!” I retorted, impatiently.
‘ ‘ What right have you to say a thing
like that? What do you know about
him? You never saw him before, did
you ?’ ’

  “No, I never sawr him before,”
Dan returned dryly. “But I’ve
heard enough about him to last me
the rest of my days.”

  “Well, forget it,” I returned, my

tone a little sharp perhaps. “I
certainly shall not chalk off the party.
We’re going to the lodge and have a
high old time roughing it, and you’ll
blend in after a day or two. You’ll
forget such nonsense when you see
more of Ben. You’ve just heard
so much chatter that you’re prej-
udiced.”

  “Yes? Well, it’s on your head,
old scout. Only, you can’t say I
didn’t warn you.”

Dan’s utterance stopped short,
since Ben had come up to us. I
shivered involuntarily. There was
something so malignant and menacing
in Dan’s eyes that for a moment I
wondered if this were really my
brother. That mysterious foreboding
again! But I got to my feet, striving
to brush it away from me, and held
out a hand to Ben.

  “Hello, old-timer,” I greeted him.
“So you did manage to get here, ch?
I began to fear you weren’t going to
make it.”

 “So did I.” Tarrton smiled.
“And I had to compromise to get
here at all. I had promised Markelle
to join his yachting party. I go to
them on the twenty-fourth. That
gives me a week at The Wilds. Is
this the crowd that’s going?” He
indicated the group behind us under
the parasol, and I nodded.

  And again, that something alien
and sinister chilled me to the marrow.
I shook myself, inwardly, angrily. It
was downright damnably silly! There
on the beach, in the bright hot sun, a
crowd of prosaic pleasure-seekers
going on a trip to the mountains.
That’s all we were. And we were in
a modern world, in a modern at-
mosphere, and none of us was at all
afflicted by superstitious or weird
ideas. Why should I feel the chill of
warning, of some obscene and un-
speakable horror brooding over us,
ready to swoop down ? I bit my teeth
hard on a curse. It was worse than
silly—it was absurd. I looked hard
196

WEIRD TALES

at Ben, as though to reassure myself
ithat this was our ordinary world,
that this was merely our common-
place gay crowd, and that everything
was as it should be.

  Ben was smiling at Jane Lee.
Purposely, I foi’ced myself to note
everything about him that made him
what he was, though I had done that
same thing again and again. I saw
nothing but the same old Ben. His
eyes were red-brown, his heavy brows
and lashes jet-black. Above them,
his thick mop of perfectly waved hair
was brilliant red-gold. His skin was
always as white as a woman’s. It
never tanned, or burned and peeled.
His cheek bones always bore a rose-
like flush, and where his two dimples
bit into his cheek, when he laughed,
the color faded, as though one had
pressed it away with a finger, then
flooded slowly back. I find it hard
to give you an accurate picture of the
man. He was vividly unusual, as you
can perceive. Once seen, he was not
easily forgotten.

  I had always considered him merely
a fellow at that peculiar sense-
provoking stage of muscular develop-
ment, where the very living vibrant
flesh and blood seem to exude
magnetism. Dan would be forced to
admit that Ben possessed a subtle
charm, something. on which you
couldn’t lay your finger, something
that did not find its genesis in his
undeniable and extravagant beauty,
nor in that unfailing graciousness
enhanced by fine mannerisms and
smooth courtesy. Determined to keep
a hold on my common sense, in spite
of Dan’s queer actions, I turned to
introduce him to Ben.

  “Dan,” I prompted him to decent
politeness, “I want you to meet Ben
Tarrton. ’ ’ Dan rose to his feet with
a kind of insolent reluctance too
subtle for Ben to notice, but I saw it
and my irritation rose. What in
thunder was the matter with Dan
today? With me? With everything?

I said, almost angrily, “Ben, this is
my kid brother, just up from his
beloved job in Mexico. I managed to
drag him away from it long enough
for this outing. He’s heard so much
about you that he’s green with envy. ’ ’
That last was a trifle malicious, and
Dan grinned at it.

  “Applesauce isn’t for beach con-
sumption, ’ ’ Tarrton countered. ‘ ‘ Glad
to know you, Dan. All we’ve heard
from Jesse since you said you’d come
was Dan this and Dan that. He’s
been as tickled as a kid with a new
toy.”

  “Yes?” Dan’s gaze flashed at me
and his black eyes lit. “Jesse is ,an
awful kidder,” he answered lightly,
and Tarrton moved 011 to the rest of
the crowd.

  But under Dan’s light words, and
in the sudden gleam of his eyes, I
saw the evidence, felt the current, of
the affection that had run between us
of old. I took swift advantage of it
as w'e reseated ourselves on the sand
side by side. I made another des-
perate lunge to get closer to him, to
find the old Dan under this strange
veil of chill between us.

  “Dan,” I said quietly, “can’t you
see that the fellow really has
charm ? ”

  “Certainly,” my brother agreed.
‘ ‘ I’ve contacted that unnamable force
before, Jesse. Seen guys I’ve had to
like outwardly, when inwardly I felt
instinctively that I’d like to kill
’em.”

  “Dan!” I gripped his arm, startled
at that malignant look which had
again crossed his face. “What in the
world is the matter with you?”
“Nothing at all.” But his face
was savage. “Nothing is the matter
with me. But I’m warning you, my
dear brother, keep your eye on that
pretty cake-cater of yours. Maybe
cake isn’t all he eats.”

  What eould he mean by such a
remark? There was something so
utterly menacing in his eyes as he
THE VENGEANCE OF THE DEAD

107

said it, that I shrank from him
involuntarily. I glanced at Ben, and
back at Dan, bewildered, shaken, only
to find Dan’s face already smoothed
to a mildly sarcastic smile. And I
heard Jane Lee remonstrating vig-
orously about Ben’s short stay with
the party.

 “Oh, Matt! Did you hear that?
Ben is only going to be with us for a
few days!”

  I glanced at her. She had turned
to her husband, who was lying beside
her fiat on his back, a disreputable
old Panama hat pulled down over his
face. At his wife’s words, Lee shoved
the hat upward an inch and frowned
at the new arrival.

 “What does this mean, young
man?” Matt demanded, in mock
severity. “We’ve been planning this
outing at The Wilds for over a
month, and here at the last moment
you ditch us. How come?”

  “Oh, just my terribly rotten luck,
Matt,” Ben explained. He had seated
himself in the center of the group.
“I promised to attend this outing a
month ago, granted. You’ve got me
tli ere. But on the same day I
promised Markelle to attend his
yachting party, too. Jesse set the
date at The Wilds for the seventeenth.
The mixup arose because Markelle
left his date open. And here last
week he called me up and said
they were leaving harbor on the
eighteenth. He’s a touchy cuss, and
I couldn’t turn him down cold. He
finally said they’d hold up for me till
the twenty-fourth. Sorry, but it was
the best I could do.”

  “Oh, heck! That makes me tired!
Ben, you’re a mean person to go and
bust up the party that way!” Nan
Boyce wrinkled her nose in disgust,
and Tarrton laughed.

  “I’m not busting up the party,
monkey. The rest of you will have
three or four weeks there after I’m.
gone. Besides, six days is better

than not going at all, for me at
least. ’ ’

 “Rather,” agreed Marian Glad-
stone, the one elderly woman in the
party, our conventional chaperone.

 I swung around to Dan, defen-
sively, as though I wanted to convince
him of something, when it was only
myself I wanted to convince. “There
you are,” I said, peevishly, like an
irritated child. “You see? They’re
just a group of ordinary merry-
makers out for a good time, and
Ben’s the pet of the bunch. How
can you make > such uncalled for
remarks about him? Dan, I’d like to
jar you into your old self.”

 “Don’t.” My brother’s smiling
face went cold, with a grimness that
was almost inhuman. “I would not
go back and traverse again the hell
I’ve known for all eternity could
offer. I am as I am today, and you
can never make me any different.
Take me as I am and be patient with
me. You may trust me. I won’t
spoil your party because I detest men
like Tarrton. But I shall certainly
keep my eye on him, I can tell you
that. Marian’s talking to you.”

 “Oh, pardon me. I didn’t hear
you, Marian. ’ ’ I moved away slightly
from Dan and glanced across at our
chaperone. “What were you say-
ing ? ’ ’

 “Merely that Waggener Wilds
sounds rather primitive,” Marian
answered. “Is it?”

  “You may judge for yourself,” I
informed her, rather absent-mindedly,
mv mind still on the puzzling aspect
of that antagonism Dan felt for Ben
Tarrton. “I’m glad you’re going to
sec it at last. It’s quite a lodge.
When Father built it, you know, he
swore that he was going hack to
nature. He wouldn’t have phone,
electric light or radio on the place.
The only way you can reach it is by
gravel road running through virgin
forest. ’ ’

 “Wow!” Lee sat up suddenly,
198

WEIRD TALES

running his hands through his hair
to make it stand on end. “Brrrrr!
I'm a wild man! I thirst for the
jungles! How many acres am I
gonna have to run wild in?”
‘‘Eighty,” I answered, smiling at
their horseplay. I was grateful for
their nonsense. It wrapped the
nvantle of my sanity closer about
me, brought me closer to my sun-
lit ordinary world, divided me
momentarily from those chill and
forbidding shadows that shrouded
Dan. Wanned, I answered almost as
lightly as Ben had spoken. “It’s
on a sizeable mountain, plenty far
enough from civilization. The R. &
S. railroad runs by a mile and a half
away. The nearest town is nine miles
distant. Natchez, the caretaker, keeps
six dogs to save himself from going
looney from loneliness—a brace of
police dogs, a collie, a red setter, and
:i couple of big fierce bloodhounds.
The hounds arc wicked brutes.
Natchez always keeps them ehained
when there’s anyone at the lodge,
which isn’t often. I've only been up
once myself since Dad died. You'll
iVd like Robinson Crusoe once you
«i; t 011 that mountain top. Better not
forget any such little things as collar
buttons and suspenders,” I finished,
striving to perfect, and hold the
c.'sual air I had almost attained.

  “What’s a suspender?” Jane Lee
Looted derisively, and got to her feet,
dragging Matt after her. “If this
outfit is starting for Waggener Wilds
;<t the ungodly hour of 7 in the
morning, 1 move that we hustle along
Mistead of lounging around here argu-
ing about who’s going to play with
1 he dogs and who’s going to hunt
collar buttons.”

  ‘ ‘ Second the motion! ’ ’ shouted Lee,
jumping up from the sand. “All in
favor say aye. The ayes have it.
i><‘t’s go!” He linked his arm
! ossessively through his wife’s and
started toward the board walk on a
run, pulling her along with him.

IWAtj grateful for their chattering,
but it didn’t help me much. I
hadn ’t been able to achieve the casual,
and what little I had gained was
slipping again as I flicked a glance at
Dan. He was watching Ben Tarrton,
like a lynx, his face impassive, his
eyes unreadable. There was growing
on me an impression that angered me
because I didn’t have the power to
shake it, an impression that some-
thing was going to happen, something
horrible and gruesome. I set my
teeth. Then Tarrton had passed, and
Nan Boyce caught his arm as he ran,
and the two of them overtook the Lees
together. The four turned down the
board walk at a brisk pace, and Rick
Boyce spoke to me in a good-natured
grumbling.

  “Guess I’m deserted, Jesse.”
“We’ll take you into custody.
Rick.” Jim Gladstone wiped his
perspiring bald head, helped his wife
up and pushed his spectacles closer to
his near-sighted eyes. “Are we off.
Jesse?”

  T nodded and fell into step with
them, throwing one arm across Dan’s
shoulder. It was an instinctive
gesture with me, as though I could by
that physical touch reach him, dispel
the insane fear that was rising in me,
and beat off the dark cold cloud that
was enveloping him. We moved off
abreast, the five of us. Then sud-
denly, apropos of nothing, Marian
Gladstone said:

  “Do you know, Jim—I’m afraid.”
“Eh—what? Afraid?” Her hus-
band looked at her in astonishment,
and I started. Marian afraid!
Marian wasn’t afraid of the devil
himself. Jim’s look turned to a stare,
and he asked sharply, “What do you
mean? What in the world are you
afraid of?”

  “It’s not what I’m afraid of.”
Marian shivered. “It’s whom I’m
afraid for.”

  “Well, for the Lord’s sake, who are
you afraid for?” Jim demanded, and
THE VENGEANCE OF THE DEAD

199

in a sidelong glance I eanght Dan
watching them both.

  “I’m afraid for Ben,” Marian said
sharply. Rick Boyce looked at her
pop-eyed, and I felt Dan’s shoulders
go rigid under my arm.

  “Why?” Jim almost snapped.

 “I—I don’t know.” She shook
herself, as though she were coming
out of a daze, and turned her eyes on
me. There was a puzzled, confused
look in them. Her eyes expressed
what I felt. She repeated, “I don’t
know. I guess it’s just that he’s too
popular. You know what I mean.
He’s too happy. He’s too well off.
He’s too unearthly beautiful. Here
he is, at the age of thirty-six, wealthy,
carefree, friend to everybody and
loved by everybody. ’ ’ She stopped
speaking abruptly, and we all waited
in a tense silence for her to go. The
silence lengthened unpleasantly, and
Jim broke it in nervous impatience.

  “Well, what of it? Is it so unusual
to see a man without enemies?”

  “N-n-no.” Marian frowned, shrink-
ing uneasily as though she saw some-
thing that frightened her. “I—I
don’t know how to say it. I guess
it’s that he—that life is too smooth
for him. It isn’t according to the
laws of the world that it can go on,

don’t you see? He—he’ll-” she

stumbled, and came down to the
blatantly ordinary. The finish of her
sentence was really ridiculous. * ‘ He ’11
marry the wrong girl and be
wretchedly unhappy—or he’ll get in
an accident and be killed or
crippled. ’ ’

  “Oh, is that all that’s bothering
you!” Jim laughed aloud.

  “All right, laugh!” Marian flared
darkly. “But I tell you, if there was
only one person who disliked him
violently, I’d feel easier about him.
He’d seem more—more human, some-
way. ’ ’

  I felt Dan breathing quickly, felt
the stiffening of his arm against my
side, and Jim laughed again, but not

so wholesomely as he had before.
“What a thing to say!” he remarked.

 “And what a beastly turn the
conversation has taken,” Rick Boyce
put in, uneasily, as though he didn’t
approve of what was being said and
wanted to turn talk to other
channels. But Dan followed up
Marian’s remarks with a short ques-
tion.

 “How long has Tarrton been a
member of our particular set,
Marian ? ”

“Nearly all the time you’ve been
in Mexico. Almost five years. Why?”

 “Well-” Dan gave her a keen

look, and that strange cloud or veil
passed over his deep black eyes. His
tone was jesting, but his face made
me quiver with a revulsion of sick
fear. “The rest of the crowd is all
new to me, Marian,” he went on.
“Even Rick’s lately acquired wife.
Nan. But—if it will make you feel
any easier about Tarrton, I don’t
mind admitting that I—don’t like
him. ’ ’

 “What, Dan? What’s that you
say?” Rick raised inquiring brows
at him. “Why, you never saw him
before, did you?”

  “No.” Dan shook his head soberly.
“I never saw him before. But I’ve
a right to my opinions, I presume.
And I simply don’t like him, that’s
all.”

  His voice chopped off, curtly, and
nobody said anything. We turned
onto the board walk and hurried to
overtake the rest of the party. Be-
fore Cod, I felt that the world was
coming to an end, or that something
equally as cataclysmic was approach-
ing us. The feeling of impending
disaster that had been growing on me
all day swooped down with a roar I
could almost hear. I want to tell you
I was frightened, T was scared stiff,
and I don’t lmow any other way to
say it. I knew, with a strange sicken-
ing certainty, that we were all of us
rushing headlong into a vast, harrow-
200

WEIRD TALES

ing experience, that there loomed
right across our path some horrible, *
ghastly danger.

  It! I could have turned the whole
crowd back right then, I would have
done it. But I knew they would only
laugh at me, and behind my back
decide that I was a very disagreeable
and insulting host. I couldn’t do
anything but go 011, with my feet
feeling like lead, a nauseating empti-
ness at the pit of my stomach that
made me want to retell, and a tension
put on my nerves that made me want
to scream. As we reached the bath
house down the beach where the
others had turned in to dress, and
Rick and the Gladstones followed
them, I held Dan back, my arm still
about his shoulder.

  “Listen here,” I said harshly,
staring at him so doggedly that he
had to meet my gaze finally. He did
it in a kind of sad defiance. “I want
to know what makes you act this way,
Dan!” I demanded. “You’ve put
me in the shivers, and you’ve scared
the daylights out of Marian just by
your thoughts. What in the name of
all that's holy is the matter with you?
You’ll crab the whole party if you
don’t come out of it.”

  “No, it isn’t I who’ll crab your
party.” My young brother held my
eyes with that strange, sad expres-
sion. “And I haven’t anything to
say, further, because I am not sure.
I only have a hunch. I’ve had it for
a long time. All I can say to you is.
for Cod’s sake watch Ben Tarrton!
And—it isn’t because of anything I
fear may happen to him as your
guest, either! Who’s this Natchez
you’ve got up at the lodge?”

  “I’ll tell you later,” I answered.
Jim and Marian were coming out of
the bath house, talking in low, earnest
tones, and I wanted desperately to
attain a casual air before the whole
crowd got together again.

  I don’t know whether I managed it
or not. Marian seemed to have put
by her queer impressions, and the rest

of the party came along presently,
laughing and chaffing each other.
Whatever gloominess may have hung
over me was effectually neutralized
by their giddy banter. We rushed
over to the garage where the cars
were waiting, the luggage all in, and
piled into the seats. I took the wheel
of the big Hammerton eight that
belonged to me, and the others trailed
along in the rear as I stepped on the
gas and turned her loose down the
boulevard. But riding with me, even
closer than Dan, who sat at my side
dark and silent, was a leering evil
presence that made me fairly hunch
over the wheel, my eyes glued to the
road ahead.

2.	Cassimcr Natchez

1 don’t think that either Dan or I
spoke again till we had roared into
town, put up the car and hurried on
to the hotel where the party was
stopping over night. Once we
attained our room, having evaded the
rest of the crowd, I still found it im-
possible to break the ugly silence that
brooded over Dan and me, until he
abruptly reminded me that I was
going to tell him about the caretaker
at the lodge. Relieved at having any
topic of conversation that would keep
me going for any length of time, I
launched into a painstaking descrip-
tion of Natchez.

  Cassimcr Natchez was a tall,
powerfully built man in the middle
forties. His eyes were set into their
sockets in a queerly square orifice.
Even the lines of his face and head
were square, and those same lines
were carried out in the length and
breadth of his big body. The first
time 1 saw him I thought he must be
the kind of man from whom the
cubists chose their prototype. He was
always silent, in a forbidding, callous
manner, as though life had dealt
him so many heartless punches that
he felt no reason for being gracious
to anybody, since he couldn’t trust
THE VENGEANCE OF THE OKA I)

201

anybody. You felt his distrust even
before you saw it in his eyes. A pass-
able civility was the nearest approach
to courtesy he ever attained. But he
was dependable, and Father had
installed him at the lodge and 1 did
not feel exactly licensed to discharge
him just because I didn’t like him,
now that Father was dead and I was
left with a free rein.

  Father was always picking up
queer characters. The way he had
come into touch with Natchez was
characteristic of him. He had found
Cass sitting on a park bench, late one
afternoon as he was hurrying across
the park to hail a taxi and get in out
of the rain. He took a speculative
glance at Natchez, sitting there in
the downpour, wet to the skin,
huddled in a, crouch, trying ineffec-
tually to pull the cork of a small
bottle. Something about Natchez
arrested Father’s attention, and he
stopped abruptly. Father was always
interested in the bench holders.

  “Let me help you,” he offered,
reaching out a hand for the bottle.
“I have a corkscrew in my pocket.”

  He took the bottle from Natchez’s
chilled fingers, while the derelict sat
and stared at him open-mouthed. But
Father didn’t pull the cork. He
threw the bottle violently into the
street, where it smashed against the
curb, and scattered its contents into
the gutter. The man on the bench
leaped up with an angry oath.

  “Why in hell did you do that?”

  “I saw the red skull and cross-
bones on the label, my friend,”
Father told him, quietly, pushing
him back down upon the bench, and
seating himself beside him, forgetting
all about the driving sheets of rain.
“Now, why were von going to do
that?”

  “T’ve no reason for living.”
Nalchez muttered; then he proceeded
to tell Father a long rigmarole about
himself, a conglomeration of the true
and false, I suspect, but gullible old
Father believed every word. He felt

sorry for Natchez, and the upshot of
it was that he installed him as care-
taker at the lodge. IJe had been
there ever since.

  Dan listened silently until I had
finished the account of how Natchez
came to be at the lodge; then he
asked, “Why don’t you like him?”
“I’ve told you,” I answered, with
some impatience. “He’s surly and
uncivil. He’s proved himself depend-
able and honest. But it wouldn't
hurt him to try courtesy for a
change. He’s too damned sour for
his own good.”

 “Maybe lie’s had something to
make him sour,’’.Dan suggested.

  “1 believe he had a daughter.”
That may have been a trifle nasty,
but I’m a bachelor, and none too
trusting in the matter of women. I’ve
always tolerated them, and some ot'
them I’ve liked. But I never loved
any of them, and I failed to see why
any man should. Also, I had a
theory that any man who kept a
woman around continually was let-
ting himself in for a lot of grief. Dan
chuckled.

  “Still the same old woman-hater,
eh? Well, fry to find some good in
this Natchez. I’ve a hunch he may be
a pretty good sort, under the crust.”
“Say, are you crazy?” I demanded,
sourly. “You rave. Here you make
all manner of nasty insinuations
against Ben, whom you Ve never seen
before, and now you’re standing up
for that beast Natchez, and you
haven’t seen him yet. What have you
been drinking? Or is it dope?”
“Neither,” Dan answered, his
sober face making me ashamed of my
testiness. “It's* intuition. Down
there on that job of mine I’ve had a
lot of time to think. I’ve been pretty
much alone. And I’ve been studying
various things. I had to have some-
thing to take up my mind, if I
wanted to preserve my sanity. Among
other things I’ve been delving into
the supernatural. I suppose you’ll
sneer at that.”
202

WEIRD TALES

  ‘ ‘ No. ’ ’ I shook my head, though I
felt suddenly uneasy again. “I don’t
sneer at it, but I don’t put any
credence in it, either. You aren’t
getting to be a spook-ehaser, are
you?”

 He merely looked at me. The
remark had been facetious and trivial
enough to cause him offense, and I
can’t say that I blame him. But I
was so nerve-fagged that I didn’t
have good judgment. The very air
about me was increasingly oppressive.
I could have sworn there were
sulfurous fumes insulting my nostrils
with their fetid effluvia. It made me
dizzy, sick.

 “I know what’s the matter,” I
said abruptly. “I’m sick. Just a
slight megrim. The sea air never did
agree with me any too well. I’ll be
all right once wc reach the lodge,
and that atmosphere up there will
knock the doldrums out of me. Come
on and let’s get to bed. We’re making
an early start tomorrow.”

  Dan did not speak, but he assented
with a nod and began slowly to
undress. I pretended to go almost
immediately to sleep. I didn’t want
to talk any more. I wanted to think
over the incidents of the whole day,
to assault again the baffling problem
of Dan’s strangeness, to strive to
analyze the veil th^t was grown into
a foglike wall between us. He
crawled in beside me, presently, and
pul: out the light. I don’t know
which of us slept the least. I knew
from his breathing now and then that
lie was awake, but I never once let
him know I was awake. It was the
same thing that weighed us both
down, only he knew more of what it
was than I. I only knew that I, like
Marian Gladstone, was afraid.

It was evening of the next day
before we arrived at the lodge,
though wc roared along at a good
pace. I had managed to get in a little
sleep before T got up that morning,
and T wasn’t feeliner too much off my

feed when Dan and I joined the
crowd. There was such a bustle of
getting ready and hurrying to be off
from the hotel that nobody had much
time for imagining things. Then,
again, the morning air was warm and
clear, and it brightened me a great
deal. After I settled down in my car,
with Dan at my side and the back
of the car piled with luggage, I
resolutely kept clear of any subject
that could upset me again—Ben
Tarrton, or Cassimer Natchez, or
supernatural business, or anything
else. I turned the old Hammerton
loose and let her roll. Dan was
content to leave me to my driving
and my thoughts. Part of the time
he dozed. We stopped only once, for
lunch, and then rushed 011 again,
depending 011 being at the lodge in
time for dinner. We made it neatly,
and Natchez came down the steps of
the lodge to open the car doors and
take out the luggage, as we idled
down to a stop before the building.

  “Hello, Natchez,” I greeted him,
throwing open the foredoor and
ignoring his habitual scowl. “How’s
the world treating you? My brother
Dan, Natchez, just up from Mexico.
I wrote you he was coming.”

  Natchez grunted sourly, glanced
past me toward Dan, and his gaze
riveted. His scowl evaporated—that’s
the only way to say it. I never saw
such a change in a man’s face. In
one moment the dour, rude Natchez
I knew was there; then a bright,
astonished look passed across his
features, like the sun coming out from
behind a cloud throwing its rays upon
a mountain. You know what I mean.
You’ve seen sudden sun on a moun-
tain. While the mountain was in the
shadow it looked chill and bleak,
colorless as though it were shrouded
in snow. But the moment the sun
reached it you saw to your amaze-
ment that the mountain was fresh,
alive and green, and that which you
had thought to lie snow was revealed,
as patches of white, fragrant flowers.
THE VENGEANCE OF THE DEAD

203

You’ve had that experience? Well,
that’s what happened to Natchez for
just one moment as he gazed at Dan,
and I heard him mutter, “Borden
Waggener come alive again!”
(Borden Waggener was my father.)
Then the sun was gone from his face,
and the same old grumpy Natchez
acknowledged the introduction sul-
lenly, “How-do.”

  I grinned at Dan as the other cars
came to a stop behind us, and Natchez
began piling out the bags onto the
porch steps. We got out, gratefully
stretching ourselves, and turned to
see that eveiybody had arrived safe.
Then the dogs came running up in a
pack, just as Ben Tarrton stepped
down from Lee’s car and started to
join me. To my astonishment Ben
stopped short, and some of the
fine coloring ebbed from his cheeks.
I stared, and turned to see what
had startled him. He was gazing
straight at the dogs, and they
had come to a halt as abruptly
as he. They were all silent, not
barking and frisking as they usually
did, and the big ugly hounds were in
the lead. Like a pack of wolves, they
herded together, their hackles rising,
their noses snarling and their lips
writhing back from their threatening
teeth.

 “Natchez!” I whirled sharply
upon the caretaker, abruptly un-
strung and thrown back into the
disgusting abyss of apprehension that
had engulfed me the night before.
And at sight of Natchez I shivered
and fought to keep from crying
out. He. too, was staring at Ben
though Ben didn’t see it, with
red, gleaming eyes and snarling lips,
just like the dogs. “Natchez!” T
snapped. “Take those damned dogs
of yours back there and chain them
up! Move! They’re regular savages. ”

  Natchez gave an odd little sigh, a
quick intake of breath, and I saw him
quiver from head to foot. Then again
that lightning change passed over his
face. He was again merely sour old

Natchez. He leaped upon the hounds,
with no more fear than if he had been
blood brother to them, grasped them
firmly by their collars and dragged
them away toward the garage. The
other dogs followed. For a second I
couldn’t take my fascinated eyes
from the caretaker. Twice, in a short
space of moments, I had seen
incredible changes sweep him, just
from his mere looking on another
man. Sight of Dan had softened him
into a fine humanity. Sight of Beu
Tarrton had turned him into a fiend.
I had the time to wish fervently that
we had never come, before common
courtesy drove me to thought of Ben.

  “Don’t mind the hounds, Ben.
Natchez should have had them
chained. I’ll see that he keeps them
chained as long as we’re here.” I
turned to him with the best apology I
could muster. He was still white,
and he dragged his gaze from the
dogs, acknowledging my words with
a smile. But the smile was forced.

  “I’m afraid of dogs. Jesse,” he
said simply. “I always have been.”

  “Well, I’ll see that they bother you
no more,” I assured him.

  That would explain the dog’s
snarling at him, I told myself. They
knew he was afraid of them, and silly
old Natchez was angered at anybody
his dogs didn’t like. He had some
ridiculous theory to the effect that
any man dogs distrusted couldn’t be
of much account. But I knew even
as I armed myself with that explana-
tion that it was sophistry. Dan had
already poisoned me toward Ben.
enough so that I was beginning to
wonder what kind of vice was hidden
beneath his dazzling exterior. I was
impatient with myself for it, but I
knew I had a slightly cool manner as
I motioned Ben to go on up the steps,
and invited the rest of the crowd to
come on into the house.

We all went up the steps
together, and around me T
heard them exclaiming over the
204

WEIRD TALES

beauty of the big log house. It was
more like a sublimated fortress than
a private summer home. The crowd
pattered up the wide steps, and
poured into the hall as I threw open
the door, to come to a chattering
group in the living-room before the
big stone fireplace. Father had
planned the house, and my father had
loved space. The rooms were big, the
ceilings were high, and the fireplace
would take a six foot. log. I had
always loved it before, although I will
admit it had seemed gloomy, in a
lonely way, built as it was in a forest-
on the top of an isolated mountain.

  But now, in spite of the gay chatter
and the ohing and ailing of the
women at the unusual features of the
huge building, it was suddenly more
than gloomy and dark. It was
sinister, brooded over by that same
nameless apprehension that had got
me in its power down on the beach.
Shake it I could not. I was nervous
as a cat. The shadows in the comers
were palpitating with leering, ugly
shapes, that flickered as the flames
from the fireplace threw their light 011
the wall. I heai*d Jane Lee remark
something about the closed door
across the hall, and I glanced at it,
with a feeling of passionate regret.

  Besides the living-room in which
we had gathered there were, on this
side of the entrance hall, two more
rooms, kitchen and dining-room.
Across the hall was a kind of den and
library combined. Adjoining it was
a long room that had been my father’s
private and personal “lair,” as he
called it. It was the door to that
room which was closed, and it should
stay closed. It had been locked since
his death, all the contents of the room
left undisturbed, and 1 took a kind of
melancholy' pleasure in knowing that
the fact would have pleased him.

  As my eyes came back from that
locked door, I became aware that Ben
Tarrton was speaking to me.

   ‘ ‘ What’s the idea, Jesse ? ’ ’ He was
gesturing toward the windows. And

I saw that he had noticed the barri-
cade of heavy steel bars beyond the
panes.

  “Wild animals,” I told him. “The
first caretaker Father had up here
woke one night to the tune of break-
ing glass, to find a panther in the
room. He succeeded in killing the cat
but he died of his wounds. Father
was badly broken up about it and he
immediately installed those bars.
Nothing bigger than a squirrel could
enter this house when the doors are
shut. I should say nothing bigger
than an ant, considering the screens. ’ ’

  The others went on talking volubly
about the house, and I was glad to be
left to my thoughts for a moment. I
looked intently about the interior of
the room. Why did the lodge seem
different to me from what it had been
before? Why was there sullen anger
in the very atmosphere of the Avails?
Why was the odor of death in the air?
With an abrupt determination to get
out into the sunset and shake the
fustiness from my brain, I excused
myself and walked out upon the front
porch. Natchez had chained the
hounds, had put the last car in the
garage, and was coming back to carry
in the luggage.

  As I paused on the top step of the
stairs leading down from the porch,
a l’ough, heavy-set man emerged from
the garage, glanced curiously at me.
and stopped to light a cigarette. I
nodded toward him with my head, as
Natchez came to a halt just below
me, and asked, “Who’s your friend,
Natchez?”

  “Hobo,” Natchez answered shortly,
not even looking at me. “They come
up once in a while from the railroad
and ask for a. handout. This one
drifted along a couple of days ago.
Ex-service man. I felt sorry for him.
So T let him stick around and wash
windows, beat rugs and so on, getting
the house ready for you, to earn his
grub. I’ll send him on about his
business, now you’ve come. But”—
Natcliez hesitated and shot me a dark
THE VENGEANCE OF THE DEAD

205

glance—“even a dirty liobo is com-
pany in this God-forsaken place.”

  “All right, Natchez.” I silenced
him, shortly. I didn’t like his habit
of always ringing in some remark
about the loneliness of the lodge. “I
just wondered. Give him a good din-
ner before you send him off.”

  Natchez nodded, and I turned to go
back into the house. I found that I
didn’t care about the sunset after all.
I was too infernally restless to be sat-
isfied anywhere. As I passed into the
hall I noticed idly that the dogs were
fawning about the tramp, and that
he patted them absent-mindedly. I
heard Natchez call the man to come
and give a hand with the luggage.
Conscious of an idle curiosity to get
a closer look at the stray, I paused in-
side the living-room near the door and
stood watching from the corner of my
eye as Natchez entered the hall fol-
lowed by the other man, both of them
heavily loaded with bags from the
cars.

  On closer inspection the stranger
gave unmistakable evidence of being
a typical example of the genus hobo.
A battered felt hat was cocked on one
side of his head. His coat was frayed
and stained, most of its seams ripped
and showing the dirty lining. He
wore no vest over his ragged shirt,
and a piece of rope did duty for sus-
penders, tied snugly around the
waist of his rumpled and faded
trousers. A heavy growth of stubble
gave his face the uncouth, disreputa-
ble look of a professional tramp. But
even without the stubble the face was
evil enough. Little, ugly, mean eyes,
grotesquely far apart, glared out
from under a low forehead, like an
ape’s. His cheeks were broad and
sunken, his mouth wTide, loose and
obscene, drooling slightly open over
yellowed, tusklike teeth. Oh, he was
a specimen for you! I told myself
right then that I shouldn’t care to
meet him alone on a dark, blowing
night.

  As he passed me I became conscious

 of one thing about him that made me
 turn my face away to hide a smile.
 One incongruous fling at sartorial
 % dignity was in his attire. Stuck into
 his dirty soft shirt collar was a tie—
 one of those cheap, ready-made bow
 affairs with short celluloid nibs on
 each side to hold it in place—though
 it was frankly pinned in place with
 a rusty safety-pin. This particular
 neckpiece was fashioned of bright
 green silk thickly studded with yellow
 polka dots. Natchez, seeing my eyes
 on the tie, leered at me as he went by
 and began to ascend the stairs.

   Just at that moment Ben crossed
 toward me and paused at my elbow.

   “I’d like to run up to my room for
 a moment, Jesse,” he said.

   I was reminded abruptly that I had
 forgotten to tell Natchez in what
 order to place the luggage. I had been
 so upset by my senseless apprehen-
 sions that I was becoming careless in
 my duties as host. I told Ben to come
 right along and I would show him his
 room, that I wanted to speak to Nat-
 chez, anyhow. We went down the
 hall and up the stairs, and I paused
 with a gesture toward the door of the
 room I had intended for Ben. Nat-
 chez and the other man wrere just
 piling the luggage in a heap to one
 side, and I called Natchez to bring
 Mr. Tarrton’s luggage to this room.
 I added directions as to the placing
 of the rest of the luggage in the dif-
 ferent rooms. The hobo stood with
 his back to me, and did not pay any
 attention to what I was saying.

   Ben waited till I had finished giv-
 ing orders to Natchez, then he asked
 quietly, “Shall I go right in, Jesse?”

   I nodded and was about to speak,
 but the words died on my tongue.
 The tramp, hearing the sound of
 Ben’s voice, raised, whirled and
 stared at him. The mean little eyes
 narrowed. The hobo started to say
 something, then clamped his jaws to-
 gether grimly, a sneer on his loose,
 obscene mouth, and his huge hairy
 hands clenched involuntarily. I shot
206

WEIRD TALES

a glance at Ben. Ben was eyeing the
man keenly, slightly puzzled. Then
recognition flashed into Ben’s red-
brown eyes, his handsome face froze
contemptuously, and he abruptly
stepped into the room I had assigned
him and closed the door.

  With a feeling of helpless conster-
nation, I turned and started back
down the stairs. What in God’s
name was the matter with this whole
trip? Things had started going
wrong the moment Dan had laid eyes
on Ben, back there on the beach. Was
the whole world suddenly conspired to
heap on Ben dislike and unpleasant
contacts?

  Cutting sharply into my harassed
thoughts I heard the voice of the hobo
speaking to Natchez, about Ben:
“Damned, insufferable cocky snob!
I’d like to paste him one.”

  “The man is my employer’s guest,”
Natchez cut him short. “You’d
oblige me by holding your tongue.”

  “Well, he’s no guest of mine, damn
him!” the tramp retorted. “He was
my captain overseas, and I’d like to
mess his pretty face for him.”

  Natchez reproved the man sharply,
as I passed beyond range of hearing,
descending the stairs toward the liv-
ing-room. It was with something of
relief that I had caught the hobo’s
last sentence. Ben Had been his cap-
tain overseas. Ben, as an officer,
would have taken no nonsense from
such a human beast, and the tramp
was the exact species of lout to resent
being made to toe the line. I laughed
at myself, rather hollowly, for my
old-womanish fears. I thought I
could see now the whole train of un-
precedented incidents that had put
me in such a state of foolish appre-
hension.

  In the first place, Ben was so well
liked by everybody, as Marian had
said, that I had been shocked by
Dan’s aversion to him. On top of
that Marian had voiced her silly
ideas, and given her own explanation
of them, but I had chosen to put a

deeper meaning to a woman’s whim.
Then the dogs had snarled at him, but
he had explained that by making his
admission that he was afraid of dogs.
The caretaker had snarled at him,
also, but as I have already said, Nat-
chez hated anyone his dogs didn’t
like. The tramp’s reason for dislik-
ing him was already made clear. And

I,	in a hypersensitive state, had mag-
nified every trivial incident and made
mountains where not even molehills
existed.

  And I walked into the living-room
to join my guests, stubbornly laugh-
ing at my idiocy. It was odd that all
those little things had linked to-
gether so swiftly, in such a way as to
impress themselves upon my mind.
But it was only coincidence, and it.
might well be had I not already been
upset a trifle by the strangeness about
Dan that I would never have noted
01* given a second thought to such in-
significant trifles. Yet, even as I
came to a. halt in the living-room, and
glanced over at my brother Dan, I
knew I was lying to myself. Some-
thing hideous was in the air, and all
my bravado and attempt at cold rea-
soning could not exorcise the devils
that had gotten into my brain. What,
I asked myself, with a shudder, wThat
horror was there in the lodge waiting
for us?

•?. The Rising Terror

XTatchez, against the coming of my
■ party, had brought in Chin Hoy
from the city, to cook for us. Chin
and Natchez had their rooms out over
the garage. Chin, who had worked for
me many times before and knew my
tastes, had gotten us a very fine din-
ner that evening, but I hadn’t much
appetite for it. The guests all ate
heartily, except Ben. I noticed that
he wasn’t very hungry, and that, he
refused to take any meat at ail. I
didn’t think much of it then. After
dinner I went out to the garage to
tell Natchez to clean up the cars,
THE VENGEANCE OF THE DEAD

207

since they were rather dusty and some
of the party might want to go driving
early.

  But Natchez, dependable as always,
was already at it, while the hobo stood
leaning against the wall smoking a
cigarette and watching him. Natchez
glanced up at me and nodded shortly,
then ordered the tramp to get into
the tonncau and dust the cushions.

  “Sure.” The fellow climbed into
the car and began folding up the
tumbled rugs. The car wai the Blue
Racer belonging to Matt Lee, in which
the Lees had brought Ben Tarrton.
As he picked up the last of the rugs,
the hobo gave a torse sneering excla-
mation and held up a small, flat alli-
gator bag. ‘‘Here’s one we missed,
Natchez. Accordingto the tag it belongs

to that dirty, lousy-Tarrton.”

  Natchez gave him a warning scowl,
but I, mostly curious to see what he
would say, asked him a question in
feigned surpi*ize.

  “Are you acquainted with Mr.
Tarrton?”

  “Am I acquainted with Mr. Tarr-
ton!” He mimicked me contemp-
tuously. “I cert.’nly am. He was my
captain overseas, damn him!”

  “Well, that didn’t hinder him from
being a good officer, I should think,”
I answered curtly.

  Natchez cackled sourly at the
thrust, but the tramp leaned over the
door of the car, his face darkening
with venom.

   ‘ ‘ Good officer! Say, I got my fill of
that guy at Brest. He was nothing
but a damned cocky S. O. S. Why,
we th rowed rocks at his kind at the
front. A lot of guys like him got
theirs in the trenches, and it wasn’t
from no Dutchman’s bullet, either!
Ain’t nothin’ a doughboy hates like

bein’ lorded over by some lousy-”

  “Maybe you deserved it,” I said
coldly. T wanted now only to shut
him up. He had said enough to show
me exactly what I wanted to know.

There was no fetid horror under his
dislike of Ben. But he was not to be
prevented from having his say. He
hated Ben with a virulent hatred, and
my sarcasm had goaded him. His lips
writhed in a vile grimace over his yel-
low' tusks of teeth, his little eyes
sparked red with fury, and his voice
raised in a loathsome leer.

  “Deserved it—hell! I was in the
army ten years before the war. I
know a real officer when I see one.
When we was at the debarkation
camp, our nerves in tatters, he had the
face to rag us. 1 couldn’t hardly
keep my place in ranks, and he yelled
at me, ‘Dress .that piece! You,
Sneath! Don’t you know enough to
hold that piece straight? Hold up
your head! How long have you been
in the army?’ I couldn’t hold my
bead up. I was half dead from fter-
man gas, and he knew it. He handed
me the worst crack you can pull on a
doughboy. I nearly pasted him one
right there. But that wasn’t nothing!
It was what I seen at the front. Him,
out in No Man’s Land Avhen he did-
n’t know I saw him. The damned,
dirty-”

  Sneath’s curses dribbled off into a
gibber, and suddenly his face was
pasty with the horror of something
he had seen.

  “Well, forget it!” I interrupted
him with sharp finality, shrinking in
spite of myself at the abysmal loath-
ing and terror in his eyes. I forced
myself to reach toward him. “Give
me that bag. I’ll take it in.” lie
handed it to me, dumbly, and I
whirled and got out of there.

  I was shaking as I went up the
front steps. What—what had Sneath
seen at the front, out in No Man’s
Land, that could even yet fill his eves
with unspeakable horror and whiten
the face of a man as thick-skinned as
he?

  I don’t know how I ever got into
the hall and deposited that bag. All
my horror was on me again. But
208

WEIRD TALES

some way I did it, and got to Ben’s
room and placed the bag just inside
his door.

  As I came downstairs the guests
were going out to sit on the veranda
and watch the last light ebb from the
sky. I trailed along reluctantly,
slumped into a chair near the steps,
and tried to find some contact with
the commonplace through the act of
packing and lighting my pipe. They
were all chattering and having a gay
time, fluttering around Ben like flies
around honey, and paying little at-
tention to me.

  We had been there but a few min-
utes when the fellow Sneath came
from the garage and started down the
road, the dogs at his heels. He paused
to order the animals back, but the
setter wagged a.conciliating tail and
refused to go a step, while the police
dogs and the collies stopped in the
road and eyed him speculatively.

  Amused, the irrepressible Matt Lee
Called to him, “You leavin’ us, bo?
I .see you’ve made friends with the
idogs.”

   ‘ ‘ Yeh, looks like it. ’ ’ Sneath glanced
lip at Lee, as he made the enigmatic
answer, then turned to yell toward
tlie garage: “Hey! Natchez! Call
your dogs.”

  Natchez appeared in the garage
'door, and at his peremptory order the
dogs gave a last sniff at Sneath and
trotted back obediently toward their
master. The tramp started down the
road again, and with a queer feeling
oi' pity for the fellow I hailed him.

  He hesitated, turned and walked
back toward me. I rose and went
down the steps. Pulling a bill from
my pocket I pressed it into his grimy
palm, wishing him luck. I knew my
back was to the guests on the porch,
and they could not witness my action.
Sneath’s sullen, unkempt face lighted
in pleased surprize, and an excuse
for a smile tightened the loose mouth;
then he pocketed the bill and turned
to pass 011 down the road, while I re-
joined my guests on the veranda.

  “Surly devil, isn’t he?” Rick
Boyce commented as I took my chair.
“Did you see the way he glanced at
you, Ben?”

  I frowned. I was hoping they
hadn’t seen the one malignant flash
of Sneath’s eyes.

  “Yes. I noticed,” Ben answered,
with a shrug. “He was in my com-
pany overseas. He belongs to the riff-
raff—one of the insolent breed carry-
ing a perpetual peeve for anyone in
more fortunate circumstances. It was
fellows like him who got it in for the
officers and threatened to get even
when they were in civvies, and all
that rot. Pity of it is, it wasn’t all
rot. This fellow, Sneath, threatened
to do for me and my first lieutenant,
Jimmy Willotson. Somebody did kill
Willotson, after we came back, but the
murderer was never caught.”

  “But that’s an exceptional case,
isn’t it?” Matt Lee asked.

  “Oh, yes.” Ben nodded. “A lot
of the men had it in for Willotson.
A lot of them threatened to get him.
But most of them were like this bum,
Sneath. They’d bluster around and
make all kinds of mouthy threats, but
they hadn’t the courage to do any-
thing.”

  “And did you see the trick tie?”
Lee, the inexpugnable, rose to make
a sweeping bow. ‘ ‘ Some class to that
gink! A rope belt and a polka dot
tie! Oh, Kelly with the green neck-
tie!”

  Everybody laughed at him, and
Ben suggested suddenly that as it was
getting cold out there, maybe we’d
better go in by the fire. It was get-
ting cold, all right, but hardly cold
enough to make Ben shiver. It came
to me sharply that he looked thin,
that some of the glow about him
had faded, that some of his marvel-
ous color had ebbed from his
face. I made a mental note that
I must have Chin Hoy cook up
some especial dainty for him to-
morrow, to tempt his appetite. I
couldn’t afford to let him get to ail-
THE VENGEANCE OF THE DEAD

209

ing on my hands when I had brought
him up hei’c for a lark; not the much-
loved Ben! The women would be
ready to hang me if I didn’t take care
of their common Prince Charming.

  I followed the party crowd into the
house, noting with relief that Dan had
joined in their banter to an appre-
ciable extent, and that his manner
had lightened decidedly. Nothing of
any consequence occurred during the
evening, and I sat staring into the
fireplace, listening to their talk, and
gradually telling myself enough rea-
sonable blah to smooth out the kinks
in my brain.

It was nearing 11 o’clock when the
guests began to tire, and thought
they’d better turn in, since they’d
risen unusually early enough to make
them sleepy unusually early. They
bade me good-night and trooped off
to their rooms, but I sat on in front
of the open grate, conscious that Dan
alone had remained with me, sunk in
a big leather chair across the hearth.

  I continued stubbornly smoking in
silence, keeping my eyes averted from
my younger brother’s dark brooding
face. I had finally gotten everything
all explained away to suit me, or
thought I had, and I was determined
that I wouldn’t make any comment
or ask any question to get him going
again. He seemed to be more like
himself, and I certainly wanted him
to stay that way. And then he sud-
denly asked:

  “Just who is this Ben Tarrton,
Jesse? What’s he ever done to dis-
tinguish himself?”

  “Why, nothing—that I know of,”
I had to admit. “He has more money
than he knows what to do with.
Doesn’t go in for any of the arts.
Never worked a lick in his life. Fol-
lows athletics mildly. Just rolls
along making a good fellow of him-
self and being agreeable. He’s really
a darned fine chap, but I suppose
you’d call him light.” I was battling
for the casual, you see. Dan foiled me.

  ‘‘I’d also call him a liar,” he said
grimly.

  “A—what?” I staxed at him, won-
dering if I had heard aright.

  “That’s what I said—a liar. You
heard me the first time.” The ugly
light was in Dan’s eyes again, and
his mouth was set in a harsh line.
“He said he was to join Markelle the
twenty-fourth. I dropped into Mark-
elle’s office day before yesterday, to
say hello to him. He remarked that
he hoped we’d have a good time up
here, was glad he could change his
plans so both your party and his could
have Tarrton.”

 “Yes?” I frowned. “But that’s
exactly what Ben said.”

 “Not exactly,” Dan corrected.
“Markelle told me he was to sail on
the eighteenth as he had planned, and
was putting in on the Florida coast
to pick up Tarrton the twelfth of
next month. What I’m wondering is
where that bird is going on the
twenty-fourth. ’ ’

  “But why the devil should Ben lie
about it?” I asked, assailed by swift
and fearsome doubts.

 “How should I know?” Dan
shrugged, and got to his feet. “Say,
Jesse, I’d like to go in Father’s oid
room for a few minutes.” I started
to rise, but he waved me back. “No,
just give me the key. I’d rather go
alone. ’ ’

  I sank back in my chair, nodded
and handed him the key. I felt that
I understood. He wanted to be alone
with his memories in there, to renew
touch with our father in close com-
munion. He took the key and went
away from me, and presently 1 heard
the turn of a lock, and the sound of
the door closing behind him. Then
all was still in the big, gloomy old
house. The fire was dying down in
the grate, and the candles were burn-
ing low in their holders. It was grow-
ing cold, and I decided I’d turn in.
I was on the point of rising and lock-
ing up the house when I heard the
loud sound of running feet, and Chin
210

WEIRD TALES

Hoy burst in the front door. I got
quickly to my feet and went to meet
him.

  “Natchez is sick like the devil,” he
told me, panting, his almond eyes
wide and frightened. “You come, no?”
I followed him out without waiting
to speak to Dan. Besides, I was re-
luctant to bother Dan right then.
Chin Hoy led me on a run to the
garage, and up to the rooms whei*e he
and Natchez slept. The caretaker lay
on his bed, his face as colorless as that
of the dead, his eyes closed. I bent
over him, startled, and felt of his
pulse. He was cold and clammy, and
his pulse was barely discernible. I
could only faintly hear the slow thud
of his heart. I was shocked. He
looked to be 011 the very borderline.
I turned to Chin Hoy swiftly.

  “How long has he been like this?”
“No can say.” Chin Hoy’s pop-
ping eyes stared from me to Natchez.
“Him go bed allee same hour ago.
Him yell. Him groan. Me allee same
scared, come see. Ketchum likee that.
Call you. ’ ’

  “Well, I’ll have to get a doctor,” I
cut in. “The man’s nearly dead.
Must be his heart. You stay here with
him and I’ll go for the town doctor.
No use in rousing the whole house. It
wouldn’t do any good. You stay right
here, Chin.”

  Chin nodded and sat down stiffly in
a chair by the bed. I made another
rapid examination of Natchez, then
rushed back to the house to tell Dan
what was up.

  My brother had returned to the
living-room and was standing before
the fire, his dark face in shadow, his
brooding eyes on the wall. I told him
that Natchez was sick and that I was
off for the village doctor. He nodded,
asked if there was anything he could
do, and dropped easily into the big
leather chair.

  “Nothing but lock up the house,”
I told him. “And lock it from garret
to cellar. Dan, hell’s loose here to-

night or I’m mad. Lock every door
and shoot every bolt. ’ ’

  Dan sat up suddenly in his chair
and leaned toward me, his face tense
and his black eyes blazing. “ I ’11 lock
up, all right, Jesse. But there are
some hells over which steel bars,
screened windows, bolts and locks
have no power.”

  I chose to make no answer to that.
Even as he spoke the room was alive
with shouting, leering shadows, yet I
heard no sound—I only knew they
were there: great, loathsome, obscene
shapes that whirled about him in a
ghostly carmagnole. But I could only
whirl on my heel and rush away. I
didn’t dare stay. The whole world
was swiftly becoming an insane place,
wherein a. man with cool senses could
find 110 haven. From the hall I
snatched topcoat and gloves, and
dashed out into the night. I raced
down the front steps, slammed open
the garage doors, backed the Ham-
merton out, turned it and slid down
the road as quietly as I could, so that I
might not alarm our guests, yet striv-
ing to get away from there as fast as
I could move.

  The powerful lights of the car
picked out the gravel road like a metal
river running ahead of me, and as I
got farther from the house I stepped
on the gas with a fierce craving for
speed. I came to a. turn in the road,
not a half-mile from the lodge, and
slowed for it. As I rounded again to
the straightaway I saw some dark
object lying in the edge of the brush
lining the roadway. I shoved down
the brake and threw my spotlight on
the object. It was the body of an
animal, and as 1 came abreast of it 1
was aware that, it was Cassimer Nat-
chez’s collie. I brought the car to a
halt, intending to throw the body in
the car and take it back and bun- it
decently, for I could see that the dog
was dead.

  I slipped out from under the wheel,
hurried over to it, and started to pick
THE VENGEANCE OF THE DEAD

211

it up. Then I stopped stock-still in
horror. The poor brute’s throat had
been torn wide open. Around the
dog’s neck there was a wide band of
white, as is common in collies. And
on that white fur there was a welter-
ing splotch of blood. I bent closer,
staring at the limp body in the glare
of my spotlight, unable for a moment
to understand. Then I started back
with a sick gasp as I comprehended
it. The throat had been torn open by
huge teeth. A panther must have
killed the poor beast, and my lights
must have driven him away from the
dog’s body. The blood wras still ooz-
ing out of the wound.

  No, I would never take that hideous
carcass back to Natchez. I picked it
up and hurled it far out of sight back
in the brush, rushed back to my car,
shaking like a leaf, crowrded myself
under the wheel and let in the clutch.
I knew my face must have been
ghastly, but it was not strange that it
should be so. Had I said the world
wTas becoming insane? It was becom-
ing a vast welter of nauseous, filthy
madness, in which anything might
happen and in which I could find
nothing to which I might cling and
save myself alive. What in the name
of heaven could have killed that poor
dog unless it was a panther? Yet
memory reminded me that panthers
had long been extinct in that terri-
tory. What wild and nameless terror
was loose on this mountain ? This
mountain that had always been so
peaceful and restful to m37 father in
the past ?

T let the old Hammerton out to fifty
■*- miles on that mountain road, not
caring what ruts 01* bumps were in
the way. The Hammerton was heavy;
it would hold the road regardless of
its roughness. Far ahead of me I
heard a high scream, and I stepped on
the brake involuntarily as I let up
the gas pedal. The car slowed so
abruptly that the tires scraped, and
rocked to a mere crawl. Again I

heard the scream. I am not ashamed
to admit that I was afraid to stop the
car entirely. I was about to step on
the gas again, when I saw a figure
stagger out of the brush and halt in
front of me, waving arms that formed
a signal for me to stop. Then I did
stop, with something of relief. It
was Sneath.

  As the car came to a halt, he
waddled out of the road and came up
to the door, and I saw that he was
drunk. He leaned close, seeing my
face by the dashlight, and my relief
faded in another swoop of horror.
His eyes wTere staring, his loose
mouth jabbering insane, meaningless
phrases. The man had been fright-
ened almost into madness, and per-
haps the only thing that had kept
him from insanity was the fact that
he was so infernally drunk that not
even his terror had sobered him.
Recognizing me, he calmed a little.

  “For Gawd’s sake let me into the
car with yuh!” he begged, fairly
slobbering in entreaty. “Gimme a
lift to the tool house on the track.
Gawd—I seen him do it again!”

  I motioned for him to get into the
tonneau, and he fairly leaped over
the door and fell sprawling on the
cushions, jabbering and mouthing to
himself that he had seen somebody
again.

  I turned in the seat and barked at
him, “You saw what—whom! Talk
sense, man. What’s the matter with
you? What did you see?”

  He cowered on the rear seat,
gibbering. “I seen him, I tell yuh!
Back there by the road, maybe half
an hour ago—maybe a hundred
years. And he was doin’ it again!”
His voice rose almost to a scream, the
scream I had heard before I stopped
my car. “He was doin’ it again!”

  “Doing what!” I shouted furiously,
feeling the hair rising on my scalp.
“Whom did you see? And what was
he doing?”

  “That damn’ captain,” Sneath
moaned. “That pretty-faced hell-
212

WEIRD TALES

hound! He—lie”—his voice rose into
that unearthly scream again—“he
was doin’ like I seen him doin’ in
No Man’s Land. Only—only—there
it was men he killed—and this time
it was—Natchez’s eollie-dog.”

  I stared, utterly frozen stiff with
horror. Then cold sober sense came
again to my aid. The man had the
D.T.’s! I shouted at him again,
shaking myself violently into action,
and reaching for the wheel.

  “You're drunk, crazy drunk, you
damned fool! Where’d you get the
whisky?”

  “Out of your cellar,” lie whim-
pered. “Natchez gimme it.”

  “Well, you’re drunk!” I. sneered
at him, half insane myself. “And
you’re crazy in the bargain. Tarrton
was in bed asleep two hours ago.”
“Yeh, and he was in his dugout
asleep when we seen him chan gin ’ into
a wolf among the dead men, too, my
buddy and me!” Sneath came back
crazily. “But we seen him—and if
my buddy was alive he’d back me up

in-’ ’

  “Shut up!” I roared.

  And mavbc I didn’t step 011 the
gas then! I wanted nothing so much
as to get to the railroad track and
ditch that drunken madman at the
tool house where he had asked to be
taken. I wasn’t ten minutes in
reaching it, stopping the car and
ordering him out.

  “Yeh, I’ll go,” he slobbered at me,
threateningly, as he climbed over the
door and dropped heavily to the
ground. “But I’m cornin’ back to
that damn’ lodge of yours and stick
a knife in that guy, like I done to

Willotson. Him and Willotson was
hell-hounds together. I seen ’em, I
tell yuh, turnin’ to wolves, and killin’
and killin’ just for the fun of it. I
followed ’em for hours before I got
sick and fainted. And I followed
Willotson two years before I finally
got him-”

  ‘ ‘ Get away from there! ” I bel-
lowed. I couldn’t stand any more.

  I jammed down the gas pedal and
let in the clutch. The old Ilammerton
shot ahead like a locomotive, with a
madman at the throttle. I tell you
I was mighty close to being a mad-
man ! The ghastly horror of Sneath’s
mouthings had shaken me to the soul.
Not that I believed any such out-
landish impossibilities for even a
fraction of a second, but I was sick
to death at the mere thought of such
horrors being conjured up even in
the drink-sick brain of a beast like
Sneath.

  I’ll never know how I managed to
reach the town, only to find that, the
only doctor there was sick in bed him-
self with a bad attack of smallpox,
and I had to turn around and race
back to the lodge alone. I wondered
how I’d find Natchez, if he’d be still
alive or if I’d find that the sluggish
heart in his breast was stopped.
Within a mile of the lodge I heard a
sound that chilled my spine and made
my hair stiffen, on my scalp. The
dogs were howling, with an aAvful,
frightened howl. What terror was
among them now? Was the ghastly
bloodthirsty monster that had killed
the collie after another victim ? Up
the road I tore, the gas pedal down
to the last notch.

The ghastly and terrible happenings at the lodge will
be told next month in the concluding
chapters of this story
% BRASS
KEY w * *

HALKWELUS

“Then came darkness and
the spider horde.”

IN THE home of Foo Chong,
merchant prince of Los Angeles’
Chinatown, there were two
strange rooms. The keys to their
two locked doors Avere carried only
by Foo Chong himself.

  Foo Chong had first planned the
rooms six months ago when they
brought to him the broken body of
his son, AAUth an expression stamped
upon the sensitive, old-ivory features
of the motherless youth which
threatened a fate rather Avorse than
death. When days and then weeks
slipped by, sealing the verdict of the
Pacific Coast’s foremost brain spe-
cialists, Foo Chong smiled sadly and
ordered that the tAvo rooms be pre-
pared.

  The first of the rooms of mystery

was equipped as a playroom. Its
gaily figured walls, its pictures and
furnishings, the toys scattered care-
lessly on the floor—all were of the
kind that would appeal to a very
young child. Yet the youth for
Avhom the room Avas prepared Avas
nearly twenty, in years on the very
threshold of manhood.

  But Foo Chong’s only son Avould
be as a very young child for the
rest of his life, the eminent brain
surgeons had said. The jagged scar
beneath the crisp black hair had
healed months before, but the deeper
injury that the crashing impact of
that cruel 1)1oav had Avrought could
never be healed. The youth Avould
always be content with his toys on
the floor of the nursery room.
214

WEIRD TALES

 The second of the two rooms,
though it required days of work to
construct, and weeks to equip com-
pletely, was intended for less than a
single night’s occupancy. The guest
upon whom such a signal honor was
to be bestowed was “Bull” Partlow.

  Tt was late in the evening and Foo
Chong was spending his usual hour
in the nursery with his son when a
servant came with word that Bull
Partlow' had at last been brought
to the place. Rising from his place
on the floor beside the slight silken-
clmd figure who was absorbed in con-
structing queer little houses from a
set of American building-blocks, Foo
Chong carefully closed the door of
the room behind him and joined his
servant in the hall.

  “We found him who is called ‘the
Bull’ at the drill kin g-place of Black
Manuel in San Pedro,” the niau told
his master. “ ‘The Bull’ had but
just, returned this morning with his
ship from a long cruise to Tahiti and
other islands of the Southern Seas.”
“Is he badly hurt?”

  “He bears no injury save from the
drug which we slipped into his
drink. He knew nothing of the long
automobile ride which brought him
here, and he only now begins to re-
cover his senses from the drug.”
“You have done yell.” Foo Chong
commended, and handed the servant
a key. “Take him to the little room
with the steel door. Bind him tight-
ly to the chair within, but with his
back to the glass case in the floor.
Remove every particle of his cloth-
ing, even his shoes. Then rub his
body well with the ointment which is
in a stone jar by the chair. Place
his watch beside the dagger on the
little table.

  “Then stay with him until I come.
And. if you value your reason,” he
warned, “or your life itself, touch
nothing in the room save as 1 have
directed! ’’

  With a nod of understanding, the
servant was gone.

  Foo Chong returned to the nur-
sery. “Come, my son,” he said
gently. “It is time to go to bed.”

 The youth obediently left his
blocks where they had fallen and al-
lowed Foo Chong with tender, prac-
tised hands to undress him as though
he were a babe in arms. Then, after
he was tucked into bed, the boy
smiled contentedly and dropped off
into sleep with the swift ease of a
tired child.

  Foo Chong stepped softly over to
a corner of the room. For a moment
he touched with caressing fingers the
carefully arranged instruments laid
ont there on a drawing-board, placed
there in a vain hope that their once-
loved shapes might bring a ray of
light to the boy’s darkened brain.
As he idly fingered the T-square and
the compasses, Foo Chong thought
sadly of those days when his son’s
keen young mind and sensitive fin-
gers were being trained for the mod-
em magic of a structural engineer.

  Foo Chong sighed as he closed and
locked behind him the door of the
nursery room. Then he went to his
reckoning with “Bull” Partlow.

It was a strange little room which
had been built behind the second
locked door. From the center of its
ceiling there was suspended a single
electric light bulb. The walls were
without windows or visible openings
of any kind, except for a thin line of
latticework grating near the top.
Otherwise, their flat gray surfaces
were as bare as those of a prison cell.
Scattered about the little room at
apparent random were half a dozen
small pieces of intricately carved
Chinese furniture.

  In 1he exact center of the floor,
directly under the solitary light, a
vivid white circle a yard and a half
in diameter had been painted. With-
in this circle a peculiar glass case,
with a heavy glass lid, was set into
the floor. In size and shape it was
THE BRASS KEY

215

not nnlike a cheese-box. Its interior
fairly swarmed with horrid life.

  Foo Chong’s entrance was greeted
with a flood of foul-mouthed protest
and profane abuse from the hulking,
apelike figure who was bound to a
chair between the glass case and the
door. Foo Chong nodded a brief dis-
missal to the servant. Then, with
folded arms, he studied his captive
in silence for a moment.

 The mark of the beast was
stamped indelibly upon the heavy
features of the man before him. The
full lips, squat nose, and heavy lower
jaw hinted at the mixture of races
which had produced an ideal speci-
men of harbor bruiser and deep-
water bully. The bulging muscles
on mighty shoulders and powerful
torso bespoke the origin of the name,
"Bull.” His naked body smelled
pungently of the strangely scented
ointment with which it had been
rubbed.

  "And so you are Bull Partlow.”
Foo Chong’s voice was very quiet.
“The Bull Partlow upon whose ship
my son stowed away six months ago,
for the adventure of a trip up the
coast from San Pedro to Portland?”

  "I didn’t know the whelp was
yours,” growled the bound giant in
surly defiance.

  “That matters not. You do know
that my son never got to Portland.
He was found on the waterfront at
San Francisco, with his skull frac-
tured, and at the point of death. For
you had found him in his hiding-
place, Partlow, and dragged him out
to work his passage. That was not
amiss. But when my son’s strength
failed him at the unaccustomed la-
bor, you beat him. Then, Avhen he
fell to the deck unconscious from
your blows, you kicked him in the
head. He did not regain conscious-
ness, and, becoming frightened, you
left him at San Francisco to die.”

  “I didn’t kick him in th’ head!”
Partlow protested thickly. “He hit

his head again’ somethin’ when he
fell.”

  Foo Chong leaned forward and
gazed deep into the other’s eyes.
For a long moment their wills met
and battled. Then Partlow sudden-
ly looked away with a muttered
oath.

  “Aw, what’s the difference?” he
snarled. “Yeh, I did it—I kicked
him.” Then, squaring his shoulders
with a return of bravado, ‘ ‘ What ’re
yuh gonna do about it? Th’ kid
didn’t die, did he?”

  “No, my son did not die,” agreed
Foo Chong softly. "It would have
been better if he had.”

  There was another long moment
of silence, until Partlow began to
fidget uneasily. Then Foo Chong’s
even tones continued.

  “I am going to exact the price of
your evil act from you, Partlow. I
have prepared a little game of wits
which you and I shall play.”

  Keeping carefully away from his
bound captive’s hands, Foo Chong
spun the other’s chair about until
Partlow faced the glass case. Then
he watched the man’s face blanch in
sudden terror as he saw the fearful
contents of the case for the first time.

  There was ample reason for Part-
low’s fear. A frail glass case filled
with living specimens of the great
tree spider of Papua is not a pleasant
sight to see suddenly at one’s very
feet. With sprawling, hairy legs
spanning seven inches, and bloated
pursy body two inches in length, the
creature is a monstrous abnormality
which only the nightmare depths of
a tropical jungle could spawn.

  The glass ease literally swarmed
with the great spiders. Its floor and
its glass walls were carpeted every-
where with the surging silken-brown
creatures. In the stillness of the
cell-like room the slithering sound of
the myriad groping legs was faintly
audible as the horde surged in cease-
less activity over the smooth walls
of the cage.
216

WEIRD TALES

  ‘ * Some where within the four walls
of this little room,” Foo Chong ex-
plained quietly, ‘‘is hidden a small
key of brass. It is possibly two
inches in length, and has a handle
in the design of a scroll. It is the
key to the door. If you succeed in
finding it you are free to go when
you will, unmolested.

  “You have two hours in which to
search for the key. At the end of
that period the timing mechanism of
the case will cause the lid to rise, and
the spiders will be liberated into the
room. As the lid of the case rises,
the light will be extinguished. Your
body has been anointed with an oil
which is a natural lure for the
spiders. It should be only a moment
or so in the darkness before the horde
is swarming over your bare skin.
The least tampering with the case, if
you even touch a finger inside the
white circle on the floor, will bring
the end at once.

  “But there is one alternative.”
Foo Chong gestured to where a
heavy dagger of Oriental workman-
ship rested on the polished top of a
small table. “If your search for the
key is in vain, and your courage
fails you as the light darkens and
the spiders come forth, the blade of
the dagger may bring you a quicker
and more merciful release—if you
care to take it.

 “You have two hours. Then, if
your search fails, you face either the
spiders or the knife. It should be an
interesting game, Part low.”

  As Foo Chong finished, Partlow
with an effort forced his gaze from
the spider cage at his feet and twist-
ed in his chair to look his captor in
the face. The deep-set eyes of “the
Bull” were clouded as his slow brain
seemed to struggle to realize the sit-
uation. Then realization apparently
came, and stark murder flamed sud-
denly in the smoldering eyes.

  With a sudden convulsive strain-
ing of every muscle in his powerful
body. Partlow wrenched himself to

his feet as though the heavy chair
to which he was bound were a toy,
and hurled himself at Foo Chong in
one desperate, mighty effort to crush
and destroy the slight figure before
him. The attempt failed by inches.
Warned by the flash in the other’s
eyes, Foo Chong stepped swiftly
aside. Even as the bound figure
crashed to the floor, Foo Chong
clanged shut the steel door of the cell
behind him.

  As Foo Chong entered his own
room next door he glanced at the
clock on the table before throwing
the switch that set in motion the
timing mechanism of the spider cage.
Eleven o’clock. At 1, the mechan-
ism would function, if it were not
disturbed before.

Tpoo chong turned out the light.

  then crossed the room and as-
cended a short, flight of steps leading
to a small platform high up along
the wall which separated the room
from the cell next door. A cunning-
ly concealed opening in the grating
near the ceiling of the cellroom en-
abled Foo Chong, though impossible
of discovery himself, to see and hear
every detail in Partlow’s prison as
though he were actually with him.
Leaning forward in his chair on the
platform, Foo Chong settled himself
patiently to his long watch.

  Brief though the interval had
been, Partlow had nearly freed him-
self from the bonds that lashed him
to the wrecked chair. The last of
the weakened strands snapped in one
mighty effort, and “the Bull”
shambled to his feet.

  For a brief time he stood there,
half crouched, with long arms tensed
at his sides, his groat chest rising
and falling from his recent exertions,
and his little blodshot, eyes darting
swift glances to either side like
those of an animal at bay. Then,
as the minutes passed without event,
his tension gradually relaxed.

  Then, as though finally deciding
THE BRASS KEY

217

that he was really left to his own
devices, he went into action. Step-
ping over to the door he gave a ten-
tative wrench at the handle, then
beat testingly upon it with his hands.
Not satisfied, he swept up the heavy
chair to which he had been bound
and, swinging it lightly aloft, rained
crashing blows upon the door.

  The heavy piece of furniture splin-
tered into kindling wood 011 the steel
panel. Apparently realizing then
the futility of escape in that direc-
tion, Partlow began ranging the
four walls with the quick, restless
tread of a caged jungle beast. He
began a careful series of blows upon
the walls as high as he could reach,
striking with the heel of his hand
and listening for the hollow sound
which might denote a weak spot. He
found none.

  Then, for the first time since Foo
Chong had left the room, Partlow’s
gaze returned to the cage of the
spiders. The sight of the writhing
brown horde within its glass walls
had the electrical effect of a dash of
ice-cold water. Snatching up his
watch from its resting-place beside
the dagger on the little table, he
scanned the face of the instrument
with feverish interest.

  Fifteen minutes had gone.

  Partlow licked lips that seemed to
have gone suddenly dry, and began
to search for the key in earnest.

  He studiously kept, his gaze avert-
ed from the cage of the spiders as
he set to work upon the bizarre fur-
niture of the cell. There were six
pieces in all. They included the
little table where the dagger and the
watch rested, the chair to which he
had been bound, and four pieces
whose myriad drawers and compart-
ments might have adapted them for
almost any purpose. Except for the
chair, all ihe pieces were of Oriental
design and workmanship, Avith their
intricately carved surfaces and re-
cesses offering hiding-places for a
hundred keys.

  Selecting a piece at random, Part-
low searched swiftly through its vis-
ible drawrers and compartments. At
the. end of his fruitless search, with
a dozen or more empty receptacles
strewn about him on the floor, ho
paused for a moment, baffled.

  Then his groping fingers blun-
dered upon a hidden spring. He
grunted in satisfaction as a tiny se-
cret drawer slid open. The grunt
changed to a muttered curse when
he found the drawer empty, but the
incident spurred him on to renewred
efforts.

  The piece proved to be literally
honeycombed with secret drawers
and nooks w’hich came to light as
the concealed springs were pressed
by Partlow’s clumsy fingers. But, one
by one, the hidden spaces proved
empty, and without trace of the brass
key.

  The possibilities of the first pieco
apparently exhausted, Partlow'
passed on to the next. The second
piece of furniture was nearly as well
equipped with hidden niches as the
first, but the search for the key con-
tinued fruitless. Save for an occa-
sional disappointed oath, the search-
er worked in grim and tense silence.
At constantly shortening intervals
he glanced at the watch, setting to
work again each time with a new
and more feverish energy as he
noted the passing of the precious
minutes.

  Twelve o’clock. Only one hour
more.

  Every piece of the six had been
ransacked without result. In grim
desperation Partlow now' began
work on the skeleton framewrork of
the furniture, tearing the joints
apart with his bare hands.

  A quarter past 12.

  Partlow’s face showed that the
strain was beginning to tell. Streams
of sweat bathed his swarthy fea-
tures. His heavy lips began to
creep back from his teeth in a set
snarl of terror. Heedless of sharp
218

WEIRD TALES

edges and jagged splinters, he con-
tinued to tear at the wooden frag-
ments with raw, bleeding fingers in
feverish and ever growing despera-
tion.

  Twelve-thirty. Only half an hour
more.

  Partlow’s nerve seemed breaking
with ghastly swiftness, until he
threatened momentarily to give way
blindly to sheer panic. The watcher
in the room next door sighed softly.
Foo Chong might almost have felt
compassion for that, pitiable figure in
the cell had it. not been for another
image which loomed before him—
that of the other room with a locked
door, where a slender youth with
listless eyes spent his days putting
together endless little houses of
building-blocks.

  Only thirty minutes left in which
to find the precious key of brass, and
it seemed that every possible hiding-
place in the cell had been searched.
But, after all—was there not at least
one place left untouched? Appar-
ently struck by a sudden thought,
Partlow glanced tentatively at the
cage of the spiders.

   Visibly shaken at the sight., he
shuddered. But he steeled himself
to look again, his eyes staring and
intent as they searched for a telltale
glint of brass beneath that surging
horde of pursy brown bodies and
writhing legs. Slowly and unwill-
ingly he forced himself to approach
the case more closely.

  Finally he was kneeling on the
floor beside it, his hands resting just
outside the warning white circle.
His face was not a yard from the
glass of the ease itself. The prox-
imity nearly proved fatal.

  As he gazed at the horrid inhab-
itants of the cage sprawling in hid-
eous array so near his eyes, Part-
low’s swarthy features slowly went
ashen. His lips opened in horror
while, with fascinated eyes staring
with hypnotic intentness, he began
slowly swaying back and forth,

threatening momentarily to topple
over on the case in utter collapse.

  Foo Chong watched breathlessly
as the seconds passed and a prema-
ture climax loomed imminent. Then,
at the last moment, Partlow
wrenched his gaze away as though
breaking a physical bond, and threw
himself backward from the case.

'C'OR the next quarter of an hour it

*	was little more than a madman
who raged up and down within the
confines of the cell—a. madman who
beat wildly upon door and walls with
clenched fists, and who chattered
mingled curses and prayers as he
pawed frenziedly with bleeding fin-
gers among the scattered scraps of
wood in a last sobbing effort to find
the key. Then the reaction came
swiftly, and he sank to the floor,
crouched on his haunches in a listless
stupor.

  It was five minutes of 1 when he
roused himself from his lethargy of
despair.

  He lifted the watch with a shaking
hand. As he read the dial’s fateful
message, the timepiece slipped from
his limp fingers and clattered un-
heeded to the floor. No need now for
a measure of the few precious mo-
ments remaining.

  Foo Chong leaned forward with
new intentness at his vigil.

  With movements as deliberate and
mechanical as those of a sleep-
walker, Partlow picked up the heavy
dagger, and turned to face the glass
case.

  Four minutes of 1.

  Was it imagination, or was the
light in the cell now tinged with a
faint reddish hue—and was the
heavy lid of the spider cage trem-
bling ever so slightly upon its sup-
ports?

  Three minutes—and doubt became
awful certainty!

  The light from the solitary bulb
was now dimming swiftly, its fila-
ments fading to loops of vivid red.
THE BRASS KEY

219

And the lid of the ease was slowly-
rising! Partlow’s grasp upon the
dagger tightened.

  Two minutes.

  With eyes that sought to pierce
the crimson gloom. Partlow saw the
lid of the case yawn until the crev-
ice was fringed with twitching legs
as the great spiders swarmed at the
opening. The man’s face writhed in
a ghastly grimace, as though he al-
ready felt the touch of those hateful
bodies swarming over his bare skin,
with poison fangs bared to strike.
He raised the dagger until its point
rested just over his heart.

  One minute.

  The light was now but a dim red
glow. The lid of the case seemed ris-
ing more swiftly. Suddenly from be-
neath its edge the first of the spiders
dropped, pushed through the crevice
by the surging bodies behind.

  The creature’s pursy body struck
the floor with a slight but audible
thud. For a second it sprawled
there with forelegs twitching, then
scuttled straight for Partlow.

  It was the end.

  Partlow whimpered aloud as he
convulsively drove the dagger’s
blade home.

  As he lurched to his knees, a small
object tinkled to the floor in front

of him. Gropiug for a moment on
all fours, he sought with fast-glazing
eyes to identify the object. Then, al-
most with his last breath, he cursed
aloud as he realized the truth.

  It was the key to the door that
lay before him there on the floor—a
small key of brass with a handle of
scrollwork. The twisting blow as he
had driven the blade of the dagger
home had released the key from its
hiding-place in the hollow handle of
the weapon.

  Partlow made a last convulsive ef-
fort, to grasp the key, but his ebbing
strength was not equal to the task.
His clutching fingers fell short by
inches as he sprawled limply for-
ward on his face.

 Then came darkness and the
spider horde.

A s foo ciiong rose from his post of
vigil and stretched cramped
limbs, he smiled gently to himself,
but there was no hint of gladness in
that faint smile.

  For Foo Chong was again think-
ing of that other strange room, the
nursery where toys and child’s
building-blocks were scattered care-
lessly on the floor like shattered
fragments of some tenderly cher-
ished dream.
THE port, of La (rixayra does
not boast of a harbor, so that
when I came to board the
Emperatriz I was forced to charter
one of the local ruffians to ferry me
across the half-mile or so of sea
which separated her from the mole.
Viewed from the shore, the ship—a
tramp steamer of some 8,000 tons—
had seemed smart enough. But I
quickly discovered that, in her case,
distance decidedly did lend enchant-
ment to the view, for a nearer
approach rendered only too obvious
her dingy, sun-blistered paintwork
and her rust-streaked, dented plates.

But I was not in a position to be
over particular—anything that was
capable of floating and bearing me
out of Venezuela would have looked
220

good to me just then. My last voy-
age had terminated with some abrupt-
ness owing to a difference of opinion
with the guardaeostas farther down
the coast. They had pried open some
of the cases hi our hold, which
were down in the manifest as
"machinery,” and found them to
contain machine-guns; in con-
sequence, for the past three weeks it
had needed all my ingenuity to steer
clear of the local carcel. So that when
a greasy, garlic-scented individual
had sidled up to me with the offer of
a berth, I had not asked too many
questions before accepting.

  The moment I clambered aboard I
was confronted by a red-faced giant
clad in a uniform cap and a suit of
pajamas. I handed him the agent’s
THE GHOST SHIP

221

letter by way of introduction, but he
merely glanced at the superscription
and handed it back.

  “My name’s Hawes, and I’m first,
mate of this old water-pusher, ” he
told me. “The new captain hasn’t
come aboard yet.”

 “The new captain?” My voice
must have betrayed my surprize.

  lie nodded, his eyes fixed on mine
the while. “We lost the old man
and the second mate coming down.
They died of fever.”

  “Both of them?” I cried.

  “Ay—it's been a sickly trip.”
Then he turned and walked aft as
a hint that the interview was
finished.

  This certainly did not sound very
reassuring, but I made no comment
as I descended to my cabin and
proceeded to stow away my traps.
Then, after having a cursory look
round, I went on deck for a quiet
smoke.

  The fiery, copper-red disk of the
sun was just preparing to dip behind
the western horizon, tinging every-
thing with its fierce and vivid hue. It
turned the waters oP the roadstead to
a pool of molten gold; it smote upon
the mountains which, like mighty
bulwarks, tower above the little port,
turning their jagged peaks to flaming
beacons against the cold purple shad-
ows of the coming night. Slowly the
sun disappeared; for a brief instant
the red afterglow hovered high up in
the zenith; then, with the abruptness
of an extinguished candle, it was night.

  I was just on the point of turning
in when I noticed a shore boat head-
ing toward us, and T at once
concluded that it. must be bringing
the new captain. Being somewhat
curious to know what sort of a ship-
master they had managed to pick up
in that out-of-the-way port, I shifted
my position so that I could s>'ot an
uninterrupted view of the accommoda-
tion ladder. Scarcely had I taken
my stand than the boat came along-
side and a tall man sprang nimbly on

to the grating. Our navigation lights
had already been shipped prepar-
atory to putting to sea, and as he
paused to pay his boatman, the green
rays of the starboard light fell full
upon his face, the unreal, ghostly
glare revealing a countenance so
striking and unusual that it has
remained indelibly photographed on
my mind.

  In former days he must have been
more than passably handsome, for the
features were regular and finely
formed; but now they were seamed
with deep-graven lines which spoke
of every base and lawless passion. I
do not suppose that Jic was more than
fifty at the most, for the full beard
showed no trace of gray, and his step,
as he mounted to the bridge, was
qxiick and firm. But he appeared like
a man who had drained the cup of
life until nothing but the very dregs
remained, and in the depths of his
sunken eyes there lay a look, at once
apprehensive and defiant, of a man
who is dogged by some iong-feared,
unavoidable fate. “IP it be possible
for a man to be haunted in this
world,” I found myself muttering as
I turned away, “then that man is!”

  But, haunted or not, Captain
Frcwin seemed a capable seaman.
Orders followed each other in quick
succession. The ancient winch on the
forecastle wheezed and leaked steam
as the anchor was hove short and
hoisted. Then, taking the wheel him-
self, he ordered “Full speed,” and
the old lumbering freighter came
round like a yacht and set her bows
to the broad Atlantic.

  Our voyage had begun. Little did
I—or any aboard—dream how it was
to end.

Once clear of soundings, it is
remarkable howr quickly you
settle down to the routine of ship-
board life. All ships are, broadly
speaking, very much alike and the
round of duties practically the same.
But one’s shipmates are likely to vary
222

WEIRD TALES

considerably, and I must admit that
mine on board the Emperatriz did
not endear themselves to me on closer
acquaintance. To put the matter
bluntly, I do not think a more out-
and-out mob of incompetents and un-
desirables were to be found in the
length and breadth of the seven seas.
And my estimate of their character
was upheld by the mature experience
of the chief engineer, who had
probably sailed the seas for as many
years as I had months. Like so many
of his calling, he was a Scotsman,
hailing from that home of engineers
—Clydeside. He was a kindly old
soul, with an intense appreciation of
everything which had its origin in his
native land, from ships’ engines to
whisky. No sooner did he learn that
my mother’s name had been Camp-
bell, and that I had served in one of
the kilted regiments in the war, than
he took me—metaphorically—to his
oily bosom with all the patriotic
fervor of the true Scot.

  “I’ve nae wish tae appear in-
quisitive, laddie,” he said to me one
night as we sat smoking, “but hoo
comes ye tae be aboard a packet like
this?”

  I told him what had happened at
La Guayra and he nodded sympa-
thetically.

  “Ay, ay, ’tis the same auld tale the
world over. Obey the orders if ye
brak’ the owners, and obey the
owners if ye brak’ yerself. I’ll no’
be denying that 1 was a wee bit under
a cloud when I signed on here—other-
wise I’d no’ be doctoring the heap o’
scrap that masquerades as engines
aboard this ship. Losh, laddie, but
we’re a fine, gay shipload! I dinna
think there’s a mon of us but what’s
got a mark agin his ticket. An’ I’m
no’ excepting the skipper, for he’s
got the blackest mark o’ the lot!”

   ‘ ‘ Captain Frewin ? ” I cried. ‘ ‘ How
could he get command if his certifi-
cate were not in order?”

  McPherson laughed and spat con-
temptuously over the side.

  “The Dago firm that owns the
Emperatriz are nae so particular as
tae yon! Mon, I tell ye, they’d
employ a deil red-hot frae hell so
long’s he could handle a ship, and
came cheap enow. As for the skipper,
there’s no’ a reputable shipowner
that’ll employ him since he piled up
the Valhalla in 1906.”

  “How did it happen?” I asked,
scenting a yarn.

  “He was a guid five miles oot o’
his course. I was on the ship as
fourth engineer at the time, and I
canna help thinking the mon was just
demented. ’ ’

 “Drunk?”

 “Ay—but no’ with liquor. He
was just mad with love for one o’
the lassies on board. Mind ye, the
captain was a smart young fellow in
those days, and the Valhalla was his
first command. She was a big. twin-
screw passenger and cargo steamer,
running between London and the
Australian ports by way of the Cape
of Good Hope. It was on the return
trip of her maiden voyage that it
happened.

  “We’d had fine weather ’most all
the way across, and it looked like as
if we were going to make what in
those days was considered a record
run. We were three parts of the way
across the Bay of Biscay, and we
expected to be off the Wight by the
following morning, so the passengers
had made up a merry party in the
saloon to mark the last night of the
voyage. Puir souls, ’twas the last
night o’ life for mony a one of
them! >-

  “During the last part of my spell
in the engine room I’d heard the fog-
horn going, but as we’d had nae
orders to slacken her down I thought
we’d run into a bit of a haze in the
Channel. But, ma conscience! when
I cam’ on deck I got the shock o’ ma
life. It was thick as pea-soup, and
there we were snorting along as
though we had the open sea in front
of us. As I looked at the bow-wave
THE GHOST SHIP

223

over the side I remember asking my-
sel ’ what sort of a captain it was who
risked precious lives to pull down a
bit of a speed record. But that
wasn’t the worst, either. Instead of
being at his post on the bridge, where
d’ye think Cap’n Frewin was? In
the saloon, whispering sweet nothings
into the ear of his lady-love! I
looked through the saloon skylight
and I see him wi’ ma’ ain eyes, else
I never had believed it possible.

  "Mind ye, I’m no’ saying but that
they made a well-matched couple. He
was good-looking more ’n common,
and so was she, though in a different
sort o’ way. She was as fair as he
was dark, with long curling hair,
yellow as the sands of the sea when
the sunlight falls on it. She used to
wear a dress of some green silky stuff
which somehow always seemed to
remind me of wet seaweed—every-
thing aboot, her, from her coral-red
lips to her little shell-like ears,
reminded you of the sea. As I peered
at. her I couldna help thinking she’d
make a bonny sailor’s bride. But
this was nae time for love-making, as
they were very soon to find out.

  "Presently someone struck a few
bars on the piano and the young
lassie began to sing. Eh, but she had
a sweet, tender voice. There was nae
fancy trills and screeches aboot, it,
like ye sometimes hears on the stage,
but it seemed to gang straight to
your heart. As I stood listening to
it I forgot the ship, I forgot the fog,
I forgot the rocks of Ushant. And
dootless the cap’n did as weel. He
sat there drinkin’ in the melody like
a man fascinated—bewitched. Before
she’d finished, one of the officers from
the bridge came to the saloon door in
his wet, oilskins and whispered in the
cap’n’s ear, but he waved him away
impatiently and turned again to the
girl. It must ha’ been some impor-
tant message, for I saw the mon raise
his eyebrows when it was ignored.
And so it went on—the ship racing
ahead, the song floating up sweet and

low as the lapping of the waves
when the tide is on the turn, the blar-
ing of the foghorn overhead. . . .

  "Weel, the crash had tae come, and
come it did. Ye can imagine what
happens when a 16,000-ton boat takes
a sunken reef at full speed. It just
ripped the keel clean out of her, and
doon she went to the bottom like a
stane, taking with her maist o’ the
passengers and crew. I was one of
the lucky ones. I managed to get to
the shore, and so did Captain
Frewin.”

  "And the girl in green—what be-
came of her?”

  "Nae doot she went doon with the
ship, for she was never seen after-
ward,” replied McPhei'son. "The
cap’n was like a madman for days,
searching the seashore for her body,
cursing the sea that had stolen her
from him. That night’s work ruined
him body and soul, and sometimes I
think it would ha’ been better for
him if he’d gone to the bottom with
his ship.”

  And I, remembering the look I had
seen in his eyes when first we met,
felt inclined to agree.

We skirted along the coast,
passed the island of Trinidad,
then set our course almost due east,
for our next port of call was Free-
town, Sierra Leone. There we lay for
over a week while a gang of negro
stevedores leisurely discharged part
of our cargo, afterward loading us
with bales of copra and barrels of
palm-oil until we were down to our
Plimsoll s mark once more. Clearing
from there, we began to round the
great shoulder of Africa, making for
our final port, London.

  On the third day out, when I came
on the bridge to relieve the first mate
at eight bells noon, I found him
staring aft through the binoculars.
So engrossed was he that he failed to
note my approach until I touched
him on the arm. Then he handed me
the glasses.
224

WEIRD TALES

  “What do you make of that trail
of smoke on the horizon?” he asked
in a slightly puzzled tone, at the
same time indicating a spot about
three points off the starboard quarter.

  I focused the glasses and took a
long look. “It belongs to a fairly
big ship, with two funnels,” I said
presently.

  “Two?” he asked quickly.

  “Sure. I can distinctly make out
the two plumes.”

  He looked at me and rubbed his
hand thoughtfully across his chin.
“Well, that’s damned queer,” he
muttered.

 “How?”

  “It’s mighty seldom that you come
across a slow cargo steamer with a
couple of smokestacks. Twin-funneled
craft are usually liners of sorts, and
have some turn of speed. Our old
tub is barely making eight knots, yet
that ship has kept the same position
right from the moment we left Free-
town. Why, she should have over-
hauled us days ago!”

  “Perhaps she’s developed trouble
in her engine room, ’ ’ I suggested.

  Hawes’ face lit up at my words.
Hopes of salvage are never far
distant from a sailor’s thoughts, and
a broken-down liner in need of a tow
might mean a small fortune. But the
next moment he was shaking his head
despondently.

  “Whatever her game is, she’s still
capable of keeping under way. No
chance of earning the price of a free-
hold farm ashore this trip, worse
luck!” And, with a disgusted glance
astern, he turned and quitted the
bridge.

  At intervals during my watch I
glanced toward that distant smudge
on the horizon, but its position with
regard to our own ship appeared to
be unchanged. At eight bells the
captain came on the bridge, and it
was at once clear that he was not in
the best of tempers.

  “Anything to report?” he growled

as he came across to take a squint at
the compass.

  “There’s a liner astern that seems
to be making poor speed, sir.”
“Indeed?” He favored me with a
sardonic grin. ‘ ‘ What then ? Do
you want me to unship my donkey-
engine and make ’em a present of it
to help ’em up to time?”

  “If we slowed down a few revolu-
tions, so that she could come up with

us-” I began, but he cut me short

as though the suggestion were a
personal insult.

  “Slow down nothing! My econom-
ical speed’s seven-point-eight, and
that’s what I’m going to steam at—if
there’s fifty flaming liners astern!
Haven’t I got troubles of my own
without seeking othei’S? If she’s in
distress, why the blazes don’t she
send up rockets? Didn’t they teach
you any sense in the girls’ school
where you learnt navigation? Keep
her as she goes, quartermaster.”

  For a moment I boiled inwardly at
the open affront. Then, with an
effort, I choked down the words I was
about to say and, touching my cap
with what I intended to be a dignified
salute, I went below.

  My next spell of duty was the
morning watch, and as soon as the
sun was up I found my eyes turning
toward the strange ship. There she
was, in the same position as before,
no nearer, no closer. The respective
positions could not have remained
more constant if an invisible tow-
rope had connected the two ships.

  It does not take much to set men’s
tongues wagging at sea. By this time
the news of the strange behavior of
the unknown vessel had penetrated
even to the stokehold. I heard two of
the firemen discussing it half jest-
ingly as they performed their ablu-
tions after coming off duty.

  “We ’re bein’ shadowed, that’s
what it is, matey,” declared one.
‘ ‘ Got anyfink on yer conscience,
Ginger?”
THE GHOST SHIP

225

  "Not ’arf so much as wot the old
man has, if all yer ’ears abart ’im
is right. ’Struth! I’ve got through
a few mucky jobs in my time, but I
reckon I’m a plaster himage com-
pared with ’im. Who the ’ell is it
that’s following us?”

 "Never heard of the Phantom
Ship, Ginger?” grinned the first
speaker. "She’s been fitted out with
triple expansions specially to bring
us the sailors’ last warning. Mark
my words, this old hooker is going to
make her last big ’ole in the water
before long!”

Despite the contempt with which
he had greeted my reference to
the subject, I could see that as the
time went on Captain Frewin began
to grow uneasy in his mind. Many a
time I caught him glancing furtively
at the faint and distant blur that
followed so persistently in our wake;
but it was not until a week had
passed that he made the first move to
solve the mystery.

  A big P. & O. mailboat. had been
sighted ahead, traveling in the
opposite direction to ourselves. When
she was but a mile distant, Captain
Frewin suddenly rang off the
engines, and the Emperatriz, grad-
ually losing way, remained motionless
save for the slow movement imparted
to her by the long Atlantic rollers.
Attracted by the unusual maneuver,
the approaching boat shifted her
helm and bore down, a string of
colored bunting breaking from her
forward signal yard.	*

  "What ship?” it said.

 "Emperatriz, Freetown to Lon-
don,” was our answer.

  "Ballarat, for Adelaide. Are you
in need of assistance?”

  "No. Stopped because of heated
bearing. Good-bye. Pleasant voy-
age.”

"Thanks, same to you. Good-bye.”
As the ocean greyhound again
settled into her stride, 1 turned my
eyes toward the distant smoke of the

mystery ship. As I looked I felt my
breath catch in my throat. For the
thin double plume soared straight
upward in the breathless air, show-
ing that, like ourselves, the stranger
had hove to. There could be no doubt
about it now—she was dogging us.
But why?

  I faced about and looked at Captain
Frewin. He was standing motionless
on the swraying bridge, his eyes fixed
on the Ballarat, which, having swung
past us, was now rapidly approaching
the unknown ship. Minutes passed,
and still he made no attempt to resume
our voyage. What was he looking at?
What was he expecting to see? Why
had he stopped the ship in mid-
ocean? Then like a thunderbolt from
a clear sky, the answer came.

  I felt a hand grip my arm and an
awestruck voice whispered into my
ear in broadest Doric:

  "Canna ye understand, mon? The
Ballarat’s passing her—passing a
stationary liner without sae much as
a dip of her ensign! An’ I’ll tell ye
for why. They canna see her! She’s
a ghost ship, haunting us alone.
She’s the old Valhalla, following the
mon who sent her to the bottom
twenty-two years ago, and—she’s
freighted with the dead!”

The last days of that voyage will
ever remain in my memory like a
ghastly nightmare. There are some
superior people who declare that the
advent of steam has caused the sailor
to abandon his old superstitions; but
the dread of the unknown and un-
knowable has its roots too deeply
planted in the human soul for that
to be. If those armchair psychol-
ogists who lay down the law so glibly
could have seen the demeanor of our
crew during the next few days they
would have had reason to revise their
opinions. The men went about their
duties sullen and fearful; the gloom
oi! impending tragedy hung over the
whole ship; mutterings and sidelong
glances told of smoldering mutiny.
226

WEIRD TALES

I firmly believe it was only the open
display of the revolvers, which each
of the officers carried, that prevented
them rising in a body and heaving
the skipper overboard.

  Tension was at its highest when
there came a sudden change in the
weather. The 1 i s»h t southwesterly
wind which had accompanied us for
the past two days gave place to a
baffling mist, while the slow, oily
swell changed to a heavy head sea.
With our engines slowed down imtil
they only gave us steerage-way, and
with extra lookouts posted round the
ship, we slowly crawled ahead. The
only sounds were the steady pounding
of our screw, deliberate now as the
drum in a funeral march, and the
wail of the siren as it sent its eldritch
warning over the mist-hung waters.

  It was during a pause between the
blasts that we seemed to hear a faint
ccho coming out of the white
obscurity. Immediately the lookout
hailed the bridge :

  “Big steamer in the offing, sir.”
  "Where away?”

  After a pause the answer came.
“Seems dead astam, sir!”

  Frewin gave a low-voiced order
and the quartermaster shifted the
spokes of the wheel.

  Again came the faint, deep-boom-
ing sound, and* again the lookout
hailed.

  “Steamer coming up astarn, sir!”
Captain Frewin turned to the
steersman. "Keep her off another
point.” Then, to Hawes: “Give a
toot to let ’em know there’s someone
in their track.”

  The first mate raised his hand to
the lanyard and a long-drawn blast
of our foghorn followed. Barely had
the last vibrations died away when, as
if in mockery, the uvom—w-o-o-o-m
of the other ship’s foghorn floated out
of the mist behind us. This time it
was perceptibly nearer—so near
indeed that it seemed as if the ship
that sounded it must be traveling at

a speed that was, in weather like this,
nothing short of reckless.

  ‘ ‘ I suppose the blighter thinks he’s
got the ocean to himself,” I heard
Hawes mutter. "These swell lin-
ers-” The remainder of the sen-
tence was drowned in a frenzied shout
from aft.

  “Big liner coming up astarn, sir—
traveling fast!”

  Not a cable’s length distant, loom-
ing wan and spectral through the
misty veil, there appeared the shadow
of a huge gray hull. She was steam-
ing in the same direction as ourselves,
and following the exact same course.
Her forestay, masts and funnels lay
in one straight line, showing that she
was bearing directly down on us; her
sheer, sharp bows pointed straight at
our stern.

  In one mad lea,}) Hawes clutched
the handle of the engine-room tel-
egraph and threw it full over.

  "Below there! Steam for full
speed!” he roared down the speak-
ing-tube. "Open her out all you
know—it’s life or death!” At the
same time Frewin rammed the helm
hard over to starboard.

  Like a tired horse that feels the
rider’s spurs, the old freighter picked
up speed. The slow drumming of
our propeller rose to a rapid tattoo;
dense volumes of smoke began to roll
from our funnel as the stokehold crew
fired up the furnaces, and the grow-
ing white cloud at the escape-pipe
told of the increased head of steam
which resulted from their efforts,
while /leep down in the fabric of the
ship the panting and groaning of the
worn-out engines proved that Mc-
Pherson was making the old Emper-
atriz do her best.

  But her best was poor enough
compared with that of the rushing
monster behind us. Her speed was
more than three times as great as
ours, and she never wavered or
slackened in her headlong progress.
Yard by yard, she began to overtake
us. Nearer and nearer drew her
THE GHOST SHIP

227

bows, until I found myself watching,
as though hypnotized, the waves of
creaming foam which curved on
each side of her sharp forefoot as it
clove through the sea. For a few
breathless moments it seemed as
if a collision were inevitable. Grasp-
ing the rail before me with all my
strength, I waited for the crash, every
nerve tingling with suspense. Nearer
and ever nearer she came, until I
could count the very rivets of her
plates. Then the Emperatriz slowly
came round to her helm and the
strange ship swept past with a bare
ten feet of water between her bows
and our propeller.

  Drawing a long breath of relief, I
glanced at Captain Frewin. Heavens,
what was the matter with the man ?
Surely the peril through which we
had just passed was not sufficient to
account for such a change! His face
had turned a sickly grayish yellow
beneath its tan, and wild panic shone
in his staring eyes. His hand was
shaking like an aspen as he pointed
to the bows of the other ship, which,
now on a course parallel to our own,
had drawn level with the bridge.

  "The Valhalla!” His voice had
sunk to a hoarse croak. “My old
ship! ’ ’

  My heart turned to ice as I realized
the meaning of his words. I turned
my gaze upward—stared and stared
again. For, high up on the towering
side, in huge golden letters that could
not be misread, was blazoned the
name of the ship which, twenty-two
years ago almost to the very day, had
split on the rocks of Hshant—the
ship whose bones at that moment lay
rusting on the sea-bed far below the
waters on which we sailed !

  Like a man in a dream I read and
reread the gilded letters, my mind
struggling to convince itself that the
whole thing was impossible—-absurd.
Then my eyes fell upon the single
figure upon the liner’s bridge, and
my mind struggled no more. For,
though his hair was a trifle dai’ker

and his figure more upright, his face
was, feature for feature, the same as
Captain Frewin’s might have been
when he had paced the bridge ot‘ his
first command in the full flush of his
early manhood. And as I looked, the
figure on the liner slowly raised its
hands to the peak of its uniform cap,
and like an automaton controlled by
another will, our captain did the
same. For a full minute they stood
motionless, the living facing his dead
self in grave salute; then the liner
forged ahead and the curtain of fog
descended on it.

  But not before I had caught sight
of another figure upon its decks—
the figure of a young girl in a sea-
green dress. In a flash I remembered
the old engineer's description of the
siren who had lured the captain to his
ruin. Yes, it was she! There was
the same pale face, wonderfully,
supernaturally beautiful; the same
full, coral-red lips, now parted in a
smile so alluring that it seemed to
draw my very soul to her like a
com pass-needi e quivering to the north.
Her long hair, bright as the sunlit
sand of some tropic isle, flowed free
upon her shoulders, and upon it the
drops of flying spray shimmered like
pearls.

 “Lucy!” The cry came from
Frewin like the wail of a soul in tor-
ment, “My Lucy!”

  She leaned over the rail and
stretched out her arms toward him,
and from her lips there burst a song
such as I have never heard before or
since. I don’t remember the tunc and
I don’t remember the words—i f there
were words to it. But it seemed to
tell of all that the sea can tell—of
smiling calms, light breezes like
lovers’ sighs, hurricanes, tempests,
the wild music of the breakers on lee
shores, and of the cool green depths
in which the bones of drowned men
lay. It was such a song as few mortal
men have listened to—and lived.

  And so the ship passed on. But
the moment her stem was clear,
228

WEIRD TALES

Prewin ground the helm a-port and
set our bows straight into her churn-
ing wake. He gave no heed to the
compass-eard before him; his eyes
were fixed in a stony stare ahead; his
ears strained to catch the siren’s song
that was leading him to destruction.

  Obedience to one’s superior officer
comes as second nature on shipboard,
but even discipline has its breaking-
point. At all costs I must stop the
ship. I stepped to the captain’s side.

  "Beg pardon, sir, but had we not
better-”

  He turned on me with a snarl like
a wild beast.

  "Take your hand away from that
telegraph! ” I felt a cold circle of
steel pressed to the back of my neck
as he gritted out the words. "If you
attempt to move or cry out I’ll blow
your backbone through your teeth!
Don’t you hear Lucy calling me?
There—there—I must go to her! I’ve
waited for her too long!”

  From out of the mist came the
crooning song, low and sweet as a
mother lulling her babe to sleep. But
I had other things to think of. Duck-
ing swiftly, I faced about. There
was a crashing report, almost in my
ear, and a bullet sang past and buried
itself in the woodwork. Before he
could pull trigger again I had closed
with the madman, striving to get
possession of Ihe wheel. But he
seemed to be endowed with the
strength of three. I managed to wrest
the revolver from him, but that only
gave him another free hand. It
closed upon my throat with a grip of
iron as he forced me backward-till
my shoulders rested against the fore
dodger of the bridge. I was like a
child in his grasp. I felt my senses
swim.

  Then, when everything was grow-
ing black around me, I felt the touch
of cold metal against my face. Turn-
ing my eyes, I caught the gleam of

brass, and a wave of hope surged
through me. It was the mouth of the
speaking-tube that communicated
with the engine room. Loosening my
grip on Frewin, I tore out the plug
and bent as near as I could to the
tube.

  ‘ ‘ Reverse the engines! Reverse for
your life, Mac — we’re heading
straight for-”

 A sudden crash came from- our
bows. The Emperatriz stopped dead,
staggered for a moment like a great,
stricken beast; then, as she lurched
forward again, there came a series of
long-drawn, grinding wrenches as she
tore her keel into scrap-iron and
passed over, settling fast into the
deep water that surrounds the out-
lying rocks of Ushant.

\\7hen, two days later, I recovered

  *	* full consciousness, I was lying
in the hut of one of the kindly Breton
fisherfolk, and it was there that Mc-
Pherson told me of the last plunge of
the old Emperatriz and the death of
Captain Frewin.

 While supporting my senseless
body on an overturned boat, the
engineer had seen him swimming
with slow and steady strokes for the
shore.

  "Then, straight in front of him,
there appeared the woman frae the
sea. Her shoulders and breasts were
bare; her hair was floating out behind
her like a golden cloud. From her
lips there cam’ the same song as she
had sung the night the Valhalla went
doon,” the old man told me. "I saw
her reach the struggling mon, sawr her
slender white arms twine themselves
aroond him, saw her wet lips, red as
coral, pressed to his. Then, locked in
each other’s arms, they slowly sank,
and the green waters closed above
their heads. And there they’ll bide
until the sea gies up its dead.”
'6 • G\JR3t

•fcRN6T

“Her eyes were all whites, and she said,
‘Get out, you!’ ”

THIS is a strange tale, of
ancient beliefs—or misbeliefs
if you will—projected into a
Twentieth Century setting; of bizarre,
happenings with never a tangible
foundation of fact on which to rest
the bewildered mind of the observer;
of events that, it seems, could never
occur outside the covers of those old
hand-illumined volumes dealing with
“Black Magycke.”

  You may believe it or not. Frankly,
the newspapers did not. There was
in their uninspired columns no hint of
anything beyond the realm of every-
day happenings. ' Mrs. Boyd Bar-
ringer, wife of the last of that family
of Barringers who had packed their
Puritanical belongings and landed in
New England long before the tea

party—had suddenly and completely
disappeared! Simple enough, the
newspapers implied. A husband who
was not too attentive, a secret
admirer—and flight to parts un-
known.

  But in this implication the news-
papers were wrong—or at least only
half right. Mrs. Barringer, granted,
had departed for parts unknown.
But it was not because of a too
indifferent husband; nor was it due
to one of those unfortunate love af-
fairs that occasionally upset the most
solidly established homes. There was
a different reason from either of these
behind her sudden disappearance—
a reason that goes back two hundred
and thirty years to the mysterious
labors of an elderly woman who lived,
230

WEIRD TALES

and died with suddenness and vio-
lence, in Salem, Massachusetts.

  To begin with, Boyd Barringer was
not an indifferent husband. There
never lived a man who loved more
profoundly, nor who was more kind-
ly attentive than lie was to Clara
Barringer, his wife. And she in her
turn adored him too completely to
gaze at another man with more than
the casual glance of a stranger.

  Their very marriage is proof of
this love of theirs. For Clara,
apprehensive of the curse that she
felt was laid upon her, did not want
to inflict sorrow on Boyd; and for
months she held out against his
urgent pleading that she be his wife.
That he continued to so plead until
he had won her in spite of her loving
fears, and that she consented at last
to his pleading in spite of every
obstacle her harassed mind could
set forth, indicates more than any
other circumstance the depth of their
affection for each other.

  The scene in which Boyd had
finally won over her unwillingness to
i'isk bringing him harm was a stormy
one in some respects.

  "Clara,” said Boyd, his hands
closing over her round, Ann arms
rather cruelly and his eyes searching
into hers, "Clitra, is there someone
else? Do you refuse me because there
is another man before me in your
heart ?’’

  Clara hesitated before answering
that question. Her eyes took in every
detail of the man before her with a
painful accuracy; for she firmly
intended that they should never meet
again, and she wanted a last mental
picture of him to carry with her.

  Boyd was rather tall, but his in-
clination towrard heaviness took away
from his height. Wide, thick shoul-
ders sloped into a powerful neck. His
features were purposeful, almost
'’■rim. A typical man of the business
world, one would say, successful and
commanding, with not too much senti-
ment or dreamy nonsense to hinder

his path among the material things of
life. But his eyes contradicted the
rest of his appearance. Deep bhie,
they were, almost like a woman’s in
their tenderness and understanding.
His eyes lent a softness to his firm
mouth, and took away some of the
harshness of his chin. A man of ac-
tion with the eyes of a lover. It is
small wonder that Clara should find
it hard to utter the lie that was in-
tended to drive him away.

  Nevei’theless, driving her rebellious
tongue with her head instead of with
her pleading heart, lie she did.

  "You have guessed it,” she said,
looking straight into his eyes. "I
love another man. That is why I can
never marry you.”

  But Boyd had not been fooled. He
had looked back into her own eyes—
those odd eyes of hers with the
spindle-shaped, feline pupils—and he
had smiled.

  “You aren’t telling me the truth,
Clara. That’s not the reason why you
won’t marry me. Are you still let-
ting yourself think about that fantas-
tic curse that’s supposed to crop out
in your family tree sometime? Would
you actually let such an insane legend
keep us apart when we want each
other so badly?”

  "It’s not an'insane legend!” Clara
cried, a break in her words. "Look at
me! Just look at me! Can’t you see
the seeds of fulfilment of that old
prophecy in my eyes, in my head, in
the very way I walk?” She began to
weep, wildly, her shoulders shaking
with incipient hysteria.

  Boyd attempted to calm her, to
humor her.

  "Come now,” he suggested, "let’s
assume that this two-hundred-year-
old fable has some truth in it. Let
us do it the honor of investigating it
thoroughly so that, our reason may
kill it forever. You are too intelligent
.to believe in such a fantastic old
wive’s tale without proof of some
kind. Show me the proof, then, and
tell me the whole history. And if,
A WITCH’S CURSE

231

after I have heard it all, I still want
you to marry me, you will, won’t
you? Say you will, dear.”

  ‘*How can I answer?” whispered
Clara. “Surely no one was ever in
such a position before. But I will tell
you the whole story now instead of
the hints and snatches of it that I
have allowed you to hear. Wait just
a moment while I go up to the attic
—there is an old trunk there with the
documents and pictures relating to
my family history. ’ ’

 “I’ll go with you. There is a
light up there? Good.” And Boyd
followed her up the flights of steps
that ended under the gables of the old
stone house—and in a discover}" as-
tounding enough, though of course
utterly unbelievable.

The place in which a story is re-
lated has much to do with the im-
pression made by that story. In the
full light of day, in some prosaic
spot, Boyd would have laughed at the
crazy tale, proof or no proof—as, in-
deed, he did next morning. But up
there under the roof, in the dim light
of a single small electric globe, he
must have spent a most uncomfort-
able hour listening to Clara’s incred-
ible history of a feud that had en-
dured for seven generations.

  The big attic had been floored but
never finished off! further. Like
square-hewn ribs the beams depended
overhead, festooned with cobwebs,
vague and uncertain in the illumina-
tion of the unshaded, dust-crusted
light bulb. The place was cluttered
with old chairs and tables with legs
like tentacles in the shadowy dark-
ness. An eery spot, certainly, and al-
most too well fitted for Clara’s words.

  Several very old chests were in a
far corner; and one of these Boyd
dragged out under the light at Clara’s
request, After a struggle with the
rusty catches this was opened, reveal-
ing a miscellany or ancient garments,
pictures, and yellowed papers.

  “In 1692,” Clara began dully, “a

solitary old woman lived in a shack
on the edge of Salem, Massachusetts.
She was supposed to have a son some-
where, but no one knew for sure, and
he never came to visit her. She kept
herself alive by raising vegetables and
selling them or trading them to the
neighboring townspeople.

  “She must have been rather a re-
pulsive-looking creature — very old
and wrinkled, with a long chin and a
long nose that almost met like pin-
cers, due to her lack of teeth. She
was not very clean, and her mind
was a bit unhinged. But she did no
one harm and Avas not herself mo-
lested; at least at tjie time my story
begins.

  “My mother’s ancestors also lived
in Salem—the Manfred Jones clan.
There was, among other children of
this family, a brooding, dark-haired
little girl by the name of Emily—
my OAvn ancestress. Here is a pic-
ture of her as a small child. ’ ’

  Clara handed Boyd a miniature,
rather dimmed by age, but cleverly
done and quite legible. It was the
picture of a girl of about eleven
years; though the eyes, dark and in-
tense, looked older. Boyd gazed at
the picture with interest, then handed
it back silently.

 “The old woman I spoke of had
often brought her vegetables to the
Jones home, and she met Emily. She
seemed immensely attracted to the
little girl. But Emily, possibly be-
cause she was afraid, AATould never
make up to her. So it was that one
day Avhen the old crone passed her
hand longingly OArer Emily’s fine dark
hair, the girl squirmed out of her
grasp, kicked and clawed at her like
a little animal, and ran aAvay. Then
from a safe distance she proceeded to
make faces at her and taunt her Avith
her bent ugliness of age. It was a
very regrettable thing, but, after all.
it was natural in a child so young.

 “From that one scene grew the
shadow that has clung to my mother’s
family ever since. For the old woman
232

WEIRD TALES

hated the child from then on. And
that hatred was mutual. Emily Jones
went out of her way to invent pranks
to play on the woman, and incited all
her little friends to do the same. This,
loo, was regrettable, but it was some-
thing any child might do.

  “It was in the early spring of that
year that queer tales began to get
around concerning the old lady.
Farmers complained that cattle sick-
ened when she looked in their direc-
tion. A neighbor of hers said that
she had the Evil Eye. In short, all
the stock tales of a witch’s persecu-
tion were told 011 her. She began to
lie known as the Witch of Salem town.
Everyone avoided her. No one bought
or traded for her vegetables, and she
was near to starving to death.

  “The vague rumors concerning her
might never have amounted to much.
The most rabid period of the witch
craze lasted only a year or so, you
know. And she might have weathered
the storm of the neighborhood’s dis-
approval and fear very easily—but
for little Emily Jones!

  “With an intelligence older than
her eleven years, Emily took in all the
talk concerning the old woman she
hated with the petulance of child-
hood. And as she listened she re-
membered a sentence that the crone
had flung after her when she was par-
ticularly annoyed at some prank the
little girl had played 011 her:

  “ ‘I’ll turn you into a cat, Emily
Jones! I’ll turn you into a cat if you
don’t stop your nuisance! Folks say
I’m a witch. Well—a witch can turn
little girls into cats. And that’s just
what I’ll do to you, Emily Jones!’

  “That threat rankled in the girl’s
mind, and it ripened and grew until
a thought flashed on her one day:
Suppose she pretended that the witch
really was turning her into a cat!
What a joke that would be! How it
would plague her!

  “Old enough and intelligent enough
to reason thus far. Emily was yet
unable to go farther and realize the

extreme gravity of her plan. She was
too young, of course, to understand
the strength of. the feeling that was
gathering against the old hag.

  “So the child put her scheme in
motion. . . .

  “She began, one.evening, to crawl
catlike under the tables and chairs,
mewing and scratching with imag-
inary claws at her brothers and sis-
ters. She licked her arms with her
tongue and glared blankly about, imi-
tating a cat with all the monkey
cleverness a child has for imitations.

  “Naturally the father, Manfred
Jones, was astounded. More, he was
as badly frightened as a grown man
can be.

  ‘ ‘ ‘ Emily! Emily! ’ he cried, ‘ What
in heaven’s name possesses you? You
act as though you were bewitched!’

  “ ‘1 am!’ was the solemn answer.
‘The old witch said she would turn
me into a cat. And I can feel her
doing it now!’

  “Manfred Jones was an influential
man. Also, in common with a great
many other normally intelligent men,
he believed in witchcraft. lie took his
little daughter’s statement at face
value and proceeded against the so-
called witch with all the power at his
command.

  “In April of the year .1692 he
urged action against the old lady in a
public hearing presided over by six
magistrates and four ministers of the
gospel. So violent were his charges
and so high was feeling running
against the old woman that she was
promptly ‘cried out,’ 01* accused
formally of being a witch. Without
further ceremony she was thrown into
the crude town jail.

  “And now the girl Emily was terri-
fied at the consequences of her
thoughtless prank. She told of the
trick she had played. She pleaded
that the old woman be released,
swearing that she had made up the
whole thing. But 110 one believed
her. Solemnly it was judged that
Emily’s denials were a further proof
A WITCH’S CURSE

233

of the witch’s guilt: She had sent a
demon to the child which impelled
her to withdraw her charges!

  ‘ ‘ The jailer, an ignorant and super-
stitious man, furthered the misfor-
tune of the unhappy woman. He ac-
cused her of bewitching his stomach
so that it was seized by violent
cramps! And this absurd, utterly in-
sane charge wras the last straw. The
people of Salem were now so fright-
ened and angry that they visited the
magistrates in a body and demanded
that the witch be put to death.

  “The magistrates obeyed the peo-
ple’s wish. They decreed that the
witch be hanged.

  "By some odd telepathy the crone
had a premonition of her fate. At
the moment when the death deci*ee
was signed, according to the jailer,
she cried out and sank in a senseless
heap to the floor of the cell. And then
comes the strangest part of all. . . .

  “When she i*egainecl consciousness
she began to pace her cell like a
maniac, shrieking and shaking her
fists. ‘They’re going to hang me!’
she shouted in her high, shrill voice.
‘They’re going to kill me! And it’s
the Jones brat that’s the cause! She
told them I said I’d change her into
a cat. So they’re going to hang me!’

  “And it was at this point, the jail-
er said in his later account, that she
stopped dead-still and raised her
joined hands as though she were
praying.

  " ‘They’re killing me on the word
of a child!’ she said harshly. ‘Very
well—I’ll be quit with the child! By
all the devils in hell, by the stars in
heaven’s floor, by all the ghostly
'guards of that witchcraft of which I
am accused, I’ll do as the child
charged. I will change her into a
cat!’

  “And there in that dimly lit cell
the desperate old hag squatted on the
dirt floor and closed her eyes and
mumbled and whined to herself. And
back in the Jones home, Emily, half
sick with terror at the thing she’d

done, began to change under the very
eyes of her amazed family! With
every syllable the condemned witch
uttered half a mile away, the girl
jerked convulsively as though she had
been struck.

  “The pupils of her eyes quivered
and shook, and finally became slitted
and catlike. She began to crawl
around the floor in dead earnest now,
mewing and spitting. Actually a fine,
almost imperceptible growth of hair,
like fur, showed on her arms and the
backs of her hands!

  ‘‘We’ll never know what dread
thing would have happened—for ac-
tion was swift in Massachusetts in
1692. The mob poured down to the
jail with the death decree, burst open
the doors and proceeded to hang the
witch from a beam in her own cell!

  “Just before the final moment she
laughed, a high, empty, awful laugh.
‘You’ve got me now,’ she screamed.
‘But I’ll have my revenge! If I must
wait till the seventh generation, I’ll
have revenge!’

  “And then the end. She died with
a curse on her lips against the family
that had been the cause of her execu-
tion.”

Clara shuddered and covered her
face with her hands. And Boyd,
his own face ashen and his lips white
and dry, drew her close to him.

  “A mad, dangerous legend to let
live,” he whispered. “But, Clara—
my heavens! Surely you aren’t be-
lieving such a monstrous thing!”

  “Our ancestors in Salem were
strong, firm-minded, material men,
Boyd. If so many of such men be-
lieved in witchcraft—were so desper-
ately afraid of it that they took hu-
man life to protect themselves—it
would indicate that there is actually
something in the Black Art, wouldn’t
it?”

  “Impossible!” said Boyd. But
there was a shadow on his face that
contradicted the spoken word.
234

WEIRD TALES

  "Anyway, there are proofs,” said
Clara drearily. "Awful proofs!
Here are the records of the public
hearing where the witch was cried
out. And here is the death warrant.
And here is the document of Manfred
Jones.” She handed him a packet of
yellow papers, documents. "But here,
Boyd, is the most conclusive proof of
all—a picture of Emily Jones when
she was a woman, years after the
witch’s curse.”

  Boyd was conscious of a shudder as
he looked into the miniature that
showed the girl Emily grown up.

  With uncanny intuition the artist
had caught at secret, hidden things in
the sad face. The eyes, with their
spindle-shaped, ominously slitted pu-
pils ; the odd set of the head; the hint
of unnatural hair in the shading of
the delicate upper lip; all breathed of
unbelievable metamorphosis. Boyd
suddenly covered the picture with his
hand to shut out the queer eyes that
seemed to live and stare at him.

  "And my eyes, too, Boyd,” Clara
murmured, reading his thought.
"They are the same. And I—am the
seventh generation! The witch, with
her last breath, said distinctly the
seventh generation. And I am the
seventh! ’ ’

  "Clara, compose yourself, dear.”
Boyd’s face was white but steady.
"What you deduce, the thing you
fear, is not possible. Let us laugh at
this silly tale as it deserves, and for-
get it forever. Clara—will you marry
me?”

  ‘ ‘ In spite of—of-’ ’

. "In spite of the legend? Of course.
All the fairy-stories in the world
couldn’t change my love for you.
Please!”

  He held out his arms, and Clara,
doubting and wondering still but
tired to the death of bearing her
heavy burden alone, crept close to
him and gave her promise.

 "Just one thing more,” Boyd
called out as he was leaving, "what
was the name of that old witch of

yours? I’d like to look her up and
see from the records whether her son
was mythical or a real being who left
a family. It might help make your
mind easy if I gather all the facts in
the case.”

  "I’m not sure of her name,” said
Clara slowly. "The records I have
are contradictory there. The death
decree named her Joan Byfield. But
in the minutes of the public hearing
she was written down as Joan Bas-
field. I don’t know which is correct. ’ ’
"Basfield!” cried Boyd, startled.
"Basfield! Clara, tell me—is that
spelled with one ‘s’ or two?”
"Spelled with one ‘s,’ ” said Clara,
wondering at his excitement. “Why
do you ask?”

  "Oh—nothing. If it is spelled with
one ‘s,’ or if it was Byfield, it
couldn’t be the same. But — the
devil! It couldn’t be the same in any
event. The very idea is preposter-
ous!”

  "What are you talking of, Boyd?”
“Nothing, dear,” said Boyd, re-
fusing to meet her puzzled eyes.
“Nothing. A foolish passing thought
of mine, not worth mentioning.”
Slowly he descended the steps, his
head bent, his thoughts far away.

Life flowed smoothly for Boyd and
Clara Barringer.

  Realizing that setting is half the
trouble of any chronic mind disorder,
Boyd insisted on selling Clara’s old
stone house, putting the proceeds in
trust for her, and shortly afterward
they moved down to New York.

  The apprehension gradually faded
from Clara’s eyes—those eyes with
the odd, slitted pupils—and she wras
a normal, loving wTife. Boyd was con-
tent to believe that the fantasy that
had festered in her brain since she
was a girl, had faded from her con-
sciousness forever. The aged docu-
ments treating with one Joan Bas-
field, or Byfield, witch, who went
about transforming little girls into
cats, had been burned in the furnace
A WITCH’S CURSE

235

with all the ceremony the rite de-
manded; and the uncanny miniature
of Emily Jones had accompanied the
records into the fire.

  Clara moved contentedly and prosa-
ically about the handsome house Boyd
had bought in New York. And, after
two years, during which no shadow of
her delusion had obtruded, Boyd felt
that it was safe to make a request—a
request he would certainly have made
sooner had he not felt that trouble
might result from a certain similarity
of names.

  “Clara,” he said casually one eve-
ning, “we have plenty of room here.
I wonder if you would mind very
much if I had my Aunt Jane up for
a long visit ? She’s quite old and
helpless, alone in the world. Do you
care if 1 invite her?”

  Clara smiled. That Boyd was fond
of his mother’s sister she knew well.
Quite often he had mentioned her.
An old woman now, but still almost
dismayingly clever, she lived alone
with few friends and few interests in
life. She was devoted to her favor-
ite nephew, Boyd. Clara wondered
idly why he had never asked to have
her visit them before; and she found
liersclf eager to meet the woman who
commanded her man’s admiring re-
spect and affection.

  “I’ll be glad to have her come for
as long as she wants, dear,” she as-
sured him. “It’s a pity for an old
person to be alone as she is. Too bad
she hasn’t a nice old husband to share
her life.”

  Boyd grinned. “I’m afraid the
young men of her day and acquaint-
ance were too much in awe of her to
propose. She had rather a sharp
tongue, I’ve been told, in addition to
too many brains for a proper wife.
And her temper was notorious. Even
now she’s a terror when anything
angers or upsets her. Anyway, she
never married.”

  “Well, I’ll write and ask her at
once, Boyd. What is her full name
and address? If you’ve ever called

her anything but just Aunt Jane I
can’t remember it.”

  This, under the circumstances, was
a disturbing question, and Boyd had
dreaded it in spite of two years of
peace which had done so much to
erase the childish bogy of the witch’s
curse from Clara’s miud. As he
answered he was very careful to seem
carelessly offhand.

  “Her name,” he said lightly, “is
Jane Evers Bassfield. The address is
—why, Clara!”

  He caught her as she swayed and
seemed about to faint.

  But Clara’s surrender to old fears
was over in a few moments.

  “The names are so much alike,”
she explained later in the evening.
“Joan Basfield the witch—and Jane
Bassfield, your aunt. For an instant
I was rather startled. I’m sorry to
be such a fool, Boyd.”

 “I was afraid the name would
bother you,” Boyd confessed, “or I
would have asked her here long ago.
But now that you have cleared this
last hurdle I think we can safely say
that you are cured of your supersti-
tion—if you don’t mind my calling a
spade a spade. ’ ’

XX7iien Jane Bassfield arrived in

  *	* answer to her invitation, Clara
was further reassured. Obviously she
was a strong-minded, prideful old
lady with her firm, projecting chin
and arrogant nose. And her eyes
were that cool gray that can he gla-
cial in. moments of anger. But her
manner was warm and charming in
the extreme.

 “I’ve been perishing to meet
Boyd’s wife for two years. But. 1
couldn’t very well come without be-
ing invited, and I was afraid you
didn’t want to be bothered with dod-
dering old age. Show me the room
you’ve picked for me. my dear, and
come along and tell me how Boyd is
treating you. If lie’s a cruel hus-
band I’ll set the spirits on him !”
236

WEIEI) TALES

  Boyd hastened to answer the per-
turbed question that instantly rose in
Clara’s eyes.

  “She means that: she’ll disturb my
morning coffee by ghostly rappings
on the breakfast table,” he laughed.
"Aunt Jane is supposed to be psychic
and everything. ’ ’

  "Are you—really?” asked Clara,
gazing wide-eyed at the vigorous old
woman, and with that in her voice
that made Boyd wince in alarm.

  Jane Bassfield shrugged, the ges-
t are seeming almost masculine.

 "Who can say?” she evaded.
"Everyone assures me so often that
psychic phenomena are all faked that
I’m beginning to believe it myself.
But long ago I found that I could de-
fend myself from ignorant and un-
desirable people by claiming that I
was psychic. It became, and still is,
a favorite threat of mine to ‘set the
spirits on’ anyone who tries to cross
me. Heavens, child, don’t look at me
like that! I won’t bite you!”

  She put her hand in a kindly way
over Clara’s cold fingers, seeming not
to notice when the younger woman
quickly drew away from her. "Come
and show me your new house. You
must be fearfully successful, Boyd, to
buy such a tidy little mansion.”

                        «

Two days after Jane Bassfield ar-
rived. Clara’s maid, Agnes, left,
the Barringer employ. She left in a
panic at 11 o’clock at night, announc-
ing her change of heart, packing her
belongings, and fleeing out the front
gate all within one short half-hour.

  To Clara she gave no explanation
at all. To her good friend Beulah,
the cook, she gave a reason of sorts,
but it Avas so vague and unconvincing
that it was worse than no reason.

  "I don’t see anything wrong with
old Miss Bassfield,” Beulah had said
in answer to Agnes’ statement that
she was leaving because of Mr. Bar-
ringer’s aunt. "She’s awful strong-
minded and kind of particular. But
aside from that she’s all right.”

  ‘1 Oh, Beulah, you should have seen
what I saw just a few minutes ago.
You’d march right down and say you
were going to quit too! ’ ’

  "What’d you see?”

  "Well, you know I’ve been waiting
on the old woman, kind of, since she
got here. And Mrs. Barringer said it
would be nice if I took her up a glass
of hot milk. That was at half-past
10, just a few minutes ago. Well, I
heated some milk—you saw me—and
took it up to her.

  ‘ ‘ I knocked on her door and didn’t
get an answer, so I just went in,
thinking the old lady was asleep and
that I’d put the milk on the stand
near the bed for when she woke up.
But she wasn’t asleep.

  "I slipped in quiet and she didn’t
hear me, I guess. She was sitting
straight up in bed with a niglit-cap on
and just that little night-light going.
And then—what I saw!”

 "Well, what’d you see?” asked
Beulah impatiently.

 “Shadows!” said Agnes with a
tensity that would have been absurd
had it not been for the pallor of her
face.

 “What about the shadows?”
Beulah urged her.

  “She was sitting so the night-light
threw a big shadow of her against the
wall. And such a shadow! The end
of her nose and the end of her chin
almost came together. The night-cap
looked like a—a—I can’t tell you just
what, Beulah. All I can say is—she
looked like an old witch!”

  “Go on!” scoffed Beulah. "You.
a grown woman, saying such things! ’ ’
“But that wasn’t the worst,” said
Agnes, unheeding the jeer. “There
were other shadows sort of swimming
around hers on the wall. They looked
like shadows of nightmare animals all
bowing and dancing around the
shadow of her head with the nose and
chin almost coming together. But
when 1 looked at her and not at her
shadow* I couldn’t see any shapes of
animals around her. It was only the
A WITCH’S CURSE

237

shadows I could see.” Agnes stopped
for breath.

  “Then what!” prompted Beulah.

  "Isn’t that enough? The old lady
saw me standing there all of a sudden,
and she glared like she was going to
jump at me. Her eyes were all
whites, and she said, ‘Get out, you!’
And I got out. And I’m going to
keep right on getting out, Beulah. I
won’t live in a place with anyone like
that. Honest, I think she is a witch!”

 Which met with the scorn it
deserved. Beulah was a realistic soul,
and she treated Agnes’ raving with
amused indifference. But she was,
nevertheless, unable to persuade
Agnes to change her mind and stay
under the Barringer roof.

It was soon after this that Clara
Barringer began to be troubled
with insomnia. It was not the ordi-
nary affair of being unable to go to
sleep—it was a matter of being afraid
to let herself sink into slumber: her
dreams were so hideous! Just what
these nightmares were she couldn’t
have said herself. She never remem-
bered any of them. All she knew was
that they were utterly horrible and
left her weak and shaken in the morn-
ing.

  Boyd was more familiar with her
nightmares than she herself was—he
heard her mumbled, feverish whisper-
ing during the night only too often.
And piecing the broken snatches of
her sleep talk together, and viewing
with alarm the delirious pattern the
words produced, he went one day to
a famous mind specialist. To him he
told the story of the fantastic curse
that haunted his wife, and he
recounted the bits of sentences and
phrases that voiced her terror in the
nightmare-ridden night.

  At the conclusion of the account
the specialist pronounced the same
opinion that Boyd himself had
formed: his aunt, Jane Bassfield,
must le^ve their home at once!

  “For there is no doubt, my dear
man, that the presence of your aunt
and the odd coincidence of names
have wrought up the feelings of your
wife to a dangerous pitch. Really, I
couldn’t answer for her sanity if the
disturbing element, Miss Bassfield, is
not removed at once!”

  "And you think she’ll be herself
again as soon as my aunt leaves?”
Boyd’s voice was shaken. To the
doctor this was a most interesting and
intriguing case, but to Boyd it was
the anguish of his beloved wife.

  "I’m sure she’ll be all right when
your aunt leaves, Mr. Barringer.”
Boyd hesitated an instant before
putting his next question. He felt
like a fool, but for the life of him he
couldn’t restrain it.

  “Then there is no danger of—of
this thing coming true? There is no

chance that-?” He colored with

embarrassment.

  “No danger that the lady will turn
your wife into a cat?” The spe-
cialist ’s voice was as heavy with scorn
as he dared make it, what with the
size of the fee he had in mind as
suitable for the Barringer purse.
“Hardly, my dear fellow! That is
a metamorphosis rather incompatible
with the best customs of biology!”

  "I know it sounds ridiculous,”
Boyd confessed. “But if you had
seen my wife’s eyes last night! Her
eyes were always queerlv catlike, and
last night they were enormous, with

glints of green and yellow-”

  “Mr. Barringer, yoix will be my
patient too if you don’t watch your
step. Use your reason, man! Just
go out into the street here, and watch
the motors and trolley cars go by, and
to the accompaniment of that friendly
din say to yourself a dozen times—I
am afraid my aunt is going to change
my wife into a cat! If that doosn’t
make you roar with cleansing
laughter in about three seconds—
you’d better come back here and take
a few treatments yourself! ’ ’
23S

WEIRD TALES

Jane bassfield took Boyd’s awk-
ward attempts at mollifying
explanation better than he had hoped
she would. Indeed, she seemed almost
to have suspected some such condi-
tion.

  “I was afraid that Clara didn’t
like me,” she sighed. “I have tried
hard to be friends, but she seems
almost to fear me. I’ll go imme-
diately, of! course.”

  With Clara she seemed deeply
sympathetic.

  “I’m so sorry you haven’t been
feeling as Avell as usual. And I’m so
sorry I have to leave you—some busi-
ness matters at home that I must tend
to at once.”

  But lor one instant, just before
train time, she and Clara were alone.
And if Boyd could have heard and
seen he would not have been so sure
that the mere withdrawal of his
aunt ’s presence would leave his wife
as she had been before the visit.

  With her eyes gleaming like cold
fires, the grim old woman whispered
one sentence to Clara. The words
wiped the color from the younger
woman‘s face and sent the thick blood
rushing to her brain. It confirmed
her every dazed suspicion; and, in-
dicating only one possible explanation
to her mind, this sentence can be
pointed to as the final seal of her fate.

  ‘ ‘ Distance wen’t stop me, Clara
Jones, and you know it—you who also
know the history of Joan Basfield!”
Boyd was vastly disappointed that
day. He had hoped to the last that
he could reconcile his wife to the old
Jady; so it was most unfortunate that
Clara had suddenly become too ill to
accompany them to the train. . . .

/"''LARA baeringer’s illness, men-
^Mioned by the later newspaper
accounts of her curious disappear-
ance, persisted from this time on. In
the.course of the next month Boyd
called often at the office of the spe-
cialist in mind disorders.

  “Can it. be that there is something

physically wrong with her brain—
tumor or bone pressure or some-
thing?” he asked the doctor once.
“Why do you ask?”

  “Because she is suffering from the
most frightful headaches. Her eyes
have been tested and found ex-
cellent, so that this could not be the
cause. ’ ’

 “What does Mrs. Barringer say
about her headaches?” the doctor
probed.

 “She says they are due to—but
what she says is so fanciful that it
wouldn’t help you any to know.”
“Nevertheless, tell me what she
says is the cause, please.”

  “Well then,” answered Boyd, his
eyes averted, ‘ ‘ she says that it is due
to the changing of the shape of her
head. She says that her skull is
gradually growing rounder and flat-
ter—like a cat’s!”

  The doctor shook his head.

  “I’ve never heard nor seen before
so persistent a delusion,” he mused.
“But I’m afraid there is nothing we
can do. Power of mind over matter,
you know. She will probably continue
to suffer from these headaches until
we can cure her. If I could only see
her!”

  But this Boyd would not consent

to.

  “She becomes terribly angry if I
even mention you,” he confessed.
“She simply would not see you or
admit for one instant the chance that
her mind is not quite right.”
However, he was soon forced to
accede and obey the doctor’s request
that he see his patient personally.

  “Clara,” he asked anxiously one
day, “why do you walk so queerly,
with your arms hung so? You are
getting very round-shouldered.”

  Her voice was more disturbing in
the hopeless calm of its answer than
any wild hysteria would have been,
and her words sent him rushing once
again to the specialist’s office.

  “You know why, Boyd,” she said.
Just that and nothing more; no
A WITCH’S CURSE

239

attempt to explain or to answer his
words of protest.

  "You must come and see for your-
self, doctor,” he pleaded later. “The
time has arrived when we must do
something drastic. This must stop!”
"Describe to me the way she walks,
please.”

  ‘' It is very hard to describe. About
all I can say is that she walks almost
like—like an animal! Her arms hang
straight down before her, and are
drawn close together as though they
were—were forelegs. She bends far
over from the waist so that her hands
are nearly on a level with her knees.
And her stride itself has changed so
that, while she seems to rise and fall
as though on pads, she is yet more
awkward. ’ ’

  ‘ ‘ Quite in order with the cat
delusion,” pronounced the doctor.
"I’ll como this evening as a personal
friend. Don’t hint to her that. I’m
calling in a professional capacity.”
The call was not productive. After
talking with Clara Barringer and
sounding her as deeply as he dared,
the specialist admitted that he was
rather undecided as to what to do
next. And, as it is the custom to do
in such cases, ho advised consulting
another specialist.

  Writing a name and address on his
card, lie handed it to Boyd.

 "Go and see this man,” he
suggested. “Your wife’s case has
passed beyond the confines of the
mind and into the purely physical. A
physician should sec her at once, and
this man is of the best. He is partie-\
ularly well informed concerning bone
ailments—and I think he will need
all his knowledge to diagnose the
trouble that has bent your wife’s
shoulders and rounded them so
decidedly. ’ ’

  So another great specialist called at
the Barringer home and examined
Clara with microscopic care. This
time the identity was admitted.
Boyd did not attempt to pass the
doctor off as a friend. Specimen blood

was taken, and the specialist left in a
noncommittal fog of silence to take
his problem to the laboratory and
pronounce sentence accordingly.

  “Poor Boyd!” said Clara softly.
"It’s no use, dear. You might as
well save us both grief and wasted
time. No^ doctor can help me—unless
he can go back two hundred years and
save old Joan Basfield from a witch’s
death! ’’

 “Clara, for God’s sake-” At

the look in her eyes, Boyd slopped
helplessly.

  The findings ol! the second specialist
threw no scientific light on the sub-
ject of the malformation of Clara’s
back and shoulders.

  “There is absolutely nothing wrong
with Mrs. Barringer that I can lay
my finger on with definite knowl-
edge,” he said. "Yet there is some-
thing decidedly wrong with the set
of her shoulders and the curve of her
spine. ’ ’

  Boyd eyed the doctor intently,
sensing evasion.

  "You are quite sure your lab-
oratory tests revealed no unusual
circumstance?” he insisted.

  The doctor stroked his bearded
chin.

  "There was one perplexing dis-
covery,” lie said uneasily. “How-
ever, I can only think it was the fault
of the microscope. I have sent the
instrument out to bo inspected for
lens flaws, and have submitted the
slide I was studying 1o a professional
laboratory for their opinion. But of
course the error must lie in my micro-
scopo. There could actually be no
such blood corpuscles as the glass
revealed. ’ ’

  "What was the matter?” Boyd’s
voice was strained.

  “There were present, in the blood
specimen I obtained, some corpuscles
that were—T hardly know how to say
it-”

  “Not human?” Boyd suggested,
biting his lips for self-control.
240

WEIRD TALES

  "Yes,” said the doctor, staring,
"exactly.”

  "Like a cat’s?” Boyd’s voice was
unrecognizable.

  "How in the world did you guess
that, man?” cried the doctor.

  Boyd told haltingly of the delusions
from which Clara suffered.

  ‘ ‘ But she is mad! ’ ’ said the doctor.
"Utterly mad! She needs more than
a physician, my friend. Forgive me
for saying it, but she should be given
the expert care of an institution for
the mentally deranged.”

  ‘4 Y our microscopic findings ? ’ ’

Boyd said dully. "They prove-”

  *	‘ They prove no such crack-brained
thing as you suggest,” interrupted
the doctor. ‘ ‘ In these days of highly
artificial civilization humanity is
rapidly succumbing to new diseases.
Assuming my microscope is correct, I
have merely been fortunate enough,
from my standpoint at least, to be in
a position to tabulate and announce a
new medical discovery: that is all.”

 But it was not quite all. The
worthy doctor was offered another
profound scientific puzzle before a
week had passed.

  A fine, downy growth of hair was
appearing 011 Clara Barringer’s arms
and body!

 With detached excitement the
doctor took several specimens and
hastened to his microscope, which had
been returned to him marked
mechanically perfect. He examined
the specimen intently. Then he
phoned Boyd and asked him to come
to his office at once.

  "It is like no hair that I have ever
seen before,” lie concluded.. “It is
not like hair at all. It is like—f ur!”
Boyd was utterly beyond words.
He merely nodded, with his eyes
closed and his lips compressed. Still
without a word he left the doctor’s
office and went directly to the rail-
road station. . . .

Doyd’s interview with his aunt, a
hundred miles away, was not
very satisfactory.

  "Boyd, you are entirely insane!
Clara’s family history is correct.
There was a Joan Basfield who was
hanged for witchcraft in Salem in the
year 1692. I will go further and
admit that I am a direct descendant
of that unfortunate woman—her son
changed the name to Bassfield, with
a double ‘s’, for reasons that are now
unknown. But as for the prepos-
terous bewitchment you are talking

of-!”

  "So you are of the blood of Joan
Basfield, the witch!” Boyd flung at
her. “And this is the seventh genera-
tion ! The seventh generation! ’ ’
Then he leaned back, ashamed of his
violence.

  “You poor boy!” murmured Jane
Bassfield without reproach. “Go back
to Clara. She needs you. And give
her my sincerest love and sympathy. ’ ’
On the train that bore him back,
Boyd tried not to think of the shadow
of a cold, unearthly smile that had
seemed to tighten the comers of the
old woman’s lips. He had, of course,
imagined this. He was imagining
many things of late. . . .

  At the door of his home he hes-
itated before admitting himself. He
was imagining things again. It
seemed to him as though a palpable
aura of loathsome shadows hung over
that house of his. But he was not
left to stand long. Mary—the maid
wrho had replaced Agnes—flung open
the door and beckoned him in before
he could insert his key in the lock.
She had, it appeared, waited there for
him, and her relief at his return wras
almost hysterical.

  "Oh, Mr. Barringer, Mr. Barringer,
something’s the matter with your
missus! Something’s the matter—

something-”

  Boyd shook the girl roughly as her
voice rose from key to key in over-
strung distress. His hands, clutching
A WITCH’S CURSE

241

at her arms more savagely than he
knew, jerked her back to some control
of herself.

 "What is wrong?” he urged.
"Tell me!”

  "I don’t know what it is. Some-
thing. She’s in her room and won’t
let anyone come in. She’s locked the
door! ’ ’

  ‘ ‘ Why did she lock herself in ? ’ **
Boyd was wrhite-faced with a fore-
boding he would not admit even to
himself. "Was she ill?”

  "No, not exactly. I can’t say she
was sick, hardly. Worse than that!”
Mary wrept noisily, fearfully.

  "What was the matter, then? Tell
me how she looked!”

  "She looked awful, Mr. Barringer.
I can hardly tell you. But less than
an hour after you left she began to
changc. The hair on her arms and
body that you went to see the doctor
about got longer and thicker like it
was growing under your very eyes.
And she got—smaller!”

  "Smaller? What are you talking
about, Mary!”

 "That’s just what!” repeated
Mary, her voice rising shrilly again.
“She sort of shriveled up. She sat
down in the big chair in the library,
and she fell asleep. I looked in at
her when she was just dozing off, and
again when she just woke up. And I
saw all the change in her. And I say
she was littler! She was a foot
shorter when she got up than when
she had sat down ! ’ ’

 “Mary—think what you’re say-
ing!” Boyd shook her again. “You
don’t mean to say such a thing.
You were mistaken!”

 "No I wasn’t, either. She was
really smaller. Her clothes hung
loose all over her. And she was
stooped more than I ever saw her be-
fore ! ’ ’

 "Then what?” prompted Boyd,
licking his dry lips.

  ‘ ‘ Then’s when she went to her
room. All of a sudden she woke up.
I was watching her. And she gave
W. T.—3

one look at herself in the big mirror
in the nail. She screamed out like
someone had stabbed her. And before

I	could say a word she turned and
scuttled up the stairs. She didn’t
run, Mr. Barringer-—she scuttled!
As she went her hands hung so low
that they touched the stairs, and she
seemed to help herself along with
them, too, like an animal! And her

 Boyd waited to hear no more.
Releasing the girl from his clutch so
suddenly that she nearly fell, he
turned and raced up the stairway to
Clara’s room. He did not stop to
turn on the lights but ran down the
dark hall with the certainty of long
familiarity.

  “Clara,” he called, tapping on the
panels of her door. No light showed
from the slit under the door. Her
room was in pitch darkness; and
there was no answer to his call.

 "Clara—it’s Boyd. Open the
door.” Still there was no answer, no
sound from the darkened room. He
twisted at the knob but the door was
locked.

 "Clara, can you hear me?” He
pounded on the panels till the skin
was knocked from his knuckles,
though he did not feel the pain.

  "I will have to break the door
down,” he said, speaking aloud and
entirely unaware that he had so
spoken.

  There was a stir in the darkened
room, a voice that he could hardly
recognize as Clara’s.

  “Go away! Oh, please go away!”

  “I must get. in, Clara.”

 “No! No! Go away!” The voice
wras high and keen, almost metallic.
It sounded more like a violin string
that had been plucked too harshly
than like a human voice.

 “But, darling,” soothed Boyd,
“don’t you see—if you’re not well
I’ll have to call the doctor. You
can’t stay on in there by yourself.
You must have some kind of atten-
tion.”
242

WEIRD TALES

  “Boyd, no!”

  “Won’t you let me send Mary in
to you if vou don't want me?”

 “No!”

  ‘‘Clara, dear—please.’'

  “No, Boyd, no! Oil, go away!”

  Boyd called upon his will for a last
effort.

  “I’ll break in if you don’t unlock
the door!”

 “Boyd, you mustn’t-”

With his shoulder aching and
tingling from the shock. Boyd
stepped through the splintered door-
way and into the darkness of the
room. The shades were tightly drawn,
and this in addition to the natural
gloom of a moonless night made the
room like a pocket. He tried to
penetrate the blackness with his eyes
but could see nothing.

  His hand groped along the wall for
the light switch. The movement was
arrested by the voice—the voice that
was like and yet not like Clara's. i\t
the sound of that voice his searching
fingers seemed to coil in 011 them-
selves its though they had louehed ice.

  “Don’t light the light! Oh, don’t
light the light! Whatever you do you
mustn’t touch Ihe light!”

  Boyd held his breath till his chest
ached. The voice had come from low
down—from almrtst the level of the
floor!

  What sight, would meet his eyes if
he flooded that room with light?
What machination of Joan Basfield.
dead two hundred and thirty years,
would reveal itself? Better never to
enter this room again, better never to
look on his wife’s face again, than
stun his brain with the spectacle that
intuition told him would confront
his eyes!

 But this was nonsense! Such

  things could not be! He would light
the light so that he could go to Clara
and soothe her out of her fears. Then
—after she was well again—they
would smile together at their fantastic
terrors. His fingers sought along the
wall for the switch.

  '' Don ’1 ! I )on ‘1 ! ” t he voice
pleaded.

  Out of the whirlpool of his mind
Boyd clutched at one perplexing
straw. It was a small thing, it
seemed, to take up his thoughts at
such a moment, but the wonder of it
grew and grew.

 “How—how do you know what I
am doing?” he whispered at last. “It
is too dark for you to see me. I can’t
see you.”

  “ I see every move you make,” said
the voice. “I can see as well in this
room as you can in daylight.”

  “But how? It is pitch-dark in
here! How can you see?”

  “Oh, Boyd,” moaned the voice,
“you know why I can see in the
dark as well as in the light! You
know! ’ ’

  “I won’t believe it.” said Boyd
hoarsely. “I tell you I won't believe
it! T won’t! 1 won’t!”

  Again his questing fingers fumbled
for the light switch. “I’m going to
turn on this light! ”

  “You mustn't, 1 say! You must

mt1-”

  There was a dick and the room was
flooded with light.

  For a dozen eternities Boyd stood
there in the doorway, staring with
frightful eyes at a small, furry body
that shuddered and huddled in the
corner.

  There was a soft patter of frantic
paws. The supple, feline body flashed
by him and out of the door with a
scream that was almost human.
THE THREE

By LOUISE VAN DE VERG

“T NEVER saw such a thick fog,”
said the man. “Where do you
JL suppose we are by this time?”
“I don’t know,” returned the wo-
man. "Frank, I’m afraid.”

  "What nonsense, Margaret! The
driver set us in the right path! ’ ’
"Did he?”

  "Of course he did!” said the man.
testily. ‘‘Don’t let yourself get nerv-
ous. Don’t you suppose that driver
knows his business? He’s been meet-
ing the ships from—from—the ships
down there at the docks for twenty
years. He told me so.”

  “I heard that.” Margaret’s little
gloved hand moved a trifle franti-
cally. "Frank, you don’t remember,
either! That’s—that’s what’s un-
nerved me—not the fog! I can’t re-
member where it is we’ve come from
—nor where we’re going!” Tears
were near the surface of her voice.
‘ ‘ Frank—do you remember ? ’ ’

"Of course I do! We’ve come

from-” There was a long, blank

pause, through which the white fog
dripped from invisible trees and fell
with little pattering sounds to the un-
seen ground. They could see nothing
but a short stretch of beaten path,
with a little green at the edges, al-
ways the same, receding into the fog
at their backs, appearing from the
fog in front of them. They con-
tinued to walk, but there was panic
between them as they paced through
the looming and invisible wood.

  At last the man spoke. "I don’t
remember,” he said, under his breath.
"I—don’t—remember.” The silence
fell again, heavily, oppressive as the
fog.

  They came to the gate before they
knew it was there, and paused before
it, doubtfully.

  “Shall we go through?” asked the
woman.

  “The path does; and the driver

said-”

  "Ah, don’t speak to me of the
driver!” But she opened the gate,
and they went through together. The
sound of the dripping trees grew faint
behind them, and there Avere floAvers
beside the path, noAv, “ I hope Edith
has not been worrying about us,” said
Margaret.

  ‘‘Edith! ’’ cried the man. '‘ Edith!

Then you do-”

  “It came to me all at once,” she
said, wondering. “Until you spoke
I didn’t realize I hadn’t Ini own be-
fore.”

  “Edith what?”

  “I—don’t remember her married
name. She’s a widow, and Ave’re—

Ave ’re-’ ’

  As she spoke they came to a house
—a small, comfortable cottage, by
what they could see of it. "We’re
what ? ’ ’ asked the man.

  "I don’t remember that,” she an-
sAvered, the anxious frown on her
broAV again. “It must be that we
have been invited to call—if we Avere
to stay longer we’d have had our oavii
bags. I—almost feel I know this
house, Frank! I suppose it’s because
Edith has sent me pictures, but I
don’t remember it, if she did—nor
Edith, either! It’s charming, isn’t
it?”

  “We’ll have one like it, Mrs.
DaAves,” said the man, smiling at her,
“after the honeymoon’s 0Arer.”

  “I—don’t know that I Avant it,”
she said, somberly, making no re-
sponse to his OArerture. “It’s charm-
ing. but it—frightens me.”

   ‘ * You ’re nervous. ’ ’

  “I wish I could remember! If I
could remember I’d be all right.”

                                               •243
WEIRD TALES

  "It’ll come back to you,” he re-
assured her. “It’s begun already.
Isn’t there anyone home, d’you
think ? ’ ’

  “I don’t know.” Margaret sighed.
"You might ring,” she suggested.

  A moment later, Edith was at the
door. “How do you do?” she said,
interrogatively. It was plain she did
not know them. Margaret felt a shock
of surprize, but was able to answer.

 “I am Margaret Chiltern,” she
said. There! She had made the mis-
take she had feared to make. Mar-
garet Chiltern, indeed! Margaret
Dawes since this morning. She
glanced at her husband. There was
no expression in his face.

  "Come in, Mrs. Chiltern.” Edith
was opening the door. "And Mr.
Chiltern! I’m glad to see you. I was
almost afraid you’d bo lost in this
fOST ”

   O'

  Well, well, it wras a natural mistake
011 her part. Why didn’t Frank cor-
rcet her? She was a hospitable soul,
thought Margaret, but typical of the
women whom matrimony deadens,
whose husbands leave them for other
women by the time they reach the for-
ties. Perhaps she had been spared
a heavier heartache, by her husband’s
early death. These thoughts were in
the top of Margaret’s mind as she fol-
lowed her hostess down the passage.
Beneath them surged horror. Horror
of what? She would not look at it
long enough to find out; she was only
able to cast oblique glances, and see
the matronly figure of Edith moving
kindly in its midst.

  "This is your room,” said Edith,
opening a door.

  “Why, our trunks are here!” cried
Margaret.

  “Yes,” said the woman with a sur-
prized look. “What’s the matter,
Mrs. Chiltern?”

  “Nothing—nothing,” said Marga-
ret. “You have—unusually quick
service here.”

  “Yes, it’s good,” assented Edith.
"You’ll want to freshen up, after

your journey, I suppose. I’ll see to
tea, unless there’s something else I
can do for you.”

  “Thank you, we shan’t need a
thing, ’ ’ said Margaret.

  “I don’t usually have tea, when
I’m alone,” Edith said, "and it’s
such a pleasure to me that you like it.
I always had it when Ronny was
home.” She smiled, and left them.

 "Now is Ronny her husband?”
wondered Margaret.

 "Don’t, Meg!” Frank almost
moaned the words. "Let’s get away
from here! I don’t like it, Margaret!
There’s—there’s something about that
woman! ’ ’

  "Why, Frank!”

  "I didn’t dare correct her about
the names,” he went on. "There’s
something about that woman,” he re-
iterated. ‘ ‘ I’m—yes, I am! I’m
afraid of her! ’ ’

  "You’re getting as bad as I am,”
smiled Margaret, but without mirth.
"She’s a dear thing.”

  "Yes, but Margaret, I know her, I
tell you! I know her! Only I—
can’t remember. Did—did you see
that scar on her throat ?”

  "I saw it,” she answered steadily.
But she was unable to hide a small
shudder that possessed* her at the mo-
ment of speech. “This room’s—fa-
miliar, somehow', too,” she said, after
a minute. “I know I’ve been in this
room before. ’ ’

  ‘ ‘ How could you have been ? ’ ’

  ‘ * I don’t know. Maybe it’s because
it’s—it’s like the rooms the women’s
magazines tell you how to furnish. I
don’t suppose I really have been in
it,” she added, gazing idly into the
fog. “She’d remember me, if I had
been. I think the fog’s not so thick.”
. "Let’s go back, now, Margaret, be-
fore she comes again, wThile the fog
will hide us.”

 "Back where? Oh, Frank, I
couldn’t go back to those woods again
not knowing where we were going, or
what would happen!”

  "You don’t know what’s going to
THE THREE

245

happen here. It may he something
horrible. I feel it. Margaret. I feel
something horrible in the air. Please
come away, darling!-’

  “It's the fog,” she assured him.
Edith’s knock prevented a repeti-
tion of his plea. They went out to sit
at a pleasant tea-table and smile po-
litely comfortable smiles at their
mysterious hostess, who placidly
poured, and served, and chatted in a
halo of terror.

 "Ronny—my boy, you know—is in
South America—with a steamship
company. He’s a dear boy, and a
very capable officer. He’s doing aw-
fully well.”

  ‘‘I’m glad of that,” said Margaret.
“ Do you hear from him often?”

  A distressed look crossed Edith’s
face. "I haven’t heard from him
since the earthquake.” she. said. "But
really, I don’t suppose there’s any
reason to worry. That country, you
know! That earthquake was when I
lost my husband,” she told them.

  It was hard for Margaret to sit with
a polite face, even a sympathetic lace,
while icy fear swirled about her. She
ventured a glance at Frank. He, too,
was tortured.

  Edith’s voice continued, to an ac-
companiment of Margaret’s murmur
of sympathy. "We had been driving,
you know, and we were coming home.
Frank—my husband’s name was
Frank, too, like yours, Mrs. Ohiltern
—Frank had been nervous all day and
the traffic had bothered him. You
know, T believe there is something in
the air, before a quake! At, any rate,
we both felt it—a kind of tension, you
know. We were glad to get home.
I went in first, and Frank was right,
behind me. Wc had one of Ihose big
hat-racks, with mirrors, in the hall,
and the first thing T noticed was that
it was moving. The next minute I
knew nothing.”

  A hat-rack with a mirror—a dark
hall—a woman coming in out of the
night. As though in a moving pic-
ture, Margaret saw herself in that

hall, moving from that shadow with a
gleaming—what? Not a knife! Yet.
in the picture it was a knife, and Mar-
garet seemed quite calm. In a whirl
of horror she forced herself to listen.

  “The mirror was broken, and a
piece of the glass cut me here." Edith
touched the scar 011 her throat. "I
had a bad concussion, and was un-
conscious for several weeks. T never
even knew when Mr. Dawes’ funeral
took place—I have never known the
date.” She rose. "We need some
more jelly,” she said placidly, moving
to the kitchen.

  This horror left her untouched, yet
she was part of it. The pictures were
whirling now, before Margaret’s eyes.
She could no longer hide from them
the knife, nor its use, nor their flight,
nor their capture—nor the plain, bare
room from which they had started
1 hat morning, with the terrible throne
in its center—the throne of death.

  "Frank!” she whispered. "Frank!
Her husband’s name was Frank
I )awes! * ’

  "We hail seen this house before. It
was mine -where I lived—with—
her.” He was breathing heavily.
"She doesn’t know us.” he whispered.
‘‘She doesn’t know us—and I guess
she never will.”

  “We’ll have to get away!”

  “We can’t. We were brought;
we’ll have to stay.”

  “But we’re (lead. Frank! We’re
dead! And I thought after we were
dead we’d—we’d be together.”

  "She was dead first; and we are
together-—wilh her.”

  "We’ve (jof to get away, Frank!”
“We can’t. I know we can’t.”
There was a dreary and desolate final-
ity in the insistent repetition.

  “Even—here—it follows us,” she
mused, and she did not again think
of flight.

  Edith was in the room again. “I’ve
been very much alone, since then,”
she said. "That was why I adver-
tised for a couple, or two ladies to
246

WEIRD TALES

live with me. I do hope, ‘ ’ she smiled,
“that, you won’t call me Mrs. Dawes,
Mrs. Cliiltem. Let’s not stand on
ceremony. My name is Edith, you
know. ’ ’

Margaret’s lips were stiff, but she
smiled. “I will call you Edith,” she

said. “I’ve felt from the first I knew
you well.”

  “I’m glad. And may I cad you
Margaret?” She moved to the win-
dow. “The fog has lifted,” she said.
“We can see the woods plainly. I
love those trees! ’ ’

JOAN

I^OR centuries the myth that a
| woman once occupied the papal
chair at Rome persisted and was
believed by many scholars. The fa-
ble seems to have been first launched
in the Thirteenth Century, although
she was said to have lived four hun-
dred years before; most, writers
placed her reign at about 855
to 858 A. D. The story most
common was that she was of
English descent (though one ac-
count has made her the daughter of
a Thessalian) but was bora at Ingel-
heim or Mainz, in Germany. Her
name at this time is sometimes given
as Agnes. At school she was clever
and studious. In her youth she fell
in love with a young Benedictine
monk, and clad in male attire fled
with him to Athens. After his death
she removed to Rome, still disguised
as a man, and rose rapidly in the
church, being distinguished for high
integrity and great learning. Pres-
ently she was elected cardinal and
soon afterward pope. Most of the
accounts then represented her as hav-
ing died under very discreditable

circumstances, during a religious
celebration.

  So firmly established was the be-
lief in this story that as late as 1843
and 1845 two ponderous works on
the subject were published by Dutch
scholars; the first, by Professor Kist,
to prove the existence of Pope Joan,
and the second, by Professor
Wensing, to demolish Kist’s argu-
ment. Aii Italian investigator turned
out a volume in 1845 upon the sub-
ject, and Dollinger, of Germany,
about 1870 devoted a consider-
able part of a volume to dis-
proving the yarn. Kist thought
that Pope Joan was possibly the
widow of Pope Leo IV, who died
in 855. But history seems to show
pretty conclusively that Benedict III
succeeded Leo IV, and reigned from
855 to 858. Another writer claimed
that Joan reigned for a short time
between Leo and Benedict.

  There are some people still who
repeat the old gossip for truth, but
the whole thing is so preposterous
and so utterly without foundation
that modern historians dismiss it as
a myth.
The-Isle of

Lost-Souls

   <JO€L OARTIN NICH01‘5 Jr

 “I was afraid,” said Karlak, “that'you would
 not call upon me until too late.”

The Story Thus Far

RALPH hearne, riding in a New York subway
in the year 2014, is recognized by Dr. Trask
as the reincarnation of Boris Saranoff, who nearly
a century before had helped bury the jewels of the
Russian imperial family in the sea at Bakelief
Island, Alaska. Dr. Trask is himself the reincar-
nation of Gregory Birsk, an unscrupulous Russian
soldier of fortune who had tried to obtain the
jewels for himself and been slain in a duel; and
Dr. Trask’s lovely wife is the reincarnation of the
Grand Duchess Tatiana, the murdered Tsar's
daughter, who escaped the massacre of her family
by the Bolsheviks at Ekaterinburg. Dr. Trask
projects himself, his wife, Hearne, and Merwiu
(the doctor’s assistant, who is the reincarnation
of MetkanofI) back into the past in the Fourth
Dimension, hoping that by their combined psychic
power they can change the course of past events
and discover the hiding-place of the Tsar’s jewels.
He plans to betray his wife and Hearne, leaving
them stranded in the Fourth Dimension nearly a
century in the past, while he returns to his body
in 2014 A. D. and organizes an expedition to
Bakelief Island to recover the jewels for himself.
The four arrive on the island and enter the bodies
of the Russians. Saranoff fights a due! with
Birsk, who fails to change the course of fate and
is lulled. He has with him the ling containing the
little pellets that would enable Hearne and Mrs.
Trask to return to their own bodies. They arc
stranded back in the past in the bodies of Sara-
noff and Tatiana.

10.	Stranded in the Past

KARLAK recovered himself
first. With a single bound he
. cleared a way through those
between himself and Hillis. A sudden
blow and he had felled the man hold-
ing the American.

  He turned to the girl. ‘‘Quick!” he
shouted. “Over the cliffs!?’

  She, too, seemed rooted to the spot,
but Marta pushed her toward the
edge. A quick rush, and the dazed
Saranoff was beside her, his hand still
gripping his useless arm. An instant
later and they jumped almost
together, landing on the shelving
ledge ten feet below. Karlak and
Hillis waited only until they were
once more on their feet; then be and
Hillis jumped also.

            247

 This story began in WEIRD TALES for December
246

WEIRD TALES

  Metkanoff was the first of Birsk's
henchmen to realize what had
happened. Running, pistol in hand,
to the edge of the cliff, he knelt and
leaned over, aiming carefully at the
scrambling group below. They were
helpless to shield themselves, but
even as his finger tightened on the
trigger he felt himself seized about
the waist, and then, locked in old
Marta’s withered arms, ho staggered
and tottered over the void until
balance left him and he fell, dragging
her with him, to the waiting Pacific
below. Mcrwin, still projected from
Metkanoff’s true body, read his doom
in the falling man, screamed once—
and vanished.

  Pandemonium reigned on 1he cliff.
Few had brought firearms, and those
who had were in no mind to venture
too near the edge, over which two of
their number had so quickly gone to
their deaths. Before they could
collect their scattered wits there came
a shout from one of them, and then,
looking down into the valley, they
saw three figures running toward the
edge of the basin.

  Ralph Hearne, in Saranoff's body,
had viewed this swift course, of events
with horrified dismay. Whatever
chance Gloria Trask might have had
of returning to her own world, her
own body, was now.irretrievably lost,
so far as he could see. Birsk had been
killed, leaving Trask's soul to Iho.
horrible fate of wandering through
eternity. There now remained only
the ring, which would be on Birsk’s
finger, since Metkanoff, after taking it
from Saranoff, had given it to Birsk
the day they were captured. But.
Birsk's body was in the Pacific quite
out of reach. And even if Birsk’s
body lay within Saranoff’s reach
Hearne could not touch the ring
because one of the innumerable
dimensions of space lay between him
and it. And with Trask gone and
Merwin gone and their psychic power
destroyed there would not be enough

psychic power left between Hearne
and Gloria Trask to enable Hearne to
suspend the laws of space and reach
through the dimension which lay be-
tween him and the ring and take it.
Xo, her soul was to be lost as well as
his. Saranoff and the grand duchess
were rushing on now to their doom;
a few hours would see them die. It
had been so ordained.

  Hearne took some cold comfort in
the fact that no act of his had
contributed to the loss of Gloria
Trask’s soul. And thinking thus, lie
allowed himself once more the max-
imum of relaxation in Saranoff’s
body, realizing that the latter had
now emerged in the valley and was
running with Karlak, the grand
duchess and ITillis toward the basin.

  The launch of the Narcissus was
moored to the rough stone quay near
the shore. It required but a few
moments for the fugitives to scramble
into it. and push off to the yacht. As
they swarmed up the companionway
ladder there were tiny geysers rising
in the water below them, and distant
reports from the cliffs told them a
few of those they had left behind had
resorted to their rifles.

  Hillis tore the tarpaulin from
the machine-gun where Birsk had
mounted it on the forecastle, and in
another moment the harsh rattle of it
sent the. Russians on the cliffs scurry-
ing to shelter. Then a deep silence
descended on the island.

  “It was a queer thing, that pain
coming in my shoulder just when it
did,” Saranoff was saying to the
grand duchess. “It felt just like a
searing red-hot iron. I thought some-
one had shot me.”

  “Isn’t there a wound there?” she
asked.

  He turned back his coat and opened
his shirt. “Not a thing,” he mur-
mured.

  “And I thought I heal’d a pistol

shot,” she added.
THE ISLE OF LOST SOULS

249

wonder what those devils are up
to?'' fumed Karlak when an
hour's close watch on the hills above
the basin had failed to show them
sign of any living thing. “They’re
planning some deviltry, but 1 can’t
imagine what it may be. ”

  The silence was, indeed, ominous.

  *	‘ I don’t know what they could
possibly do,” began Karlak, once
more. "There’s nothing—St. Mi-
chael ! ’ ’

  Came a whistling shriek overhead
and then a great geyser of water shot
skyward near the farther side of the
basin, many yards away from the
yacht. On the heels of it there was a
re-echoing crash from the cliffs which
sent the nesting sea-gulls into the
air with wild flapping of pinions and
raucous cries. Karlak’s face went
white.

  ‘ ‘ By heaven! ” he cried. ‘ ‘ I for-
got the gun! We unshipped it from
the vessel that brings us supplies,
and now it’s up over the passage.
They could sink us in a few
minutes! ’ ’

  Another whistle and shriek, and a
second shot plunged into the basin,
this time no nearer the vessel than
before.

  "They can’t hit us from where the
gun is now,” said Karlak. "There’s
an intervening ledge of rock between
us and them, and they have to shoot
too high to clear it. But it won’t take
more than a few minutes to move the
gun.”

  Iiis surmise was correct. A third
shot from the cliff had apparently
convinced them that: they were but
wasting their ammunition.

  Half an hour later those on the
Narcissus saw a group of figures
tugging with ropes on one of the
upper cliffs, and not long afterward
they saw the black muzzle of the
piece swing into place behind a bar-
rier of stones. Hillis tried to reach
them with the machine-gun, but they
were safely out of range.

  Presently a shell shrieked over the
basin and dropped close 1o the bows
of the Narcissus. Scarcely had the
ripples on the water died away than
another whined through the air,
crashing into the forecastle and ex-
ploding just under Hillis and the
machine-gun.

  Saranoff started forward, but Ivar-
Jak held him back, pointing with
trembling finger at the limp figure of
Hillis lying in the torn and twisted
debris about the gun. Almost at the
same moment the forward part of the
Narcissus burst into flame, and soon
a dense pall of smoke rolled upward,
shutting the cliffs from Ihcir vi.-w.

  "I think we’d better abandon ship
under cover of that smoke,” said
Karlak. "We can swim to th>' shore
and hide in one of those caves. But
I’d better got some food to carry with
us. Wait here.”

  He ran down the companiouway
stairs to the saloon. Hearnc parted
to follow, but at that instant another
shell shrieked out of the smoke, tear-
ing and crashing its way through 1o
the saloon deck. There came a second
rending crash from below as it ex-
ploded, followed by a burst of white-
hot flame from the ignited woodwork.

  Saranoff dropped down the
companionway and gazed into the
blazing cabin. Karlak lay there full
on the floor amidst a duller of broken
crockery and torn hangings.

  "Karlak! Karlak!” cried Sara-
noff, running to the prostrate man.
"Karlak, arc you badh hit ?”

  "Don’t bother—with me—get out
—away from here—while you can.
They’ll be sure to board you when
they sec it burning. <«o!”

  His head slumped downward, his
voice trailed off into silence. Sara-
noff, fearing his coat away, pul his
ear to Karlnk’s heart, ft was still!

  As he emerged from the compan-
ionway another shell shrieked over
25C

WEIRD TALES

their heads, this time plunging into
the basin. He hurried to the girl.
"We’ve got to get over the side and
swim for it,” he exclaimed. "Can
you swim?”

  "Yes.”

  Suiting action to the word they
dropped over the side and into the
water. By this time the Narcissus
was beginning to list heavily toward
them, while smoke poured over her
forward and aft. The firing from the
cliffs had ceased for that moment, at
least. The time to go was now, under
the shelter of the black pall, which
rolled heavenward from the doomed
vessel.

  Swimming slowly with only their
heads near the surface for a neces-
sary draft of air, they struck out
toward the promontory under which
the cavern led through to the Pacific.
Scarcely had they reached the ledge
beneath it than there came a shout
from the cliffs behind them, followed
by a report. A rifle bullet smacked
against the stones above their heads,
sending down a clutter of stones and
gravel. Churning the water with
powerful strokes Saranoff pushed the
girl ahead of him into the cavern.
The tide was coming in and the open-
ing was already nearly covered with
water, but, knowing the path as they
uid, they were able to push in until
the air and darkness of the inner
tunnel greeted them once more.

  Saranoff knew they must hurry if
they were to reach the other side be-
fore the tide filled the farther end of
the cavern, but to be caught between
the two would not be fatal, since they
could linger in the upper reaches
until it ebbed again. He doubted
whether they would be pursued far at
this time. Later they might easily be
trapped on the other side if the
islanders guessed their purpose.

  At that moment there was a
splashing in the tunnel behind them,
followed by the murmur of voices.
They were being pursued, after all!

  ITc pushed ahead in the blackness.

knowing that the slim chance of
safety now depended on their getting
to the other side and swimming or
wading to a place of concealment
somewhere at the base of the cliffs.
On they toiled, now crawling, now on
all fours, now standing upright and
running as fast as they dared, fear-
ing at any moment to plunge head-
long into some projecting ledge. Be-
hind them the voices died away into
silence. Presently the girl, who was
ahead, halted suddenly and Saranoff
plunged headlong into her.

  "What’s the matter?” he asked.
“Boris,” she murmured, "there’s
a wall here. It’s caved in.”

  He groped with his hands. “No,
that’s solid. We must have run off
in some side tunnel. We’ve missed
the way. If we hurry we may get
back to the dividing-point before they
reach it.”

  They plunged back in the gloom.
Presently they rounded a sharp cor-
ner and emerged into the vaulted
passage once more.

  ‘ ‘ This is where we got off the
track,” muttered Saranoff. "Quick!
Follow ahead on the other branch.”
At that moment there was a shout
from behind them, and a beam of
light shot through the gloom from the
distant end of the tunnel. It was an
electric torch in the hands of the
islanders. The fugitives, turning to
run toward the Pacific side, found
themselves plunged to the knees in
icy water. It was the tide from the
Pacific!

  "We’re caught,”Saranoff groaned.
‘ ‘ They’ve—my God! ’ ’

  From somewhere in the murk be-
hind them there came a low rumble,
followed by a shout of terror and
then a terrific roar that filled the
cavern. The light behind them van-
ished; there were smothered screams;
another grating roar and then silence,
save for the subdued rippling of the
water at their feet.

  Staggering back, Saranoff found
himself confronted by an earthy
THE ISLE OF LOST SOULS

251

wall, pierced here and there by the
comers of giant rocks. The vaulted
roof of the cave had fallen in even as
Hillis had predicted. The pursuers
were caught, crushed and smothered
under tons and tons of basalt. Not a
cry, not a groan from the immovable
pile.

  They were saved! Saranoff, the
word hoarse on his lips, staggered
backward—to find himself standing
once more deep in the water. Saved
—but for what? To be drowned here
with the incoming tide from the
Pacific! Escape was impossible: they
could never swim that distance under
water to the mouth of the cavern.
The tide would run much farther in
than its present mark. They were
surely trapped!

11. The. Face in the Water

He toij) her in as few words as pos-
sible what had happened. She
said nothing—only came and stood
closer to him in the darkness while
the ripples played about their ankles.
Finally he put his arm about her and
they groped their way over to the
wall.

  “There’s a flat-topped stone here.
Let’s sit down and wait,” he said
quietly.

  The tide crept on up to their shoe-
tops.

  “So this is to be the end!” lie
murmured. “After all it won’t be so
bad—we shall die together.”

  “Yes,” she answered, her voice in
a whisper. “It has been a long time
that we have waited. But now that

we are together-” lie felt her

stiffen suddenly and pull partly away
from him.

  “Do you realize,” she asked, her
voice struck with awe. “that this is
not a rock we’re sitting on? It’s—
it’s an iron chest. See, I can feel a
handle at this end.”

  “By heaven, you’re right,” lie
murmured. “It’s the second chest.
Karlak said that Avas only a ruse—
to sink one in the harbor—probably

the officers did it to fool the creAV
when they brought them in. Then
they hid this other in here. It must
contain the jewels. But small good
they’ll do anybody now."’

  She pushed herself again into his
arms, saying nothing.

  The water lapped gently a.bout
tlieir knees. He put out his hand to
measure its depth on the Avails. and
pulled suddenly back Avith an ex-
clamation of horror. She asked him
what it Avas.

  “It’s a face—there’s a body float-
ing there brought in by the tide,” he
murmured, lie rewched again into
the water. “Yes, it’s a body—
Birsk’s body. Remember, he fell off
the cliff about near the opening of
this cavern.”

  “Must he be with us, even here?”
she asked, shuddering.

  Ralph Hearne, in Saranoff’s body,
had until now vieAved the further
course of events Avith apatliv. lie had
so completely given up his own soul
for lost that its destiny interested
bin) no further. With Birsk’s death
he had realized that the ring was
noAv out of Gloria Trask’s reach as
Avell as his oato and that she was now
doomed to the same fate as he.

  Birsk’s body had drifted by chance
into the cavern Avhere they Avere
trapped, but even in this close prox-
imity to the ring he and Gloria Trask
were separated from it by the
lu'idgeless cavern of some unknown
dimension. Tie might reach down
and try to wrench it from the corpse,
but he knoAV that so far as Birsk’s
corpse Avas concerned, his fingers
could have no more effect upon it
than the tiny ripples which uoav
played over it.

  Thinking thus, lie projected him-
self out of Saranoff’s body and
called for Gloria Trask, and in that
instant she Avas there at his side.

  “We are lost,” he said, quietly and
without emotion. “We lack suffi-
cient psychic power to reach through
the dimension and take the ring.
252

WEIRD TALES

For myself, I am reconciled, since
for a long time I could see no other
end; but for you—1 had hoped for
more. If Birsk had lived, Trask
would have survived, lie told me it
was his intention to take you back
with him to our own world. ’ ’

 She shuddered. “That would be
far worse than death—far worse
than what is in store for us,” she
murmured, looking up at him. “I
would rather be hero with you.”
“You do not understand,” he pro-
tested. “This is horrible! It is not
a pleasant fate to contemplate the
loss of one’s immortal soul.”

  “Well, shall we not lose it to-
gether? Shall we not always be to-
gether ? ’ ’

  He looked at her, scarcely daring
to believe his ears.

  “Gloria,” he said. “I love you. I
love you.”

 "Yes, and I love you. I know,
now. Has it not been paid that love
alone is immortal V How can our
souls die if still we love? Or is that
just some pretty thing a poet has
said?”

  "I fear it is poetry,” said he.
“And poetry and science seldom
mix. But it is a thought. I will ask
the Spirit Karlak.”

  The Spirit Kaflak stood beside
them in that instant. “I was
afraid,” said he, “that you would
not call me before it is too late.
Saranoff and the grand duchess will
die by drowning within the hour,
quite as was arranged by fate.
Traslc failed in his attempt, thank
God. He little realized what a prob-
lem he had on his hands. He used
the pooled psychic power to swing
events out of alinement; he succeed-
ed. but they snapped back into place
again. He should have been better
prepared. ’ ’

“How was that?” asked Hearne.
“Well, fate has it that Saranoff
should kill Birsk on the rock. Trask
prevented Birsk being killed by
Saranoff through using Merwin. As

it was ordained. Saranoff was to cut
Birsk down, and then his dead body
was to fall over the cliff. As it hap-
pened, Saranoff did not cut Birsk
down, but he fell over the cliff,
nevertheless. The ultimate effect
was the same. The only difference
was that Birsk’s life was prolonged
some fifty seconds. He died on the
reefs rather than by a saber-thrust
on the cliff. Everything else has
been exactly as it was ordained.
Nothing else has varied one jot.
Hillis and Karlak were to be killed
on the yacht; their bodies are now
on the bottom with her. Karlak’s
individual soid had been reabsorbed
in me. The rest were to be killed by
the landslide in the cavern. You
have just witnessed that. Saranoff
and the grand duchess perish in the
cavern with the tide. See, the water
is already to their waists. ’ ’

  “And we lose our souls when they
perish,” put in Hearne, dully.

  "On the contrary,” said the Spirit
Karlak, "you do nothing of the sort.
The ring is here now, is it not?
Birsk’s body is there, floating in the
cavern. ’ ’

  “Yes, but I can not touch the ring.
I am in another dimension from
Birsk’s body, am I not?”

  "True, but there is enough psychic
power here in this cavern to suspend
the laws of the universe for the mo-
ment. You may reach through and
take it—I can assure you of that.”

  "Then it is our love, is it not?”
asked Gloria Trask. "I was just
telling Ralph that love was im-
mortal ; therefore we who loved
could never die. But he thought
that was merely a saying of the
poets.”

  The Spirit Karlak smiled. “It is
your earthly way of explaining
psychic phenomena, ’ ’ said he. " It is
merely calling the same thing by a
different name. The fact of the mat-
ter is that love is one of the greatest
dynamos of psychic force in the
world. It is the bridge between the
THE ISLE OF LOST SOULS

253

psychic and the purely physical;
hence it partakes of the properties
of both. Love has come to you at
this moment in this cavern. Go, my
friends, reach down and take the
ring. It is yours. And since you are
through with me, I shall bid you
farewell. ’ ’

  "Farewell,” said Hearne. raising
his hand.

  But the Spirit Karlak had van-
ished.

 Hearne waded forward into the
cavern. It was a gruesome job to
push his hands over that ghastly
floating object, but in a moment the
ring was in his hand. He came back,
unscrewed the cap and gave her one
of the pellets. The remaining one he
took himself.

  “Look!” she' said, pointing to the
couple sitting on the chest. “Look.
Saranoff has taken the princess in
his arms. Let us relax and go back
into their bodies. They will die in
each other’s arms, but you and T
will live.”

  They relaxed and lie found her in
his arms.

  “I feel drowsy,” she murmured.
“There seems to be a warm glow
stealing over me and a roaring as of
winds in a cavern.”

  “It is the sea.” he said. “It is
almost to their shoulders. I am
drowsy too, very drowsy.”

  And so, locked in each other’s
arms, they fell off into deep slumber.

  The tide rolled in, 'l’eached their
shoulders, rose to their mouths and
played with her hair. Presently they
drifted from the chest and floated
there on the surface, still locked in
each other’s arms.

Epilogue

On a certain day in May in the
year 2014 the New York City
newspapers carried an account, of the
tragic outcome of a series of experi-
ments by Dr. Gregory Trask, the

noted psychiatrist, in his laboratory
on East Twenty-eight.li Street. Late
in the evening of that day the police
were called to the Trask apartment
by Mrs. Trask and Ralph Hearne, a
young man who had recently been
hired by Dr. Trask as a laboratory
assistant. There they found that Dr.
Trask and his first assistant, Olan
Merwin, had succumbed to an over-
dose of a morphine compound with
which Dr. Trask had been experi-
menting on his own body and on
that of Merwin. A curious angle of
the case was, however, that although
the phial found at Dr. Trask’s side
contained a compound showing traces
of morphine, the usual effects of
morphine poisoning or any other
poisoning could not. be found in the
viscera of the victim when an autopsy
was performed on the bodies. Indeed,
so far as the medical examiner could
determine, there was no condition
apparent in the bodies whieh could
have brought about such an unex-
pected and untimely end.

  Shortly afterward, when the ease
had been quite forgotten, Hearne
married Mrs. Trask, and the two,
with the small funds left by Dr.
Trask, journeyed to Alaska on their
honeymoon. There they chartered a
small motor-cruiser for a summer
trip in the Aleutian archipelago. Ac-
cording to John Torrence, who navi-
gated the small vessel for them, the
trip was uneventful, save for one in-
cident. Near Bakelief Island Mr.
and Mrs. Hearne evinced a sudden
desire to explore one of the several
caverns which honeycomb the granite
cliffs of the island. Good luck seemed
to be with them, for deep inside the
cavern they found a solid iron chest,
which they brought back to the cruis-
er but never opened during all the
time they were on board. Near the
chest, according to Mr. Torrence, they
discovered, half buried in the sands,
three skeletons. One of these, ob-
viously that of a man of great size,
lay at a considerable distance from
254

WEIRD TALES

the other two. Of these two, Tor-
rence, who examined them closely,
thinks one was a woman and the other
a man.

  Some of the old residents remem-
bered the incident of the Narcissus
then, and ventured the theory that the
vaeht, in trying to escape the destroy-
ers, had struck a hidden reef of Bake-
lief, going down immediately with all
hands. These were survivors who had
crawled to the cavern and hidden
there only to be trapped by the tide.
But those who examined the old rec-
ords said this could hardly be' so,
since there had been no woman on
board the Narcissus after she was
stolen.

  Nobody ever knew what was in the
iron chest. But it must have been

treasure, because shortly after their
return Mr. and Mrs. Hearne seemed
to have come into great wealth. Of
this they spent little on themselves,
preferring rather to make bounteous
grants to charity with a peculiar lean-
ing toward the efforts of the Ameri-
can Relief Association in its work
with the orphans of Russia.

  As for Bakelief—it is a. place avoid-
ed now. Since that day the phantom
ship was seen, followed so soon by the
finding of the skeletons, no mariner in
his right mind would be found within
rifle-shot of its beetling, fog-swept
crags. And those that pass there at
whatever distance report they hear on
the rising tide the beat, of waves in the
cavern and a moaning of receding
waters like the wailing of lost souls.

  [ THE END |

JONNtTf of the niDfi)i6f1T-ttOURJ

                      11.	Doom

                 Oblivion had laid its deathless curse

   Upon all things of life and time and space;

                 Of death itself, there now was left no trace,
                 And DOOM had fallen on the universe.

                 The heavens like a dead, colossal hearse

                Contained no thought or dust of thing or race;
                In all infinity was left no place
                Where Death in death all things did not immerse.

   For Death the Conqueror at last was king;

   His realms were vacua, he proved his vow

                    That all would pass, that nothing would abide.
                 Not anywhere was life nor anything,

                Nor vestige of the worlds of old; and now,

                   Upon his fallen kingdoms, God had died.
A Five-Mi?iute Ghost Story

“MELODIE IN E
MINOR”

  By AUGUST W. DERLETH

THERE is a certain section of
St. Louis that gives one nausea
to go through. There is a per-
petual cloud of smoke above the sec-
tion, a cloud which no one seems to
mind, not even the people who walk
about below it with soot-streaked
faces. Once in a while, on a clear
night, the smoke disappears, only to
appear in a much denser form the
following morning. A heavy rain
drives the smoke away for a while,
but it, is sure to come back when the
rain stops. A stench that seems alive
creeps from one dim alley to another,
gathering strength as it goes. This,
too, the people do not mind. Dirty
children play in the midst of it; they
go home recking with it, But what
difference docs it make? Their homes
reek with it.

  There are more than two hundred
houses in this section, and each house
is just like all the others. Tims, each
house might have belonged to Jack
Hammond, except for one little dif-
ference: In Hammond's house the
noise started exactly at 6 o’clock in
the evening, and ended exactly at 6
o’clock in the morning, when both
Jack and Amy went to work.

  When Amy married Jack Ham-
mond he had “prospects”, but, some-
how, he lost them, and Amy never for-
gave him for it. When they moved to
this squalid section, it was to be tem-
porary. But it had become perma-
nent; Amy would not forgive Jack,
either for this or for making her go to
work shortly after their marriage.

  Amy made life miserable for Jack
in all ways, but especially at the sup-
per table. She had taken a fancy to
a piece by Rachmaninoff that she had
once hoard in a recital, Melodic in E
Minor. She bought the piece and
learned it note for note, until she was
able to play it after a fashion. Every
night wldle Jack ate his supper she
played it. At first Jack didn’t want
to say anything about it, though he
hated that kind of music, and Amy
knew it. Invariably he began to hum
St. Louis Blurs when Amy started to
play, but Amy soon drowned him out.
Cursing did Amy no harm, nor did
his threats. The situation showed no
sign of progressing either for better
or for worse.

  At 6 o’clock in the evening the pro-:
gram opened, somewhat like this:
“Supper ready?” from Jack, to
Amy’s young brother, who stayed at
home and did the cooking for the two
workers.

  Amy would throw down her bag
and hat, and move toward the door of
the parlor. It was called a parlor
only because of the piano in it. “I’m
not hungry; guess I'll play the piano
for a while.”

  At this juncture Amy’s brother va-
cated.

  “Listen, Amy (this from Jack) ;
if you think you’re going to play that
thing again, you got another guess
coming. And if you play that E

Minor thing, I’ll-”

  “Shut up, Jack. Whv'd I ever
256

WEIRD TALES

marry a fool like you? Got no appre-
ciation of good music, and never will
have. Haven’t even got a little horse
sense.”

  "Shut up, damn you. I got just
as good an education as you, Amy
Hammond. Amy! If you play that
piano, you’ll go to work with a black
eye tomorrow. ’ ’

 "Oh! I will, liuh? And you’ll
never see your little Amy any more.”
"No such luck, Amy; you know
when you got it good, and you’d soon
be back. Damn you! what d ’you have
to play that piece again for? You
know I don't like it. I’m going to
sell that damned piano! ’ ’

  ‘ ‘ Who’s going to buy it ? ”

  "Amy! By God, some day I’m go-
ing to break that damn’ neck of
yours.”

 "Yeh? What about funeral ex-
penses; where you going to get ’em?
And what about your own neck?”
"My neck’s all right; you just
wateh out ior yours. ’ ’

  “Aw, sign off. Jack. Be yourself.
Go out and get an education.”
“Damn you, Amy! Some

day-”

  “ Yeh ! Some day you’ll break my
neck; that’s ancient history, Jack.”
“Well, damn you, some day I will.”
“ Oh! yeh ! yeh*! Of course! ’ ’

One night Amy’s brother Jim set
the supper table as usual, and
went, out for a package of cigarettes.
When he came back he found Jack
home, surly as always, with an expres-
sion on his face that scared Amy’s
brother.

  “Where’s Amy, Jack?”

  "She ain’t home yet, Jim. Ain’t
seen her on the way, have you ? ’ ’
"No.”

  "Where in thunder is she,, then?
She ought to be home by now. ’ ’

  " Yeh! She ought to. ”

  Jack sat down and began to eat his

supper. From time to time he
glanced nervously at the door.

  "What in hell’s keeping that wo-
man? Sure she isn’t home?”

  *	‘ She didn’t come in. ’ ’

  Jack kept on eating. Suddenly the
staccato notes of Rachmaninoff’s
Melodic in E Minor came to the ears
of the two men in the kitchen. Jack
dropped his fork with a curse, and
looked at Amy’s brother. Cowed, the
youth shrank into a corner. But curi-
ously, Jack’s glance was not of anger,
and Amy’s brother picked up courage.

  " It’s Amy, Jack. She’s come in by
the winder.”

  “My God! Do you hear the piano,
Jim?”

  "Sure. It’s Amy.”

  Jack got up from the table slowly.
His hands hung limply by his side;
his face twitched spasmodically.

  ‘ ‘ Don’t hurt her, Jack. Don’t hurt
her, please.”

  Jack Hammond did not notice the
youth in the comer. For a second he
stood before the parlor door. Then
he turned to Amy’s brother.

  “Call Amy, Jim.”

  *	‘ Amy! Amy! ’ ’ The youth stuck
his head into the parlor. ‘ ‘ She don’t
answer, Jack. I can’t see very well;
it’s kinda dark in there.” He turned
and looked at Jack curiously.
“Maybe it ain’t, Amy; huh, Jack?”

  With a stifled sound Jack Ham-
mond sank back into a chair. "No!
No! My God! It ain’t Amy! It
can’t be Amy! No! It ain’t! ”

  He rose a second time and moved
jerkily toward the parlor door. The
piece ended abruptly, then began over
again.

  Something like a sob escaped Jack.
“My God! I killed Amy just befoi’e
—she started playing again—that
damned piece! It ain’t Amy. I killed
her! ’ ’

  Without a sound he pitched for-
ward and lay in a crumpled heap on
the floor.
* WAIDVIENfllRE
IN-ANESTHESIA

H • feVfcPUL • W0RR6LL

      
      
IHSf  
' ,5  
            
            
P ■: tyygm  
            
            
            
            
            
-a          
,’S         
            
            
            
Win         
l: *J ZW&l  
            
ta

“There were swooping shadows and
darting reflections of great, lurid
flames.”

THERE is a stage known as
"Pool’s Paradise” in the
course of acute appendicitis,
and this stage Brown had reached.
It is caused by the relaxation of
tortured nerves incident to the relief
occasioned by the bursting of a
distended appendix, and is not in
itself an encouraging symptom; but
the corresponding mental relief, after
the preoccupation of pain and nausea,
made it easy for Brown’s anticipa-
tions of the new experience to be
wildly exciting. Taking an anesthetic
—well, the patient with the soundest
heart .sometimes fails to come back.
Being sliced with a surgeon’s knife,
and returning to consciousness with

a deep wound—that, too, is a thing
to make the pulses throb with the
effort of meeting the issue without
panic.

  However, when the doctors asked
him if he had any objection to the use
of a new gas called ethysene, his
curiosity was slight.

  "I don’t want to be experimented
on,” he told them, "but if it will keep
me from feeling you slice me, and if
it’s all right on the heart, go ahead.
1 suppose you fellows know all those
things well enough, or you wouldn’t
be planning to use it on me.”

  "We know those things,” he was
assured. “We’ve used this gas in this
hospital. It is highly desirable to use

                                   257
258

WEIRI) TALES

it, because of the very things you
mention. Shock is slight, heart action
good, the physical condition fine.
But-”

  "Here’s the dope, Brown,” inter-
rupted the house doctor. "We gave
ethysene to a man named Hallam,
who had a tonsillectomy here. All
right. He took it well, and rallied well.
Only, when he had regained con-
sciousness, he insisted that the new
gas had an effect on the soul, and
that it had sent his to heaven. He
liked it so well in heaven, that after
he got out and about, he took gas
again—illuminating-gas, in his room,
with the keyhole plugged and that
sort of thing, you know—in order to
go back to heaven again. I guess he
succeeded—at least he died. ’ ’

  Brown laughed.

  "Well, I’m pretty well satisfied
lhat my family tree goes back to a
line, hairy ape. I guess that answers
your question. Unless, of course, the
gas had the effect of making him loco.
Do you mean he’s the only patient
hero who ever took ethysene, and that
I would be the second ? ’ ’

  "Oh, no, no!” The surgeon and
house doctor answered together, and
the house doctor continued:

  *	‘ Three cases—names were Newton,
Meredith and Csfnby—we’ve been
offering it pretty freely, though most
of our patients want the old-fashioned
stuff. Newton, Meredith and Canby,
they all three had ethysene inside the
last, month. Well, none of them went
to heaven. So, now, what do you
.'•ay?”

  “Oh, make it ethysene, by all
means,” said Brown. "I say, let’s
"et it over. Let’s go.”

  Browu had had a reason for asking
to be taken to Franklin Hospital.
His sweetheart, Dorothy Wood, a
pretty girl with gray eyes and dark
auburn hair, was a student nurse
there. While Brown was being pre-
pared for the operating-room, a
coarse hospital gown buttoned at his
neck, coarse white wrappings fastened

over his feet and legs, and a hy-
podermic needle jabbed into his arm,
the girl hovered in the corridor out-
side his door. When they wheeled
him into the hall, his brain hazy
from the injected opiate, she met his
gaze with a tender, tremulous smile.
It raised Brown’s spirits, and the
effect of the morphine was to make
him light-headed.

  "Tell you all about heaven when
1 get baek, Dorothy,” he called, as
they wheeled him toward the elevator.

 For a moment the girl named
Dorothy stood motionless, uncon-
scious of sympathetic glances from
two other nurses and a young intern
who stood near by. All at once she
started forward.

  "Did he mean—are they going to
give him that ethysene gas?” she
asked the young intern.

  “Yes, but that’s all right. Don’t
worry, Miss Wood,” he consoled her.
“Thei'e was only that fellow, Hallam.
They’ve used it since, and it’s per-
fectly fine. Hallam was crazy.”

  "But it might—it might affect, the
soul. ’ ’

  The intern raised his eyebrows.

  “Well, if Brown goes to heaven,
he'll come back, as poor Hallam said
that he did. And then 1 guess you
can keep him here, can’t vou. Miss
Wood?”

  He chuckled and went off down the
corridor.

Brown lay fiat on his back, his face
encased in an air-tight mask.
There were isinglass cye-holes,
through which he looked. Through a
tube in front of his mouth and nose,
the anesthetic was being pumped in.
TTis heart beat hard, with the excite-
ment and fear that were overmaster-
ing him at last. He wanted to kick
and struggle, but lie would not let
himself do that. He would breathe
deeply, and got it over.

  “Lot’s go—lot’s go.” lie muttered
inside the mask.
AX ADVENTURE IN ANESTHESIA

259

  His lungs burned as lie inhaled
deeply. Little pains like knives shot
through them. But his effort to co-
operate was having an effect. His
heart did not pound now. He felt
weak—yes, faint. He was going. At
every pump stroke, the white faces he
now saw dimly through the isinglass
dissolved into white mist. Between
strokes they became faces again, but
each time more featureless, more in-
distinct. Somebody spoke to him.

  “Lift your hand. Can you lift
your hand?”

  They must not think he was un-
conscious. He lifted his hand with
an effort.

  Now everything was a white mist.

He was floating-

  “Again. Lift your hand.”

  Brown made a supreme effort. He
willed to lift liis whole arm—to lift
it high. For he was not unconscious,
but they would think so. The world
was unreal about him—he could not
see; he could hardly hear—but he
was intensely conscious, and they
must not begin to cut. He directed
the whole force of his will, of his
consciousness, into the lifting of his
arm—-and somehow knew that he had
raised one linger, just a little.

  He was floating—going away. Up
in the upper right-hand corner of the
room, he felt that he stopped. Some-
how, he felt that he stopped there,
although he was adrift in a. mist
through which he could not see.
Anxiety held him there for a moment.
A little way down there was the table,
and what was going on there was of
vital importance. Yet he could not
hold himself near. He was adrift,
and going far and fast.

  He was dizzy with rushing through
space—dizzy with not seeing, with
not feeling anything to lav hold 011,
with having nothing to orient himself
by. lie was desperate. He clutched
with his hands.

  And suddenly, both hands were
caught in a firm grip. The relief he
felt measured the horror that had

been engulfing him. He felt his feet
on something solid, and saw the mist
thinning around him. Only a little,
for he could not see far in any direc-
tion. But he could see, now, that he
stood, not by one person, but between
two men, and each had one of his
hands.

  He blinked his eyes, looking from
one to the other. Both of them
resembled him! Not exactly. There
were differences of expression. And
they did not dress as he did, nor wear
their hair just as he did—Brown’s
hair was very sleek and flat 011 his
head, unless his progress through
space had changed that. But they
looked sufficiently like him to make
the coincidence a strange one, and to
give him a strange sensation as ho
regarded them.

  One spoke to Brown. He, Brown
at ouce decided, was the more attrac-
tive of the two, the more desirable
version of himself, if they did
resemble him as much as he thought.
As he looked longer at their faces,
differences between themselves and
him, between each of them and the
other, became apparent. This one
who spoke now was shrewder, keener-
iooking, more clever and snappy, a
good businessman type, according to
Brown’s standard.

  “I came to offer you convoy,” he
said in a voice that matched well with
his appearance. “The trails here
aren’t well marked, unless you know
how to see them. I will be very glad
to take you with me, and keep you
with me while you stay. You’re the
kind of man we want where I come
from. We’ve watched you 011 earth.
You are the surviving type, the type
of man who gets ahead, as you say
there. The same qualities are just
as desirable where I reside as they are
011 earth. We saw you when you
earned your last raise from your firm,
and you’re the kind of man we
want.”

  Brown felt a warm glow pervade
what he supposed was his astral body.
260

WELR1) TALES

Then he had a surviving part, yes—
a soul! And what, you did on earth
counted after you went out—went on
•and on with you. That was good.
He was a surviving type. That was
putting il neatly. And Nietsche's
philosophy. which had always
appealed to him, because he had
always felt that way about himself,
wasn’t so badly received in the next
world as the old-fashioned moralists
liked to think it would be.

  But at t his point his thoughts were
interrupted by the other man. who
still held his right hand.

  “1 came to offer my convoy, too.”
he said. “But I’ll tell you frankly
that you’ll have to change a good bit
if you want to get. along, if you go
with me. 1 know a good deal about
you, too, Brown. I know about the
‘raise’ you earned recently—you
misrepresented the work of a good
man and kept him from getting the
salary ol‘ the work be was doing. So,
because you cut down the salary roll,
you managed to get yourself a good
whack-off. That's the truth about
the way you earned that raise, isn’t
it ? ”

  Brown looked at the speaker and
disliked him. It wasn't only what he
said. He was a type Brown hated, a
type lie had once feared he had. it in
him to be. lie had standardized him-
self now, and his personality was
nothing but an asset; but when he
was a boy he had come very near to
turning into an impractical, dreamer
sort of fellow, the sort people accused
of having too many ideals. A person
who looked like this one who was
speaking to him, and as Brown had
once been afraid he would look,
would be capable of just this sort of
judgment and this lack of tact.

  Brown laughed a little light-
headedly, as if the morphine which
had been shot into his corporeal body
had slightly affected his astral one.

  "It seems to me that we have more
in common,” he replied to the last
speaker, indicating the other with an

inclination of his head. "So I guess
I will choose accordingly. I’m quite
as much obliged.”

  A second more, and the undesired
guide had disappeared.

TT k was rushing along again, but in
a definite, directed manner. The
floating, whirling sensation, and the
feeling of being loosed from the
chains of gravity and horribly lost
without them, were gone. And again,
his feet found foothold, and they
were walking hand in hand. A door
seemed to open before them. A close
passageway engulfed them, and the
way seemed too narrow. Then it
widened out, and they stood together,
he and Lis guide, in a strange place,
in-

  "Hell!” Brown screamed horribly,
and struggled with his guide. "Let
me go. Let me go back! You didn’t
tell me fhat was what I was deciding.
My God! fiive me a chance! I didn’t
know. ] didn't want to go to hell!”

  A cIkh'Us of laughter greeted his
ravings.

  "The only myth is that there are
myths.”

  Somewhere, Brown had read that.
It flashed across his mind, now, even
in his first panic. It meant that back
of every myth, every legend, every
superstition, was somewhere—a fact.
And sometimes, at least, that was true.
The references to hell that Brown had
read in the Bible as a child—the rav-
ings of itinerant preachers—the ma-
jestic, dreadful imaginings of Milton

—Shakespeare- He thought of

Lady Macbeth’s words: “My lord,
hell is murky.” It was.

  It was as though the light was of
low vibration in quality, just over the
line from heat. And it was hot. Just
endurable enough, as to excess heat,
so that it could be endured, so that
one, kept there long enough, would
wish it were not endurable, so that
there might be an end. Also, there
were swooping shadows and darting
reflections of great, lurid flames, so
AN ADVENTURE IN ANESTHESIA

261

that Brown felt that the worst was
as yet beyond his imagining. It was
no modified Hades, but the old-
fashioned hell that, on earth, has be-
come more a joke than a legend. But
here, it was no joke.

  And yet, none of this was what
made the place so horrible that
Brown screamed and raved and
struggled, and would rather have
died than come through the door and
the narrow passage, if he had known.
It was the Things in the place—
Things to which not the Bible,
the itinerant preachers, Milton,
Shakespeare nor any of the others
had done justice. Deformed mon-
strosities—there were too many of
them. If one of them ever lived in
any form approaching the present
one, it would have been hard for it
not to merit hell. And probably
many of them had grown, here,
progressively worse for a long, long
time, so that their like could never
have been seen on earth.

  But there were human things, and
things that had changed from
humanity, so that Brown was not
sure. There was a man with a
hideous, mad face carrying the dead
body of a woman, and beating it
constantly over the head.

  “That man killed his wife," Brown
heard in his ear. “So his punish-
ment, partly, is to carry her so,
through all eternity, beating her like
that, as he did when he killed her. A
century from now, as you count, you
won’t recognize either one of them;
they will have become so much
worse. ’ ’

  “But she—she was his victim.
Why does she stay here?”

  Brown’s teeth chattered. But his
curiosity was awakening.

 “She—oh, she deserved to be
killed, you see. She got what was
coming to her. So, here they both
are. ’ ’

  The speaker, standing somewhere
behind Brown, broke off in a peal
of the wild, echoing laughter that

seemed to greet everything of a hor-
rible or distressful nature. Brown
was reminded of an insane asylum
he had once visited.

  Another figure caught his eye—a
man who must have come lately, for
there was a natural, human look about
him that warmed Brown’s trembling
heart. But—he had strapped to him.
somehow, a coil of tubing that ended
in an ordinary gas jet just in front of
his nostrils, so that he seemed con-
stantly in the throes of suffocation
and disgust at the smell of fumes
which issued from the jet. like ordi-
nary illuminating-gas from a gas
light. The unfortunate creature kept
trying to turn his head away, but the
jet with the nauseating fumes turned
with him.

  “1 knew of someone—I heard of
someone lately--” began Brown.

  “Yes. Hallam. That’s Ilallam.”
The unseen voice resumed explana-
tions. “You see he killed himself, to
get to heaven. But there’s an old, old
law against that. So he was sent here,
because he was a suicide. His punish-
ment, partly, is to go on enduring the
pain, sickness, disgust and regret that
lie felt just before he passed out.
They expect to go through that stage.
But they don’t know that they go
right on going through it, until it’s
too late.”

  Brown turned quickly. He could
not bear to hear again that laugh,
which he was sure was about to follow
these words. And, having turned, he
encountered a look which made the
laugh unnecessary—a look that in
itself made a mock of all decent feel-
ing, pity and sympathy. And the
look was on the unspeakably evil face
and out of the unspeakably evil eyes
of a gentleman in red, with a horn in
the center of his forehead and one
cloven hoof where his right foot
should be.

  “The only myth is that there are
myths,” thought Brown again; and
suddenly became aware that the place
was full of smaller, subservient-
262

WEIRD TALES

appearing beings, decorated each with
one horn and a single cloven hoof.
"But-”

  The Devil interrupted his half-
formed thought.

  "They do exaggerate things,” he
sneered. "One horn is enough, and
one hoof is enough, and one of each
is easier to disguise than two when
we go to earth, as some of us do. I
do, quite often. Some of our in-
formation on your case, I gathered
myself. You don’t amount to much,
but you have some very nasty ten-
dencies. You haven’t had much
chance. Your environment nearly
turned you into a good man, but you’re
our own soil. You might go a long
way with us, if you try to fit in with
our ways. So, what do you say?”

  The question had a familiar ring,
like an echo.

  "I say, let’s go.” Brown was
quoting himself, but he was not quite
sure just when he had said that
recently l)efore. "I say, it’s a hard
life, and I’ll try to make the best of
it,” he enlarged.

  "That’s good,” said the Devil,
giving him a violent blow on the
forehead with something hard and
sharp. "We all wear those.”

  Those were the horns. Brown,
dizzy with pain, had put up his hand
and felt a distinct bump springing
up on his forehead. It would not be
a very well-defined horn, but he was
marked. Still dizzy with pain and
shock, suddenly he was seized again
with panic. He wanted to die. But
souls did not die. An awful despair
settled down on him, so that he hardly
listened to what was being said to
him.

  "There’s a real reason for that,”
he finally caught. “Your astral and
physical bodies are still connected,
and that blow has an effect on your
brain cells as well. When you go
back, you will be surprized at your-
self. You will be quite a different
sort of person. And you will be able
to confer distinguishing marks on

people who are near and dear to you,
and who love you, now and then. Oh,
yes, many—very many—of the old
legends have foundations. But you
won’t exactly love those who are near
and dear to you, after you go back.
You will—well, you will see. How-
ever, you’ll keep our patents of
nobility. ’ ’

  Brown felt of his head again. It
was less painful. Pondering over the
Devil’s last words, he looked at the
Devil’s cloven hoof.

  “A token like that would be em-
barrassing on earth,” he suggested.

  “You c^n’t be too particular,”
retorted the Devil.

  He signed to Brown’s guide, whom
Brown had forgotten.

  “Take him back—for the present,”
he said shortly.

  Brown was hurried toward the
narrow passageway. At its entrance
he held back, curiosity once more
dominant.

  “Newton, Meredith, and Canby,
who took ethysene—did they come
here and go back to earth? Or did
they go to heaven?”

  The Devil burst into a paroxysm of
laughter. He was hideous when he
laughed, and more evil than at any
other time.

  “That brings us to one of the best
jokes of the ages,” he finally gasped.
“While people on earth are quarrel-
ing over the question of evolution, it
seems impossible that not one of them
has even guessed at the truth of the
matter. What’s the matter with
their brains? They were supposed
to have been endowed with good
brains, through evolution and one
thing and another. But speaking of
evolution—you know, their bodies
evolved from the ape. Oh, yes! But
a dual race developed. One branch
was endowed with a soul, with
individual souls, you know—it was
done with the best of intentions. Ha!
Ha! The other branch dies as dead
as a dog or cat. Naturally, ethysene
would not affect members of that
AN ADVENTURE IN ANESTHESIA

263

branch. Newton, Meredith and Canby
all belonged to that family, see? You
and Hallam belong to the other
branch, having souls—and here you
both are. Pretty good batting aver-
age for hell, is it not ?

  “If they guessed it on earth, all
the savants would be laying claims to
personal souls, instead of disclaiming
their existence. But the cream of the
joke is, that while many who are sure
they have souls have them, and many
who are sure they have none, have
none—just as many are sure they
have souls and then die like their ape
forefathers, and as many who are
sure they have none find out, too late,
that they have!

  “Complicated, but good. Think it
over. ’ ’	/

  Brown, pushed into the smother-
ing, close passageway, was thinking.
It was a good joke, although it was
on him too.

npiiKV said that Brown came out of
the anesthetic in fine shape, but
he could not agree witL them, lie
was utterly miserable, if that was be-
ing in fine shape. lie was burning
and cold, as though he had been
chilled by some wind between the
worlds of consciousness, and scorched
by a hot, unhealthful vapor.

  People seemed to have changed in
their attitude toward him, and he
toward them. He had been a hospital
favorite; now, one would hardly call
him that. He was strangely sensitive
about one of his feet—the right one.
He moved it as though it were stiff,
or injured, or in pain, although it
was none of these things. He felt
as though, when he walked again, he
would walk with a halt. Perhaps it
had something to do with the appen-
dicitis, which had sent stabs of pain
shoot ing down his right leg before the
operation; or perhaps it had some-
thing to do with—something he had
dreamed.

  Another thing which he tried not
to think of was the discolored contu-

sion which he wore down from the
operating-room. There were com-
ments about that, and dismay. Some
carelessness must be responsible for
it, carelessness in moving him, or in
handling him. But when the house
doctor tried to tell him how sorry he
was that it should have happened.
Brown taught him not to discuss the
personal appearance of his patients,
by unleashing upon him a devil of a
temper that he (lid not remember
ever having displayed before in his
life.

  It developed, during Brown's con-
valescence, that the nurse Dorothy
Wood was more deeply smitten with
him than he had known—a phenom-
enon which, before his operation, he
would have hailed with almost in-
credulous delight. As it was, the
childish little nurse was the only
thing about the hospital which
amused him. It amused him to lead
her on to talk tenderly to him, to
show her anxiety for him, to show the
depth of the fears she had felt while
he lay unconscious. It amused him
to see that she had thought he loved
her, in that time which lay behind
his recent illness; that she had
thought, even, thal he wanted to
marry her some day. TP he had ever
hinted at such a thing, it struck him
now as the essence of supreme humor.
He, Brown, wasn't going to marry
for love and a pretty face; lie was
going to climb higher in the future
than he had ever climbed. He knew
a girl lie could marry. He hadn’t
liked her over well, in the past, but
if he hadn’t meant to marry her and
her bank account he must have been
“light” in the head. Tt was the
thing to do; such chances didn’t come
every day. As for Dorothy, and
pretty little nobodies like her who
dreamed of catching a successful
man with nothing to offer but love,
they would do to play with.

  It was fun to make her break hos-
pital regulations, and slip into his
room from her ward duty, and stay
264

WEIRD TALES

for long talks that would have gotten
her discharged any time the head
nurse happened in. When they put
her on night duty, it was funnier still,
bccause her discharge would have
been even more certain, then, and
because she was so forgetful of her-
self in her childish feeling for him.

  At last, one night when he had
progressed a long way back toward
health and strength, he drew her
head down to his pillow, and kissed
her squarely on the lips. It was a
long kiss; and when it was over,
Dorothy slipped swiftly to the floor.
Not to her feet—that would have put
her too far from him; to her knees,
so that their faces were still on a
level. Her regard for professional
etiquette, which had been deeply
rooted in her once, had been able to
do so much toward separating them,
but it could do 110 more.

  She knelt there, looking at him.
And Brown, looking at her trans-
figured face, felt the laugh freeze on
his lips.

  It had been fun to play with her,
to see how far he could make her
go in the breaking of the rigid laws
she was bound to obey. It had been
fun to see how easily he could get
that kiss—the first he had ever had
from her. But there was something,
now, about her eyes-

  They were the eyes of a little girl,
to whom fairyland has opened. They
were the eyes of a very young girl,
whose first dream of love has come
true. They were the eyes of an angel
—of a woman-

  They made another face rise before
Brown’s "mind’s eye”—a face like
his, which seemed made to answer
that new look on Dorothy’s face. A
facc like his, and yet not quite like
his; a face that might belong to a
man with a touch of the visionary in
him, with a bit of other-worldliness
about him that didn’t fit in with the
picture of a successful executive, per-
haps—a face that might be framed by
hair a bit unruly and unheeded,

because its owner’s eyes were 011 far
things.

  And then both faces—Dorothy’s
face, and that other face of Brown’s
fancy—were put out of the fore-
ground by the consciousness that a
third face, very real and near, was
peering through a crack in the door.

  It was the head nurse. It was a
face which must have been created
especially to be the face of a head
nurse.

  "I’ve been watching you for some
time, Miss Wood,” it said trium-
phantly. "I think you’ll find there
isn’t room on our hospital staff for
girls of your sort, who are capable of
such indiscretions as this. I think
you’ll find it hard to get on the staff
of another hospital. I have never
been so outraged—right under my
nose, Miss-”

  The head nurse was working her-
self up.

  Dorothy Wood put out her hands,
only a little way, in a broken gesture
of pleading.

 "Oh, please-” she said to

Brown.

  It wasn’t clear just what she
wanted of him. But she wanted some
intervention that only he could give.
It flashed through Brown’s mind that
if he said they were 'engaged, the
hospital board might have clemency.
It might mean a hard thing in a
girl’s life, to be discharged from
a nursing staff with a bad character.
It wouldn’t hurt him to say that
saving thing; even if he never mar-
ried her, it wouldn’t hurt-

  But why should he? What had he
to gain by shielding this girl who
seemed so sure that he had once been
very fond of her, that she hadn’t
discerned the change in his nature
which he, himself, knew to have taken
place. It was all rather funny.

  He wanted to laugh. The head
nurse’s expression, and Dorothy’s ex-
pression. were so very funny, in their
solemn assumption that this affair
was a thing of great importance to
AN ADVENTURE IN ANESTHESIA

265

everybody. It wasn't, important to
Brown, and it needn’t be. Say
Dorothy Wood was fired tomorrow,
and he never saw her again, and the
head nurse glared at him until he
went home quite well—would he
remember the incident a year from
now? His was to be a busy life, a
life of climbing over other people to
the top, which only the fit attained.

  He did laugh, flinging out his arms
in a sudden passionate enjoyment of
the joke, while the two women stared
at him, Dorothy still on her knees.
In her eyes, something was dying,
and something was springing to life.
His carelessly outflung hand struck
against her forehead—not very hard
—just with the knuckle. He was
watching that new look in her eyes—
a something hard and reckless, and
not, in the least, childish; and then he
saw the mark that he had made upon
the smooth whiteness of her forehead.

  Where had he seen one just like
that before? A swelling bruise, a
discolored contusion—why, it was
very like the one he had worn down
from the operating-room—the sight
of which stirred those awful mem-
ories he had put away from him with
such an effort.

  He heard his own voice, laughing
on. What devil had he heard laugh,
somewhere, like that? He thought
the word ‘ ‘ devil, ’ ’ as one thinks those
epithets, carelessly, expecting to
recall the laugh of some malicious
practical joker of his acquaintance,
but it recalled something more than
that:

  A scene of lurid darkness, a blow,
a Thing that laughed, and a promise
that he would be able to present
certain little tokens to those who
loved him-

  The laugh died in Brown’s throat,
and he screamed sharply in anguish:

  “Oh, it’s a mistake—a horrible
mistake! I never meant-’’

  The bitter look in Dorothy’s eyes
wavered. Her gaze was fixed upon
him trustingly, again. She thought
he meant to speak up in her behalf,
at last.

  Once more, for a fleeting instant,
he saw that other vision of himself:
a man who had kindness written in
his face, and not. much thought of
self. Like one reaching in the dark
for a friendly hand, he felt himself
reaching out toward it. It was a face
which mightn’t get on—but it was a
face which would be strangely out of
place in-

  He touched the bruise 011 the young
nurse’s head with pitiful, tender
fingers.

  “I didn’t mean to do that,” he
said gently. “I didn’t mean to get
you into trouble, either. Please don’t
report her—don’t be hard 011 her. I
came to this hospital because we are
sweethearts. We haven’t told anyone
of our engagement yet, but that’s why
she was so indiscreet, and because
I’ve coaxed her to spend a few
minutes here, now and then, against
the rules. She’s been worried about
me, since I’ve been here. You don’t
have to report, her because I’ve been
selfish, and she a little foolish, do you,
nurse ? ’ ’

  A heaviness seemed to be lifting
from the air of the little room. There
was a cool, sweet bi'oeze blowing in
at the window, from some place where
there were many flowers.

  The head nurse smiled.

  “If you’ll both have respect for
the rules in future, I’ll let this go,”
she said. “After all, the hospital
owes you something, sir. We don’t
often get our patients injured in
handling-

  “I’ll declare, I’m right glad to sec
that mark fading from your fore-
head. It’s odd you’ve bruised Miss
Wood ’s forehead, in the same place.
But hers won’t show by tomorrow.”
 The Tall Woman

By PEDRO ANTONIO DE ALARCON

OW little we really know, my
friends; how little we really
know!"

 The speaker was Gabriel, a dis-
tinguished civil engineer of the moun-
tain corps. He was seated under a
pine-tree, near a spring, on the crest
of the Guadarrama. It was only
about a league and a half distant from
the palace of the Escurial, on the
boundary line of the provinces of
Madrid and Segovia. I know the
place, spring, pine-tree and all, but I
have forgotten its name.

 "Lot us sit down," went on Ga-
briel. "as that is the correct thing to
do, and as our program calls for a
rest here—'-here in this pleasant and
classic spot, famous for the digestive
properties of that spring, and for the
many lambs here devoured by our
noted teachers, Don Miguel Bosch,
Don Maximo Laguna, Don Augustin
Pascual, and other illustrious nat-
uralists. Sit down, and i will tell you
a strange and wonderful story in
proof of my thesis, which is, though
you call me an obscurantist for it.
Ihat supernatural events still occur on

1	his terraqueous globe. I mean events
which you can not get into terms of
reason, or science, or philosophy —
as those ‘words, words, words,’ in

  * Translated from the Spanish.

      26 6

Hamlet’s phrase, are understood (or
are not understood) today.”

  Gabriel was addressing his ani-
mated remarks to five persons of dif-
ferent ages. None of them was young,
though only one was well along in
years. Three of them were, like
Gabriel, engineers; the fourth was a
painter, and the fifth was a litterateur
in a small way. In company with the
speaker, who was the youngest, we
had all ridden up on hired mules from
the Real Sitio de San Lorenzo to
spend the day botanizing among the
beautiful pine groves of Pequerinos.
chasing butterflies with gauze nets,
catching rare beetles under the bark
of the decayed pines, and eating a
cold lunch out of a hamper which we
had paid for on shares.

  This took place in 1875. It was the
height of the summer. I do not re-
member Avhether it was Saint James’
day or Saint Louis’; I am inclined to
think it was Saint Louis’. Which-
ever it was, we enjoyed a delicious
coolness at that height, and the heart
and brain, as well as the stomach,
were there in much better working
order than usual.

  When the six friends were seated,
Gabriel continued as follows:

  "I do not think you will accuse me
of being a visionary. Luckily or un-
THE TALL WOMAN

267

luckily, I am, if you will allow me to
say so, a man of the modem world.
I have no superstition about me, and
am as much of a Positivist as the best
of them, although I include among the
positive data of nature all the mys-
terious faculties and feelings of the
soul. Well, then, apropos of super-
natural, or extra-natural, phenomena,
listen to what I have seen and heard,
although I was not the real hero of the
very strange story I am going to re-
late, and then tell me what explana-
tion of an earthly, physical, or natural
sort, however you may name it, can be
given of so wonderful an occurrence.

  “The case was as follows. But
wait! Pour me out a drop, for the
skin-bottle must have got cooled off by
this time in that bubbling, crystalline
spring, located by Providence on this
piny crest for the express purpose of
cooling a botanist’s wine.

2

“ VK7'ell, gentlemen, I do not know

  *	’ whether you ever heard of an
engineer of the roads corps named

Telesforo X-; he died in 1860.”

  “No; I haven’t.”

  “But I have.”

  “So have I. He was a young fel-
low from Andalusia, with a black
mustache; he was to have married the
Marquis of Moreda’s daughter, but he
died of jaundice.”

  “The very one,” said Gabriel.
“Well, then, my friend Telesforo, six
months before his death, was still a
most promising young man, as they
say nowadays. He was good-loolcing,
well built, energetic, and had the
glory of being the first one in his class
to be promoted. He had already
gained distinction in the practise of
his profession through some fine
pieces of work. Several different com-
panies were competing for his serv-
ices, and many marriageable women
were also competing for him. But
Telesforo, as you said, was faithful to
poor Joaquina Moreda.

  “As you know, it turned out that
she died suddenly at the baths of
Santa Agueda, at the end of the sum-
mer of 1859. I was in Pau when I
received the sad news of her death,
which affected me very much on ac-
count of my close friendship with
Telesforo. With her I had spoken
only once, in the house of her aunt,
the wife of General Lopez, and I cer-
tainly thought her bluish pallor a
symptom of bad health. But, how-
ever that may be, she had a dis-
tinguished manner and a great deal of
grace, and was, besides, the only
daughter of a title, and a title that
carried some comfortable thousands
with it; so I felt sure my good
mathematician would be inconsolable.
Consequently, as noon as I was back
in Madrid, fifteen or twenty days
after his loss, I went to see him very
early one morning. He lived in ele-
gant bachelor quarters in Lobo Street
—I do not remember the number, but
it was near the Carrera de San Jero-
nimo.

  ‘ ‘ The young engineer was very
melancholy, although calm and ap-
parently master of his grief. He was
already at work, even at that hour,
laboring with his assistants over some
railroad plans or other. He was
dresed in deep mourning.

  “He greeted me with a long and
close embrace, without so much as
sighhig. Then lue gave some direc-
tions to his assistants about the work
in hand, and afterward led me to his
private office at the farther end of the
house. As we were on our way there
he said, in a sorrowful tone and with-
out glancing at me:

  “ ‘I am very glad you have come.
Several times I have found myself
wishing you were here. A very
strange thing has happened to me.
Only a friend such as you are can
hear of it without thinking me either
a fool or crazy. I want to get an
opinion about it as calm and cool as
science itself.
268

WEIRD TALES

  " ‘Sit down,’ he went on when we
Lad readied Lis office, ‘and do not
imagine that I am going to afflict you
with a description of the sorrow I
am suffering—a sorrow which will last
as long as I live. Why should I? You
can easily picture it to yourself, little
as you know of trouble. And as for
being comforted, T do not wish to be,
either now, or later, or ever! What
I am going to speak to you about,
with the requisite deliberation going
back to the very beginning of the
thing, is a horrible and mysterious oc-
currence, which was an infernal omen
of my calamity, and which has dis-
tressed me in a frightful manner. ’

  " ‘Go on,’ I replied, sitting down.
The fact was, I almost repented
having entered the house, as I saw the
expression of abject fear on my
friend’s face.

  " ‘Listen, then,’ said he, wiping the
perspiration from his forehead.

3

" ‘ T no not know whether it is due to
some inborn fatality of imagina-
tion, or to having heard some story or
other of the kind with which children
are so rashly allowed 1o be fright-
ened, but the fact is, that since my
earliest years nothing has caused me
so much horror and alarm as a woman
alone, in the street, at a late hour of
the night. The effect is the same
whether I actually encounter her. or
simply have an image of her in my
mind.

  " ‘You can testify that 1 was never
a coward. I fought a duel once, when
I had to, like any other man. Just
after I had left the School of Engi-
neers, my workmen in Despenaperros
revolted, and I fought them with stick
and pistol until I made them submit.
All my life long, in Jaen, in Madrid,
and elsewhere, I have walked the
streets at all hours, alone and un-
armed, and if I have chanced to
run upon suspicious-looking persons,
thieves, or mere sneaking beggars,

they have had to get out of my way
or take to their heels. But if the per-
son turned out to be a solitary woman,
standing still or walking, and I was
also alone, with no one in sight in any
direction—then (laugh if you want to,
but believe me) T would be all cov-
ered over with goose-flesh: vague
fears would assail me; I would think
about beings of the other world, about
imaginary existences, and about all
the superstitious stories which would
make me laugh under other circum-
stances. I would quicken my pace, or
else turn back, and would not get over
my fright in the least until safe in my
own house.

  " 'Once there I would fall a-laugh-
ing, and would be ashamed of my
crazy fears. The only comfort I had
was that nobody knew anything about
it. Then I would dispassionately re-
mind myself that I did not believe in
goblins, witches, or ghosts, and that I
had no reason whatever to be afraid
of that wretched woman driven from
her home at such an hour by poverty,
or some crime, or accident, to whom
I might better have offered help, if
she needed it, or given alms. Never-
theless, the pitiable scene would be
gone over again as often as a similar
thing occurred—and remember that T
was twenty-four years old, that I had
experienced a great many adventures
by night, and yet that I had never
had the slightest difficulty of any sort
with such solitary women in the
streets after midnight. But nothing
of what I have so far told you ever
came to have any importance, sinee
that irrational fear always left me as
soon as I reached home, or saw any-
one else in the street, and I would
scarcely recall it a few minutes after-
ward, auv more than one would recall
a stupid mistake which had no result
of any consequence.

  " ‘Things were going on so. when,
nearly three years ago (unhappily, T
have good reason for knowing the
date, it was the night of November
15-16, 1857), I was coming home at
THE TALL WOMAN

261)

3	in the morning. As you remember,
1 was living then in that little house
in Jardines Street, near Montera
Street. I had .just, come, at that, late
hour, a bitter, cold wind blowing at
the time, out ot' a sort of a gambling-
house— 1 tell you this, although I
know it will surprize you. You know
that 1 am not a gambler. 1 went into
the place, deceived by an alleged
friend. But the fact was, that as
people began to drop in about mid-
night, coming from receptions or the
theater, the play began 1o be very
heavy, and one saw the gleam of gold
in plenty. Then came bank-bills, and
notes of hand. Little by little 1 was
carried away by the feverish and se-
ductive passion, and lost all the
money 1 had. I even went away
owing a round sum, for which 1 had
left my note behind me. In short, I
ruined myself completely; and but for
the legacy that came to me after-
ward, together with the good jobs I
have had, my situation would have
been extremely critical and painful.

  “ ‘So 1 was going home, I say, at
so late an hour that night, numb with
the cold, hungry, ashamed, and dis-
gusted as you can imagine, thinking
about my sick old father more than
about myself. I should have to write
to him for money, and this would
astonish as much as it would grieve
him, since he thought me in very easy
circumstances. Just before reaching
my street, where it crosses Peligros
Street, as 1 was walking in front of a
newly built house, I perceived some-
thing in its doorway. It was a tali,
large woman, standing stiff and mo-
tionless, as if made of wood. She
seemed to be about sixty years old.
Her bold and malignant eyes, un-
shaded by eyelashes, were fixed on
mine like two daggers. Her toothless
mouth made a horrible grimace at me.
meant to be a smile.

  “ ‘The very terror or delirium of
fear which instantly overcame me gave
me somehow a most, acute perception,
so that I coiild distinguish at a glance.

in the two seconds it took me to pass
by that repugnant vision, the slightest
details of her face and dress. Let me
sec if I can put together my impres-
sions in the way and form in which I
received them, as they were engraved
ineffaceably on my brain in the light
of the street-lamp which shone luridly
over that ghastly scene. But T am
exciting myself too much, though
there is reason enough for it, as you
will see further on. Don't be con-
cerned, however, for the state of my
mind. I am not yet crazy!

  “ ‘The first thing which struck me
in that woman, as 1 will call her, was
her extreme height and the breadth
of her bony shoulders; then, the
roundness and fixity of her dry, owl-
ish eyes, the enormous size of her pro-
truding nose, and the great dark
cavern of her mouth; finally, her
dress, like that of a young woman of
Avapies—the new little cotton hand-
kerchief which she wore on her head,
tied under her chin, and a diminutive
fan which she carried opened in her
hand, and with which, in affected
modesty, she was covering the middle
of her waist.

  “ ‘Nothing could he at the same
time more ridiculous and more aw-
ful. move laughable and more taunt-
ing. than that little fan in those huge
hands. It seemed like a make-be-
lieve scepter in the hands of such
an old, hideous and bony giantess.
A like effect was produced by the
showy percale handkerchief adorn-
ing her face by the side of that cut-
water nose, hooked and masculine;
for a moment I was led to believe
(or I was very glad to) that if was
a man in disguise.

  “ ‘But her cynical glance and
harsh smile were those of a hag. of a
witch, an enchantress, a Fate, a—T
know not what! There was some-
thing about her to justify fully the
aversion and fright which T had been
caused all my life long by women
walking alone in the streets at night.
One would have said that I had had
270

WEIRD TALES

a presentiment of that encounter
from my cradle. One would have said
that I was frightened by it instinctive-
ly, as every living being fears and
divines, and scents and recognizes,
its natural enemy before ever being
injured by it, before ever having
seen it, and solely on hearing its
tread.

  “ ‘I did not dash away in a run
when I saw my life’s sphinx. I re-
strained my impulse to do so, less out
of shame and manly pride than out
of fear lest my very fright should
reveal to her who I was, or should
give her wings to follow me, to over-
take me—I do not know what. Panic
like that dreams of dangers which
have neither form nor name.

  " ‘My house w'as at the opposite
end of the long and narrow street,
in which I was alone, entirely alone
with that mysterious phantom whom
I thought able to annihilate me with
a word. How should I ever get
home? Oh. how anxiously I looked
toward that distant Montera Street,
broad and well lighted, where there
are policemen to be found at all
hours! I decided, finally, to get the
better of my weakness; to dissemble
and bide that wretched fear; not to
hasten my pace, but to keep on ad-
vancing slowly, even at the cost of
years of health .or life, and in this
way, little by little, to go on getting
nearer to my house, exerting myself
to the utmost not to fall fainting on
the ground before I reached it.

  " ‘I was walking along in this way
—I must have taken about twenty
steps after leaving behind me the
doorway where the woman with the
fan was hidden, when suddenly a
horrible idea came to me—horrible,
yet very natural nevertheless—the
idea that I would look back to see
if my enemy was following me. One
thing or the other I thought, with
the rapidity of a flash of lightning:
either my alarm has some foundation
or it is madness; if it has any

foundation, this woman will have
started after me, will be overtaking
me, and there is no hope for me on
earth. But if it is madness, a mere
supposition, a panic fright like any
other, I will convince myself of it in
the present instance, and for every
case that may occur hereafter, by
seeing that that poor old woman has
stayed in that doorway to protect
herself from the cold, or to wait till
the door is opened: and thereupon I
can go on to my house in perfect
tranquillity, and I shall have cured
myself of a fancy that causes me
great mortification.

  " ‘This reasoning gone through
with, I made an extraordinary effort
and turned my head. Ah, Gabriel!
Gabriel! how fearful it was! The
tall woman had followed me with
silent tread, was right over me, al-
most touching me with her fan. al-
most leaning her head on my
shoulder.

  " ‘Why was she doing it?—why,
my Gabriel? Was she a thief? Was
she really a man in disguise? Was
she some malicious old hag who had
seen that I was afraid of her? Was
she a specter conjured up by my
very cowardice? Was she a mock-
ing fantasm of human self-deception?

  " ‘I could never tell you all I
thought in a_ single moment. If the
truth must be told, I gave a scream
and flew away like a child of four
years who thinks he sees the Black
Man. I did not stop running until
I got out into Montera Street. Once
there, my fear left me like, magic, in
spite of the fact that that street also
was deserted. Then I turned my
head to look back to Jardines Street.
I could see down its whole length.
It was lighted well enough for me to
see the tall woman, if she had drawn
back in any direction, and, by
heaven! I could not see her. standing
still, walking, or in any way! How-
ever, I was very careful not to go
back into that street again. The
THE TALL WOMAN

271

wretch, I said to myself, has slunk
into some other doorway. But she
can’t move without my seeing her.

  “ ‘Just then I saw a policeman
coming up Caballero de Gracia
Street, and I shouted to him without
stirring from my place. I told him
that there was a man dressed as a
woman in Jardines Street. I direct-
ed him to go round by the way of
Peligros and Aduana Streets, while
I would remain where I was, and in
that way the fellow, who was prob-
ably a thief or murderer, could not
escape us. The policeman did as I
said. He went through Aduana
Street, and as soon as I saw his lan-
tern coming along Jardines Street I
also went up it resolutely. .

 ‘“We soon met at about the
middle of the block, without either
of us having encountered a soul, al-
though we had examined door after
door.

  “ * “He has got into some house,”
said the policeman.

  “ ‘ “That must be so,” I replied,
opening my door with the fixed pur-
pose of moving to some other street
the next day.

  “ ‘A few moments later I was in
my room; I always carried my latch-
key, so as not to have to disturb my
good Jose. Nevertheless, he was
waiting for me that night. My mis-
fortunes of the 15th and 16th of No-
vember were not yet ended.

  “ ‘ “What has happened?” I asked
him. in surprize.

  “ ‘ “Major Falcon was here,” he
replied, with evident agitation,
“waiting for you from 11 till half-
past 2, and told me that, if you came
home to sleep, you had better not un-
dress, as he would be back at day-
break. ’ ’

  “ ‘Those words left me trembling
with grief and alarm, as if they had
pi'edicted my own death to me. I
knew that my beloved father, at his
home in Jaen, had been suffering fre-
quent and dangerous attacks of his
chronic disease. T had written to my

brothers that, if there should be a
sudden and fatal termination of the
sickness, they were to telegraph
Major Falcon, who would inform me
in some suitable way. I had not the
slightest doubt, therefore, that my
father had died.

  “ ‘I sat down in an armchair to
wait for the morning and my friend,
and, with them, the news of my
great misfortune. God only knows
what I suffered in those two cruel
hours of waiting. All the while,
three distinct ideas were inseparably
joined in my mind; though they
seemed unlike, they took pains, as it
were, to keep in a dreadful group.
They were: my losses at play, my
meeting with the tall wroman, and
the death of my revered father.

  “ ‘Precisely at 6 Major Falcon
came into my room, and looked at
me in silence. I threw myself into
his arms, weeping bitterly, and he
exclaimed, caressing me:

  “ ‘ “Yes, my dear fellow, Aveep.
weep.” ’

4

“A/Tv friend Telesforo,” Gabriel

  1 * A wTent on, after having drained
another glass of wTine, “also i*ested
a moment when he reached this
point, and then he proceeded as fol-
lows:

  “ ‘If my story ended here, per-
haps you would not find anything
extraordinary or supernatural in it.
You would say to me the same thing
that men of good judgment said to
me at that, time: that everyone who
has a lively imagination is subject to
some impulse of fear or other; that
mine came from belated, solitary
women, and that the old creature of
Jardines Street was only some home-
less waif who was going to beg of
me when I screamed and ran.

  “ ‘For my part, I ti’ied to believe
that it was so. I even came to be-
lieve it at the end of several months.
Still. T would have given years of my
*272

WEIRD TALES

life to be sure that 1 was not again
to encounter the tall woman. But.
today, I would give every drop of
my blood to be able to meet her
again.’

  " ‘What for?’

  " ‘To kill her on the spot.’

  “ ‘1 do not understand you.’

  " ‘You will understand me when
I tell you that I did meet her again,
three weeks ago, a few hours before
I had the fatal news of my poor
Joaquina’s death.’

  " ‘Tell me about it! tell me about
it!’

  " ‘There is little more to tell. It,
was 5 o’clock in the morning. It was
not yet fully light, though the dawn
was visible from the streets looking
toward the east. The street lamps
had just been put out, and the police-
men had withdrawn. As 1 was go-
ing through Prado Street, so as to
get to the other end of Lobo Street,
the dreadful woman crossed in front
of me. She did not look at me, and
I thought she had not seen me.

  " ‘She wore the same dress and
carried the same fan as three years
before. My trepidation and alarm
were greater than ever. I ran rapidly
across Prado Street as soon as she had
passed, although I did not take my
eyes off her, so as Jo make sure that
she did not look back, and, when 1
had reached the other end of Lobo
Street, I panted as if 1 had just swum
an impetuous stream. Then I pressed
on with fresh speed toward home,
filled now with gladness rather than
fear, lor I thought that the hateful
witch had been conquered and shorn
of her power, from the very fact that
I had been so near her and yet, that
she not seen me.

 " ‘ But soon, and when T had
almost reached this house, a rush of
fear swept over me, in the thought
that the crafty old hag had seen and
recognized me, that she had made a
pretense of not knowing me so as to
let me get into Lobo Street, where it
was still rather dark, and where she

might set upon me in safety, that she
would follow me, that she was already
over me.

  "‘Upon this, I looked around—
and there she was! There at my
shoulder, almost touching me with her
clothes, gazing at me with her
horrible little eyes, displaying the
gloomy cavern of her mouth, fanning
herself in a mocking manner, as if to
make fun of my childish alarm.

  “ T passed from dread to the most
furious anger, to savage and desper-
ate rage. 1 dashed at the heavy old
creature. I flung her against the
wall. 1 put my hand to her throat.
I felt of her face, her breast, the
straggling locks of her gray hair,
until I was thoroughly convinced that
she was a human being—a woman.

  " ‘Meanwhile she had uttered a
howl which was hoarse and piercing
at the same time. It seemed false and
feigned to me, like the hypocritical
expression of a fear which she did not
really feel. Immediately afterward
she exclaimed, making believe cry,
though she was not crying, but look-
ing at me with her hyena eyes:

 "‘"Why have you picked a
quarrel with me?”

  " ‘This remark increased my fright
and weakened my wrath.

  " ‘ "Then you remember," I cried,
"that you have seen me somewhere
else.”

  " ‘ "I should say so, my dear,” she
replied, mockingly. "Saint Eugene’s
night, in Jardines Street, three years
ago.”

  " ‘My very marrow was chilled.

  " ‘ "But who are you?” I asked,
without letting go of her. "Why do
you follow me? What business have
you with me?”

  " ‘ "I am a poor weak woman,”
she answered, with a devilish leer.
“You hate me, and you ;ire afraid of
me without any reason. If not, tell
me, good sir, why you were so
frightened the first time you saw
me. ”
THE TALL WOMAN

273

  “ * “Because I have loathed you
ever since I was bora. Because you
are the evil spirit of my life.”

“ ‘ “It seems, then, that you have
known me for a long time. Well,
look, my son, so have I known you.”
“ ‘ “You have known me? How
long?”

  “ ‘ “Since before you were born!
And when I saw you pass by me,
three years ago, I said to myself,
that’s the one.”

  “ ‘ “But what am I to you? What
are you to me?”

  “ ‘ “The devil!” replied the hag,
spitting full in my face, freeing her-
self from my grasp, and running
away with amazing swiftness. She
held her skirts higher than her knees,
and her feet did not make the
slightest noise as they touched the
ground.

  “ ‘It was madness to try to catch
her. Besides, people were already
passing through the Carrera de San
Jeronimo, and in Prado Street, too.
It was broad daylight. The tall
woman kept on running, or flying, as
far as Huertas Street, which was now
lighted up by the sun. There she
stopped to look back at me. She
waved her closed fan at me once or
twice, threateningly, and then dis-
appeared around a comer.

  “ ‘Wait a litle longer, Gabriel. Do
not yet pronounce judgment in this
case, "where my life and soul are con-
cerned. Listen to me two minutes
longer.

  “ ‘When I entered my house I met
Colonel Falcon, who had just come
to tell me that my Joaquina, my
betrothed, all my hope and happi-
ness and joy on earth, had died the
day before in Santa Agueda. The un-
fortunate father had telegraphed
Falcon to tell me—me, who should
have divined it an hour before, when
I' met the evil spirt of my life! Don’t
you understand, now, that I must kill
that bom enemy of my happiness,
that vile old hag, who is the living
mockery of my destiny ?

  “ ‘But why do I say kill? Is she
a woman? Is she a human being?
Why have I had a presentiment of her
ever since I was born? Why did she
recognize me when she first saw me?
Why do I never see her except when
some great calamity has befallen me?
Is she Satan? Is she Death? Is she
Life? Is she Antichrist? Who is
she? What is she?’

5

“ T will spare you, my dear
■*- friends,” continued Gabriel,
“the arguments.and remarks which
I used to see if I could not calm
Telesforo, for they are the same,
precisely the same, which you are
preparing now to advance to prove
that there is nothing supernatural or
superhuman in my story. You will
even go further; you will say that my
friend was half crazy; that he always
was so; that, at least, he suffered
from that moral disease which some
call ‘panic terror,’ and others ‘emo-
tional insanity;’ that, even granting
the truth of what I have related about
the tall woman, it must all be referred
to chance coincidences of dates and
events; and, finally, that the poor old
creature could also have been crazy,
or a thief, or a beggar, or a procuress
—as the hero of my story said to him-
self in a lucid interval.”

  “A very proper supposition!” ex-
claimed Gabriel’s comrades; “that is
just what we were going to say.”
“Well, listen a few minutes longer,
and you will see that I was mistaken
at the time, as you are mistaken now.
The one who unfortunately made no
mistake was Telesforo. It is much
easier to speak the word ‘insanity’
than to find an explanation for some
things that happen on the earth.”

  ‘ ‘ Speak, speak! ’ ’

  “I am going to; and this time, as
it is the last, I will pick up the thread
of my story without first drinking a
glass of wine.
274

WEIRD TALES

G

“ A few days after that conversa-
tion with Telesforo 1 was sent
to the province of Albacete in my
capacity as engineer of the mountain
corps. Not many weeks had passed
before J learned, from a contractor
for public works, that my unhappy
friend had been attacked by a dread-
ful form of jaundice; it had turned
him entirely green, and lie reclined in
an armchair without working or wish-
ing to see anybody, weeping night
and day in inconsolable grief.

  “This made me understand why he
had not answered my letters. I had
to resort to Colonel Falcon as a source
of n«ws of him, and all the while the
reports kept getting more unfavorable
and gloomy.

  “After an absence of live months I
returned to Madrid the same day that
the telegraph brought the news of the
battle of Tetuan. I remember it as if
it were yesterday. That night 1 bought
the indispensable Correspondmcia
de Espaiia, and the first thing I read
in it was the notice of Telesforo’s
death. His friends were invited to
the funeral the following morning.

  “You will be sure that I was
present. As we arrived at the San
Luis cemetery, whither I rode in one
of the carriages nearest, the hearse,
my attention was called to a peasant
woman. She was old and very tall.
She was laughing sacrilegiously as
she saw them taking out the coffin.
Then she placed herself in front of
the pall-bcarers in a triumphant
attitude and pointed out 1o them with
a very small fan the passageway they
were to take to reach the open and
waiting grave.

  “At the first glance I perceived,
with amazement and alarm, that she
was Telesforo’s implacable enemy.
She was just as he had described her
to me—with her enormous nose, her
devilish eyes, her awful mouth, her
percale handkerchief, and that dimin-
utive fan which seemed in her hands

the scepter of indecency and mockery.

  ■•She immediately observed that I
was looking at her, and fixed her gaze
upon me in a peculiar manner, as if
recognizing me, as if letting me know
that she recognized me, as if
acquainted with the fact that the
dead man had told me about the
scenes in Jardines Street and Lobo
Street, as if defying me, as if declar-
ing me the inheritor of the hate which
she had cherished for my unfortunate
friend.

  “I confess that at. the time my
fright was greater than my wonder
at those new coincidences and ac-
cidents. It seemed evident to me
that some supernatural relation, ante-
cedent to earthly life, had existed
between the mysterious old woman
and Telesforo. But for the time being
my sole concern was about my own
life, my own soul, my own happiness
—all of which would be exposed to
the greatest peril if I should really
inherit such a curse.

  “The tall woman began to laugh.
She pointed at me contemptuously
with the fan, as if she had read my
thoughts and were publicly exposing
my cowardice. I had to lean on a
friend's arm to keep myself from
falling. Then she made a pitying or
disdainful gesture, turned on her
heels, and went into the cemetery.
Her head was turned toward me. She
fanned herself and nodded to me at.
the same time. She sidled along among
the graves with an indescribable, in-
fernal coquetry until at last she dis-
appeared forever in that labyrinth of
tombs.

  “I say forever, since fifteen years
have passed and I have never seen her
again. If she was a human being she
must have died before this : if she was
not, I rest in the conviction that she
despised me too much to meddle with
me.

 “Now, then, bring on your
theories! Give me your opinion about,
1hese strange events. Do you still
regard them as entirely natural?”
THE weird, the grotesque, the abnormal, the utterly unusual in litera-
ture have held a strange fascination for the reading public for
centuries; though not until Poe's macabre genius devised an adequate
mechanism for such stories was the weird tale raised to the artistic heights it.
has attained under such masters as Blackwood, Mae hen. Ijovoe.raft. and others.
The brilliant success of this magazine shows the extent to which the route
macabre has caught the imagination of discerning readers. A letter from Monte-
vallo, Alabama, from one of our readers who signs himself I. L. S.. goes far
to explain the success which Wkiki> Talks has experienced: "I have been
reading \Yi:nu> Talks since 1923. At that time 1 had exhausted all of Poe’s
works that I could lay my hands on, and had come to the conclusion that as
far as further exploitation of the weird and gruesome in literalure was con-
cerned ‘there just wasn’t any more.' Then T discovered Wkikd Talks; and
I confess that i have enjoyed my wild and excited searching through each
copy since then for something grotesque, and lovely in its grot esq.uen ess. I
have in mind one tale by Mr. Lovecraft in your magazine. I think it. was
called The White Ship (1 hope my memory has not failed me on that point,
for I hoped never to forget it). It was serenely told; furthermore, it was
beautiful, and conclusive proof that .Mr. Lovecraft's gift of word-painting is
at times beyond description.’’

    Writes Tom Cain, of Baltimore, in a letter to The Eyrie: “Wmiin Talks
certainly fills a crying need in these days of steadily increasing materialism.
To get away from hard facts for awhile, to soar into realms of bizarrerie
where one may meet witches and warlocks, shake hands with the celebrities of
distant planets, be called a species of asparagus by Dr. de Grandin, or walk
right through an old-fashioned spook—such release gives one time to catch
one's breath, mentally speaking, or possibly even to get a new slant on the
world we have to live in. You have asked a few questions as to the readers’
attitude toward your reprint policy. Well, why not continue as at present?
There is no better way than to reprint monthly in the magazine some famous
weird tale, especially those not easily accessible to the average reader, and to
27G

WEIRD TALES

publish, let us say annually, a volume of reprints from your magazine similar
to The Moon Terror. I have noticed the list of requested stories in your
November issue: it is quite proper that -The Wind That Tramps the World
should hold first place; but any volume of reprints should certainly include
The Tied Brain, by Donald Wandrei. Those two are real, enduring literature,
and Weird Tales should be congratulated on being first to publish them.”

    It was with a. good deal of trepidation that we included Captain George
Fielding Eliot’s story, The Copper Bowl, in our December issue; for it was a
particularly gruesome story of torture, and we did not know just how our
readers would receive it. But our own judgment of the story’s high merit
(for the tale was extremely well told) was confirmed by the letters from you,
the readers. Only one story in the issue got more votes—and that was the
cover-design story featuring the inimitable Jules de Grandin.

    "I think I can safely give my vote of preference for the stories in the
December Weird Tales to The 'Copper Bowl,” writes H. F. Seotten, of In-
dianapolis. "Captain Eliot has succeeded, in this story, in exciting the
reader’s imagination to the extent that one is drawn, willy-nilly, into the
person of his hero; suffering with him his loathing for his fellow enemy, his
consuming anger, his desperation incited by the suffering of his sweetheart,
his raging attack on the torturers, and finally, the complete dissolution of his
sanity. In my opinion, Captain Eliot gave us a notable tale. And there is the
inimitable de Grandin again. How does Seabury Quinn do it? By all means,
let us have a reprint of The Wind That Tramps the World. I am sure that
your readers who have read it would enjoy it again, and it would be a rare
treat for those who have not.”

    Mrs. Edward McCann, of Dundalk, Maryland, writes to The Eyrie: "The
Copper Bowl was—well, it can’t be described. It makes the hair rise yet on
the back of my neck to think of it, Beyond Power of Man, by Paul Emst, was
very fine; everv time I looked around I expected to see or hear his giant,”
Writes Grace Norton, of San Diego, California: "I have just read my
first copy of your magazine, admittedly to see if a plot which I have had in
mind for some time would fit it, and I was delightfully surprized in the
quality of your stories. From being a purely business proposition at first, it
turned out to be an entertaining one—and I finished the magazine the evening
it was purchased, and nlmost scared myself into sleeplessness by doing so!
The stories are great. The Copper Bowl is an unusual story, even for grue-
someness. It is splendidly written. Also The Tinkle of the Camel’s Bell, and
The Chapel of Mystic Horror.”

    "I have just read the conclusion of The Werewolf’s Daughter, by H.
Warner Munn,” writes R. E. Ingraham, of Greenville, Michigan. "That
serial is about the best story I have ever read in your magazine. ’ ’

    •"Why not have more stories like The Copper Bowl in the Deeember
issue?” queries Miss LaVeme Johnson, of Rawlins, Wyoming. "I’m especially

(Continued on page 278)
IC3ES=0C

WEIRD TALES	277

FUTURE ISSUES

A wealth of fascinating stories is scheduled for early publication in Weibd
Tales, the unique magazine. The brilliant success of Weird Tales has
been founded on its unrivaled, superb stories of the strange, the grotesque
and the terrible—gripping stories that stimulate ■ the imagination and send
shivers of apprehension up the spine—tales that take the reader from the
humdrum world about us into a deathless realm of fancy—marvelous tales
so thrillingly told that they seem very real. Weird Tales prints the best
weird fiction in the world today. If Poe were alive he would undoubtedly
be a contributor. In addition to creepy mystery stories, ghost-tales, stories
of devil-worship, witchcraft, vampires and strange monsters, this magazine
also prints the cream of the weird-scientific fiction that is written today—
tales of the spaces between the worlds, surgical stories, and stories that scan
the future with the eye of prophecy. Among the amazing tales in the next
few issues will be:	*

AT A VAR, by Wallace West

        The author of “The Incubator Man” pictures a world Inhabited only by
        women, many centuries in the future; and in that loveless and heartless
        world is born a man-child, a throwback to the days when there wore both
        men and women in the world.

IN A DEAD MAN’S SHOES, by Harold Markham

        A story of Tyburn Gallows and vengeance from beyond the grave—a tale
        of Davy Garrick, the actor, and crim justice visited upon the man who be-
        trayed his friend the highwayman.

THE DUNWICH HORROR, by H. P. Lovecraft

        The author of “The Call oP Cthulhu” rises to new heights of terror and
        horror in this powerful story—a tale in which the horror creeps and grows,
        and finally bursts full-blown r.-'on the reader.

THE RAT, by S. Fowler Wright

        The author of “The Deluge" has written for this magazine a fascinating
        weird tale about a physician who discovered the secret of revitalizing the
        body cells to give eternal life—a tale of a gruesome murder, and a perplexed
        coroner’s jury.

THE SEA HORROR, by Edmond Hamilton

        Picture a flood of water, two miles wide, shooting up from the deeps of
        ocean, and the constantly rising sea threatening to cover the highest
        mountains. Panic terror overwhelmed the peoples of the world, until—but
        that is the story.

THE SHADOW OF A NIGHTMARE, by Donald Wandrei

        Tucked away in a corner of the Himalayas was a strange country, inhabited
        entirely by madmen; and from a manuscript that found its way to the outer
        world from this Country of the Mad stalked forth nightmare and horror.

THE LAUGHING THING, by G. G. Pendarves

        Eldred Werne signed away his estates to Jason Drewe, and then died, but
        the terrific manifestations at the manor showed that he wielded more
        power dead than alive—a powerful ghost-story.

THESE are but a few of the many super-excellent stories in store for
the readers of Weikd Tales. To make sure of getting your copy eaeh
month, and thus avoid the embarrassment of finding your favorite news
stand sold out, just fill out the coupon below and let us send it right to your

home. That’s the safest way.

WETItl) TALES,

810 North Michigan Ave.,

Chicago, HI.

     Enclosed find $2.50 for I year’s subscription to "Weird Tales,” to begin with the
March issue. ($3.00 in Canada.)

Name ___________-____________________________—----------—

Address ----------------------------------------------------

City _________________________________________________ Stntc-

BBS BBBBBBBI-----------------11-

i

I
l'78

WEIRD TALES

(Continued from page 276)

fond of Chinese torture tales. And Jules de Grandin—if you were to lose him
1 know we'd all mourn. I don't care much about 'Scienti-fietion,' but I like
everything else in the magazine—the weirder, the better. I have read Weird
Tales, right through to the end. for three years; it’s the only magazine on
the market that I read from end to end, even to the ads. I buy the first copy
sold here every month. Here's to the ‘Different Magazine’ and the 'Best’.”
An enthusiastic letter is this from Gerald Murray, of Alexandria. South
Dakota: “Dear Bditor and Staff:—L have been a steady reader of Weird
Tales for two years and I’m here to tell the world that it is all it is cracked
up to be. Throw that coupon away or make it bigger so that we can mention
all the stories. 1 haven’t found a story I didn't like in two years. And here’s
a request: by all means let us sec Sea bury Quinn’s works in book form.”

    “My favorite author in Weird Tales is Bli Colter,” writes B. F. Silbert,
of East Camden, New Jersey. “His best story, to my way of thinking, was
On the Dead Man's Chest. Its poignant beauty compares very favorably with,
that epic, The Wind That Tramps the World, by Frank Owen. Can’t we have
this loveh Chinese story as a reprint? Another unusually beautiful story in
your magazine was The Woman of the Wood, by A. Merritt.”

    Readers, what is your favorite story in this issue of Weird Tales? By
letting us know what stories you like best you can help us to fill the magazine
with stories that will appeal to you. Your favorite story in the December
issue, as shown by your votes, was Seabury Quinn’s fascinating tale, The
Chapel of Mystic Horror. Your second choice was the Chinese tortnre-tale,
The Copper Howl, by Captain George Fielding Eliot.

MY FA YOU IT B.STOR1BS IN THE FBBRFARY WEIRD TALES ARE:

Story	Remarks

(1)---------------------------- ----------------------------

(2)---------------------------- ----------------------------

(3)-------------------------------------------------------------------_--------------

  I do not like the following stories:

(1	)---------------------------- Why? ----------

(2	)---------------------------- -----------

    i

It will help us to know what kind of	1	Reader’s name and address:

 stories you want in Weird Tales if you	1

will fill out this coupon and mail it to	I ---------------------------------

 The Eyrie, Weird Talcs, 840 N. Michigan	i

Ave.. Chicago. 111.	I

 I
WEIRD

 The Star-Stealers

(Continued from page 168)

At last we were speeding down the
street by which we had entered the
city, and before us lay that street’s
end, with beyond it the vista of black
forest and glowing plain over which
we had come. And now we were
racing over that glowing plain, a
quarter-mile, a half, a mile. . . .

  Abruptly from far behind came the
calling, crescendo notes of the mighty
horns, marking the sleep-period’s
end, bringing back into the streets the
city’s tentacle-people. It could be but
moments now, we knew, before our
escape was discovered, and as we
panted on at our highest speed we
listened for the sounding of the alarm
behind us.

 It came! When we had drawn to
within a half-mile of the black forest
where our cruiser lay hidden, another
great tumult of horn-notes burst out
over the glowing city behind, high
and shrill and raging. And glancing
back we saw swarms of the black
cones rising from the pyramidal
buildings’ summits, circling, search-
ing, speeding out over the glowing
plains around the city, a compact
mass of them racing straight toward
us.

  " On! ’ ’ cried Hurus Hoi. " It’s our
last, chance—to get to the cruiser!”

Otaggering, stumbling, with the last
^ of our strength we sped on, over
the glowing soil and rocks, toward the
rim of the black forest which lay now
a scant quarter-mile ahead. Then sud-
denly Hurus Hoi stumbled, tripped
and fell. I halted, turned toward
him, then turned again as Dal Nara
shouted thickly and pointed upward.
We had been sighted by the speeding
cones above and two of them were
driving straight down toward us.

 A moment we stood there, rigid,
while the great cones dipped toward
us, waiting for the death that would

TALES	279

Rosicrucian
White Magic

and Its Laws

A Remarkable Book
LOANED
To All Seekers
For Power

  Whatever you imagine the power of Black
Magic may he, remember there is a pure
WHITE MAGIC which is as potent for good.

  With the higher occult laws and secrets of
mystical power you can change the course of
your life and attract success, health, happi-
ness and a development of mental foresight
that will astound you and surprise your
friends.

  The Rosicrucians were the Master Mystics
in all ages and today they are organized in
Lodges, groups and colleges in all parts of
the world. In their teachings they secretly
preserve the ancient wisdom that made the
Pyramid in Egypt the marvel of today and
the mystery temples of Greece the most al-
luring places of strange achievements.

  You may share in this great knowledge if
you are more than a mere seeker for mys-
tery and magic. If you really desire to
master the arcane, occult knowledge of the
Masters, step by step, and become a true
Adept of the Rosicrucian Fraternity, you
may have the doorway opened to you.

  The Rosicrucian teachings containing the
true knowledge of the mystics are never pub-
lished in hooks. But you may borrow a book
called “The Light of Egypt,” in which the
strange story of the Rosicrucians is told and
an explanation of how you may have the
private teachings of the Rosicrucian order
in America.

  Unless you are truly sincere and anxious
to study and gradually become developed in
a superior manner, do not ask for this book.
Address in confidence, giving name and ad-
dress In a letter (not on post card):

LIBRARIAN—IV. T.

AMORC TEMPLE

SAN JOSE,	CALIF.

—— itt—■—bbh—■———aa——b

 A Weird Thriller—

“The Moon T error”
280

WEIRD TALES

crash down upon us from 1 hem. Then
suddenly a great dark shape loomed
in the air above and behind us, from
which sprang out swift shafts of bril-
liant green light, the dazzling de-
cohesion ray, striking the two swoop-
ing cones and sending them down in
twin torrents of shattered wreckage.
And now the mighty bulk behind us
swept swiftly down upon us, and we
saw that it was our cruiser.

 Smoothly it shot down to the
ground, and we stumbled to its side,
through the waiting open door. As f
staggered up to the bridgeroom the
third officer was shouting in my ear.
“We sighted you from the forest,”
he was crying. “Came out in the
cruiser to get you-”

  But now I was in 1he bridgeroom,
brushing the wheelman from the con-
trols. sending our ship slanting sharp-
ly up toward the zenith. Hums Hoi
was at my side, now^-pointing toward
the great telechart and shouting some-
thing in my car. I glanced over, and
my heart stood still. For the great
dark disk on the chart had swept
down to within an inch of the, shining
line around our sun-eircle, the dan-
ger-line.

  "The condenser!” 1 shouted. “We
must get to that switch—turn it off!
It’s our only chance!”

  We were racing through the air to-
ward the luminous city, now, and
ahead a mighty swarm of the cones
was gathering and forming to meet
us, while from behind and from each
side came other swarms, driving on
toward us. Then the door clicked
open and Dal Nara burst into the
bridgeroom.

  "The ship's ray-tubes are useless!”
she cried. "They’ve used the last
charge in the ray-tanks!”

  At that cry the controls quivered
under my hands, the ship slowed,
stopped. Silence filled the bridge-
room, filled all the cruiser, the last
silence of despair. We had failed.
Weaponless our ship hung there, mo-
lionless, while toward it from all di-

rod ions leaped the swift and swarm-
ing cones, in dozens, in scores, in
hundreds, leaping toward us, long
black messengers of death, while on
the great telechart the mighty dark
star leapt closer toward the shining
circle that was our sun. toward the
fateful line around it. We had
failed, and death was upon us.

  And now the black swarms of the
cones were very near us, and were
slowing a little, as though fearing
some ruse on our part, were slowing
but moving closer, closer, while we
awaited them in a last utter stupor of
despair. Closer they came, closer,
closer. . . .

  A ringing, exultant cry suddenly
sounded from somewhere in the cruis-
er beneath me, taken up by a sudden
babel of voices, and then Dal Nara.
cried out hoarsely, beside me, and
pointed up through our upper
observation-windows toward a long,
shining, slender shape that was
driving down toward us out of the
upper air, while behind it drove a
vast swarm of other and larger
shapes, long and black and mighty.

  ‘ ‘ It’s our own ship! * ’ Dal Nara was
shouting, insanely. “It's Ship 16!
They escaped, got back to the Galaxy
—and look there—behind them—it’s
Ihe fleet, the Federation fleet!”

  There was a wild singing of blood
in ray ears as I looked up, saw the
mighy swarm of black shapes that
Were speeding down upon us behind
Ihe shining cruiser, the five thousand
mighty battle-cruisers of the Federa-
tion fleet.

  The fleet! The massed fighting-
ships of the Galaxy, cruisers from
Ant arcs and Sirius and Eegulus and
Spica, the keepers of the Milky Way
patrol, the picked fighters of a uni-
verse! Ships with which I had
cruised from A returns to Deneb, be-
side which I had battled in many an
interstellar fight. The fleet! They
were straightening, wheeling, hover-
ing, high above us, and then they were
driving down upon the massed
WEIRD TALES

281

swarms of cones around us in one
titanic, simultaneous swoop.

  Then around us the air flashed bril-
liant with green ray and bursting
flares, as de-cohesion rays and etheric
bombs crashed and burst from ship to
ship. Weaponless our cruiser hung
there, at the center of that gigantic
battle, while around us the mighty
cruisers of the Galaxy and the long
black cones of the ten tael e-people
crashed and whirled and flared,
swooping and dipping and racing
upon each other, whirling down to
the glowing world below in scores of
shattered wrecks, vanishing in silent
flares of blinding light. From far
away across the surface of the lum-
inous world beneath, the great swarms
of cones drove on toward the battle,
from the shining towers of cities far
away, racing fearlessly to the attack,
sinking and falling and crumbling
beneath the terrible rays of the leap-
ing ships above, ramming and crash-
ing with them to the ground in
sacrificial plunges. But swiftly, now,
the cones were vanishing beneath the
brilliant rays.

  Then Hums Hoi was at my side,
shouting and pointing down toward
the glowing city below. “The con-
denser!" he cried, pointing to where
its blue radiance still flared on. “Th<‘
dark star—look!" He flung a hand
toward the telechart, where the dark
star disk was but a scant half-inch
from the shining line around our sun-
circle, a tiny gap that was swiftly
closing. I glanced toward the battle
that raged around us, where the
Federation cruisers were sending the
cones down to destruction by swarms,
now, but unheeding of the condenser
below. A bare half-mile beneath us
lay that condenser, and its cage-pillar
switch, which a single shaft of the
green ray would have destroyed
instantly. And our ray-tubes were
useless!

  Then wild resolve flared up in my
brain and I slammed down the levers
in my hands, sent our ship racing

A Quick'Action Story—
“The Moon Terror”

Learn Electricity

in 12 Weeki—In the Great Sheps of Coyne

The whole world of electricity is open to the
Coyne trained manbecausethe COYNE big, new-
ly enlarged course is complete and trains you BY
ACTUAL WOUK on avastou»lay«*f electrical equipment.

No Books—No Classes—Start Any Time.
Not a Correspondence School

We don't make you a mere “paper” electrician. You
become a real EXPERT through actual work at COYNE.
You Don’t Need Advanced Education
or experience! Any m&n who ia ambitious and willing
can learn at Coy no.

Eitvn $200 to $800 a Month

 No bocks or useless theory. Younre twined on everything
 from door belle to power plants, everything to make you
 a $50 to $200 a week COYNE-trained EXPEKT.

 TailikV Send for bijf free book, eperial FREE
 1 Sit- A oaay R, R. fare offer, do.aile of FItF.K T.\f%
 4f«m£{r«A:;>an<itwcFI(EK coornei*, including Radio. Writ* today.

    COYNE ELECTRICAL SCHOOL

 500 S. Paulina St.. Dept.29-96 Chicago, III.

 COYNE ELECTRfCAt SCHOOL. H. C. Lewis. Pres.

500 S. Paulina St.. Dept. 29*38. Chicago, Ilf.	■

         >*l«asp tend toti your Free. Illustrated Hook «>n Electricity and	|
  Covne. No obligation. Give detail* of special offer too.

!	I

| Nan:#__-__I

I	I

I Address__________________________________________I

I	I

| City_State.__I

How to Obtain

A Perfect Looking No«e

 My latest improved Model 26 cor-
 rects now ill-shaped noses quickly, pain-
 lessly, permanent ly and comfortably at
 home. It 1* th*' only noseshapimr ap-
 pliance of precise adjustment anrl a
 safe ami guaranteed parent device that
 will actually jrive you » perfect looking
 nose. Writ** fur free booklet which tells
 you how to obtain a perfect looking
 nose. \l. Trllety, Pioneer Xoseshaplng
 Specialist, llcpt. 3 1 fi 1, Hinghamton.X.Y.

 ft fi a	i),cc» $».«©; < -ards. $1.25: Ink*. $1.60;

?gg Bn 18 » Magic Fluid for Transparent.*!, $3.00;
iTinwaiv ftl,ck Aco rard;, $1.25; Factory
Readers, $1.00. Sales Boards, etc. Catalog 10c.
( KXTHAL NOVRI/rY COMPANY,

      710 W. Madihon St.. Chicago, III.

OLD MONEY WANTED ^T5^-

 divds «>f old or Otlrl Coins. Ke«p All Old Mon-
 ey, it may lie very valuable. Send 10 cents for
 Now Illustrated Coin Value Book, 4x»i. Guaran-
 teed Prices. Get Posted. We pay cash.
 ( I.A 1C KB C OIN CO., W. T. Depl., I.eftsy, N. Y.
2S2

WEIRD TALES

down toward the condenser and its
upheld cage like a released thunder-
bolt of hurtling metal. “Hold tight!"
I screamed as we thundered down.
“I'm going to ram the switch!"

  And now up toward us were rush-
ing the brilliant blue hemispheres of
the pit, the great pillar and upheld
cage beside them, toward which we
flashed with the speed of lightning.
Crash!—and a tremendous shock
shook the cruiser from stem to stern
as its prow tore through the upheld
metal cage, ripping it from its
supporting pillar and sending it
crashing to the ground. Our cruiser
spun, hovered for a moment as though
to whirl down to destruction, then
steadied, while wre at the window
"azed downward, shouting.

  For beneath us the blinding ra-
diance of the massed hemispheres had
suddenly snapped out! Around and
above us the great battle had died,
the last of the cones tumbling to the
ground beneath the rays of the
mighty fleet, and now we turned
swiftly to the telechart. Tensely we
scanned it. Upon it the great dark-
star disk was creeping still toward
the line around our smi-circle, creep-
ing slower and slower toward it but
still moving on, on, on. . . . Had we
lost, at the last moment? Now the
black disk, hardly moving, was all but
touching the shining line, separated
from it by only a hair’s-breadth gap.
A single moment wre watched while it
hovered thus, a moment in which was
settled the destiny of a sun. And
then a babel of incoherent cries came
from our lips. For the tiny gap was
widening!

  The black disk was moving back,
was curving outward again from our
sun and from the Galaxy’s edge,
curving out once more into the blank
depths of space whence it had come,
without the star it had planned to
steal. Out, out, out—and we knew,
at last, that we had won.

 And the mighty fleet of ships
around us knew, from their own tele-

charts. They were massing around us
and hanging motionless while beneath
us the palely glowing gigantic dark
star swept on, out into the darkness
of trackless space until it hung like a
titanic feeble moon in the heavens
before us, retreating farther and
farther from the shining stars of our
Galaxy, carrying with it the glowing
cities and the hordes of the tentacle-
peoples, never to return. There in
the bridgeroom, with our massed
ships around us, we three watched it
go, then turned back toward our own
yellow star, serene and far and
benignant, that yellow star around
which swung our own eight little
worlds. And then Dal Nara flung out
a hand toward it, half weeping now.

  “The sun!” she cried. “The sun!
The good old sun, that we fought for
and saved! Our siui, till the end of
time!”

6

It was on a night a week later that
Dal Nara and I said farewell to
Hurus Hoi, standing on the roof of
that same great building on Neptune
from which we had started with our
fifty cruisers weeks before. We had
learned, in that week, how the only
survivor of those cruisers, Ship 16,
had managed to shake off the pur-
suing cones in that first fierce attack
and had sped back to the Galaxy to
give the alarm, of how the mighty
Federation fleet had raced through
the Galaxy from beyond Antares in
answer to that alarm, speeding out
toward the approaching dark star
and reaching it just in time to save
our own ship, and our sun.

  The other events of That week, the
honors which had been loaded upon
us, I shall not attempt to describe.
There was little in the solar system
which we three could not have had
for the asking, but Hurus Hoi was
content to follow the science that wTas
his life-work, while Dal Nara, after
the manner of her sex through all the
ages, sought a beauty parlor, and I
WEIRD TALES

283

asked only to continue with our
cruiser in the service of the Federa-
tion fleet. The solar system was
home to us, would always be home to
us, but never, I knew, would either
of us be able to break away from the
fascination of the great fleet’s inter-
stellar patrol, the flashing from sun
to sun, the long silent hours in cosmic
night and siellar glare. WTe would be
star-rovers, she and I, until the end.

   So now, ready to rejoin the fleet, I
stood on the great building’s roof, the
mighty black bulk of our cruiser be-
hind us and the stupendous canopy
of the Galaxy’s glittering suns over
our heads. In the streets below, too,
were other lights, brilliant flares,
where thronging crowds still cele-
brated the escape of their worlds.
And now Hurus Hoi was speaking,
more moved than ever I had seen him.

  "If Nal Jak were here-” he

said, and we were all silent for a
moment. Then his hand came out
toward us and silently we wrung it,
turning toward the cruiser’s door.

  As it slammed shut behind us we
were ascending to the bridgeroom,
and from there we glimpsed now the
great roof dropping away beneath us
as we slanted up from it once more,
the dark figure of Hurus Hoi out-
lined for a moment at its edge against
the lights below', then vanishing. And
the world beneath us was shrinking,
vanishing once more, until at last of
all the solar system behind us there
was visible only the single yellow
spark that, was our sun.

  Then about our outward-racing
cruiser was darkness, the infinite
void’s eternal night—night and the
unchanging, glittering hosts of wheel-
ing, flaming stars.

COMING SOON-

Within the Nebula

A Qripping Interplanetary Tale
By EDMOND HAMILTON

 tlSs /30x3fe\ a

 1	'TIRES L®

I

t BAC?<

 r-

 30x5.25	Cord Pj'1;6 Tt*e

 31x5.25	Ne* ««9- Tires.

His" pter,rcs Tf ® 33x4$- ■ • n.70 2.e» i

  Steo- $1.85S'-S 34x4V4•••• 4.00 2.® °
       30x?;'/i' ■ •' 2.70 1-50	•••• 41o 2.3J

  I	31x4 •••■ 2.75 VJ® 33x5 •••• 4.20

........■'"yrifiTtSS

__fine used fires now.

   Send $1 deposit £or each tire ordered. Bslanco

  THE DOSED TIRE CO. OF CHICAGO
  Dept. 125, 2553 S. State St.. Chicago. III.

 it

CONCENTRATION

  liearn how to keep your mind on one subject
  despite interruptions. Great possibilities
  through thought control. Companion book.
  “How to Conquer Fear,” shows how to avoid
  worry, fear, doubt, anxiety, strain, nervous-
  ness, self-consciousness and gain contentment.
  Both wonderful books by F. W. Sears, M. I*.
  $1 postpaid, or C. O. I), to any U. S. I’ost
  Office; you pay postman prico plus postage.
  Satisfaction or money back.

  CKNTRK PUB. CO., 838 7tl> Ave., X-38, New York.

 _____IAMGEL

  r Men, get Forest Ranger job; $125-$200
  , mo. and home furnished; hunt, fish, trap,
  etc.; vacations on full’pay. For details, write
  5 562 Temple Court
  DSNVER. COLORADO j

 NORTON INST*

for DRUC HABIT

__ jrCURCB nWnB or NO l»AV

__•till rrcarmen! bent on trial. Caa be

   I M given secretly ia privacy of homo. Guaranteed

   _ - - banish forever all desire for whiskey, gin, wine, home

   _ _biew, moonshine, opium, morphine. heroin, ritrcgoric ana

   laud num. Costs $2.00 if cures, nothing if fails. .Save him from Poisoa.
   STANDARD LABORATORIES Sta. N-83 BALTIMORE MD.

   A111 a zinc discovery. Stows Epileptic
   attacks nt once. NO BROMIDES—
   NO LIQUID MEDICINE. Results
   guaranteed or first treatment costs
   nothing. Write at onco.

MMCOY RRODUCTS, INC.,

  Box No. 223 Gen. P. O.	New YorK,	Dept. P-09

  3SOVEI/TIKS, BOOKS, ILLUSTRATED OAK-

  toon Rooks. ftond for Freo circular. Walter
  Tees, Box 41, Xia. W., Brooklyn, N. Y.

Thrills! Mystery!
Excitement!

“THE MOON TERROR’5
284

WEIRD TALES

times till t.lie flower-bells oil
ankles seemed to clap their petals
for very joy and her sheer, diaph-
anous skirl slood stiffly out, whirling
round her like a wheel of white.
Next, with a quick, dodging motion,
she advanced a step or two, re-
Ireated, and bent almost double in a
profound salaam to the audience.

  A second of tableau; then with a
long, graceful bound she reached the
center of the rug spread on the
dance floor, turning to the orchestra
and snapping her lingers impera-
tively. A flageolet burst into a strain
of rippling, purling minors, a zither
hummed and sang accompaniment, a
tom-tom seconded with a hollow,
thumping rhythm.

  “llai!” she cried in gipsy aban-
don. l‘JI<ii, luii. Inn!"

  With a slow, gliding movement
she began her dance, hands and feet
moving subtly, in perfect harmony.
Now she leaned forward till her
cerise bodice seemed barely to clear
the floor, now she bent back till it
seemed she could not retain her bal-
ance. Again her little naked feet
were motionless on the dark carpet
as twin stars reflected in a still pool
while her body swayed and rippled
from ankle to chin like a cobra rear-
ing upright, and her arms, seemingly
boneless, described sinuous, serpen-
tine patterns in the air, her hands
bent backward till the fingers almost
touched the wrists.

  Now pipe and zither were stilled
and only the rhum, rhum, rlmm—
rhum-rhum, of the tom-tom spoke,
and her torso throbbed and rippled
in the danse du ventre.

  The music rose suddenly to a shrill
crescendo and she began to whirl 011
her painted toes with a wild fan-
dango movement, her arms straight
out from her shoulders as though
nailed to an invisible cross, her skirt

flickering horizontally about her like
some great, white-petaled flower, her
little, soft feet making little, soft
hissing sounds against the purple
carpet as she spun round and round.

  Slowly, slowly, her speed de-
creased. She was like a beautiful
top spun at greatest speed, gradu-
ally losing its momentum. The music
died to a thin, plaintive wail, the
pipe whimpering softly, the zither
crooning sleepily and the tom-tom’s
rumble growing fainter and fainter
like receding summer thunder.

  For a moment she paused, dead-
still, only her slim breasts moving as
they fought llutteriugly for breath.
Then, in a high, sweet soprano, she
began an old Eastern love song, a
languorous, beguiling tune of a people
who have made a fine art of love-
making for uncounted generations.

For thou, beloved, art to me
As a garden;

Even sis a garden of rare and beauteous

   flowers.

Hoses bloom upon thy lips,

And the mountain myrtle
Tn thy eyes.

Tliy breasts are even as the lily,

Even as the moonflower
Who unveils her pale faee nightly
To the passionate caresses of the moon.
Thy hair is as the tendril of the grape. . . .

  With slow, gliding steps she re-
treated toward the archway through
which she had come, paused a
moment, and held her hands out to
the audience, her henna-tipped fingers
curled into little, flowerlike cups.

  As she halted in her recessional a
great shout went up from one of the
slant-eyed men nearest the dancing-
floor.

  In a moment the place was like an
unroofed ant-hill. “Lights!” shouted
de Grandin, springing from his seat.
•‘Trowbridge—Costello, guard the
<loor! ’’

The Devil-People

          (Continued f rom page 190)
                  her
WEIRD TALES

285

  In the sudden welter of bright
illumination as every light in the
place was snapped on, we saw a circle
of the strange people forming and
slowly closing on Mutina, more than
one of the men stealthily drawing
a wicked-looking Malay kris from
beneath his coat.

  Thrusting both hands beneath her
star-sown veil the girl brought forth
a pair of limes, broke their rinds with
frantic haste and sprinkled a circle
of the acid, amber juice about her on
the floor.

  An evil-eyed man who seemed to be
the leader of the strangers started
backward with a snarl of baffled rage
as she completed the circle, and
looked wonderingly about him.

  “Ha, my ugly-faced friend, you
did not expect that, hemf” asked
Jules de Grandin in high good humoi*.
“Me, I am responsible for it. As a
half-breed of your cursed devil-tribe,
Madame Mutina could no more have
touched a lime than she could have
handled a live coal, but with the aid
of a Christian priest I have freed her
from her curse, and now she does
defy you. Meanwhile-”

  He got no further. With a yell of
fury like the scream of a blood-mad
leopard, the razor-eyed creature
leaped forward, and at his back
pressed a half score of others of his
kind.

  “Back to back, mon brave,” de
Grandin commanded Starkweather as
he thrust his hand inside his jacket
and brought forth an eighteen-inch
length of flexible, rubber-bound elec-
tric cable tipped with a ball of lead
in which a dozen steel spikes had been
embedded.

  Similarly armed, young Stark-
weather whirled round, bracing his
shoulders to the little Frenchman’s
back.

  Feet well apart, de Grandin and his
ally swung their improvised maces
with the regularity of pendulums.

  Screams and curses and cries of
surprized dismay followed every

Explains many mystifying tricks with
coins, cards, handkerchiefs, etc., you
can do. Also contains complete catalog of
Magic Tricks, Jokes, Puzzles, Escapes,
Curios, and Imported Novelties from
many Foreign lauds. Large assoitmcnt,
lowest prices. You will amaze and
mystify your friends I Send 10c today.

1.YLE DSyCLSS,

Station A-6__Dallas, Togas

I CHALLENGE

you that I will teach you, by mail, in one lesson, the
simplest, shortest method nil fur $1.00. Not telepathy.
You can read one's mind to a dot, .by only looking in the
eyes of partner, chum, sweetheart, etc. Praised by New
York, Boston, Montreal police chiefs; colleges; Thurston;
Blackstone; etc. If fake, let them arrest me.

A. HOWICMAW, 811 a Ctarke St., Dapt. WT-2, Moniroal, Can

ARE YOU ^6ASH FU L?

You must overcome Bashfulnes3, Self-Con3ciousness, Men-
tal Fear, to succeed in the business and social world.
Send 10c for the amazing booklet, "Road tn Poise and
Achievement.** Tells how thousands have conquered bash-
i u li .ess.

Seymour insf, S. ?2G, 21 Clarkson fly.. Brooklyn, fl. Y.

MEN, GET FORK8T RANGEK JOB; $135-$i£C0

mo. and home furnished: hunt, fish, trap. For
details, write Norton Inst., X5G1 Temple Court,

IVnver. Polo.

WHISKEY OK DRUG HABIT CUKED OK NO

pay! Secret Treatment. $2.00 if cured, sent on
trial! Laboratories, Sta. C. Box 89, Los Angeles,

Calif.

SONG POEM WRITERS—“KKAL" PROPOSI-

tion. Hibbeler, D-156, 2104 N. Keystone.
Ch’caaro.

A Tale of Eery Happenings
“The Moon Terror”

Have A New Skin!

 In 3 Days! With New*
 German Method!

  Oft Any Part of Face..Meckor Body

 Read Our Fro© Offer Bolow: Here is the
 most astonishing, yet simple discovery in the
 history of beauty culture for women and men,
 young and old, who wish to fret rid of dis-
 figuring facial blemishes and have a new soft,
 smooth skin and beautiful complexion. It is
 ditforent from anything you have ever tried
 or heard of. Harmless, easy, and quick 1 All
 explained in a new FREE treatise on skin
 imperfections and how to have "Beautiful
 N«*w Skin in 3 Days.*’ Learn this secret
 method >oursolf, at home. Come forth with
 an amazing new skin, beautiful youth-like
 complexion and astonish and captivate friends.
 Send no money—just name and address and
 FREE treatment will be sent to you by
 return mail, postpaid. Address

MARVO, Dept. 324-®

1700 Browlwfty Xmv York. X. V.
2S6

WE1KD TALES

down-stroke ot‘ the spiked clubs. The
assailants, half their former number,
drew back, mouthing obscenities at
the pair, then rushed again to the
attack.

  Mutina was like a thing possessed,
(■one was every vestige of Western
culture she had picked up during her
residence here. She was once more a
woman of the never-changing East,
an elemental female creature, stark
bare of all conventions, glorying in
the battle and the savage part her
man played in it. Safe inside her
barrier of lime juice, she danced up
and down in wild elation as de
Grandin and Starkweather, slowly
advancing across the dance'floor, beat
a path toward her, smashing arms
and ribs and skulls with the merci-
less flailing of their spiked clubs.

  “ Bravely struck, O defender of the
fatherless!” she screamed. "Billahi
—bv the breath of God, ywell struck,
() peerless warrior!”

  "Up an’ at ’em, boys!” bellowed
Costello, seeming to emerge suddenly
from the trance of admiration with
which he had watched de Grandin
and Starkweather battle, “(rive ’em
111" wor-rks!”

  Like terriers leaping on a pitful of
rats, Costello’s detectives boiled over
the dancing-floor.^ Blackjacks, pre-
viously well soaked in lime juice,
brass knuckles similarly treated, and
here and there a big, raw fist, still wet
with its baptism of acid liquid, struck
and hammered against brown faces
and dashed devastating blows into
wicked, slanting yellow’ eyes.

"T>i: dad, Dr. de Grandin, sor,”
declared Costello twenty min-
utes later as he wrung the little
Frenchman’s slender white hand,
“ ’tis th’ broth of a boy ye are, an’
no mistake. Never in all me bor-rn
days have 1 seen a better lad wid th ’
old shillalah. Glory be to Gawd, but
ye:d be th’ pride o’ all th’ colleens
an' th’ despair o’ all the boys if ye

ever went ter Donnybrook Fair, so ye
would, sor!”

“ \ vintage, Madame, ” de Grandin
^ cried to the stout hostess who
hovered near, uncertain whether to
bewail the fight which had emptied
her establishment or add her congrat-
ulations to Costello's, "a vintage of
your rarest, and let it be not less than
two quarts. Me, I have serious drink-
ing to do, now that business is
finished. Have no fear of the good
sergeant. Have I not heard him say
more than once that legging of the
boot is more a work of Christian
charity than a crime? Certainly.

 "To us, my friends,” he pro-
nounced when the champagne was
brought and our glasses filled with
bubbling, pale-yellow liquid. "To
stout young Monsieur Starkweather,
who fights like a very du Guesclin; to
Trowbridge and Costello, than whom
no man ever had better friends or
better comrades; but most of all,
beautiful Mutina, to you. To you,
who braved the sorrows of a broken
heart and the wrath of the devil-
people on earth and the tortures of
the False Prophet’s everlasting hell
hereafter for love of him who is your
husband. Cordieu, never was toast
drunk to a nobler, gentler lady—he
who says otherwise is a foul liar!”

  He sent the fragile goblet crashing
to the floor as the pledge was finished,
and turned again to the reunited
couple. “Your troubles arc like the
shadows of him who walks'westward
in the evening, my friends,” he
assured them. “For ever and for
always they lie behind you. As for
the foul Rakshasas—pouf! as young
Starkweather and I shattered their
evil skulls, their power over you is
shattered for all time, even as

this-” Snatching the glowing in-

dong mutina from the gill's diadem
he struck it sharply against the table
edge. The iridescent shell cracked,
almost as though it had been an egg,
and from it dropped the most
WEIRD TALES

287

magnificent pearl I had ever seen.
Large as a small marble it was, with
a pigeon's-ncck luster and deep, opal-
like fire-gleams in its depths which
held the eyes in fascination as a
magic crystal might hold a devotee
enthralled. Ignorant as I was of such
matters, I knew the thing must be
worth at least thirty thousand dollars,
perhaps twice that sum.

  "To a pearl among women, a pearl
among pearls," de Grandin an-
nounced, taking Mutina’s little hand
in his and kissing her painted linger
tips, one after the other, then closing
them about the lustrous gem. ‘’Take
you each other to yourselves, my
friends,’’ he bade, "and may the good
( !od bless you and yours for ever and
always. ’ ’

  Simply as a child, wholly unmind-
ful of the rest of us, Mutina turned
her lips for her husband’s caress, and
as she did so, I heard her murmur
softly: "Laid kakasih amba lean puji
sampci kakol—best beloved, husband
and lover, forever and forever I adore
thee!"

 CRETE

By ROBERT E. HOWARD

 The green waves wash above us
 Who slumber in the bay
 As washed the tide of ages
 That swept our race away.

 Our cities—dusty ruins;

 Our galleys—deep-sea slime;
 Our very ghosts, forgotten,

 Bow to the sweep of Time.

 Our land lies stark before it
 As we to alien spears,

 But. nh, the love we bore it

Outlasts the

crawling years.

Ah, jeweled spires at even—
The lute’s soft golden sigh—
The Lion-Gates of Knossos
When dawn was in the sky.

PERSONAL
Appearance

is now more than aver
1 hr key no to of success,
both in social and busi-
ness life. Bow-Logged
and Knock -Kneedmon
and women, >M>th young
and old. will Im* glad to
hear that my new appli-
ance will successfully
straighten, within ashort
time. Ikhv-logged ness
and knock-kneed legs,
.snf'-ly. quickly and per-
manently, without pain,
operation or discomfort.
Worn at night. My new "Lim-SiraUner' Model IK, U. S. Pat-
ent, is easy to adjust: Its results will soon save you from fur-
ther humiliation, and improve your personal appearance 100
per cent. (Model IK is not like old-fashioned splints or brae* a.
with bothersome straps, hard to adjust, hut a scientific, mod-
ern device of proven merit, used and recommended for the last
X wars by physicians everywhere.)

    Write today for particulars, testimonials and my free copy-
 righted physiological and anatomical book which tells you how
 to correct !*ow aud knock-kneed legs without any obligation.
 Enclose a dime for postage.

M. TRILETY, SPECIALIST

1B76L, W. U. Building, Binghamton, N. Y.

Setting Up Mights

  If Bladder Weakness, Getting Up
Nights, Backache, Burning ov Itching
Sensation, leg or groin pains make you
feel old, tired, pepless, and worn out
why not make the Cystex 48 Hour Test?
Don’t give up. Get Cystex today at any
drug store. Put it to a 48 hour test.
Money back if you don’t soon feel like
new, full of pep, sleep well, with pains
alleviated. Try Cystex today. Only 60c.

r »AV KATHOSOOPR. Pock-
1 ,>t Defector. Rvery-

Y'

body wants it. Sec your host
girl and all she’s doing. No
one knows; you see everything. Periscope operates In all
climated; lasts lifetime; ready for use. Made of hard
rubber. $1.00 cash with order for this wonderful instru-
ment ami 8 astonishing French pictures.

KATHOS CO., P.O. B<* 8302,City HafiPostOffice,NewYorkCity

              [PVor DRUG HABIT
              im let

_ *CURED FOREVER or NO PAY

__Full treatment sent on trial. Can be

_ _ given secretly in privacy of home. Guaranteed

Jf&t'M W ■ banish forever «ll desire for whiskey, gin. wine, home
jft 7-}fW •brew, moonsbioe. opium, morphine, heroio, paregoric and
I «i> ■laudnum. Costa $2.00 if cures, nothing if fails. STANDAKD
tmS0 LABORATORIES Sta.NPas BALTIMORE, MI>.

ASTHMA

Hay fever and chronic
Bronchial coughs yield
immediately ill many
instances to ]>r. John-
son's "Garden Oils.” Sena stamp for particulars.
Dr. Johnson, Beach St., West Haven, Conn.

BIO PAY: SOUTH AMEBIOAN WOKK. AMKK-

iean firms pay fare, expenses. South American
Service Bureau, lt.iiOO Alma, Detroit, Mich.

A Story of Whirhvind Action!
“The Moon Terror”
288

WEIRD TALES

What Do You Want?

Whatever it is we can help you get it. Just
give us the chance by writing for

  “Clouds Dispelled”

Absolutely Free. You will be delighted. Aet
today! Write NOW!!

THE BROTHERHOOD OF LIGHT

Dent. O. Box 1555,	T-os An«re!es, CJalif.

foreign Work!

A Like *o Travel—Dora Romantic, Wealthy
South Amcrica call you? Unusual oppor-
S. 2 -A tunities for young men. American em-
!a > J H. ployers. Faro and expenses furnished.

BIG PAY. Write for Free List.
SSHHf AMERICAN SERVICE 33JREAU
34G9G Aims u«enua Detroit, Michigan

HFUU

 ‘Shirr** on you!’ ’ Are you nervous, embarrassed in cora-
 f pnny of the other sr»xt Stop.beinj? shy of etranffera. Conquer
 ' the terrible/ear of yoar superiors. Bo cheorful and con*

__ tidcnf t;f your future! Yoar faults easily overcome so

 ■you can enjoy life to the fullewt. Send 25c for tht* amazing book.
 RICHARD BLACKSTOftE, B-GOX FLATIRON &LOG., NEW YORK

.TOBACCO

Or Snuff habit!
_______CURKP or No pay a

■	Any form. ciga»,	suuff, pipo. chewing. Full treatment 0
5 on trial. H-irmbss. Costa $1.50 if cured, nothing if it fail*. Over «

■	500,000 treaQEC'la used SUPLRGA CO. ST-17, Baltimore Md. B

INVENTIONS WANTED — PATENTED, UN-

patented. If you have an idea for sale, write
Hartley, Box 928, Bangor, Maine.

  A SUPER-THRILLER—
  “The Moon Terror”

 Highwaymen

(Continued f rom page 192)

the trigger. Ned plunged at the
sharp report, but the white steed
stood nonchalantly, unperturbed. A
little whiff of smoke cleared in the
wind. The specter wiped the back of
a hand across his brow, then leveled
his pistol at Boyle’s head, but re-
frained from firing it. Boyle was an
excellent shot ; he knew, despite his
nervousness, that his bullet had
struck his adversary between the
eyes. He shoved his pistol into his
boot.

  Spectral and cool came the lament-
ing command: "Stand and deliver,
Sire!”

  A hand of white, glaring bones
stretched out, and grasped the little
leathern bag' proffered by Boyle’s
outstretched, quavering palm.

  "Sire, you are at liberty to go: but
quickly, Sire!”

  There was no sound from the white
steed’s quick hoofs as he wheeled and
hurried his ghastly rider away—a
rider who seemed not to stoop before
low-hanging limbs, but who stayed in
his saddle as he rode. Boyle was
alone.

  How long he waited there, trem-
bling, is problematical. Drawing his
pistol, he reloaded it and played nerv-
ously with the hammer. Ned was
still, but a cold sweat covered him.
Boyle looked again toward the trees
that had startled him: they seemed
but trees.

  Then he spoke softly to Ned,
heeled him on, riding gently, his
weapon across his chest.

  Then he laughed harshly, as Ned
swung into a trot, at last free of that
spectral clearing and the things it
had held: "Soft, Ned, good horse!
... I hope Mag’s in tender mood
tonight ... I hope she has some hot
punch on ... in sooth, we can hand
her nothing that jingles tonight, old
horse!”

standard makes—slightly
i and reconstructed — more
mileage per doliar—greatest
savings ever offered. Buy now.

T*rea Tubes

34x4% $3.85 $2.3S
---- 4.25 2.45

2.60
2.7 S
1.60
7.50
2.60
S.7S
2.7*
2.78
Next Month

The

PEOPLE OF PAN

By HENRY S. WHITEHEAD

A strange West Indian tale by
the author of the Jumbee sto-
ries. Gerald Canevin discovers a
weird subterranean people in a
vast cave under the island of Saona
—a people who worship a great,
golden goat-idol and cling to the
Pan-worship of their ancestors — a
strange people who adorn them-
selves with Carib gold, who speak
ancient Greek, and who faithfully
observe the rites of a religion that
was old when Christianity was
bom.

Down an endless ladder into this
archaic Hellenic land went the
American as the waters on the
island ebbed away, and returned to
his own world again. Bat back
there in the great cave of the weird
rites stalked tragedy — complete,
overwhelming, cataclysmic. This
vivid and fascinating story will be
printed complete in the

March issue of

WEIRD TALES

On Sale February 1
Clip and Mail this Coupon Today!

WEIRD TALES,

840 North Michigan Ave.,

Chicago, 111.

Enclosed find $1 for special five months
subscription to "Weird Tales" to begin with
the March issue ($1.25 in Canada). Spe-
cial offer void unless remittance is accom-
panied by coupon.

Name_______________________________________

Address___________________________________

City------------------------State___________

   12 Novels
   for $1 .00

These are copyright novels by well known
writers. Printed on good paper with illus-
trated covers.

Thrilling Mystery Fiction!

Each of these books is an exciting
mystery or detective story. Guaranteed to
hold your interest.

And you get the entire set of twelve
novels for only one dollar! There is no
other charge.

But—you must act immediately! The supply
is limited. Right now, while you think of it.
tear out this advertisement, fill in the coupon
below, and return to us with $1.00 (coin, stamps
or money order). The complete set of twelve
novels will be mailed to you promptly, postage
prepaid.

POPULAR FICTION PUBLISHING CO.,

123 B. Chestnut St., Dept. 49,

Chicago, 111.

I enclose $1.00. Send me the twelve novels,
postage prepaid, at once. This $1.00 is payment
in full.

Name ________________________________________

Address______________________________________

City

State
MIRACLES
OF
SCIENCE

    I

 Beautifully
 bound in rich
 blue cloth
 with attractive
 orange-colored
 jacket.

The Making of Another Moon!

NUMEROUS legends almost as old as
the human race represent that the
earth once had two moons. Have you
ever heard of the Sect of Two Moons? They
were the sorcerers of China and were the
greatest scientists this world had ever pro-
duced. Talk of modern progress—our arts
and sciences, our discoveries and inventions
are child’s play beside the accomplishments of
this race of Chinese devils. Shut away in
that remote interior—in a valley so little
heard of that it is almost mythical—beyond
trackless deserts and the loftiest mountains
on the globe—this terrible sect of sorcerers
has been growing in power for thousands of
years, storing up secret energy that some day
should inundate the world with horrors such
as never had been known.

Crammed With Action

  This novel narrates the sensational attempt
of a group of Chinese scientists to obtain
rulership of the world by a tremendous threat
against the very existence of the earth. The
diabolical methods by which they put their
scheme into execution, the frantic race across
the ocean to circumvent them, the weird and
exciting adventures that befell, make one of
the most gripping and fascinating novels ever
written.

And Other Stories

In addition to this full-length novel, we

are also including in this book three shorter

Btories by well-known authors—thrilling

weird stories that appeared in early issues of
Weird Tales:

OOZE, by Anthony M. Rud, tells of a
biologist who removed the growth limitations
from an amoeba, and the amazing catastrophe
that ensued.

PENELOPE, by Vincent Starrett, is a fas-
cinating tale of the star Penelope, and the
fantastic thing that happened when the star
was in perihelion.

AN ADVENTURE IN THE FOURTH
DIMENSION, by Farnsworth Wright, is an
uproarious skit on the four-dimensional
theories of the mathematicians, and inter-
planetary stories in general.

A Superb Book

Order your copy today! You will enjoy reading
this book.

If your bookdealer doesn’t carry this book in
stock, have him order it for you, or, mail the
coupon to us and we will send the book direct
to you postage prepaid.

I Weird Tales, Book Dept., M-12,

840 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, Illinois.

I Enclosed find $1.50 for cloth-bound copy of
THE MOON TERROR.

 I

| Name---------------------------------

| Address___________________________

| City________________________State-----------