    Ray Cummings —1 Charlton L. Edholm <^Wilford Allen
    Eli Colter •—'Victor Rousseau’ Henry S. Whitehead
Wonder-T ales

STORIES that thrill the reader; shuddery tales that send the chills up
the spine; shivery stories of eldritch monsters; tales of tremendous
dooms rushing upon the earth from outer Space; bizarre and fantastic tales;
weird-scientific stories of the spaces between the worlds—truly in no other
magazine are found such fascinating stories. The amazing success of WEIRD
TALES has been built on tales such as these, masterpieces of imaginative
writing that take the reader out of the humdrum environment of everyday
life into a delightful land of fancy. Among the many thrilling stories in
the next few issues will be:

GRAY GHOULS, by Bassett Morgan

        A startling, thrilling story of brain-transplantation—a creepy weird tale
        of the South Seas—giant apes and eery murders—and the love of a
        native girl for a white man.

THE CURSE OF EVERARD MAUNDY, by Seabury Quinn

        An eldritch tale of voodoo, re-animated corpses, and the Intrepid little
        French ghost-breaker, Jules de Grandin—based on the legend of Lilith, the
        mythical first wife of Adam.

FLY ISLAND, by B. Wallis

        Gigantic insects flashed through the air and stung to death all men or
        animals that approached their lair—a tale of terrifying adventures in the
        jungles of a Pacific island.

THE DEAD WAGON, by Greye La Spina

        A short but powerful tale of the curse that took the first-born son in
        each generation of Lord Mel verson’s family—a ghost-tale of shuddery
        horror.

THE MOON MENACE, by Edmond Hamilton

        A terrifying prospect faced a darkened world—man gone forever, a lightless
        earth spinning blindly through the heavens, and the moon men its masters
        from pole to pole.

SATAN’S FIDDLE, by George Malcolm-Smith

       An unusual tale of the cataclysmic power of music—the death chord—and
       hideous dissonances that can bring a great building crashing into ruins.

THE BRIDE OF OSIRIS, by Otis Adelbert Kline

       A present-day Egyptian serial story of uncanny adventures and weird
       thrills, set in a bizarre subterranean city under Chicago.

THESE are but a few of the many super-excellent stories in store for
the readers of WEIRD TALES. To make sure of getting your copy each
month, and thus avoid the embarrassment of finding your favorite news stand
sold out, just fill out the coupon below and let us send it right to your home.
That’s the safest way.

WEIRD TAXES,

450 E. Ohio St.,

Chicago, 111.

Enclosed find $2.50 for 1 year’s subscription to "Weird Tales," to begin with

the July issue. ($3.00 in Canada.)

Name
faring Young Men

Needed in Aviation

'HERE is rtb field of work in the world today which
offers such amazing opportunities to young men
of daring and who love adventure as does Avia-
n. Although still in its infancy, there is a crying
mand in Aviation for young men
th courage, nerve and self-rcliance.
r those who can qualify there will
thousands of highly paid jobs which
I lead quickly and surely to advance-
nt and success.

lig Opportunities Await
The Trained Man

iok over the fields of work which are
en to the young man today. You will
d that Aviation is the ONE FIELD
it is not overcrowded—the ONE
ELD in which there is plenty of room
the top. Think of it! Only 21 years
o Orville and Wilbur Wright made the
>rld’s first airplane .flight. Now air-
ines fly around the world. Yes, Avia-
>n offers the same wonderful opportu-
;ies today that the automobile and
)tion picture industries did 15 and 20 years
o. Men who got in on the ground floor of
ose industries made fortunes before others woke
.. AVIATION IS NEW! It clamors for nervy
■ung men—and the trained man has the world
fore him in Aviation.

Easy to Become an Aviation
Expert

>u can qualify now quickly for one of these excit-
; highly paid jobs through a new, sure, easy method
training. The study of Aviation is almost as in-
vesting as the work itself. Every lesson is
scinating and packed full of interest. That’s why
riation is so easy to learn—you don’t have to

PICK     YOUR       
       JOB!         
Airplane Instructor 
Airplane Engineer   
Airplane Kepairman  
Airplane Assembler  
Airplane Mechani-   
  cian              
Airplane Inspector  
Airplane Builder    
Airplane Salesman   
Exhibition Manager  
Airplane Contractor 
Airplane Motor Ex-  
Designer   
           
force yourself to study—once you start, you can’t

get enough of it. Only one hour of spare time

a day will give you the basic training in an

amazingly short time.

One student, S. F. McNaughton. Chicago, says:
‘‘Your lessons are like a romance, and what is more,
after one reading, the student Rets a thorough under-
standing. One never tires or reading them." James
Powers. Pa., another student says: "I am indeed sur-
prised that such a valuable course can be had from
such practical men for so little cost."

Personal Instruction by
Experienced Men

Men who have had actual experience in
Aviation give you personal attention and
guide you carefully through your train-
ing. They select the lessons, lectures,
blueprints and bulletins. They tell you
the things that are essential to your
success. Every lesson is easy to read
and quickly understood.

Big Book on Aviation FREE

Send coupon below for New Free Book. just. out. "Op-
portunities in the Airplane Industry." It Is interest-
ing and Instructive and will show you many
.things about Aviation which you never knew
before. Only a limited number offered —
_ get yours before the edition is exhausted.

American School of Aviation

            Dept. 245-A
3601 Michigan Ave.. Chicago. 111.

f AMERICAN SCHOOL OF AVIATION.

Kindly mention this magazine when answering advertisements
          Published monthly by the Popular Fiction Publishing Company, 2457 E. Wash-
      ington Street, Indianapolis, Ind. Entered as second-class matter March 20. 1923, at
      the post office at Indianapolis, Ind.. under the act of March 3, 1879. Single copies, 25
      cents. Subscription. $2.50 a year in the United States: $3.00 a year in Canada. English
      office: G. M. Jeffries Agency, Hopefield House, Hanweil, London, W. 7. The publishers
      are not responsible for the loss of unsolicited manuscripts, although every care will be
      taken of such material while in their possession. The contents of this magazine are
      fully protected by copyright and must not be reproduced either wholly or in part without
      permission from the publishers.

          NOTE—All manuscripts and communications should be addressed to the publishers'
      Chicago office at 450 East Ohio Street, Chicago, 111. FARNSWORTH WRIGHT, Editor.

Copyright. 1927. by the Popular Fiction Publishing Company

Contents for June, 1927

Cover Design_____________________________________C. C. Senf

            Illustrating a scene in “A Suitor From the Shades”

A Suitor From the Shades_________________Greye La Spina 726

            A human, touching ghost-story about a lover who returned from
            the grave to blight his sweetheart's happiness

The Dark Chrysalis (Part 1)___________________Eli Colter 747

            Here we have, at last, the epic of the microbe-hunters—a three-
            part scientific thrill-tale about cancer

The Fourth Dimension_____________________Charles Ford 767

            Strange was Ripley’s experience when his racing canoe turned
            over—a five-minute ghost-story

The Arctic Death_________________________Wilford Allen 769

            Out of the North it came, that dread death that touched every
            living thing with a killing cold

(Continued on Next Page)

 722

COPYRIGHTED IN GREAT BRITAIN
  (Continued from Preceding Page)

Fog-Faces_______________________________Robert S. Carr 780

      Verse

Out of the Grave_______________________Eldridge Morton 781

      Dr. Rocusek had a weird plan to thwart his rival, but underwent
      an experience of stark terror in consequence

The Left Eye-----------------------Henry S. Whitehead 789

      A powerful story of crime and retribution—a tale of immense
      spiders wnd a gruesome murder

The Man Who Was Damned___Charlton Lawrence Edholm 801

      Vulture of Vulture’s Rock, Geier von Geierstein suffered eery
      torments from the man he had murdered

The Choking of Allison Grey____________________Guy Pain 805

      No ichite man was suffered to look upon the God of Windvna and
      live, for the Mandingo people considered this a sacrilege

Explorers Into Infinity (Conclusion)_______Ray Cummings 813

' , A three-part weird-scientific serial about a madcap adventure
      and a voyage through space—and what a voyageI

Ghost Lore-----------------------------Gertrude Wright 824

      Verse

The Dream That Came True______________Victor Rousseau 825

       The tenth in a series of stories, each complete in itself, dealing
       with Dr. Ivan Brodsky, “The Surgeon of Souls”

Advice-------------------------Frank Belknap Long, Jr. 831

      Verse

The Land of Creeping Death____________Edna Bell Seward 832

      A tale of icild and desperate adventures among a race of head-
      hunting savages in India

Sorcery Past and Present________Marguerite Lynch Addis 840

      Cagliostro, St. Germain, Murrell and other famous sorcerers
      are depicted in this enlightening article

Weird Story Reprint
The Song of Triumphant Love__________Ivan Turgenieff 844

      The exotic mystery of the Orient breathes through this eery tale
      of Italy of the Middle Ages

The Eyrie -------------------------------------------- 857

      A chat with the readers

            For Advertising Rates in YTEIKO TALKS Apply Direct to

WEIRD TALES

Western Advertising Office:	Eastern Advertising Office:

       WEIRD TALES	GEORGE W. STEARNS, Mgr.

450 E. Ohio Street	Flatiron Building

      Chicago, HI,	New York, N. T.

Phone, Superior 5556	Phone, Ashland 7329

723
Liam

.Advertising

This FREE Book ^

•tells the wHole story

AT
HOME

Let Us Help
You to a Handsome Salary

and eventually into a big paying highly respected business of your own. Advertising is
easy to learn—it isn t like law, or medicine or engineering. No long formulas to meraor-
no heavy mathematics to wade through. Every principle of Advertising may be
learned in your own home. I! you are employed you can go right on with your present
job wbue preparing for a bigger, better future.

Ordinary, Common School Education la
All You Meed to Master Advertising

the highest paid and most pleasant of all profession*. Our new book “Increased Salaries
and Promotion is full of helpful ideas, it tells you exactly how to get into this wonder-
ful work. Send for it today. Remember this is a school that guarantees

Satisfaction or Money Back

A Position Like
One of These
Awaits You

Many of them pay
$5,000 to $25,000
a Year

        In a few short months you can qualify
        for practically any kina of advertising
        work. Our plan of training is so direct
        --so easily understood and put into'
        practice that progress is extremely rapid
        —even though you can give but part of
        your time to the Course which covers
        every phase of advertising. You cao
        choose your job as—

ADVERTISING MANAGER
MAIL ORDER SPECIALIST
LAYOUT MAN
AGENCY EXECUTIVE
DIRECT-BY-MAIL MAN
PUBLICITY DIRECTOR
PRODUCTION MANAGER
All With Good Pay

You want one off
^ these Jobs—ACT*

We have been training men and women in advertising for
more than thirty years. Our host of successful graduates
proves the soundness of our methods. All we ask is tho
privilege of placing all the facts before you. The rest is entire*
ly up to you. Send lor this great book today—FREE.

PACE-DAVIS SCHOOL OP ADVERTISINO
Bept. 245A SMI S. Michigan Ave., Chicago

The Real Bi£ Money Coupon !

Z PAGE DAV1S SCHOOL OF ADVERTISING

■ Dept* 245A 3*01 S. Michigan Ave., Chicago, U.S.A.

Bj Gentlemen: Please send me your Book which tells how I can qualify

■ for a big pay position in Advertising. Also tell me all about your
Money Back Guarantee. Of course, I assume no obligation in asking
m for your Book and this information*

 PACE-DAVIS

  SCHOOL <y ADVERTISING'

 St. Mo. or R. F. D.

at;

 State

Kindly mention this magazine when answering advertisements
The Man Who is
Astounding’
America!

Wliat is the mysterious power wielded by this man
—a power he also shows others how to use? What
is this new method which has started thousands of
despairing persons on the road to health, happiness
and prosperity?

THOUSANDS upon thousands have been
turned away from the great theaters and
auditoriums in Chicago, New York, San Fran-
cisco, Seattle, Denver, Boston, and practically
every great city in America where Dr. Bush
has been lecturing! These vast halls could
not accommodate half of those who heard of
his wonderful powers and had heard how he
disclosed the secret of his powers to others!

 Those who were ill had been shown how to
become well and strong by a method to which
other mental science movements were as the
first step in a mammoth, far-reaching stairway.

  The worried and the nervous had been shown how
to rise above their mental and nervous troubles in a
single evening and how to attack and solve their
problems with a keener mind unhampered by despair.

An Astounding New Power

  But that wasn’t all. Lone before the lectures were
over the reports began to come in showing how

                              quickly his audi-
                              ences had been
                              taught to use a new.

    Partial List *f Contents
  Psycho-Analysis and the
  Subconscious
  How to Have Amazing
  Memory
  How to Destroy Fear—
  Man’s Worst Enemy—
  The Unseen World
  What Is love and How to
  Keep It
  How to Be Popular
  How to Overcome Failure
  and Adverse Environment
  How to Be Beautiful
  Through Mysterious Force
  Vibration — How to Win
  Success
  How to Develop Personality
  How to Conquer Illness
  Poverty a Disease—How to
  Overcome It
  How to Double Your Effl-
  ciency

  Visualization—How to Make
  Your Dreams Come True
  The Mastery of Fate
  How to Use Suggestion for
  Health, Success and Hap-
  piness

  The Greatest law in the
  Universe, Just Lately DIs-
  i covered, and How to Use
  It

  What the World Owe® Yon
  and How to Get It
  After This Life Wliat?—
  What Is God?

  Smile, Smile, Smile
  Psychology of Health —
  Building the Body Beau-
  tiful

Long Life and Full of Pep

 wonderful power
 that brought MA-
 TERIAL rewards.

   “By your method
 of visualization I
 secured the funds
 to build my home,”
 writes one of Dr.
 Bush’s Chicago list-
 eners. Mrs. Mary
 Roberts of Denver
 writes, “My salary
 was increased 40%
 in one week by fol-
 lowing your psy-
 chological method—
 and my powers of
 salesmanship were
 DOUBLED.” “TEN
 Thousand Dollars
 would not pay for
 the benefits I have
 received,” James C.
 Smith of Somerville,
 Mass., writes him.
 Another says: “I
 was making no
 money, my health
 was bad and I was
 heavily in debt.
 Now I have a store
 of my own and am
 doing a good busi-
 ness. My family
 and myself enjoy
 the best of health.”
 A man who learned
 of this power in
 Pittsburgh—he had
 never earned more
 than $25 per week
 —stepped out the

David V. Bush

America’s Foremost
Author-Lecturer on
Practical Psychology

first month and made over $1,000. Dr. Bush has
thousands of letters like these. They are his proud-
est possessions.

 His Teachings Now in Book Form

  In order to help an even greater number of people.
Dr. Bush has incox-porated his lectures in an absorb-
ingly interesting book, “Applied Psychology and
Scientific Living,” which will be sent, on FREE
TRIAL, to any earnest seeker after knowledge.
Luther Burbank said, "Applied Psychology appears
to me the most practical and useful work which has
been published on these and similar subjects."

When You Need This Book

  Are you nervous or depressed? Do you feel old? Have you
lost your grip? Have you a worrying disposition? Have you a
personality that fails to attract others? Are you timid? Are you
misunderstood? Do others seem inclined to give you alwaya
the worst of everything? Do you lack the aggressiveness nec-
essary to bring you position and power? Are you in ill health?
Have you any chronic disease? Is anyone in your family or
among your friends so afTected? Are your children wilful and
disobedient ?

Examine It Free!

  But no description can begin to give you even an idea of the
startling truths explained and proved in this wonderful 540-
page book. The very first page will be a revelation to you just
as Dr. Bush's lectures have been a revelation to keen thinking,
analytical minds in every city. One enthusiast says: "It can be
understood by everyone. And if everyone would read it and then
use this new force, humanity would advance 5,000 years over-
night."

  But you will be the sole judge of this wonderful value. Mail
the coupon. This remarkable book will be sent at once. Read
it for 5 days. Practice this new force yourself. At the end
of that time if you find it the most inspiring, the most valu-
able means to obtain health, wealth and happiness send us only
$3.50 which, as you will realize, pays only for the cost of
printing, advertising and distributing the 540-page book.
Otherwise return the book itself within 5 days and you will not
owe a penny. But begin to enjoy the benefit of this new force
at once. Mail the coupon today. DAVID V. BUSH, Publisher.
Dept. 1 136, 225 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago. III.

rr>AVID V. BUSH, Publisher, Dept. 1136 --1

| 235 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, HI.

I Please send me a copy of "Applied Psychology and Sclcn-	,

tific Living” for approval. I agree to remit $3.50 or re-	|
| mail the book in fire days.

| Name __________________________________________j

I Address ______________________________________________________________t

I	1

I City_________________________ State______________ I

(Remittance from Foreign countries and V. 8. possessions ’
must aeeompanu all orders)

Kindly mention this magazine when answering advertisements
  cA Suitor from fa Shades

l!	Greye la, Spinas

—zfHlih/i*1	.. A-l	; i :\	, } • I I

 it-

c

I HECK!" Father Rooney
chuckled deep in his throat,
and lifted his hand i'rom the
knight that had just made an unex-
pected foray among his opponent’s
pieces.

  The old doctor leaned over the
board to study the situation carefully.
"It does look as though you had me,"
he admitted unwillingly. "Well, next
time you may not have such good
luck.”

   "Luck?" queried the priest softly,
a whimsical smile curving his lips.

   "Poor papa! You are always beat-
ing him, Father," reproached a soft
voice from the other end of the room.

   The floor lamp illuminated a nar-
row circle about the chess players and
but dimly disclosed a little figure that
pressed against the curtain at the
open window as though to escape ob-
servation from without as well as
726

“No—no—*10!” she screamed, and sank back
unconscious into the arms of her father.

 from within. Against the wall behind

 her the polished surface of a pair of
 crutches caught the light in long lines.
 It was characteristic of Clare that she
 should put unpleasant things behind
 her.

   The face she turned occasionally to-
 ward the chess players disclosed sin-
 gular beauty, even in the softly dif-
 fused light of the big lamp. One saw
 dark, sensitive eyes and felt the ten-
 derness of the habitual gentle smile
 that made her expression so attrac-
 tive. Her low forehead was shaded
 by light brown hair that fell over her
 small ears and was knotted loosely at
 the nape of a slender neck. But
 Clare’s real beauty lay in the spirit-
 uality that beamed from her eyes.

   There was a brilliant moon. Clare,
 gazing out into the garden, thought
 she had never seen it as strange as it
 seemed that night. It was a mysteri-
 ous dreamland, not the garden she
 knew. It was full of unexpected
 patches of light that changed shape
 imperceptibly as the moon swam up-
A SUITOR FROM THE SHADES

727

ward across the sky, and against
these light spots, outlining them ab-
ruptly, were massively upreared
structures of ebony-black shadow.
The garden she thought she knew so
well was like an unknown, entirely
new country and one that, oddly
enough, seemed to hold a dark threat
in those ominous shadows that crept
upon and engulfed the moonlit spots
that relieved its blackness.

  A slow shudder crept over the
slight figure of the lame girl, who
leaned back instinctively against the
curtain and toward the soft and
homely light of the tall lamp beneath
which sat her father and his old
friend at their game of chess. Still
her gaze was held by the garden in
its new aspect.

  Out of the black shadows a figure'
advanced into a moonlit space, and
like some goddess of the night lifted
slim arms to her sister queen floating
in her cloud chariot overhead.. Out
upon the hush of the night floated the
rich notes Clare so adored. "Ah,”
she murmured with a kind of relief
in her voice, "Margaret is going to
sing. ’ ’

  The song was Ned Wentworth’s
Ode to the Queen of Night. It was
the favorite lyric in Ned’s last mu-
sical comedy, then crowding one of
New York’s best theaters night after
night, incidentally filling Ned’s pock-
ets with gold. Clare closed her eyes
that the velvet tones might have their
full effect upon her entranced senses.

  At the other end of the room, the
chess players stopped their game to
listen, the chess board carefully bal-
anced across their old knees. Father
Rooney characteristically lifted his
kindly eyes heavenward, although his
physical gaze was limited by the low
ceiling; the old doctor’s eyes went
straight to the great portrait that
hung over the divan, the portrait of
his dead wife.

  For Clare the evil spell lying upon
the garden was broken. The strange

enchantment with its vague threat
passed away at the thrill of that dear
voice. As the tones died away on a
lingering high note, she turned her
face upon her sister and opened her
eyes. Margaret was apparently all
alone in the still night and the lonely;
garden. The chess players had re-
sumed their game; the lame girl could
hear their occasional low murmurs.

 "Where can Ned be?” she ques-
tioned as she gazed.

  Ned Wentworth had been standing
in the black shadow of a great walnut
tree, watching the throbbing of Mar-
garet’s full throat as her rich notes
poured out their benediction upon the
still night air. His heart expanded
so painfully that it seemed it must
burst; her beauty actually hurt him.
He looked hungrily at the great coils
of heavy auburn hair, gleaming with
gold under the magical light of the
autumn moon; he saw as if for the
first time the healthy pallor of her
clear skin thrown into relief as she
lifted her face upward in her invoca-
tion to the Queen of Night; he fol-
lowed the line of the fine throat that
swept into and was absorbed by the
noble curve of her bust; and he
clenched his fists with his effort to
control himself—he felt that he could
no longer refrain from telling her how
madly lie loved her.

  He stepped impulsively toward her
as the last gorgeous notes quivered
upon the cool silence and died softly
away. She paused, hands still out-
stretched as she had stood while sing-
ing, lost in the maze of emotion that
had suddenly swept over her at Ned’s
impulsive movement. Rich scarlet
began to mount in her cheeks until
they blazed hotly under the tranquil
light of the cold Lady of Night. Into
the broad sweep of moonlight beside
her stepped her lover, his gray eyes
almost black with the intensity of his
feeling; he did not speak, nor did she.
It appeared to them that they had
■728

WEIRD TALES

 both been waiting for this very mo-
 ment all their lives.

    Margaret was quite motionless, her
 . head very high, dark eyes on his
 face steadily, gravely, as if the
 wonder and richness of her emotion
 were too great to be carried off lightly.
 Ned took another step forward, a
 movement that brought her still out-
 stretched arms to his shoulders, upon
 which her light palms dropped ten-
 derly.

   “Margie! Then it is true? You
 love me?”

    He swept her into his embrace; her
 arms met about his neck and he felt
 her hands caressing his hair. Sudden
 self-consciousness fell upon them
 and they drew back into the shade
 of the walnut lest they be observed
 from the house.

2

 With such careless haste that the
 chessmen were tossed hither and
 thither, Father Rooney sprang from
 his chair and across the room.

  . ‘“What ails our little girl?” cried
  the old priest, deeply disturbed.

    Dr. Sloane got out of his chair with
  more difficulty; sciatica had made a
  semi-invalid of him for months. He
  joined the other man who leaned over
  Clare. The blond head lay on out-
  stretched arms across the window-sill.
  So motionless was she that for a ter-
  rible moment her father felt the
  clutching fear which his love for the
  daughter so like his dead wife made
  more terrible.

   The priest held a listening ear
 against the gii'l’s side. “She lives,
 old friend. Her’heart is beating—but
 sluggishly. Let me carry her to the
 divan, where she will be more com-
 fortable. It is only a fainting spell. ’ ’
 Father Rooney knew well the name
 of the fear that was lifting a grisly
 head in his friend’s breast, and his
 heart ached for the old doctor, who
 followed him haltingly and painfully
 as he carried the limp little form

across the room and disposed it on the
broad divan. Sitting beside her, the
priest began to stroke Clare’s hands
softly, while her father held a bottle
of salts under her nose.

  The lame girl stirred feebly. Then
suddenly she broke out into hysterical
sobbing, so heart-racking and so piti-
ful that tears rose to the eyes of the
old priest who had seen so much,
heard so much, of human suffering,
that one felt he must have grown
hardened by it. Now, however, he sat
stroking a limp, cold hand, and hot
tears slowly formed in his eyes and
dropped upon it.

  He loved Clare as though she had
been his own child. Hers was a rare
soul that knew and appreciated the
lofty truths in his church just as she
recognized and loved the same un-
changeable truths that, formed the
foundation of the faith of her fathers.
For so young a girl (she was only
nineteen) Clare possessed a lucidity
of thought and a fairness of judg-
ment that made her especially inter-
esting to the good priest, who secretly
believed her one of God’s favored
souls.

  “She has never been like this be-
fore,” worried Dr. Sloane, wrinkled
brow troubled. “Clare, dear! Clare!
It’s Dad calling you, dear. Clare!”

  The girl’s sobbing increased in in-
tensity. Her body began to writhe on
the divan as if in sharp agony. The
priest in Father Rooney lifted an at-
tentive ear to the undertones of this
sobbing that somehow fell strangely
upon that clerical ear; he felt intui-
tively that here was a matter of soul
trouble, not a mere hysterical weak-
ness on Clare’s part, and he was
deeply disturbed.

  Suddenly he looked up sharply and
threw a searching glance about the
room. His eye met that of Dr. Sloane,
who had also looked about quickly.

  “I would have sworn that there
was someone else in. the room just
now,” said the doctor in a puzzled
A SUITOR FROM THE SHADES

729

tone, as he met his friend’s gaze.
“Didn’t you feel it, yourself?”

  The expression of the priest’s face
was troubled. “A very unpleasant
someone, if you care for my opinion, ’ ’
he declared dryly. ‘ ‘ I presume it was
the effect on us of our poor little
Clare’s hysterics,” he offered, but
without conclusiveness.

  Clare had become quiet and lay
very still. At last her dark eyes
opened heavily and she searched the
solicitous faces of the two men con-
tritely. * ‘ Sorry I made such a fuss, ’ ’
she murmured. “It wasn’t like me,
was it? I—I don’t know what hap-
pened to me. It—it wasn’t like a
heart attack. It was as if something
from outside had robbed me of all my
strength, in an unguarded moment.”
She paused, her lips parted as if to
say more, then closed firmly.

  Father Rooney’s brow wrinkled
ever so slightly; a half-puzzled ex-
pression, that had rested on his face
a moment past,, returned. He looked
gravely at the delicate beauty of the
face on the divan cushion. Her last
words—and her silence—had dis-
turbed him far more than he cared
to admit to himself; for some strange
reason they seemed ominous. It was
with an effort that he threw off his
depression to meet the two radiant
faces that now looked in at the door.

  “Father, Ned and I- What’s

the matter? Is anything the matter
with Clare?” Margaret sprang from
the encircling arm of her lover to
kneel at the side of the divan. The
shadow that always lay, though ever
so lightly, upon her younger sister,
was a dread shadow and its gloom
now drew fringes of trailing darkness
across the bliss of her new happiness.

  “It’s quite nothing, Margie dar-
ling. Don’t be frightened. Anyway,
I’m all right now,” Clare hastened to
reassure her.

  Then with characteristic self-for-
getfulness—and none but the wise old
priest knew how generous was her

spirit at that moment—Clare put out
her hand to Ned.

  “You and Margie—love each other?
How beautiful! Forgive me if I cry.
I’m just glad you’re both so happy.”
She turned her face against the pil-
low and began to cry softly. So dif-
ferent was it from her previous hys-
terical weeping that the priest drew a
small, half-smothered sigh of relief.
He rose, touching with kindly bene-
diction the soft haix*.

  “Good night, Clare. Good night,
all. I must be on my way.”

  ‘ ‘ But you haven’t congratulated us
yet,” interrupted Margaret, spi'ing-
ing to her feet and turning a beam-
ing face upon him.

  “May heaven send you its richest
blessings, my daughter,” he told her
gravely. “And you, too, Mr. Went-
worth.” His hand went out to Ned
in a hearty handshake.

  Dr. Sloane had sunk into a near-by
armchair, reminded painfully of his
sciatica by twinges that doubled him
up after his recent exertions. He
waved one hand at the departing
cleric.

  “I really need a hankie,” apolo-
gized Clare comically from the depths
of her cushion. Ned whipped out one
and tried to dry her eyes in big-
brotherly fashion. “I can do it bet-
ter,” she said.

  Ned suddenly threw a quick glance
at the door. “Did someone come
in?” he asked the doctor.

  “No one.”

  “That’s strange. I felt someone
looking at me from the doorway.”
“Ned, you’re dreaming tonight,”
Margaret rallied him, laughing. “He
felt eyes on him while we were in the
garden. ’ ’

  “Then they must have been mine,”
Clare said, sitting up. * ‘ I was watch-
ing Margaret while she sang.”

  Ned and Margaret exchanged
glances; both colored and laughed,
but Clare’s pale face remained impas-
sive. They exchanged glances again;
730

WEIRD TALES

Clare could not have seen that first
rapture of their love, after all.

3

It was nearly midnight when the
sisters finally retired to the room
they shared together. There had
been a bottle of old port opened that
the healths of the young pair might
be toasted. And it seemed that the
hours had only been minutes, to Mar-
garet.

  “Clare darling, I’ve kept you up
awfully late tonight, ’ ’ she apologized
with compunction, turning a flushed,
happy face to her sister. "You should
have been in bed ages ago. ”

  "This is a special night, Margie."
"Wasn’t it magnificent?’’ Margar-
et’s voice dropped into an almost sol-
emn key as she stopped brushing out
her wonderful auburn hair. “It
seemed to — us — that there had
never been such a night before. ’ ’

  “I thought much the same.. But,
Margie, did it seem to you—don’t tell
me I’m imagining things, please—
did it seem to you that there was
something strange, something almost
awful, about the beauty of the garden
tonight? I was really afraid of it,
and I have never felt that way be-
fore. But tonight it actually seemed
that there was a presence abroad, a
presence that boded no good to some-
one."

 Margaret, her smooth forehead
wrinkled, whirled about suddenly to
face her sister.

 “That’s odd," she commented
bruskly. ‘ ‘ Ned complained of the very
same feeling. He declared that he
felt jealous, envious eyes upon him.”
Clare tumbled over into bed and
turned her face from her sister. She
slipped something under her pillow
as she did so—it was Ned’s handker-
chief. In a smothered voice she said.
“Margie! That' was not a heart at-
tack I had this evening.”

‘ ‘ Clare dear, you are dreaming. If

it wasn’t a heart attack, what was
it?”

  “That is just what I would give
worlds to know,” answered the other
girl earnestly. “Margie, there was
something strange in our garden to-
night, something no one could see—
but it was there, nevertheless. And
—I know what it was! Oh, don’t
turn out the light, Margie! I just
can’t sleep in the dark tonight.”

  Such unusual timidity on Clare’s
part made Margaret look at her sister
searchingly. Then she sat on the
edge of the bed and began to smooth
the brown hair gently.

  “And what was it you saw in the
garden?” she inquired, with a touch
of light humor in her tone.

  “I didn’t see. I just felt. But
something took all my strength out
of me suddenly. It was as if some-
thing else had clothed itself with my
body, only my body didn’t go with it
into the garden; it stayed inside.
But I knew — I know — all that
that Other saw and did.”	;

  ‘ ‘ Dearest, you are overwrought and
tired. This glorious night has thrown
a spell over you and it has been too
much for your tired little head.” ■
“Margie!” Clare drew herself up,
to a sitting posture. “Do you re-
member Clifford Bentley ? ’ ’ There
was so much significance in her tone
that the older girl gave her an
amazed look as she replied affirma-
tively.

  “Margie, Clifford Bentley was in
the garden tonight, spying on you
and Ned.”

  For a moment Margaret regarded
her sister with a kind of terror; then
she broke into a soft laugh.

  “Oh, come now, Clare, that is too
much to ask me to believe. Clifford
Bentley has been dead many years,
quite too dead, poor boy, to come
wandering about our garden.”

  “But he was there,” persisted
Clare stubbornly. “I tell you, Mar-
gie, I felt him there. Please don’t
A SUITOR FROM THE SHADES

731

laugh. I am quite serious.. Oh, why
can’t you understand? Don’t you
remember his last words to you?”

  Margaret’s face paled under the
warm color and she stared wide-eyed
at her sister.

  ‘ ‘ I remember—I was to remain
true to him until death joined us; and
if 1 did not—but Clare! How ab-
surd! He a mere boy of fifteen and
I an infant of eleven! It is so ridicu-
lous that I can't help laughing, dear-
est. ’ ’

  ’“It isn’t ridiculous,” protested
Clare unhappily but positively. 4 ‘ Be-
cause he may be able to cause trouble
between you and Ned yet. You
know, Margie, you owe your life to
Clifford—and if it had not been for
you, he would he alive and well
now.”

  .“Clare, you are positively idiotic
tonight! I must insist that you go
to sleep and get rid of your morbid
thoughts. Why should you try to
spoil my wonderful night, the most
beautiful of my life?”

TV/Targaret withdrew pettishly, and
-L’L a few minutes afterward Clare
heard her tucking herself into her
own bed, that stood on the other side
of their common reading stand.
Slowly the lame girl slipped down
into her bed again, but her eyes did
not close. Still, she was not looking
at the picture which she stared at;
she was looking back across the years
to the time when Margaret was eleven
and she was nine—and Clifford Bent-
ley fifteen.

  It was a boy-and-girl. love affair
—precocious, to be sure. Clifford
adored the little tomboy with her mop
of brilliant hair and her impulsive-
ness and her enchanting ways. She
had let him put his seal ring upon
her “engagement” finger, in return
for his promise to give her a ride
on his iceboat. That had been a won-
derful sport! Then the tragic mo-
ment came when the thin ice broke

under a too-sudden turn of the skele-
ton craft, and botli children had been
thrown into the icy water by the
shock. It was Clifford who first came
to the surface; it was he who dived
and groped under the ice for Mar-
garet, who brought her unconscious
to the surface.

  When rescue came, the boy’s coat
was wrapped about the girl's shiver-
ing form. Both children had had
pneumonia from the exposure, but it
was Clifford who had not survived it.
His last words to his mother had been
for Margaret: ‘ ‘ Tell her I expect her
to be true to me until death joins us.
If she is not true, I shall come back
to remind her of her promise.”

  Clare, reviewing the pathetic and
tragic little story, felt deep sympathy
for Clifford, Clifford who had given
his life for Margaret and was now
forgotten. She, too, would gladly
have done the same. She lay very
quiet, although she did not sleep..

  As she heard the library clock
chime the hours once, twice, she sud-
denly moved the handkerchief and
pressed it against her lips. As she
did it she breathed out a prayer for
Ned Wentworth and his happiness.
Then with a little sigh, she slipped
softly off to sleep.

4

Ned wentworth could not sleep.
He filled his pipe and settled
down before the hearth where glowed
the urbanite’s humble apology for a
wood-fire, a gas log. He had felt it
impossible to write while he was fresh
from the sweet influence of Mar-
garet’s presence; he wanted to think
over his happiness. Also, he wanted
to think over another thing—an in-
tuition he had had of a something
sinister hovering near while he had
been in the garden with Margaret.

  Exactly as he had told his sweet-
heart, he had felt burning, envious,
malignant eyes fixed upon him from
732

WEIRD TALES

the black shadows of the garden.
Even when lie had taken Margaret
into the lighted room, he had felt this
entity near at hand. Who could it
be that was trying to penetrate his
objective consciousness so strangely?
Who could be so bitter against the
man who had won Margaret’s love,
except some rival? He entertained
not the slightest doubt that it was an
unsuccessful rival whose bitter envy
he had felt. But who?

  He remembered distinctly that in
the moment Margaret had finished
her song, turning to him with all her
soul in her eyes, he had felt as though
someone stood between them, some-
one about whose person he must
pass to reach her. Who could this
individual be who was interested in
separating two young people so emi-
nently suited to each other? Ned
simply could not understand the sit-
uation, yet felt that it was a tangible
situation. The fact that this un-
known person was strong enough to
make his unseen presence strongly
felt was sufficient to give thought to
the young lover. But an invisible
rival could not long occupy Ned’s
thoughts to the exclusion of pleas-
anter things. He mused and smoked
while the hours fled.

  The clock struck one. Simultane-
ously, Ned Wentworth sprang, as if
catapulted, out of his chair, and
whirled around to face the door, in
full expectancy of seeing a stranger
there. The doorway was vacant; it
framed nothing but empty air.. The
young man’s eye roved the apartment
with keen scrutiny. There was noth-
ing more suspicious than a tall screen
that served to hide his writing desk
from the rest of the room. Upon this
screen Ned’s glance finally rested
with curious intentness. Then he
shook himself impatiently and again
sat down before the hearth. The im-
pression of a strange presence was so
strong, however, that he was induced

to move his chair so that he faced
the screen.

 For fully five minutes he sat
motionless, smoking. Then he rose,
went directly to the screen, whirled
it aside and looked behind it. No-
body there. Furious at himself for
entertaining the thought of a discar-
nate personality, he yet found him-
self considering it; he was actually
angry because he had given the un-
known the satisfaction of seeing him
look behind the screen. When he re-
turned to his place before the hearth,
he deliberately turned his chair so
that the screen was behind him.

  He refilled his pipe and touched a
match to it nonchalantly. Stealing in-
sidiously into his mind came thoughts
of the girl who sang his Ode to the
Queen of Night at the performances
in the Bedford Theater. She was
slight and graceful, lacking Mar-
garet’s robust, fearless poise; dainty
and petite, while Margaret was almost
too heavy to be graceful; she was
charmingly pretty and knew just
how to make herself fascinating,
while Margaret made not the slight-
est pretext at using beauty aids,
such as rouge, which with her dead-
white skin would be so attractive.
Beatrice Randall knew how to charm
and faseinate a man, Ned reflected
with a slow smile; Margaret, unfor-
tunately, was entirely without that
subtle mystery, that feminine art and
guile, that attracts the male so posi-
tively. Beatrice would go any length
to enchant an admirer; Margaret
would have considered such efforts
beneath her. On the whole, thought
Ned, when Margaret sang his Ode she
appeared a proud and unapproach-
able goddess; when Beatrice sang it,
she was a most approachable, en-
ticing, and desirable woman.

  Instinctively Wentworth glanced
up at the mantel shelf where a
framed portrait of Margaret stood.
As he looked, his brow contracted; a
puzzled, almost startled expression
A SUITOR FROM THE SHADES

733

flitted over his face. He put down
his pipe. Incredulous, indignant, re-
morseful, he reached for the photo-
graph and carried it to his lips.

  "Three hours engaged," he said,
and whistled. ‘ ‘ Three hours engaged
—and beginning to criticize Mar-
garet! Comparing her with another
woman who isn’t fit to tie her shoes.
What on earth has got into me?"

  Then he remembered the entrance
of that sinister presence a few min-
utes ago. Furious indignation swept
over him as he began to realize what
had taken place; the thing was intol-
erable. A gust of futile anger shook
him. . . . Someone with a deep in-
terest in Margaret Sloane was at-
tempting telepathically to turn his
mind from her, and toward some
other woman. He put Margaret’s
portrait on the table beside him and
clenched his fists as he faced about
toward the empty room.

  Aloud he exclaimed: “Whoever
you are that is trying to separate
Margaret and me, you can not pre-
vail. We love each other! You may as
well be off, my invisible rival, for I
am on my guard now." He laughed
grimly but shamefacedly at his spo-
ken words.. They seemed absurd, ad-
dressed to thin air, but he had the
feeling that whatever or whoever it
was that had entered his room and
had actually succeeded for a few min-
utes in swaying his thoughts, this
personality would understand—if not
his words, his intentions.

  He looked long at Margaret’s por-
trait, his lips parting in a tender
smile. Who could compare with
her? Ah, there was never such a
glorious girl; how could he have
thought otherwise, even for a pass-
ing moment? To be sure, she was
a bit. over-independent, and a man
enjoys the clinging-vine type of
woman for a sweetheart. Beatrice
Randall was just such a helpless little
thing; with all her guile and her fem-
inine arts, a man felt he must look

after the child. How appealingly
feminine she was when she sang his
Ode in that entrancing “little girl"
way of hers; no wonder it always
brought down the house. Now Mar-
garet had a way of surrounding her-
self with such an atmosphere of in-
dependence, of proud confidence in
herself, that a man almost felt he
would be entirely superfluous in her
life. Now that she was engaged to
be married, it would not be such a
bad idea for her to cultivate a little
more of the womanly attitude of
helpless dependence that was so
pretty in Beatrice.

  Ned had been pacing back and
forth. He stopped and stood stock-
still; the sickening realization swept
over him that once more the un-
known rival had entered into his
secret thoughts and swung them away
from Margaret. It was too much!
He caught up a hat and stick, and
went out of the house to walk about
under the stars; perhaps the pres-
ence would tire of following him
about in the open. It may have been
so; it may also have been that the
unknown had done all he cared to do
for one night. After a brisk hour’s
walk, Ned found his mind cleared of
its cobwebs, and he went home, to
sleep soundly.

5

TI7ith daylight, Ned’s recollections

V	▼ of his uncanny experience faded
as dreams in one’s first waking mo-
ments; he remembered only that he
had unaccountably given more
thought to the prima donna in his
musical comedy than he had ever
given that damsel before, or ever
would again, he told himself.

  Ostensibly to inquire about Clare,
but in reality to assure himself of his
happiness, he telephoned Margaret
early.

  “Clare’s all right. But she’s wor-
rying herself sick over an utterly ri-
734

WEIRD TALES

diculous fancy, an absurd thing she
declares took place last night.”
“What was thar.r Ned’s voice
was vaguely troubled.

  “Some kind of ghostly visitor who
she insists visited us last night. Dad
is encouraging her; yes, he is. He
declares that lie and Father Rooney
felt the presence of an outsider in
the room last night when Clare had
that fainting spell. For my own
part, I felt nothing. I consider the
whole subject too utterly absurd for
discussion. ’ ’

  “Not as ridiculous as it may seem
at first glance, dear,” Ned replied
hesitantly, a sudden flood of memory
rushing upon him, carrying convic-
tion with it. “I had a rather strange
experience last night, myself.” Even
as he said it, he hoped Margaret
would not insist upon details; how
would it sound in her ears that he
had spent hours thinking about some
other woman when he had just en-
gaged himself to her?

 “What happened, Ned?”

  “Really, the thing was so intang-
ible that it would be extremely diffi-
cult to put it into words,” hedged
Wentworth desperately. “Perhaps
when I see you I can explain better
than I can over the telephone now.”
This excuse appearing reasonable,
Margaret did not insist further, much
to Ned’s relief. But the girl was far
more troubled after this conversation
than she cared to admit to herself.
She fidgeted about the house, wishing
it were evening; in the evening
Father Rooney would surely be over
to inquire about her sister, and she
wanted to hear from his own lips if
he had felt any supernatural experi-
ence the night before.

  Margaret scoffed at the ridiculous
idea that a boy of fifteen should come
back from the dead to keep her from
marrying another man, even granted
that the boy had attained manhood
in another world in the meantime.
Her keen sense of humor and her

abounding good health combined to
restrain her thoughts from wild sur-
mises; she merely wondered if some
contagion of diseased thought had
fastened upon the others of her im-
mediate circle, leaving her untouched.
This seemed far more probable to
her, than that the veil separating the
visible and invisible worlds could
have been lifted to permit the en-
trance into her life of a long-dead
boy sweetheart.

  She did not have to wait until eve-
ning to see the old priest. About 3
o’clock she saw him entering the
garden. He stopped to speak with
Clare, who was basking in the sun-
shine.

 “Cobwebs brushed away?” he
asked the lame girl, pointedly.

  She colored but met his eyes brave-
ly. “Oh, yes, Father.”

  He looked keenly at her slightly
clouded face. “Perhaps there is
something I can do for you, my
child?”

  “I’m afraid you would be the last
one to help me,” she laughed rue-
fully. “I want to find out the name
and address of a good psychic. I
must talk with someone who under-
stands—supernatural things. There
is an influence abroad that bodes evil
to Ned—and to my sister,” she add-
ed hastily, lowering her eyes before
the kindly scrutiny of the priest.

  “I wish I could help you, Clare.”
He paused a moment, considering.
“If you were only a Catholic, my
child,” he added regretfully.

  “But it isn’t religious help that I
want, Father. What I need is some-
thing that I don’t believe you could
give me. If I only knew what to
do!”

  “Can’t you leave it in higher
hands than those of a mere mortal,
my daughter? If you can do that
with your whole heart, the problem
will be solved for you. You believe
that, do you not?”

  She nodded slowly and thought-
A SUITOR FROM THE SHADES

735

fully. The old man passed a caress-
ing hand over her brown locks,
sighed, and went up the path with
knit brow.

  Margaret, impatiently waiting for
him, was standing at the top of the
•porch steps.

  “Ned called up this morning,
Father,” she said abruptly. He per-
sists in saying that he had an un-
canny experience last night. My sis-
ter says the same, and Dad. Father
Rooney, do you believe that a man
can come back from the dead, in these
days ? ’ ’

  “Why ‘in these days’?” he in-
quired whimsically. “These days
differ in no way from other days,
Margaret; they are all a part of eter-
nity.”’

  “But do you?”

  “What difference would it make,
Margaret, what I believe? In the
olden days, did not someone ask that
same question? It is in Holy Writ,
Margaret. ’ ’

  “You are evading my question,
Father,” the girl cried with an im-
patient shake of her head.

  “What do you think, Margaret?”
asked the old priest mildly.

  “I don’t know what to think.
Clare says it is true. Ned—why, I
actually believe he would agree with
her; Dad, too. Tell me, did you feel
someone in the room with us last
night, someone we couldn’t see?”

  Her question was sufficiently
pointed this time for Father Rooney
to get the drift of her inquiry; he
smiled.

  “My child, a priest becomes very
intuitive, and senses presences good
and evil that other people do not or-
dinarily feel. It is his study, his ar-
dent prayers, his meditations alone,
that make him more sensitive.. And
a man who employs his brain in crea-
tive work, as does Mr. Wentworth, is
also liable to psychic impressions.
Your dear father—why, he is a phy-

sician, and a good physician must be
intuitive. While as for our little
Clare—ah, her physical disability has
kept her very near the Unseen; you
can trust her intuitions, Margaret.”
“How about me?” scornfully.
“You arc far less liable to such
delicate impressions, because you are
in robust health; your employments
are active physical employments;
your outlook upon life is—well, my
child; largely material. There, ’ ’ and
he raised a hand to still her quick
protest, “you have not yet had a
sorrow, my child. When you have
suffered disillusion, disappointment,
grief—then perhaps you will find
yourself closer than now, to the veil
that hides the Unseen.”

  “In other words, Father, the rest
of you felt that there was a spook in
the room, but for me that spook
didn’t exist?”

  “Something like that, Margaret;
something like that. I don’t know
but that you are better off than we
are, in that respect. It is not always
a pleasant thing to have these other
entities thrust themselves upon one’s
notice without invitation.”

  “Well,” with a slightly scornful
laugh, “when I see a spirit, I shall
believe that they exist and return to
earth, but I fear I shall never be con-
vinced by my own good eyes.”

  Little did Margaret dream as she
spoke so skeptically under what cir-
cumstances her own good eyes were
to teach her the frailness of the veil
that separates the material and the
spiritual worlds!

  Father Rooney shook one finger at
the young girl in half-playful admo-
nition.

  “I wish there were some way to
help my little Clare,” he murmured
to himself as he went on into the
house. “She is too susceptible to
psychic influences. May our Lady
watch over her,” he finished softly
and earnestly.
736

WEIRD TALES

6

"■\X7’hy, there comes Mrs. Campbell

  V	V across the road. I wonder what
she wants?" Margaret went slowly
down the path to meet the visitor,
stopping at Clare’s side to drop her
gentle hands on the lame girl’s
drooping shoulders.

  The woman who came briskly up
the bricked path was short and rather
heavily built without being actually
stout. Her graying hair was pulled
back tightly from her round face and
drawn into a "figure eight” at the
nape of the neck. Although her face
had not the slightest trace of actual
beauty, her features were prepossess-
ing; there was about her that atmos-
phere of homely and agreeable
motherliness that warms the heart.
She wore a starched white linen
shirtwaist and a pepper-and-salt
tailored skirt, to the black belt of
which was hooked a chatelaine bag
of black leather. Stout black shoes
completed her utilitarian, rather than
handsome, clothes.

  As she approached the sisters,
Clare leaned forward with a kind of
breathless interest, her eyes fixed up-
on the newcomer. A mixture of
anxiety and expectation appeared on
the lame girl’s face.

  Mrs. Campbell did not speak until
she was directly up to the girls; it
would have been most unlike her to
have wasted her energy upon the
balmy afternoon air by speaking
when there was a possibility of not
being heard perfectly.

  "Well, Margaret and Clare, good
afternoon, both of you. Clare, I
came over especially to see you,” she
said abruptly.

  Margaret laughed musically.
"Well, that is unkind of you, Mrs.
Campbell,” she said. "Am I to take
that as a summary dismissal?”

  "You can stay if you like, Mar-
garet, but I’m thinking that you
would not believe a word I’m going

to say, and I don’t choose to give
you the chance to laugh at me, Mar-
garet Sloane.”

  Clare gasped audibly. Margaret,
although accustomed to her Scotch
neighbor’s frankness, pretended to be
offended.

  "Really, Mrs. Campbell, if you
think me incapable of appreciating
your pearls of wisdom-”

  She moved off with her swinging,
easy walk, leaving Clare gazing after
her with troubled eyes. The lame
girl was deeply disturbed, and it was
not until Margaret turned to throw
her half-mocking smile that she real-
ized her sister’s pique was more ap-
parent than real.

  The Scotchwoman went directly to
the heart of her message.

  “My dear, do you know that there
was a stranger in your garden last
night ?’ ’

  “Then you saw him?" gasped the
girl, starting involuntarily at the
other’s words.

  “Ah, you know, then?”

  “I—I felt his presence,” admit-
ted Clare.

  “Well, I saw him, and I hope I
don’t see him again. He isn’t a
pleasant individual,” dryly. “Do
you know who he is, Clare? Spirits
like that don’t usually trouble hu-
man beings unless there is some
powerful tie between them. Be frank
with me, my dear. I may be able
to help you, and I foresee that you
may need help, you and Margaret,
too.”

  Clare drew a long breath. “His
name, if I’m not mistaken, is Clif-
ford Bentley,” she began. And she
plunged into the forlorn little story
of the childhood romance with its
tragic ending. Her listener nodded
understandingly.

  “Do you think he intends to make
any trouble for my sister?” asked
the lame girl anxiously.

  “I’m afraid he does, Clare. I’ll
tell you what I saw. He was looking
A SUITOR FROM THE SHADES

737

over your shoulder into the garden
at Margaret. Suddenly he leaned
over you, and you disappeared in, a
cloud of luminous vapor. But the
luminosity, Clare, was not that light
shed from the aura of an entity that
is trying to uplift itself or others;
it was the murky, red-shot vapor
that betrayed the presence of evil.

  " Whether it is evil for you or for
Margaret, matters little, for that
entity has taken advantage of your
physical weakness, your psychic sus-
ceptibility, your unselfish nature, and
unless you can beat off his influence,
you will end by becoming little better
than the instrument by which that
evil thing will eventually seek to
make its actual physical appearance
among us.”

“Mrs. Campbell! You terrify me!”
“I terrify myself,” said the lady,
dryly. ‘ ‘ If you only could have seen
that evil atmosphere that enveloped

you-„” The pause was eloquent;

Clare met it with understanding
eyes.

  “It was that I felt, then. It was
that which robbed me of conscious-
ness. Oh, dear Mrs. Campbell, you
have the wonderful gift of second-
sight. Can’t you tell me what this
all means? Why has he come back?”
The Scotchwoman nodded with the
half-proud, half-mortified air of one
who admits something to one’s detri-
ment, which yet one can not help but
consider a merit.

  “Yes, Clare, I have the second-
sight. My mother had it, and my
grandmother before her. It’s a won-
derful thing, as you say—but not
such a pleasant thing, sometimes.”
“Tell me what to do, won’t you?
I know Mr. Campbell hates to have
you exercise your power—but—isn’t
this an exceptional occasion?” begged
the lame girl.

  “Clare, I’ll try.” She glanced
cautiously at the house as she spoke,
to ascertain if Margaret were in sight.
“You know, I can not promise suc-

cess. It is for this that I can not dis-
cuss the thing with your sister; Mar-
garet is so skeptical that I would be
quite uneasy in her presence, and un-
able to let myself go, as I must it: I
wish to go into a trance.”

  She moved closer to the girl. ‘ ‘ Give
me your two hands, my dear,” she
commanded gently, her voice seeming
already to come from a distance.
She stood perfectly stiff for a mo-
ment, while the lame girl’s whole soul
was watching in her eyes.

  There was not the slightest sus-
picion in Clare’s mind as to the
seeress’ honesty. The Sloanes had
known the Campbells for more than
seven years, and no one in the sub-
urb had anything but admiration and
respect for the little Scotchwoman.
Douglas Campbell, while admitting
his wife’s gift of second-sight, was
stubbornly set against her use of it;
he believed it a weakening and un-
healthy practise even when exercised
by an effort of the will. In this
Laura Campbell differed from her
husband, but was too docile a wife
to question his well-meant authority
—at least, in public. It is a fact that
when she felt herself justified, she
had no hesitation in yielding to her
intuitions, and in the case of the
Sloane girls her friendliness for them
drove her to seek them out for the
purpose, for she had seen plainly
that the uninvited guest of the pre-
vious night was an undesirable, and
might prove a troublesome, visitor.

After a long moment, during which
Clare felt her heart beating
loudly and painfully, the Scotch-
woman began to speak. Her intona-
tion was stiff and harsh, the very op-
posite of her customary rapid, easy
speech. The words dropped off her
lips slowly, one by one, with mono-
tonous regularity. Meantime her
hands gripped those of the lame
girl with a grip that made Clare
wince.
738

WEIRD TALES

  “You — seek — to — learn — the
reason — for — my — presence. You

—	shall — know — soon — enough.
Tell — Margaret — that — she —
must — never — marry — Ned —
Wentworth. While — you — live —
I — have — the — means — to —
prevent — it — but — I — will —
not — trouble — her — if — she —
will — keep — her — vow — to —
me.”

  “Oh!” Clare Sloane cried out sud-
denly as if in acute pain.

  The seeress gave a deep sigh, shud-
dered from head to foot, and closed
her eyes tightly. Then she released
the hands she had been holding so
tightly, and opened her eyes, to see
the lame girl laboring for breath, her
head thrown back on the cushions.

  “Margaret ! Margaret! Bring your
sister’s tablets!”

  Mrs. Campbell began to stroke and
beat at one of the delicate hands,
while she looked anxiously toward
the house. Margaret came running
down the path, a glass of water in
one hand and Clare’s medicine in the
other. She threw a reproachful look
at their neighbor, as she hastily be-
gan to minister to her sister.

  “What on earth did you tell Clare,
to upset her like this?” asked the
older girl, indignantly.

  “I'm sorry, Margaret, but I can’t
tell you what upset her.”

  “You mean, you won’t tell me,”
flashed the girl.

  “No, I mean just what I said.
She’s reviving—look, the color is
coming into her cheeks again.”
“What did you do? Did you try
any of that trance business?”
“Clare asked me to try it for her,”
replied the other woman quickly. * * It
was to help her out about some-
thing,” she hesitated.

  “And you mean to tell me,” scorn-
fully, “that you don’t know what
you tokl her?”

-	“You’re going a little too far,
Margaret,” rebuked the Scotch-

woman, indignant in her turn. “I’m
not accustomed to having my word
disputed. If you knew anything at
all about the nature of a trance, you
would know that the medium is
never aware of what is said.”

  “Oh, I believe you,” hastily.
“Clare, darling, are you feeling bet-
ter now?”

  Clare was breathing more natural-
ly, and her cheeks were not as pal-
lid as they had been a moment since.
Her hands were still cold to the so-
licitous Margaret’s touch, and the
girl began chafing them. Clare, as
soon as she could speak, began to
beg brokenly, “Oh, can you tell me
what he meant? Was it you talk-
ing? Or was it he speaking with
your lips?”

 “He?” Mrs. Campbell’s lips
parted; she looked strangely at the
lame girl. “What did I say? Tell'
me everything, Clare. Don’t forget
a single word.”

  Clare repeated it, to the best of her
ability.

  “I don’t like that,” said the
Scotchwoman anxiously. “He means,
that while you live, he can control
you psychically, gathering from you
the force to make himself felt un-
pleasantly on this plane. The alter-
native is,” and she directed her gaze
sharply and narrowly at Margaret,
who colored under it resentfully,
“the alternative is, that Margaret
keeps her vow to him, her vow never
to marry.”

  “In other words, Mrs. Campbell,
my sister must pay for my happiness
with her life, or I must pay for her
life with my happiness ? Excuse me, ’ ’
coldly, “but I think you go too far
with this mysterious jargon. Come,
Clare dear, the sun is sinking. Let
me help you into the house.”

  The Scotchwoman silently assisted
in drawing Clare to her feet and ad-
justed the crutches, while Margaret
picked up the cushions upon which
the lame girl had been reclining. As
A SUITOR FROM THE SHADES

739

  the sisters went slowly up the path
  to the house, she stood watching
  them with perturbed countenance.

    "It’s bad. It’s very, very bad.
  And Margaret won’t believe the
  peril she is in. Poor Clare! I must
  tell Douglas of this. If it comes to
  the worst, he’ll have to permit me
  to make up a circle, and Dr. Sloane
  will have to override Margaret’s ob-
  jections—for object she surely will,
  unless she falls into the sphere of
  influence of that unwelcome guest,
  herself. I can only watch—and
  pray," she whispered to herself.

7

 Ned wentworth was an impul-
 sive lover. Moreover, his un-
 canny obsession on the _ night of
 his engagement to Margaret had
 weighed on his mind; he felt that the
 * sooner they were married, the sooner
 the unseen rival for the girl’s affec-
 tions would be induced to leave the
 field to him. He lost no time, there-
 fore, in urging an early marriage
 upon Margaret.

    His plans met with Dr. Sloane’s
  approval. The old man was relieved
  to see at least one of his girls hap-
  pily married and provided for. In
  secret he grieved much for his
  younger daughter, whose lameness
  might prove a serious obstacle to her
  satisfactory settlement in life. He
  agreed that Ned and Margaret
  should be married very quietly early
  in the coming month, and that after
  the wedding the young pair should
  make an extended trip through the
  Southwest.

   Margaret’s days became an orgy
  of shopping expeditions. Her nights
  were occupied with dreams of the
  happy future she was going to spend
  with her lover. The ominous and
  mysterious words of Mrs. Campbell
  had apparently been erased from her
  mind. Not so with Clare; the lame
  girl remembered with terrible dis-
  tinctness the dilemma that her sister

had so tersely and indignantly
stated; one of the two must pay for
the other’s life or happiness by sac-
rificing her own.

  To do Margaret full justice, she
would not knowingly have accepted
happiness at the expense of her
younger sister, but she had dismissed
the words of the seeress as fantastic
vaporings unworthy of consideration.
Clare, however, had been deeply im-
pressed; she spent hours pondering
on them. If her death would pur-
chase Margaret’s happiness, the lame
girl was ready to surrender it. She
did not put into words her secret
thought, that Margaret’s happiness
was also the happiness of Ned Went-
worth.

 Time flew. Margaret’s wedding
was so near at hand that when Clare
looked at the calendar on the wall
Of their room, she found but a single
day remaining before the older sister
would leave her home for the new
life that spread with so much rich
promise before her. Day by day
Clare had prayed fervently for
strength to resist any fresh' attacks
upon her psychic forces by the entity
which she knew as Clifford Bentley.
Once or twice Clare, now watchful
and alert, had felt the certain indi-
cations of Clifford’s presence; the
failing of her vital powers that pre-
ceded the entrance of the spirit-lover
so convincingly, if invisibly, into the
material world. As yet she had been
able to fight him off, and this gave
her confidence in her ability to save
her sister from the annoyance, if
nothing more, that Clifford’s influ-
ence might bring to bear upon either
Margaret or Ned.

  The night before the wedding Ned
did not drop in as he had expected;
he telephoned to Margaret that he
was not feeling quite himself but
would undoubtedly be all right in the
morning. His words were mild in
comparison to what he was experi-
encing. For several days he had
740

WEIRD TALES

been fighting off an obsession even
worse than the mild one that had
overcome him on the night of his en-
gagement to Margaret. He had not
dared be off his guard for a moment.
As surely as he permitted his
thoughts to wander ever so slightly,
he felt them getting beyond his con-
trol, until his head would be awhirl
with incolierencies and strange con-
jectures that tormented him cruelly.

  He began to “remember” inci-
dents that concerned Margaret, but
in which he figured as a principal;
incidents in which he knew at the
same time that he had never taken
part. One time he found himself
saying aloud with persistence, “I am
Clifford Bentley! I am Clifford
Bentley!” until he caught himself
up with what was almost terror
clutching at his heart.

  Intuition told him that Clifford
Bentley must be the rival now mak-
ing such desperate efforts to cause
trouble between Margaret and him-
self. Ned swore that he would not
give her up, no matter what the cost
of keeping her might be. As his de-
termination on this point increased,
so did the insidious attacks upon his
mental stronghold by the invisible
rival.

  The night before his wedding Ned
had come to the point where he was
half dead for want of sleep. His
apprehensions had grown so strong
that he had been keeping himself
awake night after night with strong
coffee, fearing to relax his guard for
a single moment. That night he
could hold out 110 longer; he was
obliged to give way to sleep for a few
hours; flesh and blood could stand
no more.

  When he waked the next day, he
found to his consternation that he
had overslept. It was already noon,
and as the wedding was set for 3
o’clock, he had no more time than
was absolutely necessary to dress
and motor out to Dr. Sloane’s. He

paid little or no attention to a dull
ache in his head, and a tingling,
pricking sensation that occasionally
shot through his body; if he thought
of it at all, it was as the natural re-
sult of his sleeplessness for several
nights, and the consequent nervous
strain. Certain it is that he did not
think of it as having any connection
with Clifford Bentley.

 The wedding was to be a very
quiet one, the only outside person
present being Father Rooney. Mar-
garet was to be unattended. Had
she chosen a bridesmaid, it would
have been Clare, but the lame girl
insisted that her crutches would have
made a distressingly inharmonious
appearance. The bride came into the
room on her father’s arm, the old doc-
tor having managed to brace up suffi-
ciently to go through the short cere-
mony of giving his daughter away.

  Near the officiating clergyman, who
had been placed near the window
opening on the garden, stood the
bridegroom. Ned also was unat-
tended ; he had' decided that he was
fully able to take care of Margaret’s
wedding ring without any outside as-
sistance. As his bride approached,
the young man turned his head to-
ward her. A sudden horror and dis-
may seized upon him. As he looked,
he became aware that, strangely
enough, his emotions were so complex
as to convince him, without a strug-
gle, that he was at once himself and
that other! In vain he fought against
that terrible obsession; he could do
nothin^ to drive out the triumphant
rival who had entered his mind, his
body. In despair he cast down his
eyes, dreading lest others might read
in them the strange and awful thing
that had befallen him.

 Margaret approached, her head
bent, her eyes on the flowers she car-
ried. The clergyman began to read
from his prayer-book. Ned could feel
the gentle presence of the girl he
loved, as she paused beside him. When
A SUITOR FROM THE SHADES

7411

the clergyman addressed the question
to Ned that would bind him to her,
it seemed to him that the intruding
personality was laughing at him as it
whipped the replies out of his very
mouth, responding with a decisive ab-
ruptness that caused the minister to
send a quick glance at the brusk
bridegroom. Ned was praying for
the ceremony to close.

  The minister addressed the bride:
“Wilt thou take this man to be thy
wedded husband . . . ?”

  Wentworth’s heart pumped madly.
In a moment it would be over. A si-
lence succeeded to the clergyman’s
question, a silence that endured—that
weighed down every heart. Ned
lifted his head and sought Margaret’s
eyes in astonishment.

  She was looking at him, horror on
her amazed face. The flowers she
was carrying fell tumbling at her feet
from relaxed fingers. She took an in-
stinctive step backward and put one
hand behind her gropingly, as though
seeking support. Still she stared at
him incredulously. The clergyman,
not understanding, prompted her in
an undertone. With a sharp anguish
that cut the young lover’s heart, her
voice rang out wildly.

 “No—no—no!” she screamed, and
sank back unconscious into the arms
of her father.

8

Consternation on every face. Clare
had dropped hers into both
hands, and was sobbing and praying
behind that frail shield. Dr. Sloane
stood, holding his fainting daughter
as if he had been turned into stone
and unable to move. The clergyman
had closed his prayer-book and gazed
in bewilderment at the fainting bride
and the agonized, astounded groom.

  Only Father Rooney grasped the
situation even faintly. He it was who
relieved the old doctor of his burden
and carried Margaret to the divan.
It was he who motioned everyone but

the young lover from the room. He
held salts to the girl’s nostrils, while
lie questioned Ned with a single look
of sympathetic inquiry.

  “I don’t know! That’s the worst
of it, I don’t know,” Ned groaned
miserably. “Father, I haven’t been
quite myself since the night we be-
came engaged. Do you suppose—she
could have—felt the difference? I
can imagine nothing else that would
have turned her against me so sud-
denly and incomprehensibly.”

  “Do you mean, my poor boy, that
you have felt that invisible presence
again? That—that it has become an
obsession?”

  “Exactly. I have fought it for
days. But last night—I had lost so
much sleep,” apologetically, “I could
not keep awake. That was its chance,
I suppose. This morning I have been
feeling strange, when I come to think
of it.” Hurriedly Ned recounted his
experiences with the invisible rival
who had taken possession of his very
self that afternoon, replying to the
minister’s questions through the lips
of the obsessed.

  The old priest nodded his head
wisely. “I think I understand, my
son. It is a strange condition, and a
difficult one. I hardly know what to
advise you.”

  Ned stood looking down at the un-
conscious girl, his eyes melancholy.
“I can only fight until I can go on
with it no longer,” he said despair-
ingly. “But how am I to continue
fighting with an invisible entity that
takes advantage of me in my un-
guarded moments of sleep ? ’ ’

  “Do you feel the presence at this
moment?” demanded Father Rooney.

  “N-no, I think not. That is,” cor-
recting himself, “I feel that it is
somewhere near, but not controlling
me for the time being. ’ ’

  Father Rooney hastily crossed him-
self. “For the time being, Ned,
there is nothing for you to do but to
keep away from Margaret. Whatever
742

WEIRD TALES

this unknown entity is, its interest
seems to be in keeping you two apart.
Until you feel yourself complete mas-
ter of the situation, it will be best for
you to leave Margaret alone."

  "I feel that strongly, but—it will
be very hard, Father."

  "Would you bring worse upon the
woman you love?" said the priest
gravely. "Believe me, my son, this
matter will have to be solved by other
power than yours or mine. I am per-
suaded, however, that your wisest
course now will be to leave Margaret. ’ ’

  The young man bent, pressed a ten-
der kiss upon the forehead of the girl
who was to have been his wife, and
went sadly from the room. Dr. Sloane
and Clare were waiting for him in the
hall; their anxious eyes questioned
him.

  "The marriage must be postponed.
And Father Rooney feels that it will
be wiser for me not to be here when
Margaret comes out of her faint. I !11
telephone later to learn how our dear
girl is getting along.’ 7

  Dr. Sloane patted his shoulder.
"Cheer up, Ned. I think it’s nothing
more than the result of nervous strain.
Wedding preparations have been too
much for Margie. But I certainly
never would have thought she’d keel
over like that; she’s so athletic and in
such fine condition. Well, she’ll be
all right in a couple of days, and then
we’ll have you two tied up in a jiffy
and off on your honeymoon. ’ ’

  Clare, who knew only too well what
must be the root of the trouble, al-
though she could not know the exact
circumstances, dared not meet Ned’s
eyes, so disturbed was she. "I shall
be praying for you, Ned," she whis-
pered timidly, as she slipped away to
assist the good priest in his ministra-
tions.

  Margaret revived presently and sat
up, controlling herself with a strong
effort. "I want to be alone, please,”
she said. "Clare, I don’t mind you,
of course.” Her eyes dropped down

upon her traveling gown. “I must
take off these things,” she said sadly.

  As she rose to leave the room, her
self-control gave way; tears gushed
from her eyes, blinding her until she
had to lean against the lame girl for
guidance.

  "Oh, it is cruel!” she sobbed.
"What have we done to deserve this
persecution? Tell Ned, Dad, that it
isn’t his fault, but I can’t explain
just now. I hope—I hope he will for-
give me.”

npHE girls went to their room, their
    tears mingling.

  The day wore away. Ned tele-
phoned in and received Margaret’s
message, to which she had added that
it was her conviction their marriage
could never take place, but that she
would always love him—a message
that half, maddened the unhappy
young man.

  The sisters retired early, although
there was no sleep for either of them
for hours. Clare won her sister’s con-
fidence at last; Margaret confided to
her the reason for the "no” that
should have been "yes." Ned’s ob-
session by the determined spirit of
Clifford Bentley had been so plainly
discernible by the girl that she had
refused to marry him, because she felt
it would not have been Ned she was
marrying, but the intruding person-
ality of that long-dead childhood
sweetheart. The horror of the situa-
tion had been too much for her self-
control. The bizarre idea of becom-
ing the wife of two men in one body
had forced from her that decisive,
agonized negative.

  Clare calmed her as best she might,
both girls prayed together, and about
half past 11 they fell asleep, ex-
hausted by their emotions.

  It was, as the girls ascertained
afterward, shortly after midnight
that Margaret awoke from troubled
dreams. The room was in partial
darkness. As she shook off her drow-
A SUITOR FROM THE SHADES

743

siness, slfe became aware of arms
about lier, and a face that pressed
close against her own. The thought
flashed through her gratefully that
her sister had been watching and
praying over her; she turned her lips
to meet those others that sought hers.

  The kiss undeceived her; that was
no sister’s kiss!

  With convulsive nervous force Mar-
garet drew herself away from the
arms that had been holding her and
sat up in bed, half dazed. For an in-
stant she imagined that the events of
the afternoon had been a dream, and
that it was the kiss of her young hus-
band that had just been pressed upon
her lips. And then she knew that it
was no dream.

  The soft light of the night lamp
fell upon the face of a young man, a
complete stranger, who in his turn
rose from the kneeling posture he had
been maintaining by the side of her
bed. Although she had never seen
that face as an adult faee, the terri-
fied girl knew intuitively that she was
looking upon the features of Clifford
Bentley, who had succeeded at last in
making himself visible and tangible.

  She felt her senses slipping weakly
from her control. She was convinced
that this would be fatal, as she had
not the slightest confidence in the
kindly intentions of that dread lover
from the unknown world. With all
her might she gripped at courage, and
stared that dead-alive entity squarely
in the deep eyes that burned passion-
ately upon her with a significance
that froze the coursing blood in her
veins; Margaret Sloane was no cow-
ard, but she had never shaken and
trembled as she did that night, in the
throes of an unearthly fear.

  “What do you want?” she man-
aged to whisper through dry lips.

 “You!”

  “Why do you come back to torment
me? That was a child’s silly promise
—you can not hold me to it. ’ ’

  “I can—and ivill!” The appari-

tion, doubly terrible because of its
tangibility, moved toward her.

  ‘ ‘ No—no! ” She thrust out protest-
ing hands wildly. “Don’t come
nearer! If you do, I shall scrcam!
I can not bear it! ”

  Clifford Bentley leaned toward her,
smiling with white teeth showing be-
tween red lips, and regarding the
shrinking, horrified girl meaningly.
“You fear me—yet you have tasted
my warm kisses,” he whispered. “Do
you think my rival will want you
now, silly Margie?”

  Margaret’s brain began to whirl.
Surmises too dreadful to shape into
words prodded her mind sharply.
She threw herself desperately from
the bed, anywhere, away from that
triumphantly smiling face, and began
to scream.

  Shriek after shriek rang through
the startled house.

  The figure of Clifford Bentley re-
tired around the foot of Margaret’s
bed and approached that of Clare.
Before the older sister’s staring, in-
credulous eyes he leaned over the
sleeping girl—and the next instant he
had disappeared, like a dissipating
vapor, from her sight.

9

The screams of his older daughter
brought the doctor stumbling
from his room across the hall. He
entered abruptly to find Margaret on
the floor in a dead faint, and Clare
sitting up in bed rubbing her eyes,
apparently half dazed. Inquiry
failed to elicit anything further than
that Margaret had had a nightmare
which had so terrified her that she
had sprung from bed to fall uncon-
scious on the floor.

  After she had been revived and
tucked into bed again, and her father
had left the girls alone, Clare made
her sister tell the whole unbelievable
story, while both glanced fearfully
over their shoulders into the dim
shadows of the room. As Margaret
744

WEIRD TALES

finished, her voice broken with sobs,
her eyes wide with her unspoken
fears, the lame girl exclaimed with
indignation, “He is cruel, Margie,
and a coward, to behave like this.”

  ‘ ‘ I can’t help being terribly afraid.
Who can tell how far his power will
carry him?” confessed the half-hys-
terical Margaret.

  Clare was silent. She, too, was
afraid. More, she was remembering
with poignant emotion the last words
the seeress had spoken to her. The
lame girl pressed both hands tightly
against her laboring heart, that beat
so painfully in her bosom. Gladly
she would have stilled its beating,
could she have known surely that the
act would purchase immunity for
Margaret and happiness for Ned.

  “Margie, the first thing we must do
in the morning is to see Mrs. Camp-
bell, ’ ’ she said at last.. ‘ ‘ She can help
us if anyone can. Don’t try to dis-
suade me, dear; you must admit that
even a forlorn hope is worth snatch-
ing at, now. ’ ’

  Margaret had so far lost her former
high spirits and self-confidence that
she would have assented willingly to
whatever plans Clare might have pro-
posed. Still, she could not help ques-
tioning Mrs. Campbell’s ability to
find a way out of the terrible and tor-
tuous maze in which she and Ned
seemed lost.

  “Do you really believe there is any-
thing extraordinary about Laura
Campbell’s trances, Clare?” she
asked earnestly. “I’ve always won-
dered at the loss of dignity such
feigning costs her. ’ ’

  “She really has what they call sec-
ond-sight, Margie. I’ve seen her my-
self, in trances. Not often, because
Mr. Campbell hates to have her give
way to them. But the day we were
in the garden and I had that heart
attack—you remember?—she spoke
with the voice of a man, and—I knew,
somehow, that it was lie.” Her own

tones were modified as she-spoke, and
she glanced timorously about her.

  “Well,” conceded Margaret unhap-
pily, “I suppose we ought to do
everything we can—and if she is able
to help us, I know Mr. Campbell will
let her. But I can’t help being skep-
tical ; it all seems so foolish and child-
ish to me. Of course, if you want me
to I’ll run over and ask her if she
can help us out.”

  “Oh, Margie, if you only would!”
urged' Clare earnestly.

  Margaret accordingly went across
the road to their Scotch neighbor’s
home, and related to Laura Campbell
the story of the “nightmare” she had
had the previous night. The quiet-
faced woman listened in grim silence,
a non-committal expression on her
round, motherly countenance. Only
the continuous snapping of the catch
of the chatelaine betrayed her nerv-
ousness.

  “You’ll have to make up a circle
and hold a seance and call him,”
she said with finality.

  “I don’t see why,” shrank the girl.

  “You don’t see why? You fool-
ish girl, you make me lose all patience
with you! ”

 “But-”

  “ ‘But’ nothing!” snapped the
Scotchwoman with asperity. “You
are an ungrateful girl, Margaret
Sloane. And a blindly selfish one,
too, if you want my frank opinion.
Your sister Clare is being slowly
killed, all her vital forces are being
drawn out of her by that — that male
vampire — that satellite of your at-
tractions. And you — you draw back
at the only chance to make terms with
him! I’m sure I don’t know what
you can be thinking of.”

  Margaret’s color was running high.
“I had no idea that my sister was in
danger of any kind,” she retorted
spiritedly. “But the mere suggestion
of such a thing is sufficient, to make
me agree to any plan, no matter how
idiotic it may appear. Will you un-
A SUITOR FROM THE SHADES

745

dertake to conduct a seance for us?"
abruptly.

  "Have someone telephone your fi-
ance to be at your home this evening
at 8 o’clock. See that arrangements
are made so that we can have the en-
tire evening undisturbed by visitors.
I will be over as soon as Mr. Camp-
bell has gone to his lodge; it’s for-
tunate tonight is lodge night, or you’d
have to wait. My husband would not
give me his permission to act as med-
ium at your seance, so I’ve got to do
it behind his back.. And I can as-
sure you, Margaret Sloane, that isn’t
a pleasant thing for me to do.”

  Margaret, confronted with the pos-
sibility that her neighbor might re-
pent her offer, was transformed from
scorner to suppliant. Her eyes plead-
ed eloquently.

  "G-et along with you, Margaret,”
snorted the Scotchwoman with
feigned indignation. "Asking me to
deceive my good Douglas, are you?
There, there, don’t worry, my dear.
Laura Campbell has never yet turned
her back on anyone who really needed
her help. I’ll be over at 8 o’clock.”

  Margaret did not feel up to talking
directly with Ned, and begged Clare
to telephone for her. Ned was in his
rooms, happily, and almost out of his
head with joy at* hearing that a pos-
sible solution of the weird problem
might be reached so soon. He prom-
ised to be at Dr. Sloane’s at the ap-
pointed hour.

/^lare was sitting on the porch that,
'^evening at about half past 7, when
she saw the bowed figure of Father
Rooney approaching through the
dusk. He came up slowly, and seated
himself on the top step, fanning him-
self with his broad-brimmed hat, for
the day had been a hot one.

  "I don’t know that you’ll want to
stay this evening, Father,” the lame
girl said to him timidly. "Father
won’t be free to play chess with you
tonight. You see, we’re going to do

something of which you won’t ap-
prove — we ’re going to hold a seance,
to see if we can’t learn how to get
out of the strange situation in which
we seem to have been thrown. ’ ’

  Father Rooney stopped fanning
himself.. His hat half hid his face
from the girl, as he looked sharply
at her over its wide brim. There was
an anxious note in his voice.

  "A seance, my daughter? Is your
father permitting it? Does he con-
sider it a wise thing for — well,
Clare, for you, my child? I’m speak-
ing not only as a priest, but from the
physician’s standpoint.”

  Clare returned his grave query
with a serene smile. "Oh, I don’t
believe it can do me any harm,” she
said thoughtfully. "Do you suppose
anything could hurt me more than
to believe that some malicious spirit
is robbing me daily of strength in
order to torment my poor sister ? Be-
sides, I’d rather risk a—a heart at-
tack, Father, than continue to go
through what I’ve been suffering for
weeks/’

  Father Rooney sighed. Too well he
knew the self-sacrifice that was the
dominant note in Clare’s nature.

  "I can not attend such a meeting,
my child, as you know. But — I
think I shall remain. I can pray for
you and yours — it may well be that
God sent me here for just that to-
night — when you may need spirit-
ual help more than ever in your lives
before. ”

  He rose to greet the doctor and
Ned, who had been walking in the
grounds.

  Ned had not entered the house as
yet, fearing a repetition of the ter-
rible scene that had taken place on
the ill-fated day of the wedding. For
although he had been feeling himself
almost entirely free from his obses-
sion since he had kept away from
Margaret, how could he know when
it might return in force?

  "Coming in?” he asked the priest
746

WEIRD TALES

  “I will sit out here,™ observed
Father Rooney. “Here I can watch
the stars.”

  Mrs. Campbell came up the bricked
path at this juncture, and the whole
party, with the exception of the good
priest, went indoors.

  Margaret was sitting on the divan
in the front room. As Ned entered,
she rose to her feet and put out both
hands, while tears sprang to her eyes
and rolled piteously down her cheeks.

  “My poor Ned, can you ever for-
give me?” she murmured brokenly.

  “There is nothing to forgive,” he
whispered. “Oh, Margie, let us hope
that tonight may open a way for us
out of the tangle that seems to have
been made of our happiness.”

  Mrs. Campbell interposed, with her
usual bruskness.

  “Better for you to keep your ex-
changes of affection for a later mo-
ment,” she said decidedly. “I sym-
pathize with you, but every moment
you are enraging yet more the entity
who has proved powerful enough to
have made a fine tangle of your
affairs. Dr. Sloane, will you and Mr.
Wentworth arrange the chairs so that
we can sit in a circle?”

  She busied herself with the pre-
liminary arrangements for the seance,
her every movement followed closely
by the lame girl.

  Clare sat apart from the rest, hands
folded tightly in her lap, eyes dark
with melancholy. When everything
had been arranged to her satisfaction,
the Scotchwoman indicated to each
their places in the circle. She seated
Ned at her left, Clare at her right;
Dr. Sloane sat on the other side of
the lame girl, and Margaret—half
glad, half afraid — between lover
and father.

  The lights were turned out. Only
a small night lamp, its tiny wick
floating on the oil, stood upon the
table at the other end of the room.
In that flickering and barely discern-
ible light, the faces of the sitters

flashed into and out of sight at every
draft of air that floated in at the
garden window.

  The seeress, tense and watchful,
maintained her hold on Clare’s hand
with gentle force. She felt the lame
girl sink back in her chair limply,
with a kind of half-sob, half-sigh.
The doctor spoke in hushed tones.

   “I'm afraid Clare is fainting,” he
worried.

   “I guarantee that she is all right
for the time being,” replied the psy-
chic quickly. “She has slipped off
into a trance. Do not try to waken
her. ' It is better so. I shall direct,
instead of becoming the medium my-
self, for Clare is to be our medium
tonight. Now we shall be able to
see and talk with Mr. Clifford Bent-
ley.”

   Hardly had the words left her lips
before Margaret, holding tightly to
the hands of father and lover, gave
a sharp exclamation.

  Standing directly behind Clare’s
chair was the figure of Clifford Bent-
ley, his white face and burning eyes
fixed upon the unhappy bride with
passionate intensity.

10

Ned spoke impulsively, half rising
as he cried out, “You miserable
scoundrel! ’ ’ His eyes flashed an-
grily.

  Mrs. Campbell maintained her grip
on his hand and drew him down
firmly. “Sit down, Mr. Wentworth.
This is no time to call names.” She
addressed the newcomer with cold
courtesy. “I see that you have an-
ticipated our wishes. We are here
tonight especially to talk with you.”
. “I know — I know,” muttered the
newcomer fiex’cely. “I understood
that you intended to meddle, and I
came before I was called, of my own
accord. Otherwise you would have
had the mortification of not seeing
(Continued on page 861)
V-fry ELI COLTER^

SAUL BLAUVETTE was, as he
himself styled it, a bug-chaser
from his earliest childhood.
Always frail, diminutive of stature,
he possessed a large head and an
emaciated, colorless face into which
were set enormous slate-gray eyes.
The prodigious energy with which he
had been endowed betrayed itself in
every quick impulsive move of his
thin, eagerly alive body, but was for-
ever most evident in the enormous
unwinking eyes. From the hour he
began creeping he was claimed by
and devoted to that science which
most fittingly dovetailed into his
weirdly abnormal life. The science
of bugs. Anything that crawled,
wriggled, swam or flew, and was no
larger than a tree-toad, arrested his

  For information upon which to base this story,
and for inspiration to build the character of
Saul Blauvette, my thanks are due to Paul De
Kruif, author of Microbe Hunters.

                                   Eli Colter.

immediate attention and invited his
initial efforts at vivisection and in-
vestigation. Before he was out of
grammar school his absorption cen-
tered on smaller objects of animal
life, and ever smaller. The ultimate
focus of his ambition was inevitable.

  At school his playmates shrank
from him and shunned him. He was
dubbed “queer,” the word that is
anathema and taboo to the average
person of normal tastes, pursuits and
desires. Carrying within him the
hot white flame of genius, he, like
all geniuses, paid the heavy price for
that genius and walked alone. His
father laughed at his nonsense, pre-
dicted that he’d get over it, and let
it go at that. He was still laughing
at it when he died the day before the
frail boy’s tenth birthday.. But Saul’s
mother, a somber silent woman hag-
ridden by a 'secret horror, watched
748

WE1KD TALES

her son covertly and wondered what
.star was set in his forehead. She
made no mistake, she knew the star
was there. She knew he had been
bom for great things and that his
father’s laughter had never touched
him; though it had whetted her own
sharp belief, allayed the sting of her
nagging fears as a counter-irritant
dulls the pain in a running sore. She
stared into Saul’s enormous eyes, and
believed.

  When he graduated from grammar
school, delicate, erratic, shunned and
queer, and told her that he wanted
to take a course in chemistry and
bacteriology, she spent all her small
income and what remained of his
father’s savings to see him through.
She flaunted her belief, in a silence
that he penetrated and for which he
was grateful, and for which he gave
her silence in return. She gave him
all she had, not yet dreaming the way
his feet should go. When he had fin-
ished his course, she sold three-quar-
ters of the land his father had left
them, took the proceeds and helped
him build a great barn of a labora-
tory in an isolated grove in the cen-
ter of their remaining ten acres. Next
to the laboratory they set up a four-
roomed house to serve as living quar-
ters.

  At the age of twenty-five Saul
Blauvette had developed into a
nervous pocket-edition of a man
bursting with energy; an obscure
bug-chaser who spent his time pot-
tering over several tables in his bam
of a laboratory, fussing with number-
less bottles and flasks filled with mi-
crobes of every description, flitting
back and forth between two precious,
powerful microscopes — the most
powerful obtainable. His mother, a
full head taller than he, shifted si-
lently like a gaunt shadow from room
to room of the adjoining living
building, sometimes drifting into the
laboratory, respectfully watching her
strange changeling with wondering

eyes, waiting for the star in his fore-
head to take shape and shine. Saul
worshiped her in silence.

  He gave little thought to any other
human being. For a time. Then he
began to think intensely of all human
beings. The star began to take shape.
In the beginning his interest in mi-
crobes had been born of, incited and
urged by a curiosity that craved
cognizance of all minute forms of
life.. But along with the fascinating
studies of chemistry and bacteriology
he had learned the names of Pasteur,
Koch and all that royal vanguard of
adventurers. He had seen the record
of service accomplished for mankind,
service rendered by men who fought
hideous forms of disease to free the
world from horrible menace. And
into the very huge heart that pumped
and thumped in Saul Blauvette’s
very small body there was bom a
mighty longing to go onward in the
footsteps of those other valiant men
of science, to follow in the wake of
those who had achieved triumph in
battle with horror and death. His
mother, looking into the enormous
slate-gray eyes, saw the swift rising
glow of that inner genius-torch and
knew that the star in his forehead
had begun to shine.

 Among the few who had not
shunned him, who had looked through
the all but repellent crust surround-
ing him and seen the potentialities of
the man inside, was old Doc Whittly,
their family physician for twenty
years. In Whittly’s unchanging at-
titude of cordial friendliness, in his
atmosphere of unspoken understand-
ing, Saul sensed the existence of an
ally waiting only the moment of
emergency and need to reveal itself.
When the star began to shine and
Saul found himself at the crossways,
his feet stayed for lack of definitive
knowledge concerning the horrors
that rode the world, he went to old
Doc Whittly.
THE DARK CHRYSALIS

740

It was an epochal conversation
that ensued. It was the beginning
of a magnificent dream, a ghastly
pursuit leading down a gruesome
trail. It was born in words: couched
in Saul’s comical polyglot of ideal-
istic English, modern slang and pep-
pery curse-words, and in the doctor’s
slow dignified technism.

  “I’m going after microbes in ear-
nest, Doc,” Saul announced, bustling
into Whittly’s office and sitting down
gingerly on the edge of a chair, with
the aiv of a man holding himself in
readiness to spring to his feet, fearful
that the chair underneath him might
suddenly give way. He peered at
the doctor with his huge and solemn
eyes as he began firing a series of
questions. “What disease most men-
aces the world today? What disease
entails more pain, horror and fear
than any other? What disease could
I attack and conquer by which I
would render the greatest service to
society at large? What disease causes
more hell than all the rest put to-
gether?”

  “Cancer.” Whittly’s answer was
instantaneous. He held his silence
for a moment, studying Saul intent-
ly, as might a man facing something
he has long expected, yet taken un-
awares; remembering the length of
the young scientist’s lonely, queerly-
assorted life. He recalled the things
he secretly had predicted Saul might
some day accomplish, as he added
slowly: “In my opinion cancer is the
biggest menace that exists today, for
a number of reasons. But it isn’t
caused by microbes of any sort—so
that lets you out.”

  “So?” Saul moved restlessly on
the edge of his chair. “What does
cause it, then?”

  “Nobody knows.” Whittly shook
his head. “Men have been speculat-
ing on that question for two thou-
sand years, and have been actively
trying to determine the answer for
over a hundred years.”

  “Well, if you don’t know what
causes it, how do you know it isn’t
microbes?” Saul demanded.

  “It just isn’t.” Whittly smiled
slightly at Saul’s retort. “There are
no microbes about it. Better men
than you and I have determined that.
Sciu.1 * ^

  “I don’t believe it.” Saul slid
back an inch on his chair and ruffled
his lank dun-colored hair with nerv-
ous fingers. “I believe all disease is
caused by microbes, without excep-
tion. But I’ve never studied diseases
much. All I’ve studied is bugs. And
I got to reading about those marvel-
ous fellows who went gunning for
disease, just because they got started
fiddling with bugs—like me. They
were genius-men, Doc!”

  “They were!” Whittly agreed.
“They certainly were! The saga of
the microbe-Runters is a great saga! ’ ’

  “You bet your sweet life!” Saul
moved out perilously near the edge
of his chair, aflame with enthusiasm,
his bursting energy evidencing itself
in drumming fingers that could not
lie still. He broke into a torrent of
excited, eulogistic speech that
brought a look half of amusement,
half of astonishment, to Whittly’s
face. “It’s like a fairy-tale. It
started away back in the Seventeenth
Century when crazy old Antony
Leeuwenhoek was born in Delft, Hol-
land. He was the first of them. He
took the first step on the glory trail
for the saving of mankind—by bugs!
He made the first complicated lenses
and microscopes. How he loved ’em!
But Pasteur was the real explorer,
the real vanguard, though others
went bet'oi’e him.”

  “Yes, you’re right. He was.”
Whittly nodded, his eyes deep and
brooding.

  “You’re damn tootin’ I’m right!”
Saul bounced to his feet and began
pacing back and forth in front of the
doctor. “Look at what he started!
Look at the men who trailed after
750

WEIRD

TALES

him. God Almighty, what a crew!
Cheek ’em up ! Koch knocked cholera
for a goal and handed T. B. an aw-
ful wallop. Half-paralyzed, Pasteur
slugged hydrophobia right in the
face. Behring and Roux knocked
diphtheria cold, with Loeffler to lead
them on. Yersin croeked the black
death.. Dave Bruce showed the sleep-
ing sickness where to get oif. Ross
and Grassi solved the malaria mys-
tery. Walter Reed swatted the yel-
low fever. Jenner showed smallpox
the way out. Ehrlich tried six hun-
dred and six formulas before he
found the one to tame syphilis. And
all with bugs! Lord, what a crew]’’

  “Yes,” Whittly agreed softly.
“Yesl”

   People haven’t an even break,
Doc!” Saul paused in front of the
elder man and leaned toward him
with fanatical eyes. * ‘ The water they
drink, the food they eat, even the air
they breathe is full of invisible mi-
crobes, swimming and wriggling and
floating around, just waiting to get
into somebody and kill him off. I—
listen! I read about that woman
who brought her boy to Pasteur—the
first human being into whom Pasteur
ever injected his serum, you know.
And the boy was bitten in fourteen
places by a mad dog, and the other
doctors said he had to die horribly.
Bx;t Pasteur was brave enough to
take the chance. He shot his hydro-
phobia serum into him—and the kid
wasn’t even sick! I read that, I tell
you, and I—cried. Don’t you dare
laugh! ’ ’

  “I’m not,” Whittly denied, look-
ing away; “so—so did I.”

  “Well, don’t you see?” Saul
threw himself into the chair he had
vacated, drawing it elose, facing
Whittly. “I’ve got to do something
for people. What good does it ac-
complish for me to go studying all
about microbes and experimenting
with them unless I do something for
people? Unless I give them eseape?”

  “Escape?” Whittly frowned, puz-
zled.

  “Exactly! To me, Doe, the only
men who were ever great were those
men who gave the people of the
world just one thing—escape! I
don’t care how the world labels him,
no man was ever great to me unless
he gave the people escape. And the
quality of his greatness is measured
by the quantity of his contribution.
Think it over.”

  “Escape!” Whittly repeated, star-
ing into the enormous slate-gray eyes,
held by their flaring light. “You’ve
got some funny ideas, Saul!”

  “I don’t give a rap how funny
they are, so long as they are ideas—
and have an L tacked onto the end
of them!” Saul jumped to his feet
and began pacing again, waving his
arms and talking so swiftly that his
words tumbled over his tongue in
their eagerness to get themselves said.
“Every man or woman who ever
gave the world the least avenue of
escape had his or her share of great-
ness. Why, look! Even Henry Ford
—he gave the people a cheap ear, and
thereby many a day of beauty and
rest and change they’d never have
had but for him. He gave them es-
cape from the bondage of monotony,
and that makes him great. ’ ’

  “Henry Ford!” Whittly ejacu-
lated. “Saul, you are crazy!”
“Thanks. I’d hate to be sane!”
Saul made a sweeping gesture". “If
I’m crazy I’m in magnificent com-
pany ! I’m with the fellows who gave
the world escape! Take the great
and sift them down. Shakespeare and
Masefield give the people escape from
ugliness. Fritz Kreisler and Beetho-
ven give them escape from the ter-
rible silence of their own thoughts.
Such as Anatole France give them
eseape from pettiness. Christ gives
them escape from dread of that
futile, impotent thing—six feet of
dirt and the last handful of dust.
Have you noticed that big Corot in
THE DARK CHRYSALIS

751

my dirty laboratory? He gives men
escape from environment. Every day
I walk the bank of that peace-swept
river.. Yet these eyes shall never see
any such river—only the one Corot
gave me. And Pasteur—Pasteur
gives them escape from fear! What’s
finer than to give them escape from
fear?"

  "Nothing,” Whittly answered
slowly, staring into Saul’s face.
"Nothing. I really suspect that giv-
ing them escape from anything is
rather beautiful.”

  Saul’s great eyes blazed. “You
give a human being escape from the
fears that hem him in,” he said,
“and he’ll go a mighty long way!”
He wheeled and strode across the
room, standing over the old doctor.
“All I know is bugs. What I do I’ve
got to do with bugs. And some of
them are so unbelievably microscopic
that you can hardly find them with
the most powerful lens. I want to do
what Pasteur did! I want to fight
bugs with bugs and give my people
escape from fear!”

  “Your people?” Whittly started.
“Your people?”

  “Aye, my people!” Suddenly Saul
straightened and stood very still. His
flaming eyes were black with the
brooding stare of a man who stares
into eternity. His voice dropped from
its high cry, caught and hung on a
somber throbbing note, like a fathom-
less pidse of melody. “My people!
What did Kipling say? ‘The people,
Lord, Thy people, are good enough
for me.’ That’s me. My people. All
the people. I make no discrimina-
tions. The brave, the bad, the bril-
liant, the brainless. Just people. Just
humans. Humans hurting, and want-
ing, and striving, and fearing. My
people! Doc—tell me this!” Saul
again threw himself into the chair
facing Whittly, his eyes smoldering,
and his voice rose in eager demand.
“Are people afraid of cancer?”
"Are they afraid of it? Lord,

man, I’d say you didn’t know much
about disease!” Whittly roused,
alive with his own long interest in
that subject. “Look here, Saul. I’ll
show you just how afraid they are!
There are certain definite conditions
known to precede cancer, it’s always
possible to apprehend it, and taken in
its early stages nine times out of ten
it’s curable. But people are appal-
lingly ignorant about it; they are too
frightened over it to investigate, to
ascertain its action and learn to
watch for the danger signals. They
think cancer is equivalent to a death
sentence. They won’t even go to a
doctor at the appearance of the first
signs—they’re afraid he’ll say it’s
cancer. And they shiver in fear, and
hug their horror to their hearts, till
it’s too late—and they die. And the
world continues to consider it a death
sentence, and the fear grows. If we
could only educate them to under-
stand—to be wise and understand

and take it in time-”

  “You never can,” Saul cut in curt-
ly.. * ‘ There will always be a majority
of minds too lacking in the fine points
of intelligence to realize the value of
early diagnosis. There will always
be thousands and tens of thousands
you can’t possibly educate to that
standard. But those thousands can
get cancer and shiver in fear and

suffer and die and-”

  "That’s just the trouble!” Whitt-
ly interrupted excitedly. “They’re
crazed with fear over it! Bound up

in fear-”

  “The dark chrysalis!” Saul cried,
his slate-gray eyes black with sudden
emotion. “The dark chrysalis! I’ve
found it!”

  “What are you talking about?”
Whittly asked sharply.

  “Fear.” Saul leaned forward and
looked somberly into the doctor’s
face. “Fear is the dark chrysalis. I
wanted to find some disease that so
wrapped the human race in fear that
752

WEIRD TALES

they were like a pupa in a eocoon—
helpless in their dark chrysalis.”
“Well, you’ve found it, all right,”
Whittly admitted grimly. He stared
at Saul with new eyes: was the sap-
ling man mad or genius? “If the
human race was ever helplessly
bound up in anything, it is helpless-
ly bound up in its fear of cancer.
And the only way it will ever come
out of that fear is by a widespread
campaign of instruction concerning

the early stages-”

  “You’re wrong!” Saul interrupt-
ed. “What about the tens of thou-
sands? No. Cancer itself has got
to be conquered! And the medical
profession will never do it alone.
Some guy like me will meddle along,
like Pasteur with his mad dogs, and
stumble onto it as he stumbled onto
the cure for hydrophobia. And I’m
going to be that man! I’ve found
my quest! There isn’t anything in
this world wreaks so enormous a
havoc as fear. The dark chrysalis!
And I’m going to break it open.. I’m
going to bring it out into the light!”

Whittly stared. Mad? Genius?
By the grace of God, both. Saul
sat back in his chair, abruptly cool,
calculating, the man of science prob-
ing into dark places. The flaming
light in his eyes and on his face sank
to a cold, steady glow—the glow of
the star in his forehead, which had
begun to shine unwaveringly and
should never cease. He began ask-
ing preconsidered, well-weighed ques-
tions, listening intently to the old
doctor’s concise, comprehensive an-
swers. He began with this: “How
many kinds of cancer are there?”
“Not many.” Whittly breathed a
sigh of relief. This cool atmosphere
of technical investigation suited him
better. He had been bewildered,
shaken by Saul’s tense wildness.
Now he gave his whole attention to
the business of answering the seeker
after knowledge as lucidly and terse-

ly as possible. “There are the scir-
rhus or hard cancer, the encephaloid
or soft cancer, and the epithelial.
The scirrhus has much fiber and( not
so many cells, grows slowly, spreads
and ulcerates. Appears most often
in breasts or internal organs. The
encephaloid is just the opposite in
structure, has many cells and less
fiber. The things look like brains.
That’s what encephaloid means, any-
way. That’s the kind called acute
cancer. Grows with astounding rapid-
ity. Attacks most frequently internal
organs and limbs. The epithelial is
full of cells like the cells in your
skin. Comes on the skin and mucous
membranes—like your lip. What
else can I tell you?”

  “Does it get one sex more than
the other? What ages suffer from it
most ? ’ ’

  ‘ ‘ It kills far more women than
men,” Whittly replied, stifling a
sigh. “Men know it most in internal
organs—stomach, liver, intestines—
after that lip and tongue. Women it
most often attacks in the breast, and
in less degree in the same organs in
which it attacks men. It’s the dis-
ease of age. People from 65 to 75
are ten times more susceptible than
those from 35 to 45.”

  “That’s the worst thing you’ve
said yet!” Saul cut in. “Women
have enough to suffer. Trite—but
true. And taking people off just
when they’ve begun to learn how to
live. Another angle there. To help
the old live on! But give me some-
thing more definitive, Doe. Don’t you
know anything about it ? How it
works, for instance?”

  “Oh, we know how it works, right
enough!” Whittly nodded grimly.
‘ ‘ It’s some kind of tumorous growth:
a lot of little cells massed together in
a kind of milky juice we call cancer
juice. It’s all chugged up together
in a pretty dense fibrous framework.
Doesn’t have any well-defined limits.
Just starts and grows and eats up all
THE DARK CHRYSALIS

753

the textures in its vicinity. Spreads
by the lymphatics and the veins. And
the cells that multiply so o-b-normally
are apparently normal cells. That’s
the baffling thing.’’

  “Well, what are those cells? What
makes them act that way?”

  “Yes! You tell us!” Whittly’s
laugh was good-naturedly ironic.
“That’s what you’re going to find
out, I believe. Nobody knows, man!”
“But haven’t they worked out
any theories?” Saul’s cool, analjsti-
cal mind probed on, ignoring the
doctor’s jeer.

  “Theories!” Whittly snorted.

4	‘ Theories, hypotheses, suppositions
and deductions! That’s all they have
accomplished. They’ve exhausted
every idea you could possibly ad-
vance—and they’ve got nowhere. It
isn’t hereditary. It isn’t contagious.
Neither believed so nor proven so. It
isn’t a blood disease. That’s the
damnable thing about it. They don’t
know what it is! They only know
that something malignant, corroding,
putrefying, gets into that bunch of
cells and eats, eats, eats into the liv-
ing flesh. Saul, did you ever see any-
one with cancer?” It was Whittly
who was getting excited now. He sat
erect, his eyes alive with the hideous
thing he was visioning.

  “No.” Saul shook his head, lean-
ing toward the old doctor, electrified
by a thrill of repulsion at something
in Whittly’s tone. “I never did. It
must be ghastly.”

  ‘ ‘ Ghastly! It’s horrible! Think
of it, man! A creeping menace we
can’t define, of which we can’t de-
termine the origin, fastening itself
on a human body, in human vital or-
gans, eating into the living flesh,
making of a living, breathing body a
loathsome, stinking, putrefying abom-
ination! And we can’t stop it!
Everything we’ve ever tried is help-
less before its insidious, crawling
erosion. X-ray and radium have been
known to benefit and even cure iso-

lated cases. Yet the X-ray failed.
Acted crazily. Benefited some cases,
aggravated others. Too experimental
and risky at best. Radium isn’t
proved of any particular use yet.
Little to work with in the first place,
too few know how to use it skilfully,
its value is yet undetermined. May
never prove a real cure—only useful
in treatment,. There isn’t any medi-
eine that will cure it, that’s sure!
Oh, they’ve got up a lot of fake cures,
pastes, poultices, drugs—and they
manufacture testimonials for them
by the carload lots. But they’re all
bunk, Saul! All we can do is cut it
out—cut out the loathsome eating
thing. But we’ve got to get it in
time, or even that’s futile. It comes
back and starts eating somewhere
else!”

 “My God, what a gruesome pic-
ture you paint!” Saul said sharply.

  “I don’t paint it half as horrible
as it is!” Whittly shuddered involun-
tarily. “Good God, man, if you’d
seen them as I’ve seen them! There’s
your poor humans hurting—and
wanting—and striving—and fearing!
Crazed with fear! Begging you with
insane eyes and breaking voices to
save them when you’d give your
right arm to and can’t! And the dis-
ease grows appallingly! The latest
statistics show an increase of about
2y2 per cent more cases a year! Two
and a half more per cent of people
every year attacked by that malig-
nant creeping death—stunned with
fear, dying—no cure-”

  “They’ll never find the cure till
they find the cause! ’ ’ Saul interrupt-
ed, the light of the flaming star again
blazing in his enormous eyes.
“There’s a microbe, I tell you!”

 ‘‘Maybe,’’ Whittly conceded,
doubtfully. “God knows. No germ
capable of causing cancer has ever
been demonstrated. If you’re right
and there is one, that makes the pic-
ture all the more ghastly! To think
that there may be some minute grisly
754

WEIRD TALES

bug in your flesh, and we can’t find
it—and it eats away the living tissue,
eats till-”

A choking gasp halted Whittly’s
almost frenzied speech, and both
men turned quickly to see the doc-
tor’s office girl standing just inside
the door, carrying to the cabinet by
the wall some cleanly boiled instru-
ments. Both Saul and Whittly had
been so engrossed that they had
failed to hear the door open. The
girl had stood there in frozen silence,
listening to Whittly’s rising voice,
till the horror of what he was saying
wrung from her lips the gasp that
had interrupted the doctor’s speech.

  Whittly caught himself into calm-
ness and control, as the girl stam-
mered an apology, "I—I beg your
pardon. I just stepped into the room
to return these-”

  "No apology necessary, Helene.
Mr. Blauvette and I just got talking
pretty heatedly about my pet horror.
This is Saul Blauvette—I’ve told you
a lot about him. Miss Kinkaid, Saul.
She’s a new addition to my office.
Just took her in last month. I’ve
been telling you Saul would do some-
thing great with his bugs, some day,
Helene. He—well, he’s going to
tackle cancer!"

  "You’re right I am!” Saul turned
his enormous eyes upon the girl who
stood still in the doorway, watching
his face. She nodded an acknowl-
edgment of the introduction, but
Saul ignored it, blazing again with
excitement. He sprang to his feet,
ran his hand backward over his lank
hair, and took a step toward the girl.
"I’m going to find the microbe. I’m
going to solve the mystery of those
wildly erratic cells!"

 “If you could solve that!"
Helene’s face paled, her eyes lit with
the potential might of such a discov-
ery. It flashed on Saul that there
was no doubt of him in her exclama-
tion. It was as though she had said,

“For the saving of the world—a
master has come!” And that strange
man looked into her wide brown eyes
and gave her his heart, his immeas-
urable capacity for glory, and his
vehement allegiance. She believed!
She looked back into his enormous
eyes, and spoke again, under her
breath. “Oh—if you could do that!
Think what it would mean to the
world! ’ ’

  “I’m going to do it!” Saul’s great
eyes glowed as phosphorus glows in a
pitch-black night. He leaned toward
the girl and Whittly looked on dum-
i'ounded at the thing that flashed be-
tween the little scientist and Helene
Kinkaid. “You’ve shown me the
way. You believe in me, don’t you?
All I’ve got to do is believe in my-
self!”

  “And God,” Helene whispered.
“Man does all things—through
God.”

  “I don’t know much about God.”
Saul’s speech slowed. “I believe—
but I guess I’ve just gotten away
from Him, I’ve given my life to
bugs. I’ve given my life to some-
thing else lately. To people—all my
people. And now I’ve given my life
to a third thing. To you! All that I
am, or have, or ever hope to be—
something to bring and lay in the
palm of your hand, and say—‘This
is for you. I did this for you!’
You’ve shown me the way. You be-
lieved! I shall give my people es-
cape from fear of death and pain—
and cancer! I’ll find that microbe,
and perfect some way of killing it!”

  “You’ve certainly picked yourself
a job, Saul,” Whittly’s voice cut in,
striving to level the swirling atmos-
phere that caught him by the throat,
striving to bring coolness by half-
jesting words, to a sudden vibration
of burning thought that shook the
room, and him.

  “That’s what I want!” Saul re-
torted vehemently, wheeling to face
THE DARK CHRYSALIS

755

the ' doctor, raising clenched fists
above his head. Whittly shook, dazed
anew at the flame in the young scien-
tists face. And Saul blazed on: “I
know what you think, Doc! You
think I’m on the trail of an unattain-
able ideal! You’re wrong. There"
isn’t anything unattainable in the
end! It’s the pursuit of the unat-
tainable ideal that leads us to the
heights. Before—I might have failed.
I might have lacked the last pound
of incentive to drive me on. I can’t
fail now!” He stopped short, liter-
ally leaped across the room and
snatched the girl’s hands, instru-
ments and all, leaning forward to
gaze into her eyes, on a level with his
own, *‘I’ve got her! See, Helene!
For you I Would go to the sun! For
you I’ll find and conquer that mi-
crobe! There will be no more deaths
by cancer! The world will shed its
fear of a vanquished menace! I
shall break open the dark chrysalis
and lead them into the light! For
you! God—God must be coming
close to me again. He sent you. To
God—my gratitude! I love you.”

  He bent over her hands, held them
close together, against his forehead,
then in one swift movement he moved
them to crush them against his lips,
dropped them, wheeled, caught up
his hat and darted out the door.

  The girl stood like one stricken,
staring after him. Dumb. Whittly
stared, too, moveless in his chair, till
he found his tongue and blurted out
baldly, “Crazy—crazy as a loon, bat-
ty—mad as a March hare!”

  “He’s not!” Helene’s voice rose
in an exultant cry of defense. “He’s
magnificent! My God, what a
dream! ’ ’

  Whittly sat motionless, his gaze on
Helene Kinkaid, and something quiv-
ered in the air about her like a living
energy. The old doctor repeated
after her, shaken, dazed, “Yes—my
God—What a dream!”

Saul rushed home and whirled into
the house adjoining the labora-
tory. His gaunt and silent mother
rose to her feet and peered down into
his face as he halted before her. She
listened in silence as he poured out a
torrent of flaming, incoherent words.

  “Mother! I know what I’m going
to do! I’m going to conquer can-
cer!” Cancer! The word shot
through her like a flame, leaving her
cold and rigid, staring transfixed into
his enormous eyes as he raced on.
“Whittly—Whittly told me. God—
what a hideous picture he drew—
something eating, eating, eating into
the living flesh. He said that. He
made me see it. He made me see the
whole world—flaccid in fear of a
creeping crawling menace no one can
discover nor stay! I ?m going to stop
it! I’m going to find the microbe
that causes it, I’m going to save the
world! ’ ’

  His mother made no move, spoke
no word. She was stricken dumb
with the abrupt raising of her own
secret horror and a wild, surging
hope. For all his incoherency there
was about him a new one-pointed
driving purpose, a crystallization of
effort into a given channel. She knew
that the star in his forehead was
shining clear. She saw, too. She saw
the long black trail upon which his
feet were unalterably set; a trail
bloody and strewn with horrors,
winding through welters of sten„ch
and putrefying flesh—but she did
not flinch. She was made of stern
stuff.

  “And—there was a girl!” Saul’s
voice dropped to an awed, somber
throb. “There is a girl. She’s work:
ing in Whittly’s office. That’s im-
material. She’s mine! She came to
help me on—to guide my feet, to
flagellate my heart when my will
grows weary. It will grow weary, I
know that. It will be a long and bit-
ter fight. But I’ll have Helene—I’ll
have.you! It may take me all my
756

WEIRD TALES

life! But I can’t fail! There’s—
Helene! ’ ’

  He whirled and went racing into
the laboratory, and his mother stood
dumbly gazing after him. For a
long while she stood utterly still, her
eyes on the doorway where he had
disappeared. A girl! Saul—and a
girl. She hadn’t thought there would
ever be girls in Saul’s life. Girls—
no, one. A girl. Saul—the kind to
give to one all he had. Helene. There
wouldn’t be any other. Her thought
swerved from this Helene to her son
and the thing he had sworn to do.

  Slowly she turned and went to
stand before a mirror and stare into
her own face. Two in her family
had died of cancer of the liver, for
which there is no aid and no salva-
tion. She lived daily companion of
a hideous fear that in time the grue-
some horror must claim her also.
Cancer. Deadly, terrifying, a loath-
some thing crawling upon her. She
shivered. Saul had never known.
Saul must not know. But she bit her
lip between her teeth, and prayed.
In the waxing light of the star set
upon her son’s forehead she dreamed
in her somber silent soul that there
might be born a cure for her bodily
danger and her mental crazing fear.

Saul’s first step toward his colossal
undertaking was to seek out two
men as associates and co-workers. He
used his own peculiar methods for
finding those men. He said good-bye
to his mother and Helene Kinkaid,
then he started on his quest. He
went to some three hundred students
of chemistry and bacteriology, took
them aside and propounded to each
four identical questions, without pre-
ceding his questions by explanation
or preface of any kind. Some laughed
at him. Some surlily dismissed him.
Some went into long and elaborate
elucidation. Some stared and edsed
warily away from him, judging him
wildly insane. Only two understood

him instantly. Only two answered
in the manner in which he wished to
be answered, proving themselves the
men he sought; men with capacity
for ideals and dreams, men with dis-
cernment, men who knew no reluc-
tance for the drudgery of an eternal
pursuit. And those two, in different
words, said in gist exactly the same
thing.

  Saul asked: “What do you think?”
Henry Arn replied quietly, * ‘ Enough
to fill an encyclopedia.” John Cloud
said with slow emphasis, “More than
I could tell if I talked for twenty
years.”

  Saul asked: “What do you be-
lieve ? ’ * Henry Arn smiled as he said,
“Not so much.” John Cloud’s eyes
twinkled as he voiced his words,
“Not enough to shout about.”

  Saul asked: “What do you know?”
Henry Arn retorted grimly, “Still
less!” John Cloud shrugged and re-
plied, “Nothing.”

  Then Saul asked like a shot:
“What do you wantf’’ Henry Am
sighed and shook his head, but he
spoke two words, “To do.” John
Cloud looked away somewhere into
space and answered, “To give.”

  When Saul Blauvette went back to
his barn of a laboratory, with its
dusty, dirty, broken-glass-cluttered
tables, wearied with his long search
and eager to begin the business of ac-
tive campaign against cancer, he took
with him two willing and intensely
interested assistants—John Cloud
and Henry Arn. His gaunt mother
received them and spread their
evening meal, searching the faces of
these new men, satisfying herself
that they were at least partly worthy
to work with her son of the star.

  In the dusty cluttered laboratory
Saul made room for dozens of animal
cages of all sizes, ranging from a
mouse cage to a monkey cage. He
bought pair after pair of beasts; rab-
bits, guinea-pigs, white rats, and
three monkeys; caught endless mice
THE DARK CHRYSALIS

757

and rats and installed them in those
cages. He worried and fussed and
spluttered about till he had the place
more cluttered than ever before, but
containing easily all his cages and
some hundred-odd animals for ex-
perimental purposes. •

  There is this for the spirit of Saul
Blauvette and the magnitude of his
dream. Not once did John Cloud,
who was fastidious, nor Henry Arn,
who was meticulous, both of them
used to order and methodical neat-
ness in their own deserted spotless
workrooms in far places, ever even
notice the shambles of the laboratory
into which they had come to spend
their lives in the pursuing of a monu-
mental ideal. They saw only and al-
ways the living soul of the thing Saul
Blauvette had sworn to do; the soul
that challenged them to ever coun-
tenance discouragement, to ever fail
of less proportionate effort than he.

  Saul’s first reckless gesture was to
destroy the multitude of microbes liv-
ing and increasing from moment to
moment in the numberless flasks and
bottles about his tables and shelves.
He boiled them for hours to make
their death certain, and buried them
in a hole in the grove back of the
laboratory. Over them, when the
hole was filled and no one was about
to observe him, he said a wild pagan
rite. The minute beasts had served
their purpose; had satisfied and
whetted his curiosity; had lured him
on to more soaring heights, heights
of an infinitude too vast for most men
to conceive. They must be honored,
but they must go. They went.

  Then the small man with the great
dream carried his flasks back to the
laboratory by the armfuls, took brief
leave of his mother, John Cloud and
Henry Arn, and rushed away from
the grove to seek old Doe Whittly
and Helene. He hurried into the
doctor’s office and leaned over his
desk, and Helene came swiftly from
the inner rooms to look into his enor-

mous eyes and find how the dream
fared. Saul gripped her hands
hungrily, and Whittly smiled up at
him. The principal subject of con-
versation between the doctor and
Helene of late had been Saul’s tri-
umphant return with two such men
as Cloud and Arn.

  "Helene, I’m ready to begin my
active campaign. The stage is all set.
I’ve collected something like a hun-
dred and thirty animals, but—Doc! ’ ’
He turned to Whittly with an an-
noyed frown, "I haven’t managed to
get one afflicted with cancer. To find
the cancer microbe, I’ve goT to have
cancer tissue. Can’t you help me
out ?’ ’

  “Yes—I think I can. Sit down,
Saul." Whittly gestured toward a
chair, and Saul sat down on the edge
of it, drawing Helene to a seat beside
him, running his fingers nervously
over her wrist, waiting. “I have a
patient with cancer of the tongue—
he also has cancer of the cheek and
lip. God, man!—the poor old chap’s
a hideous sight. He’s-pitiful, crawl-
ing with fear from the soul out. I
can’t help him—it’s too late.. He’s
gotten a little crazed over it, and he
keeps jabbering about all the other
poor devils who are doomed the
way he is. He—oh, he’s a terrible
sight! Can’t last long. Yesterday
he was in. You saw him, Helene."

  “Yes." Helene shuddered, shrink-
ing up against Saul. “You mean
that you’re-?’’

  ‘ ‘ Exactly, ’ ’ Whittly interrupted.
“He wants me to give his body to
some hospital carrying on a cancer
research department, Saul. Instead,
I’ll give it to you. Poor devil! He
makes me ache. He wants so to live,
and he’s got to die. Good God, Saul
—if you can do this thing! You’re
so sure—and Helene believes in you
so utterly! It’s almost as though
there were something from some
other world reaching down to tell her
—even I have begun to hope."
WEIRD TALES

 “Do more than hope, man! Be-
lieve!” Saul rose from his chair, still
gripping ITelene’s hand. For a
moment he stood, staring into her
face, then he bent and kissed her
swiftly and turned toward the door.
He paused once to add a halting sen-
tence: “Doc—it’s a grisly thing to
say. But I’ve got to get to work.
You’ll let me know—as soon—as soon

  “As soon as he passes,” Helene’s
voice finished the stumbling words.

  “I will.” Whittly bowed his head
gravely in a gesture of assent.

  Saul stared back at Helene, his eyes
flaming with their wild light, then he
was gone.

  He went back to his laboratory and
told his gaunt fear-ridden mother,
and Cloud and Arn, that the great
campaign was under way. With an
angry surge of rebellion in his heart,
against those unseen forces that prey
upon men and torture them with pain
and fear, cause them decay and
death, he cried at Arn; “And we’ve
got to wait till the old man dies.
What a hellish thing! We have to
wait while he writhes in fear and suf-
fers and dies, so that we can conquer
through his corrupted flesh the
source of the evil and save other men
from like horror. Wait—wait—sit
around waiting for a man to die! But,
by God, we won’t sit around! we’ll
do something!”

  “What?” Cloud asked curtly.

 “Set to work and develop some
cancers of our own—on those beasts
of ours, by the process of irritation.
Come on, let’s get to work!”

npHEY took four guinea-pigs, three
-*■ rats and six mice, and upon their
sensitive bellies painted a round spot
the size of the largest proportionate
free area; painted them with soot and
tar, stinging oils and irritating gums.
The little brutes wriggled and
squealed, and Saul, in his pity for
their pain and the pity for the neces-

sity of it, put out of his mind the
thought of the old man dying of can-
cer. He set his attention savagely
upon the squirming rats, mice and
guinea-pigs, while Cloud and Arn
stood at his elbow and painted tar
and oils at his directions, and his
mother shifted like a somber shadow
in the living rooms next the labora-
tory.

  Every day and twice a day he and
his men painted the spots on the
animals’ bellies with the noxious sub-
stances, and time went by. A month
slid by, and Saul broke away from
the laboratory for a white hour with
Ilelene, but never once to her nor
to Whittly did he mention the old
man with cancer. Inarticulately
Whittly understood and kept his
own grim silence. He knew Saul’s
thoughts, and quivered at their im-
port. Waiting for a man to die. An
old man, who need not have died so
soon. An old man crushed under a
horror that was worse than his pain.
Waiting. Hideous business. Neces-
sary business. Waiting for an old
man to die and be cut up and run
through a microscope.

  And Saul went back to the labora-
tory, to pace furiously up and down
the long, stinking, cluttered room.
Talking an incoherent jumble of
words to himself. Trying to think
of Helene. Trying to keep the pic-
ture of a ghastly old face from com-
ing in between him and the vision of
her eyes. Pausing to examine guinea-
pigs, rats and mice. Shooting flaming
words at Henry Arn, listening to the
hypothesis of John Cloud. Trying to
forget the old man — trying not to
wish he would hurry up and die.
Shrinking at the persistent, bitter
urge that the old body was needed.
Horrible to wish a man would die, to
cheat him of even a day of ugly life.
Some old man with a terrible face.
A man whose very name he did not
know, did not want to know. Let him
remain so, unknown, obscure, an
THE DARK CHRYSALIS

759

anonymous gift of sacrificial rite to
the great cause of science.

  Waiting. Another month slid by.
Three months. Four. Months of mad
experimenting, flecked with hours of
pause glorified by Helene Kinkaid,
by her unwavering faith and words
to cheer him on. Months of welter-
ing work in the stinking laboratory.
And on the bellies of three guinea-
pigs, two rats and four mice small
warts began to appear. Feverishly
Saul and his co-workers continued to
apply the irritants, watching, wait-
ing. But they were no longer wait-
ing for an old man to die. They had
probably started some experimental
cancers of their own on the animals.
They waited for those cancers to de-
velop. They forgot all about the old
man. It was then the old man died.

 Whittly sent for Saul. Saul,
knowing what the summons meant,
took Cloud and Arn with him and
hurried to the doctor’s office, where
the doctor had taken the wasted,
disease-eaten body. They three stood
by Whittly and stared at the grue-
some thing that had been a man.
Stared at the ghastly putrid mass on
his cheek and lip, and forgot even that
they had waited for him to die. They
remembered only that they were
scientists and experimentalists, fol-
lowing in the wake of a gigantic vi-
sion. They remembered sharply that
because he had died a million others
might be saved the same awful end.
With Whittly’s aid they wrapped up
the body and under cover of the night
carried it to the laboratory.

  Whittly took one look at the long,
barnlike room, glanced at the sheet-
ed body on the table, bade them a
hasty good-night and turned his back
upon the ghoulish task that lay be-
fore them. Saul never even glanced
around as the door closed behind the
departing doctor and Arn leaned over
to lift the sheet from the still body.

  From then on through the night
the three scientists took little heed of

the hours marching toward the dawn.
They cut from the old man’s throat
the putrid remains of his tongue, and
from his cheek and lip the other can-
cerous growths. They dissected the
cancers into small pieces and put the
pieces in fifty small flasks. All but
one of the flasks they rendered air-
tight by fusing their necks in flame.
Then they washed their hands in
bichloride of mercury to kill clinging
menacing germs and began dissecting
the body. From each section of the
body, from hand to liver, omitting no
organ nor part, they took other
diminutive pieces of flesh and sealed
them in other flasks, while in the ad-
joining house Saul ’s mother lay white
and sleepless, shrinking at the knowl-
edge of the hideous work going on in
the laboratory. And away in her
white-walled room, knowing also,
Helene prayed. And both women kept
their eyes in blind faith on the star
set in Saul’s forehead.

Before daylight three grim scien-
tists buried what remained of
that nameless aged man whose sacri-
fice called to their highest efforts
through virtue of his agonies. Rever-
ently they buried him, saying over
.him a requiem of sadness for his
pain and a prayer that their seeming
desecration of his wretched flesh
should not be in vain. Then Saul led
the way back to the laboratory where
ninety-two flasks with their grisly
contents were littered over tables and
ehairs and shelves. The one flask not
sealed stood near one of the powerful
microscopes, ready for the first step
of investigation. Saul halted in front
of the microscope, staring at the
corked flask, and his hands trembled
as he pulled the cork, picked up a tiny
spun glass tube and sucked into it a
drop of cancer-juice from the flask.

  "Servetus was burned to death in
Geneva three hundred and seventy-
three years ago for just what we did
tonight," Am said soberly, thinking
WEIRD TALES

of the dissected body laid away under
the trees.

  Saul raised his head from his task
and glanced into Arn’s face with a
sudden startled sense of premonition.
Burned to death for cutting up the
body of a man. But that was cen-
turies ago. No longer were men
burned for advancing the cause of
science. This was the Twentieth Cen-
tury. Yet for a moment something
swept over him that made him shrink.
He felt that scorching heat of flame,
he heard the cries of an angry mob, he
breathed the choking gust of billow-
ing smoke, he visioned the great lab-
oratory eaten by lurid flames—a
mighty funeral pyre. He strove to
put the weird prescience from him,
as he stepped back and held up a
shaking hand, signaling John Cloud
to focus the lens. Cloud hesitated a
moment and looked sharply into
Saul’s eyes.

  ‘ ‘ What is it ? ” he asked quickly.

  “N—nothing.” Saul shook his
head. “It’s funny that Henry should
say that. Take a look at that thing,
will you, John?”

  Cloud frowned, glanced at Arn and
bent over the instrument. Saul
wheeled abruptly and began pacing
the floor, his face tense and colorless,
his eyes blazing. Why should that
chance remark of Henry Arn’s affect
him so? Maybe it was a warning.
They might cause some explosions in
the laboratory with all its inflammable
paraphernalia. He’d have to watch
out. He paused, as John Cloud
looked up from the microscope and
expended a deep breath.

  “What do you see?” he demanded.

  “Nothing.” Cloud shook his head.
“Simply nothing.”

  “But there is something!” Saul
whirled on Arn, his uncanny sense
of premonition swept away in the
eager interest that caught him. He
gestured toward the small glass tube.
“There must be something. Look,
Henry. You look.”

  Arn stepped to the table as Cloud
got out of his way, and sat down in
the chair Cloud had vacated. He
bent over the microscope and stared
intently through its mighty eye. But
no microbe of any size or description
met his searching gaze. No little
rods, no little wriggling corkscrews,
no tiny bulbs with fuzzy noses. He
raised his head and shrugged as he
rose to his feet.

  “No, I can’t see a tiling, Saul. I
don’t think there is anything to see.”
“There must be, I tell you!” Saul
frowned and rushed forward to push
him aside. “Do you say there is
nothing because you see nothing the
first time you look? Don’t be idiotic,
Henry. It may take us a year to find
it. Let me examine that tube.”
Cloud and Arn looked on silently
as the little scientist concentrated his
gaze through the lens, too powerful
to allow even the most minute sub-
visible microbe to escape unseen. He
stared long and silently, and Cloud
stirred in impatience.

 “Well—what do you find? There
isn’t anything, is there?”

  Saul made no response, but sat like
a statue, his eye glued to the lens,
seeking some tiny germ of death as
reward for their initial search. No
germ was visible there to him, any
more than it had been visible to Cloud
and Arn. There was nothing at all
in the milky cancer-juice to meet his
gaze. Grimly he held himself still,
searching, unwilling to believe that
there was no germ to see. Yet believe
he must, Nothing was there. He
blinked his eyes shut once, and looked
again. No, nothing. There were no
little oblong seeds with crinkly tails,
no little spider-like beasts with num-
berless hairy legs, no little crazy dots.
Nothing. He looked up from the lens
frowning, shaking his head. But the
gesture was one of negation merely,
it held no hint of discouragement or
impatience.
THE DARK CHRYSALIS

761

    "No, I don’t see anything,” he ad-
  mitted. "But that doesn’t say there
  is nothing to see. Perhaps we didn’t
  get any germs in that particular atom
  of fluid. Well, on with the dance!
  We’ll pulverize the tissue and put it
  all through the microscope, every
  drop in that flask. We’ll find that
  microbe if it’s the last thing we ever
  do!"

   John Cloud and Henry Arn nod-
 ded silent agreement, and roused
 themselves to renewed effort. They
 brought other test-tubes. They
 crushed the cancer fiber in the flask to
 a characterless pulp, flesh and juice,
 and drop by drop they ran it under
 the mighty lens. Nothing rewarded
 them. No visible microbe was there.
 By then it had passed the dawn, and
 . the three men were worn to nervous
 exhaustion. Saul abruptly corked the
 flask into which they had replaced
 the crushed portion of the cancer,
 washed his hands in bichloride of
 mercury and went into the adjoining
 house to lie down on his bed and
 strive for sleep. Cloud and Am fol-
 lowed his example. His mother, hear-
 ing his step, sighed deeply, turned
 over on her cool white sheet and
 closed her eyes. She slept deeply, but
 there was little sleep for the three
 men in the rooms beyond hers.

   At 1 in the afternoon Saul rose
 from his fitful inadequate rest and
 hurried into the laboratory, burned
 by the thing that eluded him, driven
 by his brain that shouted to know.
 John Cloud was there before him,
 wandering restlessly about the clut-
 tered room, examining' the cancers be-
 ginning to form on the bellies of the
 animals, waiting for Saul to come and
 renew the search. Saul greeted him
 with brusk tenseness and reached for
 one of the sealed flasks just as Henry
 Arn followed him into the laboratory.
 That day the three repeated their ef-
 fort to find some menacing organism
 of life in the first of the fifty cancer-
 filled sealed flasks. The result they

 achieved precisely paralleled that of
 the day before. Midnight found them
 replacing that second portion of can-
 cer in its flask and resealing it against
 a future day.

   The next day they opened the third
 flask, and the next day the fourth,
 and still the result was the same. No
 microbe showed of any kind in any
 place. So it went for fifty days.. For
 fifty days three valiant men search-
 ing after the germ of death pored
 over the microscopes, crushed the
 grisly pulp from the dead man’s
 tongue, lip and cheek, placed it bit by
 bit under the microscope, stared at it
 long and silently only to replace it in
 the flask from which they had taken
 it, knowing a baffled sense of failure
 and discouragement.

   Saul’s grim gaunt mother hovered
 in the background like a silent
 shadow, cooking their meals, watch-
 ing their haggard, fanatical eyes,
 hugging her secret horror and pray-
 ing her hopeless prayers. And she
 thought of Helene. Helene waited,
 dumb, apart.

  Had not John Cloud and Henry
Arn fed the rats, guinea-pigs, mon-
keys, rabbits and mice, the animals
would have died before their term of
usefulness was begun. Saul forgot
them completely. He was as a man
crazed. By the time they three had
examined and resealed the last of the
fifty flasks their brains were weary
with strain, their eyes red-rimmed
. with too much looking and too little
sleep, their hands were blackened
with bichloride of mercury and they
had discovered precisely nothing.

   "I’m going to submit the contents
 of one flask to blue aniline dye,”
 Saul announced, impatiently, with
 the air of a man angered at the thing
 that eluded him. He glanced about
 the dirty laboratory where the grisly
 flasks with their hidden ugly secret
 were scattered about in unorderly
 profusion. ‘ ‘ If that shows nothing
 we’ll try a porcelain strainer. It
762

WEIRD TALES

 may be that the cancer microbe is
 utterly invisible, colorless as water,
 and that the dye will bring it to light.
 We’ll try, anyhow. We’ll double up
 on it. I’ll use blue dye, Henry, and
 you and John use red. Damn it, we’re
 going to find that microbe!” Not
 once had he even thought of consid-
 ering that there might be no microbe.

  Henry Arn nodded his tired head
and set to work. He lighted an
alcohol lamp and prepared the dye,
while John Cloud for the second time
broke open a flask and brought for
their research a small part of the
crushed cancer pulp. In the very
dust of the laboratory hope and tense
interest vibrated as the three men
threw themselves into the new experi-
ment. Saul dyed pulp a bright blue,
while Cloud and Am dyed other pulp
a flaring scarlet. There was a
breathless hush over the cluttered
room when finally the dyed stuff
from the dead man’s tongue was
placed under the lenses. And three
men looked till their eyes ached and
their vision blurred, but it was as be-
fore. Nothing.

  “What in blazes are we going to
do now?” Cloud’s voice was harsh
with strain, and his haggard eyes de-
manded guidance of the man who had
instituted the wild soul-breaking
quest. “I can’t conceive of any man-
ner in which we can extend our
search save by the porcelain of which
you spoke. My God, Saul—any
microbe ought to show up in some
fashion, unless it’s so utterly minute
it can’t be seen.”

  He got up from the table as he
spoke, removing with an idle hand
the small glass rod from the red dye.
As he did so, one drop of the crimson
fluid dropped on the small portion
of blue-dyed pulp lying on a thin
glass slide by Saul’s microscope. Red
and blue the colors fused and turned
a rich purple. No one noticed it but
Henry Am. Idly, almost without

curiosity, he sucked up a portion of
the purple mess and placed the glass
tube containing it under the micro-
scope, bending to glance at it with
weary indifference. For a moment
his eyes riveted and stared, then the
weary indifference vanished and he
cried out with a vehemence that
caused Cloud and Saul to start and
fix on him their wondering eyes.

  “What have you found?” Saul
asked sharply.

  “I don’t know, but I’ve certainly
found something!” Arn pointed at
the lens, shaking with excitement.
“The fusing of the two dyes has
shown up your microbe, Saul! Look
at him!”

Saul leaped to the microscope and
squinted through its powerful
eye. Am and Cloud\ watched him
with fascinated gaze as he caught his
breath and stared through the lens.
A large microbe, dyed a dirty purple,
showed clearly in the spun glass tube.
It was fully a thousandth of an inch
long, with a globular hairy body and
eight long arms that continually
reached out and groped for something
to grasp and devour. It was hideously
like a devil-fish in miniature.

  Saul watched it for a moment in
stunned silence, then lifted his head
and turned to John Cloud. The gleam
of exultation was in his enormous
eyes, and his voice shook as he cried,
“Look, John! Henry’s found it! A
devil-fish microbe. It’s a whopper,
too. Now we’ve got to work like hell.
Look!”

  Cloud grinne'd wanly at the ludi-
crous cry as he stepped quickly to the
microscope and sat down to examine
the grisly microbe. It writhed and
groped. Cloud shuddered involun-
tarily and shifted the tube. Five
other microbes of the same species ap-
peared in the thin tube of glass. For
a moment a breathless hush settled
THE DARK CHRYSALIS

763

over the laboratory, as three men
stared at each other and knew what
they had discovered. Cloud rose
slowly to his feet, his eyes on Saul’s
intense face. All three of them knew
they were gone a good way over their
long-seeming hopeless road.

  Then they proceeded to do what
Saul had said they must do — to
work! They hurried frantically till
dawn, and the first light found them
red-eyed, weary and shaken, but
triumphant. They had, in those
lapsing hours, opened the fifty flasks
containing the cancer tissue, taken
from each flask a portion to dye and
examine. Experimenting disclosed
early in the night that neither by
first applying the red dye nor by
first fusing the two colors and then
dyeing the pulp would the microbe
appear. Some freakish result of us-
ing first the blue dye and then the
red made the gruesome atom visible.
But by dawn the three men had
proved conclusively that their new-
found devil-fish microbe was swarm-
ing in every flask of cancer tissue.

  Saul, mad with the fever of the
search, refused to stop for rest, even
though he swayed on his feet from
weariness. Cloud and Arn rubbed
their smarting eyes, shook themselves
wider awake as their lids drooped in
sheer exhaustion, and grimly fol-
lowed in his wake. They turned them-
selves to the task of examining the
pieces of healthy tissue they had taken
from the old man’s body and sealed
in the other flasks. They put them
through the process of dyeing and
submitted them to the eye of the
mighty lens. Through every portion
of the dead man’s body-tissue un-
touched by the cancerous growth the
devil-fish microbe swarmed and
groped and crawled.

  “Well, that’s that.” Saul leaned
back in his chair and rubbed his
burning eyes, .watching Cloud reseal
the last of the flasks. “We’ve found

the microbe. It’s a lollapalooza,
isn’t it? But there’s so much more
to be done that I hardly know where
to begin. You two are dead on your
feet. So am I. Let’s turn in for a
few hours’ sleep. Then I’m off to see
old Doc Whittly.”

  The three trooped wearily out of
the laboratory, and Saul paused at
the door to glance back at the flasks
littering tables and shelves. There
was a grim light of triumph in his
enormous eyes, and Cloud and Arn,
understanding, walked on and left
him alone with the first vision of his
great dream’s possible fulfilment. His
mother, seeing Cloud and Arn come
in without him, slipped to the labora-
tory door, and he turned, hearing her
step beside him. She saw the light
on his face, and the solemn stillness
in his eyes.

  “You—found it?” she whispered,
and hope struck at her secret horror.

  “We’ve found it.” Saul nodded,
but there his tongue stopped.

  She, knowing him better than any
other, laid her arm across his shoul-
ders, and they stood in a hush, star-
ing together at the flasks filled with
the purple-dyed tissue which had at
last yielded up its ugly secret. Then
without a breath of warning Saul
fainted against her. She lifted him in
her strong, lean arms, carried him to
his bed, laid him down and bent over
him. He was breathing regularly, in
the deep sleep of utter exhaustion.
She pulled down the blinds, walked
back to him and paused to lay her
hand on his forehead. She fancied
she felt the five points of a star. Saul
moved and muttered in his sleep,
muttered the name, “Helene.”
Helene! His mother winced. She had
not yet been able to accept Helene as
tangible reality. Not again had Saul
spoken of her, not once had the girl
eome near the laboratory. But the
girl was in Whittly’s office, and Saul
764

WEIRD TALES

went there more often than he would
have done to see Whittly alone. And
he muttered "Helene!" in his sleep.
His mother set her lips tightly. She
wanted to see the girl, and again she
shrank from seeing her. From even
speaking of her.

  Must she give Saul up to this other,
younger woman? Glive him up, or
share him, which? She turned with
an empty feeling at her heart, walked
out and left him to his rest. And
Henry Arn, glancing out of his win-
dow as he got into bed, saw her kneel

10	lay a sheaf of flowers on the grave
of the old man under the trees.

Long before Cloud and Arn awoke,
Saul shook himself out of his
exhausted slumber, got to his feet and
hurried into the laboratory. He
fussed around at grim business with
a. sharp blade, and dyes, and the
microscope. Satisfied with what he
wanted to know, he snatched his hat
and rushed off to old Doe Whittly’s
office. Whittly sat at his desk writ-
ing out a prescription, and Helene
stood arranging instruments in the
cabinet. Both of them looked across
the room at Saul as he opened the
door and stepped inside. Their gaze
made a swift survey of the little
scientist’s drawn face, his red-rimmed
eyes, his bichloride-blackened hands.

  ‘ ‘ Saul! ’ ’ Helene walked swiftly to-
ward him, hands outstretched to meet
his, frowning in anxious solicitude.
“You’ve got to go slower! You’re
burning yourself up! You need
rest."

  “I rest—here.’’ Saul slid into a
chair and drew her into his arms,
laying his head wearily against her
shoulder.

  “Helene’s right," the old doctor
put in shortly, shaking his head in re-
proof. “You’ll have to let up a bit or
you’ll never last through. Have you
found anything yet? How long have

you been fussing with that cancer
tissue, anyway?”

  “It seems a year!" Helene said,
her sober eyes on Saul’s tired face.

  “It’s really a little less than two
months." Saul’s smile flickered at
her, but the light in his eyes flamed.
“And—we’ve found the microbe.
A horrible little freak. Looks like a
devil-fish. ’ ’

  “You found it?” Whittly started,
leaning toward the scientist.

 “Oh, Saul! You found it!”
Helene’s arm slipped across Saul’s
shoulder, gripping him close, and her
face glowed as he answered.

  “We found it, all right! But
that’s only the beginning, Helene—
Doc. The real racket is all to come.
The microbe wasn’t in the cancer
alone, but all over the man’s body.
Now I’ve got to determine whether
or not it appears in the healthy tissue
of a body unaffected by cancer, or if
it appears in any other disease. Are
you performing any operations today
and tomorrow, Doc?”

  “Seven,” Whittly replied, and
Helene looked at the face against her
shoulder wonderingly. “Six minor
and one major. Why?"

  “Any of ’em got cancer?”

  “Nary a one, Saul. The worst is
a case of appendicitis. What are you
getting at now?"

  “I want a snip of flesh from each
of those people, a piece no bigger
than a grain of eorn. Helene, will
you get seven bottles from that mess
in my coat pocket next you? I only
rest here. I don’t want to move. Give
’em to Doc, will you? Put each piece
in a separate bottle, Doc, and I’ll
come for them day after tomorrow. I
want to see if I can find the cancer
mici’obe in any of ’em."

  Helene shivered involuntarily as
she slipped her hand into his pocket,
counted out seven little vials from
THE DARK CHRYSALIS

765

the dozen or so there, and extended
them toward Whittly. Her heart
flinched within her as she thought of
their purpose.

  “Saul—Saul, dear, you’re ghast-
ly!”

  ‘ ‘ Ghastly is right, ’ ’ Whittly agreed
grimly. ‘ ‘ But it’s necessary ghastli-
ness. It isn’t exactly ethical. It’s a
crazy thing to do—but I’ll do it, of
course. I can easily, and no one ever
the wiser save Helene. I’d do a good
deal to help you win such a fight,
young man! Give me another bottle,
Helene. ’ ’

  “What for?” Helene raised her
brows wonderingly, as she slipped her
hand again into Saul’s pocket.

  “Oh, I’ll give him a snip off my
big toe,” grinned the doctor. “I
might as well help the good cause
along; he and Arn and Cloud will.”

  “Yes, of course.” Saul nodded.
“I’ve already tested my own flesh—
this morning after I got up, passed
through the laboratory on my way
here. There wasn’t a sign of one
in me. Helene—what are you do-
ing?” His eyes caught her hand in
the act of passing to Whittly not one
but two more of the little bottles, and
in her eyes he read her intent. His
face whitened a visible shade, and he
cried out a violent protest. “No, not
you! God, no! I couldn’t do that!
Helene, put that bottle back! Not
you!’ ’

  She hesitated and he took one of
the bottles from her hand, shoving it
quickly back into his pocket and ex-
tending the other toward Whittly.
Whittly mumbled something about
putting the vials away, got up from
his chair and went into the other
room.

  “Good old Doc!” Saul dropped
his head back against Helene’s
shoulder, and the weary lids drooped
over his enormous eyes. “Lord, I am
tired. Let me rest.”

  “Rest,” Helene whispered, clasp-
ing him close.. “Be still and rest.
For if you break, the world loses its
hope a hundred years too soon. Oh,
Saul! Saul! Don’t you know that
men like you are born but once in a
hundred years?”

  “I know that women like you are
born but once in a hundred centu-
ries ! ’ ’ Saul’s arms gripped in a swift,
convulsive embrace. “Without you
I might break. But here—I rest.
With you I can go on for eternity.”
There was silence in the doctor’s
grubby little office, silence and the
sweep of the wings of morning, wings
that brush from a man weariness of
soul. For half an hour that might
have been a moment or an eternity,
neither of them moved. Saul, still
against her shoulder, slept. Then he
wakened, kissed her and went away
without a word to break the glory of
that hush. Went seeking Cloud and
Am. Found those two in the labora-
tory, curiously examining the tube in
the microscope that held his own
flesh.

  “Say, Saul, what the devil’s this?”
Cloud demanded the moment he en-
tered the room. “Human flesh with-
out a cancer microbe, certainly. But
it can’t be out of one of the flasks!”
“No, it’s off my hide,” Saul
answered quietly. “I’ve got to find
out whether or not that microbe ap-
pears in healthy bodies unassailed by
cancer. It isn’t in me. Whittly’s go-
ing to furnish me with sample pieces
of flesh from seven different bodies
besides his own in the next few
days. ’ ’

“In the meantime we’ll just see
how I stack up,” Cloud replied quick-
ly. “I was going to do it anyway.”
“Me too,” Arn seconded. “And
the sooner the quicker.”

  Saul nodded as he took off his hat
and hung it on a peg in the wall, his
gratitude flaming to the two men who
7G6

WEIRD

TALES

purposed to walk step by step with
him all the way. The three of them
were busy through the next hour.
Flesh from John Cloud’s fingertip
and from Henry Am’s shoulder went
through the dye into the tube and
passed under the powerful eye of the
microscope. Cloud’s flesh showed
nothing but the ordinary composite
of tissue and blood. But the piece
of Henry Arn’s shoulder showed six
of the devil-fish microbes wriggling
around and groping their ghastly
arms.

 “Now what in blazes does that
mean?” Am turned to Saul, paling
at the sight.

  “I think I can tell you exactly
what it means,” Saul replied, his
enormous somber eyes on Henry’s
face. “But we’ll have to prove it
conclusively before we tell the world.
It means that the cancer microbe is
in some people and isn’t in others.
Where it comes from, and how it gets
into people, is something else we’ve
got to determine. A person with those
microbes in his flesh might live to a
healthy old age and die sound—if he
lived cleanly and rightly. But let
some part of his body become devital-
ized, either through misuse, disuse or
abuse, and the microbe gets in its
work. It can’t devastate healthy
tissues, and people uninfested with it
can’t get cancer if they want to.
Women are more subjected to devital-
izing influences than men—that’s
why more of them die of cancer. I
told Doc Whittly that was the way it
worked when I first began the big
job, and I haven’t changed my opin-
ion yet. I intend proving it.”

  Henry nodded, staring down at the
little tube that held his flesh and the
minute devil-fish. His faith in the
little scientist knew then its first spur
of fear. Those beastly little bugs
were crawling around in his body,
waiting the moment to seize upon
some devitalized tissue and make of

him a living horror. He started to
speak, and the voice of Saul’s gaunt
and silent mother halted him. All
three men turned quickly to see her
standing in the doorway, holding out
toward Saul a little piece of blood-
washed flesh.

  “Here, Saul. From my side. See
if they are in me.”

 “But Mother!” Saul sprang to-
ward her, his face wrinkled in lines
of shocked dismay. “You shouldn’t

—you’re not a scientist-”

  “I’m a scientist’s mother!” Mrs.
Blauvette’s head went back proudly,
and she looked down into his eyes
with the dignity of her pride in him,
as she steadily held toward him the
small piece of flesh. “Look. I want
to know.”

  Saul bowed over her hand and took
the particle of tissue gently from her
palm. Cloud and Arn stood back in
a veiled silence, looking the other
way, while the little scientist swiftly
prepared the dye and reverently put
through the process the flesh of the
woman he so loved. It was so still in
the laboratory that apparently not a
soul breathed as he sucked the atom
he had prepared into the tube and
put it in the microscope. Long and
steadily his enormous eyes stared
through the powerful lens, then he
raised his head and looked calmly
into her face.

  “Not a one. You couldn’t get a
cancer if you lived to be a thousand
years old.”

  “ Ah! ” She breathed deeply, once,
then shot at him a sudden question.
“But how do you know people can’t
contract those microbes—can’t be-
come infected with them at any
time ? ’ ’

 “I don’t know,” Saul admitted
quietly. “But I believe their posses-
sion to be a congenital condition.
That’s something else I’ve got to
prove. But you are immune, now, at
(Continued on page 860)
A Five-Minute Story

THE FOURTH
DIMENSION

By CHARLES FORD

RIPLEY sang aloud in pure joy
as the bladelike bow of his
racing canoe slipped through
the water. The wind was northwest
and puffy, and the lake showed a
lively blue and white under the sky.
As he came about, over to windward
he could see the green of the golf
links slanting up from the water’s
edge and the white clubhouse gleam-
ing through the trees; overhead the
white and tinted clouds sailed before
the wind, hardly dimming the sun-
shine. It was a pretty picture from
the water, and he loved it. As the
wind heeled the canoe over, his mus-
cular legs shot him up to windward
and the lively craft swished through
the water, every puff wetting the sails
half-way to their peaks and shower-
ing him with spray. Golf and tennis
were good; but nothing wiped out the
worries of a difficult and precarious
business as did the little canoe. It
needed skill, muscle and quick wits—
a man’s play.

  Starting his sheets a bit, he stood
out into the lake and hauled her into
the wind again. Then a vicious blast
came down the hill, the slide jammed
and he went over.

  A ducking was the least of his
troubles; he was used to it. But this
time something went wrong. His
head struck a spar; and when at last
he found himself swimming easily to-
ward the boathouse that showed its
gay awnings in a little cove below the
clubhouse, he thought he must have

been unconscious for a minute or two.
Pulling himself up on the float, he
turned, but could see nothing of the
capsized canoe.

  "I’ll send Jimmy out for it," he
said to himself, and went into the
locker room for a rub-down. It
struck him as rather singular that
when he went out, float and boathouse
and locker room had been gay with
many-colored canoes, and girls in
summer dresses, and men talking over
golf scores and exchanging alibis and
experiences. Now everything was
quiet but for a few men he didn’t
know talking soberly in the locker
room.

  "Well, that ducking took Miller off
my mind for a while, anyhow. Queer
that crack on my skull didn’t raise a
lump," he mused, rubbing his head
cautiously.

  Jimmy did not appear by the time
Ripley had changed, and he took out
his clubs and strolled up the slope to
the first tee. He felt a little tired and
dazed, and it might be amusing to
watch them drive off. Perhaps he
would feel like playing a few holes if
some acquaintance showed up about
the time Miller began pestering him
again. But it wasn’t the Miller busi-
ness that puzzled him now. The tee
was the same, railing and water-can
and sand-box were just where they
belonged. The narrowing vista of the
first fairway with the green and its
tiny flag perched up on a knoll four
hundred yards away were as usual.

                                   767
768

WEIRD TALES

The long ranks of translucent clouds
sailing down the wind with their
shadows flitting down the hill ahead
of them were just as they had looked
from the lake. Out there several rac-
ing canoes like his own danced over
the whitecaps and heeled down be-
fore the puffs of wind.. That puzzled
him. His had been the only one of
that type of canoe left on the lake be-
cause they were thought pretty risky
for such treacherous water. Golfers
drove off, several foursomes, and
passed on up the course, but he didn’t
seem to know one of them. They
seemed to be having a good time, but
there wasn’t any of the usual loud
chaffing about handicaps and bets.
Even the caddies were subdued.
Somehow things were different.

  A tall man, with a long, clean-
shaven, pleasant face sat down beside
him, nursing between his knees a
formidable outfit of clubs. There was
something about him that stirred Rip-
ley’s recollections, but he couldn’t
place him. Ripley nodded, however,
and the stranger greeted him pleas-
antly.

  “I don’t think I’ve met you before.
You’re Mr. Ripley, aren’t you? My
name’s Longdon.”

  Ripley stared a little. Where had
he heard of Longdon? There was a
famous racing-canoe man of that
name; but somehow it stuck in Rip-
ley’s mind that the Longdon he was
thinking of had been in the navy dur-
ing the war and had lost his life sav-
ing a lot of others from an explosion
on board a destroyer. This man
couldn’t be the same Longdon.

  “Playing today?” asked Longdon.

  Ripley shook his head. ‘ ‘ I thought
I would, but I’m a little tired,” he
said. “Just had a bad spill on the
lake and my head doesn’t seem quite
right. Got a knock against the mast
going over. I think I ’11 hunt up
Jimmy and get him to go out after my
canoe.”

  “If you don’t mind, I’ll walk down
with you for a cigarette,” Longdon
said; and together they went down
the slope to the boathouse, Longdon
clipping dandelion heads with his
putter as they strolled along. Ripley
was aware of a certain restraint
about his companion, as if he wanted
to say something and didn’t quite
know how to go about it. They
reached the landing, and sat down on
a bench, looking out over the water
and smoking in silence.

  Suddenly Ripley saw a queer thing.
It seemed as if the pretty' scene be-
fore them rolled aside, and out there
was a dory where there had been no
dory before. Three men were in it,
dragging for something in the lake;
and alongside the dory was a cap-
sized canoe, its green hull and a bit
of white sail showing on the water.

  Longdon looked at him sympa-
thetically, but Ripley couldn’t under-
stand the look.

  “Why, that’s my canoe!” cried

Ripley. “Jimmy must have-

What in the world are they drag-
ging for?”

  Longdon said: “It is your canoe.
Don’t you understand now?”
IT WAS seldom that Charles
Breinbar was excited. That he
was excited then meant two
things: first, that the matter was
vastly important; second, that no
crisis was immediately imminent, for
in a crisis no man was ever more col-
lected than he.

  “ Yes! ” He was speaking in the ex-
plosive style which characterized him
when excited. “If we fail—the
whole world dies. And for me it is
—vengeance as well. Come! Look and
listen!” And he dragged me to some
of his apparatus. Whirling the con-
trol dials, he motioned for me to
watch a screen. There was a rapid
play of lights and shadows, much as
though I was looking at the reflection
on a ceiling of a water surface dis-
turbed by ripples. Suddenly he
reached the right combination. The
movement ceased and there was
shown, plainly, a snow-covered sur-

    W. Tv—2

 face, and on it was sprawled the body
 of a man, seemingly dead. I looked
 at Breinbar questioningly.

   “Yes, dead!” he answered my un-
 voiced question. “That is an old
 friend, Amos Toble. Yesterday I got
 a letter from him. Said he was on a
 trip—up on the Dubaunt. Thought it
 would amuse me to see him. And so I
 turned the dials for him. Saw him
 tramping along. He eame on a small
 animal, dead. Picked it up, seemed
 puzzled. Picked up another, also
 dead. It puzzled him. He walked

-	on. Suddenly he stumbled. Seemed
 to regain his balance. Then collapsed.
 Quite dead !

   “I quickly turned the dials to the
 ‘Q’ vibrations. They show up what
 we can’t see by ordinary light, you
 know. I knew I would see his spirit,
 but I did not expect to see it strug-
 gling with Something! Trying to get
 back into his prone body, while the

                                    769
770

WEIRD TALES

Thing tried to hold him off! He was
forced farther away, farther, and—
my God! I suppose there is no reason
why a spirit should not sxiffer, but
I never expected to see one suffer as
he did.. But he lost. It was the Thing
which slipped into the body, but
seemed to find it in some way unfit-
ted, l‘or it left, and swept away the
spirit of poor Toble, battling—bat-
tling! So for me it now means ven-
geance!"

  Perhaps you recall the sensational
tales in the papers some years back,
of the “Arctic Death", as they called
it. They gained no credence, for-
tunately. Luckily for the world it
never knew just what the real truth
was. All winter an expanding wave
of death had spread fanlike out of
the Arctic into the northern interior
of Canada, an epidemic in which the
lethal agent was unknown. The bod-
ies bore no indication other than the
fact of death, and, when found soon
enough, the fact that they were
frozen like ice. Yet it was certain that
freezing was not the cause of death.
It was an epidemic of unparalleled
deadliness; when a community was
stricken every vestige of life was de-
stroyed. So the tales went.

  Breinbar was continuing: “Neeley
of Edmonton was down here last
week. Told me the papers tell the
truth. So I have been watching it
on the screen here. I thought at first
it was a medical problem. Then I
saw it kill Toble. It must have been
an inspiration, turning on the ‘Q’
rays, and catching the Things in the
act. So I spent last night studying it.
I think I know what is happening.
But I need help. You are game to go
with me? Good! It will be dangerous.
But you will have the satisfaction of
knowing that you are taking a fight-
ing chance. If we don’t take it, we
shall all be killed anyway. If we take

it, maybe-" He did not finish,

but I could supply the end.

  The net result of it all was that a

few days later, rigged out in warm
clothing and wearing a peculiar suit
of insulating material with a network
of wires and a battery-like con-
trivance within it, Breinbar and I set
out in his airplane one morning. The
machine was also equipped in a pecu-
liar fashion, and we took along sev-
eral strange implements, the use of
which I knew nothing of at the time.
To complete the weird outfit, each of
us wore a mask which completely cov-
ered our heads, with eyepieces which
appeared opaque to ordinary light,
but were transparent to vibrations of
a wave-length entirely outside of the
visible range of the spectrum, and
which moreover so transformed these
vibrations that they became visible to
us, and the world appeared to us as
it must to any organism which can
utilize such vibrations naturally. The
most peculiar effect of this mask was
that, the vibration which it admitted
being present at night as during day-
time, we could see equally well in
darkness and daylight, becoming in
effect as owl-eyed as we looked.

We traveled northward for two
hours before Breinbar brought
the plane down on the edge of a tree-
less expanse, and near a little settle-
ment which we found to be a trading
post. As we had sped northward in
the eery lighting afforded by our
masks, a sense of unreality had grown
upon me, which increased rather than
diminished when we came to earth
and walked the few hundred yards
to the little trading station.

  There we had our first real news
of the “Death." It had not yet
reached that point, but that very
morning a little Indian village some
twenty miles to the northwest had
been found with its few inhabitants
lifeless, their bodies frozen stiff.
What had been told in the papers was
seemingly true; at least the story
which we heard there was just as it
THE ARCTIC DEATH

771

had been told in the press dispatches.

  All morning Breinbar sat in the
shelter of a little tent which we
pitched, with a map spread out be-
fore him. About us were grouped
the curious Indians and the few
white people, not more than twenty-
in all. For some curious reason the
Indians did not seem to be especially
fearful. Perhaps the facts had been
kept from them. Or perhaps some
streak in their makeup caused them
to regard fatalistically any threaten-
ing danger which they could not see
before their eyes. With the whites
it was different. They were frankly
fearful, and kept plying us with
questions, the while Breinbar was
plying them, obtaining information
which he carefully plotted on his
map..

  When he had finished with his map
he called the head man, a tall Scotch-
man named McIntosh, and motioned
for the others to move away.

  “McIntosh,” he began, “I guess
you have it figured out that we have
been sent up here by the government
to study this plague. We are going
right on, and I believe we shall be
able to check it before long. But it
will take some time, perhaps weeks.

  “In the meantime we can give you
no protection. And I am going to
warn you, now—if you value your
lives, don’t sleep here tonight!”
He finished in a tone which carried
conviction to me, at least.

  ‘ ‘ Gad, Mister—what is your name ?
Mister Breinbar! You don’t think It
will be here tonight!” The tall
Scotchman who spoke like an Eng-
lishman was palpably terrorized, al-
though I took it that it would ordi-
narily take quite a bit to frighten
him.

  “I’m sure of it,” Breinbar as-
serted.

  ‘ ‘ But what is the Thing ? And how
can It kill us tonight when we are
perfectly well now?” The Scotch-
man’s questions were evidently

framed more to bolster up his cour-
age than to obtain information.

  ‘ ‘ Don't be a fool, man! Get ready
to leave at once. You may be too late
now!” Breinbar was looking into
the north as he spoke. “See!” he
gesticulated, and we looked up along
the trail to where a solitary figure
had been approaching. It had begun
to move erratically, then suddenly we
saw it stagger and fall.

  “For God’s sake, man, get your
people and run! Don't wait for
anything. Ran!” Breinbar fairly
pushed the Scotchman from him,
and lie did not have to repeat the
command, for before he had finished,
the latter was already on his way
toward the buildings, calling loudly
to his people. Frightened the man
may have been, but he was no cow-
ard, and was turning away from the
opportunity of getting an immediate
start to see that the others were
warned.

  Breinbar turned quickly to m<
meantime reaching inside of his
clothes to press the catch on his pro-
tector. “Quick!” he said impera-
tively. “Reach in-” He did not

wait to finish, but himself reached,
and quickly locating the button on
my suit, pressed it with a sigh of re-
lief.

  “Now we’re safe. For God’s sake
never let anything touch that bat-
tery now!” He turned and looked
toward the people who were stream-
ing from the post in terror-stricken
flight toward the south. “Poor dev-
ils! I’m afraid it’s too late for them
—nothing we can do for them now
but hope! So it wasn’t true, what
the reports said, that the Death came
only at night. I wondered; it didn’t
seem-”

  Before he could finish, the rear-
most straggler, an Indian woman
with a baby, staggered a few paces
and fell motionless. At her cry the
others turned, then, shrieking, broke
into wilder flight, but in vain.
772

WEIRD TALES

  One after another fell as though a
machine-gun burst were sweeping
them. The last to go was the Scotch-
man, gigantic among the shorter In-
dians. He displayed the most tre-
mendous vitality, fighting as though
in the grip of invisible assailants.
Finally he, too, pitched forward,
dead.

  During it all we had been power-
less to aid. Although I had no idea
nor plan, I had started forward, but
Breinbar restrained me.

  “Stay here! They have to die!”
He was speaking in the jerky fashion
peculiar to him when he was stirred.
“Hundreds more—we only make
right moves—stop it—before it kills
thousands—but not now!” I felt
his muscles quivering as he gripped
my arm, and knew that only his
judgment was holding him back from
following the same impulse to help
the doomed fugitives.

  “But,” I objected, “if we can
protect ourselves, can’t we do any-
thing to help them?”

 “God! Not a thing! No more
than Canute could hold back the sea.
Beyond hope—unless we reach their
center—paralyze that—there is no
hope for the world. The center—we

must! If not-and he stopped

as though afraid to think farther.

  Then, suddenly, I seemed to see in
the weird light of the mask an ad-
vancing wave of transparent form-
lessness, moving along in the manner
of a cloud of gas on a battlefield, but
not with the wind, against it! And it
did not seem to have the consistency
of a vapor, but of something more
solid, like a gelatinous mass which
rolled along and engulfed the fleeing
figures. It was impalpable, for it
had passed over us without my hav-
ing detected its presence in any way.
Yet, as it reached and touched each
doomed fugitive, it struck him in-
stantaneously with the finger of
death, all but the Scotchman, who
had seemed to sense its existence as

an entity and tore desperately at it
for a moment before he, too, pitched
forward. And through it all I felt
absolutely nothing except the sensa-
tion of awful chill which was at first
pressed back into the submerged part
of my consciousness by the awfulness
of the happenings. But after the last
victim had fallen stark it returned to
dominate completely my impressions.

  I asked Breinbar if he too felt the
chill, but his only reply was a harsh
“Naturally!” a sardonic gleam in
his eyes as he said it.

  'And then I noticed that our plane
was covered with glistening ice crys-
tals, as though it had been chilled be-
low the dew-point of the air so that
frost was forming upon it. Hurrying
over to the post buildings I found
that there, too, the frost was forming
over everything, and even water in
containers, which had been liquid in
the warmer air of the interior of the
houses, was solidifying as I watched
it.

 A horrid thought came to my
mind, and I rushed to the bodies,
hoping that I was mistaken. My
horrified fear was justified. Every
body, although but a few short min-
utes before it had been warm with
life, was frozen stiff, so cold that the
fingers on touching it were burned
as by the touch of liquid air, and the
flesh had taken on a horrible yellow-
ish, half-transparent appearance.

  Breinbar had followed me around,
observing my actions with that ter-
rible, half-amused gleam in his eyes,
as though he already knew what I
would find, but he ventured no state-
ment beyond a short answer when I
asked him, in horror, “For God’s
sake, what is it?”

  “You might call it what the pa-
pers do, the ‘Arctic Death’,” was all
he said.

  He suddenly became all impatience
again and hurried me on. I wanted
to stay long enough at least to get the
bodies under a covering of earth.
THE ARCTIC DEATH

773

There is something in human nature
which rebels against leaving the dead
of one’s kind for the beasts to mouth.
But Breinbar would not hear of it.

VX7e climbed again into the plane
' ' and advanced into the treeless
plain by short stages, with frequent
side flights. At the halts between
the short flights Breinbar would take
readings with a metallic thermometer
which was a part of his equipment,
entering the results on his map. I
noticed the figures which he put
down, and in spite of the feeling of
intense cold, I was surprized at the
degree of cold which they indicated.
In a region where forty degrees be-
low zero is a mark reached only once
or twice a winter if that often, the
temperatures which he was recording
fell within the first few hours lower
than two hundred Fahrenheit degrees
below zero. It seemed incredible
that we could live in such a tempera-
ture,, and I realized that it was only
due to the protection of the insula-
ting suit which I wore that the cold
did not freeze me in an instant. Out
of curiosity I took the thermometer
and placed it within a few inches of
my body, as I had noticed that Brein-
bar laid it down, then walked away
several feet' to remove the influence
of his body, to remain away two or
three minutes before he returned
quickly and read it as though afraid
he could not reach it quickly enough
to get the correct reading. I was not
altogether surprized to find that the
temperature which surrounded my
body, at least within a few inches dis-
tance, was much warmer, although
quite cold enough, being thirty-five
below at a time when the temperature
at a distance of several feet was two
hundred and five—a hundred and
eighty degrees lower.

 Finally it seemed that he had ac-
cumulated all the information which
he needed, for he drew the isotherms
connecting the points of equal tem-

perature on his map, obtaining
curves which were distinctly circular
in form, with the center definitely
located.

  Pointing to that center on the map
he turned to me. “ghat’s where
we’ve got to go to find it, George. If
I’d only-”

  His words were suddenly cut short
as a dark form sprang from behind
us and felled him with the single im-
pact.

  I turned to face the thing, and the
horror which swept over me on seeing
that form robbed me of what power
I might have had to resist the sin-
isterly powerful bulk of the Scotch-
man whom we had left stiff in death
only a few hours before! As it
touched me I was galvanized into ac-
tivity by the burning cold of the
frozen hands, but I was powerless in
the resistless grasp. My only satis-
faction was in noting that the warmth
of my body seemed to cause as in-
tense an agony to him as the searing
cold of his touch did to me. He
handled me as one does a hot pota-
to, as he trussed me up securely; then
turned, and as gingerly bound up
Breinbar.

  All this time he had uttered no
sound, nor did he do so even when,
about to leave, he turned and leered
into my face with a hellish chuckle.
But the acme of it all came when, as
he took his departure toward the
south again, I saw that he was ac-
companied as by a bodyguard, by
ranks of round balls of that gelatin-
ous substance, each about three and a
half feet in diameter, perfectly round
and featureless, yet moving, rolling
along in perfect order; animate
things, possessed of an intelligence!
As the import of what my eyes saw
began to seep into my brain, the
world began to swim around, and I
felt myself sinking forward into an
ocean of swirling darkness and noth-
ingness.
774

WEIRD TALES

  It was hours later when I returned
to consciousness, for while it had
been in the early afternoon when I
had last noted the time, it was con-
siderably after sunset, although still
light to me through my mask. Brein-
bar was kneeling beside me, chafing
my wrists.

  Before we went on from that place
I learned more, for after the narrow
escape we had just had I wanted to
know something more definite of
what we might expect, and I am
afraid I said so with more feeling
than I usually put into my voice
when talking to Breinbar. "Now
look here," I complained, "it seems
to me if we are going to be jumped
by dead men and such things I ought
to know more about it than I do."

  "You’re right, George," my friend
answered. "I was just thinking that
myself. We had a narrow squeak
that time. If It had only had
the intelligence to destroy our insu-
lation—well, It didn’t. It could not
have touched us in Its natural form,
but in the body of the tall Scotchman
It had an instrument with which It
could easily have eliminated us from
the affair. ’ ’ He fell silent, and I was
afraid he was going to retreat into
his own thoughts again. Just as I
was on the point of speaking he be-
gan again, "Well, it shows They are
not infallible. They slipped that
time, and, now that we are on our
guard, I think we have a chance, a
fighting chance."

  This time the pause was so long
that I did break into it.. "But what
is this Thing, this Intelligence you
are talking about?" I insisted.

  "I won’t say what It is, only what
It might be, although it is all we
have to go on, and I am working on
the assumption that the hypothesis is
correct," he resumed. "Just .sup-
pose there is another form of mat-
ter, one we can not know through
any sense, nor measure; but one
which occupies the same space we

do. Suppose that beings exist, com-
posed of such matter. Suppose that
they are able to dissociate their in-
telligences from their individual
selves, and that those then discarnate
intelligences assemble and combine
into one great central intelligence,
which functions for the entire race of
beings, directing them. If you sup-
pose that, you can suppose that if
such beings, directed in that manner,
are responsible for this eruption of
death, the only hope we have is in
reaching that central intelligence
and somehow influencing it. ’ ’

  "But," I interrupted again, "you
don’t mean to say those were the
balls we saw? It can’t be!"

 "Why not? You saw them, and
you saw people killed by them. You
saw that they and everything they
did was inexplicable by the laws of
nature as we know them. How else
would you.explain them?"

  "Yes, but the intelligence you
speak of—how do you know It ex-
ists, and in that form? And what
can we hope to do to It?" I was
sinking into the slough of despond-
ency as the logic of Breinbar’s state-
ments was shown to me as I reasoned
back. It was inescapably true, it
seemed, and as inescapably hopeless.
How could we cope with such Things,
especially if, as he was calmly telling
me, they operated under the direc-
tion of a pooled intelligence ? I could
not even hope to hope.

  Breinbar did not seem so hopeless,
for he said, although with consider-
able gravity, "Some day I ean tell
you how I know it, sometime when
we have more time. Right now, I am
afraid you will see it all yourself be-
fore long. I know we have only one
hope, one chance. Not much, but we
can take it fighting.”

  But my morale was gone, and if I
followed and did Breinbar’s bidding
during the time which followed, it
was not because I still harbored the
slightest spark of hope, but rather
THE ARCTIC DEATH

775

that, believing that we and all other
living things were doomed, I was
filled with a sullen rage against the
Things and a smoldering desire to
close with them and die fighting,
hurting them as I knew I could hurt,
after seeing the Thing which had
been the Scotchman cringe at the
touch of my body.

Memory holds only for the high
spots of the ensuing time. I
moved with Breinbar as in a stupor,
toward the center of the eery plain
where we began to see, looming up,
a single peak of barren rock. More
and more of those hellish balls of
pestilence passed us, rolling over the
snow-covered plain, and I saw that I
had been mistaken in thinking they
were simple balls without appen-
dages. It was true that there were
none except when one was needed for
some purpose, then they were able to
throw out from any part of them-
selves grotesquely shaped limbs, to
any required length; or so it seemed
to us, to whom all portions of the
Things appeared alike. I might have
derived some comfort from the way
in which they rebounded in evident
distress when they inadvertently ap-
proached us too closely; I did get a
savage satisfaction from their pain,
but I was too deeply steeped in the
apathy of despair for any heartening
emotion.

  And the cold grew always more in-
tense. There came a time when
Breinbar let the thermometer fall
from his numbed fingers after pick-
ing it up, and when it struck the
ground, metal though it was, it shat-
tered into as many pieces as though
it had been brittle glass, so intense
was the eold.

  Did I say we had long since lost
the use of our plane? That is easily
understandable, with such unearthly
temperatures. The only wonder,
which is still inexplicable to me, al-
though doubtless due to Breinbar’s

planning, is that we had its use so
long. When it failed, even Breinbar
appeared to lose hope for an instant,
or at least to consider our prospects
more desperate. We must win be-
fore our strength failed, for of course
we were virtually without supplies,
except the few rations of concentrated
food we carried on us. The one des-
perate hope to which we clung was
to reach the Intelligence which was
directing the Things before our
strength gave out.

  As I look back now, it seems pre-
sumptuous, two men matching
strength against the concentrated
power of the intelligence of a world.
But it was not. It was desperation.

  The forward struggle became end-
lessly long and hopeless without end.
The death and the cold of the plain
and its dreariness entered into the
very soul until there was nothing but
the consciousness of the endless plain
with its wheeling balls from the outer
spaces of hell itself, and back in
the darkness of our minds the dull
compulsion, vague and intangible,
but potent, that we must plod on for-
ever if need be, and reach that bleak
monadnock ahead. And under the
unreasoning compulsion of that im-
pulse we plunged dumbly on, ever
drawing nearer to the goal, yet our
progress was so terribly slow.

  And the balls came thicker. . We
were constantly jostled by them, and,
while they recoiled as though injured
by the touch, we also suffered a sharp
sting of cold at each impact. So there
was room for gratitude even in our
numbing minds when the news of
our coming and of the desirability of
keeping out of our way seemed to
spread ahead of us, and we were
given a clear passageway.

  At last we neared the black-gray
rock, and a final crushing despair
overwhelmed me as I saw that the
balls were issuing from the rock it-
self, not from any opening into which
we could penetrate. If what we
776

WEIRD TALES

sought was inside that huge pile of
unbroken rock, how could we ever
reach it? I gave up the last shred
of hope, a shred which unknown I
must have been clinging to, for I
found that I did have it to lose, al-
though an hour before I would have
said I had none left. So it was noth-
ing but the automatic functioning of
my mind which made my lips form
the words, "We’re gone now! Do
you see those Things pass through
the solid rock? How can we cope
with that?”

  But while for the last hour or so
Breinbar had seemed almost as dis-
pirited as I, his action under what
to me was the most disheartening
sight of all was surprizing, even to
me who was almost beyond the reach
of surprize or any emotion save de-
spair. He took from his back the
nozzle of something that looked like
the flame-throwers used by the Teu-
tons in the World War. With a vin-
dictiveness which was unusual in
him, although I could easily under-
stand how it had developed, he
turned it against the rock, and to my
astonishment the solid mass seemed
to fade away.

  The consternation which his ac-
tion caused among the animate balls
was easily perceptible. They dashed
madly around, losing all semblance
to spheres as their appendages ap-
peared and threshed about in all
directions. Finally order seemed to
be restored by the appearance of
authority, although I could make out
none who appeared to take the lead.
But the effects of authority were
manifest. The balls formed as though
to protect a certain part of the moun-
tain, and with a grunt of satisfaction
Breinbar turned in that direction. I
followed him, for the stimulus of ac-
tion had restored me somewhat.

  Relentlessly we plowed through
their ranks, and strangely, the ray
which issued from Breinbar’s pro-
jector with power to annihilate the

solid rock itself had no effect on those
hellish balls. But if it did not, we
ourselves did. While we suffered
from the searing touch as they came
into contact with us, our touch
seemed a thousand times as terrible
to them, for although their spirits
seemed willing enough to die in op-
posing us, the agony of our touch was
so excrutiating that it was unendur-
able, and as fast as they came into
contact with us they would bound
away, twisted into all the contortions
of extreme agony. So in effect our
progress was unopposed as we first
forced our way through their ranks,
then bit into the solid rock behind
them with the ray.

After what seemed an infinity of
slow progress into the depths of
the old mountain, advancing into the
tunnel which we were cutting into
the living rock, we suddenly broke
through into a blinding radiance. A
blinding light, in which we blinked,
unable to perceive the source of the
radiance. Finally, adjusting our
eyes to the unaccustomed glare, we
advanced, and came upon It sud-
denly.

  It was not what I had been pre-
pared for. In fact I was unprepared
for anything, certainly unprepared
for a Thing which had no form. For
It had no dimensions of any kind, at
least none measurable by our stand-
ards. It was a blinding point of
light, suspended in a great chamber,
or at least, situated in the air in its
center, with no visible means of sup-
port. One minute point of light;
light which, while having no single
color one could name, yet seemed to
give the impression of all vivid col-
ors. One tiny point of energy so
great that it flooded a vast chamber
of many million cubic feet with a
radiance positively blinding, even at
its confines exceeding the radiance of
the noonday sun. After the first
glance, which again blinded me for
THE ARCTIC DEATH

777

the moment, I did not care to look at
It directly again.

  For it was quickly evident that the
point of light was the Thing we
sought. It spoke no language. How
could a point of light without body
or vocal organs speak? Yet we easily
received the message It sent. And,
conversely, Its answers, registered in
our minds, showed that It understood
our thoughts, though It had no ears
to hear with. And as the realization
of the fact came to me, I again
thought to myself, ‘ ‘ How can we con-
tend with an Intelligence which reads
our very thoughts?”

  For It said, or at least the thought
was communicated to us, “What do
you expect to be able to do here?”
And the thought echoed in my brain.
“Nothing!”

  The voiceless message went on:
“Now that you have seen me, how
do you expect to destroy me, whom
you can not touch, nor injure with
your machine, which is only con-
trived to annihilate matter such as
you know it. It can not touch us.”

  “No.” The voice of Breinbar
startled me, as he spoke aloud, though
the Thing had no ears. “But I have
another weapon which can harm
you. ’ ’

  “You mean could harm me if you
could come close enough,” the In-
telligence seemed to reprove him.
“You can not get close enough to get
in range.”

  I saw by the sudden dejection
which had come over my friend that
what It said was so. The weapon,
whatever it was, had a range far too
limited to reach to the height of that
dazzling point of light. We were
limited by the necessity for some-
thing material to stand upon, while
It was not.

  The next words from the Thing, if
I can call such thoughts words, were
sickening with their revelation, even
though what I had already seen must
have prepared me for them. The

thought came, “You want to know
what we mean to do. We here in our
situation in the universe find our
state unsatisfactory. We see you and
your world, so wonderful, and you
living in it like brainless brutes. So
we are trying, by the only means we
have, to leave our world and enter
yours. You must not think we are
murderers. We are simply a higher
form of life supplying our needs.
You do not call it murder when you
kill a steer for food, for clothing.”

  “Yes, I know what you are do-
ing,” Breinbar interrupted harshly.
“But I will not grant the cases are
parallel. We hold that you are not
justified, either by your law or ours;
that you are committing murder
without the justification even of
necessity, just to gratify a foolish
wish which if allowed to become a
fact will bring the destruction not
only of us but of your race as well.”

  Again the answering thought came,
irritably this time: “You forget that
it is the law of the Maker himself,
He whom you call God, Who directs
all things, that there shall either be
progress or death. This is progress.”

  And back came the answer from
the man, with no slightest hesitation,
“While you are talking of the
Maker’s law, why do you not remem-
ber that He created our worlds sep-
arate, closed all the normal means of
communication from one to the
other? Do you not think it was with
a purpose? You think you can break
those laws and not suffer? What
about the one of your race who en-
tered the body of the Scotchman, Mc-
Intosh? You know how he was
changed to a devil incarnate. You
can not break the law separating our
worlds and escape. If you persist
you can only bring destruction to
all.”

  “Enough of this!” the answering
thought was sharp with anger. “We
will not argue. We are acting, and
you can not prevent it. But in a
778

WEIRD TALES

short time you, too, will be dead. We
can not harm you now, but we can
wait, while you can not. And I can
wait very easily when the prize is
your body, Breinbar. ’ ’ The meaning
of that last sentence nauseated me,
but it must have brought a different
thought to Breinbar, for the Thing,
reading his mind, warned sharply,
"Don’t think you can influence me
in that manner.”

  And then began a debate even
stranger than what had gone before.
For I heard only one side of it, but
there was no difficulty in supplying
the missing side. Breinbar no longer
spoke aloud, contenting himself with
thinking.

  "I warn you, you can not suc-
ceed,” the thought came into my
mind, from the Thing. A short
pause, with Breinbar’s rejoinder only
having an existence in his mind and
the Thing's. Then again the thought:
"Oh yes, Breinbar. I should have
thought of that. Your mind, joined
with mine; it would be the richest
acquisition I have known. But you
are deceiving yourself if you think
you will have power to sway my de-
cisions. It is you who will be over-
whelmed. ’ ’

  The meaning of it began to seep
into my brain, and I turned to Brein-
bar with a start. “For God’s sake,
what are you going to do?” I asked,
knowing in advance what the answer
would be. And although I did
know his answer, yet I could not re-
press the shudders of horror as he
answered sharply.

  “It is our only chance. I believe
I can dissociate my own intelligence
and join it with that Thing of intelli-
gence. Then—well, we can see. We
are lost if we don’t; maybe lost if
we do.”

  “But,” I objected, “how are you
going to do that?”

  ‘ ‘ I think I can. It will help me all
It can, for it will always welcome
such acquisitions. It said so plain-

ly.” He was silent a moment, then
broke out suddenly, “Now you, you
just concentrate on one thought.
Whatever happens, keep willing that
It have no control over you. Will as
though your life depended on it,
which it will, that your intelligence
remain in your own body. Never
drop the thought for a moment until
it is over. Remember!”

 “Yes, but you-” I was begin-
ning again, but he interrupted me
fiercely.

 “Keep still! And hold that
thought!”

  The forcefulness of his utterance
seemed to paralyze my faculties for
the time. I was shaking as though
with a violent attack of buck-ague, as
I tried involuntarily to follow his
instructions. But I could not, for
suddenly I felt him go limp beside
me and slump to the floor. Dropping
to my knees I was horrified to find
that there was no pulse to his body:
he was as dead!

  Then began a time which was the
most terrible I ever experienced.
The horror of the attack by the frozen
body of the old Scotchman was noth-
ing in comparison. I was not old at
the time, only thirty-six, but when I
returned finally from that experience
under the bleak monadnock my hair
was white and my hand shaking as
with palsy.

At first I was unable even to
imagine what was happening.
The Light began to behave erratically,
although I received no brain impulses
from It such as It had sent before.
It seemed to expand until it filled the
entire room, then contract to the size
of a pinpoint. Rhythmically it
swelled and shrank, pulsating, and
while I could not see clearly in the
radiance, I did obtain the impression
that the balls themselves recognized
the strangeness of what was taking
place. For they had arranged them-
selves in concentric circles, rank on
THE ARCTIC DEATH

779

rank, centered about that spark of
ultimate glory, and if they had pos-
sessed limbs which could have been
designated "arms" I would have
thought their attitude was that of
prayer.

  How long the horrible glory of that
happening lasted I do not know. I
was completely lost in it, forgetful
of the admonition which Breinbar
had given me. But the recall came
with a shock. For suddenly it seemed
there was something pulling at my
senses, as though something were be-
ing drawn from my brain. With a
burst of horror I remembered Brein-
bar ’s last words, and began to oppose
my will to that which seemed to be
bent on drawing the very life from
my body.

  And then It spoke again, while
great drops of perspiration ran from
my forehead into my eyes, cold
though the chamber was with a cold
like that of space. "You have lost!”
the thought came clearly. "I have
Breinbar here and he has been sub-
merged. It would be better for you
to come, for it would be for you
eternal life as an intelligence. You
must come!”

  And still I fought against the idea,
the Thing itself; my being revolting
against the coming desecration of
life. And—a sudden gleam of hope
came as I seemed to hear dimly in my
consciousness a smaller thought, en-
couraging. “Holdout! Hold out for
a time!” And somehow I did hold
out awhile. But there is a limit to
the strain that human nerves can
bear, and imperceptibly I slipped
over the margin.

  The remainder of the awful experi-
ence does not lie within the memory
of observed fact. It has the seeming
of a dream, a dream, however, of such
convincing reality that I am firmly
convinced that it happened in all of
its impossible details. For I seemed
to be looking down upon our bodies,
mine and Breinbar’s, which lay hud-

dled in a heap against the wall, while
in my consciousness was a veritable
riot of conflicting thoughts.

  The sickening realization seemed to
come to me that I had failed and that
my intelligence had been sucked out
of my body into the being of that
parasitic Thing of souls. As the
nausea of that knowledge began to
wear off I became conscious of some
of the thoughts which were surging
through the ether. And I was sur-
prized to find that all was not har-
mony within that pool of intellect.
For there were two factions, and as
I began to get my bearings I recog-
nized that the outstanding intellects
among the pool still retained some of
their individuality, and that, instead
of all being drawn from that strange
plane of life and matter, there were
many that represented intelligences
which had once had human form.

  Then it beeame evident that the
dominant faction which had argued
so cavalierly with Breinbar had made
another slip when It thought It could
absorb and submerge his mind within
Itself. For it soon developed that
the other faction needed only the
leadership which Breinbar now sup-
plied to spur it into triumphant ac-
tion.

  The following time, hours maybe,
or minutes, is indescribable. I can
only chronicle its results. At last,
after a space of time the length of
which I have not the slightest idea
of, harmony was again restored, and
sanity with it. Realization had been
forced even on the most radical ele-
ment of the reservoir of intelligence
that to pursue the mad course It had
embraced would so disrupt the work-
ing of both worlds that all beings in
both would inevitably be extin-
guished. But in the struggle I must
confess I played the part of an on-
looker.

  And then quiet was restored, and
Breinbar was again speaking to me in
that mysterious wordless way. Only
780

WEIRD

TALES

one of us could i*eturn to life as we
had known it, and he wanted me to
to be the one. Frank terror in my
awful surroundings combined with
his arguments about my family, and
I yielded.

  So Charles Breinbar, greatest
scientist of all, greater than any will
ever know, passed on. And, lest you
regard him as a pathetic figure, a
martyr, let me insist that such is
emphatically not the case..

  For it is given to me, who knew
him and his zest for adventure which
drove him to penetrate the mysteries
of nature farther than any man has
ever done, to know that he did not
die; that his intellect, he himself, now

enjoys advantages which I should
envy were I half so curious as he.
And in the long evenings as I sit be-
fore the fire and talk with my Maida
who was his daughter, I see him
plainly, endowed now with powers
which were denied even to him while
prisoned in such a body as mine.
And I am quite sure that when I am
at work in my laboratory on the ex-
periments which have made me
world-famous, it is Breinbar who
stands beside me, directing. For no
brain but his could so directly and
surely solve the problems which I
have solved since that time when the
Arctic Death threatened our exist-
ence as a race.

  FOG-FACES

By ROBERT S. CARR

There is something more to fog than merely clammy water vapor—

 There are fat, pale, leering faces in the dark and lonesome places,

Where the gray-white little demons in the night-mists love to caper.

There’s a Something gaunt and spectral that takes walks abroad in fog;

’Tis uncertain, I will ween it; It is ghoulish—none have seen It,

But we who walk the woods at night have heard It in the bog.

If you should go at midnight to a hidden lowland nook,

Behind a moss-grown boulder where the wet leaves brush your shoulder,
And should crouch among the fog-swirls, and should watch and wait and look,

It would come, wrapped in Its garments of miasmal, damp gray steam;

You could hardly say you hear It, yet you’d know that you were near It,
For you’d feel Its breath upon your cheek, and see Its eye-balls gleam.

 And as it passed, the fog would twist like ghosts of little snakes;

The faces would start leering, you would see their wet lips sneering,

As their Master, gaunt and spectral, stalked away through the cane-brakes.
Grave

MORTON

■S9&*.

“The loose clay freaveQ. I"*-'
jumped back. Out of the
loose earth, out of the shal-
low grave, rose Rocusek.”

WOULD anyone engage a doc-
tor who admitted that he had
buried another patient alive?
Especially when he admitted that he
had buried the patient to hide the
evidence of murder?

  Hardly! That doctor would be
looked on as a monster in human
form. The world would shrink from,
him as it would shrink from a leper
or from an unclean beast.

  That is why I am revealing myself
only as "Doctor X.”

  For I did that thing. I buried a
man alive. I did it to shield myself
from punishment for his murder.

  Anyone else would have done the
same thing, under the same circum-
stances. That’s why I’m telling this
story—this story of what actually
took place in my own life. I want
to show how appearances may put
a man in the shadow of the hang-
man’s noose.

  I am a reputable physician. I
graduated from a medical school
which is rated in "Class A” by the
American Medical Association. I
stood fifth from the top in the class
of 1899.

  Soon after I arrived in the city
where I now live, on the banks of the
upper Mississippi River, I acquired
the enmity of a rival, whom I shall
call Dr. Rocusek. Little did I know
what horrible results his enmity was
to bring tipon me!

  He was a man of peculiar nature,
a mixture of a half-dozen European
races. He was almost a genius in his
profession, and had been highly edu-
cated, but his strange moods cost him
many friends, and when I invaded
his field many of his patients natu-
rally drifted to me. Like myself, he
was a specialist in nervous and men-
tal diseases.

                                     781
782

WEIRD TALES

 We met occasionally at social
gatherings and at meetings of the
county medical society, and month by
month I found his attitude growing
more and more bitter. Filially it
reached the point where we were
openly at war.

  This silent warfare continued for
three years, and all efforts on my
part to heal the breach were rejected
coldly.

  Imagine my surprize, then, when
the telephone rang one night as I was
sleeping soundly after a busy day,
and on answering I heard Dr.
Rocusek’s anxious voice: “Dr. X?”

  “Yes.”

  “This is Dr. Rocusek, doctor. I am
terribly sick. I’m afraid I’m dying.
Please hurry as fast as you can.”

  I started to advise the man to call
a general practitioner. I was a spe-
cialist in nerve diseases. But the re-
ceiver was banged on the hook, before
I could speak.

  Amazed that he should call me, I
began dressing. If the man was as
near death as he seemed to think, I
could not let his past enmity keep me
from helping him.

  His house was a mile or so from my
own, at the edge of the city, and I
pushed my car to its limit. As a re-
sult, a motorcycle officer on late duty
followed me and caught me at
Rocusek’s door.

  “I’ve got no time to argue,” I said
shortly. “There’s a man in here dy-
ing. I’m a doctor. Here’s my card.”

  I handed it to him and ran up the
steps.

  Rocusek met me at the door.

  “Come in! Come in!” he greeted
me pleasantly, smiling cordially. He
looked the picture of health, tall,
sleek, well-fed, black-mustached, with
a bow that a courtier might envy.

  “How’s this?” I demanded, star-
tled to have him meet me. “I thought
you were sick, dying!”

  “Exactly,” he said. “Exactly. But

come in, doctor. It’s cold for you to
be standing there.”

  Bewildered, I stepped inside and
set my medical bag in the hallway.

  “See here,” I began, “if you’ve
got me out of bed on a night like

this-”

  He held up a hand, protesting.
“This is np joke, doctor,” he said.
“I am in deadly earnest. But please
walk into the living room.”

  Angry to find that he had appar-
ently called me out needlessly, I
stalked into the living room and sat
down to hear his explanation.

Rocusek followed me into the room
and stood with his back to the
fh’e, rubbing his hands and warming
himself.

  “It was a shame to call you out of
bed at this time of the night,” he
said pleasantly.

  I’m afraid I grunted.

  “But the truth is, doctor,” he went
on, “that you will be well repaid for
your trouble. You are going to wit-
ness something never seen before in
this world.”

  I looked up, startled.

  “Yes, doctor,” he said, “you are
going to be my partner in one of the
most fantastic experiments ever un-
dertaken.

  “You may wonder why I am ask-
ing you to help me in this momentous
experiment. The truth is, we have
been bad friends long enough. I am
ready to call quits. But besides that,
I respect your medical ability highly,
and I need your help.

  “This may be a ghastly experiment
to watch. But you are used to seeing
people die. It will not upset you.
And I want you to observe the ef-
fects-”

  “See here, Rocusek,” I broke in,
“I haven’t said I was going to help
you. I’m not. I don’t know what
you’re talking about. And I cer-
tainly don’t enjoy being called out of
bed at 2 a. m. to take part in some
OUT OF THE GRAVE

783

asinine experiment. I’ll say good-
night.”

  I rose to go, but he stopped me.

  "You can’t go; you can’t,” he said
forcefully, his dark eyes fixing them-
selves on mine. "You don’t dare. I
might die."

  I grinned, for he looked the picture
of health, but he went on hurriedly.

  "When I heard you at the door, I
swallowed the contents of this bottle.
It is a deadly poison, a derivative of
opium I discovered myself. Smell
it."

  He handed me the vial, and I put
it to my nose. It had a bitter, acrid
smell.

  "I give you my word, doctor, this
is no joke," he assured me.

  Hesitatingly, I sat down again, and
he began talking rapidly.

  "The story is this,” he said. "I
must cut in short; I don’t know how
soon the poison will take effect.

  "For many years, as you may have
known, I have been trying to find
some means of dissociating personal-
ity—separating mind and body.

 "Think what it would mean!
While my body lies in this room, my
mind would travel to the ends of the
earth in the flash of an eye, as quick-
ly as my thoughts could direct it.

  "Imagine it! We could see every-
thing, travel everywhere, without
moving from this room.. We could
talk to a friend in San Francisco or
Hongkong without rising from our
chair. Can you see the immensity of
the idea?"

  "Yes," I snapped. “It would be
wonderful. But it can’t be done.”

  “It can! It can!” he shouted.
“This will do it.” He shook the
poison bottle aloft.

  “I’ve found the drug. Opium, you
known, partially releases the mind
from the body. Yet the mind is not
wholly free. It is still tied down.

  “I conceived the idea of ‘cracking’
the atoms of opium—making it a
hundred times more powerful. I

worked at it for years. Finally I
perfected it.

  “But that wasn’t enough. In that
state it was rank poison. I wanted
something that would keep life in the
body while the soul—the mind—
wandered at will.

  "Now, I’ve found it! Another
drug, mixed with the first one. I’m
positive it will work. I’m betting my
life on it. But it’s not sure. There’s
a chance.

  “I don’t know what will become of
me. I don’t know whether I shall
keep the voice you hear now, whether
I shall see as I do now, whether I
shall hear as I do now.

  “Nor do I know how my body will
be affected. Perhaps, when my mind
leaves, my body will seem dead. May-
be it will seem to be in a coma.

  “Those things I do not know.
Those are the things you are to
watch.”

  “This is madness,” I interrupted.
“Sheer madness. You will kill your-
self. I refuse to take any part-”

  I broke off in the middle of my
sentence. Rocusek was dying before
my eyes!

  His face took on a deathlike pal-
lor. Then there was a mighty con-
vulsion that shook his whole body.

  I leaped from my chair and rushed
for my medical bag in the hallway.
With frantic haste I raced through
the hallway, madly punching the
walls for the light buttons, until I
reached the kitchen. It seemed hours
before I had drawn the water to make
a hypodermic of apomorphine—the
most effective antidote..

  I ran back to the front room.

  Death met my eye!

  I was certain of it. Rocusek lay
huddled in a heap on the floor,
thrown from his chair by one of his
mighty convulsions.

  I felt for his pulse as I pulled back
the sleeve for the hypodermic. There
was no pulse.
784

WEIKD TALES

  Cursing myself for letting the man
die before my eyes I plunged the
hypodermic needle into his arm.

  There was a chance—just a chance
—that I might not be too late. Some
faintest flicker of his pulse might still
remain, too faint for me to detect.

  I shot down the plunger, forcing
the apomorphine deep into his flesh.

  I bent down and put my head to
his chest. I listened desperately, de-
termined that no slightest flicker of
life should escape me. I would not
abandon my efforts to save his life
until he was unquestionably dead—
dead beyond any hope of returning to
life through the mysterious drug.

  There was no sign of life. His
heart had stopped. His breathing had
stopped. His face had the waxy look
that tells even the layman of death.

  Still I did not give up my efforts.
I filled the syringe once more, this
time with a double dose of apomor-
phine. If this failed, he was dead
beyond all hope.

  I waited—in vain. How I cursed
myself! To sit there like a fool, like
a schoolboy listening to his tale of
separating mind and body!

  Why had I been such a fool? Why
hadn’t I held him, if necessary, while
I injected an antidote?

  I laughed aloud, bitterly. To sit
quiet while a man deliberately killed
himself!

  I bent over once more and listened
to his heart.

  Silent!

  I rose unsteadily to my feet. My
hands were shaking as with ague.

Ihad seen death many, many times,
but never had I been affected like
this. Never before had I sat by and
let a man die, watched him die and
stirred no hand to aid him.

  My whole body shook with excite-
ment. I think I nearly fainted.

  I lifted his body and carried it to
a davenport at one side of the room.
My thoughts were in a whirl. For a

long time I stared at that waxy face,
those strangely contorted limbs.

  "He succeeded,” I said to myself,
grimly. “He has separated his body
and soul, right enough.”

  Finally I shrugged my shoulders.
He was dead. No question about it.
Now what to do?

  Obviously, I must notify the
coroner. My eye glanced about the
room for a telephone.

  What would I tell him? Why, of
course I would have to tell him that
the man had died of opium poison-
ing.

  It would have to be reported as a
suicide, of course. Suicide. The
motive-

 What had been the motive? I
wondered about that, rather idly.
What would the papers say? Fi-
nances? Ill-health? Love?

  None of these. Well, what would
they say? That he had been hunting
for a way to separate body and soul?

  What a flimsy motive for a suicide!
No one would believe that.

  Suddenly a thought struck me:
Would it be called suicide? My
heart leaped into my mouth.

  What reason was there for anyone
to think he had committed suicide?
He was in good health, apparently
had some means, had suffered no mis-
fortune in love.

  Why should he commit suicide? As
an experiment? Bosh!

  I could see the scornful look on the
faces of the coroner’s jury.

  Murder! That was it. Murder!
"Dr. X killed him. They had been
enemies. They’d had a quarrel.
Doctor X gave him poison! ’ ’

  I went cold all over. The sight of
that waxy face threw me into a panic.

  Murder! Already I could feel the
noose tighten about my neck. I
choked.

  Fear made me leap to my feet. I
would flee. Leave that damned body
here. It was not my fault. I hadn’t
killed him.
OUT OF THE GRAVE

785

  I must eseape. No one must see
me go. The world would never know.

  I grabbed my medical kit. Mustn’t
leave anything here. They would run
me down, put me in jail, try to drag
a confession out of me. Tell them it
was an experiment ? Rubbish!

  I could see their faces now, sneer-
ing as I told them the man had killed
himself. Ugly faces they were,
policemen’s faces—like that of the
motorcycle officer that stopped me to-
night.

  That motorcycle officer! I stopped
dead in my tracks, my hand on the
door.

  That motorcycle officer would
know! He saw me come in! He saw
Rocusek was alive then! And he had
my card!

  My mind was like a whirlwind.
What way could I turn? How could
I escape? Wherever I went they
would track me down, put me in jail.

  Hide the body!

  That was the thing! Hide it where
it would never be found! Burn it,
throw it down a well, bury it!

  No one would know what had hap-
pened to him. No one would know he
was dead. No one would ever accuse
me.

  I looked out the window. It was
dark yet. I could carry the body
out the back way, then drive around
and pick it up.

  Take it far away. Bury it in some
lonely spot. Somewhere no one ever
went. That was the thing.

  I wasted no time. I threw his
heavy body onto my shoulder, the
waxy face falling limply against my
back. I stumbled with it through
the hallway, out through the kitchen,
onto the porch.

  I dropped it in the shadows, then
went through the house and got in
the car.

  In a few minutes I was speeding
out the country road, as fast as the
car would go, the body huddled in
the back.

  As we raced through the night, my
foot crowding the accelerator against
the floor-boards, my mind was work-
ing furiously.

  Where was the loneliest place in
the countryside? Where was there
some spot of land no one would ever
visit ?

  Bridge’s Point!

  The scene flashed into my mind.
Ideal! A jungle of undergrowth, of
swampy land, shoving its long neck
far away from the road to make a
bend in the river.

  My heart leaped as the picture
came to my mind.. No one ever went
there. It was ugly, damp, weedy.
No picnic parties would stumble
across the bones.

At the next turn I swung the car
south, on the road to Bridge’s
Point. Give me a half-hour more and
I would be free of that clammy body,
huddled up there in the back.

  I felt like sinking for joy.

  Somebody spoke.

  “Would you mind putting me back
on the seat? My arms are a bit
cramped. ’ ’

  Chills raced through my body. The
car leaped to the side of the road,
almost turned over before my foot
could find the brake.

  I turned my head. There, in the
seat beside me, sat Rocusek!

  I was paralyzed by fear. I thought
the man had come to life, risen from
the dead.

  I looked into the back seat.

  There, on the floor, was Rocusek—
his body—the man I had seen die!

  I looked again at the man beside
me. The same! Both were Dr.
Rocusek!

  Terror froze my throat. I could
not speak. The man beside me
sneered, laughed wickedly.

  “You wonder how I got here? Did
you forget it was an experiment ?
That I am not dead?”
786

WEIRD TALES

  I was silent. I tried to speak. The
words would not come.

  "I can cross the world in the flash
of an eye," he laughed. "While
you sat there, in my house, watching
my body, I was at the telephone, call-
ing police. I told them who I was,
told them you had given me poison,
that I was dying.

 "You fool! You walked into my
trap like an innocent babe. For
months I had planned this revenge.
You thought you were so clever, win-
ning all my patients away from me.
I waited until my plans were ready.
Then I called you tonight. And you
walked into the trap!

 "They’re hunting for you now.
The police are scouring the town, the
roads for miles around. I’ve been
watching .them, flying from one road
to another on their heels.

  "You can’t escape them. They’ll
be here soon. They’ll find you with

my body. Then-"

  He broke off in a laugh. A sneer-
ing, mocking laugh.

  For a moment I was silent, stupe-
fied. Then rage filled my heart, gave
me strength.

 “You fiend!” I veiled. “You
fiend of hell!"

  His grin mocked me.

  “They’ll find me, will they?” I
screamed in frenzy. “They’ll find
your body? Let them try! They’ll
have a long hunt!

  “You want to know what I’m go-
ing to do with it ? I’ll tell you! I’m
going to bury it. Dig a grave by the
river bottoms. Throw your damned
body into it, cover it with sticky
swamp clay. Smooth it over the top,
spread branches and twigs on it, hide
it forever. And let it rot.”

  In the moonlight I saw the smile
leave that evil face. I saw the skin
go white. I knew I had thrown fear
into that—that “mind.”

  This touch of victory turned my
head. I almost laughed in his face
as I yelled: “Then you can squirm

and fight. Try to get out of that
sticky grave."

  I laughed loudly, hysterically. “A
long rest you’ll have, your ‘mind’
running around like a lost sheep.”

  Rocusek—the spirit—g r i n n e d
again.

  “You forget,” he said, “I can
talk to police as well as to you. I
can tell them where my body is bur-
ied. They can find it—find it dead. ’ ’

 “You fool!” I shrieked with
laughter. “Poor fool! How can a
murdered man walk into the police
station, tell them he’s dead? They’d
roar at you, call you crazy."

  I laughed loudly, crazily..

  The man beside me was silent,
slumped back in his seat.

  I threw the car into gear, began
driving furiously toward the river.

  When Rocusek spoke again his
voice shook, but he laughed, nervous,
afraid.

  "Well, I guess the joke has gone
far enough, doctor," he said.

  "Joke?" I didn’t understand.

  “Why, of course," he answered,
laughing more loudly now. “Of
course it was a joke. Just a joke.
When I saw how perfectly the experi-
ment worked, I couldn’t resist the
temptation to play a joke on you. "

  “A joke, eh?" It was my turn
to sneer now. “Was it a joke to set
police on my trail ? ’ ’

  My laugh rose high above the wind
that whistled past us.

  “The joke’s on you, Dr. Rocusek,"
I roared. “Here’s the end of the
road. See if you can play any jokes
under six feet of clay."

  I roared at my own wit.

  I stopped the car at the side of the
road, turned off the lights.

  In the tool-box I found a tiny
spade, one that had helped me out
of many a mudhole.

 “For God’s sake, doctor,"
screamed Rocusek, “you aren’t seri-
ous ? ”

  “You’ll soon see!”
OUT OF THE GRAVE

787

  I opened the tonneau door, pulled
the body onto my shoulder. Even
then I wondered why it wasn’t stiff.
It was cold and clammy, but rigor
mortis had not set in. That was the
only sign that life remained.

  I dragged it out of the car. There
was a cry of pain.

  "Look out! You’re twisting my
arm! ’ ’ screamed the man—the mind
—that stood beside me.

  I dropped the arm of the body,
and the man beside me sighed in re-
lief.

  "I still feel everything,” moaned
the mind, the spirit, of Dr. Rocusek.

  I set off briskly through the
tangled underbrush.

  "For God’s sake, doctor,” he
groaned. "It was a joke, I tell you,
a joke!”

  I laughed, madly, insanely. It was
my turn now.

  For a quarter-mile I struggled
through twisting, thorny bushes,
stumbled over hummocks of grass,
ran against tree branches.

  Unceasingly, the spirit-man at my
side pleaded, prayed for mercy.
From time to time he cried out in
pain as a thorn or a branch tore the
skin of the body that I carried over
my shoulder.

  "You can’t understand, doctor,”
he moaned. "I’m as alive as you
are. I feel every pain that body
feels. But this part of me—my mind
—has no Body. I can not fight with
you, touch you. Have mercy! Lay
my body here in the swamps! When
the poison leaves I can enter it
again.”

  "And let the police find it, hang
me for it?” I yelled savagely. "Not
much!”

  Now I could see the river ahead,
glistening in the moonlight. Soon we
were near its banks. Here was the
spot.

  I dumped the body to the ground.
The spirit-man groaned with pain.

Iset to work digging the grave.
The clay was soft and spongy. It
was no work at all to dig in it.

  The spirit-man raved with fear,
watched every spadeful I threw out.

  No words can tell the anguish that
was in his voice as he pleaded for
mercy, promised me anything, every-
thing, if I would only leave that body
on the river bank, in the open air.

  His pleadings maddened me, made
me work the harder. I think I was
partly insane as I dug that grave.

  At last it was finished. I picked
up the body, threw it heavily into the
shallow pit.

  The spirit screamed.

 "My arm! You’ve broken my
arm! ’ ’

  The spirit was on its knees now,
wringing its hands, begging for life.

  I laughed, threw a huge spadeful
of the sticky clay on that ghastly,
pallid face.

  Rocusek groaned piteously.

  ‘ ‘ Kill me, doctor! Crush my head
with that spade. But don’t bury
me!”

  I threw another spadeful into the
grave.

  “Kill me, doctor! Kill me out-
right! Don’t torture me!”

  Another spadeful.

 “Ugh! For God’s sake! For
God’s sake. I’m choking. The clay
is in my mouth! Ugh! It’s in my
throat! Mercy! Pity! ’ ’

  Another spadeful!

  “Give me a minute to live! One
minute, for God’s sake! The drug
is leaving me. It’s leaving! I’m go-
ing to be myself again! ’ ’

  I looked at the spirit-man, kneeling
beside that grave, wringing his
hands, trying to wrap his spirit arms
about my legs..

  He seemed mistier, hazier. Even
before my eyes he seemed to be dis-
solving.

  Frantically I plunged my spade
into the clay, threw spadeful after
spadeful into that shallow grave.
788

WEIRD TALES

 “One minute! One minute!”
screamed the shade.

  It was almost gone now. I could
hardly see the man’s outlines.

  More clay! I heaped it into the
grave with frantic haste.

  What was that? The earth in that
grave seemed to move! I threw more
dirt in, working like a madman.

  The loose clay heaved. I jumped
back.

  Out of the loose earth, out of the
shallow grave, rose Rocusek!

  His face was contorted with
anguish and rage. He snorted, blew
the dirt from his nose, spat it out of
his mouth. His left arm, the broken
one, hung limp at his side.

  I swung the spade at that swarthy
head. I missed.

  He leaped onto the firm ground,
grabbed at the spade with his one
good hand.

 He threw his body on mine,
crushed me to the earth. We
wrestled, struggling for the spade.
My grip loosened.

  His fist crashed into my face.
Something—the spade—almost shat-
tered my skull. Darkness came flood-
ing across my eyes and I knew no
more.

IT was hours later—broad daylight
—when I came to my senses. My
head seemed to be split wide open.

  I raised my hand to my head.
When I brought it away it was cov-
ered with sticky, clotted blood and
clay.

  I tried to recall what had hap-
pened. I remembered digging the
grave, thi-owing that body in it, see-
ing it rise up to fight me.

  What a nightmare! What a hor-
rible nightmare!

  But—there was the grave. In the
soft clay were the marks of Rocusek’s
heavy, blunt-toed shoes.

  My head throbbed. I had not got
that in a dream!

  I struggled to my feet, looked
about for Rocusek, or his body.
Nothing in sight.

  My head throbbing like a trip-ham-
mer, I staggered the quarter-mile
back to the road. There was my car.
Apparently he had been afraid to
take it.

  Wearily, racked by pain and hor-
ror, I drove back to town. All day
I remained at home, nursing my
swollen head.

  That evening the door-bell rang,
and I answered it.

  It was Dr. Rocusek.

  “I’ve come to thank you for your
medical assistance last night,” he
said, smiling. “We’ve been enemies
too long. I want to sign a truce. ’ ’

  He held out his hand.

  It was his left hand. His right
hand was in a sling!
PIERRE GODARD was a
French Canadian by descent,
whose grandfather had de-
parted the purlieus of Montreal for
the good of his miserable hide in the
days of Riel’s Rebellion and settled
in that indefinite area of scanty-
soiled farmland along the western
shore of Lake Champlain between
Keeseville and Plattsburg.

  The degenerate stock of the God-
ards, long impoverished since the
era of its plebeian origins in France,
did not recover in the descendants
of the original fugitive. Pierre, the
grandson, combined in his make-up
the native cussedness of the lower
class “canuck” with the skinflint
qualities which his lifelong residence
among the narrow-minded yokels
with whom he consorted had readily
imparted. Shiftless, furtive, mean-
souled, he eked out an existence on
his few barren acres of poor land

which was endurable only because
there was neither in his heredity nor
his experience any better standard
by which he could realize to the full
the utter meanness of everything
that conspired to make up his life’s
record.

  At nineteen Pierre had married
Katie Burton, a flat-chested, sallow-
faced slattern of his own age. At
the end of five years of sordid mar-
ried life, four brats of their beget-
ting littered up the dirty kitchen of
Pierre’s cabin through the long,
cold days of the northern New York
winter, and spent their summers
rolling about in the dirt at the road-
side and making faces at the occu-
pants of the automobiles which
passed in a wavering, irregular
string, all day and most of the early
evening, along the State road be-
tween Keeseville and Plattsburg.

                                   789
790

WEIRD TALES

  That is, there were four brats—
and Kathleen. To what ancestor of
Pierre or Katie Kathleen could have
been a "throw-back” is one of
those obscure ethnic mysteries
which are so baffling when they
emerge in the families of recognized
people. In Kathleen’s case, it baffled
no one, since there was no one in
particular to remark this fairy
among the ugly gnomes who pre-
tended to be her brothers and sis-
ters, this glorious little swan among
the rough ducklings of the Godard
brood.

  Kathleen had always been utterly
different from the rest. By the time
she was six or seven, her positive
characteristics were already strong-
ly developed. She stood out from
the rest of her sordid family like a
new-minted gold coin among pocket-
worn pennies. By natural choice,
and habitually, she was dainty and
neat. Dirt never stuck to her, some-
how. The rest of the brood were
different from each other only in
the varying ugliness of their budding
dispositions and the equally variant
qualities of their general detesta-
bility of appearance and habit. All
the rest, for example, would fight at
the drop of the hat to gain posses-
sion of anything that turned up un-
appropriated, that even vaguely
suggested value to their joint scru-
tiny. In these snarling contests,
Kathleen, coolly aloof, was uninter-
ested. The rest possessed in com-
mon that coarse, scrubby hair of in-
determinate color which character-
izes the children of outdoor-living
peasants the world over. Kathleen’s,
a shimmering glory of delicate ring-
lets, shone burnished copper in the
afternoon sun when she swept off
the rickety back porch or daintily
threw a few grains of hard corn to
Pierre’s scraggly hens.

  At sixteen she was as coolly aloof
from the blandishments of the
coarse young men of her neighbor-

hood as ever she had been to the
scrambling bickerings of her family.
All such advances left her wholly
uninterested. What dreams and as-
pirations lay behind those clear blue
eyes, those eyes like the blue of the
Caribbean at noon, no one had ever
guessed, that is, no one except the
good priest, Father Tracy, who came
over frOm one of the neighboring
towns for mass every Sunday morn-
ing, and on alternate Saturday
nights and before First Fridays, to
hear the confessions of this outlying
portion of his difficult flock. To
Father Tracy it had been for some
time clear that the lovely body of
the little Kathleen harbored one of
those rare souls, delicate and fra-
grant, which burn with the desire to
offer themselves wholly to the Love
of God. Here, the good father knew,
or strongly suspected, was a bud-
ding vocation for the religious life,
a vocation which it was one of his
rewards to cultivate and foster.

  As yet Kathleen was too young
to leave her home, even if that had
been feasible, and enter upon a novi-
tiate with the good sisters at Platts-
burg, or, perhaps better still, in her
case, with some other good sisters
much farther away from the place
of her sordid origins, but for this
vocation, as he watched it grow, at
first weak and trembling up toward
the dim light of a possible fulfil-
ment, then later with a kind of thin,
but pure and steady flame, Father
Tracy said many novenas of thanks-
giving. It was one of his chief
sources of happiness, and, as was
natural in such cases, Kathleen re-
sponded to his interest in her, and
through his gentle, kindly leading
of her soul, was beginning, as she
fulfilled her maturity, to see the dis-
tant light more and more clearly.

  This vision she cherished with all
her heart, and if it begot in her an
almost perceptible wistfulness, it
did nothing to minimize the cheerful
THE LEFT EYE

791

kindliness with which she went
about the performance of her daily
tasks, or the cultivated discretion
with which she had laboriously
learned to meet and neutralize the
changeable moods of her vicious
father and slatternly, loose-minded
mother.

'"pHE wind-swept habitation for
-i God which she had made of her
pure little heart was rudely battered
on a certain Thursday morning in
the month of August in her seven-
teenth year.

  Pierre, her father, who combined
with the shiftless existence of a
small peasant-farmer the more ad-
venturous and profitable avocation
of a bootlegger’s runner for a
Plattsburg operator, was frequently
away from home at night and even
for days at a time, when he was en-
gaged in doing his part in bringing
consignments of illicit merchandise
down from unknown points in near-
by Canada, either overland along
the State road or by devious and
rutted byways, or, what was an
easier though somewhat less direct
method much favored by "the pro-
fession,” "up" the lake on dark
nights, a process which was more
lucrative because there were less
people to bribe, and correspondingly
somewhat more dangerous, as re-
quiring a landing on the shores of
Vermont across the lake, or some-
where on the New York side.

  He had been away on one of these
expeditions for two days, and had
returned sometime during the small
hours Wednesday night. On that
Thursday morning, after two nearly
sleepless nights, unkempt, ugly as a
bear with a sore nose, he pushed his
way into the kitchen about 9 o’clock
and demanded something to eat.

  Kathleen brought him his food
and he ate in a brooding silence.
She waited, sitting on the step be-
low the open doorway, for him to

finish, so that she might wash his
dishes and tidy up the table after
him, softly humming a tuneless lit-
tle song, her mind entirely other-
worldly.

  Pierre, having finished his break-
fast, came straight to the point of a
certain matter which he had been
cogitating for several weeks.

  "Come here,” he said.

  She rose and came to the table, ex-
pecting that he required another
cup of coffee or something of the
sort.

  “Shut the door,” barked her fa-
ther.

  She closed the door leading into
the small hallway out of the kitchen,
wonderingly, and returned to her fa-
ther’s side.

  "How old are you?” he asked,
looking at her as though he were ap-
praising her.

  “Seventeen.”

  "Seventeen, eh?" His eyes went
over her again, in such fashion that,
without knowing why, she felt sud-
denly choked.

  “Ah, seventeen. Old enough! Now
listen. That is old enough. You are
going to marry Steve Benham. I got
that all fixed, see. Me an’ him, we
talk about it a lot, and Steve is all
right for it.”

  The choking feeling nearly over-
came her. The blood seemed to suf-
fuse her wrhole body and then recode
somewhere, leaving her icy cold and
afraid. Marriage had never entered
Kathleen’s mind. And Steve Ben-
ham ! Benham was a brutal-faced
young tough who, with greater ad-
Arantages such as are offered to the
denizens of great cities in their
worst aspects, might have shone as
a criminal of the lower type — a
yegg, a killer for hire, the ready and
effective tool of some brutal organ-
ized gang. As it was, he had taken
advantage of such opportunities as
presented themselves to his some-
what restricted field of develop-
792

WEIRD TALES

ment. He was one of Levine’s
crowd in the bootlegging operations,
a close associate of Pierre Godard’s.

  “What the hell’s the matter with
you, now?” roared Pierre, curbing
his voice slightly in view of his de-
sire for secrecy. This was his look-
out, and none of Katie’s business.
He could handle his own girl all by
himself without his wife’s having any
part in it. Benham had offered him
two hundred dollars to put it
through for him, and that two hun-
dred he meant to have,—as soon as
possible, too.

 “Steve’s all right, ain’t he?
What’s the matter with Steve? Now
cut out this blubberin’.” Kathleen’s
lips were trembling in a colorless
face, her eyes big and bright with
the tears she was forcing to remain
unshed. She knew the resources of
this brute of a father which an in-
scrutably unkind Providence had
inflicted upon her.

 Pierre, his anger mounting by
leaps and bounds, glared at her, his
ugly face rendered hideous by a sav-
age snarl, his clenched hand show-
ing white at the knuckles as he
gripped the table’s edge.

  “O daddy, I can’t, I can’t!”

  Kathleen’s restraint had broken
down under this unexpected and
crushing blow. She sank down in a
chair at the side of the table, and
buried her lovely head in her hands,
her body shaken with convulsive
sobs.

  This weakening aroused all the
half-latent brute in Godard. With a
saVage curse, he seized Kathleen by
the hair, dragging her face up from
the table, and with the back of the
other hand dealt her several cruel
and heavy blows.

  She sank, as she shrank away, to
the floor, a shuddering heap of mis-
ery and pain.

  Pierre rose, his anger partially al-
layed, and looked down at her. He
kicked her, but lightly, in the side.

  “Get up out of that, an’ get to
hell out of here and clean yourself
up. Steve’s cornin’ in about noon,
an’ I’m goin’ to tell him it’s all set
for him. Don’t you dast do nothin’
to spoil it, neither, you hear? Now
git up, an’ beat it along an’ get your-
self prettied up. ’ ’

  He seized her roughly by the
shoulder, dragged her to her feet,
and shoved her through the door into
the hallway.

  Upstairs in her tiny little room,
■he lay across the bed, bruised and
shaken, trying to collect her wits.
One refuge and one only occurred to
her, for even under the stress of this
unexpected manifestation of her fa-
ther’s known brutality she had no
idea of giving in to his demand and
receiving Steve Benham as a suitor.

  Trembling, shaken in every fiber
of her delicate body, but with her
almost unformulated resolve burn-
ing within her like a bright, strong
flame, she dragged herself resolute-
ly to her feet, and began painfully
to change her clothes. She had de-
cided to go to Father Tracy for pro-
tection.

  An hour later, very softly, she
crept downstairs. It was past 10
o’clock, and she would have to man-
age to elude her mother. Her bro-
thers and sister had not been about
the house, she remembered, since
their breakfast time. Her mother
would be below. She had been out in
the chicken-yard when her father had
come into the kitchen for his break-
fast. He had gone out immediately
after she had come upstairs, prob-
ably to report progress to Benham!
She shuddered, and crept down the
stairs like a mouse.

  She could hear her mother aim-
lessly pottering about in the kitchen.
She slipped out of the seldom-used
front door and out to the gate and
along the road. As she turned the
first corner, she met her sister
THE LEFT EYE

793

Eunice, walking beside one of the
town. boys.

  "Where you goin’ all dressed
up?” enquired Eunice, her pert face
alive with interest in this unexpect-
ed apparition of Kathleen in her
best dress and Sunday hat. Kathleen
bit her lip. This was a wholly un-
expected, an entirely unavoidable,
misfortune. She was utterly unused
to deceit. The truth was her only
resource.

  ‘ ‘ I have to go over to Villanova to
see Father Tracy,” she replied sim-
ply. Eunice’s eyes opened wide in
astonishment. She said nothing, and
Kathleen, walking as rapidly as she
could, passed the couple and con-
tinued on her way.

  It was not until noon that Eunice
arrived home, and Kathleen, with two
hours’ start, could not be overtaken.

/^odard, on hearing of his daugh-
ter’s destination, was, for the
time being, nonplussed. He would
have to think this over. It was a
wholly unexpected move on Kath-
leen’s part. Cursing her in his black
heart, he betook himself, accompanied
by a fresh bottle of Levine’s commod-
ity, to the barn, and spent the after-
noon in consultation with the bottle.

  About 5 o’clock, having had a
brief nap, and awaking in an ug-
lier mood than ever, he came back
to the house for another bottle, and
with that he disappeared until dark.
He did not come into the house for
his supper, and to the summons of
his son Ernest he replied only with
such fervent curses that Ernest,
edified, returned to the house to
warn the rest of the family to leave
the "old man” alone.

  About 10 o’clock, alone, he set out
in his Ford car. The family heard
him go, but this meant nothing to
them. They were used to his blind
rages and to his goings and comings
at all hours.

  Exercising that kind of low cun-

ning which he had inherited from
his disreputable ancestors and which
had served him well in his many
evasions of the officers of the law
of the State of New York, he did not
drive through the neighboring small
village where Kathleen had met her
sister walking, but took a devious
way through obscure mountain roads
to Villanova, the larger town which
lay several miles inland from the
lake shore and where Father Tracy
lived.

  He left his Ford several rods up a
wood road at the foot of a mountain
near the edge of the town, and
threaded his way through the more
obscure streets in the direction of
the rectory.

  Very few people were abroad, but
when he arrived at the edge of the
back-yard of the parochial residence
he observed with a certain satisfac-
tion that the house was lighted in
what he supposed to be the pastor’s
study on the first floor.

 He had brought the automatic
pistol which always accompanied his
professional journeys over the Cana-
dian border, but his ride in the pure
Adirondack night air, and the neces-
sity for concentration in driving
over the rough mountain roads, had
dissipated the effects of the two bot-
tles of cut whisky which he had
consumed, to that degree that as he
approached the house with murder
in his black heart, he did so with all
the native cunning he possessed keyed
to the last notch, and, indeed, in
a state of almost preternatural cau-
tion. But within him, unleashed,
burned the evil fires of rage, disap-
pointment, and hatred against his
daughter and this good priest, which
had seared and hardened his evil
soul to the point where he would
stop at nothing.

  Under the stress of this stimula-
tion, he decided suddenly not to use
the pistol, and he looked about the
yard for a suitable weapon. The
794

WEIRD TALES

devil placed one to his hand. There,
near the back porch, lay an ideal
club, a section of thin gas-pipe left
that very day by the local plumber
who had fitted a new section to the
hand-pump which supplied the kit-
chen. He picked up the pipe, which
was about two feet in length, and
balanced it in his hand, a devilish
grin contorting his bleared features.

  Very softly he approached the
house on the side which lay in
shadow, and took his stand under
the lighted study window. Cautious-
ly he raised himself to a level with
the lower edge of the window, and
peered through the transverse aper-
ture left by an imperfectly pulled-
down shade.

  Kathleen sat with her back to him,
within two feet of the open window.
On the other side of the table sat the
priest. Kathleen was speaking. He
craned his neck to listen, his teeth
now, unconsciously, bared.

  "I think it would be better for me
to go to the convent out there in the
West, Father," she was saying, "for
as you say, the farther away I go the
safer I would feel."

  The priest made some reply, of ac-
quiescence and approval, unintelligi-
ble to Godard, who was now busily
engaged in removing with the deli-
cate touch of a repairer of watches,
the fasteners from the wire screen
which separated him from his prey.

  It came out in his hands without
a sound, and before the priest had
finished his remark, Godard was in
the room. Cursing frenziedly, though
still softly, for he was still under the
influence of his cautious obsession,
he sprang like a tiger through the
window, and with one terrific blow
had crushed his daughter’s lovely
head like an eggshell.

  Father Tracy, overcome with hor-
ror and momentarily helpless in the
face of this berserk attack out of the
calm mediocrity of his side-yard,
was the next victim. With unspeak-

able blasphemies on his crusted lips,
foam in the corners of his mouth,
Godard was upon him, and the iron
bar fell again and again until all
human semblance was gone and a
heap of huddled pulp on the rapidly
crimsoning floor of his quiet study
was all that remained mortal of the
kindly priest of God.

  Then, shivering under the fearful
reaction of his holocaust, Godard,
exercising the last remaining power
of the stimulation of his low cun-
ning, blew out the lamp, and as si-
lently as a shadow slipped out
through the opened window onto the
grass beneath.

He turned back along the shadow
of the houpe, but before he had
reached the open yard behind, he be-
thought him abruptly of the detached
wire screen which he had left lean-
ing against the side of the house.
He returned, catlike, and busied
himself with refastening it. Just as
he snicked home the last of the four
patent fasteners, footsteps ap-
proached along the sidewalk from the
farther side of the house, and he
crouched like an animal against the
side of the house in deep, protecting
shadow. The footsteps, accompanied
by two unconstrained voices, -and
punctuated by raucous laughs, con-
tinued past the house. Godard held
his breath until it seemed to burn
within his breast, and, furtively, cat-
like, watched with unwinking, small
eyes the two uncertainly-outlined
figures pass the house. At last they
were gone, and noiselessly he slipped
again along the side of the house
in the protecting shadow, and disap-
peared in the tangle of weeds at the
end of the yard.

  Again, by back streets, he thread-
ed his way tortuously toward the
mountain road where he had con-
cealed his car. As he stepped cau-
tiously out onto the main road which
led into the village of Villanova, he
THE LEFT EYE

795

almost ran into two large men who
were standing, smoking silently, at
the roadside. Involuntarily he
stopped, and the two turned toward
him. A blinding flash dazzled his eyes
as one of the men turned the gleam of
an electric flashlight in the direction
of the furtive shape which had brok-
en in upon their meditation. At once
Godard was recognized.

  It was the two men who had passed
the rectory while he was replac-
ing the wire screen in the window.
Both hailed him by name.

  “What you a-doin’ ’way out here
this time o’ night, Pierre?” came the
full bass of Martin Delaney.

  “ Goshamighty! Thought you was
a ghost or somep’n!” It was the
squeaky voice of Louis Le Grand.

  Shaking in abject terror, the stim-
ulation of his blood-lust entirely
dissipated and no longer supporting
him, Pierre Godard could only
stand, his knees shaking and knock-
ing, and goggle back at his inter-
locutors. At last, after the passage
of several moments, and a new look,
one of curiosity, had implanted itself
on the faces of the two countrymen.
Godard managed to gasp, in a dry
throaty voice, not at all like his own,
something about a piece of business
here in Villanova; and not waiting
to ascertain what effect his unusual
preoccupation might have upon De-
laney and Le Grand, he hastened at
a kind of shambling trot down the
main road toward his hidden car.

  Both Delaney and Le Grand were
very much mystified at Godard’s
unusual behavior. The two cronies,
commonly bereft of all but the usual
topics of local conversation, which
were anything but interesting, made
the most of this mild mystery. There-
fore it was very firmly implanted in
their rather obtuse minds that there
could be only one possible author of
the horrible crime which had been
committed in the rectory, when the

little town buzzed and seethed with
it the next morning.

  By 10 o’clock of that Friday, a
posse was out after Godard, under
the direction of a deputy sheriff and
equipped with three automobiles,
and had traced him as far as Wills-
boro Point by an imperfection in one
of his tires, when the search was
abruptly terminated by finding the
car itself, which he had abandoned
at the side of the Point road, at the
intersection of another road which
led down to the shore of the lake. It
did not require more than the very
average intelligence of deputy sher-
iff Maelear to come to the obvious
conclusion that he had got across
the lake and into Vermont, a con-
clusion corroborated by the state-
ment of an irate resident camper
who had been searching during the
past hour and a half for a missing
St. Lawrence skiff in which the
camper had planned to go perch-fish-
ing that morning, and which could

nowhere be discovered.

 t

  The posse drove back to Willsboro
station, and notified the Vermont
authorities at Burlington, by tele-
graph. Then deputy sheriff Maelear
reported to his superior, who got in
touch with Albany asking requisi-
tion papers on the governor of the
State of Vermont for a fugitive who
had, the night before, brutally mur-
dered his own daughter and a blame-
less priest of God.

  But the Vermont authorities, al-
though they took due action upon
the telegraphed information, which
contained an exact description of
Godard, failed signally to get on the
track of the fugitive from justice
who had left the New York shore,
unmistakably, from Willsboro Point.
Every usual precaution was taken,
and for some time it was surmised
that Godard, familiar with the lake
shores from a lifetime of contiguous
residence and from his professional
activities as a rum-runner, had man-
796

WEIRD TALES

aged to land on the Vermont side
and make his escape into the moun-
tains. The greatest puzzle was what
could have become of that St.
Lawrence skiff which he had dis-
covered so opportunely.

  Some of the clearer-headed of
those who set themselves to solve
this problem came to the conclusion
that Godard, desiring to conceal
from his pursuers the point of his
departure inland in Vermont, had
scuttled the boat near the shore’s
edge, which he could easily have
managed, either by smashing a hole
or two after landing, weighting
down the skiff with rocks, and shov-
ing her out into the deep waters of
the lake; or by doing the scuttling be-
fore landing, and swimming ashore.
At any rate there was, on the Ver-
mont side, no trace either of the
fugitive or of the delicate little ves-
sel in which he had left the New
York side.

As godard sped away from the
vicinity of Villanova it required
from him every particle of concen-
tration he could summon to drive
at all. He opened up his dingy little
car, which had, despite its battered
appearance, an excellent engine, and
hitting the high spots of the twin-
ing, rough mountain roads, he con-
centrated every effort in the blind
urge to put as many miles as pos-
sible between himself and the scene
of his horrible crime.

  It was only when after several
miles of incredible bumping and
swaying he had reached a State
road, that a definite objective for
his flight began to take form in his
harassed and befuddled mind. As
he gave fragmentary thought to this
pressing problem, something of his
native low-cunning reasserted itself.
His evil mind began to function. It
first became plain to him that he
could not return to his squalid home.
He had been seen, and recognized.

His one hope was that the crushed
and mangled bodies of his unfortu-
nate victims might not be discovered
until morning.

  There was no good reason why
they should be discovered. The
priest, as he knew very well, lived
alone except for a superannuated
old woman who was his housekeeper,
and this ancient crone had unques-
tionably retired for the night long
before his arrival in Villanova. Be-
ing ancient, and decrepit, she could
be trusted to sleep through every-
thing until morning. Barring a
night-call for Father Tracy, the
chances were excellent that the bod-
ies would not be discovered until
sometime the next morning. It was
now a little after midnight. It
would be light around 4 o ’clock. He
had something like four hours to
work in.

  He speeded up the car along the
lake shore southward. He would go
"up the lake” — as the southerly
direction, for some inexplicable rea-
son, was called, locally — away
from Canada. Canada had been
his first lucid thought; but that, as
he reasoned cunningly, would neces-
sitate a wide detour or else passing
through I*lattsburg, and he wished
to risk neither the loss of time, nor
the dash through a good-sized city,
even at 1 o’clock in the morning.
Therefore he turned south, in the
direction of Essex.

  As he neared Willsboro, the town
just north of Essex, a brand-new
idea occurred to him. By abandon-
ing his car somewhere hereabouts,
he could get an earlier start for cross-
ing the lake into Vermont. With
every mile he traveled, the lake nar-
rowed, but straight across from
Willsboro it would be only four
miles, and, he reasoned, he would
rather be out on the lake in the dim
dusk of early morning than attempt-
ing to conceal his car and steal a boat
in anything approaching daylight.
THE LEFT EYE

797

Some early-morning fisherman would
be sure to see him!

  A little past the Willsboro railroad
station, therefore, his idea having be-
gotten another, in his cunning brain,
this time something in the nature of
an inspiration, he turned his car
sharply to the left, grinning evilly as
he acted upon his newest hunch, and
ran back, nearly at right angles with
his previous course, down upon
Willsboro Point. This is a peninsula,
several miles in length, running
northeasterly—a section of fine farm-
land in the center, its two shores
thickly populated by summer camp-
ers, city people for the most part. No
one, pursuing, would ever imagine
that he had turned off, he reasoned.
Besides, the city people at the camps
had canoes, and in a canoe, from
somewhere near the Point’s end, he
could, with the greatest ease, make
his unseen way out to one of the
Four Brother Islands, conceal the
canoe in some dense thicket of under-
brush, and effectually hide out. There
were, too, lake-gulls ’ eggs in abun-
dance on the islands, and no one
would suspect, until it was too late,
that he had done otherwise than at-
tempt to make his escape, either into
Canada (his own first idea) or across
the lake into Vermont.

  The car was his immediate prob-
lem, but there was no way of solving
that. There was, as he well knew, no
water along the shore deep enough
to permit his sending it at full speed
over the edge into the lake, and so
hiding it effectually.

  He left it directly in the road, and
slunk down to the lake shore at his
right in search of a canoe.

  His luck held. At the very first
camp he reached he found not only
canoes but a St. Lawrence skiff, a
staunch type of boat, round-bot-
tomed, sharp-nosed at both ends, a
boat capable, like a canoe, of being
managed with a light paddle, but al-
though equally fast, infinitely

stauncher and less dangerous than
any canoe.

  Silently he launched out into the
lake, and with swift, yet noiseless
paddle-strokes shot his stolen skiff
out into the black darkness in the
direction of the Four Brothers.....

  These islands, “Lcs Isles des Quatre
Vents” of the voyageurs, are old
haunts of the lake smugglers. They
lie, from the viewpoint of one ap-
proaching them directly from the
Point shore, in the order of a mouth,
nose, and two eyes, roughly speaking.
The nearest, called "the mouth," was
sighted after a few minutes of vigor-
ous paddling by Godard, who passed
it to the right or southerly direction.
It had upon it a cabin, former resi-
dence of the keeper of the gulls,
which are protected by state law.
Godard was not looking for the com-
forts of cabins! He passed "the
nose," a low-lying, swampy island,
and paddled on to the island which
would correspond to the left eye.
This, the most rarely visited of the
islands, infested with gulls, presents,
like its fellow “eye," a precipitous
shore all around, and is heavily for-
ested with evergreens and thick, vir-
gin underbrush.

Guided precisely by the noise of
the gulls, which are constantly
bickering, and then by his own keen
eyesight, Godard carefully navigated
the little island, finally landing and
drawing the skiff into a tiny bay
which was little more than a cleft in
the guano-covered rocks. He con-
cealed the skiff, despite the darkness,
with immense cleverness, and began
the difficult ascent of the cliff.

  At last, bruised, spent, and be-
fouled with guano, he reached the
summit, and half walked, half
crawled through the tangled under-
brush toward the almost impene-
trable center.

  In his ascent he had disturbed
countless nesting gulls, and their din,
798

WEIRD

TALES

to his strained and tautened nerves,
was distracting, but the increased
noise did not trouble him. The gulls
were always at it, day and night, and
such an increase would not be heard
a mile and a half away on the sleep-
ing Point. It was, curiously enough,
the spider webs that really annoyed
him. Undisturbed for centuries,
these midnight spinners had worked
and spun and plundered the air with-
out hindrance.

  As Godard pushed his precipitous
way up the rocks and then again
through the almost impenetrable un-
derbrush, he was constantly brush-
ing away long, clinging webs, which
crossed and recrossed before his face
and neck, and about his scratched
and bleeding hands and wrists.

  As he penetrated farther and
farther toward the slightly conical
center of the little island, it seemed
to him that both the restraining
pressure and the clinging tenacity of
the webs were on the increase, but his
native wit assured him that this im-
pression was due to his fatigue and
the reaction from the enormous
amount of bad whisky he had im-
bibed during the afternoon.

  He was, indeed, in the very depths
of reactive depression. He cursed
softly and bitterly, with a despairing
note of self-pity, as the webs, ever
thicker and stronger, as it seemed,
appeared almost to reach out after
him, to bar his way to effectual con-
cealment.

  At last, trembling in every limb,
the salt sweat running into his
parched mouth, shaking and weak,
he observed that he was stepping
slightly downhill. His progress since
leaving the upper edge of the cliff had
been slightly ascending. He had
reached the approximate center of
the island.

  Wearily he paused, and almost
sobbing out his bitter curses, tore
fretfully, with trembling fingers, at

a great mass of thick, silky web that
had attached itself to his mouth.

  As he looked about him through
the darkness, and felt with his hands
for a comparatively level place on
which to sit down, he almost shrieked.
He had put his hand down on some-
thing feathery, soft, and yielding to
the touch. He looked, horrified, at
the ground. Gibbering in mortal
terror, he drew a box of matches
from his pocket, and, cupping his
hands, cautiously drew one across
the side of the box. The flare of the
safety-match revealed something
white. He looked closer, stooping
near the ground and carefully guard-
ing the flame of his match, and he
saw that it was the body of a gull.

  Something, he thought, something
that seemed as big as his two fists,
scampered away through the under-
brush, awkwardly, a lumpish kind of
thing. A mink, or weasel, his reason
reassured him.

  The match went out, burning his
fingers, and a pall of sudden black-
ness fell upon him. Terrified, less
moved with the caution of a lifelong
habitude for concealment, now, he
struck another match and examined
the gull by its yellow flare.

  From the bird’s throat ran two
thin streams of blood. The blood
stained his hands as he picked it up.
The gull was warm, living. It
struggled, sinuously, faintly, in his
hands. All about it, about its head
and about its legs, and pinning its
powerful wings close to its side, ran
great, silken swaths of spider’s web.
The gull muttered, squeakingly, and
writhed weakly between his hands.
With a scream he could not suppress
he hurled it from him and attempted
to rush away from this place of hor-
ror.

  But now, weakened by his ex-
ertions, his forces sapped by long de-
bauchery, his nerves jangling from
the terrific stress he had put upon
them that night, he could not run.
THE LEFT EYE

799

All about him the underbrush closed
in, it seemed to him, as though bent
malignantly upon imprisoning him
here among these nameless, silent,
spinning demons which had de-
stroyed the gull.

  He had hurled his matches away
with that same flinging motion begot-
ten of his horror. It was utterly
impossible to recover them now.

  The thick blackness had closed
down upon him again at the burning
out of the second match. He could
feel the blood suffuse his entire body,
and then recede, leaving him cold.
He shivered, as he suddenly felt the
sweat cold against his sodden body.
Chill after chill raced down his spine.
He whimpered and called suddenly
upon God, the forgotten God of his
erratic childhood.

  But God, it seemed, had no answer
for him. A soft touch came delicate-
ly upon the back of his clenched
right hand. Something soft, clinging
and silky, passed around it. Sud-
denly he shrieked again, and spas-
modically tore his hand loose. But
even as he struggled to free his hand,
a terrible pain seared his leg, a pain
as though he had stepped under
water upon a sting-ray; a pain as
though a red-hot poniard had been
thrust far into his calf; and then
something soft and clinging fell upon
his head and he could feel the thick
strands of silk being woven remorse-
lessly through his hair and about his
ears. . . .

  As he sank to the ground, his con-
sciousness rapidly waning, the first
n g i n g , composite, deliberate
strands went across his eyes. His last
conscious thought was of his daugh-
ter Kathleen’s soft, silky hair. . . .

It was not until nearly two weeks
later that the skiff came to light,
when four large rowboats slowly ap-
proached Les Isles des Quatre Vents
from the direction of the lake side of
the base of the Point. Crowded into

the boats were the boys from Camp
Cherokee making one of their annual
boat-hikes to the four islands. Their
course naturally brought them first
to the island which has been called
"The Left Eye.”

  The St. Lawrence skiff, loosened
from its primitive fastenings by a
heavy storm which had intervened,
had slipped out several feet from its
concealing underbrush.

  "Oh, look! Somebody’s out here
already!” shouted a sharp-eyed
youngster in the bow of the foremost
rowboat.

  "Can’t we land here, Mr. Tan-
ner?” asked one of the older boys
when all eyes had sought out and dis-
covered the skiff. "We have plenty
of time. Nobody ever comes to this
island, they say, and most of us saw
the others last year.”

  Consulting his watch, his mind on
lunch ashore, the counselor in charge
of the boat-hike gave his consent, and
the four rowboats drew in close to the
spot where Godard had made his
landing. Mr. Tanner looked closely
at the skiff.

  "I shouldn’t be a bit surprized,”
he remarked, slowly, "if that were
the skiff that was stolen from down
on the Point a couple of weeks ago! ’ ’
The boys chattered excitedly while
the boats lay off the shore of "The
Left Eye,” Mr. Tanner considering.
It was not impossible that the mur-
derer, Godard, lay concealed on this
island! No one had hitherto thought
of such a possibility..

  Mr. Tanner came to a conclusion,
after rapid thought. He would take
the skiff, thus cutting off the mur-
derer (if indeed he were concealed on
the island) from any probable escape.
So far it appeared a clear course.

   Two reliable, older boys, placed in
charge of the salvaged skiff, returned
it to its owners, who promptly tele-
phoned the sheriff.

  Mr. Tanner conducted his protest-
ing flotilla across to the island which
800

WEIRD TALES

 has been called “The Mouth"—the
 island on which stood the hut, and
 where the boys’ temporary camp-site
 had been planned. The oars moved
 reluctantly, for the boys wanted to
 land and “hunt the murderer.” Mr.
 Tanner, whose responsibility lay in
 another direction than the apprehen-
 sion of criminals, preferred to pro-
 ceed according to schedule.

    Two hours later a laden rowboat
  put off from the Point and ap-
  proached The Four Brothers. The
  watching boys, thus, as it were, aug-
  mented by the authorities, could be
  restrained no longer.

    Mr. Tanner was able to manage it
  so that his four rowboats followed
  the official rowboat to “The Left
  Eye.” Beyond that he could not
  control his Indians!

   The boys nearly swamped their
boats in their eagerness to disem-
' bark. . . .

    In the end it was one of them who

  did,	actually, discover Godard’s re-
  mains.

    “Gosh!” the rest heard him shout.
  “Look here, everybody! Here’s a
  thing like a mummy! ’ ’

    The spot was soon surrounded, the
  more agile boys distancing the slow-
  er-moving sheriff and constables.

    Godard’s body, easily identifiable
  from its clothing, lay, or, more pre-
  cisely, hung, in the thickest tangle of
  all the tangled bushes and brush
  which made the central, highest point
  of the little island almost impene-
  trable. At first sight, it gave the im-
  pression of a bundle of clothes rather
  than a human body. It was, as the
  boy had cried out. virtually a mum-
  my, though sodden through the
  draggled clothes (which Godard’s
  progress through the tearing brash
  had greatly disarranged) by the ef-
  fects of the heavy storm which had
  revealed the skiff.

    It gave the appearance of a human
  body which, as though by some long
  process of time, had dried up to a

mere fraction of its original bulk. It
swayed, held free of the ground by
the heavy brush, in the brisk breeze
which was blowing “up the lake”
from the cold north.

  The grayish appearance of this
strange simulacrum of a human form,
which at first puzzled the men when
they approached to disengage it
from the tangled bushes, was found
to be due to innumerable heavy
strands of broad opalescent silky
webbing, webbing which had been
wound about the head, about the
hands and arms and legs, webbing
now frayed and torn in places by the
wind and the friction of the bushes.

  One of the constables, a heavy,
rather brutal-faced person, pulled
at it and rubbed it from his hands on
his canvas overalls.

  “Looks for all the world like spi-
der web,” he remarked laconically.
“What d’you s’pose it can be,
Herb?” addressing the deputy sher-
iff in charge.

  Herb Maclear, the sheriff, pushed
his way through the brush close to
the body. He, too, examined the web,
touching it gingerly with his finger,
and then rubbing his finger as though
something uncanny, unwholesome,
had touched him. The boys, sensing
something dreadful, fell silent. Sev-
eral pushed their way toward Mr.
Tanner, and stood near him.

  Maclear, pale now, stooped and
seemed to be looking at something
near the ground. “Gimme that
stick!” he ordered. One of the con-
stables handed him what he demand-
ed, and with it the sheriff poked at
something on the ground. Their curi-
osity overcoming the general sense
of something queer about the whole
proceeding, several of the boys and
two of the constables shouldered
through the brush toward the sheriff,
now digging with his stick, his face
red again from stooping and his exer-
tions.
THE LEFT EYE

801

  Those standing nearest observed
that the sheriff was enlarging a hole
that ran into the ground near the
heavy root of one of the bushes, a hole
about which were heavy warps of the
same gray, shimmering web.

  The stick broke through a soft spot,
and sank far into the enlarged hole.

  “My God!” they heard the sheriff
say.

  He played delicately with the stick,
as though working at something that
the ground obscured. He twisted
and worked it about in the hole.

  At last he drew it up, still care-
fully, gingerly.

  And on its end, transfixed, there
came into the light of that morning
a huge, frightful, maimed thing, of
satiny, loathsome black, like the fur
of a bat, with glowing salmon-colored

striping showing upon its hunched
back—a spider as large as a prize
peach, with great, waving, now in-
effective, metal-like mandibles. They
saw its little burning eyes like harsh
diamonds gleam once, before the sher-
iff, holding it on the ground with his
stick, set his foot on the dreadful
thing.

  The wind blew cold from the north
as the men, in a tight knot, half
dragged, half carried the meager body
of Pierre Godard hastily out through
the retarding brush in silence, while
a subdued and silent group of boys,
closely gathered about their white-
faced counselor, hurried down the
declivity toward the edge of the cliff,
below which they could see their
boats, floating down there in the clean
water.

Vulture of Vultures Rock Was

THE MAN WHO
WAS DAMNED

 By CHARLTON LAWRENCE EDHOLM

  "... For instance, there is a proverb
that says, ‘Dead men tell no tales,’ but
it were well to consider whether the proverb
be not a concise summing up of human ig-
norance.”

Gude: Science and Superstition.

THE last sound my dulling eyes
heard was the twang of that
thin polished steel, which had
burned swiftly into my vitals, to be
as swiftly withdrawn.

  The Master of Geierstein coolly
wiped the rapier with his silken
scarf, while I writhed at his feet, and
as I gasped out my life he stood neg-
ligently plucking the blade as one

might finger a guitar; and like the
taut string of a guitar it answered
-zing-ng-ng; and as its vibrations
slowly passed into silence, again zing-
ng-ng-

 All this happened in the dark
woods on his side of the River Neck-
ar, for in following the stag I had in-
cautiously crossed the boundary that
divided my estate from that of my
family’s hereditary foe, the race of
Geier von Geierstein; Vulture of
Vulture’s Rock—and well named.

  The encounter took place in a den-
sely shadowed glade, and was, in
truth, little less than assassination,
802

WEIRD

TALES

for, as I realized when my rapier met
his breast, he wore under his fair,
white linen, he wore above his cruel,
craven heart, a corselet of tempered
links, delicate masterpiece of some
Italian armorer, and my blade
snapped like glass upon it.

  Seeing me disarmed, he thrust me
through the body, swiftly but not in
passion, and with a gentle laugh
stood back to watch me die. At in-
tervals he carelessly twanged the
lithe steel, which gave forth a sharp
note of exultation, passing away in
long musical vibrations, zing-ng-
ng-

  He hated me, with the hatred
nursed through many generations,
but it was not the hatred of a great-
hearted foe, which, defied even in
death, ends with death. He scorned
me: the scorn of his arrogant race,
the scorn of a successful rival, the
scorn of an ignoble victor. The bit-
terness of such scorn is far bitterer
than death. It taints the soul, even
the soul of the dead.

  "Vulture of Vulture’s Rock, I
will avenge myself!” were the last
words of mine he heard, and there-
at he laughed softly and shrugged
his shoulders.

  "Perhaps, but I think it highly
improbable, my good friend.” He
was secure; I left no son, and as for
my words, he deemed them the im-
potent ravings of a dying man.

  What other words I uttered with
my last choking gasps were not
meant for him, nor did he hear them
for his own soft, ironical laughter
and the twanging of his steel.

Three days elapsed. My body
had been found and carried to
Schloss Aarberg. The two wounds
(one in the breast where the rapier
had entered, a smaller one in the
back where it had passed out)
were washed, and the corpse, shroud-
ed for burial, was laid in the chapel

whose windows overlooked the tower
of Geierstein on its cliff across the
Neckar.

 Seven tapers burned about the
bier.

  Freiherr Geier von Geierstein lay
in his chamber overhanging the
river and slept, but not soundly, for
a fever that was in his blood. By his
side lay his wife, bride of a fortnight,
and her placid breathing told of
dreamless sleep.

  The windows were open, the air
had turned sultry and a black vapor
obscured the heavens. Not a star,
not one serene star shone in the dark
void, only a solitary baleful light
hung between earth and sky and
shot its red rays like a burning arrow
into the eyes of the sleeping man.
He turned to avoid it, he tossed
from side to side, he buried his face
in the pillows, but with lids open or
closed that sullen-glowing light tor-
tured him like a live coal upon his
eyeballs. It was from the chapel
window in Castle Aarberg, illum-
ined with the seven tapers that stood
about my bier.

  A faint yet distinct sound as of a
guitar plucked lightly—oh, so light-
ly!—pierced the silence as the poi-
soned ray pierced the night. Again it
sounded and again, still faint as
dream music, a short, clear note,
then long, long-drawn vibrations—
the shadow of a sound.

  Gradually the sound grew, draw-
ing nearer, ever nearer, now recur-
ring at longer, now at shorter inter-
vals, now a low murmur, now a
sharp, sudden twang, until to the
strained ear of him who listened the
sound-waves seemed to proceed from
a source within the walls of Castle
Geierstein, which they overfilled.
The sound-waves deluged the room,
deafening the wretched and fevered
man until he wondered at the peace-
ful breathing of her who slept at his
side.
THE MAN WHO WAS DAMNED

803

  He listened, scarcely breathing;
he tried to convince himself that it
was the blood throbbing in his ears;
that it was a meaningless noise, not
to be feared. He raised his head
from his hot pillow; he would as-
sure himself that this was some
natural and commonplace sound;
merely that. He opened his eyes.
The light from Schloss Aarberg’s
death chamber smote them. He fell
back upon his restless pillow. Fear
of he knew not what parched his
throat and turned his vitals to stone.

  At last (as I had foreseen) the
doomed man arose in desperation, not
with courage, groped in the dark for
his weapon, which he unsheathed, and
very quietly turned the handle of his
chamber door. The sound rang in his
ears; it was not loud yet it seemed to
echo down the long, stone corridor,
cleai’, metallic, insistent.

  Why must he trace that sound to its
source ? A strong pull at the cord by
his bedside would bring servants
running to do his will. He could
not. He fancied that the clangor of
the brazen alarm in the tense silence
would be more terrifying than to
go on.

  He cautiously re-closed the door;
quaking he picked his way along the
hall, guided by the row of windows
which admitted a pale light from the
courtyard. As he stole along the chill
length of the corridor he heard no
sound but his own heart-beats, and as
he reached the spiral staircase of the
Burgfried, the highest tower of Geier-
stein, he sneered at his own folly in
pursuing the fantasm of a restless
dream.

  He would go back; he would sleep
off this fever! As he turned, once
more the sound pealed forth, down
the winding stairs and upon his head
as if it would crush him.

  A sudden thought flashed light
upon his bewilderment and terror; in
the topmost window of the tower his

bride had fitted an seolian harp; he
remembered the resonant box with its
taut strings that answered to the
lightest wind in the tower. A mouse
scratching on the wood or gnawing
one of the strings had produced the
strange noises. A mouse, a timid,
foolish creature, frightened at a foot-
fall, had struck with terror the heart
of the Master of Geierstein! He
laughed aloud in his relief and the
spiral tunnel caught up his laughter
and answered, but with an intonation
so diabolical that he abruptly ceased.

  He was breathless, too, from the
quick ascent, and a little giddy from
following the stairs around their cen-
tral shaft. And so he climbed more
slowly, counting the windows, or ar-
row-slits, as he passed them. Of these
narrow apertures there were four to
each round of the spiral, looking to
the four points of the compass, and
always as he passed three of these the
light came pale and there was silence,
but as he passed the fourth which
faced Castle Aarberg, the light was
red and the sound fell upon his ears,
each time louder and more compell-
ing.

  Sometimes he responded with an
impatient oath, at the last spiral,
though, with a laugh of relief; and
as he sprang up the remaining few
steps to the circular room under the
roof, his eyes, searching for the seolian
harp—met mine.

  My eyes as he had seen them last,
my form as he had known it in life,
my rapier as it had vainly searched
for his heart; but it was unbroken
now, and on the long, gleaming needle
the red light from the window ran
back and forth like blood transmuted
to quicksilver. He recoiled a step. I
smiled; the smile with whi^h one
spurns a coward.

  Uttering a fierce outcry like a mad-
dened animal, he flung himself at me,
aiming at my heart the same thrust
that had served him so well—once.
804

WEIRD TALES

 I did not guard. His rapier
snapped in his hand like glass against
my breast.

 My own weapon but touched his
body; his impetus served me better
than my force. The polished steel
slid through, appearing like a flash of
light behind him.

  As he dropped I carefully wiped
the blade with a silken scarf on
which, as I took pains to show him,
were dark brown stains.

  While he lay writhing, I twanged
but once on the weapon., It gave forth
the sound, so like the vibrations of a
guitar sharply touched, the sound
that had drawn him from the side of
his sleeping bride.

  He was long a-dying. The first
fiery serpent tongue of a midsummer
storm darted from the cloud-laden
west. He was long a-dying. The
tempest burst overhead while I stood
watching him.

  Before the last spark of intelli-
gence was dimmed, I bent over him
and whispered in his ear, that he
might hear me distinctly through the
roar of the elements: ‘‘Geier of Geier-
stein, think not that death sets you
free. There is a bitterness more bit-
ter than death. It is mine to requite
you.”

It was not until two days and two
nights had passed that I allowed
his tortured soul to return for a brief
respite.

  They had found his body in the
tower chamber that same night. A
bum on his breast, a smaller one on
his back, and his shattered rapier on
the floor, told a clear story to the
physician. The storm that had shaken
the mighty castle of Geierstein had
felled its lord with a thunderbolt. So
it was interpreted by all.

  He lay in his bridal chamber two
days and two nights, and all the time
she whom I loved was bending over
the body that she incessantly strove to

recall to life. Then I realized the
wealth of love that I had lost and
that he had won, and I hated him the
more. It was unfairly won, for he
was incapable of love. He had wooed,
as he had lived, as he had fought,
traitorously. Vulture of Vulture’s
Rock!

  He breathed at last, he stirred, he
opened his eyes, and the horror of
their gaze was unutterable. He raved,
he blasphemed, he sought in vain for
words to tell them of the terrors his
soul had undergone in those two days
when I lashed and rode it through the
Universe of Death.

  They could not understand nor be-
lieve.. When in his terror he entreat-
ed piteously for help from the im-
placable foe who sat so sternly
waiting at his bedside, they called
it delirium; when, finally, I again
snatched his wretched soul to myself
they called it death.

  Only once more did his spirit re-
turn to his body; in the tomb. But
a few years ago workmen unsealing
his vault (with its boastful epitaph)
found the leaden casket burst and
open almost wide enough for the
quick-interred to escape. By the pos-
ture of the skeleton one could see that
his struggles must have been super-
human.

  The memorial tablet that covers my
own poor bones tells in sonorous
Latin that I was a good churchman,
a very soldier of the faith. No tomb-
stone flattery, that. It is true. In
life my soul was my very dearest
treasure (next to my sacred honor)
and I ardently prayed for its salva-
tion. Still I think you will agree
with me that I was given a good price
when with my last gasp I bartered my
soul, my only remaining possession, to
the Evil One for—well, let us say for
satisfaction.

  It was one summer evening, a hun-
dred and fifty-odd years ago, in the
woods by Geierstein.
"It was death to a white man to see
the God of Windina, for such sacri-
lege brought calamity on the Man-
dingo people.”

THE smoking room of the
Travelers Club was emptying
rapidly. Many of the mem-
bers were leaving for the theaters,
and others preferred the billiard
room, or the library. The obsequious
waiters were still hurrying about
carrying coffees, black and white,
liqueurs and cigars, and over the
whole premises brooded an air of
quiet serenity.

  There were four members of the
Travelers Club in the smoking room,
and each had drawn up a huge arm-
chair so that they formed a semicir-
cle before the cheery fire.

  These four men were travelers all,
and would have been introduced as
Sir Henry Faber, K. C. M. 6. K. B.
E. F. R. G. S., to the right of the fire.
Next him sat Sir Welldon Mainwar-
ing, K. C. B., K. C. S. I. K. N. S., F.
R. H. S. G. S., while Joseph Wilson,
B. C. H. F. R. C. P., F. R. S. E., was
the third man.

  In the fourth chair sat the Hon.
Stanley Bellchambers.

  "By Jove,” drawled Sir Henry
Faber, "d’you know it is just five
years this week since we have all met
at the same time in the club? Then,
however, we had a fifth. Where is
he ? Still shooting at lions and hitting
monkeys ? Old Grey always was a bad
shot. I shall not forget the time
when he shot a keeper in the leg. It
cost £50.”

  "Yes, where is Allison Grey, Bell-
chambers ? ’ ’ asked Wilson. ‘ ‘ He was a
good sort, but he always was a mud-
dler.”

  Bellchambers, the man appealed to,
did not join in the laughter which
escaped from the lips of the other
three.

  "Poor old Allison Grey has gone
West,” he said quietly.

  Immediately the faces of the others
assumed a solemn look.

                                 805
806

WEIRD TALES

  “You mean to say!” said Main-
waring. “I’m sorry. How did it
happen ?’ ’

  “It is the first I have heard about
this, ’ ’ said Faber. * ‘ The last I heard
about him was that he was sailing for
Liberia. Did he die out there? Or

was he-” He made an eloquent

gesture which spoke for itself.

  “Allison Grey is not alive, and
that is all I can tell you. He didn’t
die naturally, and he certainly was
not killed. ’ ’

  “That, if I may say so,” joined in
Mainwaring, “sounds like a paradox.
But how do you know?”

  ‘ ‘ Because, ’ ’ answered Bellcham-
bers, ‘ ‘ 1 was with him when his spirit
left this earth. I will tell you the
story.” He paused, and then he sat
up suddenly, and leaning over to Sir
Welldon Mainwaring he said sharply,
“Mainwaring, do you believe in
mesmerism ? ’ ’

  Before he answered, Mainwaring
thought for a few seconds. “If you
ask me whether I really believe that
one person can mesmerize another,
with my experience of the Indian na-
tives I say emphatically ‘yes.’ In
my belief the so-called wonderful In-
dian rope trick is nothing but a
hypnotic suggestion to the audience,
who imagine something that never
happens.”

  “Your two words, ‘hypnotic sug-
gestion,’ Mainwaring, are the two
words I have been hunting for. Lis-
ten and I will tell you of the passing
of Allison Grey.”

  The men leant back comfortably in
their chairs, and as a waiter came in
answer to their ring, Wilson ordered
a fresh supply of liqueurs. They
soon arrived, and then the three of
these men listened to a tale that en-
thralled even hardened travelers such
as they. As the tale unfolded, their
cigars died out, and the liqueurs re-
mained untouched.

“Tt was about eighteen months
ago,” started Bellchambers,
“that I determined to make a trip
into the interior of Liberia. As a mat-
ter of fact, my reason for making this
trip was that during my previous
travels in Liberia I had heard that in
a certain village not far from the
Niger, in the Mandingo country, the
natives had a new fetish which was
causing an extraordinary amount of
interest, not only to the village itself
and its neighbors, but for many,
many miles around. As the majority
of villages have their own particular
fetishes, and their own witch doctors,
it occurred to me that it must indeed
be something out of the ordinary to
excite such a commotion. It was said
that there were pilgrimages being
made every week from villages as far
distant as fifty miles to see the won-
derful fetish.

  “In due course I had all prepara-
tions completed, and having hired
twenty Vai men as porters I made a
start. Of course it took me quite a
time to get near my destination, but
I noticed that the nearer I got to
Windina, the name of the village at
which the fetish resided, the quieter
and the more secretive were the na-
tives. Neither could my Vai boys get
any information as to what the fetish
was.

  “One day I happened to strike the
Epwesi village of Kinko, and having
duly presented the chief with a pres-
ent I was shown to the guest house,
and here I lay down and went to
sleep.

  “In the middle of the night I was
awakened by one of my Vai boys, who
reported that one of the villagers
wanted urgently to speak to me. I
saw the villager, and learnt that No-
goni, the chief, was dying and had
sent for me to save him.

  “I went to see Nogoni, and found
his face screwed up in pain.

  “ ‘Oh, Master,’ he groaned when
he saw me, ‘I am dying of sickness.
THE CHOKING OF ALLISON GREY

807

Chief, save me, and I will do all you
ask me.’

  "I soon diagnosed his trouble and
found that all he wanted was a dose
of castor oil, which I always carry
about with me for cases of this sort,
which are frequent. This I adminis-
tered, and told him he would not die
before dawn, and that I would see
him just one hour after the siyi
(cock) had crowed.

  "I kept my promise, and of course
his pain had gone.

  " ‘Chief,’ he said, ‘you have saved
me with your nasty abominations. I
will keep my word. Command me,
and you shall have all my seven
daughters as your wives.’

  “I hastily explained that I did not
wish his seven daughters as my wives,
as I did not feel inclined to marry,
but he could oblige me by giving me
some information concerning the new
fetish of Windina.

  "His face fell when I asked him
this, but he kept his word.

  " ‘Oh, Master!’ he began; ‘five
moons ago, I and N’Gesgi, the witch
doctor, and some of the elders of the
village made a pilgrimage to Windina
to offer up prayer to the new God,
and take presents. Oh, Chief! I may
not tell you of what I saw, for it is
death to any white man to see the
God, for it is said that when a white
man sees the God of Windina, then
shall terrible calamity descend on the
Mandingo people.’

  " ‘Can you not tell me, Nogoni,
what the God is like, whether it is
small or large.’

  " ‘Oh, Master! I should die if I
told you, for M’Bena, the witch doc-
tor of Windina, would order me to

die.’

  "At this I pondered to myself, for
I could see that I could extract no
more information from Nogoni. I
must unconsciously have been think-
ing aloud, for while I was wondering
whether they would dare kill a white

man for seeing the fetish, Nogoni
broke in on my thought.

  " ‘Master, they would indeed kill
any white man who saw the God, for
already one white man is waiting
death, which will come when the new
moon begins. He but touched the
house in which dwells the new God.’
" ‘What say you, Nogoni? Have
they dared set hands on a nu-kule
(white man)?’

  "My face must have betrayed my
anger, for Nogoni looked fright-
ened.

  " ‘Master, that is what I have
heard. ’

  "Under these circumstances it de-
volved upon me to rescue the white
man, whoever he might be.

" 'C'or some days I traveled through
the bush, and then crossing
through an extremely thick belt of
forest I approached Windina. I sent
one of my Vai boys forward with
some handsome presents for the
chief, and also a present for the fet-
ish.. He soon returned with the in-
solent message that I must not enter
the village but that Bebioni would
condescend to come to meet me. Pres-
ently arrived some Windina boys
with reciprocal presents, and a mes-
sage to the effect that Bebioni was on
his way. He arrived a few minutes
later with a retinue of warriors and
wives, and the elders of the villages.
On seeing my party they halted. I
stepped forward and Bebioni did the
same.

  " ‘Chief,’ I said, ‘wherefore am I
bidden not to enter your village
when I come on a peaceful errand,
and have sent you presents?’

  " ‘Master,’ he replied, ‘you know
of the new God of Windina, and you
would set eyes on the God, but
the good God has communicated to
M ’Bena that no white man may defile
its presence.’

  " ‘And wherefore to good M’Bena,
the witch doctor, comes this madness
808

WEIRD TALES

that he bids the white man begone?
Oh, Bebioni, you know the power of
the white man, and if you kill one,
then will come many hundreds of
others with sticks of fire which go
pop-pop-pop, and will kill many score
with a streak of lightning. Then
your Good God would blame Bebioni
for their deaths. ’

  "He was visibly impressed by my
rating of the powers of the European,
and least of all did he like the men-
tion of the blame being put on his
shoulders by the Good God. Seeing
this I pursued my advantage still
farther.

  " ‘Bebioni, the stick of fire which
goes pop-pop-pop has whispered into
my ears that there lies in your village
a white man.’

  ‘ ‘ His eyes fell before mine, and he
shifted uneasily from one foot to an-
other.

  " ‘Master, I know not of what you
speak. ’

  " ‘Bebioni, that stick of fire which
goes pop-pop-pop has whispered into
my ears that when the new moon be-
gins, that white man will be sacrificed
to the Good God because the white
man began to lay his hands on the
building of the Good God. Further-
more, if that white man die, then will
come many white men and the gun
will go pop-pop-pop, and many lives
will be lost.’

  " ‘Master,’ he replied in a weak
voice, ‘the gun which goes pop-pop-
pop has told you wrongly. ’

   ‘ ‘ ‘ Bebioni, already I hear the pop-
ping of the gun and see many natives
dying, I see many white men seizing
Bebioni, and they throw a rope over
the tree, and Bebioni is hanging by
the neck.’

  “ ‘Master, he shall be released.’

  " ‘Bebioni will invite me into the
village. ’

  “ ‘Master, Bebioni wishes you to
stay in Windina.’

In due course and with proper
solemnity I marched into the vil-
lage with my twenty Vai boys. We
were greeted with scowls, but were
not molested, and I was shown to the
Guest House. Soon a messenger ar-
rived asking me to meet Bebioni.

  "I followed the messenger and we
arrived at a meeting of the villagers.
Seated in a big chair was Bebioni,
who was surrounded by his wives,
and elders of the village. At his
right hand was the chief witch doctor,
who, I judged, and rightly, as I after-
ward found, to be M’Bena. Squatting
in a semicircle round the chair were
the natives of the village.

  ‘ ‘ ‘ Oh, Master, ’ cried Bebioni when
he saw me approaching, ‘I have in-
vited you hither in order that you
might tell the gun that goes pop-pop-
pop that the white man is to be. re-
leased. Fetch the white man!;

  "I was watching M’Bena’s face as
Bebioni said this, and if ever I saw
a face containing a look of cruel
vindictiveness and cunning it was
then. I trembled for the white man.
There was a stir as some of the na-
tives returned with the captive. I
did not recognize the dirty face and
the unkempt appearance till the
prisoner gave a cheery laugh, and
then I knew I was face to face with
Allison Grey.”

  The speaker paused and there was
a quietness in the smoking room. Not
a sound was heard, until Mainwaring
found his cigar was out, and struck
a match to relight it. Wilson, sud-
denly discovering a waiter at his side,
saying, “Did you ring, sir?” knew
then that it was the fourth time the
question had been asked, but the
other three times it had not reached
his consciousness.

  "No,” he said irritably and waved
him away, but a voice came from be-
hind the four: "Yes, John, a Cura-
<;oa. ’ ’ The four looked up, and to
their surprize found several of the
members had come in during the
THE CHOKING OF ALLISON GREY

809

story and had drawn up to listen.
"Go on, Bellchambers, don’t mind us,
we won’t interrupt,” said one of the
newcomers, and he went on: "But
you were all so absorbed that you did
not notice me, and I was so interested
I took the liberty of listening.”

  "That’s all right,” said Bellcham-
bers with a far-away look in his eyes.

  Presently he continued.

  “You can imagine what a surprize
I had when I found that the white
man I had rescued was our old friend
Allison Grey.

   ‘ ‘ ‘ Hullo, old chap! ’ he yelled over
to me in English, ‘you didn’t expect
to find me here, did you? Say,
though, who won the Derby?’

  "You all know the kind of ass Grey
was, but he was no coward. I think
he would have made a joke with his
executioner had he ever been hung.

  "Bebioni now spoke. ‘Whiteman,'
he said to Grey, ‘you, who put hands
on the sacred building of the Good
God, you should have died. Ay, and
you would have died on the first
night of the New Moon as Ndyara
(the lion) uttered his first hunting
call, if Chief Bellchambers had not
told me of the gun which goes pop-
pop-pop. Had you set eyes on the
Good God nothing would have saved
you, for the Good God would have
protected us from the pop-pop-pop
gun.’

  "All would have been well now, for
Grey was free, and Bebioni in a good
temper. We could have left at once,
and Grey would have lived to have
told this tale, but like the cheerful
idiot he always was, as usual he put
his foot in it.

  " ‘Pah!’ he cried, and snapped his
fingers, ‘I don’t care that much for
your blessed old God! It can’t harm
me!’

  "Pandemonium broke loose, for the
natives rose up with a shrill yell and
in another moment they would have
rushed us both, and neither of us
would have lived another second, but

Bebioni and M ’Bena halted them just
in time.

  " ‘Peace!’ called out Bebioni in a
huge voice. ‘ I have granted the
white man his liberty.’

  ‘ ‘ The natives sullenly squatted once
more, but many were the scowls that
Grey received.

 "Then M’Bena spoke. ‘Listen,
white man,’ he said in quiet tones,
‘listen, you who put hands on the
house of the Good God, and look at
me.’

  "Grey looked him in the eyes, his
lips and nose sneering. M’Bena’s
glance caught and fixed his eyes to
his own, and Grey stood there bound
by a stronger will than his to look
into M’Bena’s eyes, while M’Bena in
slow monotonous tones recited the fol-
lowing: ‘Listen, oh doomed white
man, listen to the edict of M’Bena,
the witch doctor, the devil doctor, the
right hand of Bebioni, the chosen of
the Windina, and servant of the Good
God, listen to me, I say: by the grace
of Bebioni, chief of the Windina in
the Mandingo country, you, who have
mocked the Good God, shall suffer.
No native hands shall touch you, for
we fear the pop-pop-pop gun, but
you shall die. Yes, you shall choke
to death. On the first night shall you
fear much and sleep not, on the sec-
ond night less fear shall you feel,
and on the third be quite easy, and
mock the Good God once more. But
on the fourth night you shall dream
of being choked, and wake to find it
but a dream. Then shall you rejoice.
On the fifth night once more you
shall dream and once more wake still
to feel the fingers choking. On the
sixth night no sleep shall you get for
the fear which will consume you, and
on the seventh night, when the new
moon rises for the first time, then
shall the unseen fingers of the Good
God strangle you till breath ceases,
and you will know the power of the
Good God. Chief Bellchambers shall
live, for he respects the Good God,
810

WEIRD TALES

and the Good God is pleased with the
presents which the chief sent. Thus
says M’Bena, the witch doctor, the
devil doctor, the right hand of Be-
bioni, the chosen of the Windina, the
servant of the Good God.’

  “The chant came to an end and
Grey shivered, and I could see the
sweat pouring from his forehead.
Slowly he turned away, and in his
eyes I saw a great fear.

  “We left Windina soon after-
ward, and made for the coast again.
Poor Grey never said a word for
hours. The Vai boys also were quiet
and every now and again would give
a pitying glance at Grey.

“XTigiit came at last and we
camped. Grey’s nerve had
gone and he could scarcely eat, and
he would keep on easting frightened
glances over his shoulder as if fear-
ing an attack. The fire could not be
made hot enough for him. Huddled
in his blankets he sat there moaning.
I tried to buck him up, but when I
spoke he only looked at me blankly
as if he did not understand what I
was saying. It was some time before
I fell asleep, and he was still awake
then.

  “The next morning he was better,
more like his old self, and when
breakfast was over he was laughing
and joking with his old abandon. He
tried to shoot a bubal hartebeeste
which we saw, and with his old clum-
siness hit something which squeaked
quite ten yards away from the object.
He kept lively during the day, but
as evening approached he became
quieter.

  “Once more we camped, and he
exhibited the same symptoms as on
the previous evening, but to a lesser
degree, and I had the satisfaction of
seeing him fall asleep before I, too,
joined him in the paradise of rest.

  “I need say nothing about the next
day, or even the next night, for he
was just as you all knew him, a jolly

carefree devil, as brave as you make
them, and as careless as a yasiri
(hippopotamus). By this time he was
ridiculing all that had happened in
Windina, and treating it all as a huge
joke, just as M’Bena had said he
would. I must admit, however, that
I, too, really did not feel any real
alarm, because I did not see how a
man could be strangled without the
aid of a human agency, and it was
only natural that the queer effect
which the witch doctor’s recitation
had had on us should wear off with
the passing of time. Therefore on
the third night Allison Grey mocked
the Good God and defied it to do its
worst.

  “On the fourth day we reached
Nogoni’s village again. His surprize
at seeing Allison Grey still alive was
only exceeded by his admiration for
me for having effected the release of
the white man.

  “As it was after 3 o’clock and we
had been traveling continuously for
seven days, I decided to stop the
night in the village, so we lay down
on blankets in the guest house, which
I will admit was kept decidedly
cleaner than the majority of such
places. The rest of the day we
strolled round the village and talked
to the villagers.

  “When I went to bed I had a com-
fortable feeling that the episode of
the Windina village was completely
over.

  “It seemed as though I had scarce-
ly closed my eyes when I felt a rough
shaking at my shoulder, and sprang
up to find it was Grey waking me.

  “Not in the best of humor at this
summary awakening, I asked him
what the devil he wanted, in a some-
what angry voice, but when I looked
at his eyes, what I saw there made
me soften, for there was the fear of
death in them.

  “‘My God, Bellehambers! ’ he
shouted, and there was an awful ring
THE CHOKING OF ALLISON GREY

811

in his voice. ‘Who’s been in this
place ?’

 "I struck a match, and by its
flickering light found that with the
exception of our two selves the room
was empty. ‘No one,’ I replied, and
thus questioned him in turn: ‘What
ails you, man?’

  “Having satisfied himself that the
hut really was empty and that no
one, apparently, had entered, he
calmed down and went on to tell me
that soon after he had fallen asleep
he dreamt that M’Bena had entered
the hut, and putting his knees on his
(Grey’s) chest had clutched him by
the throat and commenced throttling
him.

  ‘ ‘ I persuaded him that it was noth-
ing but a dream and at length he fell
asleep again.

 “The next day we bid Nogoni
adieu, and I really believe he was
sorry we were going, for he had taken
a liking to me. He was not a bad
sort, either, and his sense of humor
was undoubtedly strong, even for the
natives, who are as a whole decidedly
humorous, although perhaps some of
their more subtle humor would not
appeal to the European taste. Nogoni
advised me to sleep at a village at
which his sister’s husband was chief,
and as it was comparatively on my
way, I decided to do so, and one of
Nogoni’s men came with us.

  “During the march Grey several
times referred to his dream of the
previous night, and in some uneanny
way it depressed him, for his spirits
were very low; although why a bad
dream should depress a person for
the following twenty-four hours is
beyond my comprehension.

"TTaving found Nogoni’s sister’s

  -Ti. husband, we slept at his vil-
lage.

  "Grey seemed a bit afraid to go
to sleep, but after some persuasion I
made him realize that no one could
get in without my hearing, and to ap-

pease him I set one of my Vai boys
on guard outside the door.

  "Several hours afterward I was
awakened by terrible screams. Jump-
ing up hurriedly, I lit a torch and
rushed over to Grey.

  " ‘Drag him off, Stanley!’ he
yelled; ‘the beggar’s choking me! I
can’t breathe!’

  "His voice sank to a husky whis-
per while his hands clawed at his
throat. I rubbed my eyes, but there
was no one to be seen. I shook Grey
by the shoulders and his antics
ceased, and sanity returned into his
eyes. He grasped hold of my hand
as a drowning man would grasp a
straw, and sobbed.

  " ‘Stanley,’ he moaned, ‘why
didn’t you kill him?’

  “ ‘Who?’ I asked.

  " ‘M’Bena. He was on my chest
choking me.’

  "I examined him for signs of
malaria but could find no trace of
fever. ‘My dear old Allison,’ I said
to him gently, ‘no one has been in
this house since we both came to-
gether,’ and I called the Vai boy,
who corroborated my statement.

  ‘ ‘ I decided that we had been
marching too much, and the heat
was affecting Grey’s brain, so I made
up my mind to stop for three days at
the village we were in—I forget its
name at the moment. Grey seemed
rather glad.

  “The following morning he was
even more depressed than the day be-
fore, and he just sat and shivered the
whole day long. When night came
he begged of me not to go to sleep,
and to oblige him I said I wouldn’t,
but my flesh or brain was stronger
than my will-power, and I fell asleep.
Nothing awakened me, however, but
when I awoke in the morning I found
Grey had not slept a wink, the whole
night through, and his eyes had sunk
in and his cheeks were hollow.

  "He clung to me like a little child,
and when the Vai boy brought some
WEIRD TALES

breakfast in, he scarcely had strength
to lift the spoon to his mouth, and
half of the food slopped over the side
and messed down his trousers.

  "In vain I tried to cheer him up
and tell him we would soon reach
the coast, and then England. Nothing
could move him, and he just clung to
me and moaned and sobbed.

  " ‘Don’t let him come tonight,
Stanley! Shoot him if he comes near.
For God’3 sake protect me!’ And
that is how he kept on the whole day
long. I offered him a native-made
cigarette, made by one of my Vai
boys out of native tobacco, but he
turned it round and round in his fin-
gers and looked at it as if he had
never before seen a cigarette. When
I placed it in his mouth and lit it he
puffed at it two or three times and
then threw it away.

  "The long day dragged painfully
on and on. The midday meal was
brought in, and this time Grey would
not touch it.. As the afternoon drew
on his mind partly broke, and he took
me for M’Bena, and seized my throat.
I struggled in vain; with the strength
of a madman he treated me like a
baby, and had it not been for some
of my boys entering at the sound of
the struggle my life would have been
ended there and then. This I treated
as a lesson, and so I arranged for
six of my boys to stay up and look
after him during the night.

  "As darkness fell he recovered his
sanity, and also his fears, and he
cowered in a corner, covering his
face with his arms.

  "The^ night dragged on slowly. All
the surrounding jungle was awake,
and I could hear the animals uttering
their different hunting cries. Instinc-
tive^ I waited for the roars of the
lion. Once I heard him giving a
long wailing cry as he called for his
cubs and mates to follow him, and I
looked sharply over to Grey, but
nothing happened
“Then suddenly, arising above all
other sounds of the jungle, I heard
the roars of His Majesty as he hunt-
ed, and it sounded like the deep re-
verberating rolls of distant thunder.

  " ‘My God! my throat! He is at
my throat!’ Grey yelled out, and a
faint beam of the New Moon shone
through a crack in the door. He
threw himself on the floor, rolled
about in wild paroxysms, and clawed
at his own throat.

  ‘ ‘ ‘ Get hold of his arms! ’ I shouted
to the terrified boys. They did so,
and it required all our combined
strength to hold him down. There
was a gurgle in his throat, and his
eyes rolled fearfully. Then as the
loud roar of the lion died away I
heard the death rattle in Allison’s
throat.

  "I struck a match, and on the skin
were two purple blotches just as if
Grey were strangled to death.’’

“ A jolly fine yarn, but a pure co-
-*»- incidence," said one of the
members who had been listening.

  “Perhaps," answered Bellcham-
bers slowly.
The Story So Far

'THROUGH an instrument called the myrdoscope,
* Brett Gryce sees a girl in a distant world, men-
aced by a giant. Her world is so vast that a sec-
ond of Time there takes whole years of earthly
measure. During three years he catches glimpses
of the girl and her peril, the giant about to bring
down a huge tree on her head, and the girl
awakening to a sense of terror, but all this has
taken but a second of Time on that vaster world.
Brett and Martt Gryce set out to rescue the girl,
in a space-ship invented by their father. Dr.
Gryce, which can change its position in Time and
Space. They increase their size to fifty million
times what it was on earth, and penetrate beyond
our universe faster than the speed of light, until
they are lost in the black immensity of Space,

CHAPTER 7

“A SINGLE STARLIT NIGHT—
AN ETERNITY”

BRETT had momentarily paused
in his narrative, but when we
would have plied him with
questions he waved us aside.

  “Let us finish first. The panic that
was upon us with this knowledge—
belief—that we were lost out there in
Time and Size and Space did not last

This story begun in WEIRD TALES for April

“The girl screamed—a little
voice, shrill with terror, an
agony of sudden fear.”

long, for we fought against it.. And
presently we were calmer—able to
reason. Our size-dials were at rest—
we had shut off the switch. By earth
standards the vehicle was 500,000
miles in height. Our relative Time
was a century of yours, to a little
more than a minute of ours. Some

8.000	years into your earth-future
had already piled up on the earth
standard Time-dial—and we were
adding one hundred years to it al-
most every minute. Our velocity
had reached a maximum of 3480
light-years per hour—and we were

12.000	light-years from earth. The
velocity was now lessening a trifle; it
dropped nearly to an even 3,000.
With unchanging size now, with
nothing near us to repel or attract,
the ether friction overcame inertia to
reach a balance of forces.

 “We conquered our fear—began
to reason what we should do. It was
of course futile to look for your aural

813
814

WEIRD TALES

ray. It had been extinguished thou-
sands of years. We wanted to go on
to our destination, and it was the non-
operation of the myrdoscope which

worried and puzzled us.....I was

sure, Father, that up to this point in
the voyage I had made no serious er-
ror of direction. The image of the
girl should have been before us. But
the myrdoscope would not work.”

 "The Time-” I suggested.

 “Ah, no, Frank! We had pro-
gressed very little into the Time of
that girl’s life. She should still have
been reclining there on the bank; or
at least the bank itself should have
been there. We puzzled over what
could be the trouble with the myrdo-
scope. We found the trouble-”

  “I found it,’’ said Martt eagerly.

  Brett nodded. “Yes, it was Martt
who reasoned it out. A curious ex-
planation—and one, I think, which
involves the greatest of all the issues
we had encountered. The myrdoscope
would not operate for a very big, but
very simple reason. You would think
to find the answer in Science? Not
so. It was a theosophical reason,
Father.”

  Brett was very earnest, and very
solemn. “It was my purpose, you
understand, to reach the girl at the
exact moment we had always seen
her. We planned to make our Time
before reaching her, coincident with
hers of that given instant. Remem-
ber that. Consider then: At this other
instant when now we were trying to
see her through the myrdoscope, our
Time-rate had carried us about 8,000
years into earth’s future. But also,
it had carried us some forty minutes
into the girl’s future.

  “Not science now. Metaphysics,
perhaps—and certainly Theology,
and Theosophy. We were destined to
be with the girl during those forty
minutes. And we could not now look
ahead and see ourselves—see our fu-
ture actions.

  “Father, you’ve spoken of that.
What you said was true. It is not
God’s way that man should look at
his own little future. Not best for
us. The Almighty knows it, and has
prohibited it. Chaos would result,
for we live upon hope. There was no
scientific reason why the myrdoscope
should not show us what we were
destined to do during those forty
minutes. Yet—it was dead. Dark.
Inoperative.

  “And this now I know: With all
the science in the world there are
some things you can not do—those
things which transgress the Creator’s
laws. Before them—against all
scientific reason, logic—we must fail.
You can not see your future; you can
only live it once. Nor can you go
back through Time to stop in your
own Past; to live again your life—to
do differently than you did before. It
is unthinkable — impossible, even
though now we have the scientific
means to accomplish it. It is not the
Almighty’s plan—and He will not let
us do it.

  “We reasoned all this out. It was
simple enough. We had our Time-
switch which would change our Time-
rate irrespective of the normal Time-
change inherent to our size. . . . That
was what puzzled you awhile ago,
Frank? Well, now we used that
Time-change mechanism.

  "It brought us new sensations. A
shock, a queer humming lightness
pervading the vehicle, the air, our
own bodies. A lightness as though
almost we were mere shadows of our
former selves. Specters, a ghostly
vehicle, humming with an infinite
vibration.

  "Presently that all wore away; or
at least we grew used to it—so that
had there been anything in Space to
see, as very soon there was, ourselves
were the substance—all else the
shadows.
EXPLORERS INTO INFINITY

815

  "We went backward very slightly
in Time. I suppose some forty min-
utes of the girl’s Time. I tested it
by the myrdoscope. The instrument
flashed on! It was operating! A
continuous retrograde action of the
Time-mechanism was necessary to
hold us upon that single given instant
of the girl’s existence. The calcula-
tion was intricate; I reached it, part-
ly by mathematics, partly by experi-
mentation with the myrdoscope. I
saw fragments of the girl’s immedi-
ate Past, as our Time-change swung
us into it. Saw her arrive alone in
the woodland dell. Saw her lie down,
at ease, with a security unsuspecting;
saw the grinning, vicious little
gnomes creep upon her; the leering
giant appear. And made, then, an-
other startling discovery—I’ll tell
you about it in a moment.

  "At last I had the Time-change
correctly gaged; we were—in rela-
tion to the girl—standing still in
Time. Presently we again increased
our size. An alteration of the Time-
mechanism was needed; a progressive
alteration. But this was simple to
calculate and to adjust.”

  Frannie asked, "What was your
discovery?”

  He smiled. "Curious as always,
little sister? It was that the giant
was in the act of becoming smaller!
The gnomes were growing in size!”
He checked our chorus of exclama-
tions.

  "I will tell you now: This giant—
these gnomes—were three beings who
did not belong to the girl’s world.
They had come there from a greater
world outside the atom. By means of
science—such means possibly as we
now were using with the vehicle—
they had diminished their stature to
the infinitely small. Had gone down
and down into their tiny atom, to
come upon the girl and her realm.”

II

Again Brett waved us aside. “Not
now, please! Oh, yes—I can tell
you the structure of this, our little
fragment of the material universe!
But let me finish first about our
voyage.

  “With our Time-change corrected,
the myrdoscope readily had picked
up the image of the girl. A larger
image, for we were 12,000 light-years
closer to her. The same scene, strick-
en again of motion. The giant stand-
ing there; the gnome climbing upon
the girl’s ankle; and herself, just
aware of her danger, with dawning
terror on her face.

  “The electro-telescope also was
working now. Looking behind us, we
could just see the last of the stars.
And soon they were gone. A day of
our conscious existence went by. At

3.000	light-years an hour we added

72.000	light-years of distance—a total
from earth of about 84,000. The
black abyss of Space had not re-
mained empty. Off to one side had
been a faint glow. A nebula; a patch
of star-dust. Through the telescope
we could see stars—a complete starry
universe. It was as large, no doubt,
as that we had passed through.

  “It gave us a new idea of the im-
mensity of Space. Separated by
some 30,000 light-years from our own
universe of stars—of which the Solar
System is so tiny a part—this other
star-patch was equally as large. And
yet it seemed to lie isolated in fathom-
less Space. It drifted by us and in a
few hours was gone. And far off to
the other side of us, another patch
came past. And others; each several
thousand light-years in extent; each
isolated from all its fellows.

  “We traveled another full day.
Over 150,000 light-years from earth.
Yet the girl’s image was seemingly
not coming nearer very rapidly. We
felt the voyage would take too long,
so again we increased our size. ”
816

WEIRD TALES

  I interrupted. "Had you calcu-
lated the girl’s relative size?”

  “Yes,” he said. "In a moment,
Prank, you shall have it. We—our
vehicle—was 500,000 miles high, com-
pared to earth. We increased it to
600,000. Our velocity also increased.
At a million miles of height—I have
made all my stated figures round
numbers, but they are approximately
correct—at this million-mile height,
we reached normality to the girl. It
simplified our mechanism adjust-
ments. There was no longer a size-
change necessary. A retrograde
Time-change, equal to our own now
normal rate of existence, held us at
that same instant of her life.

  "Our velocity was more than pro-
portionately increased. To demon-
strate that mathematically would be
intricate—would involve several
very complicated formulas, which
would not interest you now. . . We
passed, distantly, a score or more of
starry universes—to the sides, and
above and below us—lying in every
plane; and of every size and general
extent. Some were small, a few thou-
sand light-years like our own. Others
immense; one which seemed 500,000
light-years at least in diameter.

  "We reached ultimately a maxi-
mum velocity of about 90,000 light-
years an hour. We had previously
gone 150,000 light-years from earth.
We traveled some eighty additional
hours, not all at the maximum—for
possibly half that time we were
steadily accelerating. And at a total
of 4,750,000 light-years from the
earth, a faint glow of seeming phos-
phorescence showed in the blackness
beneath us.

  "There was a universe to one side,
ahead of us. But this was a different
light. A radiation from the Inner
Surface itself. The Inner Surface of
the hollow little atom within which
all this Space and its infinitesimal
whirling electrons is contained. They

are immense suns, to us here on
earth, but from the larger viewpoint
they were mere electrons, whirling,
flashing around in tiny orbits a thou-
sand times a second.

  "The girl and her realm, as we
had thought, are on this Inner Sur-
face of what we may choose to call an
atom. Themselves—this girl and her
people—are infinitesimal. This atom
of ours is merely some tiny particle
of matter in that other world from
which the giant and the gnomes had
descended. A tiny particle of mat-
ter. Call it a grain of sand, lying
with trillions of its fellows upon some
great ocean beach—lying there in the
light of stars shining in infinite Space
above it. Lying there for a single
starlit night which is all eternity for
us. A single starlit night—an eter-
nity! Infinity, of Space and Time?
Why, even now I have seen no more
than an infinitesimal fragment of
them! ....

  ‘ ‘ The giant and gnomes were
doubtless normally of the same size—
only momentarily did they happen to
be different. . . . Wait, Frannie,
please! I can’t tell it to you any
faster. . . . The Inner Surface became
visible to our telescopes at about

4,900,000	light-years. A realm of
land and water. Vegetation. Strange
of aspect, yet normal too. It
stretched beneath us in every direc-
tion—a huge concave surface.

  “We kept our size, but using the
repellent force of this Inner Surface,
I gradually cut down our velocity.
Down more and more until that last
light-year or so took us a week to
traverse. The girl, Father, is ap-
proximately 5,000,000 light-years
from here. We—our earth—may be
near the center of the void. I don’t
know. Perhaps we are much nearer
the girl’s side. It isn’t important. ..

  “The Inner Surface at last lay
close beneath us. It took us an addi-
EXPLORERS INTO INFINITY

817

tional week of diminishing velocity
to reach its atmosphere. I was cau-
tious; I had the velocity under con-
trol always.”

  He paused a moment, seeming
carefully to consider his next words.
“I want you now to forget earth
standards. Take the larger viewpoint
exclusively. Let me speak of miles,
not in relation to earth, but miles—
in relation to the Inner Surface—
which are 100 million times longer.
Let me speak then of myself as again
but six feet high; the vehicle, 52.8
feet high. Realize that by the larger
standards I was but one-twentieth of
a light-year from earth.”

  Dr. Gryce said gravely, “Your
telescope would show a globe like the
earth very plainly at one-twentieth
of a light-year of distance. You
must explain, Brett, why you could
not see it—01* any of the great stars
of our immediate universe.”

  Brett nodded. “We could not see
the earth, because to our size it was
merely a little orange. To be more
exact, a ball about five inches in
diameter. A tiny ball I could have
held in my hand, whirling out there
in Space, spinning like a top on its
axis to make your infinitesimal days
and nights; traversing its entire orbit
—a complete revolution around its
little sun—more than three times
every second!

  “With these other standards, then,
I want you to visualize us as we sat
on the floor of the vehicle gazing
down through the lower window. We
were, say a hundred miles above the
Inner Surface, just entering the up-
per strata of its atmosphere, and fall-
ing gently downward. Beneath us
lay a broad vista of land and water;
vegetation; forests; here and there
patches of human habitation—houses,
villages. It was a strange, unfamiliar
landscape, yet not unduly abnormal.
In every direction—as we dropped

closer—it spread upward to our hori-
  w. t.—3

zon. A rolling country; gently un-
dulating hills, broad valleys—and off
near the horizon a jagged mountain
range. It seemed not far away; we
could see black yawning holes in it;
the mouths of caves, or tunnels, per-
haps.

  “The broad crescent lake lay
directly beneath us. Trees bordered
its banks; trees strange of shape—yet
one would call them trees at once. A
collection of low, fiat-roofed buildings
lay beside the water. A village—or
a city. The buildings were queerly
curved — seemingly crescent-shaped.
They had no straight lines. They
seemed generally of but one story,
though a few were larger; and upon
an eminence near the water stood one
much larger; more ornate of shape
than all the others.

  “It was not a fantastic scene, but
wholly rational to our own accepted
standards. A sylvan atmosphere
seemed to hang upon it. Trees and
flowers were everywhere; the roof-
tops seemed gardens as luxuriant as
those beside the houses. The streets
were broad and orderly; and beyond
the city ribbons of roads wound out
over the hills.

  “A sylvan landscape, with an air
of quiet peace upon it. I felt a sense
of surprize. This was not modern-
ity; nor a civilization more advanced
than our own—nor yet was it bar-
barism. Later I knew it was deca-
dence. A people who once had been
far up the slope of civilization, over
the peak, and now were coming down
upon the other side. The peaceful,
restful ease of decadence, which to
complete the inevitable cycle of all
human life ultimately would again
bring them to barbarism.

  “We saw these details as we fell
gently toward the crescent lake. You
will notice I have not mentioned color
in the scheme, nor movement. Our
Time-mechanism was operating. The
818

WEIRD TALES

  scene beneath us was stricken motion-
less, since always we were holding to
the same instant of its Time. An
unreality lay upon it; a flat, shadowy
grayness of aspect. An unnatural
stillness. We dropped closer. A
shadowy boat seemed on the lake—a
boat with a sail. It lay there, immo-
bile. The water was rippled by a
breeze; but they were frozen ripples.
And in the streets now we saw peo-
ple and curious vehicles—all stand-
ing like waxen figures.

  "The grove of trees—the woodland
dell wherein the girl was lying—was
a short distance down the lake shore
from the city. A single house was
near it; but in the other direction was
unbroken forest. An open space was
there—a few hundred feet from the
girl and her assailants. We decided
to land there. We knew we were in-
visible as yet—a ghost of a vehicle,
all in this same instant coming from
Space to land upon ihe lake shore.

  "We had not yet decided just what
we would do. But it was necessary to
land first. And necessary also for
the vehicle to assume the Time-rate
of this realm before we could leave
it. When that was done we would be
normal humans, to rescue the girl as
best we might.

  "We dropped into the little clear-
ing at the edge of the lake, and gent-
ly came to rest—and upon the sur-
face of the ground, since to us it
would have had no siibstance; but
within a foot of it, whore, like a ghost
hoveling, I held us level. The un-
reality of us, I must repeat, was not
to us apparent; we seemed solid—it
was the ground, the forest about us
which was unreal. Spectral trees; a
gray twilight. I made sure that
nothing was touching us. We were
a few inches only above a soft-looking
gray ground. We were ready to cut
off our Time-change—to take our
places normal to this new realm."

CHAPTER 8

THE ENCOUNTER IN THE
FOREST GLADE

Martt said, ‘ ‘ I would have thrown
off the Time-switch and rushed
out at once. But Brett wanted to
talk about it."

  Brett smiled. "It was difficult for
us to remember that no haste was
needed. No haste—until we took the
girl’s Time-rate. And then we would
need all haste possible. We discussed
what we were to do. We had weapons
—the electronic flash, for instance,
with which we could have struck
down that giant as with a lightning
bolt. But could we? I was not .sure
—not absolutely sure—that the
weapon would be operative. Or that,
perchance, this giant would not by
some strange means be proof against
it. A man sixty feet tall is no mean
adversary. Suppose he held the girl
before him? Would I dare attack?”
"I suggested,” Martt put in, “that
we take the normal Time-rate of the
girl, and be in hiding until the
giant’s size had dwindled to hers. The
dwarfs were growing. But there
would only be three of them, against
two of us—and so far as we had seen,
they were not armed.”

  Brett went on: “That didn’t seem
a good plan. The giant’s size was,
we had calculated, rapidly dwin-
dling. Within five minutes he would
be the girl’s size. But suppose, in-
stead of standing there during those
five minutes he picked up the girl—
made off with her? It was too
dangerous.

  “At last we decided to make the
vehicle, and thus ourselves, somewhat
larger. At the risk seriously of
frightening the girl, we decided to
take a stature larger than the giant.
Thus, since he was not armed, we
would have little difficulty keeping
the girl from harm.

“The forest glade within which
our vehicle was hovering was ample
EXPLORERS INTO INFINITY

819

for the growth. We adjusted the
mechanisms; and in a few moments
of growth we had reached the de-
termined point. We shut oft’ the
switches; the vehicle fell its few
inches to the ground. . . .

  “The scene clarified. We were in
a somber forest of dull, orange-col-
ored vegetation. Above us was a
deep purple sky, with a few drifting
clouds, and stars gleaming up there
in the darkness. They were the stars
of that last universe we had passed;
unnatural of aspect, for they seemed
unduly close and unduly small.

  "It was not day—nor yet was it
night. A queerly shimmering twi-
light ; shadowless, for the light
seemed inherent to everything.

  “We were aware of all this in an
instant, but we did not stop to regard
it, for Time now was passing. The
girl and her assailants were now, we
knew, in full motion. With the flash
cylinders in hand we stepped hastily
from the vehicle doorway.

  "The forest trees were saplings
no higher than ourselves. We
plunged through them, came to the
other glade. The girl was sitting up
with hands pressed to her breast in
terror—a tiny figure of a girl not as
long as my hand. The dwarfs were
so small I did not see them at first;
they were standing beside her—an
inch perhaps in height. The giant,
with what drug acting upon him we
could only guess, had dwindled until
he was only about half our own pres-
ent height. He had dropped his tree-
bludgeon, which now was too large
for him, and was stooping down to
seize the girl. His leer, with the real-
ity of motion upon it, was horrible.

  “Momentarily we had stopped at
the edge of the glade. The figures
there were aware of us. The girl
screamed—a little voice, shrill with
terror, an agony of sudden fear—at
her assailants, and doubtless most of
all at ourselves. The giant—I can
no longer call him that, since we saw

him as no more than three feet tall—
at our appearance he straightened.
Stared at us. Surprize, then fear
swept his ugly hairy face. He shout-
ed something to his tiny companions.

  “Martt’s hand went up; he fired
his cylinder. But he was confused—
and the nearness of the girl to his
mark made him aim high. The bolt
missed; lodged harmlessly in a tree
with a ripping of its bark. I rushed
forward to seize our adversary, but
he eluded me, leaped over the girl. I
was afraid of trampling her—I
stepped backward—clutched Martt,
fearful of what he might do.

  “It had all happened in a moment.
The dwarfs had vanished; but the
other man—he was now no higher
than my knees—was standing by a
tree behind the girl. He shouted
again; and now the terror had left his
face and he was grinning, I saw his
hand go swiftly to his mouth. Had
he taken more of his strange drug?
Had he warned his two companions to
do the same? !■ think so, for before
my eyes he was swiftly diminishing in
size. I knelt carefully beside the girl.
Her figure—smaller than my foot and
near it—was huddled into a little ball,
her head against her upraised knees.
She may have fainted; I did not heed
her, save to be careful my movements
did not strike her. With arm
stretched over her I reached for the
man. But he hopped away and elud-
ed me. Still grinning. As small now
as my little finger he stood half hid-
ing behind a grass-blade. On hands
and knees I pursued him. But like
an insect, he was too quick for me.
Smaller always until I was probing
the grass with my fingers to find him
—saw him momentarily like an ant in
size as he leaped into a tangle of tiny
grass-blades and was gone.

  “I had forgotten my weapon. II-
logically I had had no desire to kill
that, tiny figure—only to catch it. But
Martt had had no such feelings. He
was stamping around the glade—try-
820

WEIRD TALES

rag to stamp upon the other figures—
and mumbling angrily to himself. I
called to ask if he had caught them.
He didn’t know. He had seen them
momentarily—seen them raise their
hands to their mouths. But they had
dwindled so fast, they were lost in a
moment.

  “The girl was unconscious, lying
there in a huddled little heap. Gently
I raised her, held her in the palm of
my hand. She was white as a little
waxen figure—white and beautiful;
and so small I scarce dared to touch
her with my huge rough fingers.

  “Martt brought water from the
lake. I rested my hand on the
ground, with her still lying in it. And
then presently she opened her eyes.”

  Brett paused, and as he gazed at
each of us in turn I thought I had
never seen his face so earnest. And
there was upon it, too, a look almost
of exaltation—a look which transfig-
ured it. He added gently: “You
three—my father, my sister, my
friend, I have no need to hide from
you my emotions. I think then—in-
congruously perhaps, for that little
figure of girlhood lying there so soft
and warm in the palm of my hand—I
think then my love for her was born. ’ ’

  Hide his emotions! He could not
had he wished. This love in his heart
was written plain on his face, to
soften it, to uplift it to something—
or so it seemed to me—something just
a little more than human. A touch,
perchance, of divinity. And I think
now that love does that—if only for
some fleeting moment—to each one
of us.

 He went on very softly: “She
opened her eyes. I was afraid she
would be frightened. I tried to look
very gentle, compassionate. I held
my hand very still. I think that for
an instant Martt and I stopped
breathing. . . She opened her eyes—
met mine. I saw in hers a flash of
terror. But something, strangely,
must have conquered it—against all

reason as she stared at me. Stared
while the terror faded, and her little
lips parted and smiled a welcome and
a thanks. . .”

CHAPTER 9

“DWINDLING GIANTS FROM
LARGENESS UNFATHOMABLE”

There was not one of us who would
have interrupted Brett when he
paused to light an arrant-cylinder
and to choose what next he would tell
us. He was speaking softly, reminis-
cently, and with a curious gentleness.

  ‘ ‘ I carried her to the vehicle,
showed it to her. Obviously she could
understand nothing of my words; but
she was very quick to read my ges-
tures; smiling readily now, with her
fear quite gone. And sitting up in
the palm of my hand, with her arm
flung about my thumb to steady her,
she bade me raise her to my ear. Her
words—the softest, the tiniest of hu-
man voices—what she said was wholly
unintelligible, save that I understood
her name was Leela.

  “She stood beside a tree at a dis-
tance while we re-entered the vehicle
and brought it down to a size normal
to her; and came out of it to confront
her. ’ ’

  Martt burst out: “I tell you that
was when I realized how beautiful she
is. Say, you never saw a girl like her
—you can’t describe it-”

  “I’m not trying,” said Brett with
his gentle smile. ‘ ‘ She met us—there
by the vehicle—to us then, Frannie,
she was about your size—perhaps a
little smaller. She took our hands,
laid them against her forehead as
though with a gesture of welcome.
And led us presently to her home—
the house near by. Her father (her
mother is dead) her father is a musi-
cian. Noted—very high of rank and
standing among his people. A kindly
old man, with gray and black hair
worn long to the base of his neck.: We
EXPLORERS INTO INFINITY

821

—Martt and I—didn't let ours grow,
though as you see we took their mode
of dress.”

  “How long were you there?” I
asked.

  “We slept perhaps three hundred
times,” he answered. “There are no
days and nights—always that same
half-luminous twilight. No change of
seasons—or very little. It is nature
in her softest mood. Nothing to strug-
gle against—life made easy. Too
easy. . . It was not we who learned
Leela’s language, but she, like an un-
natural precocious child, who learned
ours. . .We created a commotion
among the people; the ruler sent for
us. . . Oh, I have so much I’d like to
tell you. But Martt can tell it,—
after-”

  He checked himself suddenly. His
words, some vague hint of what he al-
most, had added, sent an ominous chill
to my heart; and I saw, too, that Dr.
Gryce had felt it, for a cloud came to
his face and in his eyes I saw fear
lurking.

  But, Brett went on at once: “I’d
like to tell you of these people. A
race at peace with nature and them-
selves. The struggle for existence all
in the past. Decadence. The down-
hill grade. Only by struggle can Man
progress, Father. This race, with the
peak of its civilization thousands of
generations in its Past, gently resting,
with the inevitable decadence drawing
it inexorably back to the barbarism
from whence it sprung. I’d like to
tell you of their customs, their gov-
ernment,—their mode of life. . . Some
other time—or Martt will tell you. . .
It was all so beautiful—so ro-
mantic. .. Music—their strange, beau-
tiful arts—Music as Leela’s father
gave it—Art to take the place of
Science and Industry. . . You ask
Martt to tell you about the dancing—
the pageants, if you want to call them
that, to which we went so many times
with Leela. . . But just now I’m tired
—I think I’ve talked too much—and

I’m worried—and it seems to press
me, against all the logic of our Sci-
ence, that I have no time to spend,
telling all this to you. .

  Brett, indeed, seemed suddenly
tired, or perhaps harassed at the
thoughts which had come to him. I
had been so absorbed—as had all of
us—that we had given no heed to the
passing hours. Abruptly I realized
that the room was chill with early
morning; through the window I saw
the flush of the eastern sky.

  Martt followed my glance. "Why,
its dawn! Brett’s been talking all
night. ’ ’

  Brett said strangely: “Too long!
Father, this gentle race living out
there in such seeming security had
just been visited by beings from the
great world outside it. A world
known to them only by legend of
their past ages which they scarce
knew to be true or false. Those
three assailants of Leela ’s—and other
men like them—had suddenly ap-
peared as dwindling giants coming
down out of largeness unfathomable.
They had already destroyed a
city. . .”

  Brett’s voice had risen; he was
talking faster now; and there was a
touch of wildness in his tone—a wild-
ness perhaps born of his exhaustion,
and the emotional stress under which
I knew now he had been laboring all
night.

  “Our arrival there, Father—the
three assailants of Leela—I think the
larger, him whom we have called the
‘ giant ’—I - think he is leader of the
invaders from that greater world.
Our appearance—our own power to
change size which perhaps he ob-
served there in the foi*est—must have
frightened him. The invaders van-
ished. But at the end of those
months we lived there—another of
these giants was seen.

  “They’re coming back again—to
threaten Leela and all her people! I
came here to see you, Father—to tell
822

WEIRD TALES

you all I’ve told—and to leave Martt.
But I’m going back—to do what I
can against this threat—this invasion.
And I want to go back to Leela.

She-’’

  "She was afraid to come with us,”
Martt put in. "I wanted her to
come—and now I want to go back
with Brett. We’ve been arguing
about it for days—he won’t let me go

back with him—he’s stubborn-”

  Brett reiterated: "I’m going
back. I’m going alone. As soon as
I’ve slept—I’ve got to sleep now—
you, you’ll excuse me—let me take a
good long sleep—I’m too tired to ar-
gue about it now. . . Good night,
Frannie, dear—good night, Father—
good night, Frank.”

  He was presently gone from the
room. Dr. Gryce had been sitting be-
side me and I put my hand on his
arm. His face was quite colorless;
his voice, suddenly very old and help-
less, was murmuring, "I don’t want
him to go out there again. I’m
afraid—and I don’t want him to do
it. .

CHAPTER 10

 THE SOLITARY VOYAGER

"T>ut Brett,” I said, "there are
-D one or two things I want to ask
you. About your return voyage—for

instance-”

  It was mid-afternoon. Brett, thor-
oughly rested, was wholly himself
again. Quiet, composed and smiling,
but very determined; even a little
grim. And I think he was a bit
ashamed of the sudden, almost quer-
ulous way in which he had terminated
his narrative and left us there in the
observation room at dawn. He had
had his sleep now; and had been
alone for an hour with his father.
Martt and Frannie had been called
to them; I—an outsider—was not
asked, or wanted. What took place
there behind the closed door of the

study, it was not for me to ask. But
when they came out I knew that
Brett had won. A questionable vic-
tory, for old Dr. Gryce was visibly
broken; Frannie—pale and upon the
verge of tears; and Martt for a time
a trifle sullen; resentful that he was
to be left behind. I think it hurt
Brett—this fear he was bringing up-
on those he loved. But he was very
determined; convinced that it was the
right thing for him to do.

  "I start back tonight,-Frank,” he
told me soberly as he emerged from
the study.

  "Oh,” I said. "For how long will
you be gone this time ? ’ ’

  He hesitated. A look, which even
now my memory fails to interpret,
came to him. Then he smiled. "I
don’t know. But remember, Frank,
I can return—with only those limi-
tations the Almighty enforces—I can
return to any point of earth-Time I
wish. As you will live it—well, I
shall aim to return here within a
month.”

  It was then I asked him about the
return voyage he and Martt had just
made. "Brett, I’ve been wondering
—did our aural ray guide you
back?”

  "Yes,” he said. “On the voyage
back, the first thing I did was to put
the vehicle back through Time to a
chosen instant at which I wished to
arrive here on earth. When that was
done, I held that instant always. We
could not see the aural ray going
out—when we looked back for it—for
two reasons. One: Our Time had run
far into earth’s Future, and the ray
was non-existent. The other: Even
had we taken the proper Time-point,
we were outrunning the light-rays
themselves. In space, I mean, the
aural ray left earth only with the
speed of light. Our velocity exceeded
that. You see? But on the return
voyage we encountered the ray as we
came in. A mere flash over the sky;
EXPLORERS INTO INFINITY

823

but its characteristic color-bands
guided us.”

  What he said about outrunning the
light-rays made me think of the
myrdoscope, the image of that girl—
which they had received here on
earth before the voyage—that image
had crossed a space 5,000,000 light-
years in extent. But when I men-
tioned it, he explained:

  “The myrdal rays are not light,
Frank, but only akin to it. Their
velocity—why, light beside them is a
laggard. We have no way of com-
puting the velocity of the myrdal
rays.. But over a finite distance such
as five million light-years—for
practical purposes it is instantane-
ous. . .

  “I wanted to tell you—I was con-
fused last night—I meant to explain
that coming back I used quite a dif-
ferent method from the outward trip.
I chanced a disturbance of some of
those outlying starry universes, and
when we left the Inner Surface, I
made the vehicle larger instead of
smaller. The void of Space shrank
until about us* the universes were
clustered like little patches of mist—
tiny areas of glowing star-dust. I
saw our own, with its spectrum of
the aural ray, quite readily. And
had reached it with a voyage of a
few hours—and then reduced our
size.”

  “And your Time,” I said. “Brett,
I didn’t see the vehicle until it was
almost entering the earth’s atmos-
phere. And—just for an instant—
it seemed not solid, but like a vague
gray ghost. Then suddenly it ma-
terialized. ’ ’

 He smiled and nodded. “Yes.
That was when I took the earth’s
normal Time-rate.”

  The family joined us; we said no
more. And that night Brett left us
for his solitary voyage. I would not
set down here in detail those last
good-byes. Emotion repressed — it

was what was not said that held a
pathos I shall never forget. An out-
ward attempt at lightness. Martt
laughed, “Give my love to Leela.”
And Frannie said, “You tell her I’m
jealous because she’s so beautiful.”
Just before Brett closed the door
of the vehicle, Dr. Gryce spoke—the
only thing he had said for an hour
past.

  “You’ll be sure to come back,
Brett? Within the month, lad?”
“Oh, yes. Yes, Father dear.”
“Well—good-bye. . .”

Good-bye! I can think of no sad-
der word for human tongue to frame.

CHAPTER 11

BRAVE LITTLE BEACON STRIV-
ING TO PIERCE INFINITY

That little month of anxious
watching and waiting passed so
slowly! And yet so quickly, as one
by one its golden moments of hope
drained away..

  Brett did not return. A month,
then a year, while Dr. Gryce made
me leave the Service, to enter his,
that all my time might be spent in
watching.

  A year; and now another year has
passed. Brett would return within
the month. With his Time-mechan-
ism unimpaired, no delay out there
in the Beyond could have affected
his return to reach us during that
first little month. With that passed
and gone, reason could only show the
futility of expecting him ever. Yet
reason plays so small a part, when it
would seek to kill hope.

  The aural ray still bums—brave
little beacon striving to pierce in-
finity. Beside it, for those long, un-
reasoning hours of vigil, Dr. Gryce
sits and waits; silent, grayer and
every day visibly older. The possi-
bilities of what could have happened
to Brett—that myriad of futile hu-
man conjectures—we have long since
824

WEIRD TALES

ceased voicing. Alone, I sometimes
speculate. Has Brett gone on into
that outside world of which we all
are only a tiny atom? What is he
doing? And then I tell myself, what
is it to me, save that it concerns
Brett? The myriad, unfathomable
happenings of Eternal Time in In-
finite Space—what right have I, one
tiny mortal, to probe them?

  The beacon burns to guide Brett

back to us. Will he ever come? I
wonder. My brain, with its logic,
says he will not. But my heart says,
“Might he not come tonight?” Or
with tonight passed, then tomorrow
he will be here. Thus hope runs on
and on, daunted but never broken.
Blessed hope, to make possible a cour-
ageous living of this little life until
we ourselves are plunged into that
glowing Infinity of the Hereafter.

              [THE END]

GHOST LORE

    By GERTRUDE WRIGHT

     There are Things we dare not name,

     There are formless, nameless Things,

     Silent Shapes with sable wings,

     Born of Shadows and of Shame,

     See them winding wo-bedight
     Through the labyrinths of Night.

     Creatures pallid and forlorn,

     Crawling forth from new-made graves,

     Riding on the winds and waves,

     Other creatures yet unborn,

     See them winding wo-bedight
     Through the labyrinths of Night.

     Progeny of Doubt and Fear,

     Some walk headless o’er the hills,

     Some are great, eternal Wills,

     Working evil everywhere,

     See them winding wo-bedight
     Through the labyrinths of Night.

     Writhing, twisting, serpent Things,

      Coiling through the sultry skies,

     Flashing, rolling, greenish eyes,

     Flapping, flaming, fiery wings,

     See them winding wo-bedight
     Through the labyrinths of Night.

     Moaning, shrieking, sighing souls,

     Wailing, whining, whirling forms,

     Like the voice of vanished storms,

     Their despairing anthem rolls,

     See them winding wo-bedight
     Through the labyrinths of Night.
1HAD often wondered why Dr.
Ivan Brodsky had never married.
I had been associated with him in
numbers of those cases of psychical
investigation in which he had
brought relief and happiness to many
sufferers whose souls had capitulated
to evil forces; I had heard him speak
of women constantly in terms of the
utmost reverence. He had indeed
dimly hinted at some unforgotten
love episode in his own life, but he
had never confided in me, and of
course I forbore to question him. It
was the merest accident—if, indeed,
anything be fortuitous—that re-
vealed to me the story.

  We were sitting upon the veranda
of a summer hotel, a little place in
the mountains to which we frequent-

  NOTE—This is the tenth in a series of stories,
each complete in itself, dealing- with Dr. Ivan
Brodsky, "The Surgeon of Souls.”

ly journeyed to spend the week-end,
one summer evening. With us was a
stranger, a man of rare personality
whom we had met the day before;
and, as is often the case, we had dis-
cussed with him matters of belief and
conduct on which one is silent toward
acquaintances of long standing. And
then came up the ever interesting
question of faith.

  "There is one thing that could give
me back my faith,” said the stranger
slowly. "I was married for twenty
years to a woman of the highest char-
acter; we were supremely happy to-
gether. I believe in her still, as I once
believed in the consolations of reli-
gion. Yet my wife died without rec-
ognizing me, calling upon the name
of some man whom I had neither seen
nor heard of. Restore to me my com-
plete confidence in her, answer that
nameless question that will rise up in

                                              82.5

Zhe Dream that cameTme

ROUSSEAU

“He resolved to make
the hypnotic condition
more absolute. ‘Sleep!’
he said, passing his hand
over her eyes.”
826

WEIRD TALES

the depths of my consciousness, and
I will believe again."

 Then, somehow—I do not remem-
ber just the sequence of words that
led to it—Brodsky was telling us his
story.

*	‘ T came to America when I was a
-i young man. Through all my
early struggles the friendship of one
woman sustained me. I do not think
there has been a moment since I first
met her when I had not loved Marion
Strong. But nothing was said. It
was a quiet understanding that grew
up between us; so that, when the rup-
ture came, there remained nothing
to be unsaid either. Marion explained
nothing of the trivial incident that
came to be an unbreakable barrier
between us. That was her way; Mar-
ion was always proud. If she had
been less proud our lives would have
been different.

  "I saw her only twice after her
marriage. She still resided in Bos-
ton, where I was then in practise, but
in a different quarter of the city. I
had sought comfort in work and had
succeeded in some measure in finding
it when we met face to face in the
rose garden that adjoins the Common.
She stopped and spoke with me.

  “ ‘You are not looking well; you
must take care of your health,’ I
blurted out in the foolish manner of
friends long sundered, who meet to
interchange only banalities.

  ‘ ‘ The second meeting was at a din-
ner party and equally unsatisfactory.
Nothing of the old friendship seemed
to remain for me in that glance of
friendly indifference, that word of
conventional greeting. Soon after-
ward I heard of her marriage. Her
health broke down; they hurried her
to Florida, and she died there.

 "Thank heaven for work! It is
life’s anodyne. I put her memory
out of my mind to the best of my
ability, for I think only the senti-
mentalist weaves the silken threads

of longing around the cocoon of his
sorrow. And then, I had no right to
think of her. I worked hard, I had
already achieved some measure of
recognition in my profession. When
the methods of the Nancy school of
hypnotics were introduced into medi-
cal practise in this country, so that it
was no longer considered the sign of
a charlatan to make use of them, I
found that I possessed unusual facul-
ties for curing ailments of conscious-
ness and reviving lost personalities
by hypnotism. One day a woman
called on me, in company with a little
girl.

  ‘ ‘ The child suffered from some
slight nervous ailment, common
among girls of that period of life—
listlessness, ‘blue studies,’ as the
laity calls fits of abstraction, and
nervousness. I prescribed some
child’s remedy. But when I came to
look into her pupils for the examina-
tion, for just one fleeting instant the
eyes of Marion seemed to look back
at me. Could it be anything but
hallucination? Marion’s eyes were
the most beautiful I have ever seen
in their intelligence, their gray liquid
softness. Fearfully I looked again.
But only the sleepy pupils of the ail-
ing child looked back at me.

  " ‘I see you do not remember me,
Dr. Brodsky,’ said the woman, when
my investigation was ended. ‘Never-
theless, I know you well, and I came
to see and consult you partly out of
interest. Do you not remember Mar-
ion Strickland?’

  "I started involuntarily. Yes, that
was the name of the man whom she
married; this was a Mrs. Strickland
who had brought the child to me. She
was the second wife of Marion’s hus-
band, and this was her daughter. My
heart leaped in my throat. Thank
God, in this new marriage he had for-
gotten Marion; at last I might now
liave the right once more to turn my
thoughts upon her; she was as much
mine as his!
THE DREAM THAT CAME TRUE

827

  “ ‘Her end was curiously sudden,
poor thing,’ said the woman in gos-
siping fashion. ‘She died quite un-
expectedly, you know.’

  “ ‘Yes,’ I murmured, though I had
been told nothing.

  “ ‘We thought it was nothing but
a congested chill until she died in
Florida. Strangely, too, her last
words seemed to be about you. We
fancied that she tried to leave some
message for you, but we could not un-
derstand her. It was some phase of
the delirium, I suppose.’

  “A new phase of my life opened
up on that day. Marion had thought
of me at the end; then she had al-
ways loved me.

  “I might have known her better
than to have doubted that her love
could change. That her married life
had been neither happy nor unhappy
I had suspected; clearly this was not
one of those unions that seem to
transcend the limitations of our
mortality, that are not severed by
death. And at the end her thoughts
had turned back to me. Thencefor-
ward I had a new impulse of joy in
my work; from that time, too, I be-
gan to look forward to the day when
much that is hidden from us will be
revealed and death will no longer
sever. That was the beginning of my
psychical work.

“'-pHE years slipped by and found
me still steadily at work, and
with an increasing amount of pa-
tients and of reputation. I had sought
in vain to communicate with Marion
through all the recognized mediums.
Though her inspiration remained
with me, once again her outward
memory had grown weak.

  One evening a young man called
upon me in my consulting room.

  “ ‘I do not see new patients,’ I in-
formed him, for at that time I had
already begun to withdraw from ac-
tive practise in preparation for the
professorship which had been offered

me for the succeeding year. But he
was insistent. It was not for him-
self, he said, that lie wished my ser-
vices, but for his fiancee, a girl of
twenty-five. Always liable, since
childhood, to nervous attacks of ob-
scure origin, these had developed,
during the past three months, into fits
of imbecility, during which she be-
came almost an automaton and mani-
fested the most extreme aversion for
him. Her friends and family had even
spoken of the necessity of placing her
in some institution unless she could
be cured. He happened to have heard
of me; would I assist him ?

  “The young man’s earnestness, his
solicitude for the girl impressed me,
and I consented to take her case in
hand. To my surprize I found that
my patient was none other than Ethel
Strickland, the girl whom I had
treated some dozen years before. I
looked long and I fear unprofes-
sionally to discover whether I could
discern Marion’s unforgettable ex-
pression in the eyes, but the heavy
pupils merely stared back at me list-
lessly and indolently. They were not
Marion’s. As the young woman was
at that time in the enjoyment of nor-
mal health I left instructions that she
was to be brought to my office im-
mediately if a crisis occurred, and I
went away.

  “It must have been two weeks
later, just as I was about to close my
office and go to bed, that a loiul peal
at the bell startled me. The servants
having retired, I opened the door in
person, and ushered in the young
woman. It had been raining hard
and her oiiter garments were soaked
with water. She did not attempt to re-
move her coat, however, nor respond
to my proffered assistance, but ad-
vanced into the center of the room
and stood staring at me blankly, as
one bereft of reason.

  ‘ ‘ I had seen similar cases previous-
ly and diagnosed it instantly as tem-
porary aberrancy of personality. It
828

WEIRD TALES

was one of those rare eases in which
a portion of the consciousness be-
comes submerged, so to speak, leaving
the patient in forgetfulness as to the
most simple matters connected with
her daily life. Usually such cases
submit readily to mild hypnotic
treatment. I placed Miss Strickland
under hypnosis, to which she readily
yielded.

  " ‘Who are you?’ I asked her.

  “ ‘Why, Doctor, I am Ethel Strick-
land,’ she answered in some surprize,
mixed with a slight resentment.

  " ‘Why have you come here?’

  " ‘Doctor, did you not leave in-
structions that I was to come to yoii
as soon as I experienced one of my
attacks ?’

  "And all the while I was staring
into her eyes, searching into the
depths of them. But they were not
Marion’s eyes.

  " ‘You did quite right,’ I answered
her. ‘You are well now. You will
never have another of your attacks.
Wake up! ’

  Instantly an expression of aston-
ishment passed over her features. The
waking soul had no memory of what
had occurred during the period of
hypnosis. She gave an exclamation
of fear; then, recognizing me, seemed
reassured.

  “ ‘Dr. Brodsky!’ she exclaimed.
‘Where am I? How did I come here?’

  " ‘You are quite safe,’ I answered.
‘You had one of your attacks and by
some providence wandered into my
office. Now I am going to take you
home. ’

 "I escorted her to her house,
where I found the family in a state
of alarm over the girl’s disappear-
ance. They were grateful for her safe
return and especially that she was
again in her normal mind. I depart-
ed, assuring them that in the improb-
able event of any future attack I
could cure her.

  '"And so, convinced that my im-
pression as to the eyes had been a

hallucination, I took up my work
once more. But I was to see my pa-
tient again. For a time the hypnotic
suggestion was effective. Then en-
sued one of those little lovers’ quar-
rels which are apt to occur among the
most devoted couples. It was a triv-
ial matter enough and yet sufficient,
in her weak state of mind, to induce
in the young woman another of her
attacks. One evening, about the
same time as before, I was again
about to close my office and retire
for the night, when again the bell was
pulled, and the girl entered in the
same dazed and perplexed condition.
Again I induced a slight state of
hypnosis and questioned her.

  “ ‘Who are you?’ I demanded.
"This time the young woman ap-
peared perfectly indignant.

  “ ‘Are you trying to make a fool
of me, Dr. Brodsky?’ she asked. ‘You
asked me that question not two
minutes ago, and I have just told
you that I am Ethel Strickland.’
"All her intermediate life had
been wiped out; it was as though she
took up the threads of this personality
again where she had dropped them.

  “ ‘And you have come to me be-
cause you had another of your at-
tacks?’ I queried.

  " ‘Precisely,’ she replied.

  “ ‘At least you should have got
your fiance to escort you,’ I rejoined
severely. ‘Young ladies are not usu-
ally encouraged to go about at night
alone, especially when in a distressed
condition of mind. Why did you not
ask his assistance?’

  “ ‘Because I hate him,’ she replied
hysterically. ‘He persecutes me and
will not take "no" for an answer. I
will never marry him—never. I can
not endure the sight of him. ’

  " ‘And yet you engaged yourself
to him,’ I answered.

  “She raised her hand to her fore-
head and appeared to ponder. The
question threw her into a state of
terrible agitation. The young fellow
THE DREAM THAT CAME TRUE

829

had told me that she hated him when
in her imbecile phase; yet here she
was, still hating him, although I had
restored her faculties under hypnosis.
It seemed to me that this confusion
was possibly due to an alternating
personality, some deeper layer or
stratum of consciousness which was
endeavoring to thrust itself up into
the normal life. I resolved, there-
fore, to make the hypnotic condition
more absolute.

   ‘ ‘ ‘ Sleep! ’ I said, passing my hand
over her eyes. ‘You have been dream-
ing ; you have forgotten who you are.
You are not Ethel Strickland. Sleep
—sleep and remember. Who are you
now?’

  "Slowly the eyes opened. One
glance and I was reeling backward,
seeking to steady myself by gripping
the edge of the study table. For the
eyes were those of Marion Strong,
clear and unclouded as on the day
when I had seen her in the rose
garden. If I had not seen her for a
thousand years I could never forget
their beauty, their quiet tenderness.

  "She looked into my own; she
came toward me, her arms out-
stretched, her face alight with in-
effable happiness.

  " ‘Who am I?’ she murmured.
‘Who should I be? Do you not know
me, your love, who waited for you
so long?’

  ‘ ‘ I could not speak. Silently I saw
her draw near, a moment later, and
I felt her arms enfold me. As in a
dream, through tear-dimmed eyes, I
saw my head drooping in the mirror
on the wall. I sank upon the lounge,
and there we sat, the living and the
dead, stammering and babbling hap-
pily, like two young lovers but lately
parted.

  " ‘You have been gone so long,'
she said. ‘Sometimes I have de-
spaired of ever seeing you again. How
many, many years it must be since
I began to fight my way upward,
feeling at times that you were near

me. The first time that I got my
eyes open I saw you through the body
of that girl. I knew you remembered
me. And ever since I have struggled
to overthrow her dominion, that I
might see and be near you. And at
last I have gained you!

  " ‘I should have had you always if
I had not been so proud,’ she whis-
pered. ‘ Pride has ruined our lives. Do
you remember that day I met you in
the rose garden? How I longed to
speak to you and could not conquer
myself! And the next, time at the din-
ner ! I had to hasten away, or I could
not have endured it. But now I have
you with me, my love, forever-’

“VX/’hat answer I should have

  *	▼ made, seeing her appealing
eyes raised to mine, I do not know.
But at that instant a thunderous
knocking resounded on the front door
and the door bell rang furiously.
With a mighty effort I tore myself
away.

  “ ‘Wait for me!’ I whispered,
leaving her there; and I went out. At
the door stood the lover of the young
girl. At sight of me he caught me by
the arm frantically.

  " ‘She is here? She is here?’ he
cried. ‘Thank God, Doctor! I see it
in your face. Let me see her! We
had a foolish quarrel; we were both
equally to blame, but she left me.
Later I hurried to her house and
found that she was not there. They
hunted for her everywhere; at last
somebody suggested that she might
have come to you. Let me take her
home! ’

  " ‘Hush!’ I answered. ‘She is not
herself. She has had one of her at-
tacks. It is more severe than before.
I doubt-’

  “ ‘Tell me that you can cure her!’
he cried.. I wavered. My hellish de-
signs were torn to shreds in faee of
his earnest plea. For, after all, this
was his own life; and I had ruined
830

WEIRD TALES

mine so many years ago. I led him
into a room adjacent to my study.

  “ ‘Wait there!’ I said. ‘Perhaps
I can cure her. But you must wait
patiently till I come out.’

  “ ‘If you can cure her,’ he said
solemnly, ‘I pledge my soul that I
will guard and protect her for the
whole of my life and hers.’

  ‘ ‘ Then I went in. I had half feared
that my absence would have driven
Marion away. But she sat there, she
smiled up at me radiantly, and all
my soul went out in a wild tumult
of desire and anguish.

  “ ‘I may stay with you forever,’
she whispered, raising her lips to
mine. ‘You will not drive me away,
back into the darkness again? For
after all, she is not really I—that girl
—you know. ’

  “Even then, with all my soul given
to hers, I heard the rapid tramp,
tramp of the young man in the next
room. If I yielded to her appeal; if
we enjoyed the brief remaining span
of life together—what then? What
would be the fruits of such stolen
happiness? And I wept blinding,
hopeless tears. For I knew what I
must do. Marion knew, too. She
read it in my eyes. Her own took on
an anguished appeal that wrung my
heart.

  “‘Listen, Marion,’ I said. ‘We
have had our own lives to spend and
we have ruined them. This life is
his. He is waiting here for her to
come back to him. It is his right.’
“Even then she did not plead; that
was Marion’s way. If she had plead-
ed I could not have resisted.

  “ ‘And if I must go,’ she mur-
mured, ‘what then? What will be-
come of us when the weary travail of
this life is spent?’

  “ ‘Why,’ I replied, ‘God has been
so good to us. Suppose we trust Him
a little longei*. Suppose we do right
and leave to Him the judgment?’
“She closed her eyes; she leaned
closer to me, in hopeless resignation.

Another moment and I must lose her
forever.

  “ ‘How shall I be certain after-
ward that I have really had you with
me?’ I cried. ‘How shall I be sure
that this’ was not some frenzied
dream? Give me some sign or token
to remember.’

  “Once again she opened her eyes
and smiled at me. ‘Do you remem-
ber the rose garden?’ she asked soft-
ly. ‘Be there tomorrow at noon and
I will give you what you ask for.’
“Once I kissed her upon the fore-
head in eternal farewell. Then I re-
called the sleeping soul of the girl.
And when she opened her eyes they
were Marion’s no longer. She start-
ed up, but I restrained her.

  “ ‘Miss Strickland, you are safe
with me—Dr. Brodsky!’ I said reas-
suringly. ‘And I have cured you of
your attack. You will never have an-
other so long as you live. Your
fiance is in the next room, waiting
for you. Do you want to see him?’
“I saw a girlish blush steal over
her cheeks. There was no need of
answer. ‘Wait for me and I will
bring him to you,’ I said. Then I
went in to him.

  “ ‘I am going to give you back the
thing that you most desire in all the
world, ’ I said, placing my hand upon
his shoulder. ‘But before I do so—
have you forgotten your promise to
guard and care for her always?’

  “ ‘ I will! ’ he cried; and I knew by
his tone that his was no promise vain-
ly made or to be kept lightly.

 “ ‘Forgive an older man for
preaching,’ I said to him. ‘Remem-
ber, love is the noblest and the great-
est gift that God has given us. It is
not lightly to be esteemed or easily
to be thrown away. Many have spok-
en one harsh word and atoned for it
through years of suffering. Come!’
“Then I led him in. And when
they met I knew that I had not acted
wrongly when I made my sacrifice.
THE DREAM THAT CAME TRUE

831

  “Next day at noon I was in the
rose garden that adjoins the Common.
It was July, but a few blossoms still
lingered upon the trees. Deep in
earnest conversation they were saun-
. tering along the shadiest walk, her
arm linked through his. I would
have stepped aside, but she saw and
beckoned to me.

   “ ‘Doctor,’ she said, ‘I can never
even try to thank you enough for
what you have done for me. I know
last night I must have come to you
during my attack; I do not remem-
ber that, but I know you cured me.
And I feel that this cure will last, for
I have something to live for and to
remain well for.’ She glanced at her
fiance shyly. ‘So, as no words can
thank you I want to give you a little
memento of my gratitude,’ she said.
From the bosom of her gown she
pulled a solitary flower. ‘Wear this
for my sake and in token of my
thanks,’ she said..

   “I took the flower and fastened it
to my coat. Then, feeling that her
gaze was bent upon mine, I looked
up. For one fleeting moment I
could see the soft tenderness of Mar-
ion’s eyes. Then they were gone, and

those of the young girl shone forth
happily. I turned and went across
the common, leaving them there. She
married him soon after, I believe, but
I have never seen them since."

Neither of us had stirred while
Brodsky told us his tale. Once
or twice I caught gleams of emotion
in the stranger’s eyes, but we had
listened silently, absorbed by the sim-
ple story. And neither of us could
have been able to doubt it.

  It had grown so late that even the
lights of the hotel had been extin-
guished. The night air blew softly
upon us from the broad bosom of the
lake and seemed to bear upon its
breath some lingering odor of roses.
The stranger rose, came toward the
doctor, and took him by both hands.

 “You have unwittingly given me
back my faith," he said. “For I
know now who it was that my wife
called upon when she lay dying, and
why, and who it was that called. You
gave her to me. Ivan Brodsky, have
you forgotten me?"

  The last story of this series, “The Ultimate
Problem,” will be published in Weird Tales next
month.

ADVICE

By FRANK BELKNAP LONG, Jr.

 Down the stairs and up the street
 The kobolds go on silent feet;

 And two by two the Fears parade
 From portico to balustrade;

 And stealing from a hidden place
 The tiny goblins grin and race:

 Carouse, my friend, with such as these
 And shun the bloated things that wheeze!
A Story of Head-hunting Savages

THE LAND OF
CREEPING DEATH

    By EDNA BELL SEWARD

SAXON ROSS and I had been
building bridges in Burma for
the English government. When
the task was finished we decided to
spend a three months’ vacation ex-
ploring the upper reaches of the Sal-
ween River. Its source was in the
mountains of eastern Tibet but the
region was an unexplored wilderness
above the Burma line. It was a deep
turbulent stream that flowed down
through the eastern part of Burma
and eventually emptied its waters
into the Bay of Bengal. We started
on our trip with perfect confidence
in our ability to chart the Salween’s
source.

  Naja, our native servant, cooked
our simple meals and took care of the
domestic end of our camp. His one
great fear was that we would all be-
come meat for the man-eating tigers
which prowled in the forests.

  Late in the afternoon of the third
day of our journey Saxon called my
attention to the wonderful parklike
forest on the opposite bank of the
river. At that particular point the
Salween flowed sluggishly between
gradually sloping hills and was only
fifty yards wide.

  “Let’s make a raft and cross over
for camp, Bryson—it’s beautiful over
there—hardly any undergrowth;
that’s surprizing, too, in this part of
the country.”

  “I’m not surprized at anything in
this part of the country,” I said
peevishly, as I fought the swarm of
832 '

mosquitoes circling around my head
—and then disproved my own words
almost instantly, for Naja pointed to
a small object floating in the sluggish
current and called, “Sahib, what is
that?”

  I looked at the thing as it slowly
drifted toward us. "It seems to be
a sun-helmet,” I said hesitatingly, as
I watched it bobbing up and down
in the water. I broke a long branch
from a tree beside me, crawled out on
the end of a half-submerged log, and
reached for the thing as it floated by.
It was a sun-helmet—the kind white
men wear to protect themselves
against the sun of India.

  “Who the deuce do^s it belong
to?” asked Saxon. “What is an
Englishman doing in this wild coun-
try? The owner must be English,
for this has a London trademark in
it.”

  “Ask me something easy,” I said,
as I examined the wet piece of can-
vas. “One thing is certain—it hasn’t
been in the water very long. Some-
body else must be exploring the Sal-
ween—what’s that?”

  Again it came—a faint shout—and
it sounded from the opposite side of
the river. “There’s the owner,” I
laughed; “he wants his hat.” Then
the smile left my face, for the cry
came again. It was closer and the
tones clearer.

  Saxon turned to me, an incredulous
stare in his eyes. “By God! Bryson,
if I didn’t know such a thing was im-*
THE LAND OF CREEPING DEATH

833

 possible, I’d say that was a woman’s
 voice."

   Again it came, still nearer than be-
 fore—and there was no mistaking its
 accents. “Father! Father! Answer
 me!"

  It was a woman—even as she
 wailed out her appeal she burst into
 view on the opposite bank from a
 thicket of trees. “Father!" she
 called again, then, catching sight of
 us, she stopped and clasped her
 hands over her heart.

   "Don’t be afraid!" I called.

*	“We’re Englishmen—may we help
 you in any way ? ’ ’

  “Oh, if you would! I’m so
 afraid!" She slumped down on the
 bank and covered her face with her
 hands.

   "We’ll be right over—soon as we
 can fix up a raft," I said, and joined
 Saxon and Naja, who were already
 prying out a couple of logs from the
 mud of the bank and rolling them
 into the water. She took her hands
 from her face and watched us.

   When we stepped from the raft on
 her side of the river she stood up and
 gave us a. long, appraising glance.
 We also studied her with undisguised
 curiosity—wondering what a well-
 bred English girl was doing in that
 wilderness. Her skin was browned
 by the sun; her gray eyes were large
 but they were full of tears. I noticed
 she was trying to keep her lips from
 quivering while she twisted them into
 a smile of welcome.

   "What is troubling you?” I asked.
 "My friend and I are exploring the
 river—but may I know what you are
 doing in this wilderness?”

  “I came with Father.” Her
 steady voice broke on the word, but
 she bravely swallowed a sob and con-
 tinued: “I am Naomi Harcourt; my
 father is Professor Harcourt of Lan-
 caster University.. There’s a species
 of lizard Father has been studying
 that makes its home along the banks
 of this river. We have been up here

a month. The other day our native
guide slipped from a rock into the
Salween and was drowned; since
then Father and I have been entirely
alone. Last night we camped in that
ravine back there,” pointing behind
her to the thin woods. “This morn-
ing I was tired, so Father went out
for his daily specimen hunt by him-
self. He always comes back to rest
at noon—I am afraid something
dreadful has happened to him. ’ ’

  She was frankly crying by the
time she finished, and Saxon’s eyes
met mine significantly. I knew he
was thinking of the sun-helmet, we
had found floating in the Salween—
and I breathed a prayer of thankful-
ness that it had been left on the op-
posite bank, along with the bulk of
our luggage. Saxon tried to reassure
her—but to one who knew him well
his voice did not ring true. “Prob-
ably, Miss Harcourt, your father has
simply lost his way and will come
walking into camp any minute now.
If you like, we will keep you com-
pany until he turns up.”

  His words comforted her and she
dried her eyes as she sighed, “Oh,
if you would!"

  Then I broke in: “It’s the most
fortunate thing in the world that we
ran across you."

  “Isn’t it?" she said in a relieved
tone. “Father insisted this country
was no place for me and didn’t want
me to come—but I have always
traveled with him since Mother
died."

  I encouraged her to talk—it re-
lieved the nervous tension under
which she was laboring. While she
chatted we walked toward the ravine
where their camp was pitched, and
soon we saw the gleam of the two
small tents beneath the trees. It was
an ideal camping spot; a winding
stream made a sharp-pointed penin-
sula out of a small cool glade; but
despite its seeming security I recalled
the tales I had been told of the tigers
834

WEIRD TALES

that infested the forest-covered hills
in that district.

  I wondered at her dreamy imbecile
father—for he must be an imbecile to
bring a woman into such a country
and then leave her unprotected for
even an hour. Blit I remembered the
sun-helmet we had taken from the
water and my heart softened. Poor
devil! I knew he was at the bottom
of the Salween; no human being, un-
aided, could struggle out of the
stream’s swift current—its undertow
was relentless.

  But we did not dare tell Naomi
Harcourt that. We decided it would
be a kindness to wait until morning—
she looked so worried and tired. Be-
sides, her trustful eyes had made a
strong appeal to my rather phlegmat-
ic emotions. She seemed so confident
of our ability to take care of her, I
registered a vow in my heart that she
should not find her confidence mis-
placed. But it was no light task to
keep her mind free from worry over
her missing father; however, we did
our best while Naja cooked the even-
ing meal.

  Afterward we sat around the camp-
fire chatting and discovering mutual
acquaintances back in London. She
laughed often at our jokes—delicious
peals of laughter that, showed the
dimple in her left cheek and the
perfect whiteness of her teeth. Be-
fore it was time to retire we were
all her willing slaves—even Naja re-
spectfully worshiping the “white
Memsaliib” at a distance. She was
singularly fi-ee from all feminine af-
fectation, and it hurt deep in the bet-
ter part of our souls, when she ac-
cepted so trustingly our theory that
her father had simply lost his way
and would come back into camp in
the morning.

  Her faith in us sent her smilingly
to her small sleeping tent, and I was
glad when Saxon allowed me to take
the first watch without protest. He
took himself, and his shamed,

troubled eyes, away to the professor’s
small tent, where Naja was already
curled up on the ground before its
entrance.

Iwas glad to be alone—I wanted to
smoke and think of Naomi’s eyes
and wish I had the right to take her
in my arms and comfort her when the
first wave of grief over her father’s
death should flood her soul. She was
the type of woman men instinctively
wish to protect, and I sat for a long
time over the dying fire thinking of
her gray eyes.

  I refilled my pipe and then leaned
back against a tall tree trunk, my re-
peating rifle across my knees. Saxon
and I always took turns watching
throughout the night in that wild
country. It had grown very still—
the moon came up and flooded the
open space around the camp with
silver. The only sound that reached
my ears was the murmur of the
stream as it crept through the low
undergrowth in the ravine, on its
way to the river.

  As I leaned against the tree my
back was toward the stream that
circled the land behind me. Sudden-
ly I heard a soft splash in the water.
I turned quickly and caught a vague
glimpse of a naked human form
creeping toward me. I aimed my
rifle and fired. Instantly blood-curd-
ling yells came from all sides of the
glade and a horde of black gleaming
bodies swarmed into view.

  I emptied my gun among them—
the chance to protect Naomi Har-
court had come! The black oiled
bodies of the advancing men did not
look like Shan natives; their gleam-
ing eyeballs and flashing teeth, as
they yelled their war-cry, gave them
the appearance of demons spawned
in the darkness of the forest.

  My gun had done such execution
among them that only two had
crossed the stream when Saxon leaped
from the tent and his rifle caused
THE LAND OF CREEPING DEATH

835

another halt. During that pause
Naomi flew across the open space to-
ward me. She looked like a dryad in
her long white night-robe, with her
thick hair loose over her shoulders.

  At the sight of her a hoarse shout
went up from the blacks and they
surged forward again. I swung her
behind me and lifted my rifle, which
I had loaded while Saxon held them
at bay; when I finished the task my
cartridge belt was empty—and our
extra ammunition was with our camp
supplies on the farther bank of the
Salween.

  Naja was kneeling beside Saxon
wailing, “Shoot, Sahib Ross! Shoot
to kill!—they are the Wa people on
a head-hunting raid!”

   I noted then, for the first time, that
the black men had no firearms. They
took our deadly rifle fire coolly, clos-
ing their depicted ranks with the
seemingly endless swarm of men be-
hind. They carried long, wicked-
looking machetes in their hands, but
they seemed determined to overpower
us by the weight of their numbers.

  At Naja’s wailing words, Saxon
stepped closer to my side—speech
was not necessary between us. We
formed a wall with our bodies be-
tween the slender, helpless white girl
and #ie horde of blacks that had
glimpsed her beauty in the moon-
light. We had heard of the Wa peo-
ple and knew of their impregnable
villages in the highlands on the east-
ern side of the Salween. For years
they had defied all efforts of the Brit-
ish government to civilize them.

   They were a tribe that believed the
ghost of a dead man lingered in his
skull and would keep away the in-
visible demons of the air from their
villages and lands. Every year they
sent out a head-hunting expedition to
obtain fresh skulls—as they believed
at seeding time the demons were most
active and would bewitch the seed
and the soil. Their cultivated lands
were surrounded by rows of posts

hung with human skulls; their vil-
lage streets were ornamented the
same wav. The peaceful Shan natives
called the Wa territory "the land of
creeping death.” So I understood
Saxon's meaning when he said grim-
ly, ""Save a bullet for Naomi.”

  Even in the stress of that moment
I noticed that he also thought of her
by her first name. As I drew a bead
on a swarthy brute I caught a glimpse
of swaying underbrush at the right—
some of them had managed to cross
the stream, very deep at that point,
and were trying to attack us in the
rear. I left the ugly beast in front
of me to Saxon and swung around in
time to fire at two oily bodies break-
ing through the underbrush almost
behind us.

  Naomi saw them at the same time.
She rose from her crouching posture
and I felt har slender hands at my
holster. The next instant she was
clutching my revolver. Her body
swayed against me, making my heart
jump. I dared not take my eyes
from that swaying mass of shrubbery
where the blacks-were concealed, but
I sensed her glorious womanhood—
her appealing helplessness; and I
shivered as I pictured the inevitable
end of the conflict. No three men
could long withstand that writhing,
screaming, yet steadily advancing
horde; we must soon be swept into
oblivion by the very weight of their
numbers.

   Saxon’s repeating rifle was spitting
sullenly beside me; his cartridge belt
was half full, so I reloaded my gun
while he cursed the cringing front
ranks of blacks. “Damn you, take
that!” he snarled—his rifle barked
and a black body bounded into the
air and fell forward to be tramples
by the advancing lines behind.

  Then Naomi screamed. I took my
eyes from the swaying bushes at my
right in time to see a score of the
demons closing in from the left. I
fired desperately among them, but a
836

WEIRD TALES

close whiff of rancid grease made me
turn to the right again. A naked
oily native was standing beside me
with gleaming machete raised to
strike. A revolver shot sent him
sprawling—it was Naomi. She had
saved me from butchery for the mo-
ment. But my rifle was empty—so
was Saxon’s. I used mine as a club
on a screaming brute who reached for
the girl. As lie went down I dodged
a shining blade and brought the butt
of my gun down on the arm holding
the machete.

  Again Naomi fired. I yelled, ‘ ‘ Save
a bullet for yourself!" but she did
not hear me. I caught a glimpse of
her set white face as she stood with
her back to the tree, firing telling
shots. Naja was trying to protect her
with the small dagger he carried. I
saw him sink it into the throat of a
squat beast who grabbed at her hair.
I yelled encouragement and he
screamed back a prayer to the
heathenish god he worshiped.

  I heard Saxon cursing his Maker
as he struggled fruitlessly to reach
Naomi’s side. I swung my clubbed
gun in a vicious circle but the stock
snapped on a thick skull; hands
reached for me—I saw black fingers
tearing the white robe from Naomi’s
shoulders. The sight made me fran-
tic—her eyes were set in dull horror
as she fought the big beast who was
tearing her clothing.

  My bellow of rage was answered by
Saxon’s—he had glimpsed the same
scene. Then I smashed the arm of
a howling fiend, snatched his machete
and swung around to the girl’s de-
fense. I saw Saxon go down beneath
a wave of screaming savages—I saw
Naja sobbing with anger as he fought
against the firm grip of two naked
blacks—and all the time the maehete
in my hands rose and fell in the
midst of that pressing circle. Step
by step I advanced through a veri-
table river of blood to the spot where
the girl had fallen senseless at the

foot of the tree, I was glad she was
unconscious; it would be harder to
run that reddened blade through her
heart while her terrified eyes were on
my face.

  A glancing blow on the back of my
head staggered me—hands pulled at
my legs and arms. But I threw them
off. I knew I had to die and there
was one earthly task I must finish
first. I must run that machete
through Naomi’s heart—she must
not be left to that horde of savages.

  I reached her side—she lay white
and still at my feet—for a fleeting
instant I allowed myself to think how
lovely she was—then I sternly put
the thought away. I gritted my teeth
—forcing my cringing hands to
direct the blade toward her hearts
then a crashing blow on my head sent
me reeling headlong and blackness
enveloped the world.

The weird persistent beating of a
drum was the first impression
my brain registered when I returned
to consciousness. I opened my eyes
and found myself staring at a row of
grinning skulls suspended from the
ceiling of a high thatched roof. There
was a movement beside me—I blinked
and stared wonderingly; Naomi was
bending “over me and the light in her
gray eyes sent a thrill through my
veins. Then I heard Saxon’s voice,
“Bryson, old chap, how do you
feel?"

  His face came within my range of
vision and I saw a bandage was
around his temples—I recognized it
as part of the shirt he had been wear-
ing on the day we met Naomi. Sud-
denly the fight in the glade came back
to me. I raised up and immediately
clutched my aching head with both
hands and discovered it also was
bandaged.

  After my vision cleared I looked
about me. We were in a large bare
hut with rush-woven walls and a
THE LAND OF CREEPING DEATH

837

high thatched roof. Rows of grin-
ning skulls hung from the ceiling
and the air was heavy with the fetid
odor of decaying flesh. I brought my
gaze back to Saxon’s face and he
nodded to the question he saw in my
eyes..

  “Yes, we are prisoners in a Wa vil-
lage. I don’t know why we were not
killed at once—Naja said there is
something in their religious belief
that makes it necessary for them to
take their victims alive.” He stopped,
and my eyes followed his to the dis-
tant spot where Naomi had with-
drawn. She was trying to fasten her
torn gown on the shoulder.

  “Where is Naja?” I asked.

  “I don’t know. They took him
away a while ago—he understands
their lingo and has already learned
that the fight We put up places us
high in their estimation. God knows
how many devils we killed—you did
fine work with that machete, Bryson.
They pulled me down and then fell
over me so fast I was not seriously
hurt—but we thought you were dead
—one of the brutes hit you with a
heavy club.”

  “And Naomi?” I asked.

  “Is uninjured—so far.” He add-
ed the last in a low voice. “I saw
you trying to reach her with the
machete,” he went on in a whisper;
“God knows it would have been bet-
ter—now we are weaponless, and
when we entered the village I saw
their king looking at her-”

  He stopped and gritted his teeth.
I glanced over at Naomi. She had
turned away until only her profile
showed in the dark room. It looked
pure, high-bred, delicate. A wave of
physical nausea went over me as I
mentally pictured that brute of a Wa
king feasting his eyes on her. “I’ll
kill her with my bare hands first!”
I whispered fiercely, and he nodded
approval—which showed that his
thoughts had been following my own.

As the day drew to a close, food
was placed before us by silent
curious-eyed women. The guards
laughed and joked while they lounged
on the hard earth before the open
door. Occasionally they peered in at
us and we saw the murderous-looking
machetes at their belts. Eventually
darkness fell; as the room grew black
Naomi crept closer to my side. When
loud voices sounded near she groped
for my hand. I heard her sigh con-
tentedly when my fingers closed over
hers. She did not know how madly
the blood was coursing in my veins at
the touch of her soft palm—how the
fragrant nearness of her made me
forget for moments at a time that we
all must die—for there was no escape.

  Saxon had explained that the walls
of the village were constructed like a
fort; it was situated on a high hill
surrounded by a deep ditch over
which a drawbridge was built. The
only approach was over that draw-
bridge and through a winding tunnel
that led upward to the inner ram-
parts. This tunnel was heavily guard-
ed and the houses of the tribe were
built inside the fort around the huge
sun-burnt square I had glimpsed
through the doorway.

  Naomi broke a long silence by say-
ing, “Mx*. Ross has told me that you
found Father’s helmet in the Sal-
ween. I know he is dead—but it is
much better for him than this. ’ ’ Her
voice broke and the next moment I
pulled her gently into my arms and
she was sobbing on my breast. The
room was utterly black but I knew
Saxon realized Naomi was in my
arms—that it was I to whom she had
turned for comfort.

  Hours passed; Naomi cried herself
to sleep on my shoulder—then, sud-
denly, I heard heavy breathing be-
hind me! Its quality chilled my
heart—it sounded like a wounded
animal fighting the death-rattle.. I
suffered agony as I listened—even
while some instinct kept me motion-
838

WEIRD TALES

less, holding my breath. Saxon must
have been dozing, for he did not
move until a faint whisper came,
"Sahibs, Sahibs, are you there?”

  It was Naja—I heard the slight
rustling of the leaves on the floor as
he dragged himself through the loose
rushes of the hut’s side and crept to-
ward us—guided by our low whis-
pers. Occasionally a moan escaped
him and I knew by his fearful breath-
ing that he was mortally hurt. At
his first low words I was thankful
the girl in my arms was slee])ing the
sleep of utter exhaustion and could
not hear. "Sahibs, there is no hope
—you die tomorrow when the noon
sun shines down over the new rice-
field. It has just been cleared of the
jungle vines, ready to be flooded for
the planting. Your blood is to be
sprinkled over the ground and your
heads go on the posts.”

  “But the MemsahibI broke in;
"what are their plans for her?”

  The rattle in his throat grew loud-
er. “She goes to the king—when I
heard, I tried to steal a dagger to
bring to her—they caught me, I was
beaten and left for dead. They threw
my body aside for the head man’s
knife, but I regained my senses and
dragged myself here—to—warn—I

choke—Sahibs—I-’ ’

  There was a long struggling breath,
then silence.

  I heard Saxon moving in the dark-
ness and I knew he was feeling for
Naja’s pulse. After a while I heard
him sobbing. “He’s dead, Bryson;
I’ve been feeling his body—one leg
is broken and lie’s been hacked fear-
fully with machetes; yet he dragged

himself here to warn us-” His

voice broke and there was silence.

  My own eyes were wet as I recalled
that Naja was a heathen who wor-
shiped idols of stone—but I did not
fear for the soul that had just taken
flight from his tortured body.

Daylight found us wan-eyed and
despairing. The precious bur-
den on my breast grew doubly dear
as the hour approached when I must
send her soul to her Maker undefiled.
Saxon and I could face death with
stoicism—but we could not leave
Naomi for the Wa king. Yet my
heart recoiled from the task I had set
myself to perform—cowardlike I put
off the moment as long as possible.

  She opened her eyes as I gazed
longingly into her face. The guards
outside the open door were being
changed and the sound of their voices
awakened her. Saxon had drawn
Naja’s body into the hut’s darkest
corner and covered it with leaves,
with which the floor was plentifully
sprinkled. Then he sat, with liis back
turned so that I could have those
precious last moments alone with the
girl I loved. Time passed—we heard
shouting and laughter outside in the
square—yet still Naomi lived—the
longer I gazed into her sweet gray
eyes the weaker grew my will. ‘ * Just
a little more time,” I would whisper
to my fainting spirit, “just a little
more time—then I will take this
bandage from my head, fasten it
around her white throat and twist it
until she is dead. I must do it—
there is no other way! ’ ’

  But when I looked at her white
neck and pulsing throat I turned
craven. If only I had a gun or a
knife it would be easier—but to tor-
ture her!

  Suddenly the guards came through
the door and ordered us, by gestures,
out into the street. Then it was too
late, for they bound my hands be-
hind me. At the last moment, curs-
ing myself for a coward, I tried to
snatch one of their machetes and run
it through her heart—but they beat
me, down and took the weapon from
my frenzied hands.

  Saxon spoke on the way out. “You
couldn’t do it, Bryson—neither could
THE LAND OP CREEPING DEATH

83!)

I. We are eowards—may God for-
give us!"

  Naomi walked between two black
brutes who held her arms in a viselike
grip. We crossed a square between
rows of gaping natives, passed
through a wide gate in the ramparts,
descended a hill and found ourselves
in a large cultivated valley. At one
side of this valley was a tract of new-
ly cleared land, some ten acres wide,
and we reached it by a street lined
with high posts, each holding a grin-
ning skull.

  We found the king and his attend-
ants beneath a large tree on the edge
of the newly cleared land—he was
seated in a bamboo litter held by four
slaves. I did not feel as a man ought
to feel who is going to die—I was not
thinking of myself at all, but of
Naomi, and when I saw the salacious
light in the Wa king’s eyes, I cursed
the weakness that kept me from
strangling her to death. He was a
fat ugly brute, and when Naomi was
brought before him she screamed and
shrank away, as he reached out a paw
and touched her arm.

  Saxon went white at that scream
and strained frantically at his bonds.
I went mad—a bestial madness, that
sent me charging head-first, like an
angry bull, at that bundle of reeking
flesh in the bamboo litter. I reached
him just as he rose to pull Naomi
forcibly toward him, and my head
landed forcibly in his greasy paunch;
lie grunted and fell over backward in
the litter.

  Then I was grabbed by my angry
guards and hurried out into the cen-
ter of the huge sun-baked field and
bound securely to a post. Saxon was
fastened to a similar one a few feet
away. The blazing sun beat fiercely
in my eyes; my head ached from the
force with which I had driven it into
the king’s greasy paunch. I could
see Naomi lying, a crumpled heap of
white, beneath the tree beside the
king’s litter. She had fainted, and

I prayed desperately that she would
never open her eyes again.

  I saw two natives coming toward
us with gleaming machetes in their
hands. I knew 1 had but a few sec-
onds to live; at such tense moments
it is surprizing what small things at-
tract one’s attention. I could not
think of my coming death, for my
mind was obsessed with the hum-
ming of an insect—a bee evidently—
that I could hear buzzing behind me.

  It droned again and I turned my
head to see how close it was to my
ear. The sun was pouring into my
eyes and for a moment I thought I
had gone mad. Then the droning be-
gan again, and after another glance
at the heavens I gave a shout. ‘ ‘ Sax-
on! look!—an airplane!"

  The Wa king saw it at the same
time—he gave one shriek of fear as
he leaped from the litter and ran for
the safety of his fortification on the
hill.. His people followed, screaming
frantically with terror.

After the big military machine
landed and Saxon and I were be-
ing freed from our bonds by the lieu-
tenant in charge, he said, "I knew
something was wrong when I spied
that bunch of natives through my
field-glasses. Luckily for you my
pilot was flying low, hunting for a
landing place so he could tighten up
our steering gear.”

  As soon as my arms were free I
hurried across the field to Naomi—
still a quiet huddled heap beneath
the tree. She opened her eyes as I
lifted her into the cockpit of the fly-
ing machine; then she shrank closer
into my arms as she realized her
scant attire. The lieutenant handed
me his coat, and once wrapped in its
protecting folds, she sat up and
listened with interest to his explana-
tion of his presence in that territory
at such an opportune time. It seemed
that he was on an experimental trip
from Calcutta to Canton, China. To
840

WEIRD TALES

avoid the air currents around the
high mountains on the dividing line
between Burma and China he turned
to the northeast, which brought him
directly over the Wa country.

  “Now I’ll take you people back to
Mandalay,” he finished, “and when
I return I think I’ll drop a bomb or
two on that stronghold of devils; it
may make them hesitate another time
when they are tempted to capture

white people on their head-hunting

raids. ’ ’

  The big machine roared over the
ground and took the air like a great
bird. The others peered curiously
down as we passed over the village
on the hill. I peered down, too—but
not at the Wa people; I was gazing
into the eyes of the girl I loved, while
she smiled up at me from the shelter
of my breast.

Cagliostro, St. Germain, Murrell, and Others

SORCERY PAST
and PRESENT

By MARGUERITE LYNCH ADDIS

BROUGHT up to date by some
unprejudiced historian, the an-
nals of sorcery might perhaps
include names surprizing to the aver-
age reader. The world, however, now
considers itself grown up, and a large
number of taxpayers who in earlier
days would have been seized as sor-
cerers and escorted to the stake, there
to become a total loss, are now tol-
erantly relegated to whichever of the
various ologies and isms they seem to
belong, and allowed to flourish or not,
as circumstances and the finances of
their clients permit.

  This is a very different state of af-
fairs from the eager credulity which
led to so many witch-burnings in the
Middle Ages, or the pitiable materi-
alism of a later date, which explained
the unexplainable by the rather feeble
assertion that it didn’t exist, and
which smugly dismissed quite cred-

ible evidence to the contrary as evi-
dence of drunkenness, lunacy—or
anything, in short, except evidence of
things beyond its philosophy — and'
which rather suggested the bluster
which struggles to camouflage fear.

  But even in the days when astrol-
ogy, palmistry, crystal-gazing — all
the means of divination—were re-
garded as sorcery, and quite as com-
promising as direct connivance with
Beelzebub, and when an accusation
of dabbling in these mysteries often
meant death; then, as now, people
hurried to consult their favorite sor-
cerer. Only they went at night, us-
ually.

  Whether or not the famous sor-
cerers of history really possessed the
powers credited to them, they all seem
to have fallen down lamentably in re-
spect of defending themselves, or
even of avoiding a painful and igno-
SORCERY PAST AND PRESENT

841

minious death. Nor was sorcery in
high life more innocuous to its dev-
otees than to humbler persons.

  Gilles de Retz, or de Rais, one-time
Marshal of France, and commander
in the field with Joan of Arc, iost his
life on this account, although his high
connections used their influence to en-
sure the more dignified charge of
heresy against him.

  Outwardly a devout dignitary of
the Church, he was said to practise
the Black Art privately, and is some-
times mentioned as the original of
Bluebeard, but except for the color
of his beard, which actually appeared
blue in certain lights, there is little
in history to identify him with that
alarming gentleman. His reputed
victims were not a succession of beau-
teous but sadly inquisitive brides, but
innocent' infants, whose blood he re-
quired in his scientific researches for
the Elixir of Life. S. R. Crockett has
given a vivid picture of him in his
novel, The Black Douglas, which is
based on this sanguinary legend. It
is related that Gilles de Retz caused
to be kidnaped and murdered more
than eight hundred children, the dis-
covery of whose bones in a tower of
his chateau at Champtoce ultimately
led to his conviction. Mr. Crockett
tells us that werewolves aided de
Retz in these nocturnal kidnapings,
resuming their normal form of ser-
vants at the chateau during the day-
time.

  Apropos of this, Elliott O’Donnell,
in his book on werewolves, gives di-
rections for the attaining of lycan-
thropy, or werewolfery. He quotes
the proper incantation in full, and
the ingredients for the enchanted
salve to be rubbed on the body of the
candidate, and even the locality most
favorable for the ceremony. Where
wolves abound, one might experiment
with this curious spell, but in the
event of success, the appearance of a
lone wolf in a district hitherto free

of them might be productive of un-
pleasant consequences.

  Returning to Gilles de Retz, read-
ers of The White Company will re-
member that the wife of the French
warrior Du Guesclin, the Lady Ti-
phaine, foretold the future of the
young Sir Nigel, in one of her pro-
phetic trances.. This lady, known to
her contemporaries as a "fairy wo-
man” by right of these trances and
other supernormal traits, was an an-
cestress of Gilles de Retz.

  In the year 1440, de Retz was
hanged — some say burned — at
Nantes, after a full confession. Later,
it was officially stated that he was in-
nocent of the crimes imputed to him,
and his memory reinstated, but public
opinion remained prejudiced against
him, and in any case it was a little
late for de Retz to profit much by it.

  Others even more highly placed
were not more fortunate. The' Earl
of Mar, a brother of James III of
Scotland, was accused of employing
the arts of witches and sorcerers to
shorten the king’s days, and he was
summarily bled to death in his own
apartment, without even the sem-
blance of a trial.

  Janet Douglas, Ladv Glamis, also
suffered for the same offense, and was
executed in 1573. Glamis Castle
(now belonging to the family of the
Duchess of York) has ever been the
scene of weird happenings, and its
very walls are saturated with legend.
Apparitions are legion there: it is
only reasonable to suppose that the
ill-fated Janet Douglas stalks among
them.

  The fate of the witches and sor-
cerers with whom these two luckless
plotters connived is unknown; we are
free to assume that they were per-
haps so fortunate as to die in their
beds.

  It seems not to have occurred to our
forebears that magic (other than the
strictly divinatory kind) could be
used for any other purpose than the
842

WEIRD TALES

confusion of their enemies, by which
they themselves often benefited so
obviously that there was not much
hope of concealing their connection
with it. It is scarcely to be wondered
at that magicians practised their art
by stealth, and shivered, even if they
did not blush, to find it fame. Cer-
tainly one does not hear much of
either witches or sorcerers being feted
or entertained in a social sense until
a much later period.

Toward the middle of the Eight-
eenth Century the Comte St.
Germain was to dazzle a sophisti-
cated Paris, not alone with his magi-
cal mysteries, but with his social fas-
cinations. Old enough to have known
better (if we credit his assertion that
he had" lived two thousand years by
the aid of his secret Elixir of Life),
he allowed himself to become a lounge
lizard at the court of Lotus XV of
France, where he was spoiled by
ladies, acclaimed by the intelligentsia
as master-musician and linguist, and
entrusted with secret missions by the
king himself. The Comte was in de-
mand, too, with the alchemists, who
sought to learn his secret process of
removing flaws from diamonds, and
of transmuting the baser metals into
gold. If lie had contented himself
with his brilliant social successes, and
the beauty salves and pastes which
the fair ladies of the court lauded as
youth-renewing, he might have mani-
fested the ability of at least one sor-
cerer to keep out of trouble. Wiz-
ards, however, seem unable to keep
out of politics, and the accomplished
Comte was no exception, and was
obliged to flee to England in 1760, in
consequence. According to his pupil,
the no less famous Balsamo, or Ca-
gliostro, he founded Freemasonry in
Germany, after a prolonged visit to
Russia. The Landgrave Charles of
Hesse studied secret sciences under
him. He is said to have died at
Schleswig near the end of the Eight-

eenth Century, but people solemnly
swore to having seen him in Paris as
late as 1889. He maintained to the
end the mystery of his origin, nor
can authorities agree, to this day,
whether he was Italian, Spanish or
Polish.

  Of his pupil, Cagliostro, more is
definitely known. It is pretty well
established that he was born at Pa-
lermo in 1743, although he, like the
Comte St. Germain, claimed to have
lived many centuries by the use of
the Elixir of Life. Dumas’ novel,
Memoirs of a Physician, is based on
his life, and Dumas makes of him a
fascinating figure; sinister, but the
reverse of ignoble. The novelist, of
course, took liberties with facts, but
he represents the sorcerer as ex-
tremely handsome, and of extraordin-
ary cultivation. His wife, Lorenza
Feliciani, is also considerably white-
washed by Dumas, if we may believe
the historians, who between them
have not left the poor woman a shred
of character, although they all con-
cede her remarkable beauty.

  Carlyle calls the sorcerer a ‘ ‘ dusky,
bull-necked, mastiff-faced, sinister-
looking individual” with a “greasy,
prophetic, bulldog face.” According
to him, Cagliostro was a supremely
vulgar charlatan, given credence only
by the most ignorant, but it is diffi-
cult to reconcile this description of
him with the undoubted vogue he had
for a long time among people more
than a little fastidious. Carlyle, in
his Miscellanies, gives a detailed ac-
count of the Diamond Necklace affair,
in which Cagliostro was implicated,
and which caused the hapless Marie
Antoinette so much anguish. He,
also, could not keep his fingers out
of politics, and it was this, together
with his attempts to establish what
he called Egyptian Freemasonry,
that finally led to his imprisonment
in the Bastille, where he was sepa-
rated from his wife by only a few
cells, although neither was aware' of
SORCERY PAST AND PRESENT

*

843

this circumstance. Later, in En-
gland, he was moved to write his fa-
mous letter in which he declared that
Frenchmen needed only one thing to
make them the most favored of man-
kind. This one thing was, he ex-
plained, the certainty of sleeping un-
molested in their beds when they were
innocent. He became the fashion in
England, as in France. His love
philters, beauty lotions and predic-
tions (many of which were fulfilled)
caused his house to be besieged at ail
hours of the day and night, and
whenever he showed himself he was
sure of an ovation. All this did not
prevent his book on Egyptian Free-
masonry from being publicly burnt,
and he finally died a prisoner in the
fortress-prison of St. Leo in 1795.

  It is refreshing to turn to a magi-
cian who, with a little license, may
almost be called a contemporary,
since he died as late as 1860, and—
unique distinction!—died in his own
bed, in his own home, at the very
hour foretold by himself.

  Cunning Murrell, of Hadleigh,
England, was the seventh son of a
seventh son, and on these grounds
alone, according to his biographer,
Arthur Morrison, would have felt
justified in considering himself a born
sorcerer. He had, however, a very
complete system of divination, in
which lie himself implicitly believed,
and when the exercise of his "law-
ful magic arts" (his own expression)
once resulted in the unexpected ex-
posure of his own daughter as the
witch who had been causing trouble
to the animal and human population

of Hadleigh, he seems to have enter-
tained no question of his own infal-
libility as a wizard, but at once pro-
ceded to exorcise the unfortunate
lady. Twenty-five years ago Cunning
Murrell’s son was living, and very
willing to tell what he knew of his
father’s powers, which were still
deeply venerated in Hadleigh.

  The late Lord Lytton could have
in all modesty styled himself a sor-
cerer, by ancient standards, and in
certain of his writings, especially
The House and the Brain * he allows
some of his magical erudition to leak
out. Sax Rohmer’s book, The Ro-
mance of Sorcery, crowns several
hitherto unsuspected persons with
sorcerous laurels.

  From all of which it may be con-
cluded that sorcery is a much less
dangerous art than formerly, and
also much more lucrative. Edicts of
Louis XIV of France and George II
of England abolished all criminal
procedure on the subject of sorcery
and witchcraft in their dominions,
which was undoubtedly the beginning
of brighter days for the sorcerers.

  That these particular days are still
brighter for them, none can doubt
who read the personal columns of the
newspapers, and even if we no longer
stick pins in the wax effigies of our
enemies for their undoing, or direct
the Evil Eye upon our neighbors’
livestock, there are few of us who can
conscientiously affirm that they have
never bribed a modern sorcerer to lift
the veil of the future for us;—and is
not this the very essence of sorcery?

  *	Reprinted in WEIRD TALES, May, 1923.
WEIRD STORY REPRINT

I

The Song of Triumphant Love*

By IVAN TURGENIEFF

  This is what 1 read in an old Ital-
ian manuscript:

1

ABOUT the middle of the Six-
teenth Century there were

l	living in Ferrara (it was at
that time flourishing under the scep-
ter of its magnificent archdukes, the
patrons of the arts and poetry) two
young men, named Fabio and Muz-
zio. They were of the same age, and
of near kinship, and were scarcely
ever apart; the warmest affection
had united them from early child-
hood . . . the similarity of their posi-
tions strengthened the bond. Both be-
longed to old families; both were
rich, independent, and without fam-
ily ties; tastes and inclinations were
alike in both. Muzzio was devoted
to music, Fabio to painting. They
were looked upon with pride by the
whole of Ferrara, as ornaments of
the court, society and town. In ap-
pearance, however, they were not
alike, though both were distin-
guished by a graceful, youthful
beauty. Fabio was taller, fair of
face and flaxen of hair, and he had
blue eyes. Muzzio, on the other hand,
had a swarthy face and black hair,
and in his dark brown eyes there
was not the merry light, nor on his
lips the genial smile of Fabio; his
thick eyebrows overhung narrow
eyelids, while Fabio’s golden eye-
brows formed delicate half-circles on
his pure, smooth brow. In conver-
sation, too, Muzzio was less animat-

  *	Translated from the Russian.

    844

ed. For all that, the two friends
were both alike looked on with fa-
vor by ladies, as well they might
be, being models of chivalrous court-
liness and generosity.

  At the same time there was living
in Ferrara a girl named Valeria. She
was considered one of the greatest
beauties in the town, though it was
very seldom possible to see her, as
she led a retired life, and never went
out except to church, and on great
holidays for a walk. She lived with
her mother, a widow of noble family,
though of small fortune, who had no
other children. In everyone whom
Valeria met she inspired a sensation
of involuntary admiration, and an
equally involuntary tenderness and
respect, so modest was her mien, so
little, it seemed, was she aware of all
the power of her own charms. Some,
it is true, found her a little pale; her
eyes, almost always downcast, ex-
pressed a certain shyness, even
timidity; her lips rarely smiled, and
then only faintly; her voice scarcely
anyone had heard. But the rumor
went that it was most beautiful, and
that, shut up in her own room, in the
early morning when everything still
slumbered in the town, she loved to
sing old songs to the sound of the
lute, on which she used to play her-
self. In spite of her pallor, Valeria
was blooming with health; and even
old people, as they gazed on her,
could not but think, “Oh, how happy
the youth for whom that pure maid-
en bud, still enfolded in its petals,
will one day open into full flower!”
THE SONG OP TRIUMPHANT LOVE

845

2

C'abio and Muzzio saw Valeria for
the first time at a magnificent
public festival, celebrated at the
command of the Archduke of Fer-
rara, Ercol, son of the celebrated Lu-
crezia Borgia, in honor of some il-
lustrious grandees who had come
from Paris on the invitation of the
Archduchess, daughter of the French
king Louis XII. Valeria was sitting
beside her mother on an elegant trib-
une, built after a design of Palladio,
in the principal square of Ferrara,
for the most honorable ladies in the
town. Both Fabio and Muzzio fell
passionately in love with her on that
day; and, as they never had any se-
crets from each other, each of them
soon knew what was passing in his
friend's heart. They agreed togeth-
er that both should try to get to
know Valeria; and if she should
deign to choose one of them, the
other should submit without a mur-
mur to her decision. A few weeks
later, thanks to the excellent renown
they deservedly enjoyed, they suc-
ceeded in penetrating into the wid-
ow ’s house, difficult though it was to
obtain an entry to it; she permitted
them to visit her. From that time
forward they were able almost every
day to see Valeria and to converse
with her; and every day the passion
kindled in the hearts of both young
men grew stronger and stronger.
Valeria, however, showed no prefer-
ence for either of them, though their
society was obviously agreeable to
her. With Muzzio, she occupied her-
self with music but she talked more
with Fabio, with him she was less
timid. At last, they resolved to learn
once for all their fate, and sent a let-
ter to Valeria, in which they begged
her to be open with them, and to say
to which she would be ready to give
her hand. Valeria showed this letter
to her mother, and declared that she
was willing to remain unmarried, but
if her mother considered it time for

her to enter into matrimony, then
she would marry whichever one her
mother’s choice should fix upon. The
excellent widow shed a few tears at
the thought of parting from her be-
loved child; there was, however, no
good ground for refusing the suitors,
she considered both of them equally
worthy of her daughter’s hand. But
as she secretly preferred Fabio, and
suspected that Valeria liked him the
better, she fixed upon him. The next
day Fabio heard of his happy fate,
while all that was left for Muzzio
was to keep his word, and submit.

  And this he did; but to be the wit-
ness of the triumph of his friend and
rival was more than he could do. He
promptly sold the greater part of his
property, and collecting some thou-
sands of ducats, he set off on a far
journey to the East. As he said fare-
well to Fabio, he told him that he
should not return till he felt that the
last traces of passion had vanished
from his heart. It was painful to
Fabio to part from the friend of his
childhood and youth .... but the
joyous anticipation of approaching
bliss soon swallowed up all other sen-
sations, and he gave himself up
wholly to the transports of success-
ful love.

  Shortly after, he celebrated his
nuptials with Valeria, and only then
learnt the full worth of the treasure
it had been his fortune to obtain. He
had a charming villa, shut in by a
shady garden, a short distance from
Ferrara; he moved thither with his
wife and her mother. Then a time
of happiness began for them. Mar-
ried life brought out in a new and
enchanting light all the perfections
of Valeria. Fabio became an artist
of distinction—no longer a mere
amateur, but a real master. Valeria’s
mother rejoiced, and thanked God as
she looked upon the happy pair.

  Four years flew by unperceived,
like a delicious dream. One thing
only was wanting to the young
WEIRD TALES

couple, one lack they mourned over
as a sorrow: they had no children
. . hut. they had not given up all
hope of them. At the end of the
fourth year they were overtaken by
a great, this time a real sorrow; Va-
leria’s mother died.

  Many tears were shed by Valeria;
for a long time she could not accus-
tom herself to her loss. But another
year went by; life again asserted its
lights and flowed along its old chan-
nel. And behold, one fine summer
evening, unexpected by everyone,
Muzzio returned to Ferrara.

3

T-\uring the whole space of five
years that had elapsed since his
departure no one had heard any-
thing of him; all talk about him had
died away, as though he had van-
ished from the face of the earth.
When Fabio met his friend in one of
the streets of Ferrara he almost cried
out aloud, first in alarm and then in
delight, and he at once invited him
to his villa. There happened to be in
his garden there a spacious pavilion,
apart from the house; he proposed to
his friend that he should establish
himself in this pavilion. Muzzio
readily agreed and moved thither the
same day together with his servant,
a dumb Malay—dumb but not deaf,
and indeed, to judge by the alertness
of his expression, a very intelligent
man. His tongue had been cut out.

  Muzzio brought with him doz-
ens of boxes, filled with treasures of
all sorts collected by him in the
course of his prolonged travels. Va-
leria was delighted at Muzzio’s re-
turn; and he greeted her with cheer-
ful friendliness, but composure; it
could be seen in his every action
that he had kept the promise given to
Fabio. During the day he completely
arranged everything in order in
his pavilion; aided by his Malay,
he unpacked the curiosities he
had brought; rugs, silken stuffs, ve?

vet and brocaded garments, weapons,
goblets, dishes and bowls, decorated
with enamel, things made of gold
and silver, and inlaid with pearl and
turquoise, carved boxes of jasper
and ivory, cut bottles, spices, in-
cense, skins of wild beasts, and
feathers of unknown birds, and a
number of other things, the very use
of which seemed mysterious and in-
comprehensible. Among all these
precious things there was a rich
pearl necklace, bestowed upon Muz-
zio by the king of Persia for some
great and secret service; he asked
permission of Valeria to put this
necklace with his own hand about
her neck; she was struck by its
great weight and a sort of strange
heat in it ... it seemed to burn to
her skin. In the evening after din-
ner as they sat on the terrace of the
villa in the shade of the oleanders
and laurels, Muzzio began to relate
his adventures. He told of the dis-
tant. lands he had seen, of cloud-
topped mountains and deserts, rivers
like seas; he told of immense build-
ings, and temples, of trees a thou-
sand years old, of birds and flowers
of the colors of the rainbow; he
named the cities and the peoples he
had visited . . . their very names
seemed like a fairy-tale. The whole
East was familiar to Muzzio; he had
traversed Persia, Arabia, where the
horses are nobler and more beautiful
than any other living creatures; he
had penetrated into the very heart
of India, where the race of men grow
like stately trees; he had reached the
boundaries of China and Tibet,
where the living god, called the
Grand Lama, dwells on earth in the
guise of a silent man with narrow
eyes.

 Marvelous were his tales, and
both Fabio and Valeria listened to
him as if enchanted. Muzzio’s fea-
tures had really changed very little;
his face, swarthy from childhood,
’-id grown darker still, burnt under
THE SONG OF TRIUMPHANT LOVE

847

the rays of a hotter sun, his eyes
seemed more deep-set than before—
and that was all; but the expression
of his face had beeome different:
concentrated and dignified, it never
showed more life when he recalled
the dangers he had encountered by
night in forests that resounded with
the roar of tigers or by day on soli-
tary ways where savage fanatics lay
in wait for travelers, to slay them in
honor of their iron goddess who de-
mands human sacrifices. And Muz-
zio’s voice had grown deeper and
more even; his hands, his whole body
had lost the freedom of gesture pe-
culiar to the Italian race. With the
aid of his servant, the obsequiously
alert Malay, he showed his hosts a
few of the feats he had learnt from
the Indian Brahmins. Thus for in-
stance, having first hidden himself
behind a curtain, he suddenly ap-
peared sitting in the air cross-legged,
the tips of his fingers pressed lightly
on a bamboo cane placed vertically,
which astounded Fabio not a little
and positively alarmed Valeria.
“Isn’t he a sorcerer?” was her
thought.

  When he proceeded, piping on a
little flute, to call some tame snakes
out of a covered basket, where their
dark flat heads with quivering
tongues appeared under a parti-
colored cloth, Valeria was terrified
and begged Muzzio to put away these
loathsome horrors as soon as possible.

 At supper Muzzio regaled his
friends with wine of Shiraz from
a round long-necked flagon; it was
of extraordinary fragrance and
thickness, of a golden color with a
shade of green in it, and it shone
with a strange brightness as it was
poured into the tiny jasper goblets.
In taste it wras unlike European
wines: it was very sweet and spicy,
and, drunk slowly in small drafts,
produced a sensation of pleasant
drowsiness in all the limbs. Muzzio
made both Fabio and Valeria drink

a goblet of it. and he drank one him-
self. Bending over her goblet he
murmured something, moving his fin-
gers as he did so. Valeria noticed
this; but as in all Muzzio’s doings,
in his whole behavior, there was
something strange and out of the
common, she only thought, “Can he
have adopted some new faith in In-
dia, or is that the custom there?”

  After a short silence she asked him
if he had persevered with music
during his travels. Muzzio, in re-
ply, bade the Malay bring his Indian
violin. It was like those of today,
but instead of four strings it had
only three, the upper part of it was
covered with a bluish snake-skin,
and the slender bow of reed was in
the form of a half-moon, and on its
extreme end glittered a> pointed dia-
mond.

  Muzzio played first some mournful
airs, national songs, as he told them,
strange and even barbarous to an
Italian ear; the sound of the metallic
strings was plaintive and feeble. But
when Muzzio began the last song, it
suddenly gained force and rang out
tunefully and powerfully; the pas-
sionate melody flowed out under the
wide sweeps of the bow, flowed out,
exquisitely twisting and coiling like
the snake that covered the violin-
top; and such fire, such triumphant
bliss glowed and burned in this mel-
ody that Fabio and Valeria felt
wrung to the heart and tears came
into their eyes; while Muzzio, his
head bent, and pressed close to
the violin, his cheeks pale, his eye-
brows drawn together into a single
straight line, seemed still more con-
centrated and solemn; and the dia-
mond at the end of the bow flashed
sparks of light as though it, too,
were kindled by the fire of the divine
song.

  When Muzzio had finished, and
still keeping fast the violin between
his chin and his shoulder, dropped
the hand that held the bow, Fabio
848

WEIRD TALES

cried, "What is that? What is that
you have been playing to us?” Va-
leria uttered not a word—but her
whole being seemed echoing her hus-
band’s question.

  Muzzio laid the violin on the table
—and slightly tossing back his hair,
he said with a polite smile: "That—
that melody . . . that song I heard
once in the island of Ceylon. That
song is known there among the
people as the song of happy, trium-
phant love.” "Play it again,” Fabio
was murmuring. "No; it can’t be
played again,” answered Muzzio.
"Besides, it is now too late. Signora
Valeria ought to be at rest; and it
is time for me, too. I am weary.”

  During the whole day Muzzio had
treated Valeria with respectful sim-
plicity, as a friend of former days,
but as he went out he clasped her
hand very tightly, squeezing his fin-
ders on her palm, and looking so in-
tently into her face that though she
did not raise her eyelids, she yet felt
the look on her suddenly flaming
cheeks. She said nothing to Muzzio,
but jerked away her hand, and when
lie was gone, she gazed at the door
through which he had passed out.
She remembered how she had been
r>, little afraid of him even in old
days, and now she was overcome
by perplexity. Muzzio went otf to
his pavilion: the husband and wife
went to their bedroom.

4

T Taijeria did not quickly fall

  V	asleep; there was a faint and
languid fever in her blood and a
slight ringing in her ears—from
that strange wine, as she supposed,
and perhaps, too, from Muzzio’s
stories, from his playing on the vio-
lin. Toward morning she did at
3ast fall asleep, and she had an ex-
traordinary dream.

  She dreamt that she was going in-
to a large room with a low ceiling.
Such a room she had never seen in

her life. All the walls were covered
with tiny blue tiles with gold lines
on them; slender carved pillars of
alabaster supported the marble ceil-
ing ; the ceiling itself and the pillars
seemed half transparent, and a pale
rosy light penetrated from all sides
into the room, throwing a mysterious
and uniform light on all the objects
in it; brocaded cushions lay on a
narrow rug in the very middle of the
floor, which was smooth as a mirror.
In the corners, almost unseen, Avere
smoking lofty censers, of the shape
of monstrous beasts; there was no
window anywhere; a door hung with
a velvet curtain stood dark and si-
lent in a recess in the wall. And
suddenly this curtain slowly glided,
moved aside, and in came Muzzio.
He bowed, opened his arms, laughed.
His fierce arms enfolded Valeria’s
waist; his parched lips burned her
all over. . . . She fell backward on
the cushions.

  Moaning with horror, after long
struggles, Valeria awoke. Still not
realizing where she was and what
Avas happening to her, she raised her-
self on her bed, looked around. A
tremor ran over her whole body. . . .
Fabio was lying beside her. He was
asleep; but his face in the light of
the brilliant full moon looking in at
the window was pale as a corpse’s
—it was sadder than a dead face.
Valeria waked her husband, and di-
rectly he looked at her. "What is
the matter?” lie cried. "I had—I had
a fearful dream,” she whispered,
still shuddering all over.

  But at that instant from the direc-
tion of the pavilion came floating
powerful sounds, and both Fabio and
Valeria recognized the melody Muz-
zio had played to them, calling it the
song of blissful, triumphant love.
Fabio looked in perplexity at Vale-
ria. She closed her eyes, turned
away, and both holding their breath,
heard the song out to the end. As
the last note died away, the moon
passed behind a cloud, it was sud-
THE SONG OF TRIUMPHANT LOVE

849

denly dark in the room. . . . Both
the young people let their heads sink
on their pillows without exchanging
a word, and neither of them noticed
when the other fell asleep.

5

The next morning Muzzio came in
to breakfast; he seemed happy
and greeted Valeria cheerfully. She
answered him in confusion—stole a
glance at him—and felt frightened
at the. sight of that serene happy
faee, those piercing and inquisitive
eyes. Muzzio was beginning again
to tell some story, but Fabio inter-
rupted him at the first word.

  "You could not sleep, I see, in your
new quarters. My wife and I heard
you playing last night’s song."

  " Yes! Did you hear it ? ” said Muz-
zio. "I played it indeed; but I had
been asleep before that, and I had a
wonderful dream, too."

  Valeria was on the alert. “What
sort of dream?" asked Fabio.

 “I dreamed," answered Muzzio,
not taking his eyes off Valeria, “I
was entering a spacious apartment
with a ceiling decorated in Oriental
fashion; carved columns supported
the roof, the walls were covered with
tiles, and though there were neither
windows nor lights, the whole mom
was filled with a rosy light, just as
though it were all built of transpar-
ent stone. In the corners, Chinese
censers were smoking, on the floor
lay brocaded cushions along a nar-
row rug. I went in through a door
covered with a curtain, and at an-
other door just opposite appeared a
woman whom I once loved. And so
beautiful she seemed to me, that I
was all aflame with my old love-”

  Muzzio broke off significantly.
Valeria sat motionless, and only
gradually she turned white, and she
drew her breath more slowly.

 “Then," continued Muzzio, “I
waked up and played that song."

  “But who was that woman?" said
Fabio.	r	■

  “Who was she? The wife of an In-
dian—I met her in the town of Delhi.
She is not alive now—she died."

  “And her husband?" asked Fabio,
not knowing why he asked the ques-
tion.

  “Her husband, too, they say is
dead. I soon lost sight of them
both.”

  ‘ * Strange! ’ ’ observed Fabio. ‘ ‘ My
wife, too, had an extraordinary
dream last night”—Muzzio gazed
intently at Valeria—“which she-did
not tell me,” added Fabio.

  But at this point Valeria got up
and went out of the room. Imme-
diately after breakfast, Muzzio, too,
went away, explaining that he had
to be in Ferrara on business, and
that he would not be back before the
evening.

6

A few weeks before Muzzio’s re-
turn, Fabio had begun a portrait
of his wife, depicting her with the
attributes of Saint Cecilia. He had
made considerable advance in his
art; the renowned Luini, a pupil of
Leonardo da Vinci, used to come to
him at Ferrara, and while aiding him
with his own counsels, pass on also
the precepts of his great master. The
portrait was almost completely fin-
ished ; all that was left was to add a
few strokes to the faee, and Fabio
might well be proud of his creation.

  He saw Muzzio off on his way to
Ferrara, then turned into his studio,
where Valeria was usually waiting
for him; but he did not find her
there. He called her; she did not re-
spond. Fabio was overcome by a se-
cret uneasiness; he began looking for
her.

 She was nowhere in the house.
Fabio ran into the garden, and there
in one of the more secluded walks he
caught sight of Valeria. She was
sitting on a seat, her head drooping
on to her bosom and her hands fold-
ed upon her knees; while behind her,
850

WEIRD TALES

peeping out of the dark green of a
cypress, a marble satyr, with a dis-
torted malignant, grin on his face,
was putting his pouting lips to a
Pan’s pipe. Valeria was visibly re-
lieved at her husband’s appearance,
and to his agitated questions she re-
plied that she had a slight headache,
but that it was of no consequence,
and she was ready to come to sit to
him.

  Fabio led her to the studio, posed
her, and took up his brush; but to
his great vexation, he could not fin-
ish the face as he would have liked
to. And not because it was some-
what pale and looked exhausted
... no; but the pure, saintly expres-
sion, which he liked so much in it,
and which had given him the idea of
painting Valeria as Saint Cecilia, he
could not find in it that day. He
flung down the brush at last, told his
wife he was not in the mood for
work, and that he would not prevent
her from lying down, as she did not
look at all well, and put the canvas
with its face to the wall. Valeria
agreed with him that she ought to
rest, and repeating her complaints of
a headache, withdrew into her bed-
room.

  Fabio remained in the studio. He
felt a strange confused sensation in-
comprehensible to himself. Muzzio’s
stay under his roof, to which he,
Fabio, had himself urgently invited
him, was irksome to him. And not
that he was jealous—could anyone
have been jealous of Valeria!—but
he did not recognize his former com-
rade in his friend. All that was
strange, unknown and new that Muz-
zio had brought with him from those
distant lands—and which seemed to
have entered into his very flesh and
blood—all these magical feats, songs,
strange drinks, this dumb Malay,
even the spicy fragrance diffused by
Muzzio’s garments, his hair, his
breath—all this inspired in Fabio a
sensation akin to distrust, possibly

even to timidity. And why did that
Malay waiting at table stare with
such disagreeable intentness at him,
Fabio? Really anyone might sup-
pose that he understood Italian.
Muzzio had said of him that in los-
ing his tongue, this Malay had made
a great sacrifice, and in return he
was now possessed of great power.
What sort1 of power? and how could
he have obtained it at the price of
his tongue? All this was very
strange, very incomprehensible!

  Fabio went into his wife’s room;
she was lying on the bed, dressed,
but was not asleep. Hearing his
steps, she started, then again seemed
delighted to see him just as in the
garden. Fabio sat down beside the
bed, took Valeria by the hand, and
after a short silence, asked her what
was the extraordinary dream that
had frightened her so the previous
night. And was it the same sort at
all as the dream Muzzio had de-
scribed? Valeria crimsoned and
said hurriedly: “ Oh! no! no! I saw
—a sort of monster which was trying
to tear me to pieces.”

 “A monster in the shape of a
man?” asked Fabio. “No, a beast—
a beast!” Valeria turned away and
hid her burning face in the pillows.

Fabio held his wife’s hand some
time longer; silently he raised it to
his lips, and withdrew.

  Both the young people passed that
day with heavy hearts. Something
dark seemed hanging over their
heads, but what it was, they could
not tell. They Avanted to be to-
gether, as though some danger
threatened them; but what to say to
one another they did not know.
Fabio made an effort to take up the
portrait, and to read Ariosto, Avhose
poem had appeared not long before
in Ferrara, and was now making a
noise all over Italy; but nothing was
of any use.

  Late in the evening, just at sup-
per-time, Muzzio returned.
THE SONG OF TRIUMPHANT LOVE

851

7

He seemed composed and cheerful
—but he told them little; he de-
voted himself rather to questioning
Fabio about their common acquaint-
ances, about the German war, and
the Emperor Charles: he spoke of his
own desire to visit Rome, to see the
new Pope. He again offered Valeria
some Shiraz wine, and on her re-
fusal, observed as though to himself,
“Now it’s not needed, to be sure.”

  Going back with his wife to their
room, Fabio soon fell asleep; and
waking up an hour later, felt a con-
viction that no one was sharing his
bed; Valeria was not beside him. He
got up quickly and at the same in-
stant saw his wife in her night attire
coming out of the garden into the
room. The moon was shining bright-
ly, though not long before a light
rain had been falling. With eyes
closed, with an expression of myste-
rious horror on her immovable face,
Valeria approached the bed, and
feeling for it with her hands
stretched out before her, lay down
hurriedly and in silence. Fabio
turned to her with a question, but
she made no reply; she seemed to be
asleep. He touched her, and felt on
her dress and on her hair drops of
rain, and on the soles of her bare
feet, little grains of sand. Then he
leapt up and ran into the garden
through the half-open door. The
crude brilliance of the moon wrapt
every object in light. Fabio looked
about him, and perceived on the sand
of the psPth prints of two pairs of
feet—one pair were bare; and these
prints led to a bower of jasmine, on
one side, between the pavilion and
the house. He stood still in perplex-
ity, and suddenly once more he
heard the strains of the song he had
listened to the night before.

  Fabio shuddered, ran into the pa-
vilion. Muzzio was standing in the
middle of the room playing on the
violin. Fabio rushed up to him.

  “You have been in the garden,
your clot lies arc wot with rain.”

  “No ... I don’t know ... I think
. . . I have not been out ...” Muz-
zio answered slowly, seeming amazed
at Fabio’s entrance and his excite-
ment.

  Fabio seized him by the hand.
“And why are you playing that mel-
ody again? Have you had a dream
again ? ’ ’

  Muzzio glanced at Fabio with the
same look of amazement, and said
nothing.

  “Answer me!”

“The moon stood high like, a round shield ...
Like a snake, the river shines . . ,

The friend’s awake, the'foe’s asleep . . .
The bird is in the falcon’s clutches . . .

     Help!”

muttered Muzzio, humming to him-
self as though in delirium.

  Fabio stepped back two paces,
stared at Muzzio, pondered a mo-
ment, and went back to the house,
to his bedroom.

  Valeria, her head sunk on her
shoulder and her hands hanging life-
lessly, was in a heavy sleep. He
could not quickly awaken her—
but directly she saw him, she filing
herself on his neck, and embraced
him convulsively. She was trembling
all over.

  "Wliat is the matter, my precious,
what is it?” Fabio kept repeating,
trying to soothe her. But she still
lay lifeless on his bi*cast.

 “Ah, what fearful dreams I
have!” she whispered, hiding her
face against him. Fabio would have
questioned her, but she only shud-
dered. The window-panes were
flushed with the early light of morn-
ing when at last she fell asleep in
his arms.

8

The next day Muzzio disappeared
from early morning, while Vale-
ria informed her husband that she
intended to go away to a neighbor-
852

WEIRD TALES'

ing monastery, where lived her
spiritual father, an old and austere
monk, in whom she placed unbound-
ed confidence. To Fabio’s inquiries
she replied that she wanted by con-
fession to relieve her soul, which was
weighed down by the exceptional im-
pressions of the last few days. As
he looked upon Valeria’s sunken
face, and listened to her faint voice,
Fabio approved of her plan; the
worthy Father Lorenzo might give
her valuble advice, and might dis-
perse her doubts.

  Under the escort of four attend-
ants, Valeria set off to the monas-
tery, while Fabio remained at home,
and wandered about the garden till
his wife’s return, trying'to compre-
hend what had happened to her, and
a victim to constant fear and wrath,
and the pain of undefined suspicions.
More than once he went up to the
pavilion; but Muzzio had not re-
turned and the Malay gazed at Fabio
like a statue, obsequiously bowing
his head, with a well-dissembled—so
at least it seemed to Fabio—smile on
his bronzed face.

  Meanwhile, Valeria had in confes-
sion told everything to her priest,
not so much with shame as with hor-
ror. The priest heard her atten-
tively, gave her his blessing, ab-
solved her from her involuntary sin,
but to himself he thought: "Sorcery,
the arts of the devil—the matter
can’t he left so,” and he returned
with Valeria to her villa, as though
with the aim of completely pacifying
and reassuring her.

  At the sight of the priest, Fabio
was thrown into some agitation; but
the experienced old man had thought
out beforehand how he must treat
him. When he was left alone with
Fabio, he did not of course betray
the secrets of the confessional, but
he advised him if possible to get rid
of the guest they had invited to their
house, as by his stories, his songs,
and his whole behavior he was troub-
ling the imagination of Valeria.

Moreover, in the old man’s opinion,
Muzzio had not, he remembered, been
very firm in the faith in former days,
and having spent so long a time in
lands unenlightened by the truths of
Christianity, he might well have
brought thence the contagion of false
doctrine, might even have become
conversant with secret magic arts;
and, therefore, though long friend-
ship had indeed its claims, still a
wise prudence pointed to the neces-
sity of separation.

  Fabio fully agreed with the excel-
lent monk. Valeria was even joyful
when her husband reported to her
the priest’s counsel; and sent on his
way with the cordial good-will of
both the young people, loaded with
good gifts for the monastery and the
poor, Father Lorenzo returned home.

  Fabio intended to have an explan-
ation with Muzzio immediately after
supper; but his strange guest did not
return to supper. Then Fabio de-
cided to defer his conversation with
Muzzio until the following day; and
both the young people retired to rest.

9

TTaleria soon fell asleep; but Fabio

  V	could not sleep. In the stillness
of the night, everything he had seen,
everything he had felt presented it-
self more vividly; he put to himself
still more insistently questions to
which as before he could find no an-
swer. Had Muzzio really become a
sorcerer, and had he not already poi-
soned Valeria? She wag ill—but
what was her disease? While he
lay, his head in his hand, holding his
feverish breath, and given up to
painful reflection, the moon rose
again upon a cloudless sky; and to-
gether with its beams, through the
half-transparent window-panes, there
began, from the direction of the pa-
vilion—or was it Fabio’s fancy?—to
come a breath, like a light, fragrant
current; then an urgent, passion-
ate murmur was heard, and at
THE SONG OF TRIUMPHANT LOVE

853

that instant he observed that Va-
leria was beginning faintly to stir.
He started, looked; she rose up, slid
first one foot, then the other out of
the bed, and like one bewitched of
the moon, her sightless eyes fixed
lifelessly before her, her hands
stretched out, she began moving to-
ward the garden! Fabio instantly
ran out of the other door of the
room, and running quickly round the
corner of the house, bolted the door
that led into the garden. He had
scarcely time to grasp at the bolt,
when he felt someone trying to open
the door from the inside, pressing
against it . . . again and again . . .
and then there was the sound of
piteous passionate moans . . .

  “But Muzzio has not come back
from the town, ’ ’ flashed through
Fabio’s head, and he rushed to the
pavilion.

  Coming toward him, along the
path dazzlingly lighted up by the
moon’s rays, was Muzzio, he too
moving like one moonstruck, his
hands held out before him, and his
eyes open but unseeing. Fabio
ran up to him, but he, not heeding
him, moved on, treading evenly, step
by step, and his rigid face smiled in
the moonlight like the Malay’s. Fa-
bio would have called him by his
name, but at that instant he heard,
behind him in the house, the creak-
ing of a window. He looked round.

  Yes, the window of the bedroom
was open from top to .bottom, and
putting one foot over the sill, Va-
leria stood in the window. Her
hands seemed to be seeking Muzzio
—she seemed striving all over to-
ward him. . . .

  Unutterable fury filled Fabio’s
breast with a sudden inrush. “Ac-
cursed sorcerer!” he shrieked furi-
ously, and seizing Muzzio by the
throat with one hand, with the other
he felt for the dagger in his girdle,
and plunged the blade into his side
up to the hilt.

  Muzzio uttered a shrill scream,

and clapping his hand to the wound,
ran staggering back to the pavilion.
But at the very same instant
when Fabio stabbed him, Valeria
screamed just as shrilly, and fell to
the earth like grass before the
scythe.

  Fabio flew to her, raised her up,
carried her to the bed, began to
speak to her.. . .

  She lay a long time motionless, but
at last she opened her eyes, heaved a
deep, broken, blissful sigh, like one
just rescued from imminent death,
saw her husband, and twining her
arms about his neck, erept close to
him.

  “You. you, it is you,” she faltered.
Gradually her hands loosened their
hold, her head sank back, and mur-
muring with a blissful smile, “Thank
God, it is all over. . . . But how
weary I am!” she fell into a sound
but not heavy sleep.

10

Fabio sank down beside her bed,
and never taking his eyes off her
pale and sunken, but already calmer,
face, began reflecting on what had
happened, and also on how he ought
to act now. What steps was he to
take? If he had killed Muzzio—and
remembering how deeply the dagger
had gone in, he could have no doubt
of it—it could not be hidden. He
would have to bring it to the knowl-
edge of the archduke, of the judges
—but how explain, how describe
such an incomprehensible affair? He,
Fabio, had killed in his own house
his own kinsman, his dearest friend!
They will inquire, “What for? on
what grounds?” But if Muzzio were
not dead? Fabio could not endure
to remain longer in uncertainty, and
satisfying himself that Valeria was
asleep, he cautiously got up from his
chair, went oxit of the house, and
made his way to the pavilion. Every-
thing was still in it; only in one win-
dow a light was visible.
854

WEIRD TALES

  With a sinking heart he opened
the outer door (there was still the
print of blood-stained fingers on it,
and there were black drops of gore
on the sand of the path), passed
through the first dark room—and
stood still on the threshold, over-
whelmed with amazement.

  In the Tniddle of the room, on a
Persian rug, with a brocaded cush-
ion under his head, and all his limbs
stretched out straight, lay Muzzio,
covered with a wide, red shawl with
a black pattern on it. His face, yel-
low as wax, with closed eyes and
bluish eyelids, was turned toward
the ceiling. No breathing could be
discerned: he seemed a corpse. At
his feet knelt the Malay, also wrapt
in a red shawl. He was holding in
his left hand a branch of some un-
known plant, like a fern, and bend-
ing slightly forward, was gazing
fixedly at his master. A small torch
fixed on the floor burnt with a green-
ish flame, and was the only light in
the room. The flame did not flicker
uor smoke.

  The Malay did not stir at Fabio’s
!>ntry, lie merely turned his eyes
upon him. and again bent them upon
Muzzio. From time to time he raised
.ind lowered the branch, and waved
it, in the air, and his dumb lips slowly
parted and moved as though uttering
soundless words. On the floor be-
iween the Malay and Muzzio lay the
dagger with which Fabio had
tabbed his friend; the Malay struck
•>ne blow with the branch on the
blood-stained blade. A minute
passed . . . another.

  Fabio approached the Malay, and
looping down to him, asked in an
undertone, "Is he dead?” The Malay
bent his head from above down-
ward, and disentangling his right
a and from his shawl, he pointed im-
periously to the door. Fabio would
nave repeated his question, but the
gesture of the commanding hand
was repeated, and Fabio went out,

indignant and wondering, but obedi-
ent.

  He found Valeria sleeping as be-
fore, with an even more tranquil ex-
pression on her face. He did not
undress, but seated himself by the
window, his head in his hand, and
once more sank into thought. The
rising sun found him still in the same
place. Valeria had not waked up.

11

'C'abio intended to wait till she
awakened, and then to set off to
Ferrara, when suddenly someone
tapped lightly at the bedroom door.
Fabio went out, and saw his old
steward, Antonio. "Signor,” began
the old man, "the Malay has just in-
formed me that Signor Muzzio has
been taken ill, and wishes to be
moved with all his belongings to the
town; and that he begs you to let
him have servants to assist in pack-
ing his things; and that at dinner-
time you would send pack-horses,
and saddle-horses, and a few attend-
ants for the journey. Do you allow
it?” “The Malay informed you of
this?” asked Fabio. "In what man-
ner? Why, he is dumb.” “Here,
Signor, is the paper on which he
wrote all this in our language, and
very correctly.” “And Muzzio, you
say, is ill?” “Yes, he is very ill, and
can see no one. ” “ Have they sent for
a doctor?” “No. The Malay forbade
it.” “And was it the Malay who
wrote you this?” “Yes, it was he.”
Fabio did not speak for a moment.
“Well, then, arrange it all,” he said
at last. Antonio withdrew.

  Fabio looked after his servant in
bewilderment. “Then, lie is not
dead,” he thought, and he did
not know whether to rejoice or to be
sorry. “111?” But a few hours ago
it was a corpse he had looked upon!

  Fabio returned to Valeria. She
waked up and raised her head. The
husband and wife exchanged a long
look full of significance. “He is
THE SONG OF TRIUMPHANT LOVE

855

gone?" Valeria said suddenly. Fabio
shuddered. "How gone? Is he
gone away?" she continued.

  A load fell from Fabio’s heart.
“Not yet; but he is going today."
“And I shall never, never see him
again?” “Never.” “And these
dreams will not come again?” "No.”
Valeria heaved a sigh of relief;
a blissful smile once more appeared
on her lips. She held out both hands
to her husband. "And we will never
speak of him, never, do you hear, my
dear one? And I will not leave my
room till he is gone. And do you
now send me my maids. But stay:
take away that thing!" she pointed
to the pearl necklace, lying on a lit-
tle bedside table, the necklace given
her by Muzzio, ‘ ‘ and throw it at once
into our deepest well. Embrace me.
I am your Valeria; and do not come
in to me till—he has gone.”

  Fabio took the necklace and did
as his wife had directed. Then he
fell to wandering about the garden,
looking from a distance at the pavil-
ion, about which the bustle of prepa-
rations for departure was beginning.
Servants were bringing out boxes,
loading the horses—but the Malay
was not among them. An irresisti-
ble impulse drew Fabio to look once
more upon what was taking place in
the pavilion. He recollected that
there was at the back a secret door,
by which he could reach the inner
room where Muzzio had been lying
in the morning. He stole round to
this door, found it unlocked, and,
parting the folds of a heavy curtain,
turned a faltering glance upon the
room within.

12

■JV/fuzzio was not now lying on the
rug. Dressed as though for a
journey, he sat in an armchair, but
seemed a corpse, just as on Fabio’s
first visit. His torpid head fell back
on the chair, and his outstretched
hands hung lifeless, yellow and rigid

on his knees. His breast did not
heave. Near the chair on the floor,
which was strewn with dried herbs,
stood some flat bowls of dark liquid,
which exhaled a powerful, almost
suffocating, odor, the odor of musk.
Around each bowl was coiled a
small snake of brazen hue, with
golden eyes that flashed from time
to time; while directly facing Muz-
zio, two paces from him, rose the
long figure of the Malay, wrapt in a
mantle of many-colored brocade,
girt round the waist with a tiger’s
tail, with a high hat, of the shape of
a pointed tiara on his head. But he
was not motionless: at one moment
he bowed down reverently, and
seemed to be praying, at the next he
drew himself up to his full height,
even rose on tiptoe; then, with a
rhythmic action, threw wide his arms,
and moved them persistently in the
direction of Muzzio, and seemed to
threaten or command him, frowning
and stamping with his foot. All these
actions seemed to cost him great ef-
fort, even to cause him pain: he
breathed heavily, the sweat streamed
down his face. All at once he sank
down to the ground, and drawing in a
full breath, with knitted brow and
immense effort, drew his clenched
hands toward him, as though he were
holding reins in them—and to the in-
describable horror of Fabio, Muzzio’s
head slowly left the back of the chair,
and moved forward, following the
Malay’s hands. The Malay let them
fall, and Muzzio’s head fell heavily
back again; the Malay repeated his
movements, and obediently the head
repeated them after him.. The dark
liquid in the bowls began boiling;
the bowls themselves began to re-
sound with a faint bell-like note,
and the brazen snakes coiled freely
about each of them. Then the Malay
took a step forward, and raising his
eyebrows and opening his eyes im-
mensely wide, he bowed his head to
Muzzio . . . and the eyelids of the
856

WEIRD TALES

dead man quivered, parted uncertain-
ly, and under them could be seen the
eyeballs, dull as lead. The Malay’s
face was radiant with triumphant
pride and delight, a delight almost
malignant; he opened his mouth wide,
and from the depths of liis chest there
broke out with effort a prolonged
howl. Muzzio’s lips parted, too, and
a faint moan quivered 011 them in
response to that inhuman sound. . . .

  But at this point Fabio could en-
dure it 110 longer; he imagined he was
present at some devilish incantation!
He too uttered a shriek and rushed
out, running home as quickly as pos-
sible, without looking round, repeat-
ing prayers and crossing himself as
he ran.

13

Three hours later, Antonio came
to him with the announcement
that everything was ready, the things
were packed, and Signor Muzzio was
preparing to start. Without a word
in answer to his servant, Fabio went
out on to the teri’ace, whence the pa-
vilion could be seen. A few pack-
horses were grouped before it; a pow-
erful raven horse, saddled for two
riders, was led up to the steps, where
servants were standing bareheaded,
together with armed attendants. The
door of the pavilion opened, and sup-
ported by the Malay, who wore once
more his ordinary attire, appeared
-luzzio. His face was deathlike, and
his hands hung like a dead man’s,
but he walked — yes, positively
walked—and, seated 011 the charger,
he sat upright and felt for and found
the reins. The Malay put his feet in
the stirrups, leaped up behind him on
the saddle, put his arm round him,
and the whole party started. The
horses moved at a walking pace, and
when they turned round before the
house, Fabio fancied that in Muzzio’s
dark face there gleamed two spots of
white. Could it be he had turned
his eyes upon him? Only the Malay

bowed to him—ironically, as ever.

  Did Valeria see all this? Her win-
dow-blinds were drawn—but it may
be she was standing behind them.

14

\ t dinner-time she came into the
dining room, and was very quiet
and affectionate; she still complained,
however, of weariness. But there was
no agitation about her now, none of
her former constant bewilderment
and secret dread; and when, the day
after Muzzio’s departure, Fabio set to
work again on her portrait, he found
in her features the pure expression,
the momentary eclipse of which had
so troubled him, and his brush
moved lightly over the canvas.

  The husband and wife took up their
old life again. Muzzio vanished for
them as though he had never existed.
Fabio and Valeria were agreed, as it
seemed, not to utter a syllable refer-
ring to him, not to leam anything of
his later days; his fate remained, how-
ever, a mystery for all. Muzzio did
actually disappear, as though he had
sunk into the earth. Fabio one day
thought it his duty to tell Valeria ex-
actly what had taken place on that
fatal night, but she probably di-
vined his intention, and she held her
breath, half-shutting her eyes, as
though she were expecting a blow.
Fabio understood her; and he did
not inflict that blow upon her.

  One fine autumn day, Fabio was
putting the last touches to his picture
of his Cecilia; Valeria sat at the or-
gan, her fingers straying at random
over the keys. Suddenly, with-
out her knowing it, from under her
hands came the first notes of that
song of triumphant love which Muz-
zio had once played; and at the same
instant, for the first time since her
marriage, she felt within her the
throb of a new palpitating life. . . .
Valeria started, stopped. . . .

  What did it mean ? Could it be-

At this tvord the 'manuscript ended.
 THE sales of Weird Tales continue to climb, and an increasing number
 of readers is attracted each month to this magazine of bizarre and un-
 usual stories. We are eager to see the sales climb still higher, for we
 take pride in the magazine, and the more extensive the circulation is, the better
 the magazine will become. We? want the help of you, the readers, in making
 the magazine better and better. You can give this help by continued and
 constructive criticism. Just what would you suggest, readers, to make the
 magazine still better? Write to The Eyrie and let us know in what way you
 would like your magazine improved, and your letters will receive very care-
 ful study. We think we have in Weird Tales a top-notch magazine, and the
 flood of letters from you, the readers, as well as the rapid growth of the
 magazine, strengthens this belief; but we realize there are numberless'ways
 in which the magazine can be made still better, and we welcome suggestions
 from you; for this is your magazine.

     The discussion keeps up as to whether we should continue to print one
 weird tale of the past each month in our “Weird Story Reprint” section, and
 this month, for the first time, those who are opposed to the reprints have made
 a good showing, though they are still greatly in the minority.

     “Your'reprints are old and stale, dry and very uninteresting,” writes
 Ralph C. Hartman, of Portsmouth, Virginia, “and you are ruining your
 magazine with serials. Cut out the reprints and serials.”

     Writes F. 0. Rogers, of Washington, D. C.: “Allow me to congratulate
 you upon your choice of reprint in the story Lazarus. It is the best story pub-
 lished in Weird Tales for the past two years.”

     George Montague, of Trenton, New Jersey, writes to The Eyrie: “Your
 reprints I do not care so much about, but your other stories are ’way above
 par. I have just finished reading the first installment of Explorers Into Infin-
 ity. It is a wonderfully gripping tale, well told. For years your magazine
 has been my chief reading matter. Of course my brother claims he ‘discov-
 ered’ it, but I know I did.”

      As to the reprints, J. K. Sears, of Galveston, Texas, writes: ‘ ‘ Truly there
 is no accounting for individual letters. All this talk about cutting out Poe’s
 stories and the reprint department ‘for the sake of a long-suffering pub-
 lic’ is unworthy of intelligent human beings. Weird Tales is a won-
 derful fount of pleasure to all of us who enjoy weird fiction; don’t spoil the
 reputation you have gained. Keep it weird, by all means. ’ ’

     Lorena Loekhard, of Los Angeles, writes to The Eyrie: “For over two

                                                                                  857
858

WEIRD TALES

years I have read your delightful magazine, and I can truthfully say that I
have never read its equal. I was disappointed, though, when I read in The
Eyrie in the April number that you are going to continue the monthly re-
print story. I have just laid the magazine up in despair, for, having read all
the rest of your horrible, shivery and delightful stories, I attacked the re-
print. Honestly, I couldn’t finish it. I don’t believe there has ever been one
reprint which I started that I could finish. You have a magazine that would
be ideal but for one thing, and that thing is the reprints.”

    "A few months ago,” writes Miss Amy Beck, of Chisholm, Minnesota,
"I picked up a copy of Weird Tales, and when I laid it down I had read
every story, every poem, and every word in The Eyrie. So far I’ve not missed
a copy. When the magazine comes I look for the reprint first; I think that a
very good department in your magazine.”

    Philip II. Buscher, of Washington, D. C., writes to The Eyrie: "I have
never written to this department before, but saw the suggestion made in The
Eyrie by a gentleman in St. Louis, and I agree with him that you should stop
the reprint stories. Use the space for your readers’ own weird experiences in
reality and dreams. "

    “By all means continue the ‘reprint’ stories,” writes Lion Penhall Rees,
of Toronto, Canada. “They serve as a foil fflr our newer, and very often
better, authors of the present day. ’ ’

    “Your last three issues have been very fine,” writes Robert E. Howard,
from Cross Plains, Texas. “Certainly no magazine has ever offered a tale as
unique and thought-inspiring as the serial by Mr. Cummings.”

    Writes John B. Woodhouse from on board the Hamburg-American steam-
er Deutschland: “I am on shipboard and have just finished my tenth Weird
Tales. The magazine has helped me to pass away many happy hours that
otherwise would have- been boresome. Why not publish a list of all the
stories in W. T. for the last twelve issues, and have the readers vote on the
best five? Someone asked in The Eyrie a few months ago that you select the
best stories from W. T. and publish them in book form. Well, why not?
Such stories as The Woman of the Wood, The Night Wire, The Atomic Con-
querors, The White Ship and The Last Horror are worthy of book form and
a wide circulation.”

    “Please print some more insect stories like The City of Spiders,” writes
Roland Fernekes, of Oakmont, Pennsylvania. “I am a new reader of your
magazine, but I never regret the day I bought the first one.. I like especially
the scientific stories, such as The Star Shell and Drome.”

    “Please give us more space-stories,” writes James T. Ballew, of Newport
News, Virginia, and adds: “They always make a hit. I have been a silent
admirer of W. T. for a long time, and feel that I should let you hear from
me relative to the stories I like best. I read each and every one, every month,
but some I like better than others, which is very natural. I think The Star
Shell was excellent, and I hope that Explorers Into Infinity turns out to be
as good; it is very promising. Drome is also a wonderful piece of fiction, and
I hope we have more such stories. ’ ’

   Writes Mrs. Marion M. Le Paire, of Detroit, Michigan: “Although
usually I am not addicted to this type of fiction, a copy of Weird Tales—one
of the first—was brought to me by my husband. I was immediately attracted
by the diversity, originality and correctness of detail I found therein. Since
then, each month finds me eagerly awaiting the appearance of. Weird Tales.
You have in it something unique, and while I could readily absorb a semi-
THE EYRIE

859

monthly additional issue, I believe the flavor and spice might be dimmed by
too frequent publication.”

    Donald G. Ward, of Auburn, New York, writes to The Eyrie: “I ran
across your magazine four months ago and bought the issue containing the
first installment of Drome. This story is magnificent,, something different
from most stories. I buy Weird Tales for the weird-scientific stories. They
far outclass all others, save Seabury Quinn’s. Your best authors are Edmond
Hamilton, Eli Colter and Quinn. Cummings is splendid, too, judging him
by the first installment of the new serial, Explorers Into Infinity.”

    “The April number is splendid,” -writes Mrs. Roy Blaire, of Samoa,
California. “May we have more tales relating to the supernatural, such as
The Return and Out of the Earth in this issue. The latter, I think, is quite
the best story in this number. I’d like more stories of werewolves and ele-
mentals, especially the latter. The interplanetary stories are interesting, but
getting a bit, stale, as everyone seems to be having a try at them. I like the
stories of evolution, too.”

    “Poe would be in his element reading Weird Tales, I am sure,” writes
Helen Marchand, of West Haven, Connecticut. “I like the weird-scientific
tales best; and I like particularly the stories having to do with that queer,
funny little French doctor, Jules de Grandin.”

    “Drome is one of the most interesting stories I have ever read,” writes
Eugene Cameron, of Tulsa, Oklahoma. “It is of scientific value and told in
a way that isn’t boring. Explorers Into Infinity, I am sure, is going to prove
every bit as interesting as Drome. ’ ’

    “Boy, do I like Quinn’s stories!” writes William E. Venable, of Annis-
ton, Alabama. “I’m just crazy about the French scientist, Jules de Grandin,
.and his little expression, ‘I say to me’.”

    Readers, your favorite story in the April Weird Tales, as shown by your
votes, is the first installment of Explorers Into Infinity, by Ray Cummings.
What is your favorite story in this issue ?

   MY FAVORITE STORIES IN THE JUNE WEIRD TALES ARE:

    Story	Remarks

(1)-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(2)------------------------------------------------------------------------------—

(3)-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I do not like the following stories:

(1)----------------------------

(2)----------------------------

It will help us to know what kind of
stories you want in Weird Tales if you
■will fill out this coupon and mail it to
■The Eyrie, Weird Tales, 450 E. Ohio St.,
Chicago, 111.

Why?

I---- ----------- -

1	Reader’s name and address:
860

WEIRD TALES

Sex Secrets/

                  Amazing new book, “Sato Counsel,

                     dost out, tolla »ou the things you want to ^
                     know straight from the shoulder. Gives ad-
                     vice to newly married. Explains anatomy of
                     reproductive organs, impotence, laws of Sex-
                     Life, mistakes to avoid, diseases, pregnancy,
                     etc. Contains 9 startling sections: 1-Sclence
                     of Eugenics. 2-Love, 3—Marriage, 4—Child-
                     birth. 6—Family Life. G-Sexual Science. 7-
                     Diseuses and Disorders, 8—H e a 11 b and
                     Hygiene. 9-Storr of Life. In all. 104 chap.
                     ters, 77 Illustrations. 612 pages. Examine
                     at oar risk. Mailed In a DlalS

       Send No Money

              Writ* fnr vnnr »nnn	___j _

 I" jraANKUN ASSOCIATION
 Dept. 68111. m ho. LaSalle St.. Chicago, .ti.

 Learn

 To J

IHypnotize®

LI

-----------era----------------------------- —

  self and others. Simple easy system. Learn-at home. Equals $2(
  course; only $1. Send stamps, cash or money order. Guaranteed.

 Educator Press, 19 Park Row, New York, Dept. 19

SEX EXPLAINED!

 Learn tho truth, “THE SCIENCE OF A NEW LIFE ”
 Dr. Cowan's hook tells in plain language what you should
 know. EXPLAINS: Love, when, why, whom to marry,
 happy marriage, childbirth, mistakes to avoid, sex diseases,
 birth control, etc. .‘{10 pages. Illustrated. Clothbound.
 (FOUR INSTRUCTIVE SEX BOOKS FREE with each or-
 der). All five books mailed in plain wrapper postpaid for
 $2,50, (C. O. D. $2.69.)

 Div. 210

GLOBE PUBLISHING CO.

nNAI
SALE

 KINO OF REVOLVERS s

Has all Improvements of
latest gunav $36 value, left

Syracuse, N. Y.

 CUT TO
 59

wheeler, safety hand ejector,
guaranteed never out of order.

 6-shot, 82-20 or 88 cal. Send No
 Money. Pay Expressman $9.59 plus ex-
 press charges. Federal Mail Order Corp., „
 561 Broadway. New York	Dept. E 1

I I If* If C Money, Happi-
LUwVm "P ness, Successl
■■w w m -all symbolized in
this rich, new “LUCKY MAG-
NET’'ring. Attracts, comp els,mys-
tides I Be RICH ! <Vin „t game.,
business, love. Order Yours Now I

 Send NO Money

 arrival. Postage paid. Guaranteed.

 Bradley, J-l 6. Newton, MASS.

OLD MONEY WANTED

                            $2 to $600 EACH
 paid for hun-
 dreds of Old or Odd Coins. Keep All Old Mon-
 ey, it may be very valuable. Send 10 cents for
 New Illustrated Coin Value Book, 4x6. Guaran-
 teed Prices. Get Posted. We pay cash.
 CLARKE COIN CO., W. T. Dept., LeR»y, N. T.

MAGIC!

 |Dice, $5.00; Cards, $1.25; Inks, $1.50;
 [Magic Fluid for Transparents, $3.00;
 Slick Ace Cards, $1.25; Factory
 Readers, $1.00. Sales Boards, etc. Catalog 10c.
 CENTRAL NOVELTY COMPANY,

112 N. Lu Salle Street, Chicago, 111.

Liass

 ■■■brew, moonshine, oohii
 Isodnum. Costs 92.00 If curJH
 STANDARD lABQRATo]

JRjUmSMff

  Full treatment lent on trial Cu ba
  ■jf Jn PflTlcr of horn*. Guaranteed
  Mire (orwfciikey, Bin, wine, home
  Imorphhl^ heroin, paregoric and
  J1, il bou. S|Te him from Poison.
  II. BALTIMOKE. MO.

  The Dark
     Chrysalis

(Continued from page 766)

 least. I think yon will always be. No,
 I am sure of it. Let it go at that. ’ ’
 She bowed her head in assent and
 understanding, glanced once at Cloud
 and Arn, and walked out of the
 laboratory. Cloud walked over to the
 microscope. He glanced into it, then
 stopped short with a sharp intake of
 breath. Saul looked him straight in
 the eyes and Arn glanced from one to
 the other in puzzlement at the look
 that passed between them. Saul
 cauglit his expression of inquiry and
 silently motioned him toward the in-
 strument.

  Cloud stepped aside and Arn
looked through the lens. He caught
his breath as Cloud had done. The
particle of flesh was swarming with
the devil-fish microbes.

   For a space grim silence held be-
 tween the three men. Then Saul’s
 voice came, hoarse with emotion. ‘ ‘ To
 save her, I’ve got to save the world!
 She hasn’t been well for a long time,
 I’ve seen. She’s sick with fear. I’ve
 seen that, too. My God, we can’t
 stand here staring at each other!
 Let’s get to work!”

 Grisly days of horror, of alternate
   hope and despair, and the thrill
   of scientific achievement are de-
   scribed in next month's install-
   ment of this story.

TOBACCO&?dnqrfKioPb.x

  Any form, cigars, cigarette*,j>ip*, chewing or Muff: Full treatment sent
  on trial. Harmless. Costs $1.50 if it cores, nothing if it fails. Used byove*
  500,000 Men and Women. Superbo Cow NT-17 Baltimore, Md

 LEARN THE SECRET OF MAKING MONEY.

 Get away from wage slavery. Our book,
 "Money Making Secrets Exposed,’* shows the
 way to prosperity. Just the book for ambitious
 hustlers who want to take the easier road to
 make a comfortable living. Regular price $2.00
 —our special price $1.00 prepaid. John Me-
 Quade, Desk w. t., 129 North Port St., Balti*
 more, Maryland.
WEIRD TALES

861

A Suitor From the
Shades

(Continued from page 746)

me in spite of all your calling." He
laughed shortly. "I want to save all
my strength, however, to appear to
Margie, my false, lovely Margie," he
added insinuatingly.

  "This is really too much,” ex-
claimed Ned, trying in vain to ex-
tricate his hand from the iron hold
of the psychic. "I intend to see if
that fellow is solid enough to feel
the weight of my fist. Let me go,
please! ’’

  The Scotchwoman’s strong hand
maintained its immovable grip, and
she turned to shake her head warn-
ingly at him. Then she spoke again
to the intruder.

  "You have been taking the psy-
chic energy from this poor little lame
girl, so that you could appear ma-
terially. For shame, Clifford Bentley!
No matter what your motive, do you
consider that a manly thing to do?
What has Clare ever done to you,
that you should subject her to such
treatment? Look at the poor child
now, helpless, her disturbed spirit
torn with agony as she sees you
clothed in the psychic vitality you
have stolen from her in order to de-
stroy her sister’s happiness! Does
not that stir your heart with remorse
and pity?"

  “It is entirely up to Margaret,” re-
plied the materialized Clifford. “I
loved Margie. She promised to be
my wife. She let me put my ring
on her finger. She is morally bound
to me. Now she is betraying me, for
that other — that weak fellow whose
silly brain I can sway as I choose,”
scornfully.

  “That is a lie!”

  This time Ned would have torn his
hand from Mrs. Campbell’s had she
not cried hastily, “Mr. Wentworth,
beware of what you are doing! If

LUCK

SXHu	All around you there.is abundant

■'	Success, Wealth and Happiness.

Get Your Share. The “LUCKY
SEVEN” Secret Rules are free to
all who wear this Rare and beauti-
ful Talisman Ring. On each side
of this Odd and Charming Ring ia
( moulded the figure of Fortuna —
The "Goddess of Luck”symbolic
of Success Triumphant. Ancient
belief, that her emblem brings suc-
cess to wearer in Love, Games
Business, Health and everything.
Genuine 14-K Antique Gold B.
Ring mounted with 32 facet, one
carat Radio-Flash Mexican Dia-
mond type gem. Wonderful re-
producion of a $500 Genuine Diamond in brilliancy^
Cut and Flashing Rainbow Fire. Guaranteed 20 years.
Send strip of paper to show finger size and we will
send this wonderful ring. On arrival pay the post-
man only $3.68, plus postage. Nothing more to pay.
Yours to keep, wear and enjoy forever. Wear 7 days
and 7 nights—follow the 7 rules that we send you.” II
not satisfied your money quickly returned. Address
Radio-flash Gem Importing Co., St. Paul, Minn. Dept. 37-Ut.

HEALING THE UNSEEN WAV

The Mighty Unseen Powers are Yours
Even as You Will

Let them heal, comfort and prosper you
Do It Nowl

Give symptoms or desires. Name, address and
Free Will Offering for Demonstration and
Instruction and Be Convinced.

Aquarian Circle,	Elkhart, Indiana

PIMPLES

cleared up—often in 24 hours. To prove
you can be rid of pimples, blackheads, acne
eruptions on the face or body, barbers’ itch,
eczema, enlarged pores, oily or shiny skin,

simply send me your name and address today — no cost —
no obligation. CLEAR-TONE tried and tested in over 100,000
cases—used like toilet watei—is simplj magical in prompt
results. Ton can repay the favor by telling yonr friends; if not
the loss is mine. WRITE TODAY.

E.S. GIVENS, 466 Chemical BIdg., Kansas City, Mo.

ONLY
$1 .97

Banjo like

Become popular. Play
the latest song hits.
Wonderful pro fea-
s 1 o n al instrument.
You can have this one with maple
finish and good quality strings for
only $1.07. Regular $6.00 retail value.
Complete instructions free showing you
how to play in 5 minutes. Order now and

_ pay postman $1.97 plus postage.

WINEHOLT STUDIOS, Box 30, WOODBINE, PENNA.

6-Shot Finest
Long Range Revolves

 Sells elsewhere at $12.00.

 Quick as flash; safe, 4 or
 6 in. barrel, blue or nickel, 32,

 38—or 22 caliber. Powerful, ac-
 curate, hard hitting Send No
 Money. Pay Expressman $0.25
 plus express charges. FEDERAL MAIL ORDER
 CORP., 601 Broodway, Now York., Dopi. X-110__

I WANT SONG POEMS. CASPER NATHAN.

E-3544 North Racine. Chicago.
802

WEIRD TALES

you so much as injure a hair of his
head, the harm done him will re-
bound—it will result in serious suffer-
ing to this little lame girl, entranced
in our circle.”

  “It seems I find friends wherever
I go, ’ ’ observed Clifford Bentley, with
a mocking intonation that infuriated
Wentworth. “Even Margie,” he
went on with pointed and deliberate
malice, “lay in my arms last night,
and returned mv warm kisses with
her own! She can not deny it, can
you, Margie?”

  Ned, his tanned skin pallid with
unutterable horror and loathing,
turned wide eyes upon the face of the
girl whose hand he held; her lids
dropped before his accusing gaze.

  “Margie!” he groaned. “It isn’t
true, dear?”

  “It might be well, Mr. Wentworth,
to refrain from questions and accusa-
tions for the time being,” observed
.Mrs. Campbell dryly. “You should
be ashamed to think evil of the
woman you love. Mr. Clifford Bentley,
you have been telling a lie that is
half truth, and that is the basest of
lies. I must ask you now to tell the
exact truth, or I shall waken Clare—
you know I can do it — and after
you have returned to your etheric
form I shall take certain steps that
will result in your being bound down
for many years as you may not care
to be bound. Oh, you may smile!—
I assure you I can do this, much as I
dislike it, and much as it may cost
me. Are you going to speak?”
Somewhat sulkily, the unwelcome
Clifford turned from her. “Oh, I
suppose I must not refuse a lady’s
request, especially since it is put so
persuasively,” and he smiled sourly.
“Very well, then — I lied about
Margie. / kissed her. To be sure,
she kissed me, too — but she didn’t
know it was I. But what does it
matter, my dear lady?” he went on
to Mrs. Campbell sarcastically. “If
Margie won’t remain true to her

STATEMENT OF THE OWNERSHIP, MAN*

AGEMENT. CIRCULATION, ETC., RE-
QUIRED BY THE ACT OF CONGRESS
OF AUGUST 24, 1918,

Of Weird Tales, published monthly at Indianap-
olis, Indiana, for April 1, 1927.

State of Illinois 1
County of Cook I

  Before me, a notary public in and for the State
and county aforesaid, personally appeared Wm.
R. Sprenger, who, having been duly sworn accord-
ing to law, deposes and says that he is the Busi-
ness Manager of the Weird Tales and that the
following is, to the best of his knowledge and
belief, a true statement of the ownership, man-
agement (and if a daily paper, the circulation),
etc., of the aforesaid publication for the date
shown in the above caption required by the Act
of August 24, 1912, embodied in section 443, Postal
Laws and Regulations, printed on the reverse of
this form, to wit:

  1.	That the names and addresses of the pub-
lisher, editor, managing editor, and business
managers are:

  Publisher—Popular Fiction Publishing Company,
2457 E. Washington St., Indianapolis, Ind.

  Editor—Farnsworth Wright, 450 E. Ohio St.,
Chicago, 111.

  Managing Editor-—None.

  Business Manager—William R. Sprenger. 450
E. Ohio St.. Chicago, 111.

  2.	That the owner is: (If owned by a corpora-
tion, its name and address must be stated and
also immediately thereunder the names and ad-
dresses of stockholders owning or holding one
per cent or more of total amount of stock. If
not owned by a corporation, the names and
addresses of the individual owners must be
given. If owned by a firm, company, or other
unincorporated concern, its name and address,
as well as those of each individual member
must be given.)

  Popular Fiction Publishing Company, 2457 E.
Washington St., Indianapolis, Ind.

  Wm. R. Sprenger, 450 E. Ohio St., Chicago,
Illinois.

  Farnsworth Wright, 450 E. Ohio St., Chicago,
Illinois.

 George M. Cornelius, 2457 E. Washington
St., Indianapolis, Indiana.

  George H. Cornelius, 2457 E. Washington St.,
Indianapolis, Indiana.

  P. Cornelius, 2457 E. Washington St., Indian-
apolis, Indiana.

  3.	That the known bondholders, mortgagees,
and other security holders owning or holding 1
per cent or more of total amount of bonds, mort-
gages, or other securities are: (If there are none,
so state). None.

  4.	That the two paragraphs next above, giving
the names of the owners, stockholders, and secu-
rity holders, if any, contain not only the list
of stockholders and security holders as they ap-
pear upon the books of the company, but also,
in cases where the stockholder or security holder
appears upon the books of the company as trustee
or in any other fiduciary relation, the name of
the person or corporation for whom such trustee
is acting, is given; also that the said two para-
graphs contain statements embracing affiant’s full
knowledge and belief as to the circumstances and
conditions under which stockholders and security
holders who do not appear upon the books of the
company as trustees, hold stock and securities in
a capacity other than that of a bona fide owner:
and this affiant has no reason to believe that any
other person, association, or corporation has any
interest, direct or indirect, in the said stock,
bonds, or other securities than as so stated by him.

  5.	That the average number of copies of each
issue of this publication sold or distributed,
through the mails or otherwise, to paid subscrib-
ers during the six months preceding the date
shown above is_______ (This information is re-
quired from daily publications only.)

                  WM. R. SPRENGER,
                  Business Manager.

  Sworn to and subscribed before me this 30th
day of March, 1927. JAMES H. COREY,

 [SEAL]	Notary Public.

  My commission expires July 12, 1927.
WEIRD TALES

863

promise of her own free will, I shall
have to see to it that she keeps her
word and remains unwed. As long
as Clare lives, I shall be able to get
what I need to make myself not only
visible, but tangible. Perhaps Margie
won’t like the idea of that," he fin-
ished, turning his terrible, burning
eyes upon Margaret.

  "As long as Clare lives?" said
the seeress, very slowly and gravely.
"And—when she shall have passed

over-V

  "When she joins me here, I shall
have a companion whom I can love.
When I can not come back any more,
I shall remain with her. She has a
tender heart; she would be kind to
me. I have been so lonesome here—
no one knows how lonesome!"

  Another voice fell clearly upon the
ears of those present. All recognized
it as Clare’s, although it sounded far
away. The words issued slowly but
distinctly from the entranced girl’s
lips.

 "Margie—Dad—Ned—I can see
you and hear you, although I am
not in my poor sick body. All is
well with me. Don’t forget that.
All is well with me here. I am very
happy. Here all is life and light. I
am not lame here. I can run as
Margie runs in our garden. Don’t
call me back! I am so happy here!
I can be near you all when I please
—and I feel no pain — only such a
happiness as I never felt before. You
won’t call me back to limp on my
crutches again, will you, dear ones?"

  Clifford Bentley began wringing his
hands with a kind of tense anguish
that was terrible to behold. Now his
voice rang out clearly.

  "Oh, I have done wrong. I see it
now. Poor little Clare! It is my
fault that you will not return. I
have made your earth life wretched,
poor child. Forgive me, little Clare.
I promise never to trouble Margie
again, for your sake!”

  "Poor Clifford!” How heavenly

BUST DEVELOPED

My Big Three Part Treatment is the
ONLY ONE that gives FULL
DEVELOPMENT without bathing,
exercises, pumps or other danger-
oua absurdities. I send you a
GUARANTEED TWO DOLLAR

i4-day rnrr
TREATMENT f IUj£

H you sand a DIME toward expenses.
(A Large Aluminum Box of my Won-
der Cream included.) Plain wrapper.

!IS IT WORTH 10c TO YOU?
If not. your dime back by first mail.
Address NOW, with ten cent3 only
Madame C. I. Williams, Buffalo, N. Y.

AGENTS IF YOU WANT TO GIVE YOUR

customers the best house dress values in the
country and make real money. Write B & G
Mfg. Co., Dept 194, Pittsburgh, Pa.

 A Baby In Your Horn®

         many married couplos yeam for children
   that thousands of copies of a new book by D?.
   ET. Will Elders are being distributed without
   coat to childless women. Any family interested
   In overcoming conditions of nature that hinder
   the gift of children should write for this free
   book today. It describes a simple home treat-
   ment. based on the use of Steriltone, a wonder-
   ful scientific tonlo that has had marvelous suo-
   oess all over the country in relieving constitu-
   tional weakness.

     Every woman who wants to live a normal,
   bappy home life with little ones around her
   should consider it her first duty to know what
   Steriltone Is and why It should be so wonderful
   an aid to her. Read this little book which la
   sent without charge or obligation In a plain
   envelope. It unfolds facts that most women
   never have had explained to them. Send NO
   Money, NO Obligations. Simply name and'ad-
   dress to Dr. H. Will Elders* 2034 Ballinger
   bldg.. St Joseph, Mo.

BIG 25c BARGAIN

4 Comic Cards; 5 Snappy Son? Parodies; 1 roll
Stapo Money; 1 Surprise Package; 1 imported
Pocket-novolty; I Pkg. Japan Wator Flowers.
1 budget containing 13 funny Love Lottere: 15
Tricks with cards; 70 Toasts; 1 New Oyrsy
Fortune Tellor; 14 Flirtation Sipnals; 58 Magic
Feats; 52 money-making Secrets; 4 rare Poems;
100 Red-Hot Jokes.

All the above and our big catalog by mail for
only25c. Just say "‘Send Big Bargain.”

HOWARD SALES CO.,

Dosk B, 1188-Folsom St.	San Francisco, Cal.
864

WEIRD TALES

‘GOOD

LUCK!’

  RABBIT FOOT, pro-
  verbial bringer of
  good lnok in money,
  Iov«, business. Also
  gold-filled "WiK;i Bone
  and “lucky Horse
  Shoe.”

SEND NO

MONEY

Pay postman
sale price.

«3

.87

and l&c postage on
arrival. Money back
guaranteed.

BRADLEY

Dept. 101
NEWTON. MA88.

What Do You Want?

 Whatever it is we can help you get it. Just
 give us the chance by writing for

11

Clouds Dispelled*9

Absolutelv Free. You will be delighted. Aet
today! Write NOW!!

 THE BROTHERHOOD OF LIGHT

Dept. O, Box 1525,	tos Angeles, Calif.

 sweet were the tones of Clare’s far-
 away voice! “You were lonely. Now
 I understand. And I can not blame
 you, poor lonely Clifford. After all,
 you must not reproach yourself — I
 shall be happier here — I can be
 with my dear ones as I choose — and
 I shall suffer no more with a weak
 heart and useless feet.”

   The figure of the entranced girl
 sank lower in the chair. The psy-
 chic cried out suddenly as she felt
 that cold hand pulling on her own
 warm one.

   “Turn on the lights!” she com-
 manded, her voice agitated and
 alarmed. “Oh, why did I consent to
 this! I know what Douglas will say
 to me, now.”

  Margaret, almost holding her
breath, heard a soft whisper in her
ear. “Good-bye, my Margie. I shall
always be near you. God bless you,
dear.”

   Ned, still holding his sweetheart’s
 hand tightly in his own, felt a soft
 cheek brush his, and he trembled on
 the verge of tears. Something told
 him it was Clare’s farewell to him.

 r\R. sloane fumbled for the elec-
 ■*-^trie switch. As he put out his hand
 to turn it on, the figure of Clifford
 Bentley dissolved into thin nothing-
 ness before the eyes of the dazed
 members of the circle.

   The door opened softly.

   Father Rooney, his old face pale
 and drawn, tiptoed into the room.
 Without a word he went to Clare’s
 side, passing the Scotchwoman, who
 stood looking sadly down upon the
 lame girl’s slight figure. Upon the
 white brow he made the sign of a
 cross reverently. Then he faced the
 others, a sob rising chokingly in his
 throat as he spoke, his eyes meeting
 those of the doctor pityingly.

   “Her spirit passed me as I waited
 without. Our little Clare is with the
 angels.”

in 20 week*. tlio system of Jimmy DeForest,World's
Greatest Tralner and Maker of Champion*. tcaches
you all there is to learn about boxing and physical
training. Every 6 months 30 are selected trom all
classes and recommended to leading promoters for
engagements. Send for l'amoua book, “The Golden
Ace ol Boxing,” full of valuable information, photos
of great boxers and pupils who became successes
over night. Enclose 10c to cover costof mailing, etc.

Jimmy DeForesft Boxing Course,

347 Madison Ave., Bex 4518, New York City

MIDGET NAME CARDS

Trade Mnrk Re*, tl. 8. Pat. Off.

THE LATEST NOVELTY	SOc. Per Book

            E-jch book contains 50 perfect little name cards, size
            1 sx /*, in genuine leather case. Choice of black.

                      un, green or red. A perfect name card,
                      fiamein Old English type. Price complete
                      50c. name only. Send stamps, coin or
                      money order. Satifaction guaranteed or
                      money refunded. Aetnlt IVanttd.

MIDGET CARD SHOP, INC.

8Q S. Market Sq.__Hsrrusurg, Pa.

B. L UCK

                          £ Money. Success, Love, Happi-
                          “ k 8l\l ymbt''Ze*i in *a*S

                            p tracts, compels, mystifies. Be
                            ? rich. Win at Kames, love, etc.
                            b Send No Money. Fay postman S2.39
                            S and postage on delivery. Money
                            back guaranteed.

 WINEHOLT CO., BOX MR23, WOODBINE, PEMNA.
^Pokes'tojftn

       (1925 copyright)

    Ttiis book has been out but
 slightly orer one year, but it
 is already, and deservedly, th»
 most outstanding work on the
 game of draw and stud poker
 on the market.

   Not only does it explain
 how the game should be
 played from the viewpoint of the successful honest pro-
 fessional, but it is the most complete expose of the
 erooKed poker sharp ever published. Every one of his
 practical sleights, tricks, and subterfuges explained in
 such minute detail that you will understand his methods
 as well as he does. PROTECT YOURSELFI QUIT BE-
 ING A CHUMP!

   Accompanying this book are eight of the so-called
 “Factory Marked" Bee and Bicycle playing cards, all
 different. KNOW WHAT TO LOOK FOR.

   Do the honest gamblers look upon you as a "sucker”?
 LEARN THE GAME, if you are going to play it.

   Shipped in PLAIN PACKAGE, postage prepaid for
 $3.50, when cash accompanies the order, or shipped
 C., 0. D., postage and collection charges prepaid, for
 $3.?>2.

    SOUTHWESTERN PUBLISHING CO.,

EL PASO. TEXAS.

 6000RICH. 1
 GOODYEAR, 1
 FISK, ETC.

  Best used tires II
  treated with U
  our secretj>ro- I
  cess — giving l|

 THOUSANDS
 UNUSUAL

51	Above Prrcea Ptua Potog*

GUARANTEE: Any tire failing:	or Exvreaa

to give satisfaction replaced at one-half purchase price.
Send $1.00deposit on each tire. Right reserved to sub-
stitute. If you send full amount, deduct 5%.
CHICAGO TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY

3100 So. Michigan Ave. Dept. 312 Chicaioi

HOW MUCH

Is It €%

Worth •

 you and your friends
 have paid $10 or $20
 or perhaps much more
 for watches not so accu-
 rate and good looking.
 w w The price Is not $20. nor
 even $10—but—read the
 description:

       OLID gold effect case guaranteed 25 years. Bichly
 engraved. Railroad model with famous Leanard
 Regulator. Adjusted for absolute accuracy. Backed by
 million dollar factory.

 CKTNn Nfl MONTY Pay postman Sale price $3.87
 OLIIU nu munci and postage on arrival. Knife
 and Waldemar chain FREE If you order NOW1 (A
 post card will do.)

BRADLEY, AK-3. NEWTON. MASS.

FIRE TRICK CARTOONIST

RUTS COMPLETE COURSE, incladin? 40 Clere* Cartoon
■stunts; "How to Give a Performance:” “How to
Originate Ideas." Samples free.

MODERN CARTOON SERVICE,

Dept. D., 290 Bergen St. Brooklyn, N. Y.

$,

Next Month

The Return
of the Master

By H. WARNER MUNN

'T'he Werewolf of Ponkert comes
from the pit of Hell to thwart
the sinister Master who had
wrought his downfall. One of the
most startling and gripping scenes
in occult literature is the return
of all the Master’s victims through-
out the ages—Roman gladiators,
ancient Persian warriors, British
redcoats—all bent on accomplish-
ing the doom of that terrible being
who had so strangely warped their
lives—that dark Master who had
lived on through the centuries,
since before the dawn of Christian-
ity.

A powerful present-day story of
werewolves, of the terror that
walks in darkness, of corpses that
live again, of strange and shuddery
dooms, written by the author of
"The City of Spiders” and "The
Werewolf of Ponkert." This fas-
cinating novelette will be printed
complete in the

July Issue of

WEIRD TALES

On Sale June 1

Clip and Mail this Coupon Today!

WHIR'D TAI15S
450 Bast Ohio St..

Chicago, 111.

Enclosed find $1 for special five months
subscription to “Weird Tales" to begin with
the July issue. (Special offer void unless
remittance is accompanied by coupon.)

Name______________________________

Address_________________________

City_________________State______
LOVERS

 of Mystery Fiction

 Will Have to Hurry if They Want
 to Take Advantage of This Amaz-
 ing Offer

  Here They Are

    Crimson Poppies—Dr. Howes
    evolves a fiendish plot to in-
    herit the wealth of a lunatic
    millionaire.

    Buff—A cub reporter and a
    death mystery—a ptory that
    works up to a crashing climax.
    The Triangle of Terror—A

     Gooseflesh story that will send
     the cold shivers up your spine.

    The Valley of Missing: Men—
    Read how Parkinson discov-
    ered this baffling mystery—a
    story pulsating with hair-
    raising incidents.

   The Sign of the Toad—An
   eery detective story, full of
   exciting situations and mys-
   terious deaths.

    The Mystery at Eagle Lodge—
    Soul-gripping, fascinating,
    tense, full of action—You will
    move in the land of make-be-
    lieve with a touch of the un-
    real.

    The Web—This tale threads
    the sinister net that was torn
    asunder by the murder of
    James Blake.

    The Glass Eye—The convict
    worked out a clever and dia-
    bolical scheme, but a dead
    man’s eye betrayed him.

    Ten Dangerous Hours—Bris-
    tling with excitement and full
    of surprizes—a remarkable
    story with thrills galore.

 10	Disappearing Bullets—Cram-
    med with blood-curdling ac-
    tion and strange happenings
    in the underworld—master-
    mind crooks and criminals.

 11	The Green-Eyed Monster—A
    thrilling book, replete with
    startling climaxes and bris-
    tling with action.

 12	Derring-Do—A vivid tale of
    Chinamen, opium traffic, the
    secret service, and desperate
    fighting.

12

MYSTERY

ADVENTURE

DETECTIVE

BOOKS

1

.00

 for All

 JUST think, you can get this whole library of 12 clean and
 wholesome books for about 8 l/3c each. Every one of these
 splendid biooks has a striking cover in colors on enamel stock,
 and the inside is printed on good white paper. You are cheat-
 ing yourself if you miss these masterpieces of startling, scalp-
 prickling thrills. These novels, ranging from 15,000 to 25,000
 words in length, are powerfully written and will hold you spell-
 bound—make you breathe fast with a new mental sensation.
 They are not the usual run of stories, but are off the beaten path
 *—uncommon tales that will cling to your memory for many a
 day.

SUPPLY NEAR EXHAUSTION

    This offer may be withdrawn at any time. Treat yourself to
 some real entertainment while you still have the chance. Send
 for these books today. Do it now! Just pin a dollar bill to the
 coupon.

POPULAR FICTION PUBLISHING COMPANY
Dept. 28, 312 Dunham BIdg., Chicago, III.

 MAIL

 THIS

 TODAY

POPULAR FICTION PUB. CO., Dept. 28,
312 Dunham Bldg., Chicago, 111.

 I enclose $1. Send at once, postage pre-
 paid, the 12 volumes listed in this adver-
 tisement. It is understood this $1 is pay-
 ment in full.

Name-

 Address-
 City__

 -State.