ason ason, \on o J.U.Giesij	au': Sequel to	I “The	• • Mouthpiece	If, of Zitu”	El APRIL 16 PER copyMissing Page: Inside Front Cover If you own this magazine, and would like to contribute, please email us the image (in JPEG format at 300 dpi) to: info@pulpmags. orgARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION. Not a cent in advance. No deposit of any kind. No obligation to buy. The coupon is all you need send. The Oliver conies to you at our risk for five days free trial in your own home. Decide for yourself whether you want to buy or not. If you don’t want to keep the Oliver, simply send it back at our expense. If you do agree that it is the finest typewriter, regardless of price, and want to keep it, take over a year to pay at the easy rate of only $4 a month. Buy Direct During the war we learned many les- sons. We found that it was unnecessary to have such a vast number of traveling Ealesmen and so many expensive branch houses. W’e were able to discontinue many other superfluous sales methods. As a result, $64 now buys the identical Oliver formerly priced at $100. Our Latest and Best Model This is the finest and costliest Oliver wo have ever built. It has all the latest im- provements. It has a standard keyboard so that anyone may turn to it with ease. Try this Oliver live days free and prove its merit to yourself. Avoid disappoint- ment—order now to secure immediate delivery. rc I Among the 900,000 Oliver purchasers such distinguished coi. cerns as: Columbia. Graph phone Co., Nation City Bank of N. Y., Boston Elevated Rail- way, Hart, Schaffner & Marx, U. S. Steel Corporation, New York Edison Co., American Bridge Co., Diamond Match Co., and others of great rank. Send No Money No money is required with the coupon. This is a real free trial offer. All at our expense and risk. If you don’t want to keep the typewriter just send it back, express collect. We even refund the outgoing trans- portation charges, so you can’t lose a penny. Mail the Coupon Note the two-way coupon. It brings you an Oliver for free trial or our catalog and copy of our booklet “The High Cost * of Typewriters—The Reason and the Remedy.”	t Canadian Price, $82	/ S THE OLIVER 4f TYPEWRITER CO., * 734 Oliver Typewriter Bldgc f	Chicago, 111. f i j Ship me a new Oliver Nine for five $> l_I days free inspection. If I keep it, + I will pay $<M at the rate of $-1 a month. Tha > title to remain in you until fully paid for. My shipping point is. .. This does not place mo under any obligation ^ to buy. If I choose to return the Oliver. I will 4 ship it back at your expense at the end of five days. t I I Do not send a machine until I order it. Mail me ► L—J your book—"The High Cost of Typewriters— The Reason and the Remedy/* your de luxe catalog and further information. TTie OLIVER Typewriter (pmpan9 734 Oliver Typewriter Bldg-, Chicago, 111. Name....... Street Address. J Citv. State. Was $100 Before the War Now $64 SAVE $36 A Finer Typewriter at a Fair Price In nntwering thU aivertttement it ii detirabin that you mention thit magazine.ARGQSY-ALLSTORY "W E, E K L Y Vol. CXXXIII CONTENTS FOR APRIL 16, 1921 Numbkr 1 The entire contents of this magazine are protected by copyright, and must not be reprinted without the publisher!* permission. FIVE continued stories Jason, Son of Jason.......J. U. Giesy A Six-Part Story — Part One. White Heather Weather.....John Frederick . A Seven-Part Story — Part Two Miss Angel.........Katharine Eggleston A Six-Part Story — Part Three The Tempting Tangle......Victor Lauriston . A Six-Part Story — Part Four Some Man!.........Stephen Kaye . . A Six-Part Story — Part Five NOVELETTE Eyes of the Dead.......George Gilbert . FIVE short stories The Jumping-Off Place.....Harold Lamb . Brass Buttons.........Rebecca T. Hodges Local Talent.........Jack Bechdolt . One in Four Million......Leonard Edward . Assisted b^ Amiable Amos . . . .	T. F. T. West . 1 32 78 97 121 53 21 47 91 114 140 IN NEXT WEEKS ARGOSY-ALLSTORY A Complete Novelette of Unusual Power THE CURATIVE FEAR By Charles B. Stilson Author of “ Little Crooked Master," etc. Long Instalments of FIVE CRACKER-JACK SERIALS A Brilliant Selection of SHORT STORIES By Favorite Authors Including MADAME TSETSE By George Allan England WATCH FOR THE APRIL 23, 1921, ISSUE THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY, 280 BROADWAY, NEW YORK, and TEMPLE HOUSE, TEMPLE AVENUE, E. C., LONDON Frank A. Munskt, President	Richard H. Titherington, Secretary	Christopher H. Pope, Treasurer Single copies, lO cents. By the year, $4.00 In United States, its dependencies, Mexico and Cuba ; $6.00 to Canada, and $7.00 to Foreign Countries. Remittances should be made by check, express money order or postal money order. Currency should not be sent unless registered PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY. COPYRIGHT, 1921 Entered as second class matter July 15, 1920, at the Post-Office at New York, under the Act of March 3, 1879. COPYRIGHTED IN GREAT BRITAINARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION. Send the Coupon and We’ll Send You a Lachnite *HREE THOUSAND years ago alchemists tried to turn base metals into gold. The more am- bitious attempted to create a jewel to match the diamond’s radiance. For centuries the secret was sought in vain. But now, at laSt, one effort meets success. The search begun in Egypt 3000 years ago has reached its end in our day in a French laboratory! An ob- scure chemist has given the world a jewel with all the diamond's fire. In heat as intense as the terrific heat of the earth’s core, where diamonds themselves are formed, he has crystallized a new jewel. In beauty, brilliance, and color it cor- responds with the mined gem, and it withstands the great diamond tests of radiance, acid, fire. The great diamonds of the world are few. Their history is a history of crime. Yet today a chemist has found a secret by which men can make a Stone to rival the Koh-i-noor. It is called Lachnite. If You Can Tell It From a Diamond—Send It Back If you will send your name and address on the coupon below, you may get this lateSt miracle of man’s invention for a genuine free trial. We will send you either of the rings illustrated above up- on your simple request—without a penny down. When the lachnite comes, merely deposit $4.75 with the poStman. Then wear the jewel for 10 days as if it were your own. Wear it every- where you go. Submit it to the moSt exacting teSts you know. Show it to your friends. Ana Harold Lachman Company j Dept. 2274 204 South Peoria Street, Chicago. | -1 then—if you or they can tell it from a diamond, send it back and your deposit will be refunded immediately. You are under no obligation to buy. Pay Only a Few Cents a Day Would you hesitate for an inStant to pay $18.75 for a carat diamond? Of course you wouldn’t— and that is the total coSt of the superb Lachnites shown here. The Lachnite in the lady’s ring weighs about a carat—in the man’s a trifle less. Both are set in solid gold and cut by the master diamond cutters of Europe. And you may pay this low price at the rate of $2.50 a month— a trifle more than 8 cents a day. Less than a day’s carfare to own a jewel with alia diamond’a fiery loveliness. Send the Coupon Without a Penny Down JuSt put your name and address on the coupon and tell us which ring you prefer. Either one will be sent with the diStindt understanding that you can return it if you can tell it from a diamond. Please be sure to send your finger size. To get it cut a strip of paper that will juSt meet around the middle knuckle of your finger. Send the coupon now—and not a penny in cash. r Harold Lachman Co., Dept. 2274 204 South Peoria Street, Chicago, Illinois Send me prepaid ijfen? Ring on ten days’ *ree trial- When it comes I will deposit $4.75 with the postman. After ten days I will either return the ring or send you $2.50 a month until the balance is paid. Total costto me $18.75. If I return the ring you will refund my $4.75 im- mediately. I enclose my finger size. Name. Address. In answering tMi aivertitement it it (Ueirable that you mention thit magazine.AGENTS & SALESMEN WANTED $13.50 FOR A MADE-TO-MEASURE TWO-PIECE SUIT. the biggest bargain offer ever made by any tailoring liouse. We arc out to beat bigli tailoring prices. Save 50% bn your uext suit. You can easily earn $60.00 cash weekly in your spare time by taking orders for our celebrated made-to- measure clothes. Write us today for our beautiful cloth samples and Wonderful offer—sent free postage prepaid. Act QMick. The Progress Tailoring Co.. Dept. 201, Chicago. 111._■ SALESMEN: EARN $3,500 TO $10,000 A YEAR. City or Traveling. Experience unnecessary. Quickly qualify through our amazing system. Free Employment Service to Members. Send for. Salesmanship book, list of lines and full par- ticulars. Nat. Salesmen’s Tr. Ass’n. Dept. 133-D. Chicago. 111. WE START YOU in business, furnishing everything. Men and women, $30.00 to $100.00 weekly operating our “New System Specialty Candy Factories" anywhere. Opportunity lifetime; booklet free. Ragsdale Co.. Drawer 03. East Orange. N. .1. AGENTS, $60 TO $200 A WEEK. Free Samples. Gold Sign Letters for Store and Office Windows. Anyone can do it. Big demand. Liberal offer to general agents. Metallic Letter Co.. 43lH N. Clark St.. Chicago.	__ SALES AGENTS WANTED in every county to give all or spare time. Positions worth $750 to $1500 yearly. We train the inexperienced. Novelty Cutlery Co., 77 Bar Street, Canton. Ohio. PORTRAIT AGENTS—I made $50,000 canvassing for por- traits. I teach you free. Give credit and guarantee delivery. Get free circular "Profits in Portraits ”; it explains all. Friedman’s United Art Studio. Dept. 5. 127 N. Dearborn, Chicago. AGENTS—LARGE MANUFACTURER WANTS AGENTS TO SELL HOSIERY, underwear, shirts, dresses, skirts, waists, shoes, clothing, etc. Write for free samples. Madison Mills. 503 Broadway. New York.	_•_ $10 WORTH OF FINEST TOILET SOAPS, perfumes, toilet waters, spices, etc.. absolutely free to agents on our refund plan. Lacassian Co.-, Dept. 614, St. Louis. Mo. AGENTS—YOUR OWN CLOTHES FREE and $60 a week. Start in your spare time. Tailoring business simply great this rear. Write American W’oolen Mills Company, Dept. 1433, Chicago, for cloth samples of 60 big sensational sellers. MAKE $314 MONTHLY IN SPARE TIME. Ferens did this selling wonder windshield cleaner. One swipe keeps glass clear for 24 hours; no rubber, no cloth, but chemical-felt; mechanical; fits any car. any position; works like magic; sells $1. Amazing details Free. Seco Mfg. Co.. Dept. 58. Toledo. Ohio. AGENTS:—$100 WEEKLY. Automobile Owners Wild With Enthusiasm. Marvelous invention doubles power, mileage, efficiency. Saves cost* first day. Sensational sales everywhere. Territory going like wildfire. $26 sample outfit and Ford Car free. Write quick. Ovee Co.. Dept. 5. Louisville. Ky. BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES MEN WANTED TO EARN $3,000 TO $10,000 A YEAR. prepare quickly and easily through our amazing system for profitable and permanent business reclaiming waste paper for largest manufacturers in country. Boys do the work—you simplv direct. Practically no investment necessary—a few dollars will start you. Simply send name for big free op- portunity book—a post card will do. The Traub System, 349 Traub Building. Kansas City, Mo. MICHIGAN FARM LANDS FOR SALE Land Prices Low as $15 to $30 per acre for choice hardwood land in Antrim, Kalkaska and Otsego Counties. Michigan. Excellent locations near markets, schools, railroads, lakes and streams. Easy terms. We help you in many ways explained in big illustrated booklet. Seiid for Free copy today. Swigart. Y-1245. First National Bank Building. Chicago. 111. MOTION PICTURE PLAYS PHOTOPLAYS WANTED BY 48 COMPANIES; $10 TO $500 EACH PAID FOR PLAYS. No correspondence course •'r ex- perience needed; details sent free to beginners. Sell your iu.>as. Producers League. 388 Wainwright, St. Louis, Mo. AGENTS & SALESMEN WANTED Women and Men—Wanted at once, no experience necessary, to take orders for our beautiful patented rings which will fit the smallest bjaby, or the largest man; they open or expand -with the finger, they sell themselves; women with.no experience are milking from to $15 a day. Write today for all informa- tion. An automobile furnished free. Expansion Jewelry^ Co., Chicago. TIL. Agu. Dept. Drawer 726. BIGGEST MONEY-MAKER IN AMERICA. I want 100 men and women quick to take orders for raincoats, raincapes and -waterproof aprons. Thousands of orders waiting j for you. $2.00 an hour for spare time. McDonough made $813.00 in one month. Ni.ssen $10.00 in three hours; Pur.viance $207.00 in seven days, $5,000 a year profit for eight average orders a day. No delivering or collecting. Beautiful coat free. No experience or capital required. Write quick for information. Comer Mfg. Co., Dept. Y-137, Dayton, Ohio. AGENTS—Our Soap and Toilet Article Plan is a won,der. Get our Free Sample Case Offer. Ho-Ro-Co, 137 Locust, St. Louis. Mo. AGENTS: SOMETHING NEW. WIRELESS GUARANTEED UMBRELLAS. Adjust new top in minute. Handles collapse to fit suitcase. Other features. Popular prices. Free sample. Parker Mfg. Co., 206 Dike Street, Dayton, Ohio. $11.00 A DAY FOR FIVE HOURS’ WORK. New method— no capital required—no deliveries—no delays—just take orders and bank big profits. Davis Products Co., Dept. 58, Chicago. $100,000 CONCERN WANTS AGENTS TO TAKE ORDERS for Gas Mask Raincoats at half price. Wonderful value. Sells itself. Big profit. Two coats a day means a big day’s wages. We deliver and collect. Selling outfit free by return mail; no red tape. Dept. X. Lewis Raincoat Co.. Cleveland. Ohio. CREW MANAGERS—AGENTS. OPALINE PAINTINGS ARE A KNOCKOUT. Make old territory new. Seasoned picture men double their sale. Beginners make $1.00 an hour and more with rigs. Greatest lilt ever made. Samples and expense money furnished. Write today. Consolidated Portrait Co., Desk A-22, 1020 W. Adams St.. Chicago.__ AGENTS: Water-Proof Kitchen Apron. Every housewife buys. Dainty, durable, economical, acid-proof, grease-proof. Sample fre?. Thomas Mfg. Co.. Class 2107. Dayton, Ohio. AGENTS—LIVE WIRES MAKE $10 TO $15 DAILY. Every man a prospect; OS' per cent sure buyers. Write for open territory. Ne.dme Specialty Co., 58-60 W. Washington St.. Dept. M. Chicago. HI.__•_ HELP WANTED WRITE NEWS ITEMS and Short Stories for pay in spare time. Copyright book and plans free. Press Reporting Syndicate, 433, St. Louis. Mo. BE A DETECTIV E—EXCELLENT OPPORTU- NITIES for travel. Great demand everywhere. Fascinating work. Experience unnecessary. We train you. Particulars free. Write. American Detective System. 1968 Broadway, New York. ^RAILWAY MAIL CLERKS. STENOGRAPHERS. CLERKS, TYPISTS, wanted by Government. Examinations weekly. Pre- pare at home. Write for free list and plan T payment after securing position. CSS. 1017 Chestnut Street, Philadelphia. HELP WANTED—MALE MEN—AGE 17 TO 45. EXPERIENCE UNNECESSARY. Travel; make secret investigations, reports. Salaries; expenses. American Foreign Detective Agency, 320. St. Louis, Mo. MEN WANTED FOR DETECTIVE WORK. Experience un- necessary. Write J. Ganor, Former U. S. Government Detective. - 107 St. Loui3, Mo. EARN.$250 A MONTH, EXPENSES PAID, as Railway Traffic Inspector. Local or traveling. Out- doors. Start at $110 monthly, position guaranteed after 3 months spare ttme study. Write for Free Booklet CM-30. Stand. Business Training Inst., Buffalo, N. Y. HELP WANTED-FEMALE WANTED—WOMEN, GIRLS. BECOME DRESS DESIGN- ERS. Earn $45-$S0 week. Design and make stylish dresses. Sample lessons free.- Write immediately. Franklin Institute. Dept. .T-903. Rochester. N. Y._' Classified Advertising continued on page 6. In answering any advertisement on this page it it desirable that you mention this magazine.ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION. Classified Advertising continued from page 4. AUTHORS—MANUSCRIPTS STORIES, POEMS, PLAYS, ETC,, ARE WANTED for publication. Good ideas bring big money. Submit Mss., or write Literary Bureau. HO. Hannibal. Mo. FREE TO WRITERS—a wonderful little book of money making hints, suggestions, ideas; the A B C of successful Story and Movie-Play writing. Absolutely free. Send for your copy now! Just address Authors' Press, Dept. 19, Auburn, N. Y. AUTOMOBILE SCHOOLS BE AN AUTO OR TRACTOR EXPERT. Unlimited opportuni- ty for Civil and Government Work. 5000 successful graduates. Write at once for our big free catalogue. Cleveland Auto School, 1819 E. 24th St., Cleveland, Ohio. HEALTH EAT AND GET WELL. 95% of Human Ills Begin in the Stomach. Prof. Ogden's New Book “Zone Food Science" makes eating delightful, tells how to quickly overcome stomach, liver, intestinal, catarrh and bowel trouble; to build up mental, nerve, and physical force and makes life worth living. The price is $1.00 (U. S. Money). Worth many times the cost. Well or sick you need this book. Order your copy today. Address Prof. L. G. Ogden. 625 Andrews Buildiilg. Cincinnati. SONG POEMS WANTED WRITE THE WORDS FOR A SONG! WE WILL WRITE THE MUSIC and guarantee publication on a royalty basis. Submit poems on any subject. Seton Music Company, 920 S. Michigan Avenue. Boom 190, Chicago. WRITE A SONG POEM. You can do it. Write about Love, Mother, Home, Childhood, Comic, or any subject, and send words today. I compose music and guarantee publication. Edward Trent, 652 Reaper Block, Chicago. WRITE THE WORDS FOR A SONG. WE REVISE POEMS, compose music for them and guarantee to secure publication on royalty basis by New York music publisher. Our Chief Com- poser is a song-writer of national reputation and has written many big song-hits. Submit poems on any subject. Broadway Studios, 238 Fitzgerald Building, New York. PATENT ATTORNEYS PATENTS. If you have an invention write for our Guide Book, “How To Get A Patent." Send model or sketch and description, and we will give our opinion as to its patentable nature. Randolph & Co., 630 F. Washington, D. C. PATENTS. WRITE FOR FREE ILLUSTRATED GUIDE BOOK and evidence of conception blank. Send model or sketch and description for our opinion of its patentable nature. Free. Highest References. Prompt attention. Reasonable Terms. Victor J. Evans & Co., 762 Ninth, Washington, D. C. PATENTS PROCURED—TRADE MARKS REGISTERED— A comprehensive, experienced, prompt service for the protection and development of your ideas. Preliminary advice gladly fur- nished without charge. Booklet of information and form for disclosing idea free on request. Richard B. Owen, 68 Owen Bldg., Washington, D. C.. or 2278-J Woolworth Bldg., New York. TRADE SCHOOLS CHICAGO PAINTING SCHOOL. The only school in the U. S. teaching all branches Sign Painting. Show Card Writing. Paperhanging. Marbling. Graining, Decorating, Auto Painting by Home Study or Resident Courses. Catalogue free. Chicago Painting School, 151 W. Austin Ave., Chicago, 111._ WANTED TO BUY MAIL DIRECT TO THE REFINERS ANY OLD GOLD, silver, magneto points, old watches, diamonds, platinum, old or broken jewelry, false teeth, gold or silver ores or nuggets. War Bonds and Stamps. Send them to us today. Highest prices paid in cask by return mail. Goods returned in 10 days if you're not satisfied. The Ohio Smelting & Refining Co., 254 Lennox Building, Cleveland, Ohio. GAMES AND ENTERTAINMENTS PLAYS, VAUDEVILLE ACTS, MONOLOGS, DIALOGS, Tableaux, Drills, Pageants, Musical Readings, Recitations, Special Entertainments, Make-up Goods. Large Catalog Free. T. S. Denison & Co.. Dept. 43, Chicago. STAMPS AND RARE COINS STAMPS FREE! 60 all different for the names of two col- lectors and 2c postage! 30 Sweden stamps 10c; 20 Denmark stamps 10c. Central Europe war money 5c. Toledo Stamp Co., Dept. A, Toledo, Ohio, U. S. A. “Extra Money and a Bigger Job Ahead” He lives in Maryland and he is just one of thousands of enthu- siastic United Y. M. C. A. School students. Though he has not yet completed his home-study Course in Accountancy, he says: "What I have already learned has made it possible for me to earn quite a bit of extra money auditing books for local business concerns outside of my regular hours. So of course I am enthusiastic." This young man has been devoting spare hours to his home- study course considerably less than a year. Yet he is already J reaping a return. And there is a bigger usefulness immediately ahead of him.	„	. His case is just one of many examples of the value of the United Y. M. C. A. Courses. These Courses are of the most concise and practical nature, built to meet the needs of ambitious young men who have only spare hours for study. Often the special knowledge that they afford enables a student to earn enough money while studying his course to pay its full cost. And this may prove true, whether the course is drawing, designing, management, foreman- ship, advertising, electrical or mechanical, correspondence, sales- manship, etc.	_ The United Y. M. C. A. spare-hour courses are the result of many years’ experience in helping ambitious young men to put more into their heads. Last year the Schools aided more than 120,000 young men to increase their ability. Now, with correspondence instruction added to day and evening classes, the Schools have facilities to help many more thousands. The United Y. M. C. A. Courses are offered at most reasonable prices. Our platform is “the most service for the least money." Our earnest instructors are glad to hear from and to help every ambitious man.	_	_ , _ . The list below suggests just a few of our courses. Check the sub- ject that interests you most and learn how you can use spare hours to qualify yourself to earn extra money, to prepare for more con- genial work, to qualify for a bigger job, to grow to bigger manhood and to assume larger responsibility. It costs nothing to get this information and it may prove a real turning point in your life. The demand today is for trained men—for special ability. Prepare to meet the demand. Sign and mail the form below. UNITED Y. M. C. A. SCHOOLS Dept. 52 MY	375 Lexington Ave., New York City I am interested in the position or home-study course I hare marked. Please give full information. Salesman Stenographer Business Law Better Letters Business English Factory Management Foremanship Mechanical Engineer Draftsman Illustrator Name and Occupation Advertising Man Accountant Auto Mechanic Radio Operator Concrete Engineer Banking Bookkeeper Civil Engineer Surveyor Electrical Engineer Electrician Steam Engineer Machine-Shop Practice Plumber Farm Motor Meohanio Architect Building Contractor Agricultural Courses Poultry Husbandry Mathematical Courses English Courses Foreign Languages Address Learn About theY. M. C. A. Standards in Correspondence Instruction In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention this magazine.ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION. 12 WAYS to Earn Bigger Pay Look over the twelve wonderful home-study sets listed below. One of the twelve is YOUR BIG OP- PORTUNITY FOR SUCCESS I Each set was pre- pared by the country’s foremost authorities, writ- ten especially for you in the kind of language that you best understand. The first idea in the minds of the men who prepared these books was to help you make MORE MONEY. So they put into them everything that would help you, photographs, dia- grams, complete descriptions; all the knowledge that you need to give you surest success. The books are handsomely bound, some in half Morocco, library style; others in American Morocco, flexible handy style. All stamped in gold. Pick out the set that Is meant for you; examine it FREE. If you are satisfied pay the special bar- gain price, on terms of less than 10c a day. If not satisfied, return the books. Invest 10c a Day in Your Brain portunity. You will v	never miss the 10c a day. (less than cigar money). These volumes bring you the greatest opportunity to in- vest in your brain—in knowledge that will double or triple your earning power. If you expect to make bigger money, you must feed your brain, give it a chance to grow. These great volumes are brain food for you. Pick your set now and examine it free. Don't send any money. Examine the books first. If satisfied pay for them on terms so easy that you will never miss the money. You take no risk. The books must show you that they will work for you, train you for a better, bigger-pay job. Fill out the coupon now. Pay only the very small shipping charges when the books arrive. If you mail the coupon at once we will give you FREE a year’s Consulting Membership in the American Technical Society. This allows you to consult our corps of experts on any problem you may have. Ordinarily this membership costs $12. It is yours free if you act promptly. Mail the coupon before you turn the pages—before you can forget. Send No Money American Technical Society Chicago,U.S.A. CARPENTRY AND CONTRACTING _ e volumes, 2138 pages and more than 400 illustrations. 1’ re p a res for Contractor. Building Superintendent and Carpenter Foreman. Regular price. $37.50. Special price, $24.80. CIVIL ENGINEERING Nine volumes. 3000 pages and 3000 illustrations, plates and diagrams. Prepares for Civil or Structural Engineer. Tran- sitman. Estimator. Designer or Chief Draftsman. Regular price, $67.50. Special price, $30.80. TELEPHONY AND TELEGRAPHY Four volumes. 1728 pages and 2000 illustrations, plates and diagrams. Prepares for Telephone Engineer. Wire Chief. Exchange Manager. Trouble Man or Telegrapher. Regular price, $30.00. Spe- cial price, $19.80. MECHANICAL AND ARCHI- TECTURAL DRAWING Four volumes. 1578 pages and more than one thousand illustrations. Prepares for Architectural or Mechanical Draftsman. Regular price. $30.00. Special price, only $10.80. ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING Eight volumes. 4100 pages and 3300 illustrations, plates and diagrams. Prepares for Electrical Engineer, Power Plant Superintendent. Sub- station Operator or Electri- cian. Regular price, $52.50. Special price, $34.80. FIRE PREVENTION & INSURANCE Four volumes. 1500 pages and 600 illustrations, dia- grams. forms, etc. Prepares for Counterman. Rate Clerk. Inspector or Ageut. Regular price, $30.00. Special price, $19.80. AUTOMOBILE ENGINEERING Five volumes. 2400 pages and 2000 illustrations. Prepares for Garage Foreman, Auto- mobile- Mechanic or Chauf- feur. Invaluable to car own- ers. Regular price. $45.00. Special price, $24.80. SANITARY, HEATING AND VENTILATING ENGINEERING Four volumes, 1451 pages and more than 1400 illus- trations, etc. Prepares for Sanitary Engineer. Heating and Ventilating Engineer. Master Plumber or Plumber. Regular price. $30.00. Spe- cial price, $18.80. STEAM AND GAS ENGINEERING Seven volumes, 3300 pages and 2500 illustrations, plates, diagrams, etc. Prepares for Stationary, Marine or Loco- motive Engineer or Fireman. Regular price. $52.50. Spe- cial price, $29.80. LAW AND PRACTICE (with Reading Course in 25 bound pamphlets). Twelve volumes, 6000 pages and 24 illustrations. Prepares for all Bar Examinations. A won- derful aid to business men. Regular price, $90.00. Spe- cial price, $49.80. ACCOUNTANCY AND BUSI- NESS MANAGEMENT Seven volumes. 2700 pages and 2000 illustrations, forms, etc. Prepares for Certified Public Accountant, Auditor. Office Manager, Accountant. Credit Man or Bookkeeper. Regular price, $52.50. Spe- cial price, $29.80. r MACHINE SHOP PRACTICE | Six volumes. 2300 pages and 2500 illustrations. Prepares for Machine Shop Superin- tendent or Foreman, Foun- dryman. Pattern Maker, Tool Designer or Tool Maker. Regular price, $45.00. Spe- cial price, $24.80. American Technical Society, Dept. X-164-, Chicago, U. S. A.	* Please send me set of..............................................................I for 7 days’ examination, shipping charges collect. I will examine the books thoroughly and, if satisfied, will send	I $2.80 within 7 days and $3.00 each month, until I	■ have paid the special price of $................../	I If I decide not to keep the books. I will return them by	1 express at your expense. Title not to pass to me until	| I the set is fully paid for. | Name.................................................. I | ADDRESS.............................................. | Ll j In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine.ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION. I Can Teach You JUJITSU In One Evening! The **Master Secret” of Jujitsu, which I learned after ten years' study of the science in Japan, now enables you easily and quickly to become an expert RIGHT IN YOUR OWN HOME. D O not think this is a rash statement! Hundreds of people have mastered the fundamentals of Jujitsu . in one evening, by my “Master Secret.” Tricks that formerly took years to learn can now be mastered in a few hours. And here is the reason: Every science has rules. Apply these rules and you get quick and certain results. With- out them it would take years to get the same results. So it is with the science of Jujitsu. I have discovered the formula—my “Master Secret,” The Stahara. With it you can become expert in Jujitsu tricks that took years to learn without the formula. Wonderful Success of “Master Secret” This “Master Secret’* has already met with amazing success. It was given an acid test during the war. Then it was a question of rush, rush, rushl The War Department at Washington demanded men trained in the best modes of hand-to-hand attack and defence. And they must be trained with the greatest speed possible. In Infantry Camps throughout the country, thousands of doughboys were tfained in hand-to-hand fighting under my direction. They were taught the “Master Secret.” Once, learned and applied. Jujitsu was no longer a mystic power but an efficient weapon to use against the Hun. Entire regiments were trained as units, and quickly learned how to apply 'their Staharas. ■ Since the War, the suc- cess of my “Secrets of Jujitsu” has been even greater. Pupils not only learn easily and quickly with the “Master Secret,” but they become wildly enthusiasUc about Jujitsu. They find it the most fas- cinating sport in the world. Jujitsu was “made for Americans.” It is adapted to our temperament. Red- blooded, exciting, and skillful! It suits the quick- thinking American. No wonder it is so extremely popular! NEW YORK POLICE COMMISSIONER Says: It affords me great pleasure to heartily endorse your system of Jujitsu, as set forth in your lessons. •‘Secrets of Jujitsu”—There is no question but these methods will prove inval- uable to members of the force. I cannot too strong- ly recommend the system as a valuable adjunct to the police training. BENNY LEONARD World’s Lightweight Champion * “ With regard to your system of Stahara Train- ing. I do not think there is any other method of train- ing so beneficial to the body. This training teaches men how to put their weight into their blows and to use their body when punching instead of their arms alone.” Lt. ELMER Q. OLIPHANT All American Athlete “I am much impressed with your course, 'The Se- crets of Jujitsu.' on ac- count of the very scientific principles on which it is based. It provides an effec- tive weapon of self-defense which one can always carry around . . . Your system of body-training marks a new era in physical train- ing.” These are only a few of the hundreds of letters re- ceived. Capt. Allan Smith, Formerly Chief Instructor of Jujitsu, U. S. Army. And what is most important in Jujitsu is that you don’t < have to be an ath- lete or a giant to overcome your oppo- nent. Even if- you are smaller, lighter, and in worse physical condition than your opponent, you can over- power him if you know Jujitsu. During the ten years I was in Japan, I wrestled with the cleverest Japanese Jujitsu artists. Later, when my Jujitsu achievements warranted it, I became an instruc- tor in Central Jujitsu College in* Tokyo. Here I un- earthed the famous dfeathholds and the hidden secrets of the Orient. Here I established my Jujitsu formula—the “Master Secret” of the Stahara. These illusive holds and grips not only proved valuable to our men in ffghting the Hun, but they have proven extremely valuable to civilians in furnishing them a defence against any thug or rowdy. They are proof against any attacker, be he robber armed with knife, gun or club. I have on file letters of all descriptions from High Army Officials. College Professors, Students. Business and Professional Men and Women. The substance of their letters probably could be condensed in the note we received from I. R. Post of Chicago. “Your course (The Secrets of Jujitsu) greatly exceeded my expectations and is the most efficient, business-like system of self-defence I have ever seen. Over 250 Photographs My “Secrets of Jujitsu” built around the famous “Master Se- cret,” contains over 250 actual photographs, which illustrate every trick thoroughly. It is just as if I were constantly at your elbow, instructing you personally. You absolutely /san't go wrong. So clearly is it illustrated and so definite are the instructions that a child could actually learn Jujitsu from it. Aiid the best part of it is that you get a lot of fun out of learn- ing Jujitsu from this course. I have devised rules which not only eliminate danger in practice, but make Jujitsu a clean fascinating sport. As a body-builder, Jujitsu cannot be beaten. It reaches and de- velops practically every muscle in the body. It steadies the nerves and the brain. It inspires self-confidence and courage. By practicing only a few minutes a day in your own room with these tricks, you will keep in the best condition possible and be ready to tackle business with new vim. In my course, I have aimed to combine utility and pleasure. I have given you probably the greatest collection of Jujitsu tricks ever brought to America—many of them giving you power of life and death over your opponent. I have given you the benefit of my experience as Chief Instructor hi the U. S. Army. Thousands have tried my course since 1 have extended it to civilians. Each day we get letters of appreciation, letters praising the course, the Master Secret, and the wonderful benefits derived from them. Send No Money Jujitsu Gives You Instant Mastery Time after time. Jujitsu has proven its superiority over many other means of defence. I have seen count- less bouts between Jujitsu artists and much stronger men. The speed and ease with which Jujitsu usually rendered the opponents powerless without injuring them, clearly illustrated its power. I am a firm believer in boxing, wrestling and every other manly t. Every American boy should be trained In all of these, but he should also make himself master of the wonderful art of Ju- jitsu. Do not send a single cent. The publishers will send you the course free. Read it over. See for yourself if you cannot learn and apply in one evening my “Master Secret,” which enables you to easily overcome your opponent by one of the many holds and grips. Try some of them on your friends. Pick out a fellow larger than yourself, and see how easy it is to subdue him. Keep it five days. Then decide. If my course in any way falls short, I don’t want you to pay a penny. Send back the course, and there will be no further obligation. But if you find it a wonderful means of self-protection offering you health and sport, send onlt $5 in full payment. Jujitsu can mean so much to you that you should not lose a minute in sending for it on trial. Tear off coupon right away before you forget and lose the opportunity. Mail it NOW. Stahara Publishing Company, 34 Exchange Building, Columbus. Ga. STAHARA PUBLISHING COMPANY 34 Exchange Building, Columbus, 6a. Please send me Captain Smith's complete course of seven l)ooks containing 50 illustrated lessons. Within five days after receipt. I will either send it back or send you $5 in full payment. Nameu. Address........................................................ Orders received from countries other than the United States and Canada are payable cash with order. In antioerini tMi aiverHtement it it ietira’iie that vou mention tMi magazine.ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION. $300®2 a Month Salary $45022 on the Side at Home That’s the*kind of money my drafting students make. Read what this one says: "As a beginner I am doing fine. Am earning a salary of —_ __ —- —- A _ _ _ _	.mm mm $300 per month, besides! made over $450 at home the	fIf rr 2 *3 mm ft ft mart mf ¥ last two months, drawing plans for private parties. The	■_ VMKfBK* practical drafting training you gave me by mail put me	And more—I give you a whole set of drafting tools where I am in less than six months'study. Thankyoufor	the minute you become my student. You get every oH your personal interest and help you gave me so far."	tool you need. A magnificent $25 set of instruments (Name and Address on request. (Signed) J. B.	with which to build your success in draftsmanship. I Train You Until You Get a Job $3,600^ year*salary. Traineif by me per- “	™““* —	sonally until you get a job. That’s the big 3-featured oner I am making you. "J. B.” was trained by me. I train you personally in the same way. I make you qualified to draw $3,600 per year like scores of my other graduates are doing. I give you practical drawing-room work. Everything just exactly as you would get it in a real job. I give you my personal man-to-man attention. | Send Coupon for Chief Draftsman Dobe Dept.1454,4001 Broadway, Chicago, III. _	__	___ Without any obligation whatsoever, pleaae mail your |	,, - V ■ Nomatter what plana book,“Successful Draftsmanship, ’’and full[particulars _	M WAA Sc A fl	you have for the fu- of your liberal “Fereonal Instruction” otter to few ■	■ ■ .■ 1	V III	ture. Get this book— students.	|	“Successful Drafts- N	■	manship.” Find out about the simply marvelous opportunities ...............................................*...... ■	ahead now. How the world needs draftsmen, engineers, archi- |	tects and builders. What great salaries and possibilities there Address................................................... |	are! Send the coupon for free book today. I	Chief Draftman Dobe, Dspt.1454,4001 Broadway, Chicago Poet Office.............................State.............. In answering this advertisement it it desirable that you mention this magazine.ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WE, E K. L 'V Author o! “ Mimi," “ Palos oi the Dog Star Pack,” etc. (Sequel to “The Mouthpiece of Zitu”) THOSE who read “ Palos of the Dog Star Pack ” (All-Stqry, July 13 to August 10, 1918) and "The Mouthpiece of Zitu” (July 5 to August 2, 1919) will remember that Dr. Jason Croft, having, during his psychic investigations, gained complete control over his astral form, lands while wandering among the planets of outer space upon Palos, one of the spheres of the universe which includes the Dog Star. There he sees and falls in love with Naia, Princess of Tamarizia and, seizing upon the body of a Palosian about to die, he enters into it and in this form, with his advanced knowledge soon makes himself a power on the planet. Several times he returns to his own body on earth; but finally, having won the love of Naia, married her and made himself practical dictator of the planet, he allows his earth body to die and goes to Palos for good. This is the status of things when in the present story, he again gets into communication with his friend (the narrator) Dr. Murray. Of the present story we will only say: “You know that the first one was good and the second better; the third is undoubtedly the best of the trilogy.” CHAPTER I. NO. 27. IT was midnight when the night superin- tendent called and told me No. 2 7 had died. I rose. The thing was no. sur- prise. I had known it was going to happen. No. 27 had told me so himself. None the less, I went to his room. Routine in the Mental Hospital had nothing to do with that strange secret held in common between myself and the man—that strange state of affairs which had enabled him to predicate his death. 1 A And yet as I mounted the stairs to the room where his body now lay as a worn-out busk I had none of the feeling which so customarily assails the average mortal in such an hour. To me it was not as though he had died. To my mind in those mo- ments it was no more than the casting aside by the activating spirit of that instrument which for its own ends it had used. The body then was a husk indeed—an ema- ciated, worn-out thing which, because of our mutual secret, I knew had been kept alive by the sheer force of the spiritual ten- ant, now removed.2 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. I stood looking down upon it, with very much the same sensations one might have in viewing the tool once plied by the hand of a friend. It was nothing more than that really. Jason Croft had used it while he had need of its manipulation, and when his need was accomplished he had simply laid it down. Jason Croft. Dead? I felt an impulse to smile in most improper fashion. Not at all. The man was not only not dead, but I knew—as positively as I knew I was pres- ently going to leave the room where his dead tool lay on a hospital bed and return to my own quarters—exactly where he had gone. The statement sounds a bit as though I were better qualified as an inmate than the superintendent of an institution for the care of the insane. And I don’t suppose it will help any for me to add that I had seen Jason Croft die before—or that he had in- formed me on the former oocasion, though in less specific fashion, of his approaching end. That was after he had told me a most remarkable tale, which, in spite of its al- most incredible nature, I found myself strongly inclined to believe. It had con- cerned Croft’s adventures on another plan- et—Palos—one of the spheres in the uni- verse of the Dog Star Sirius, to which he had traveled first by astral projection, but on which he had found means to establish an actual existence in the flesh. “ Unbelievable—can a man be dead and yet live again?” you will say. Well, yes, but— Croft’s earth body died just as he had told me it would, and was buried, and time passed, and this patient No. 27 was committed to the institution of which I was the head; and when I went to ex- amine and inspect him, he asked me to dis- miss the attendants, and then he spoke to me in the voice of Jason Croft. More than that, he took up the story of his adventures where he had left off in the previous instance, admitted freely that he had reversed the experiment by which he had gained material existence on Palos, and, driven by the necessity of gaining knowledge for use in his new estate, had deliberately returned to earth. Unbeliev- able, you will say again. And again I an- swer: “ Yes—but wait.” Croft was a physician, even as am I. He was a scientific man. In addition he was a student of the occult—the science of the mind, the spirit, and its control of the physical forces of life. He was an earth-born man. The home in which I first met him contained the greatest private collection of works on the subject I have ever seen. In dying he left them to me—I have them all about me. They are mine. According to his state- ments and his notations on margins, he had gone so far in his investigations" that he could project the astral consciousness any- where at will. And when I say anywhere, I mean it in the literal sense. Many men have mastered the astral con- trol on the earthly plane. Croft had car- ried it to an ultimate degree. He shook off the envelope of the earth atmosphere, led thereto, as he frankly confessed in our conversations, by the attraction of a femi- nine spirit, though he did not know it at the time, and recognized it only when he first viewed Naia—Princess of Tamarizia— on a distant star. I had dabbled in the occult to some ex- tent myself. Hence when he spoke of the doctrine of twin souls he had no further need to explain. He alleged that since a' child the Dog Star had called him subtly through the years in a way he could not' explain. Once having come into her pres- ence, however, he knew that it was Naia— the feminine counterpart of his nature— Whose existence on the other planet had called across the void to him. Or so he claimed. And certainly his portrayal of the events on Palos were characterized by a detail that made the atmosphere of his alleged other existence most vividly plain. To an accomplishment of his mating with her Croft declared that he had done a weirdly wonderful thing. Discovering a Palosian dying of a mental rather than a physical ailment, he had waited until his death occurred, and then appropriated the still physically viable body to himself, as he most comprehensively explained, de-JASON, SON OF JASON. 9 scribing his act in a scientific way that counseled belief even while staggering the mind. Over that body he obtained absolute con- trol, exactly as he had gained the same ability with his own. For a time thereafter he led a sort of dual existence, sometimes on Palos, sometimes on eartih, until he had fully shaped his plans. Thai, and then only, did he voluntarily forsake the mun- dane life to enter that other and fuller existence he felt that Naia of Apihur could make complete. I questioned him closely. I was faced by a most amazing thing. I took up first the question of time required in passing from earth to Palos. He smiled and replied that outside the mental atmosphere of man time ceased to exist; that it was man’s meas- ure of a portion of eternity, and nothing more, and that he could not use what was non-existent, hence reached Palos as quick- ly in the astral condition as I could span the gulf between that member of the Dog Star’s Pack and earth in thought. All oth- er points I raised he met. Even so it was a good deal of a shock to find my new pa- tient speaking to me with Croft’s evident understanding, looking at me out of what seemed oddly like Croft’s eyes. But in the end I was convinced. The man knew too much. He was too utterly conversant with Croft’s accomplishments, his aims and ambitions and hopes, to be any one but Croft himself. And, too, he naively explained that it was a poor rule that would not work two ways, and that he had therefore repeated his experiment in gaining a Palosian body when he felt the pressing need of a return to earth. This night, earlier in the evening, he had bidden me good-by—told me he was going back to Naia, the woman he had dared so much to win, his mate who ere long was to bear him, Jason Croft of Earth, a child. And now—well, now as before, it would seem he had kept his word. Jason Croft was dead again. Is it any wonder that I felt that strange, almost amused desire to smile? Dead! Why, Croft, in so far as I knew him, could practically laugh at death—he was a man who had actually demonstrated, if one be- lieved his narrative, of course, the truth oJ the saying that the spirit is the life. He was a man who, because of the needs of his spirit, had deliberately switched his existence from one to the other of two spheres. I gave what directions were needed for the disposal of No. 27’s body, returned to my bed, and stretched myself out. But I didn’t sleep all that morning. I buried my- self in thought. Both the narratives to which I had lis- tened—first from the man I knew to be Jason Croft really, secondly from the pitia- ble wreck he had employed on his (return, that worn-out husk which had just died—j had produced on me a somewhat odd effect. So clearly had he portrayed the events and emotions which had swayed him in his al- most undreamed courtship of the Aphurian princess that I had come to accept the char- acters he mentioned as actually existent persons, acquaintances almost, just as, in spite of all established precedent, I still , regarded Croft himself as alive. Naia of Aphur—many a time as I lis- tened to his account of their association I had thrilled to the picture of that supple girl with her crown of golden hair, her crimson lips, her violet-purple eyes. So real she had come to seem that I had felt I would know her had I seen her with my physical rather than my mental vision. So real indeed was her mental picture that when he told me she was about to become a mother I had cried out, on impulse, that I wished as a medical man I might attend her—would be glad to see the light in her eyes when they first beheld his, Jason’s, child. And Croft had replied, “ Man, I could love you for that,” and had flashed me an understanding smile. So now that he was gone back to her—■ I lay on my bed unsleeping, and let all he had told me unroll in a sort of mental panorama, dealing wholly with the Pa- losian world. Taimarizia! It was into the empire Croft blundered blindly when he went to Palos first—a series of principalities surrounding the shore of a vast inland sea, with the ex- ception of a central state—the seat of the4 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. imperial capitol, embracing the island of Hiranur located in tlhe sea itself, and Nodhur to the west and south. From the central sea a narrow strait led into an outer ocean to the west. This was known as the Gateway. To- the north was Gatihur, a rugged, mountainous 9tate, the seat of national learning, in its university at the capitol city of Scira, and east of Cathur was Mazhur, known as the Lost State at the time of Croft’s first ar- rival, because it had been wrested from the empire some fifty years before, in a war with Zollaria, a hostile nation to the north. Croft, after gaining physical life on Palos, succeeded in winning it back, and in gaining thereby the consent of Naia’s fa- ther, Prince Lakkon, and her uncle, Jad- gor, King of Aphur, to their marriage. It was at that point his narrative had ended first. East of Mazhur, still hugging the sea and extending into the hinterland of the conti- nent, was Bithur. And Miiidhur joined Bithur to the south. West of Miilidhur, completing the circle, was Aphur—the name meaning literally “ the land to the west ” or “ toward the sun.” Aphur was the south- ern pillar of the Gateway, ending at the western strait. Nodhur lay south of Aphur, gaining access to the sea by the navigable river Na, on whose yellow flood moved a steady stream of commerce driven by sail and oar until Croft revolutionized trans- portation by producing alcohol-driven mo- tors. And—if I were to believe his second aocount—since then he had actually elec- trified the nation, harnessing mountain streams to generate the force. Except for the waterways, traffic prior to Croft’s innovations was by conveyances drawn by the gnuppa—a creature half deer, half horse, in appearance—or by means of caravans of the enormous beast called sar- pelca, resembling siome huge Silurian lizard, twice the size of an elephant, with a pointed tail, scale-armored back, camel-like neck, and the head of a marine serpent tentacle- fringed about the mouth. They were driven by reins affixed to these fleshy appendages, and streamed across the Palosian deserts, bearing huge merchandise cargoes upon their massive baeks. Indeed, it was a wonderful world into which Croft had projected himself. Baby- lonian in seeming he had described it to me at first. North of Tamarizia was Zollaria, inhab- ited by a far more warlike race. Its despotic government had long cast a cov- etous eye on the Central Sea, through which and the rivers emptying into its ex- panse most of the profitable trade lanes were reached. Tamarizia, controlling the western Gateway, had remained master even after the fall of Mazhur, collecting toll from the Zollarian craft on her rivers de- spite the foothold gained on her northern coast. East of Tamarizia, beyond Bithur and Miiidhur, lay Mazzeria, peopled by a race little above the aborigine in their social life. Tatar-like, the Mazzerians shaved their heads of all save a single tuft of hair, with a most remarkaible effect, since the race was blue of complexion and the pre- vailing color of their hair was red. Mazzeria, at the time of Croft’s incur- sion into the planet’s affairs, was the ac- knowledged ally of Zollaria, although at peace with Tamarizia. In earlier times, however, numbers of them had been taken captive in border wars and brought to both nations as slaves. These, in so far as Tam- arizia was concerned, had later been freed •and given citizenship of a degree consti- tuting in their ranks the lowest or serving caste. Each state was governed by a king, by hereditary succession, in conjunction with a national assembly consisting of a delegate elected by each ten thousand or deckteron of civil population. The occupant of the imperial throne was elected for a period of ten years by vote of the several states. On Croft’s advent, Scythys—a dotard— had been king of Cathur, with his son Kyphallos, tlhe crown prince, a profligate of the worst type, sunk under the charms of Kalamita, a Zollarian adventuress of great beauty, with whom he had plotted the surrender of Cathur to her nation in return for the Tamarizian throne with Kal- amita by his side.JASON, SON OF JASON. 5 Jadgor of Aphur, scenting the danger, had sought to bind the northern prince to Tamarizian fealty through a marriage with Naia, his sister’s child. To win Naia and overthrow Zollaria’s scheme had been Ja- son’s task. The introduction of both the motor and firearms enabled him to over- throw the flower of Zollaria’s ‘hosts on a couple of bloody fields. Victory gained and Zollaria forced to cede Mazhur after fifty years of occupation, Croft prevailed upon the nation to accept a democratic form of government, it being at the end of the Emperor Tamhys’s term. As to the Tamarizians themselves, they were a white and well-formed race. Their women held equal place with men. They believed in the spirit and a future life. They had made no small progress in the sciences and arts. They worked metal, gold being as common as iron on Palos, and cop- per next. They tempered the latter and used it in innumerable ways. They wove fabrics of great beauty, one being a blend of vege- table fiber and spun gold. They cut and polished jewels. They had a system of ju- diciaries and courts and a medical and surgical knowledge of sorts. They were a fairly moral and naturally modest people. Their clothing was worn for protection and ornamentation, rather than for any other purpose., It was donned and doffed as the occasion required, with- out comment being aroused. In women it consisted, rich and poor, of a single garment falling to the knee or just below it, cinc- tured about the body and caught over one shoulder by a jeweled or metal boss, leaving the other shoulder, arm, and upper chest exposed. To this ‘was added sandals of leather, metal, or wood, held to the foot by a toe and instep band and lacings run- ning well up the calves. Men of wealth and soldiers generally wore metal casings, joinited to the sandal to permit of motion and extending upward to the knees. Men of caste wore also a soft shirt or chemise beneath a metal cuirass or embroidered tu- nic. Save on formal occasions the serving classes wore either a narrow cincture about the loins or. discarding even it, went frankly nude. Agriculture was highly developed, and they had advanced far in architecture, painting, sculpture. They lavished much time and expense in (beautifying their homes. They had well-oonstructed caravan roads. As Croft had pointed out, he found them an intelligent race waiting, ready to be trained to a wider craft. And among them, in Naia of Aphur, he believed he had found his twin soul. And he had set about winning her in a fashion such as no other man, I frankly believe, would have dared. He had won her according to his belief and returned to earth, for the ilast time, ere he should return and make her his bride. He had told me about it, and he had cast off his earthly body, severing the last tie that held him from his life in Palos. He had died. He had gone back and found his plans disarranged through the actions of Zud, the high priest at Zitra, the capitol city of Hlranur, where he had left Naia waiting his return in the Temple of Ga, the Eternal Mother—the Eternal Woman, in the Zitran pyramid. Zud, moved by Croft’s works and by a story told him by Abbu, a priest who knew Jason’s story, had proclaimed him Mouthpiece of Zitu, thereby raising an insurmountable barrier, as it seemed, between him and Naia, since celebacy was one of the tenets of the Tamarizian priests. And yet Croft had won to her, overcoming all obstacles, even winning a second war, with all Mazzeria egged on, her armies offi- cered by Zollarians' in disguise this time, ere he gained the goal of his desire. These things had been 'told me inside the last few weeks by No. 27—the man who had been committed to the institution for a dissociation of personality, at Which he quietly laughed after he had obtained my ear; because-he wished to gain contact with me, who knew his former story, and win my aid toward the fulfilment of his mis- sion. Only he wasn’t dead,- and I knew it as I lay there with the names of men and women of the Palosian world buzzing in my head. He had gone back to them, now that his work was ended—to Naia. his golden-haired, purple-eyed mate—to Lak-6 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. kon, her father; to Jadgor, 'her uncle, and Robur his son, governor now of Aphur in the palace where his father, president of the Tamarizian republic, had been king; to Robur, who, like a second Jonathan, had ever been Croft’s loyal assistant and friend, and Gaya his sweet and matronly wife; to Magur, high priest of Himyra, the ruling red city of Aphur, by whom Croft and Naia were betrothed; to Zud himself, to whom he had taught the truth of astral control. And I found myself portraying them as Croft had described them, predicating their thoughts and feelings, as I might have done those of any man or woman I knew on earth. Actually I was projecting my intellect, if not my consciousness, to Palos. The thought came to me. In spirit, if not in perception, I was there for the moment with my friend. In spirit at least I was bridging with little effort billions of actual miles. Thought and spirit and soul. They are strange things. Croft, if I was any judge, had gone bade to Naia—and there was I lying, picturing the scene, where she waited for his coming in their home high in the western mountains of Aphur, given to them by Lakkon, a wedding gift, after the war with Mazzeria was won. Croft had gone back to Palos, and here was I pic- turing the thing in my spirit, as plainly as any earth scene I had ever known. His body would be lying there, covered with soft fabrics, waiting for its tenant on a couch of the wine-red wood such as the Tamarizians used—or perhaps of molded copper. And Naia—the woman who had given him her life, who carried even now his life within her—would be watching, watching for the first stir of his returning, out of her violet purple eyes. Only—I smiled—Croft had told me he could gain Pailos as quickly in the con- sciousness as I could project myself there in my mind—so, by now, that stirring of her strong man’s limbs, beneath the eyes of the fair watcher, had occurred, and once more those two were together. I smiled again. The picture of that reunion appealed. There was nothing else to it at the in- stant. For even in my wildest imaginings I did not in the least suspect what its nearness, its clearness, the vividness of its seeming, might portend. CHAPTER II. THE GATEWAY OF UFE. NO, even though I myself had delved more or less deeply into occult lore, with a resulting knowledge of the subject that had brought about the sym- pathetic understanding of all Croft had told me from first to last, I had little or no con- ception that night of the inward meaning of the distinctness with which I could conjure up the scene of his return to Naia, or to where the ability might lead. Rath- er, I felt merely that through his narrative of her wooing he had built up within my mental cells a picture of the fair girl now his bride, so dear, so positive }n seeming, that to me she appeared no more than a charming personality — a feminine ac- quaintance, such as one might on occasion meet, no more removed, so far as my fed- ings of familiarity with her was concerned, than had her residence been not on Palos, but simply across flie street. It is so easy to bridge distance in the mind. I slept after a time, as one will, drifting from continued thought upon one subject into slumber. And I woke with the thought of Croft’s weird homecoming still in mind. It stayed, with me more or less, too, in the succeeding days. Naia of Aphur! Oddly I dwelt upon her. Jason himself had told me that she knew me—had actually seen me—that he had brought her to earth more than once in -the astral body—had pointed me out to her as the one earth man who knew and be- lieved his story—that she looked upon me as a friend. The thing seemed some way to establish a sort of personal bond, just as the secret Croft and I had kept between us made me feel toward him as I have never felt toward any other man. Jason Croft and Naia of Aphur—'the in- terplanetary lovers. It was certainly odd. I knew her, even though I had never seen her, save through the instrumentality ofJASON, SON OF JASON. 7 his description of iher, and the resultant picture printed on my mind. Yet I could close my eyes at will and see her, slender, golden haired, with her lips of flaming scarlet, and her violet-purple eyes. And I knew htr home. I could lift it into my conscious perception as a familiar scene. I could imagine her moving about it, young, vibrant, happy, alone or with Croft by her side. • I -could fancy her bath- ing in the sun-warmed waters of the private bath in the garden —tlhe gleam of her form against the clear yellow stone of which it was constructed—until she seemed the lit- tle silver fish Croft had called her, disport- ing in a bowl of gold, behind the white, screening, vine-clad walls. Or I could dream of her walking about the grounds, with the giant Canor—the huge, doglike creature she called Hupor, who was at once her pet, her companion, and guard. Dis- tant? Why, she seemed no more distant to me in the days after Croft had gone back to be with her when her time of de- livery was come than some fair maid of earth waiting for the owning of her lover across a dividing wall in an adjacent yard. And yet so blind is the objective mind, that even then I did not suspect I had established a sympathetic chain of interest between the atmosphere of her existence and myself, capable of stretching out to a most peculiar climax in the end. Then, one night something over a month after No. 27 had died and been laid away, I dreamed. I don’t say I thought of it as a dream at the time. Then it was all too seriously, too grippingly, real to seem other than the ac- tual thing. It was only after it was over that I thought of it as a dream—perhaps because, despite the occurrence and all Croft had told me, I was still not fully con- vinced. Later—well, that’s the story. I’ll let it unfold itself. I went to bed that nigjht and fell asleep. How long I slept I do not know. But a voice disturbed my slumbers after a time. At least it disturbed the restful uncon- sciousness of my spirit. To this day I am not sure whether or not my body moved. “ Murray—Murray.” I heard it, dimly at first, but insistent. It kept repeating itself over and over. Beyond doubt some one was demanding my attention. I sought to rouse. “ Murray—in the name of Zitu—and Azil—” I stiffened my attention. It was nothing short of startling to hear those words spoken. Zitu was God in the Tamarizian lan- guage, as I knew, and Azil was the Angel of life—as Ga was the Virgin Mother. Ga and Azil—the mother and the life-bringer —they were the ones to whom the Tamar- izian women most frequently prayed. I gave over my endeavor to waken my sleep- ing body and lay straining the ears of my spirit to the voice. It came again. Whoever the speaker was, he seemed to know he had stirred my con- scious perception. “ Murray—I need your advice—‘your counsel. Naia needs you. It’s life and death, Murray. You told me you would gladly render her assistance as a physician* Murray—will you come?” My spirit staggered. It was most amaz- ing. For now I knew that the speaker was Jason Croft. I knew that he was appealing to me in the name of Zitu and Azil—in the name of motherhood—that he was calling on me as a brother physician, by the oath of my profession—in the name of all that was highest and holiest in life. I knew that Naia’s hour of travail was upon her—and I knew it as clearly, as if the thing were taking place somewhere within a neighboring home on earth. I lay and let the knowledge beat in upon me. I recalled in a flash all he had told me con- cerning medical knowledge on Palos. If some complication in the birth of their child impended, there would be none on that far planet to whom he could turn for aid. He knew more than all tlhe physicians of Palos put together, but— “ Murray! ” the voice repeated. “ Mux-, ray, in the name of God! ” There was a desperate urge—a desperate plaint about it. I reached a decision. I had never married. There was no one de- pendent upon me. With a strange thrill I realized the fact. If I failed to return from8 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. this strangest of calls to which a medical man was ever bidden, if the body of me were not to be revived, I would be little missed. So what did it matter? A man—or most men—surely could die but once; and how better than in performing the duty of a physician, in an endeavor to save other life? I recall now that such thoughts flit- ted swiftly through my brain, and left me ready to dare the venture suggested by Croft’s voice, if thereby I might render an intimate service to him and Naia of Aphur, in spirit if not in the flesh. “ Murray!” Again the agony of a strong man’s ap- peal for all he held dearest in existence. I think the lips of my sleeping material being must have moved at last. Be that as it may, I know I answered: “ Yes.” And I know Croft sensed my acquies- cence, for his response was beating into my consciousness in a flash. “ Then—fix your mind on our home in the western mountains, visualize it, Murray, as I have described irt to you. Will your conscious presence within it. I shall be waiting for you. Call up the scene and demand that our will be granted. Think of nothing else.” Save for the directions for reaching to him, the thing was as real as a telephone message, and the assurance that the hus- band of your patient would be waiting your arrival at his house. But there was about Croft’s promise to await my coming a defi- nite note of conviction in my ability to enoompass our mutual purpose that aided me most materially in what followed, as I now confess. He was so seemingly sure that I would not fail them—that what assistance I could render would be granted—that for the time being it overthrew all doubt of success. Too, I had grown so accustomed to think- ing of Naia of Aphur as a woman—a palpi- tant creature of radiant flesh and blood— that the very reality of her seeming robbed somewhat of its weirdness, its eery quality, the fact that I was albout to respond in the astral body to an urgent medical call. Consciously then I sought to follow Croft’s directions. I fastened my thought on his Aphurian home. 1 strove to exclude everything else from my mind. I brought up the picture of it as a thing at the end of a,distant vista, down which I must pass to attain it, and—all at once that picture moved! I say it moved, because that is how it at first appeared. At all events, it seemed to come toward me with amazing siwiftness. For an instant my comprehension faltered, and then I knew. I knew I (had gained my purpose—that I was astrally out of my body, even though I (had not known the instant when I left it; that I was speeding with incredible rapidity toward the scene into which I had wished to be projected; that darkness was all about me, like an im- penetrable wall; that I was like one in an •infinite, an interminable tunnel, with the lighted picture I had conjured up at the end. Then that too faded, dissolved, lost its comprehensive quality, and gave place to more finite detail, and—I was in a room. But it was not strange. I knew it—recog- nized it instantly, thanks to Croft’s pre- vious words. Its walls were hung with purple hangings shot through with threads of gold. There was a shallow pool of water in its center edged round with white and golden tiles. Beside it on a pedestal of wine-red wood there stood a figure—the form of a man straining upward as for flight, with out- stretched arms and uplifted wings, trans- lucent—formed of a substance not unlike alabaster—the shape of Azil. That too I recognized in a flash, and I seemed to catch my breath. At last I was on Palos! This was Azil, the Angel of Life, before me—poised by the mirror pool in the chamber of Naia of Aphur—ablaze now with the light of many incandescent bulbs in copper sconces against the walls. All this I saw, and 'became conscious that, as well as light, the dhamber was full of life. Naia of Aphur! She lay before me on a copper-molded couch—and as I turned my eyes upon her, her body beneath the cov- erings of silklike fabric which veiled yet hardly concealed it, writhed. She moanedJASON, SON OF JASON. 9 —'the anguish of physical suffering set its mark on her beautiful face. Inside its aureole of golden hair it grew drawn, livid, almost alarmingly white. A woman, of whom two were in attend- ance, wearing the blue garment embroid- ered with a scarlet heart above the left bust—the badge of the nursing craft, as Jason had told me—bent and wiped a dew of pain-wrung perspiration from her fore- head, speaking in soothing accents the words of Which I could not understand. The form of Naia relaxed. She turned her head slightly toward the nurse, and smiled. Yes, smiled. Naia of Aphur smiled out of her anguish in that chamber where Azil watched—Azil, the bringer of life from his mother Ga to the world—and the bravery of it thrilled me. “ Murray!” I whirled, to behold Jason Croft. Rath- er, I seemed to see two Jason Crofts, in- stead of one. One sat in a chair of the same wine-red wood of which the pedestal supporting Azil was formed, in the posture of a man in more than mortal slumber. One floated toward me, ghostlike—a shim- mering, shifting, vaporlike semblance of the other as to physical shape. And it was this second Croft that seemed to speak. I say seemed, because as I recall the episode now I know that communication was in reality by thought transference, al- though it appeared then to readh the un- derstanding in the form of spoken words. It came over me instantly that Jason had purposely assumed the astral condition to welcome me on my arrived. I had been too much occupied with my surroundings until then to give thought to my own possible appearance. But as I put out a hand in answer to his single word of greeting I found it no more than a thin, diaphanous doud. I was even as he was— a neibulous something. Still, that was to be expected. I put it aside and considered the man before me. The features of his astral presence were actually haggard, marked by a suffering plainly mental, yet akin in its way to the lines that contorted Naia of Aphur’s face in a mortal wo. “ Croft, in God’s name what is the trou- ble?” I asked as once more a low sound of smothered anguish came from the couch behind me. Nor do I think I overshot the mark in declaring what followed to have been the most remarkable medical consultation mor- tal man might know. He lost no time in explaining the situation. It wasn’t his way. He gave me at once an exact and scientific understanding of her condition, ending his narration simply: “ Murray, you know how I love her. I faced the thing as long as I could alone. And then—knowing all that depended on me—I became unnerved, and called for you. There was no one else—and you’d said you’d be glad to attend her. Can you blame me now that you see her?” I shook my head in negation, turning it for an instant toward the glorious woman shape on the copper bed. “ Can she see me? Does she know I am here? Can I speak with her?” I questioned. “ She will sense your presence at least,” Croft said. “ I shall revivify my body and draw the chair in which it is sitting close beside the couch. You will sit there, Mur- ray, and I shall tell her you are present, watching, nerving me to my task, before I set to work. She knows I called you, Mur- ray, and now you must help us both. Your brain must use my hands to save her. Come —what do you advise?” I told him as soon as he had brought his almost panting response to an end. His exposition of the problem we faced had made it dreadfully plain. He heard me out and nodded with set lips. “ I-—I’ll do it, Murray,” he said. “ I— I fdt it was the thing, but—without coun- sel—simply on my own judgment, I could not do it. And—'you must coach me. I’ll work in a purely subjective condition. That way, even in the body, I’ll be able to sense the guiding impulse of your brain. God, man, how I need you! Come.” The form beside me vanished. The body in the chair flung up its head and rose. It pushed the chair it had occupied quite to the side of the copper couch, and bent to speak of the woman who lay racked with pain upon it. I followed. I sank into the seat provided. Croft straightened. Naia turned her head directly toward me.10 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. I looked for the first, time into her violet- purple eyes. They were clear, steadfast, flawless as a' perfect amethyst, though darkened by the ordeal through which she was passing—the eyes of a true woman, high-spirited, brave, loyal, and pure. They strained toward me. And suddenly she threw out a perfectly rounded arm, a slender hand, as one who asks for succor. Her lips parted, and once more she smiled, a smile so wistfully yearn- ing that my whole heart answered its ap- peal. This was Xaia of Aphur—wife of my friend Jason Croft. In that instant I felt she was worth all and more than he had dared to win her. This was Naia, the wo- man who months ago had told him that-in the silence of the night she had heard the beating of the wings of Azil, the bringer of new life, because of whch 1 was here now beside her in that holiest of moments in a medical man’s existence, when with hand and brain he waits to welcome a new life’s birth. Her lips moved. Distinctly I heard her speak: “Dr. Murray—good friend of .my be- loved, who tells me of your presence in re- sponse to his appeal for your assistance to us—I bid you welcome to our home. Thrice welcome are you, upon whose coming de- pends, as he tells me also, our future hap- piness together, as well as the life of our child.” She addressed me most surprisingly in English, until I bethought me that Croft had doubtless taught her the tongue, ex- actly as he had taught her so much else: to fly the first airplane on Palos, the control of the astral body itself. Her words moved me oddly.1 I rose to answer: “I am more than happy to be here, Princess Naia, and to bid you be of good cheer, remembering that even now Azil stands close by the gateway of life, in charge of a new-born soul.” And then I sank back, confused. I had spoken wholly on impulse, voicing the in- most emotions of my heart, forgetting my nebulous condition entirely for the instant in the spell of what seemed so real. With a feeling akin to acute annoyance at my inability to speak thus to her directly I resumed my ohair. But even so, it seemed that I had reached her—that in some way akin to that in which Croft had assured me he would be able to fallow my mental direction while working, she had sensed my meaning and intention. Women are intuitive by nature, more susceptible to the waves of a personal or thought vibration. Her lips moved again as I ceased speaking. “ Azil,” she whispered. “ But — that new soul is so long in passing, my friend.” I turned to Croft. “ Come,” I hurled my thought force to- ward him. “ Let us spare her more bodily anguish than must be endured. Let us make an end.” Of what followed I shall say no word. Suffice it to state that Jason Croft labored, grim of lips and pallid of feature; that I sat in that weirdest position of assistance capable of conception; that the lights burned on in that room where the pale form of Azil spread his Wings on the pedestal of wine-red wood; that the eyes of Naia of Aphur widened until they were two dark pools no more than fringed by the purple iris; that the two female at- tendants waited, intent on naught save the catching, the rendering of obedience to each of Croft’s intense though low-pitched words. And then suddenly the man turned to me a face transfigured past anything I had ever pictured—a thread of sound—a wail- ing, trailing vibration—the first note of waking vocal strings, pulsed through the room—and Jason Croft the physician, the father, was kneeling beside that couch of copper, no longer the iron-nerved worker, the laborer for unborn life, but the hus- band, the lover, clasping the slender body of Naia of Aphur in his arms, and shaken by a strong man’s sobs. I turned away my eyes. And then his voice boomed out, strange- ly exalted and triumphant: “ Murray—we win—win, man—thanks to you and—God!” I turned back. Croft spoke to one of the attendants. She crossed to a curtained doorway and lifted the purple draping*.JASON, SON OF JASON. 11 There stole into the room a girl of Mazzer —a graceful creature, for all the strange blue color of her naked skin. Twin braids of ruddy hair fell from her head to her waist. Her figure held all the untrammeled litheness of a panther as she advanced. Across her outstretched arms she bore a pure white doth. Upon it, the child of Jason Croft and Naia of Aphur was placed. She wrapped the fabric about it, cradling it against her firmly budded breasts. She turned to Naia, smiling, sinking down be- side her on her supple rounded thighs. And then—for one brief instant I saw the light of the Madonna flame in those wonderful eyes—the light with which Naia ■the mother looked first on Jason’s—son. Croft addressed me. “ Maia,” he said softly. “ I’ve described her to you before if you remember, Mur- ray. She asked that she might be per- mitted to attend the—the child.” His voice broke. His face was weary, overstrained, worn. I understood. The graceful girl was Naia’s personal attendant —the Mazzerian woman, who had aided her mistress in saving Croft’s life at a time When he was taken captive during the Maz- zerian war. I nodded my comprehension. He bent again as though by irresistible attraotion above the couch where the blue girl still was kneeling, and Naia seemed waiting his undivided attention. Once more I turned my head. It was the holy moment —the hour of realization between man and woman. Through the half-drawn curtains of a window, light stole into the room. It shamed the incandescents in their sconces. A finger of golden glory touched the tips of the upflung wings of Azil. With a start, I realized that the night of anguish was ended—that new life had come into the house of Jason with—the dawn. CHAPTER III. BACK TO EARTH. I WENT toward the curtains and stood looking out between them, removing so far as I could even my invisible presence from the tableau behind me. The attendants were moving about. I heard the soft pad of their gnuppa-hide sandaled feet, the softened tones of their voices. I heard Naia speaking and Croft’s deeply quivering answer, and once more the wail of the child. “ Murray.” Jason was speaking to me. I sensed his touch on my arm. Again he was in astral form. “ Come, while the women perform their task.” My glance shot beyond him to where hi§ physical body was seemingly lost in a leth- argy of exhaustion, once more in the red wood chair. It did more. It fell on Naia. The ray of sunlight had lowered as Sirius had mounted above the eastern horizon. It made her golden tresses seem more than ever an aureole about her face on the pillow —a face grown exquisitely tender, lighted not merely with the sun of morning, but by the inner, the newly ignited glow of mother- hood. I turned from it and followed Croft through the curtained doorway of the cham- ber, onto the balcony, along which one ap- proached the room. He had described it minutely to me, but even so I marveled at it as we stood to- gether, sensing its proportions, its brilliant yet not offensive blendings of yellow and white and red. White was the balcony rail about it, red and yellow the alternating tiles that paved its floors. Red and yellow, too, were the steps of the stairs that mount- ed to the balcony from either end of the court, and red the carven pillars that sup- ported the balcony on a series of arches, between which pure white examples of Pa- losian sculpture showed. Golden were the plates of glass in the roof above us—open mainly now to the air of heaven, that the flowers and plants and shrubs which dotted the unpaved portions of the court beneath us might breathe. And then I think I must have started very much as Croft himself had done the first time he beheld such a sight, as I be- came conscious of a man, blue as the blue girl of Mazzer in the room behind me, wearing upon his shaven poll a single flam- ing tuft of red. Naked he was as Adam in all his stalwart manhood, and he bore a skin equipped with a sprinkling-nozzle upon his back while he sprayed the beds of grow-12 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. ing vegetation—accompanied in his occupa- tion by a slow-stalking beast remarkably like a hound. Croft noted the direction of my glance and manner. “ Mitlos—our majordomo, and Hupor,” he said and smiled. “ Zitu man, when I told you about them, the last thing I dreamed was that some day you should see them.” “ And now?” I returned with a strange inclination to chuckle as I thought that Jason was no longer alone in being the first mortal to reach Palos in the astral presence, even though his potent will had helped me to my present position. “ And now ”— he laughed in a tone of ex- ultation—“ you see not only them, but me, husband of Tamarizia’s most beautiful wo- man, and thanks to you—the father of her child.” “ Nonsense,” I exclaimed, doubly abashed by his praise and my thoughts of a mo- ment before, “ I did nothing—what can a ghost accomplish?” He turned fully toward me. His eyes burned with the strong fire of his spirit. “ I came here even as you are, Murray, and ”—he waved a hand in a comprehen- sive gesture—“ I have accomplished this, and other things besides—yet not so much •that this morning—the most wonderful of all my span of existence, I have either words or deeds in which the assistance your presence within the last few hours gave me, may be repaid.” And no matter how he voiced it, I knew he meant it. The sincerity of his feeling forced itself upon me. “ Let us not speak of payment,” I said —and I confess I felt embarrassed by the value he seemed to place upon what was no more than my agreement with his own valuation of a now favorably passed con- dition. “ As it happens, Croft, my presence here was no more than the granting of an expressed wish.” He nodded. “ The thought is father to the deed—isn’t it, Murray? I thought of that last night. Come—I’ll show you about the place.” Turning he led the way along the bal- cony to one end. We went down the red and yellow stairs. At their foot was a group of sculpture— the figure of a man straining to defend a crouching woman- from the fangs of a rending beast. It was of heroic size and wonderfully perfect detail. I recalled it from Croft’s description of it, and how once he had told Naia that so he would defend her were his right to do so granted. Well— last night I had seen him do it. I had seen him strain body and soul to guard her from the yawning jaws of.death. I said as much. He gave me a glance. “ You’re an odd sort, Murray. You’ve a lot of the symbol- ism, the mysticism of life in your make-up. Come along. Let’s get a breath of the morning air outside.” Once more I followed his lead across the red and yellow court where unknown plants bloomed about us on every side. Mitlos, intent on his duties, knew not of our pass- ing, but Hupor sensed us, I think, and turned his huge head toward us, and stood looking at us out of amber eyes. Then we were outside the arch of a doorway at the head of a flight of pure white steps, on a far-reaching esplanade. On every hand there were mountains, wooded on their sides. The house stood on one side of a natural mountain valley, in the emerald cup of which was a tiny lake, its waters gilded now by the rays of the Dog Star. And winding past it, and off along the flank of the hills in a series of perfect tangents was a wonderfully metaled road. I followed its turnings until I lost them, and my vision found itself baffled by a further reach of the landscape, blan- keted as it seemed beneath a singular dun- colored haze. In its way the scene was not unlike that of a morning on earth. I turned my eyes back to the dim shape of Croft beside me. He'lifted an arm. “Over there is Him- yra,” 'he said, pointing, “ but a ground fog is hiding the desert. If you’ll look off across it, however, you’ll see a silver sort of shimmer. That’s the Central Sea.” Himyra—the capital of Aphur—the Cen- tral Sea. And this was Palos. The weird- ness of the whole adventure came upon me. It was hard to realize. And the sun up there was Sirius and not the sun to which I was accustomed.JASON, SON OF JASON. 13 Abruptly Jason chuckled. “ Murray—do you remember the night my housekeeper thought I had died, and routed you out in a storm, and you came to my house and compelled me to return from Palos by the infernal insistence of your will? Well, tit for tat, old man. That night I did your bidding, but last night I called you here.” “ Quite so,” I assented, smiling. In a way his remark seemed 'to lighten the at- mosphere between us. I caught sight of a rapidly moving object. “ Look there, Croft—there’s one of your motors or some sort of speedy contraption coming up the road.” He glanced down the course of what I could not but agree he had done well at first to compare to the ancient highways of the Romans because of its permanent type of construction. “ Lakkon, by Zitu!” he exclaimed. “ I telephoned him last night, but—I’d forgot- ten all about him. He said he’d drive out the first 'thing in the morning, and he seems to be burning the wind. See here— I’ll have to leave you, Murray, long enough to welcome grandpa, if you don’t mind.” I nodded. Lakkon was Naia’s father. And it was no more than natural surely that he should be hastening to her, especial- ly as she was the old noble’s only child. “ Run along,” I said. “ There’s plenty to look at. I’ll amuse myself.” Then, as an afterthought, I added: “ Only don’t spend too much time with him. I’ve got to be getting out of here, Croft, or some one’s likely to fancy Dr. Murray is dead.” It had just occurred to me that it was morning also on earth and that unless I re- turned to my body, I couldn’t tell what might happen in the institution of which I was the head. Croft understood my meaning as well as I did, too. “ You’re right. I’ll be as brief as pos- sible,” he agreed and vanished, leaving me quite to my own devices. I smiled. If one considered it was rather odd to be telling a man to go get back inside his own body in order to welcome his father-in-law in the flesh—or to contem- plate a return flight across billions of ethe- real miles to accomplish a reunion between my material body and myself. Myself. I took a deep breath of the mountain air— at least, I went through the conscious effort with all the satisfaction of fulfilment. I was myself, really. I felt it, knew it—and I felt a buoyancy, a lightness, such as I had never known before now that the weight, the restraint of the body was re- moved. I stood and watched Lakkon’s motor ar- rive. I saw Croft’s material form stalk forth to meet him at the head of the stairs. I saw Lakkon descend from his car and hurry upward, the strong figure of a man with graying hair, and an expectant light in his beardless face. I marked his dress. It consisted of a tunic of purple, em- broidered with an intricate design in small green stones, skirted, falling to just above the knees, and the metal, ankle-jointed com- bination of graeves and sandals Croft had described, plainly fashioned of gold, and reaching above the bulge of his muscular calves. He met Croft and crashed his flat palm upon his shoulder with an exultant gesture. Croft extended his arm and laid his hand on Lakkon’s shoulder. The two men passed inside. I turned away. There was something vastly formal, vastly ancient, about that greeting—an old world atmosphere—that spoke of age-long custom, despite the throb- bing motor in which the noble had reached the house of his daughter. There was al- most something biblical about it, the thought came to me. They had met and laid their hands on each other’s shoulders— two strong men, and looked into one an- other’s eyes. I knew it the Tamarizian greeting of unfaltering friendship, no more a greeting than a pledge. Well, then, Lakkon had gone to see his daughter. I gave a glance to the driver of his motor-—a chap dressed plainly in blue unembroidered tunic, and copper leg- casings, with a fillet supporting a sun screening drape of purple fabric, about his head. Then I turned and made my way into the garden. It had occurred to me to examine the private bath. I found it, screened behind vine-clad walls, and slipped inside it, past a staggered14 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. entrance wall that screened its gate. It lay before me, a limpid pool in a basin of lemon stone like onyx save that it was neither mottled nor veined. It shimmered in the Sirian ray an oblong of water as brilliant as a bit of polished silver, inside the ex- panse of the enclosure, paved with alternate ing squares of rock-crystal and pure white stone. I stood gazing upon it, recalling that it was here Croft had once met Naia of Aphur—the first time when in defiance of all social custom on Palos, she had yielded him her lips. Then I went back to the front of the house, and seated myself on a carven stone bench. I lifted my eyes to the light-filled heavens. This was Palos—and up there somewhere or down or sidewise—or however you chose to call it—was earth. It was like Omar as to direction when he says: For Is and Is not though with rule and line And Up and Down without, I can define— Anyway, out there somewhere in the void there floated the mundane sphere, where the body of me might even now be exciting consternation among the staff of the hos- pital, where it had moved and held a little prestige in its work. And here was I. Sud- denly there stole over me the sensation that the whole thing was a dream excited by Jason’s stories—a feeling that I ought to rouse myself and get about my business. I rose. I felt all at once restless, vaguely disturbed. I turned and found Jason beside me. “ I was longer than I meant to be, Mur- ray,” he said. “ And, see here—I know you’ll understand me when I tell you it’s past ten o’clock on earth.” I nodded. It was no time for misunder- standing or niceties of speech. More and more I was finding myself filled with a vital urge—to be away from here and about my own affairs. “ To tell the truth, with all respect to your feelings and those of Naia, I was getting impatient of your coming,” I replied. “ She sends you her deepest thanks, and the blessings of Zitu and Ga the Mother,” he responded quickly. “ I know you know how I feel, old fellow. Now fix your mind on your body—and try to open its eyes.” I was ready. I put out a hand and laid it on his shoulder. He replied. We looked into one another’s faces. “ Sometime—you’ll come again,” Croft told me. “ And—now that we’ve estab- lished the astral power, I’ll come to you, Murray—and when I speak you will an- swer. Don’t forget it. Man—mayhap we’ll build Tamarizia up together—at least, I can come to you like this from now on for knowledge—conversation. Can you see where the thing may lead to?” “ Yes,” I said. “ It’s big, Croft—big. But if I don’t get out of here now it may lead a very important part of me to the grave. Make my adieus to Naia. I’d envy you, man, if you weren’t my friend. Now >—do what you can to help me, for I’m go- ing to try a pretty broad jump, as such things are considered.” I closed my eyes. A sound like splintering wood assailed my ears. A blended sound of voices beat upon them. “ Murray—Murray—doctor! ” There was no doubt about it. A very human voice was calling to me—a hand laid hold upon my shoulder—only it wasn’t the hand Jason Croft had laid upon it in farewell. The thing bit into the flesh. It seemed trying to shake me. With an effort I lifted my lids and stared up into the face of a hospital orderly, strained and anxious. I was back on earth. There wasn’t any doubt about it. I was on earth, in my room in the Mental Hos- pital, and in bed. “ Yes,” I said; “ yes.” The man’s breath actually hissed as he let it out. He stammered. “ You’ll excuse us, doctor, but you didn’t show up and you didn’t answer when we rapped—and-— well—we broke in the door at last. It seemed best.” ' , His use of the pronoun arrested my at- tention. I made another effort and sat up. The orderly had fallen back from my bed- side as he spoke, and beyond him I saw a nurse—a woman—not blue-robed like those I had seen in Naia of Aphur’s apartments, but crisply gowned in white—and back of her the door of my own chamber, sagging open with a broken lock.JASON, SON OF JASON. 15 “ It’s all right, Hansen,” I made answer. “ I must have been pretty sound asleep.” There wasn’t anything else to say, any use to attempt a fuller explanation. “ What time is it?” I asked. “ Ten thirty,” said the nurse, consulting a watch on her wrist. “ You’re sure you feel all right, doctor?” “ Perfectly.” I nodded. “ If you’ll with- draw, I’ll get up.” She left the room and Hansen followed. I rose and began to dress. Outside a bril- liant sunlight was visible through my win- dows. It showed me familiar objects. The Palosian landscape had faded. It had been after ten when Jason had come to me, too, as it were, speed a parting guest, and now it was half after ten, and I was back on earth. Well, he had told me the gulf could be bridged by the spirit in a flash. Or had he? I fumbled my way into my garments in a somewhat clumsy fashion. I felt odd. Just what had happened, I asked myself. And it was then that the thing began to seem like a dream to me, really, no matter how vividly real it had seemed while it occurred. Save only for that vividness I think I would have consid- ered it no more than a dream indeed. But dream or not, it continued to go with me through all the familiar routine of the succeeding days. It kept bobbing up, in all its colorful details. I kept recalling that gorgeous chamber in which I had seen, or seemed to see, Naia of Aphur. I could even recall the soft thud of Lakkon’s metal sandals as he mounted toward Jason, wait- ing to welcome him at the top of a flight of pure white stairs. And I could see again that light I had seen in the purple eyes of Naia—that exquisite look of the Madonna, I had seen in the faces of other new-made mothers, and in their eyes. Yes, if it had been a dream instead of an actual occur- rence, it had been very, very real. For the life of me, I couldn’t decide. The mind of me balked no matter what the spirit decreed. As an actual fact, I wanted to believe I was in a somewhat similar position to men I have known, who tried to accept a religion, feeling their salva- tion depended upon it, and yet could not quite compass full acceptance in the end. At the last I settled down to a sort of compromise with myself, based on my recol- lection of Croft’s assertion that he would come to me some time for an astral con- versation, similar to those meetings with Naia he had employed to sway her decision, before he finally won her and that I myself should visit Palos some time again. If those things happened I felt I could give credence without reservation. I did a lot of reading in Croft’s books and waited. But he did not come. A month passed and a little more, ap- proximately such a span of time as they called a Zitran on Palos, where the year was a trifle longer than ours, though divided in similar fashion into twelve periods. I had about settled back into the acceptance of a completely corporeal routine, and then —once more I had word of Jason’s son. “ Murray—Murray,” a voice whispered to me in my slumber. It roused me. I sat up, distinctly con- scious of an intelligent presence in my room. “ Murray—get out of that cloud, and let’s talk,” what seemed a whisper prompted. Something happened. Suddenly I was intensely awake, and I saw—the nebulous form of Jason, seated against the metal rail at the foot of my bed. “ That’s better. How would you like to take another trip to Palos?” he inquired. He smiled as he said it, and I answered in similar fashion,. “ If I can make the round trip a little quicker I wouldn’t mind it. What’s wrong up there now.” “ Nothing’s wrong up there. Every- thing’s all right.” His expression quickened. “ But what happened?” I told him, and he nodded. “ Well, this will be different as you’ll get back before morning. Murray, both Naia and I want very much that you should be present in so far as you can, two nights from now, at the christening of our son.” The christening of his son. The thing thrilled me. It was real then, and not a dream after all. I had really gone to Palos that night over a month ago, and now— Croft had kept his promise. He was here asking me to essay the venture again. “ Of course,” he said as I delayed my.16 'ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. answer in the grip of full realization, “ you’ll see without being seen, but—after it’s over—Naia wants to meet you astrally at least. Will you come?” Naia wanted to meet me. After the thing was over and the others were gone, we three would meet as Croft and I were meet- ing now and establish a personal relation. “ Will I?” I exclaimed. “ Well, rather.” Croft smiled. “ It will be a somewhat brilliant spectacle. You’ll enjoy it,” he declared. We talked for an hour after that, before he vanished, and 1 found myself sitting bolt upright in bed, staring into the darkness and filled with the firm conviction that on the second night from this I would witness the Christening of Jason’s son. CHAPTER IV. THE CHRISTENING. THAT conviction went with me during the two succeeding days and it was with the positive expectation of its fulfillment that I locked myself in my room and stretched myself out on my bed the second night. I lay there and fixed my mind on the home of Lakkon in Himyra—the great red city of Aphur, where Croft had said the ceremony would occur. I pictured it even as I had pictured Jason’s home in the moun- tains, its splendid court paved with the purest of rock-crystal, he had fancied glass when first he saw it, its circling balcony reached at either end of the court by yellow onyxlike stairs. I focused eveiy vestige of my will on reaching to it, and—suddenly—it seemed that I heard Croft calling me just as he had said he would do; the sense of light- ness, of untrammeled freedom I had ex- perienced on the other occasion came upon me—and—I was there. Light, color. They were all around me. The flawless crystal of the floor caught the radiance from the lights above them in a million facets, broke it into a myriad flashing pin-points of refraction until the whole, vast court seemed paved with a shimmering iridescent carpet. White was the balcony about it, and the pillars on which it was supported, and the gleaming bits of sculpture between. And the shrubs, the banks and hedges of vegetation, in the unpaved beds of the court were green, save that they were blooming, loaded down with flowers everywhere. Tables a-glitter with gold and glass stretched down the central portion of the sparkling pavement in the form of three sides of a rectangle, with a purple-draped dais at the closed end. Guests thronged the vast apartment, seated on chairs of wine-red wood or reclining on couches in- terspersed among the beds of flowering vegetation. Nodding plumes of every hue and shade graced the heads of the women. Of every grade of richness were their jewel- embroidered robes. Nor were their men- folk any whit behind them in. the lavish ornamentation their tunics or metal cuiras- ses displayed.	• Men and women, they were like birds of brilliant plumage, and as the lights struck down upon them, save for the gleam of the bared arms and shoulders and upper busts of the women, the glint of their fair limbs through the intricate slashings of their leg- casings and sandals of softest leathers, the rose tint of their knees, they blazed. A babble of voices—the rhythm of music from concealed harps, was in the room. I in- dulged in a single comprehensive glance and looked about for my hosts. But I did not find them anywhere among their guests. Nor did Jason appear to greet me, though that I did not expect. We had arranged between us that he should summon me just before the ceremony occurred, and that we would meet only after the depar- ture of the guests. Hence, failing to sight either Croft or Naia or even Lakkon, I made shift for myself. A trumpet blared with a softened tongue. I became aware of a page in purple gar- ments, standing with the instrument at his lips, on the topmost tread of one of the flights of yellow stairs. The thrum of the hidden harps quick- ened. The assembled company rose. They stood and faced the stairway where now, something in the nature of a ceremonial procession show 1	AJASON, SON OF JASON. 17 Xaia and Croft came first, Naia in white from the tips of her slender sandals to the feathers that nodded from a fillet of shim- mering diamondlike jewels in the masses of Her golden hair. Croft led her downward by the fingers of her bared left arm. He was in all his formal harness, golden cui- rass, on the breast of which glowed the cros^ ansata and the wings of Azil in azure stones—golden graeves and sandals gem- incrusted, golden helmet supporting azure plumes. And after them came Maia, the blue girl of Mazzer, bearing on a purple cushion, the child. Lakkon followed, walking side by side with a man, stalwart, grizzled, strong-faced, clad in a cuirass of silver, rarest of all Tamarizian metals, wearing the circle and cross of Zitra, the capital city of the nation, done in more of the d&mondlike stones upon his armor.. Jadgor, I thought; Jadgor. president of the Tamarizian republic, recognizing him from Croft’s former descriptions and the quality of his dress. Behind them, azure-clad—the cross an- sata on his breast, a flame of vivid scarlet gems—stalked a man, white-haired and most benign of appearance, in company with a second, more stalwart, also in azure robes. They carried staves tipped with the looped cross and were followed by a boy support- ing a tray of silver, on which were two silver flasks and a tiny, blazing lamp. A man with a cuirass, on which showed a rayed sun, and wearing plumes of scarlet, and a woman, scarlet-robed, with the same ruddy feathers above her soft brown hair, brought up the rear. Zud and Magur, and a temple boy, Ro- bur and Gaya, his wife—high priest of Zitra and his deputy of Himyra, governor of Aphur and his consort, I named them to myself. While the company kept silent and the harps filled all the air with a sort of tri- umphant paean, the little procession ad- vanced. It reached the foot of the stairs and crossed to the dais, mounted its steps. It formed itself in a shimmering semicircle, Croft and Naia—arid Maia kneeling before them in the center—the others on either 2	A side, and before them the boy of the tem- ple and the two priests. Him I named Zud, because of his bearing - and his mane of snowy hair, raised his stave. The music died. Silence came down for a moment, and then the voice of Magur rose: “ Hail Zitu, giver of life, and Ga, through whom life is given, and Azil, bringer of life, we are met together that a name may be given unto this new soul, thou hast seen fit to assign to the flesh. “ Greetings to you, Naia, daughter of Ga, and to you, Jason, Hupor, named Mouthpiece of Zitu among men through whose union Zitu and Ga have expressed their will that life shall remain eternal, renewing its fire from generation unto gen- eration, in the name of love. Is it your will that a name be given this, thy child?” “ Aye, priest of Zitu.” Naia and Jason inclined their heads. “ And how call you it between your- selves?” “ Jason, son of Jason,” came Croft’s voice. “ Then present him unto Zud, high priest of Zitu, that he may receive Zitu’s blessing at his hands,” Magur said. The blue girl of Mazzer raised the cush- ion in her arms with the child upon it. The temple boy advanced his silver tray, and knelt. Zud uncorked the silver flasks. “ Jason, son of Jason, in the name of Zitu, the father, and Ga, the mother, and Azil, the son, I baptize thee with wine and with water and light,” he began. Moisten- ing his fingers .from one of the two flasks, he went on. “ With wine I baptize thee, which, like the blood, invigorates the body, and strengthens the heart and makes quick the brain.” Bending, he touched the child on the forehead, poured water from the other flask into his palm and continued, “ I baptise you with water which nourisheth all life, purifies all with which it comes in contact, makes all things clean.” He paused and sprinkled the glowing little body before him, took up the light and a tiny bit of silver I had not noted before and threw into the little face a golden re- flected beam. “ With light I baptize thee Jason, Son of Jason, since by the will of18 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. Zitu it is the light of the spirit which fills the chambers of the brain. May that light be with thee ever and forever, nor be ab- sent from thee again.” Of course I didn’t understand it. It was only afterward When Croft had translated it to me that its inward meaning was plain, but the solemnity of the ritual, the rhythm of well-balanced words, the quiet attention of the assembled guests and the reverent voice of the priest affected me, who stood unseen with the company on the dais, as he baptized Jason’s son. And then he took the cushion from the kneeling girl of Mazzer and lifted it, turn- ing to face the brilliant assemblage. “ Jason, Son of Jason,” he cried, holding the infant toward them. “ Hail, Jason, Son of Jason,” the guests responded like a well-drilled chorus, and the thing was done. Followed a feast, similar I fancied in every detail to those Croft had told me he had witnessed at first and been privileged later to attend. Men and women reclined at the tables on padded divans. Blue servi- tors moved about, filling the golden and crystal goblets with wine, loading the golden plates with food. Once more the harps broke forth. And suddenly from under the farther yellow stairway there broke a band of maidens, clad in garlands of woven flow- ers, and danced to the music of tihe harps, with a waving of slender arms, a bending of supple, unrestrained bodies, a flashing of whitely rounded limbs. With dances and music the feast ran to an end. The guests departed, last of them accord- ing to Tamarizian custom Jadgor, president of the Republic, the guest of honor, and with him Gaya and her husband Robur, governor of Aphur and Jadgor’s son. Naia took the child into her arms from the hands of its Mazzerian attendant. She and Jason moved toward the stairs. I knew that the hour I had waited had come. I followed up the stairway and along the balcony and to a room—hung here in golden tissues, furnished with wine-red woods and twin couches of molded copper—with the mirror pool in its center and once more the figure of Azil close beside it as in Jason’s home. Naia placed the child on a tiny couch and covered its sleeping form with a bit of silken fabric. She turned to Jason, her blue eyes shining. He drew her into his arms and held her, smiling. “ There is yet one guest, beloved,” he said in English. “ Aye,” she responded softly; “ but— one who understands the heart both of the wife, and the mother of Jason’s son.” “ And awaits a welcome from her,” said Jason. “ Come, beloved.” He led her to one of the copper couches and sat down with an arm about her white-sheathed form. From it there crept a lovely thing—an exact replica of it—the very essence of it, as indeed it was and seemed, as the lights in the chamber flooded down upon it. And that shape stretched out its slender hands. It swayed toward me, with Croft’s astral presence close behind it. “ At last,” said Naia of Aphur, “ I may welcome you, Dr. Murray, as mine and Jason’s friend.” “ At last, I may converse with Naia of Aphur, and thrill with the glory of her—a thing I have long desired,” I replied, and took her shadowy hand and raised it to my none less shadowy lips, yet with a distinct sensation of the contact none the less. She smiled, and glanced at Jason. “ Be- loved, are all the men of earth so court- ly? It was even so if you remember that you met me first in the flesh.” Croft chuckled. “ Life is much the same on earth or Palos,” he made answer. “ Well, Murray, what do you think of Palosian life?” “ Babylonian,” I said. “ You were right in the simile beyond question. I was think- ing to-night when I watched it that it was almost a pity in one way you should be changing it all with your innovations.” He nodded. “ In a way I’ve thought as much myself. I get your meaning. But I’m going to try and preserve it at least in part.” “ Babylonian?” said Naia in a tone of question. Jason and I explained, and she heard us out. “ Oh, but—things must change, must they not, Dr. Murray?—and the commonJASON, SON OF JASON. 19 people will be so much happier for the knowledge Jason brings to Palos. And even I—think where I and my child would be now save for the knowledge possessed by a man of earth. It is to you and Jason that we owe our lives. Think you not that I carry your name to Ga and Azil in my prayers—that I have wished to meet you in order to express my thanks myself?” Her words gave me a feeling of some- thing like exaltation, even while in a way they embarrassed. “ I, too,” I faltered, “ am very glad of the meeting, to be able to assure you that it was my happiness to serve you, and to wish you and Jason the happiness of each other, and your son a long and useful life.” She glanced toward the tiny couch and back again smiling. “ Life,” she said softly. “ It is so wonderful to hold him—to realize that his life is but the blending of ^Jason’s and mine. Sometimes I even think that I understand in a measure what Ga must feel as she guards the eternal fire.” And what is one going to say to a wife and mother when she talks like that? I know I mumbled something to the effect that what Ga probably felt was an all com- pelling compassion and love. And then I asked Croft to translate the words of the baptismal ceremony as voiced by Magur and Zud the high priest. He complied and I questioned him of Jadgor and Gaya and Robur, confirming my recognition of Naia’s relatives and his friends. Conversation became general for something like an hour, and then Jason prompted. “ Beloved, shall we accompany Murray somewhat—show him Himyra in passing when he returns?” “ Aye, as you like,” she assented. “ And he must come to us again. Now that our need has rendered possible such communion it will not be necessary for you to seek earth in the flesh when you need additional knowledge, or leave me overly long again.” Croft nodded. “ Yes, Murray is going to have his hand in Tamarizian affairs from now. on, and the boy there will know more than any man ever born on Palos in the end. Well, Murray, want to see Himyra?” “ I’ve always wanted to see it since you told me about it first,” I assented. “ Then come along.” “ But,” I added as he led the way with Naia through one of the open windows of the chamber, “ I never expected to see it exactly like this.” Naia turned her eyes and smiled as we floated free of the house and upward under Croft’s guiding will. “ Dear friend,” she said, “ you know so much of us that to me it does not seem strange to find you one of us at last.” “ Behold Himyra,” said Croft, and flung out a shadowy arm. The city lay beneath us. I saw the double row of lights that fringed the flood of the Na, the mighty pyramid of Zitu, upreared against the skyline, black now in- stead of red, save where the lights threw ruddy splashes upon it, banded with white at the apex with the pure white temple of Zitu upon its truncated top—the long line of the houses of the nobles of the old regime, fronting a wide street at the top of the river embankment in an amazing vista, set down each in its private grounds among night-darkened shrubs and trees, the wide- flung palace of the governor of Aphur, once the palace of Jadgor, Aphur’s king. The thing swam a shimmering vision before me under the light of the Palosian moons. I strained my eyes and saw the mighty sweep of Himyra’s shadowy walls. It-moved me oddly. Already I knew so much of the city’s history as involved in Croft’s romance. I turned my eyes. “ Himyra,” I said, “ I shall not forget it —nor Naia of Aphur, nor Jason, mouth- piece of Zitu, nor Jason, Jason’s son. Zitu guard you, my friends. I must be going.” “ Zitu guard thee,” Naia answered. And suddenly I was back in my own room, remembering her parting smile. These things have I narrated in order to show how there was built up between Croft and Naia of Aphur, his mate, and myself, a subtly intimate relation that must, as I hope, make what followed plain. Life went on pretty much with me after that for some further eight months, how- ever, before the events I intend to relate occurred. Now and then during the inter- val Jason Croft came to me in the astral presence, and on several occasions I sue-20 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. ceeded by my own endeavors in visiting him and Naia in their home. Between them they taught me somewhat of the Tamarizian tongue, Croft explaining that as all life was the same in reality, and the thought back of the word similar in intent even though the word itself might vary in sound, all languages were really one in thought and purpose. With that as a key, I soon discovered that the spoken words of those about me were not difficult for one in the astral condition to under- stand—that the vibrations of their thought affected the astral shell in a manner that made their meaning plain. I suggested to Croft that it was because of that very thing he had so readily appre- hended the speech of Tamarizia when he first projected himself to Palos and came down outside Himyra’s walls, rather than because of the similarity of their speech to the Sanscrit, now nearly a forgotten tongue on earth, and he nodded and smiled. “ Exactly, Murray,” he agreed, “ but then I didn’t realize it altogether, and—” He broke off and glanced at his wife. “ And you had something else to think about,” I said, grinning as I recalled how he had seen Naia thait first morning and followed her to Lakkon’s house, drinking •in her beauty. “ It’s true I wasn’t very logical in my considerations the first time I heard the language,” he replied, and Naia of Aphur dropped her eyes.. The inner fires of her spirit seemed to quicken. I think she would have blushed had she been in the flesh in- stead of sitting there with us like an in- expressibly lovely wraith. So at least in those months I acquired a fair understanding of their speech, and I came more and more to regard their home in the western mountains of Aphur, across the desert from Himyra, on Palos, with the same intimacy of feeling I might have ex- perienced for the home of two friends of earth. My conversations with Jason came more and more to resemble consultations on modern affairs. He asked me constantly concerning this and that fresh progress in mundane matters. He discussed with me his plans for improving material and social conditions on Palos. He had already es- tablished a series of public schools for the masses where, before his arrival, education of a sort had been provided only for the nobles and men of wealth. Plainly the man was planning to do more where he had already done so much. He had given them moturs—as they called them—airplanes, electricity, printing, telephones of short radius at least, weapons by which Zollaria’s schemes had been overthrown. And now he planned to lead them toward higher stand- ards of national and commercial and indi- vidual life. And but for what occurred there is no telling what, working together as we were at the time, we might have ac- complished. Indeed Croft had established both wire- less and telegraphic communication between Zitra and Himyra, and was planning rail- ways on which he intended to run motur- driven trains—was dreaming of a great belt, line about the Central Sea, with lateral branches to reach every part of the nation. And then—one night he called me to him as he had called me the night of Jason’s birth—and I found him in the selfsame chamber, with the purple draperies half tom down and trampled—the fair form of Azil drowned in the mirror pool, beside which the dead body of Mitlos the Maz- zerian majordomo lay sprawled. (To be continued NEXT WEEK.) tr t? tx THE TRIUMPH OF SPRING ’1V/IID the green boughs that interlace I see a matchless form and face, With deep-blue eyes and sun-bright hair— Spring, the coy maid, forever fair, Whose roguish yet defiant glance Defeats old Winter’s last advance! William H. Hayne.Harold L&itvb TWO black rocks rising out of the sea. And the sea, here on the under side of the world, is never still. Nor is the wind ever still; and seldom does the sun—far to the north—break through the gray clouds. These two rocks are the Evangelistas. They are the twin evil sentinels at the Pacific entrance olJNlagellan Strait down at the bottom of South America. To the east of the Evangelistas, close at* hand, are the rocky islands that fringe Magellan Strait. To the west, the Pacific. The sea is gray, the fogs are gray. The gray curtain of rain shuts in the Evangelis- tas and the lighthouse that stands on one of the rocks. When food is brought to the keepers of the light it is hauled up by a rope when the weather is fair and a whaleboat can approach the rock. Once the vessel bring- ing supplies to the Evangelistas waited forty days for fair weather. So you understand that the Evangelistas are very much like a prison and the keepers of the light are the prisoners. “ The Good Book says,” John Bruce re- peats, “ that God, when He made the world, separated the water from the land; but when He did that He must have forgot Tierra del Fuego.” It was the holiday season in the upper world—which means late spring in Magel- lan Strait—when Dave Thornton, citizen of New York City, approached the bar in one of the water-front saloons of Punta Arenas. Punta Arenas, sometimes called the Jumping Off Place, was enjoying its holiday season. It was carnival time> A dancing floor had been installed in the saloon; a phonograph jangled merrily. There were two reasons for celebration in Punta Arenas. The gold fever was run- ning high; conquistadors- had washed the metal by hand from the coastal barranca, and found it rich indeed. This had brought Dave Thornton to Punta. Also, a party of Norwegian scientists had come to study the strait. Women, hearing of the gold fever, had come hastily by steamer from Buenos Aires and Valparaiso. These wo- men were mestizos, for the most part; but many were half-castes of Paris and Rio, handsome women, well dressed, for Punta had its rich men. Some of them had been on the steamer that brought Dave Thomton and the cele- brated Norwegians; they had not looked at him, except perhaps curiously. For one thing, he was palpably penniless; and in his sharp, young face was the wisdom of the world that lives by its wits. “ I want,” said Dave Thornton to the negro behind the bar, “one job, Smoke. Know of any?” A Jamaica black has a sense of dignity22 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. and is not accustomed to being addressed as Smoke. “ Hi sye,” retorted the negro shrilly, “ what a little man hit is, to be sure!” Sheer surprise held Thornton’s resent- •men in abeyance. As a stowaway on a British freighter he had come into conflict with unknown types; but he had never heard a negro talk like a Cockney. “ If you’re twins,” he grinned, “ where’s the other one?” The barkeep was not much older than Dave. “ Hi’m a Jamaica gentleman, sah!” A negro would always rather chuckle than quarrel. A glance into Dave’s alert, gray eyes rendered the black prudent. He smiled back, and before the evening was far advanced the two were friends. Jamaica admitted that jobs were plentiful, and Dave had visions of becoming personal assistant to a conquistador at one of the claims. Contemptuously the young American surveyed the mob of Chinamen, Italians, P<jles, and Kanakas, and the violently 'painted mestizos in the^ place. These folk were not what he sought; yet the night was passing, and he had urgent need of a bed. At this point Dave perceived a rear room and, through half-drawn curtains, four men seated about a table. Money was stacked on the table. Dave walked to the door, and as he did so the barkeep, who was busy for the mo- ment, called to him sharply. But the boy stepped noiselessly inside; straightway three of the four looked up. Dave recog- nized the glance. He had often indulged in craps in vacant lots of a Sunday. Yet there was no law against gambling in Punta. In fact, there were veiy few laws at all in those days. A man’s past was his own affair. Dave’s lean face was wistful and guile- less. So two of the four poker-players did not suspect that the boy who watched them from a near-by box had noticed that they dealt often from the bottom of the pack. He was far too wise to comment on this fact. Once he had spoken unwisely dur- ing a fo’c’s’le game, and had limped for a week from a lascar’s knife-thrust. Dave duly noted that- the two—Spiggotty swells, he classified the colorfully dressed, dark- faced Chileans—who dealt from the bottom of the pack were winning. They answered to the names of Manuel and Pedro. One of the others, an Englishman with a turkey- red face, who was addressed politely as Senor Juan, was deeper in drink and was fast losing the pile of tiny gold nuggets that had been in front of him. It was the fourth man who spoke to Dave. “ You are looking for a job? You said so, yes?” Dave surveyed him. He was Dom Cal- buco, an elderly Portuguese. He had friendly black eyes and well-kept hands. His careless play showed that it meant little to him to lose. Dave reflected that Calbuco must have heard him talking to the barkeep. “ Maybe,” he admitted. “ I’d like to get out to the gold fields.” Calbuco tossed, faces down, three queens into the discard. Now, Dave had seen that Senor Juan, the Englishman, who took the pot, had held a lonely pair of tens. It struck him as curious; but his mind was intent on Calbuco’s offer. “ Certainly,” the Portuguese agreed. I need a watchman—a guard. I will pay well.” His black eyes scanned the young American appraisingly. “ Ten pounds a month, when your job is ended. You can handle a revolver. You have one,,yes?” Dave carried an old Colt that he had bought after the painful experience with the lascar’s knife. He had been raised among the gangs of the lower West Side, in New York, and fighting had been per- force a part of bis education. So it was agreed that Dave was to work for Calbuco for one month. For this he was to receive fifty dollars, gold. He would leave Punta on a coastal steamer for the place on the morrow at sunup. Meanwhile he could sleep on the vessel. ' “ You’re sure it’s out on a mining claim, Mr. Calbuco?” he insisted warily. Calbuco smiled indulgently. ' “ A landmark, Thornton. Every one in the strait is bound for it.” When the game broke up the three oth- ers went out, Calbuco nodding cordially toTHE JUMPING-OFF PLACE. 23 Dave; but Mr. John remained slumped in his chair. He had lost a good deal to the two Chileans, and Calbuco had advanced him some money to make his settlement. Dave glanced around cautiously and shook him by the shoulder. “ Say, you. Those two Spiggotties was dealing off the bottom of the pack. Get me? Watch your step next time.” Mr. John yawned and opened haggard, bloodshot eyes. His thin face was furtive, yet not bad-looking. “ My friends, my lad,” he murmured. “Help me home, will you? Much obliged.” He smiled good-naturedly and tapped his head. “ A fortune there, you know. Mus’ be careful.” Gripping Dave’s shoulder, he walked through the saloon tolerably stead- ily. The boy looked for the Jamaica bar- keep, thinking to question him concerning Calbuco and his affairs. But the negro had been relieved and was no longer in the jMace. “ What sort of a guy is this Calbuco?” inquired Dave of his new companion as they passed out into the rain. “ Guy? Oh, a decent sort, a bit of all right.” , Mr. John’s voice was husky. Dave guessed that he was a sheep-herder or per- haps a prospector, an educated man, now down on his luck. “ Calbuco’s shipping magnate—dragnet, that’s the word. Hires men like a reg’lar dragnet.” He stopped in the mud of a street-crossing and scowled as if trying to focus his mind on something. “ If he’s hired you—may be dangerous, no end.” Dave did not mind that especially. Twenty-two years of hard knocks had not altogether quenched his desire for adven- ture. The two avoided a drenched police offi- cer huddled in his cloak under one of the dim lamp-posts. Passing a small hotel on the shore, they saw the Norwegian ex- plorers busied about their luggage on the veranda, heedless of the music and uproar of the saloons and the quieter revelry in the plaza and at the one club in Punta. He was startled when they reached the door of Mr. John’s shanty to see the door flung open and the dark face of an Indian peering at them. Dave’s reaction was a swift move toward his revolver. Quickly as he acted, the figure at the door had darted aside and merged into the night before he could speak. “ Looks like a second-story man to me,” he muttered; “ only there ain’t any second story.” Mr. John was peering after the fleeing form. Dave heard him chuckle. “ Thou- sands of pounds right here in my head. That’s what he missed. Mus’ be care- ful—” He stepped inside the shanty, and Dave heard clumsy fingers barring the door. “ Guess he’s all right’ now,” considered the boy, turning back toward the docks and his new ship. All told, he had passed an interesting evening. He had seen a poker-player—Calbuco—lay down a win- ning hand for no apparent reason. And he had seen another poker-player—Mr. John —'borrow money to square his reckoning and at the same time carry what he called a fortune about 'with him. As for the In- dian'—a Patagonian thief was commonplace enough. Some days later Dave was surprised to perceive that his new job was to be on an island at the western end of the strait. At least so it seemed to him. A whaleboat from the steamer rowed in to an immense black rock in mid-channel, and supplies from the boat were hauled up to the top of the rock by a long rope. Then Dave was hauled up. “ I’ll try anything once,” muttered Dave, when the Portuguese bosun failed to answer his question as to what was on the top of the rock. So, gripping a note from Cal-. buco, the boy was hoisted to the Evangelis- tas and the tender mercies of the keeper of the light. Dave was quick of wit. Scarcely had he surveyed the top of the rock When he yelled for the whaleboat to come badk. The sailors grinned up at him. The two keep- ers hardly looked at him as they checked off the supplies. For the next month his domicile was sev- eral hundred yards of dank cliff-top, over- grown with moss, and a single bare cabu24 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. that he shared with two Chileans, the keep- ers, who could not speak English, and who read the note from Calbuco with a grim smile. The note said Dave was to be kept indefi- nitely. “ Calbuco was right,” thought Dave. “ This is a landmark, and ’most every ship in the strait heads for it, one way or the other. Guess I’m shanghaied all right.” Before the first few days of the month had passed he saw why it was necessary to use strong measures to induce helpers to serve on the Evangelistas. There was no boat attached to the light, because there was no place to moor a boat. The head keeper had a scrofulous disease; the other Chilean was suffering from mel- ancholia, and deaf. He seldom heard a word spoken. In order to escape beatings he made the best of the matter, and worked for the two. In the first month he counted five clear days. For the rest, fog, rain, and hail, and always wind. Sometimes the spray filled the air so that he could hardly breathe outside the house. By persistent ques- tioning he found that he was expected to serve indefinitely, as the deaf Chilean was “ sick.” Also that vessels called irregularly every two or three months—no oftener. In the fog he could hear the sirens of passing craft and on a clear day could glimpse an occasional coaster or lime- juicer slouching along. These, naturally, gave the Evangelfetas a wide berth. Dave set his jaw and waited, perched on the platform by the light. The cold ate into his slim body, and the desolation worked on his mind. . ’ “ And the dirty, sneaking heathens un- limbered my artillery,” he muttered to him- self. His revolver had been deftly removed in the whaleboat when he started to climb the rope to the cliff-top. He knew that he would be given no op- portunity to leave the Evangelistas When the next supply-boat came. And that might be two months. So Dave waited for three things—clear weather, an English or American vessel, and daylight. Meanwhile She thought about benevolent Calbuco, and the way that the Portuguese had tricked him. These three things never happened as he hoped. But at the end of five weeks he saw the schooner. It was a dirty-looking craft mov- ing down the coast toward the strait, half visible in the brief twilight. Within half an hour of sighting the ves- sel and marking its course Dave had de- scended ostentatiously into the cabin where the two keepers sat smoking, and had slipped out when darkness closed in. He had reached the edge of the rock and clam- bered down as far as there was foothold. Overhead the beam of the light shot out against the black sky. Dave strained his eyes until he could make out the lights of the schooner; then he stripped off coat and shoes and jumped —as he had often jumped from the iron piers of the lower West Side, when swim- ming in the Hudson. Hal fnway to the schooner he was ex- hausted. But his shouts had attracted at- tention. A boat put out. Dave told the Chilean captain that he had drifted out of the strait in a whaleboat and lapsed into unconsciousness. This was because he had no desire to be questioned further. He was lying on the after-deck at the time, a lantern beside him, and from under his eyelids he saw a strange thing. A child stood talking to the skipper, a young girl in a gray cloak of a kind that seemed vaguely familiar to Dave. She bent over him until a strand of long, black hair touched his throat. Her face seemed the hue of gold, and her eyes were black as the night itself. Dave could feel her breath warm against his cheek. That was how he met Senorita Clara. He learned her name the next day, also that she was a passenger on the Chilote, bound for Punta. When the skipper would have set him to waiting on table Dave re- belled, vowing to himself that he would work for no more Chileans. Aloud he said: “ I’m Senor Calbuco’s huilUche. You sabe that, capataz mio?”THE JUMPING-OFF PLACE. 25 The Spanish language was nearly a closed book to the boy, but he possessed the gift of making himself understood as well as making friends. “I am going to Senor Calbuco’s house,” observed the young girl in good English as the skipper turned away with a shrug. Dave surveyed her voluminous gray gar- ments, her delicate olive face and dark eyes, and wondered if she were not Cal- buco’s daughter. Having leisure ’now for conversation and some one to talk to, he questioned her as the two snatched a brief blessing of sunlight on the poop-deck. And he learned the reason for her somber dress and her invincible shyness that would not let her talk with him unless the captain was near by. Clara was not quite seventeen. She had been left by her father in a Catholic semi- nary for four years, up the coast at Ancud. Now her father had sent for her, and she had been put in charge of the captain, a good Catholic. Her mother, a Spaniard, had been dead for many years. Had Dave seen her father in Punta? “ Sure, I saw him.” “ He is a very fine man. He has become rich.” “ That’s what I heard,” admitted Dave. His quarrel was not with the daughter of Calbuco, if Clara was Calbuco’s daughter. She smiled and showed him the letter she had received. It had oome at Christmas, she said, when she had been very lonely. Reluctantly Dave glanced at the mis- sive. Dearest Clara: I have made arrangements with our friends in Ancud for you to come to Punta. We can leave Punta very soon because I have made a fortune for you. Then we will go home. I have located a claim that I have Called after your mother—the Isabella. It is so rich that gold can be washed by hand on the barranca —but you do not understand such things. I am living now in a big white house on the plaza that you will like. The name signed to the letter was Senor Juan. On the envelope Dave saw an inscription: From John Bruce, Cuerpo de Bomberos, Punta Arenas. “ Is your father an Englishman?” asked Dave. “ Ain’t he got gray eyes?” And he added: “ Why are you going to Calbu- co’s?” “ That is where my father is staying, with his friend Senor Calbuco.” It was all quite clear. Brace had left his daughter with the nuns at Ancud while he tried his luck in Punta at sheep-herding or prospecting. He had been carrying in his head the secret of the location of the mining claim, the Isabella, that was so rich in gold, when Dave had encountered him. -And Calbuco was Bruce’s friend. But the Portuguese was by no means Dave’s friend. During the slow run along the tide-beset strait, between barren mountains, Clara spent much of her time on deck watching the circling condors, and the distant snovv- peaks. She smiled at everything and every one, including Dave. The boy was even more shy than she, until the girl persuaded him to tell her about the great city of New York, where the haciendas were like the cliffs of Magel- lan and a railroad ran on a bridge through the streets. Dave was homesick for the rattle of the Elevated at Chatham Square. She confided in him that John Brace had wandered with her after the death of her mother to Bermuda and Valparaiso, and that they had been very poor. One morn- ing she threw him a kiss, and the boy’s heart swelled in his chest. “ She’s, a good-looker, all right,” he thought, “ even if she is part dago.” And he took Clara Bruce into the select circle of his friends, to be admired and fought for. Clara had assured him that John Brace would meet her at the jetty at Punta. But Dave, peering from the break of the poop when they reached the jetty, saw that a large woman with a velvet hat and expen- sive furs approached the girl on the dock, and took her to a waiting carriage. The woman, the captain of the schooner in- formed him, was the wife of Senor Cal- buco. Whereupon Dave shadowed the carriage through the few streets of the town to a granite house fronting the central plaza.26 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. Then he trotted back to the saloon where his Jamaica friend was to be found. “ You got a gun?” he whispered. “Lend it to me.” “ Hindeed not,” returned the barkeep. • “ Listen, Jamaica,” wheedled Dave, “ I got to have a gun. I’ll pay you ten dollars for it.” “ ’Ave you the ten dollars, Hamurrica?” grinned the black. And as Dave assured him that the money would be forthcoming within two days he grinned the more. “ Ow did ye get hoff the Evangelistas?” Jamaica’s conscience had troubled him. He had meant to warn Dave to steer clear of Calbuco, but he had not been able to find him. Calbuco, the black admitted, was a fish- hawk—the kind of hawk that waited until a patient sea-bird had secured a fish, and then bullied its victim into giving up the prize. So Jamaica confided under his breath, adding that Calbuco had been driv: en out of Rio not so long ago. i “Look here!” demanded Dave. “Tell me, where’s John Bruce?” The Jamaican polished a tumbler in si- lence and glanced warily at the saloon door. Conflicting emotions crossed his ebony face. “ 'E’s gom awye. Been gorn a week.” Dave shook his head. “ Nix. He was waiting for his girl. He’s in Punta, and I’ve got to find him.” “ You won’t find ’im. Hi sye, don’t ye know when ye’re bloomink well ^>ff? Take my word for hit—leave the bleeding place on the P. S. N. C. steamer, with the Nor- wegians, my lad.” The negro’s voice dwin- dled to a shrill whisper. “ Calbuco hain’t gom on yer looks. ’E don’t like to be spied on when ’e’s at ’is little games, with Pedro and ’is mate.” “ Pedro and Manuel are Calbuoo’s men?” Dave thought quickly. “ Maybe I know more’n you think, rummy. See if I don’t! Calbuco wants to do Bruce outer his mine, see? He stacks the Britisher up against a set of cheaters until Bruce owes him a heap of coin. Get me? Meanwhile the Spiggotties slip an Indian into Bruce’s shack to look for information. Bruce is made to sell out to them, and then—” “ That’s where you’re mistaken, my lad. Mr. Bruce refused to sell ’is claim, and ’e did for the Hindian right and proper. ’Oo cares? They ’ad ’im jailed for that, but ’e wouldn’t give in.” “ And now he’s missing—hey?” The negro nodded cautiously. “ Look here, Jamaica, you’re a good guy. Bruce’s girl is here, and Calbuco has her.” “ Han English lydy?” “ Sure.” Dave strained a point. “ She’s a lady, all right. And that’s more’n Mrs. Calbuco is.” Jamaica was profoundly disturbed. He had been born under the British flag, and an Englishwoman was sacrosanct in his eyes. A few words from him assured the American that the Calbuco woman had kept a house of bad repute in Rio de Ja- neiro before migrating to Punta, and that many of her associates had found lodging in the white house on the plaza. So Dave got his gun, a blunt-nosed .32. “ Not so worse,” he thought. * That evening Senor Calbuco was enter- taining friends at cards in a quiet room opening upon the balcony of his fine house. The balcony, by the way, ran clear around the building, and was shaded by the branches of a large tree. The Portuguese, who was in excellent hu- mor, had just announced to his friend the alcalde that he held three queens against two pair for the alcalde. And he was rak- ing in the pot when another man spoke. “If you are interested in mining claims, my friend Calbuco, I can tell you what we learned during our examination of the Tier- ra del Fuego shore near the western end of your strait.” It was one of the Norwegians, a giant of a man with merry blue eyes. His name was Walstrom, and he had come with his companion to pay Calbuco for the guides the Portuguese got them—at a price. Walstrom and Quensel were not playing; they had been interested for some time in certain sounds resembling the sobbing of a woman not far away. They were too polite to ask questions. “ Yes,” agreed Calbuco, “ you were say- ing that you saw—”THE JUMPING-OFF PLACE. 27 Here he was interrupted quite abruptly by the sight of a blue revolver pointed at his head from the open French window that gave access to the balcony. “ Put up your hands, all of you,” urged Dave Thornton. “Back away from the table to the other side of the room.” They did so—Pedro and Manuel and Calbuco and the alcalde and another man. Walstrom and Quensel uttered a forceful oath and sat still. They were by no means afraid. Moreover, the intruder did not seem to be looking at them. “ Fifty dollars, Calbuco.” Dave moved cautiously forward to the table. “ That’s what you owe me for one month’s work. I’ll collect it myself from your pile, see?” Watching them the while, Dave sorted out with his fingers a number of silver dol- lars and bank-notes. -	The stout alcalde spluttered something in Spanish about thieves. “ Keep your hands up like I said, Spig- gotty,” Dave advised him. “ Now, Cal- buco, you lied to me. You robbed an American citizen of his gun. That’s right, ain’t it? Well, I’m telling you that you have a lot more coming to you. Don’t for- get that. Stop wiggling your hands, Pedro —I ain’t talking to you.” Dave pocketed the money and moved back toward the window. “ Tell your friends to turn around, Cal- buco, and look at the wall. You do it, too.” Walstrom and Quensel looked at each other and grinned involuntarily. There was something humorous in the sight of five grown men plastered against the wall. When they glanced at Dave again they saw only the double windows closing softly. Pedro’s knife hurtled across the room and through a glass pane. The Chilean was not a coward. Drawing a revolver, ihe slipped to the window and looked out into the darkness. Manuel darted from the room toward the stairs. The alcalde, after a discreet inter- val, left to summon his police. Calbuco wiped his brow; then he smiled. “ He will not get awTay, gentlemen. It will be impossible for him to leave Punta if he escapes from the house. He is a fool. You heard him threaten me?” “ He seemed,” acknowledged Walstrom, who had no great fancy for Calbuoo’s type, and had been forced to pay high for his peons, “ to mean what he said.” The Norwegians noticed that the woman was no longer sobbing. A moment later Senorita Clara Bruce was startled when she saw the dark figure of a man enter the window of her room that opened upon the balcony. The night had brought real fear upon her—a fear that was no less real because she could not put it into words. She had not been able to see her father. Instead, she was locked in her room and the wife of Calbuco had scolded her. Cal- buco himself had told her that John Bruce was drinking; that he was a dishonest man; and that she must help them to make him give up some mine he had stolen. It was quite a surprise to discover that the man who had come into her room in the dark was the young American she had met on the schooner, and Clara stopped crying, to huddle down farther into the bed- clothes. “ Listen here,” said Dave in a whisper, “ you got to get outer here. I’ll take you to your old man. They’re keeping you here to make him give in to them. Under- stand?” Whimpering, Clara admitted that she did not. She asked him, uncertainly, to leave the room. “ I can’t,” said Dave truthfully. “ Any- way, you hurry up and dress. I’ll be over by the window and I can’t see nothing in the dark. Hurry.” Peering, out through tihe shutters, he could make out men passing back and forth along the balcony and lights bobbing in front of the house. Presently the balcony was quiet and the lights moved out into the plaza as the pursuit drew further afield. “ You know where the back stairs is, don’t you?” he grunted. “ Well, come along. Oh—rats, don’t worry. I’m taking you to a priest.” Gripping her slim hand in his, he moved28 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. out on the now deserted balcony to the rear of the house. A minute or two later they arrived at the Catholic Church front- ing the plaza, passing unseen behind the buildings. Here the priests consented to take her in, as Dave had expected. “ Don’t you worry about me,” he an- swered her anxious question. “ No cop that wears a dago sword can pinch me.” When Dave said this he was quite alone in the town except for Clara and the tim- orous negro. He had committed a grave offense against the law; moreover, Calbuco had determined to blot him out. Yet that night Calbuco and his men, with the men of the alcalde, ransacked the town and the boats in the harbor. Punta has few streets and not so many 'buildings. It would have been impossible for Dave to leave without being stopped. The next morning every near-by ranch was visited, equally without result. Dave was in the one place Calbuco did not think to look for him. Walstrom and Quensel were really an- noyed when they were held up on enter- ing their quarters in the Kosmos Hotel near- the water-front by the same man who had visited Calbuco’s establishment. “ I don’t want to hurt you gents,” he in- formed them—Walstrom spoke good En- glish. “ But I got some talking to do, and I want you to listen.” “ Very well,” assented the giant explorer amusedly. “ We don’t owe you anything, though. Won’t‘you have a cigarette?” “ Sure. Look here, Walstrom, all you have to do to land me in the Punta cooler is to yell: But you’re a square man—I came down on the schooner with you. I’ll put away the gun if you’ll gimme your word to sit quiet and see we ain’t inter- rupted.” “ I agree,” Walstrom smiled. “ But I advise you to do your best to leave Punta while it’s dark. There is no American con- sul within a thousand miles, or any country- man. You’ve—ah—held up an alcalde and robbed Calbuco, who has a good deal of money and influence, besides a ship or two.” “ He’s my meat.” Dave puffed at his cigarette seriously. “ You was talking about the Tierra del Fuego mines when I busted in this evening. Did you see any- thing of the claim of John Bruce when you was over there?” “ The Isabella? Quensel, on one of his solitary rambles in search of fossiliferous deposits, saw the claim-stakes on the shore of the strait.” “ Does it look like a paying proposition to you?” Walstrom yawned and laughed. ■ “ That is just what I was about to re- mark to your friend Calbuco. These so- called mines were discovered by amateurs. There are no actual gold deposits in Tierra del Fuego. We examined one or two of the sites.” “ I didn’t think Bruce could pick a win- ner,” the boy sighed. “ But he showed gold nuggets.” “ Gold particles. My young brigand—I don’t know your name—the gold of Tierra del Fuego can, literally, be picked up or rather washed by hand. It is produced solely by the action of the sea on the sands along the coastal barranca. The sea has been washing down that sand for hundreds of years. After a storm Quensel and I would light our pipes and go out and gather a little along the beach. But the gold it- self would no£ pay the cost of tools or for- mation of a company—” Walstrom shrugged. “ Every decade or so the gold craze strikes Punta, and new sociedads auriferas are formed, only to be bankrupt. Now, am I to be shot or not?” Dave met his searching blue eyes fairly. The boy was thinkiAg that the gold mine of the Bruces was a myth, after all, and they were badly off as ever. “ You’re a square man, Walstrom, the only one I know in Punta. I got a girl friend, and she’s in trouble in this burg. Say, you come with me and hear her tell what she’s up against. They won’t stop me, in the dark, if I’m with you, see?” “ My lad,” objected the explorer impa- tiently, “ I have other things to do. Such as sleep. We are sailing to-morrow.” Quensel, who had been staring at Dave askance, also growled out an irritated oath. “ Clear out!” he said. “ Calbuco’s holding her old man a pris-THE JUMPING-OFF PLACE. 29 oner,” pleaded the boy. “ And her father discovered the Isabella.” “ If that is the case, I’ll assure Senor Calbuco that the mine has no real value, and he will release this man.” Walstrom did not desire to be involved in a quarrel in Punta; he had witnessed ugly termina- tions to such quarrels. But Dave’s thin face, lined by hunger, was a mask of de- termination. “ No, sir,” he responded promptly. “ That - dive-keeper has Bruce in his debt, and he can use Clara. He’ll promise you anything, and forget it as soon as you sail. Clara and her old man have got to go on the ship with you. They’re my friends, and I’m going to stick to them.” Walstrom shook his head grimly. “ I heard you say you had a score to settle with Calbuco. What would the Norwegian Geo- logical Society say if I helped a thief to even his score—besides, how am I to be- lieve you?” Dave’s quick wit detected the slight note of indecision. “ You’ll believe the girl. She’s sitting up for you in one of the cathedral chapels that’s open all night. You heard her cry- ing, in Calbuco’s place. You’re a square sport, Walstrom. Listen to her, anyway.” Gray dawn was creeping into the drawn shutters of the Kosmos, and Quensel had been snoring like the healthy animal he was for some time when Walstrom returned and woke him up to explain what he had promised the American boy and the outcast girl. “ It was the only way to be rid of him,” he answered Quensel’s growl. “ God’s thunder, man! ” he burst into a hearty laugh. “ It will be a good comedy, anyway.” “ It’s lucky we sail to-morrow,” muttered the other. At this point in the proceedings Dave Thornton had made a second friend in Pun- ta, the first being the negro. Moreover, he had formed his plan, while pleading with Walstrom. It was then the hour in early dawn when crimson was streaking the cloudy sky behind the bare hills overlooking the tin roofs of the sleeping town. A fresh breeze was sweep- ing in from the roads. Dave guessed that his pursuers were sleeping for a space. The solitary policeman on his route to the water- front saloon was easily dodged. And Jamaica, awakened in his cubby in the rear of the saloon, rubbed his eyes at the feel of fifty dollars in good silver and bills. “ That’s yours,” whispered Dave in the dark, “ if you take me to Mr. Bruce. It ’11 be dead easy—they’re all pounding their ears.” John Bruce was more or less drunk when the two boys got to him in a locked cabin in one of the water-logged schooners laid up at a near-by jetty. The door being locked and barred from the outside, the sailors who were his captors had been en- joying a good night’s rest. Dave plied the Englishman with coffee at the saloon. But what the boy had to say about his daughter sobered Bruce with- in a moment. His red face paled and his weak lips tightened. “ I’ll shoot him down, like the dog he is!” Bruce snarled. “ No,” said Dave. “ We’ll do better ’n that. ~I got it fixed.” Three or four hours later in broad day- light the carriage of the alcalde who was the friend of Calbuco—the carriage that had been placed at the service of the Nor- wegians—rolled down to the water-front, and Walstrom pioked up Bruce. Then they drove to the church, where Clara joined them. Dave Thornton was still invisible. Rumor of what was happening reached Calbuco through his men. Pedro and Man- uel and others gathered at the mansion of the Portuguese to learn what was going to happen and to guard their patron against Bruce, who was known to be reckless. Within the hour the victoria arrived at Calbuco’s door. Four persons entered the house—Walstrom, Clara, John Bruce, and the alcalde. Calbuco received them polite- ly, and Pedro and others waited in an ad- joining room. “ Good morning, Senor Calbuco,” said the girl timidly. “ Good day, Senor Calbuco,” nodded30 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. Walstrom. “ I have come to say good-by. My steamer weighs anchor at noon.” John Bruce said nothing, but his gray eyes were savage. The Portuguese looked at them all and licked his thick lips. He saw Bruce, apparently on good terms with Walstrom—Bruce, whom he had left locked in one of his schooners the night before. He bowed to Clara, who had been captive in one of his bedrooms twelve hours ago. You see, Calbuco could not know what Clara had told her father, nor what John Bruce had told Walstrom. And he could not guess what the three of them might have confided in the alcalde. He was powerless, in his present situa- tion, to molest father or daughter. The Norwegian consul general had run down from the Chile coast to say farewell to the explorers, who were terminating their brief stay in Punta to seek the richer field of the upper Amazon; and the alcalde himself had been commissioned to do honor to the Scandinavians. “ And your friends,” Calbuco nodded affably at Bruce and his daughter, “ do they also sail on the steamer?” “ Assuredly.” Walstrom took it on him- self to reply. “ Mr. Bruce has information regarding the mineral deposits of the straits —most interesting information.” And he looked at the Portuguese. Cal- buco squirmed, thinking of the Isabella claim and the nuggets he had seen. He had never succeeded in bullying the infor- mation he wanted from the Englishman. Moreover, his conscience made him afraid.. Imprisoning Bruce might be ex- plained to the authorities; but kidnaping the Englishman’s daughter was quite a dif- ferent matter. Calbuco felt that a sword was suspended over his head; yet it was his own imagination that visioned it. If he had held his peace he might have suffered nothing. But even in his fear his greed rose up and voiced itself. While Wal- strom was making his adieus Calbuco stepped nearer to Bruce. “ I was anxious to help you,” he whis- pered. “ Do not misunderstand me, my friend. What are you going to do with your claim?” Bruce’s gray eyes were hostile. “ I’ve been talking to Walstrom about that. I don’t want to talk to you. You are a dog and a thief.” Calbuco, out of the corner of his eye, made certain that the alcalde had not heard this. He put his plump hand that quiv- ered with anxiety on the other’s shoulder. Mention of the Norwegian geologist in con- nection with the Isabella, coupled with the abrupt departure of the two men together, could mean only one thing in his mind. Bruce was seHing out to Walstrom. “ I’ll pay you more,” he Whispered, “ if you’ll show me the claim and let me exam- ine it.” “ How much of a fool do you think I am?” Bruce laughed. “ You’ll pay my price now.” Walstrom and the alcalde turned around. Calbuco read their faces and imagined that an enormous fine would be inflicted upon him—if Bruce had made complaint against him. The flame of his greed It ill wanned his brain. “ How much, Walstrom,” he demanded, “ do you think Senor Bruce’s claim is worth?” The Norwegian shrugged. “ Three thousand pounds,” said Bruce, “ to you, Calbuco.” The Portuguese still watched Walstrom, whose beard was strangely agitated, as if he were profoundly moved. “ If you work it long enough,” amended the Norwegian. “I’m selling you the biggest thing in the strait,” growled Bruce. “ It’s on one of the western islands.” Walstrom looked at his watch and raised his brows. “ We must go,” he said. That was what decided Calbuco. If he could tempt Bruce, who was penniless, with ready cash, unseen by Walstrom, he might make the Englishman sell out. If Bruce took his money, no claim for damages could be brought against him. So he reasoned, impelled alike by caution and greed. The others, still queerly non-committal,' were watching him. At the dock Calbuco tendered Bruce a hastily drawn-up title deed to sign, and another paper indicating the location of hisTHE JUMPING-OFF PLACE. 31 It was not until they assembled in the dining saloon in the evening that-they dis- covered Dave in the white jacket of a mess- boy. John Bruce went straight to him. “ You helped us out,” the Englishman said. “ We’re going home with a good deal of money, you know. What part of the three thousand pounds is yours?” “ Bosh! ”Dave-replied. “ I’m working my way back to N’Yawk. Say, you don’t want me to lose my job, do you=—1talking this way? I guess not.” One thing Dave wanted badly. He de- sired to see Calbuco’s face when the man sought out the location that had been given him and found that he jhad bought the Evangelistas, lighthouse and all. t?	U	U SOME REASONS AH, I could write a poem ^ If I only had the time; My soul is full of noble thoughts And lofty, ringing rime. But, just as soon as I sit down And take my pen in hand— Well, read a little further, And I think you’ll understand. On yonder mountain’s highest peak— Hush, Johnny, let your sister speak! Give her the doll! Now stop your crying!— A white and fleecy cloud is lying. No, George, the water is too cold; A month from now. Do as you’re told!— And round the barren, purple rocks— Oh, dear, I haven’t darned those socks!— A snow-white bird is slowly flying. The only word that rimes is “ dying.” Good gracious! Listen to those boys! They drive me mad with all this noise. Mary, why don’t you do your scales?— I’d like to write of woodland dales, They sound so pleasant and so cool. Yes, Bridget, use the one-egg rule. Alas, my soul is ever yearning— What can it be that I smell burning? There now! The cake is spoiled. I knew it! Nobody else can ever do it! There goes the phone! Hello—yes, me! What, coming here right now, for tea? I	guess I’ll leave that noble rime Till some day when I have more time! Pauline D. Partridge claim. Bruce was to sell all riparian and mineral and other rights. the deed without a smile directions by which Ca.1- Ibuco was to find his new'purchase, starting from a given point on the western end of the strait—on the shore where a claim- stake marked the Isabella. Calbuco’s law- yer, Pedro and others witnessed this. Walstrqpn did not see it because he was busy smuggling a young American aboard the steamer’s launch. When the steamer got under weigh and Punta vanished around the bend in the strait, John Bruce and his daughter sought for Dave Thornton and did not find him. Nor did Walstrom know where he was.$6 JoKrv Frederick Anthor ol “Lack/' “Cross-Roads,” etc. WHAT HAS ALREADY HAPPENED > ' I ‘O Jerry-on-the-Hill, the inn kept by John Northam, who fought under Cromwell, come two 1 ladies with their coachman, who seems to be very familiar with them. He asks John Northam for a man who might escort them up to London, but the stern Puritan replies that he has no one to send. His son, however, Samson Integrity, who has caught a glimpse of the face of the younger lady, announces that he will be glad to go, which, when James Crofts, the coachman, reports, elicits from Lady Malvern the exclamation: “ Go with a Northam driving? Are you mad?” And from Kate, the daughter, “ I’d go with the fiend himself to get to London,” which declaration is capped by her mother with, “ Go on then without me. Desert me here. 1 ask for nothing.” CHAPTER VIII. HOMAGE. THE coachman banished his smile, ex- changed glances with Kate and took the hand of the distressed lady. “ There is no cause for fear,” he said. “ The most formidable thing about this fellow is his name. God ’a’ Mercy! He’s called Samson Integrity! Ha, ha, ha! Samson Integrity upon my honor. But in the courtyard when the wind blew the viz- ard from Kate’s face, he saw her. Do you remember how he stood like a stone by the door? He was entranced, I swear. * If you serve them you will be well paid,’ said I. * Pay?’ said he, looking at me so. ‘ I have seen her; I am paid beforehand!’ Ha, ha, ha! Kate, I’ll put this in your record and by my word it shall be in a tuppenny ballad two days after you reach London. ‘ One glance turned the limbs of the swain to marble and his heart to gold! ’ ” He burst again into Homeric laughter. “ Kate,” sighed her mother, “ at times you are useful! ” “ I aim glad you have found me so.” “ But we can’t have the fellow tagging us about in London.” “ Easily handled,” said the coachman. “ If he grows obnoxious I’ll have the colonel take a few of his brave bullies and cudgel him out of town. Or stop—he’s a gentle- man, and I am out of exercise. At any rate, to London first; and there you’ll find that all worries cease.” “ What I have always told you, my dear,” murmured Lady Malvern. “ Bring in the young bear-cub then, Master Crofts.” And she picked up her vizard, am ex- ample which her daughter immediately fol- lowed. “ One moment,” said the coachman. “ By my advice you’ll let our hero see Kate alone.” “ Unchaperoned!” cried the mother, and raised her fat hands in horror. “ Why not?” asked the girl calmly. “ Go on, James.” “ I shall be waiting at the door and will enter at the first suspicious noise. You, madam, can leave your door 3jar when you retire to your own room. But see him alone she certainly must. If the first glance 2	A This story began in the Argosy-Allstory Weekly for April 9. 3*WHITE HEATHER WEATHER. 33 turned him to marble, the second must set the poor statue in motion. Pygmalion’s role reversed, I say! Then take whatever course you must, Kaite. I leave it to your own wit.” “ Thanks,” said the girl carelessly. “ I think I’ll come close to the truth with him.” “My dear child!” Cried her mother. “ Where are your wits?” “ Out „ gathering ideas,” said Kate. “ Why not tell him—without the names? He’s a gentleman. Besides, we’ll never see him after we reach London. If you please, go bring him, James. We should be on the road now. The horses have rested a little, and if my father guesses what way we’ve come, he and my Lord Harchester will be hard at our heels.” “ I think you have it,” nodded the coach- man. “ And tell him the name of Harches- ter. That fellow has a nationwide fame as a roue and swordsman since he ran poor Vickers through. Just the reputation to make old Puritan blood boil. Adieu, my ladv.”* * * And he left the room and came to the impatient Samson singing the same French ballad with which he had left him. “ It needed some persuading,” he ex- plained as he led 'the way back toward the room. “ Rather an unusual request, but the necessity is urgent, and my lady has consented.” He opened the door and stood stiffly at one side. “ Mr. Samson Integrity Northam! ” he answered in a loud voice, and closed the door as Samson Integrity stepped inside. He had seen her last by chilly moonlight, and then she had seemed pale as death; but now the ruddy firelight played softly over her. It glinted on the white cap, seeded with pearls, and gave to that pale gold hair a ruddy tint of richness; so that it seemed, when she first turned her head toward him, that her face was framed by fire. Tenderly and surely the hand of the Maker had molded that face, and left it, certainly, with the reluctance of the artist who turns at length from his masterpiece. And the glance of Samson Integrity moved down to the white triangle of the throat and bosom which showed soft and pure against the 3	A rich blue of the gown, and over the tight sleeves which ended in tapering triangles of cloth reaching down almost to the knuckles of the hands. Most marvelous hands they were to Samson Integrity, deli- cately wrought, and those knuckles were shown by slight, dimpling depressions; and the fingers which drooped over the arm of the chair, surely they were not meant to do aught save idle over silken surface; aye, but he sensed a strength in them—such strength as could take hold on his heart and wring it to agony. He saw all these things as he stood at the door with his broad hait crushed under his arm and his other hand resting on the hilt of his sword; for her eyes were cast down for a moment toward the fire—but when they lifted and met his glance, he lost sight of all else. It was like a shock which made him stand straighter; it was like a current of force which shot tingling through his blood; and if he had seen her body before he felt suddenly that now he was looking into her soul. She glanced up—She smiled—she rose and stood by her chair, and Samson Integ- rity could not move hand or muscle, save to tighten his grip on the hilt of his sword. Then her voice broke the spell, a voice low-pitched, as music should be when it enters on a theme of surpassing loveliness. It melted the ice in Samson Integrity’s soul and loosed the muscles of his knees. “ If you are Samson Integrity Northam,” she said, “ you are he who has offered to do me a great service.” “ I am Samson Integrity Northam,” he answered, “ and I shall serve you as far as I can.” “ You have bgen told what must be done?” “ I must drive you to London.” “ But you must know that there may be dangers.” “ I must keep you from dangers,” he told her and willed that he could take his eyes from her face. He was no longer sure of himself, and his breath fluttered like the wings of a stridken hawk. “If there is any question you wish to ask me about why I am flying toward Lon- don, it is your right to be answered.”34 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. “ It is a right I shall never claim,” said Samson Integrity. Excitement seemed to grow in her as she watched him; one of those hands was raised now and pressed lightly at her breast. “ But if the worst danger should come— if in an unknown cause—” To his lips came the smile which his father had seen twice that day. “ No Northam will ever have fallen in a better cause,” he said, and bowed low. “ Two men, at least, are following me. One is my father.” “ Your father?” cried Samson, and his eyes widened. “ And the other is the man whom he would have me marry, Lord Harchester.” The face of Samson Integrity grew dark. “ A profane man,” he said simply. “ I have heard my father name him.” “ A famous swordsman,” she added as if she wished to test the mettle of his courage. “ He will need his skill,” answered the Puritan sternly. Then in a changed tone, “ For God will fight with me upon your side!” “ My name only,” she said, “ I do not wish to give.” “ There is nothing, you would withhold that I could desire.” The incredulity of the girl’s expression changed to a pure wonder, and she made a little gesture toward him with both hands. “ Ah, sir,” she exclaimed, “ howr can I reward you?” “ If my service is true, it will reward itself,” said the Puritan simply. “ You will tell me when the coach should be made ready?” “ Yes, yes. In an hour. No, it should be ready now.” “ I will go then.” She lowered her voice so that none but he could hear. “ First—wait one moment. There is something I must say. If, hereafter, you should hear of me things which you now think unworthy—” “ I shall close my ears to them.” “ And if you should hear men say—” “ My lady,” said the Puritan, “ I wear a sword and I shall prove with it that you are faultless.” When a man loses thought for himself his actions are possessed of a natural grace, and Samson Integrity dropped upon his knee as if he had been schooled in a court of the grand monarch. The hand which she stretched out to him trembled as he lifted it and touched it to his lips. Then he rose and backed from the room with lowered head. But when the door closed behind him the girl remained standing with her hand still outstretched. CHAPTER IX. ON TO LONDON. 0	leave Jerry-on-the-Hill was not hard, but to leave it without making ex- planation to his father was a grim task indeed; for when he returned, there would be a fearful time of storm, but Sam- son Integrity decided to brave the peril. And, after all, if his conscience approved, what did the blame of his father or of all the world matter? The face of the girl was his charter of right! He followed it as Galahad followed the dream of the Holy Grail. There is something stern in the purity of a young man’s first love, unchained to the earth by any fetters of lust or any desire of possession, for his passion is beautiful and sufficient in itself, and Samson Integrity served for the sake of service, as men serve the crown without thought of lifting their hands to its jewels. He made his few possessions into a bun- dle, then raised the candle above his head, stared about him at the big room, empty indeed with what he was taking from it, then left the apartment and slipped quietly down the stairs. At the gate stood the coach with the four horses, and Tom stood at the heads of the leaders as Samson Integrity climbed up to the driver’s seat. He gathered the reins taut and looked about him, from the gabled front of Jerry-on-the-Hill to the tall, dark cones of the beech-trees in the hollow and the moon-whitened meadows which rolled away beyond. It wTas very near that ghost- ly hour of midnight when grim tales begin,WHITE HEATHER WEATHER. 35 and Samson Integrity felt as if the four horses beneath him were destined to carry him into the world of which his life had been the dream without any reality. Now a door closed in the tavern, and Samson saw the three figures crossing the courtyard, the coachman with one of the ladies on either arm. He turned his face to the front as stiffly as a sentinel on guard and then heard the creaking and the slight give of the coach as the ladies entered the body of the vehicle. An instant later the coachman sprang up beside him. He was in the greatest good humor, his broad hat cocked on one side of his head, and his dark eyes sparkling. “ Ready, Tom!” he called, and tossed a coin that glinted as it whirled. “ Ready, sir,” answered Tom, and stepped away from the horses’ heads. “ Softly!” cautioned a voice from the in- terior of the coach. “ We will be heard!” “ And why Should we not be heard?” challenged the coachman without lowering his voice. “ Gad ’a’ mercy, madam, are we not on the king’s highway. Hal-looo!” And his hunting cry echoed and re- echoed from the stern face of Jerry-on-the- Hill. The horses started together at the sudden shout and burst into a full gallop down the slope; at which a muffled scream came again from within, but the strong arm of Samson Integrity pulled the team quickly to a trot. He turned to Jjis companion. “ Master Coachman,” he said grimly, “ if you adventure such foolery a second time, I	shall take you by the collar and pitch you into the road.” The other was not in the least perturbed. “ A fair warning,” he said, “ breaks no bones. I thank you from my heart, noble Samson Integrity. But what, a God’s name, is that creature stalking us through the woods yonder?” Following his gesture, Samson saw a shadowy form running through the near-by copse and keeping equal pace with them, though he could not distinguish any feature of the animal. “ It should not be a wolf,” said Samson thoughtfully, “ yet sometimes they range^as far down as this, and what else would be running the forest on such a time?” “ Lower your voice,” suggested the coachman. “ For if the fat woman hears us, she’ll pipe up and raise the countryside. The beast may be crazed with hunger and attack the horses. I’ve heard of such things in this damned wilderness of a shire.” “ Take the reins,” said Samson quietly,- “ if you can manage them with your one hand, and lend me that pistol at your belt.” “Tut, tut!” chuckled the coachman. “ You would not have me think you could hit such a fantom of a target as that by this light and at such a distance?” “ If it shoots never so true,” answered Samson Inegrity with confidence, “I will put a bullet into yonder night-ranger. For aught I know, that may be the very cause that Mother Walker has lost so many geese lately.” The coachman made no further objec- tion, but took the reins and surrendered the pistol. Samson raised the heavy weapon to draw a sight. “ If you hit that wolf from such a jolting place as this seat,” said the coachman, lean- ing over to watch, “ you shall have a broad guinea, my fine fellow.” “ You may keep your guineas,” respond- ed Samson coldly, “ but harder marks than (that have been struck from the back of a running horse.” The coachman favored his companion with a quick, straight, probing glance, and fell into a sudden silence. At the same time the animal among the trees swerved sud- denly toward them, and as it reached the clear Samson half rose from the seat and leveled his weapon; but he did not fire, and after a moment lowered the pistol, ex- claiming, “It is Geoffrey!” “ A hound and a right noble one! ” cried -the coachman. “ He has never left his kennel before at night saving when he followed my father on some dangerous trip,” said Samson with! emotion. “ He has never even followed be- fore except when he was summoned. I can- not understand it!” The deer-hound was now running at the side of the road, his head turned toward his master. “ Back, Geoffrey! ” called Samson, “ Back to the house! ”E6 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. “ He’s a fine bruite to look at, but poorly trained,” remarked the coachman, for Geof- frey, though he at first slackened his long trot and glanced back toward Jerry-on-the- Hill, soon broke into a gallop and regained his former position, though now he slunk farther to the side and his tail lowered, as though he understood that he had done wrong. “ Ill-trained?” repeated Samson. “ I cannot understand it. He has hitherto obeyed every glance of mine. Back, Geof- frey! ” The hound replied with a low, brief howl, but refused to alter his position. “ Perhaps the dog scents a kill,” sug- gested the coachman much interested, “ and wants to be in at the death. Well, let him be; he can do no harm. But what? You keep a pack of hounds at the tavern?” “ Geoffrey is the last of as fine a pack as ever bayed a deer, in the shire,” said Samson Integrity. “ The Test of his blood are gone; he is the end of his line; the very last!” The last phrase he muttered b/tterly to himself. For to Samson the fine hound represented the departed glories of the house of Northam, and now a sad fancy came to him that Geoffrey had come to fol- low the fortunes of the last of the North- ams, a solitary adherent in a hopeless strug- gle to regain the honor of a fallen heritage. “ Come,” broke in the coachman, and he turned to his companion with an air of greater interest than he had shown before, “ here we sit with many a weary mile be- fore us and sleep jogging our elbows; tell me something of yourself, Master Northam, and I shall pay you back tale for tale, I warrant you.” “ I have no will to talk,” said Samson gloomily. “ Come, come!” adjured the coachman. “ Do not show the prick-eared suspicion of a Roundhead. That part is out of date. What, man—a lonely road is a lonely road, and a friend is a friend even if he be only a coachman. I say it cuts me to the quick to see a noble old family like the Northams managing a damned tavern by the roadside. Why not to court, Master Northam? There are ways of coming to windward of those who have the ear of the king. What if your father roared on the wrong side of the late troubles? Old Rowley is a kindly soul, men say; and he’ll bear never a grudge. Troth, he forgets his friends as quickly as he forgets his enemies, but that’s an old string and an ill one to harp on.” “ Friend coachman,” answered Samson Integrity coldly, “ the way, as you say, is long; and I have neither strength nor will to talk.” “ Why,” rejoined the coachman with a perfect good nature, “ I will whistle any man’s tune to his measure—a jig or a death- march. Good night to you, Master Solemn- ity!” And, wrapping his cloak about him, he let his chin sink upon his breast and was in- stantly asleep. CHAPTER X. THE JOURNEY. ■ BY morning they reached a little farm- house, £nd here Samson stopped to water the horses and get food for the ladies. They would not leave the coach, but while Samson attended to the steaming horses, the coachman busied himself rous- ing the woman of the house and carrying out the food which she cooked. The ladies ate it in the coach, and when the horses were back in their traces the journey began again. All day they rumbled on, but more and more slowly. For the horses were reaching 'the limit of their endurance. When they trotted their knees sagged, and when they walked and pulled up a grade their heads hung almost to their kinees. The same weari- ness oppressed the travelers themselves. Now and again the elder lady opened a conversation with her companion, but it was usually limited to a very few high-pitched, almost nasal remarks, and 'there was rarely an answer from the girl. Samson himself was sadly worn. Into the regularity of his former life this loss of sleep cut a great breach, and as a rather warm and hazv afternoon came on he caught himself re- peatedly napping and awoke with a miser- able start and a sense of guilt. The coach-WHITE HEATHER WEATHER. 37 man alone showed no signs of fatigue. After the final rebuff from Samson he made not the slightest attempt to reopen conversation. On the other hand he was not sullenly silent. He remained quiet not an instant. Here he stood up and whistled to Geoffrey, with whom he was on the best of terms be- fore the morning was half worn away. There he opened a running fire of conversa- tion at the horses for a whole ten minutes together, and it seemed to Samson Integrity that the poor, weary brutes understood his cheery nonsense and pricked their ears to listen to it. Again, a bird stooped twitter- ing above the coach and the fellow would tilt back his head and imitate the whistle of the songster. Again he broke into song and rattled off ballad after ballad—political quips, satires, and love songs. Toward evening it grew quite apparent that the horses could not complete the trip to London without some rest. Already it was necessary for Samson to ply the lash with a cruel liberality, and every mile or more he must draw up the team in a favorable spot and breathe them for a few minutes. During the last hours before sunset they dragged on at a pace slower tlfan a brisk man’s walk. So before dark the coachman clambered down into the body of the vehicle and held consultation with the ladies. They were loath to halt on 'their trip with their goal so near; for now the towers and the spires of London were plainly in view and melting away into the heart of the night. But the necessity was great, and with many a lament the corpulent lady admitted that they must put up somewhere by the road. She was chiefly persuaded by the coachman. “ For,” said he, “ if they were truly on our track, they would long ago have over- . taken us on horseback. Why, I could run on foot two leagues to the one these poor nags are making now. Besides, our good Master Northam is ever and anon falling asleep on the seat and nodding his head off —poor lad! He may run us into the ditch, for aught I know, any moment, and leave us to kick our heels in the air.” This argument carried the day, and the coachman, who apparently knew the en- virons of the great city like a book, pointed out to Samson Integrity the road to an obscurely withdrawn tavern, far from all main thoroughfares. They came thus short- ly after pitch dark to the Three Rams. It had been, at one time, a great and flourish- ing inn where travelers who left London late often stopped over for the first night, but now the way to the northern shires had shifted farther toward the coast and the Three Rams lived on little more than its reputation. Like Jerry-on-the-Hill, it had once occupied the three sides around a courtyard, but. one of these sides lay in shapeless ruins and the courtyard was open to the storm. The other two sections of the building remained in fearfully dilapi- dated condition, yet there were still portions of the rooms inhabitable. Before this hostelry, then, they drew up and their whistle summoned out the stable- boy. Samson helped him to unhook the team and went with him to supervise the stabling and feeding of the nags, for it was necessary that they receive the most scrupu- lous attention if they were to be made fit to take the road on the following morning. When he returned to the tavern he was met by the coachman in the tap-room. “ A beastly hole, eh?” observed the cheerful fellow, who already sat at a snug corner table near the fire fronted by a bot- tle of wine and a generous portion of roast- ed beef. “ I was here a twelvemonth ago and the shack was bad enough then, but since then the winter has given it another shake. Damme, but the stairs trembled when I helped the ladies to 'their room. One chamber between ’em, and never a sign of a bed for you and me. But, you being the son of a soldier, and I but a coachman ” —here he made a wry face at .the floor— “ we must e’en make out with the floor of the tap-room, eh?” “ Is there no better hostelry, near by?” sighed Samson, longing for a rest. “ A hundred within an hour’s ride,” re- plied the coachman, “ but this is better for us. Even if they followed us on the road to London, who would ever dream of turn- ing aside to trail us to this place? And who would look for Venus in a hovel? Tut! This scheme of mine should be marked in red; and we can all sleep in peace this night.”38 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. Indeed, Samson Integrity could hardly prop his eyes open while he swallowed a hasty meal; then he followed the example of his companion, who had wrapped him- self in a cloak and lay down on the floor near the fire. That floor was already littered with sleepers, for the tavern was crowded from cellar to garret by a returning host of pleasure-seekers at a May fair. Samson had hardly laid his head upon his rolled- up cloak, which served in lieu of a pillow, when he was sound asleep; and at his feet stretched tihe deer-hound Geoffrey. CHAPTER XI. SWORDS. SAMSON was so thoroughly exhausted that he fell into a perfectly dreamless sleep and it seemed that he had hardly closed his eyes before the familiar, low snarl of Geoffrey wakened him again. He passed from drowsiness to wakefulness the more quickly because the hard floors left him bruised in a dozen places, and he was swift- ly conscious of the discomfort. Accordingly he sat up to change his position. He had attached no meaning to the growl of Geof- frey; the animal might have dreamed of the chase, but now that Samson sat up he saw a curious picture in the hall that ar- rested his attention. Mine host, who was a little lean man, quite bald except for a single tuft of gray hair in the exact? center of the head, stood there wrapped in a cloak which must have belonged to his wife’s wardrobe and un- derneath it his bare, skinny shanks glis- tened in the light of the lantern he held. It was carried high above his head, the bet- ter to observe his nocturnal visitors. These were four men whose faces Samson Integ- rity could not at first make out, partly be- cause they all wore cloaks with >the collars turned up high about their faces, and partly because of the deceptive light. It was plain, however, that mine host was much alarmed, and the reason for it was not far to seek. Here and there the lantern light glittered back in sharp points; and Samson, peering more closely, made out easily that the four were armed to the teeth. One of them dropped his hand on the shoulder of the host, apparently questioning him closely. The answer he received must have pleased him, for a coin shone yellow as he dropped it in the shaking hand of the little man. The latter, overcome by this generosity, bowed to the floor and then began obsequi- ously to point upward and whisper direc- tions. The becloaked stranger nodded at length and then disappeared noiselessly up the stairs. The landlord at the same in- stant stepped back into another passage. But Samson Integrity did not need the light of the lantern when he looked about him. It was already gray daylight, a chilly gloom that dripped in through the windows and half illumined the grotesque figures On the floor. By that dim light Samson stood up, donned his cloak, and buckled on his sword with hands trembling from eagerness. There was work before him which needed speed. First he stepped to that corner of the floor where he had seen the hostler curl up for the night. This lad Samson shook by the shoulder and at the same time hissed into his ear—for one who is awakened by a hiss will never make an outcry—'and it has- tens the return of the senses. “ Boy,” whispered Samson Integrity, “ here is a shilling and another shilling. Up to your feet—no noise, mind!—and out to the stable. Harness the four grays to the big coach. Quick! Stop for nothing— not even to water the nags. Clap the harness on them. If you are speedy you win a guinea to top those shillings. If you are slow you get a cudgeling instead.” The lad closed his hand convulsively over the coins, shot a single intelligent glance at Samson, and instantly glided from the room, picking his way among the sleepers. Not one of them had awakened, for the whispers of Samson passed unnoticed in the steady thunder of two or more formidable snorers. Next he passed to the coachman; at the first touch of his finger on the sleep- ing man’s shoulder the latter started to his feet, his hand clasping the hilt of a dagger. “No sound!” cautioned Samson. “If you can use a sword, belt it on and follow me. There may be need of it.” “ My sword-arm, thank God, is whole,”WHITE HEATHER WEATHER. 39 answered the coachman as he hastily com- plied with Samson’s directions. “ What’s wrong?”	v- “ I saw four men whispering with mine host in the hall; they paid him money and he directed them to the sleeping-rooms above. They were armed to the teeth.” “Hell and furies!” moaned the coach- man softly. “ Where? Where? Four, said you?” “Four! This way!” They were instantly in the hall and stood listening, but not a sound came from the dark stairway above them. “ Northam,” whispered the coachman, “ you have dreamed.” “ Never! Help me close these doors and drop the bars. We must keep those fellows in the tap-room.” Luckily the broad doors shut without sound and the heavy bar was dropped into its socket. Geoffrey whined from the dark- ness at their feet. “ Among those you expect to follow you,” said Northam, “ was there one large man with a narrow, pointed gray beard?” * “ Old Malvern himself! Now God ’a’ mercy! ” “ Courage, man!” pleaded Samsrfn Integ- rity, mistaking the import of that whispered outbreak of emotion. “ They are two to one, but we’ll take ’em by surprise.” “ Do your own part and care not for me,” answered the coachman, “ and this night’s work Will make you. Up the stairs, and we’ll take ’em in the hall!” So saying, he unsheathed his sword and started up into the darkness; at the same instant, a muffled cry sounded from the regions above. It was as if a spur had been driven into the flesn of Samson Integrity. In a single bound he passed the coachman, and sprang up to the level of the hall above. This was a long gallery which extended down the whole length of that wing of the tavern with the doors of numerous rooms opening off from it. Several windows looked upon the courtyard on the other side, and through these apertures streamed the grow- ing but uncertain light of the new dawn. As Samson reached this hall, through one of the doors to the left and toward the farther end of the corridor, two black figures forced out a third form in white between them, and almost immediately a second trio issued in the same manner and turned down the hall. “ On them!” called a voice at Samson’s shoulder; and whipping out his sword as he ran, Samson Integrity raced toward his first combat. “ Two of ’em!” shouted one of the men before him. “ Tom, mind the women! Har- chester, Grantley, at ’em, lads!” And three swords flashed in the dim light of the gallery. It was the big man of the pointed gray beard who gave the' com- mands, and he stood now; a little in advance of his companions in the full shaft of morn- ing light which broke through a near-by window. He was to the left of the others and therefore more on a line with the coach- man who raced not a step behind Samson; so the latter bore straight down upon the central figure of the trio. To run blindly upon two bare swords, however, was certain death which skill could not avoid, and though a red passion half blinded Samson, the glitter of the steel brought him to his senses when he was almost within lunging distance of the two. Without slackening his spead he leaped far to the left, his shoulder crashing into the wall, and thrust at the man directly before him. In spite of the unexpected change of direction the fellow had presence of mind and speed of hand to parry. His blade rang on that of Samson and forced it up. An ounce more of pressure in that parry would have saved him. As it was, he deflected the point from his breast, but it entered his shoulder; and with the lunge of Northam’s body behind it drove through to the very hilt. The fellow screamed terribly as he fell and clutched at his wound, while his rapier rattled on the floor. “Let the wenches be, Tom!” he cried, writhing where he dropped. “ Here am I dying! Help!” His fall had disengaged the blade of Sam- son Integrity in the very nick of time, for the central man of the trio thrust full in Samson’s face and he was only able to knock the danger above his head by jerking40 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. up his hilt. A leap back carried him into fighting position and he fell on guard in time to put aside the next lunge of Els opponent. “ Brave lad! Brave lad!” cried a voice beside him, and he glanced across toward the coachman, who was furiously engaging the man whom he had called Malvern. The latter had every advantage of height and reach, yet the coachman kept him in play without the slightest apparent diffi- culty. Indeed, he seemed to fight with his head turned to watch Samson’s progress; yet his address with his blade was a revela- tion to the young Puritan. . “ Keep Harchester off while I finish the old ’un!” he called again, and even as he spoke he got past the guard of Malvern. The elder man dropped his rapier with a deep curse and sprang back, grasping his right forearm with his other hand. His place was instantly filled by the man called Tom, who had left the women in a huddled group at the farthest end of the gallery; but Tom, though he fought with a headlong vim which gave his attack some venom, was by no means a match for the dangerous grace of the coachman. In the mean time Samson Integrity found himself engaged by a veritable master of fence. It was a man of about his own stature—a fellow with proudly curved mus- tache and one of those dainity little tufts of beard in the center of the lower lip which were affected by the court at Whitehall. There was no effeminacy about his arm, however; he put by the sword of Samson with a wrist of steel, and his own attack was both swift and sustained. He fought with the confidence of one who has often faced the naked point and took chances which, to the uninitiated on the field of honor, would have seemed suicidal. But Samson Integrity at first forgot every lesson in fence that he had learned from the cunning foil of his father. There on the floor, writhing in what might be his death agony, lay his first antagonist; and the sight froze the blood at Samson’s heart. Moreover, he was overwhelmed with awe at the thought of facing no less a person than Lord Harchester. For tales of dueling ran everywhere through England, and the doings of the fencers in Lincoln’s Inn Fields sounded again in each tap-room. No name was more frequently on the lips of the raconteurs than that of Lord Harchester. That very sword, perhaps, had pierced young Vickers, not three months before. At this point in his troubling reflections, Samson followed a feint with both sword and eye, and the inevitable result was that his opponent’s point was the next instant past his guard. He parried, indeed, but it was a close call, and he felt cold steel pierce his jacket and slither down his side. Lord Harchester snarled under his breath as he lunged; and cursed when he stepped back with unreddened blood. That touch changed the complexion of the battle. It had been the very touch of death, so to speak, and after it, Samson Integrity thrilled with unspeakable joy to find that his fear was gone. His blood flowed warm again; his heart beat true; the weakness which was unstringing his knees departed. He leaped like a tiger at Harchester. A feint at the body and a thrust at the face which Harchester barely managed to put by gave him the aggressive, and "the next lunge of the duelist Samson put by as his father had taught him to do—so that it missed his head by the merest fraction of an inch, and he replied with a counter- thrust Which Harchester avoided only by suddenly twisting his body half-way round. It gave Samson a chance to flash a glance at the coachman in time to see the latter finish his second man. On half a dozen occasions already the coachman had had the life of Tom at his mercy, and each time he had failed to send home the finish- ing stroke. But now, rising from a low lunge with catlike swiftness, he caught the right arm of his opponent outside his sword elbow and struck the poor fellow squarely along the side of the head with his hilt. Tom went down like a steer under the ax— with a single indrawn breath and no other sound. The coachman turned to young Northam. “Holloa!” he cried. “Brave Master Samson! But stand back. Harchester is for my blade. Harchester, you unspeakable villain, remember Vickers!”WHITE HEATHER WEATHER.	41 • - “ Who are you?” panted Harchester. “ Man or devil, come both of you!” “No, no! Equal odds!” cried Samson Integrity. “ By the grace of our Father, punishment for your sins will this day over- take you, Lord Harchester.” “ What’s here?” panted Harchester. “ Some nameless Roundhead loon?” “ One that will roundly finish off his words with equal deeds, Sinclair. Back, sir! ” This to Malvern, who had picked up his fallen sword in his left hand and now made a clumsy rush from the side. “ Lower your point,” commanded the coachman, putting aside the thrust with contemptuous ease, “ or I’ll spit you in spite of your years! ” The elder man stepped back with a groan at his helplessness. “ Good speed! Speed, Master Samson!” cried the coachman. “ The house is raised.” Indeed, there was a crash of splintering wood from the lower portion of the tavern; an ample announcement that the men of the tap-room had broken clear. Up to that point Samson Integrity had pressed his at- tack warmly, but he had held his hand from any of those deadly tricks of fences Which he had learned from the subtle blade of John Northam. The whole engagement had filled hardly more than a few seconds, but before the end of that time he felt the thrilling assurance that the life of Har- chester lay within his power. And he dal- lied with that assurance as the cat plays with the mouse. Harchester himself seemed to know that he faced his master. The sneering scorn of his earlier attitude was now quite gone, and as he thrust and parried his mouth grinned with the violence of his efforts and his forehead glistened with perspiration. He now met the call of the coachman by delivering a last desperate assault at Sam- son Integrity. His steel became a flicker of dancing marsh-light darting at the tall Puritan, and in the end he concluded his assault with a peculiar high thrust, his hilt driving apparently straight at the face, but the point deflecting down toward the body. He failed, his sword flung wide bv Sam- son’s strong parry. “Come on and be damned!” shouted Harchester, and fell back a pace on guard. What ensued the eye could not follow. It seemed that Samson Integrity was liter- ally flinging his naked body on the point of Hardhester’s sword; yet that steel did not reach its mark. In an instant Sam- son was at half-sword distance, and from this he leaped suddenly back. As he did so, his sword-blade clanged against that of Harchester and then twined about it; the force of his backward spring wrenched the weapon from the nobleman’s hand and sent it flying far down the corridor. “ Bravo, by Heaven! ” shouted the coach- man. “ Finish the dogs Samson! He showed Vickers no mercy.” But Samson could not drive home the fatal stroke. “ Live,” he said, “ and remember! You, coachman, get the ladies and start with them down the hall.” He stopped and snatched -a pistol from the belt of his first foe, who now lay quiet and groaning on the floor. “ The first man that moves,” he said, “ is no better than dead! My Lord Har- chester, as you are a man of honor you will not attempt to interfere again with our re- treat.” But Harchester, in an agony of shame and rage, turned to the wall and buried his face in his upflung arms. In the mean time the two ladies were hurrying toward the coachman, but in passing Malvern the girl ran to him and caught his unwounded arm. “ Dear father,” she cried swiftly in an undertone which Samson Integrity barely heard, “ forgive me if you can, but do not follow me. It is useless.” Her father thrust her roughly away. “ Wench,” he said, “ if you could coin your blood drop by drop into words, all the blood in your body could not win me to forgive you. And follow you I shall—to Whitehall—or to hell! ” “ Haste! Haste!” urged the coachman, taking her arm. “ They are coming up •the stairs! ” And he hurried the two down the length of the hall. Behind them, ait a more mode- rate pace, followed Samson, backing up, with the pistol steadily leveled at the dis-42 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. comfited pair. Poor Tom was sitting up, groaning, and holding his head in both hands. CHAPTER XII. THE ESCAPE. THEY were close to the end of the hall when Samson heard one of the women before him scream. It was useless, at least for a moment, to keep guard on Harchester and Malvern at the farther end of the corridor; so Samson Integrity whirled and ran up beside his companions. They were at the head of the narrow stairs, and down the flight, tossing with the light of several lanterns, Samson saw mine host, still in his wife’s cloak, furiously inciting a crowd of men to storm the stairs. “ Ale for you all, as much as you can drink for a fortnight!” cried the little man, who evidently saw some rich reward slip- ping through his fingers. “ And a broad guinea for the man who downs one of ’em —one of the ravishers! Who’s the man for merry England and the honor of England’s lasses?” The excitement of breaking from the tap- room, the tumUlt in the middle of the night, had by this time roused the crow'd to a high pitch of wrath, and now with a great bellow half a dozen of them rushed for' the stairs. Their very numbers were against them. They w'edged and lodged in the nar- row passage, cursing and striking at one another. Some one, frantic with the fumes of last night’s ale or the peril of the instant, fired a pistol into the ceiling; then the whole mass of men stumbled on up the stairs. “ In the name of God, good friends, brave gentlemen!” cried the girl, and yet there was a certain dignity even in her terror. “ Are we lost? Is there nothing left to do?” “ Hell and furies! ” groaned the coach- man in his favorite oath. “ We’ll back into the hall and try another exit. Kate! Kate! Was ever such cursed ill-fortune?” Samson Integrity glanced back into the hall in time to see Tom stumble to his feet and pick up his sword; old Malvern had raised a pistol, and now they came on to- gether ttnvard the fugitives. It would have been sheer insanity to retreat and be caught between two fires. An old maxim of his father’s came into the mind of Samson, “ When in doubt on the field of battle, charge the enemy in his face!” “ Coachman,” he said, “ keep close to the ladies and follow me as you love life and honor and reward.” “ Up, up, lads, and at ’em!” shouted half a dozen voices from the mass of humanity Which struggled up the long stairs. “ The old, danger comes behind; there is only this way left. After me and swift- ly!” And with this parting admonition Samson Integrity fixed a final glance at the pale, set countenance of the girl, and then turned and, reversing his sword so that the blade thrust up beyond his shoul- der, and the hilt was like a cudgel in his fist, he sprang full in the faces of the as- cending crowd. There were knives and swords in that little crowd, and in any open space Samson could not have lasted for the space of one breath against them. As it was, the surprise of the attack, its sud- denness, the steepness of tie narrow stairs, all worked in his favor. Down rolled the struggling mass toward the lower hall. A gun exploded, some one screamed, faces ap- peared before Samson and arms were raised against him, but he smote them down with short, cruel blows of the hilt of his sword. In the winking of an eye it was over. One or two lay sprawling and crushed on the stairs; the remainder stumbled in wild confusion, fighting each other in the hall below as the coachman rushed through with the two women on his arms. Samson In- tegrity followed them through the door. And they saw, in front of the tavern’s ruinous courtyard, two coaches and four; a stable- boy holding the heads of their own leaders. There was still need of haste. The pur- suit burst with a roar out of the tavern and rolled after them; a bullet whizzed over- head. Upper windows were thrust up and men and women sihouted and screamed at the hubbub. But oddly enough, in the race for the coach the plump Lady Malvern was the winner and bounced into the vehicle with the agility of youth. Her daughter whipped in after her; Samson slammed the door and leaped onto the driver’s seat,WHITE HEATHER WEATHER. 43 where the coachman had already gathered the reins. The leaders, by this time, were rearing with nervous excitement, and the moment the stable-boy stepped away from their heads they burst into a gallop, Sam- son wielding the lash of the long whip wick- edly. A red-faced fellow leaped up on the side of the coach and thrust his pistol in the very face of Samson; but the latter swung back the butt of his whip and knocked the man headlong back to the ground. A second later the coach was bowl- ing along at full speed. They whisked around a comer a.nd down a long hill, but climbing the opposite side they looked back and saw the coach of the pursuers whirling over the top. Four men sat wedged in the driver’s seat, among (them Harchester, standing erect and lashing the furiously racing horses. From the windows appeared other heads; the vehicle was liter- ally packed with the enemy. “They’ll never reach us!” cried the coachman, standing up to watch and clap- ping his hands with joyous excitement. “ Ah, Master Northam, a king’s ransom couldn’t buy this merry morning! ” “I’ll wind the horses,” said Northam coolly, “ if I run them up this hill. When we strike the level they’ll overtake us.” “ No, no! ” cried the coachman. “ You’re mad.” “ I can tell by the action of that team,” answered Samson calmly, “ that they are far faster than this one.” He drew a long breath and then said softly through his teeth, “ Look back to my Lord Harches- ter!” —	“ A fine picture of a man, eh?” echoed the coachman. “ His hat off, his hair flying, and hell in his heart—poor Harchester! I’d rather be dead indeed than face what he must live through. How they’ll laugh when the story goes abroad! His lady run away from him; his sword knocked from his hand by a—ha, ha, ha! God have mercy on poor Harchesiter., for the wits will have none!” “ I set him on his parole,” said the Puri- tan grimly. “ I spared him. his life on promise that he would not further inter- fere with us this day. And he has broken his word.” “ Tut, tut, lad! Harchester uas made kindling of his honor a dozen times—and redeemed it in Lincoln’s Inn Fields! Bear with him now. The poor fellow is mad with injured vanity. Faith, I’ll wager his wrist aches; but where did you learn that trick of the twisted swords? If I could show that to George, I’d break his damned proud heart with envy!” He broke off with an exclamation of dismay. “ By the blue heavens! ” he cried. “ They are gaining on us! The lash, the lash, Master Northam!” As they reached the level, the following coach, indeed, bowled over the hilltop be- hind them; a gun exploded and a bullet whistled over their heads., “ It ’11 take more than that, my heanties, to make this ship heave to,” said the coach.- man. “ Name of God, Northam! Will the nags do no better than that?” In fact, the horses were extended to their full speed, and the coach reeled drunkenly; and sometimes they heard ,the moaning voice of Lady Malvern at her panic-stricken prayers. But still the pursuers gained, and swiftly. They dipped down a long incline. “ Here,” said Northam, rising, “ take the reins.” And he lifted his pistol. “ Not at this distance,” pleaded the coachman, looking back. “ You’ll waste the bullet and God knows we have need of our powder.” Northam drew a careful sight, but at length he lowered his gun with a sigh. “ He has broken his plighted word,” he said, “ and he is even now placing the life of the lady in jeopardy, yet I cannot kill him.” “ Nay, if you can hit the mark, my bully boy,” cried the coachman, “ shoot him down like a dog, and be damned to him! ” “ I cannot do it!” muttered Samson In- tegrity. “ If he were sword to sword to me—yes, but to take a human life by the pressure of a trigger—it is too horrible. Be- sides, his death might not stop them.” “ Never a fear of that. The pack will quit when the leader drops. Yet, I’d rather see Harchester alive and laughed at than dead and forgotten. God ’a’ mercy, lad, how they gain on us!”44 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. The coach of Malvern had now dipped into the same slope as that along which the fugitives ricocheted at such terrific speed, and with every leap of the horses the dan- ger drew nearer. A man on the seat beside Harchester was making ready a long fowl- ing piece for a chance shot. “ She is lost unless I fire,” said Samson. He continued after a moment with great emotion, “ Master Coachman, you are my witness; if our lives alone depended, I would not fire, but her happiness—” The coachman regarded his companion with a blank look of astonishment, but said not a word. The pistol raised in the hand of Samson Integrity was leveled, his face set sternly, and he fired. The coach- man had fixed his glance on the form of Harchester, but that was not Samson’s tar- get. The near horse in the lead team of the pursuers reared up as if he were about to jump an obstacle, then pitched headlong down, lifeless. Over him the other horses toppled in terrible confusion—ithe' fyont wheels of the coach struck the living mass, and the tall vehicle heaved up and then top- pled flat upon its side, flinging the men on the driver’s seat many a yard into the field near by. One hoarse, thrill, tingling scream of horror-rose from the wreck, then the ob- servers whipped out of sight around the cor- ner of a dense grove of beeches. Samson was white indeed as he resumed his seat and took the reins. “ The enemy is fallen,” he said in a shaken voice. “.The hand of the Lord has smitten the Philistine!” “Now the devil be my master!” mut- tered the coachman. “ It’s an ill day when a man crosses your path, Master Samson Northam.” And he sat for a long time in a most unaccustomed silence. CHAPTER XIII. TREASON. THAT silence lasted with hardly a break for hour after hour, /the coachman looking thoughtfully into the distance and Samson Integrity sternly observant of his work. It was some time after noon be- fore they reached the environs of London, and the welcome sight loosed the tongue of the coachman. He seemed perfectly i'amil iar with every street and lane; and when they passed the outskirts and struck into the heart of the city he began to talk of the greater houses which they passed as if he knew the master of each. A thing to be remembered of servants, Samson thought to himself, is that they love to dwell famil- iarly on the names of the great. In the mean time he drank in the chat- ter of his companion. Indeed, it was as if he had stepped into a new world. Some urchins on the street shouted after him a laughing remark about his clothes; a flower-girl ran from the side of an alley and tossed a blossom into his lap; it was a new world, a new life of gaiety. The memory of what had happened on the road faded from Samson’s mind; and when he glimpsed the spires of a great Church, his heart leaped up in a like aspiration. So they came at length to the goal of their journey. It was a very tall house with a dark, forbidding front, the hotel of a celebrated nobleman in the days of the first Stuart, as the coachman told Samson Integrity, but since then much altered both in form and in fortune; for now it was owned by a tight-fisted old fellow named Godfrey Lawrence who kept it as a lodging- house. Men and ladies of high blood or fat purses, or both, occupied the more spa- cious chambers, and the meaner sort were filled with every manner of low fellows and even the women of the streets. A communi- cation which made the blood of Samson In- tegrity turn cold when he thought of the girl whom he had brought with him. “ If it is such a house as this,” frowned Samson, “ we will not stay here even an in- stant. There must be other and cleaner lodging-places in London town.” He had stopped the coach, but now he gathered up the reins again. “ Fine scruples are an excellent garb in the country, lad,” said the coachman con- temptuously, “ but here in London they wear through very soon at the elbows. Lay down your reins. All arrangements are already made to lodge the ladies here. Hi, fellow, hold the nags.”WHITE HEATHER WEATHER. 45 A ragged old man instantly stepped to the heads of the leaders, and at the same time the coachman sprang down and opened the door to the coach. While he was assist- ing the ladies out Samson clambered slowly, regretfully down. He had heard tales of London town, and the hideous fate of innocent, misled ladies! Before he could bring himself out of the shadow of his gloomy thoughts, however, the coachman had passed up the steps of the building and was now admitted with his two companions into a long, high, dark hall. Samson followed reluctantly, and a sallow- faced servant closed the door behind them. The coachman called for the master of the house, for the entire party was weary from the journey and needed rest in their rooms. Samson hardly waited until the ser- vant was out of hearing before he voiced his suspicions. “ Madam,” he said to the elder lady, “ I like not this house, neither the air of it, nor the men who keep it. If my word has the weight of a feather in your judgment, I pray that you find some other lodging. My reasons—” It seemed to Samson that some sign passed swiftly between the coachman and the lady. “ In the name of heaven, good friend,” she said impatiently, “ do not give me rea- sons now. Sleep is what I need.” At this rather sharp rebuff Samson drew back a pace, and at the same time a rat- faced man appeared down the hall and was instantly engaged in conversation by the coachman; he began to bow and scrape at 'once. While they talked the girl stepped close to Samson. The vizard which she wore in traveling was still drawn over the upper portion of her face; and though her eyes were unobscured, it seemed to Samson Integrity as though he were looking at her through a veil. “ If my mother is round with you,” she said, “ forgive her. In the morning she will crave your forgiveness herself, Master Northam, and I, also, shall try to thank you.” There was about as much formalism as there was graciousness in this speech, and Samson’s heart sank still further. “ On my honor,” he said hastily, “ I do not think of myself. But ”—and he drew a little closer to her and lowered his voice —“ let me speak six words openly. You put strange trust in this servant.” He ges- tured contemptuously toward the coachman. “ No matter how long his family may have been in your service ”—here he thought he detected the faintest quiver of mirth about the lips of his masked lady—“ no matter how long he has served you, there is some- thing in him, madam, which I, for one, would not trust.” She had grown serious quickly before the end of his speech. “ 'What have you learned?” she whis- pered. “ What has raised your suspicions? God knows, I am in peril enough! ” Her fear was like wine to Samson In- tegrity. “ If you are in danger,” he said, “ put your trust in me. Lean on my honor! Whatever I have or am is yours! ” “Ah!” said the girl. “ I know you are strong. I have seen it.” She shuddered suddenly at the memory. “ And brave, truly. But there are dangers in London for which strength and courage are no shield.” “ Name them! ” he whispered in an agony of anxiety. “ Test me, but do not lay everything, as you seem to do, in the faith of this nameless—coachman!” The same quiver of mirth touched the lips of the girl, and the sight of it sad- dened and angered Samson at the same time. She saw his flush and laid her hand impulsively on his arm. “ Do not be angered,” she said. “ I value you higher than you can dream, and if I cannot tell you what you wish to know it is not because I do not trust you first, and every man I know after you!”. A great warmth of sincerity breathed through her voice and the blood jumped in Samson’s heart. She ended with an almost plaintive note: “You are not angered?” “ Listen,” said the Puritan solemnly. “ Before I give up your service I shall give up my faith in you; and when I give up my faith in you I shall give up my faith in man and woman. This much I feel: that you are facing some great peril, and46 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY, faring it blindly—a greater danger here in London than you faced in the tavern on the road. And while you are here, I shall follow you like a shadow—everywhere! ” He had seen that she was moved by the first part of his speech, but when he ended die was grown thoughtful, and her eyes looked down. He waited for an answer, but at this moment the coachman broke in, “ We have been expected, my lady, as I told you. The rooms are ready. For Master Northam, he can share mine until another is vacant.” They passed up two long, winding flights of stairs to the rooms of the two women; the master of the house merely set the doors ajar and indicated them; but he went on to the apartment of the coachman and stepped in with him. It was a very large room, with a great four-poster draped in blue cloth and several chairs, apparently hand-carved and after the manner of the French. On the whole, it was the most sumptuous bed-chamber that Samson Integ- rity had ever looked upon. “ I hope,” said the master of .the house, “ that you will find comfort here, sir.” And he bowed and twisted his lean fin- gers together in great anxiety. The coach- man glanced carelessly about. “ It will do,” he said. “ Be off to the ladies, old Mammon, and find out if there’s® anything they need; and if you let ’em go unattended in so much as a glass of choco- late, I’ll flay you and tan your hide for a money-bag.” To the astonishment of Samson Integ- rity the landlord took this insolent outbreak in the utmost good humor. “ Good, sir,” he chuckled, bowing him- self out. “ You are pleased to be merry. Bless you, sir; very good indeed!” “ Be off and be damned!” answered the coachman, flinging himself back on the cushions which littered a couch at one side of the room. “ Run to the ladies and carry me back their commands.” The old man literally jumped back through the door, and they heard him hob- bling swiftly down the hall. “ Old skinflint,” said this extraordinary coachman. “ Damn him for a bloodsucking leech that’s reduced many a gallant fellow to skin and bones. Slattery was the last that went down before him. Poor Slattery! I won a thou—” But here he noted the bulging eyes of Samson Integrity and broke off short. “ An infernal old hell-spirit,” he muttered in con- clusion. The door was here thrust ajar and the rat-faced landlord looked in on them again. “ The ladies pray a word with you, sir,” he 9aid. “ I will be with them instantly,” rejoined Samson, starting up. “ Nay, nay,” answered the old man, shaking his head violently. “ It’s him they want!” And he bestowed upon the coachman a grin which brought the tip of his nose and his hooked chin in close juxtaposition. “ They want me?” said the coachman, yawning. “ Aye, never a thought for the weariness of a man. My bones may ache for sleep, but devil a bit do they’care so long as they lounge in silks. But the long- est way round is the shortest way home, most like. Ah ha! ” And with a short, deep chuckle he left the room. Samson, somewhat perturbed, began to pace up and down (the floor; but the coachman returned soon bearing a small pitcher and two glasses. i£ The old lady—the fat one,” he said irreverently, “ has had a thought for us after all. She’s sent us a glass of spiced wine.” He poured the glasses full and raised his own. , “ I rarely taste wine,” returned Samson. “ It turns the brain to muddy water;” “ But this,” said the coachman, growing serious, “ is a sleeping draft—doctors highly commend it.” “ Well,” said Samson, whose bones ached at the very mention of sleep, “ I shall taste it.” “ A toast,” announced the coachman, posing his glass, “ to forgetfulness.” And he smiled at Samson. “ To forgetfulness?” echoed Samson In- tegrity. “ A strange toast, Master Coach- man!” “And-why not?” countered the other, grown suddenly grim. “ And why not?BRASS BUTTONS. 47 Why not forgetfulness? Lethe itself, say I, is the sweetest draft that lips can touch. Show me the queen of ladies or the prince of good fellows who would not wipe out nine-tenths of his life and start with a clean slate! I tell you, sir, I have known men of royal blood who would gladly forget it, because the purple is mixed with dregs of the gutter—the bar sinister across their lives. So, I say again, we’ll drink to forget- fulness.” “ Very well,” said Samson absemt-mind- edly, but his eyes wandered afar and dwelt on some image of his own choosing. The coachman stepped closer, clinked his glass with that of Samson, and the Puri- tan drained his potion with one swallow. “ Phaugh! ” he exclaimed with a slighit shudder. “ Bitter stuff!” “ True,” nodded the coachman. And Samson saw that the glass of his companion gave no evidence of having been tasted. “ Too bitter for me,” continued the coachman, setting down his goblet on the table. “ Besides, I can sleep without it.” It seemed to Samson that he was seeing (To be continued the other through a veil, and a peculiar whirling set up in his brain. Moreover, through the mist it seemed to him that the coachman watched him with a rather mock- ing smile. A horrible fear burst upon him. “ Fellow!” he cried, “ take up your own glass, and drain it to the dregs or I’ll spit you like a toad!” “ So harsh?” smiled the coachman. “ Good Master Samson, I’m in no such hurry to sleep. I shall not drink the wine, and I give not that for your sword!” And he snapped his fingers under (the very nose of (he Puritan. “Treason!” cried Samson hoarsely. “ Treason and murder! Help, ho!” But he knew, even as the words came, that his voice was no louder than a whisper. He drew his sword, but the coachman made no move toward self-defense. He had no need, for the hilt slipped from the numbed fingers of Samson and crashed upon the floor. Gathering the last remnants of his fading strength he struck full at the face of the coachman, but a curtain of solid black- ness dropped over his eyes and he knew no more. NEXT WEEK.) Rebecca T. Hodges PRETTY, charming Ruth Chester, blond of hair and blue of eyes, drove her snappy roadster slowly up alongside the row of smart little shops on the exclusive Circle. Each parking spot was already filled by the electrics or sedans or limousines whose owners were inside the lingerie or hat or corset bowers where she longed to be. Ruth puckered her pretty brows for a48 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. moment in perplexity, and then, with her engines still running, opened the car door and stepped out. “ I’ll only be just a minute,” she thought, giving a quick glance about. “ I’ll take the chance,” and she dashed across the pavement into the hat-store. But one minute to Ruth could mean one —or as easily fifteen. So when she came out later, bearing in her hand a big flow- ered bandbox tied with the lavender and gold ribbon she gave a little gasp of dis- may, for on her wind-shield was pasted a bit of paper. She knew what it meant—the summons to appear in police court the following morning. And by the machine on a res- tively plunging horse sat a traffic officer. Gloom settled on her shoulders as she noted the stony-jawed face. “ You know better than that, young lady.” The man’s voice was as uncom- promising as. his features. “ You ain’t got no business leaving your car out in the middle of the street with the engine going full tilt.” “ Oh, dear me!” Ruth’s eyes rolled im- ploringly. “ Oh, officer, I was only there just one minute, and there wasn’t any place to park.” “Can’t help that,” he retorted shortly. “ Orders is orders. We’re going to get after you folks. The lieutenant says this slidin’ by all rules has got to stop, that’s all,” and he handed her the summons. “But I can’t- go to court to-morrow!” Ruth expostulated. “ You can’t! ” He laughed sarcastically. “ Well, you’d better if you know what’s good for you.” “ But i can’t,” she repeated. I’m go- ing down to the races!” “ Huh! Well, you show up, just the same,” he warned, writing down in his note-book the number of her car. “ Name and address,” he ordered curtly. “ Ruth Chester,” she said, her cheeks flaming, “ 4040 Arlington.”. “ You be on hand,” the officer admon- ished, moving off down the street. “The mean old thing!” she cried hotly to herself. “Of all the fool stunts!” She closed the door and, placing the bandbox on the seat beside her, turned the car toward home. “ I wish I’d never bought the hat. But I’m going to Kentucky, just the same!” she resolved. As the corner cop came into view at the next street Ruth realized it was the smiling, genial Foley. Blarney was his middle name, and like all true sons of Erin a pretty face and the lure of feminine wiles were often his delight and undoing. So, with renewed courage, Ruth drew her car up beside him. “ Oh, Foley!” she exclaimed, holding out the summons. “ Just see what’s here! ” “ Ain’t that a devil of a mess', Miss Ches- ter!” he lamented ruefully. “ What ’d you let ’em do it for?” “ Oh, I couldn’t help it, Foley,” she con- fessed. “ You see I just ran in to ma- dame’s to get my new hat, and there wasn’t one single place to park—and I hurried in and left my engine running—and when I came out that beastly man had stuck that thing on my wind-shield and said I have to go to police court to-morrow at nine— and I can’t!” She paused breathlessly. “ But I guess you’ll have to.” Foley scratched his head reflectively. “ There’s nothin’ else for it.”	! “But I can’t!” she insisted. “To- morrow at nine I’ll be on the train for Louisville. I’m going to the races. You see—” She flashed a plaintive glance at him and shrugged her shoulders, while the dimple in her cheek deepened. “ Why didn’t you look at him that way?” Foley questioned bluntly, as the traffic swung past in endless streams at his beck- oning hand. “ Any man would take the shirt off his back,” he assured her boldly, “ for a smile like that.” “I did, Foley,” Ruth affirmed, laugh- ing. But it didn’t do any good.” Foley grinned. “ His coffee probably didn’t agree with him this morning,” he decided. “ Anyhow,” he continued thought- fully, “ he’s spilled the beans. He’s got your name,'and you’ll have to let the races go and show up. But, say,” he went on, “ wait a minute, Miss Chester. There’s just one thing you could do. Go on down 3	ABRASS BUTTONS. 49 now to the police station and see Captain Corrigan yourself. He’s Irish, like me, and perhaps you can fix it up with him. Lieu- tenant Lawton’s too hard-boiled—(but Cor- rigan’s all right.” “ You’re a sweet angel,” Ruth an- nounced. “ I’m going to Kentucky— you’ll see,” she promised with a friendly wave to the unbiased exponent of jus- tice. Miss Chester, in her dainty shoes and silken gown, walked into the dingy dirty corridor of the police station between rows of heavy-footed detectives who eyed her ap- praisingly. Heading toward the most imposing figure behind the fencelike enclosure, Ruth smiled designly and said, “ I’d like to see Captain Corrigan, please.” “ He ain’t here, miss,” the burly giant assured her. “But Lieutenant Lawton’s in there. Perhaps he’d do,” and he waved a pudgy hand in the direction of an inner office. Still clutching the offending summons, with a demure lift of her violet eyes Ruth advanced beyond the door. As she stepped within his line -of vision a man, young and firm of lip, straight of limb, and broad of shoulder, rose quickly to his feet. “ Take this chair, madam.” He motioned toward the one by the side of his desk, and, closing the door on the interested listeners in the outer office, seat- ed himself before her. “ And now what can I do for you?” he asked, leaning forward and clasping his fingers over his knees. “ I just knew I’d come to the right place,” Ruth sighed thankfully. “ None of those men out there would have the least sense, I’m sure. It’s just this, captain,” and she thrust the paper into his hands. “ H-m! I see,” Lawton smiled. “What did you do?” “ Nothing, absolutely nothing! I could not park my car, and I only ran in a min- ute to get my new hat. When I came out that horrid traffic officer told me I’d have to appear in court to-morrow morn- ing. And he was really mean about it, too! ” 4	A “Not rude, I hope!” Lawton cut in quickly. “ Oh, no—I don’t suppose so—just cross and stem and dreadfully persistent.” “ Did you shut off your engine?” he asked. “ No.” \ “ Ah, my dear young lady, that’s where the trouble comes,” Lawton explained re- provingly. “ Yoy are far too clever a wo- man not to realize, I’m sure, that cars must be handled cautiously. We have had too many accidents lately. You knew the rules?” “ Yes.” She hesitated, and then with a quick smile added, “ But I, was only there a second! ” “ I’m sorry,” Lawfcon smiled back, “ but we have to tighten up. Rules and regula- tions must be enforced. Anyway, since this is your first offense, you won’t get it too hard from the judge in the morning.” “ But I can’t come,” Ruth persisted, opening her blue eyes wide. “ I’m going down to Lexington for the races, and I must be on my way by nine to-morrow.” Lawton shrugged his sihoulders and looked at her quizzically. “ What about.this?” he queried, smooth- ing out the rumpled summons. “ This is as binding as the laws of the Medes and Persians, you know.” “ That’s just why I came to you.” Ruth smiled again. “ Don’t tell me that a man like you, loaded with all those brass but- tons and things—a big, strong man—can’t do something with a scrap of old paper that will let me go on down to Kentucky!” Lawton watched the sunlight stream through the dust-smeared window’s and bring out the golden crinkles in the hair that shone in soft little puffs over her ears. He noted that the cornflower-blue of her hat matched the violet eyes, and realized that the fresh pinkness of her cheeks was only outdone by the richness of her curving lips. He took in all this, and listened as she went on: “ You see, captain, it isn’t as though it were just an automobile race or a boat race, or anything ordinary like that. This is a horse race—the famous Lexington Trots,50 ARGOSY:ALLSTORY WEEKLY. you know—and I’m from Kentucky—and —well—you see how it is! I just have to go!” She paused and pouted alluringly. “ You love a good horse, now don’t you, captain?” “ I sure do,” he laughed. “ I’m a Ken- tuckian myself—but I’m not captain/’ he hastened to explain. “ Just lieutenant.” “How stupid of the force!” she cried demurely. “ You ought to be a general at least—avman with your intelligence!” They both laughed, but Ruth still watched with inward uneasiness as Lawton glanced every so often at the paper. She remembered what Foley had said about his being “ hard-boiled.” Kentucky and horses seemed a safe topic, so she flew back to solid ground. “ When you see them pul‘1 on the bit and stretch out round the track—doesn’t it just thrill you to death!” she cried. Lawton grinned boyishly. “ And then when the bell rings! And the cheering crowds! Oh, Lord!” he sighed, leaning back in his chair. “ I tell you what to do,” Ruth suddenly propounded. “ Why don’t you go to the races yourself? Then you could easily for- get that I was supposed to be here!” “ No.” He shook his head slowly. “ I’d like to. Lord, how I’d like to! You see,” he confided, “ I come from Danville. So I know just how you feel.” “ Do you really!” Ruth exclaimed in un- feigned delight. * “ Then you know the Ab- bots and the Martindales, I suppose. My home was in Lexington.” “ For the love of Pete!” Lawton ejacu- lated. “ Sure, I know them all. I’m Fred Lawton.” Ruth thrust out a warm, impulsive hand. “How heavenly!” she squealed. “I’m Ruth Chester—the Doanes’ cousin.” Chattering and laughing and comparing notes, they talked on, while Lawton fell deeper and deeper under the spell. Suddenly Ruth asked, “ What is your verdict, officer?” “ Well, I’ll tell you,” he answered de- liberately. “ Go on to your races. Heav- en knows I envy you, and we’ll postpone the case until you come back.” “ But, my very dear Mr. Lawton,” Ruth wailed, “ you know I wouldn’t have one minute’s rest or peace or fun, with that thing hanging over my head. Now you, with all your persuasive influence ’’—she looked him full in the face—“ can fix it so that I don’t have to come back here at all.” With sparkling eyes and beguiling lips this daughter of Eve waited. Lawton grinned sheepishly and fell. “ I suppose we Kentucky men are eter- nally handicapped,” he admitted. “ Our love for our blue-grass horses and women continually leads us astray.” He tore the offending paper to shreds and dropped the scraps into the waste- basket. “ You nice, nice thing!” She smiled rap- turously. “ I knew all along you were an officer and a gentleman.” “ I’ll have to fix it somehow with De- laney,” he declared. “ If we had more like him, though, we’d soon get rid of pests that break the parking laws.” “ Like me,” she added, gaily exuberant. “ Yes, like you,” he retorted. “ And now I’ll tell you such a funny thing that happened to me lately. I had parked my oar too long in one place ’way down-town in front of a store, and when I came out there was a hateful slip telling me to show up at court! What do you sup- pose I did?” Lawton shook his head. “ I haven’t the remotest idea,” he replied. “ I went straight to a telephone and called up the police. I told them I had left my car in front of the library and when I went to get it, it was gone, and I knew it had been stolen. I gave them the num- ber and a full description. Then I went home. In less than an hour they called me up and said the car had been found and was safe and sound, and the thief had left it down-town and the traffic officer— Delaney, I suppose—had carded the wind- shield. They were terribly sorry I had been inconvenienced, they said, and could I go at once and claim it. I could and did!” Lawton grinned. “ Darn smart and clever—but don’t try it again, for I’m on —and I’d hate to have to arrest you.”BRASS BUTTONS. 51 Ruth’s eyes fell sedately, but her lips still curved upward and her cheeks dim- pled. “ Now, Mr. Lawton, to show you that I’m really not always in trouble, do come to-night to my house. I’m having a dance, and I’ll not be happy unless vou’re there. Will you?” “ In uniform?” he laughed. “ Surely—brass buttons and all. I’ve always wanted to dance with a policeman,” she confessed. “ I’ll be there—sure thing,” he promised, bowing her out of the door. Triumphant and elated, she drove home. “ What a lark!” she thought. He was by far the best-looking man of her acquaintance, and at dinner she regaled her family and guests with the tale. The story lost nothing in its telling. Every de- tail was vividly presented to the shouting and appreciative audience. “ Watch out for your policeman friend,” her partner warned later on as he guided her to the strains of the most papular foxr trot. “ We’ll all be pinched if you don’t handle him right.” “ My word! There he is!” Ruth gasped, half unbelieving as the tall, blue-coated of- ficer appeared in the doorway. “ Didn’t think I’d do it, did you?” Law- ton gibed as Ruth, in a cloud of filmy blue tulle, met him with outstretched hand. “ I was a bit staggered,” she admitted as he swung her on to the floor, “ but only delightedly so.” “ Wholesome respect for the uniform, of course,” Lawton teased. Ruth giggled. “ I never knew what fun a policeman could be. I’ve always felt a bit shy of them.” Lawton hooted in derision. “ Well, you managed a telling camouflage, then! No one would ever suspect.” Tall and straight, easy of manner, and a wonderful dancer, Lawton was exploited by Ruth as her latest find. His tight- fittir.g blue suit, brassy of buttons, stood out among the conventional black dothes of the men and the frilly, fluffy nothings that made up their partners’ lack • of cos- tume. “ You must tell me all about the races,” he reminded her at the end of the eve- ning. “ I wish you could be there. We’d cheer ourselves hoarse on the winner.” “ You don’t wish it one-half as bad as I do!” Lawton exclaimed feelingly. So Ruth Chester did not go to police court at nine the next morning. Instead, she was speeding south to her beloved blue- grass land. Incidentally, between races and parties, she made it her business to find out all there was to know about the Lawtons—and especially Fred. What she discovered only served to set- tle the pleased anticipatory,smile on her red lips, and when she returned home she tele- phoned him at once, asking him to dinner. He accepted with alacrity. “ He seems nice enough,” Mrs. Chester agreed anxiously, “ and of course, Ruth, if he is one of the Danville Lawtons, he must be all right. But it is so irregular,” she added, perplexed. “ Oh, let him come,” Bill, Ruth’s young- er brother, urged. “ He looks so kind of spiffy in his uniform. We’ve had soldiers and sailors and marines here—but never a cop before this.” “Oh, Billy!” his mother cried, horrified. “’Well, bring him along,” her father agreed. “ He can’t be any worse than some of the others.” So Lawton came—and came again. He abruptly discovered that his duties took him up north on boulevard and riding- path astride his horse. And somewhere in his immediate vicinity Ruth Chester, blond and spirited and blue-eyed, cantered along, lithe and supple in her trim habit. Her friends all laughed amusedly over Ruth Chester and her policeman as the weeks went by, and they began to look for her to tire of this new suitor and to throw him over. But he still remained firmly in the running. “ Summer was on the wane. One morn- ing after a breathless race along a country road, Lawton pulled his horse down to a walk and turned to the glowing girl beside him. “ Ruth,” he announced quietly, “ this is my last day. on the force.”52 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. “ Why, Fred!” she exclaimed in surprise, with a quick glance into his face. It was grave and determined, and yet there was a wistful something about his clear, keen eyes that made her turn her head away. “ Yes,” he repeated. “ You didn’t for one minute suppose I’d be a policeman all my life, did you?” “ Oh, but you’re such a dear in your blue and brass,” she wailed. “ Then it’s the lure of the uniform,” he said wryly. “ I had hoped—oh, yes—I had hoped and prayed, Ruth, that it might be me you liked—not this fool truck,” and he looked bitterly off into the distance. Then Ruth asked soberly: “ What are you going to do, Fred?” “ I’m leaving here next week,” he an- nounced. “ Good Heavens! ” she ejaculated weak- ly. “ For where?” “ The Philippines,” he answered, watch- ing her face. Then he reached over and took her hand while the horses walked slowly on down the lane. “ You see, Ruth, I gave up a captaincy in the army after I came back from France, and until I knew what I really wanted to do I took this job. It was only a make- shift—I got it through a pull—and I would have got off long before if you hadn’t come on the scene. Thank God you did!” he breathed fervently, crushing her fingers tight in his. Ruth looked straight ahead, while Law- ton, with his eyes fixed on each seductive curve of her cheek, continued his plea in a soft whisper. “ Now I’ve just had it offered to me again—this captain’s commission in the army—and I’ve accepted. I hate to go out alone—all the way to the Philippines. Won’t you be game and go as my running mate?” He slid his left arm around her shoul- ders and turned her head back against his chest while he looked with pleading, beg- ging eyes into hers. “ Do you look <as handsome in khaki as you do in blue? That’s what I want to know,” she asked, provokingly alluring. “ Oh, you teasing baby!” he cried in de- lirious joy. “Far more so!” He lifted her from her saddle and seated her before him, while the horses, unnoticed, continued their grazing by the side of the grassy road. Utterly oblivious of passing time, to- gether they planned and built for the fu- ture the same rosy dreams and schemes of the ages. Suddenly Ruth laughed. “ Either way I get a uniform.” Lawton smiled down into the face so dose to his. “ I really believe you’re so daffy over that outfit you’d marry a bell-boy!” “ I surely would if you had- on his but- tons!” she admitted, rubbing her cheek softly on the blue encircling arm. tr tr tr tr HEARTSEASE I CHANCED a little maid to meet (How like a lissom flower was she!)' WTho, with a modest mien and sweet, A bunch of heartsease gave to me. Since looking in her pansy eyes, So witching was their subtle thrall, Like one who walks in grievous wise, No heart’s ease have I had at all! Sennett Stephens.George Gilbert CHAPTER I. LIKE THE JACKAL. WITH steady nerve and practised hand Pierre La Forge drew back his right arm that quivered not and threw his last knife at the tense form that was outlined against the target board at the rear of the tiny stage of the Cafe Diable, center of the languid 'life of El Yaoub. The flashing blade, whirring, end-over- end, quivered, point buried in the board where the perfectly molded arm of ’Leesah Freyall melted into the still more perfect curves of her shoulder and bust. A moment she stood there, outlined in flashing, quivering blades, then, stepping down, shared the applause that was the tribute of the cafe’s patrons to the two performers. Flashing a smile and a word or two of praise to the girl and holding out for her and snugging about her the shim- mering pink-and-black light satin overgown that she donned to satisfy the proprieties and to protect her slight, blue odalesque costume from wine stains and dust, did she elect to sit and chat a while in oasis-nur- tured informality with some patron of the Cafe Diable, Pierre proceeded to gather up and put away his knives. He never permitted any one else to touch them, for they were the tools of his trade and he re- sented the slightest contact of the flesh of others on their copper, carven handles, holding, with the superstition ingrained in him, that if others used his knives he would not be able to use them well there- after. The girl already had’ stepped off-stage when Pierre had completed his task and placed the gleaming blades in their teak- wood cases—thirty-six of them, dull, sinis- ter-chased handles in rows, sheeny blades dangling into their several slotted rests. La Forge snapped the lid down, noted that ’Leesah already was sipping an iced sherbet in company with Captain Andre Troiville, with whom she was enjoying one of her periodical mild affaires, and strolled out, after leaving the box of knives with the droll, withered exempt who presided over the cafe’s desk. Pierre liked the old sol- dier, and often wrote letters home for him; on his part Fourchette, the veteran, had a deep admiration for the knife-thrower. Perfect accord existed between Pierre and ’Leesah. They had formed their alli- ance two years before in Cairo, where an injury to the then rising dancer’s ankle had forced her to seek means of livelihood less active. The strained tendons healed awry and she was left with a limp—and no pro- fession, save one that she read in the eyes of men. And then Pierre came, having heard of her plight, and offered her half his act, then untried, and she had accepted, becoming the living statue about which he placed his flashing blades. But one tiling was required of her—steady nerve—and after Pierre had shown her how he could split a tiny bangle with the tip-point of one of his whirring blades at twenty paces, fifty times running, she had no more fear. 5354 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. After that they had idled about Egypt, Morocco, Tunis, Algeria, ir coast towns, in oases—wherever they coulcr secure en- gagements. In Paris their act would have been a sensation, but out back of beyond it was an every-day bit of frivolity sudh as passes unnoted, almost, in obscure Near East or north African resorts, year by year. Pierre and ’Leesah, each a product of cross- breeding in lands of wonder, recked not of Paris or Berlin or Vienna. The very names were-far, far away. The two were of the little folk of the world of amusement, chas- ing care from the dark brows of wrinkled traders, men of Mars, camel merchants, bazar folk, Jew gem merchants, rug buy- ers, sweetmeat sellers and the like in the Lands of Mixed Peoples under the brazen sun of Egypt and her dimmer neighbor- lands. If ’Leesah wished to enjoy a mild period of amusement with some friendly male who was attracted by her brown-rose shoulders, languid eyes with half-lights of sombre meaning, white teeth like peeled almonds, hands of the softest when they touched one’s cheek, why, Pierre only laughed, for he had the privilege of amusing him- self, and found it not hard to make women see that his supple, hard-muscled, tense body, his oval, beautiful face, his slender, strong hands, and easeful attitudes as he stood about the bazars or sat idling in cafes, or strolled about in all sorts of queer quarters in his usual Bedouin costume, were interesting and attractive. The heritage of purposeful languor from his Araib mother, tempering the fiery inpetuosity of his Gallic father, had given him poise, charm, cour- age, delightfully blended. The desert moon’s sickle, occulting with one mystic-rayed star, feebly lighted the dim, shadow-wrapped street onto which Pierre had stepped. A few strides took him from the cafe and its lights. A warning cry made him flatten against a wall as a late- coming string of camels sprawled by, bound for the caravansary. From latticed win- dows eyes flashed in vain, for Pierre was minded to stroll. To stroll, and, oddly enough, to think of—’Leesah! Pshaw! Past walled-up fronts of houses, with their shielded delights, La Forge idled, the last hulking camel serving as his guide. A new cry behind warned him in time to give way to a smaller line of desert burden-bear- ers. He saw them sway by the niche in the wall into which he had stepped—saw that they were led by a giant dromedary of the choicest racing breed, which was followed by his mate. Then he fell in be- hind the second lot and went slowly onward without purpose or plan. The first string of camels entered the dim gate of the rest-place, but the second went straight past. Pierre, the Bedouin half of him yearning for the tang of real Arab tobacco, the reek of camel-dung fires, the taste of bitter-sweet, thick coffee, al- most turned into the caravansary. But the lure, of the giant dromedaries gripped him as he noted that their drivers kept on, as if to cross the town and camp in the sands at the edge of the oasis. He followed the urge that swirled him past the dim gate and into the track of the lurching beasts, that, spectral-wise, faded as he watched into the melting quiet distance. Among the sand-billows the dromedaries were stopped. Afar La Forge saiw them grouped for the night—saw the hair tents silhouetted against the glow that enrimmed the distant horizon. Then, and then only, did he venture forward, sending howling ■into the farther night a skulking jackal that had been, like him, a watcher of the making of the new camp. The voice of the grave-robbing animal made the blood of La Forge run icy for a heart’s beat, and for once he knew fear. Never before had a jackal’s plaint so affected him! “ I would have speech with your sheik,” La Forge said to the wiry, erect Arab who accosted him at the edge of the ring of tents. Already the reek of the smoke his nos- trils craved for was on the mild air. The day had not been one of the greatest warmth; the sun’s slumber had brought out a faint, potent coolness. The sand was pleasantly warm underfoot. The dromeda- ries made their stomachs to rumble and moaned in comfortable dissonances. “ Be off!” the man called. “ We want no guests.” Pierre glanced keenly at the fellow andEYES OF THE DEAD. 55 saw that his pale, lean face had taken on an oddly cold pallor under the moon’s faint sheen. Yet the black beard of him rip- pled onto his white tunic, and the motion of his threatening arm was vigorous. “ Peace; let the stranger come forward,” a mellov\r, even voice called from the near- est tent, one larger than the others. The voice had in it, with its mellowness, a hollow, echoing overtone that made Pierre start, for it was akin to the distant sound of the jackal in the silvered wastes without the camp. He went forward, and before that larger tent saw a man sitting, his face toward the east, the scant moonbeams falling softly upon it. He motioned Pierre to a seat on the rug beside him, and La Forge, after a few words. of greeting, sat down. Clap- ping his hands softly, the man ordered a black servant who appeared to serve the guest with sweetmeats, and soon, having eaten dates, honey-cakes, and drank thick, heavy coffee, La Forge sat smoking, at ease. The sheik placed a tiny pinch of some aromatic atop Pierre’s pipe’s glowing dottle, and he found it soothing; talk be- tween the two men was aslant, on subjects distant from the immediate hour. Pierre found the Sheik Ben Yousef ready to listen to his phrases, explaining his mixed blood, the urge that came upon him at times to meet and touch hands with the desert-born. He wagged his great white beard as Pierre told of his talent and profession. Ben You- sef did not eat with Pierre. His face, wan, ivorylike, and his great sunken eyes, held the knife-thrower’s regard. The lean, eager fingers, picking at the folds of his gray-dun robe, seemed never still. Except that he sat erect, his age, his long silences, his wan face, the picking of the fingers at his robe, suggested the actions of one touched with the spirit of the Great Change. “ And this woman of yours, who stands up and lets you cast your great knives at her! Is she, then, so brave?” the old Arab asked. “ As I have said, O father of manv faith- ful!” Allah, what a woman!” His eager, bleached hands stroked his huge, flowing white beard. All about them was a ring of silence. No one from the camp had approached since La Forge had been bidden to the seat of honor. The old man fell to musing, and La Forge watched him, head cupped on hand, elbow on the sand at the rug’s edge. The dromedaries grumbled; afar the jackal howled his dislike of life and his homage to death that gave him food. “ He does well to howl,” the grim sheik said, as if to himself. Again the grave-robber gave tongue in the wastes. “ It is a strange way to live; to appear before crowds, to cast death-blades, to be joined to a woman, yet not her mas- ter,” the old man said suddenly. “ What would you say, son, were I to show you a stranger way>still?” “ Say on,” Pierre answered, his body atingle with the sense of a coming adven- ture. He inhaled deeply of the aromatic- scented tobacco, that the sheik had re- newed. He found it soothing, yet it aroused vagrant thoughts. “ I live by death, like the jackal.” He stroked his great beard softly and low he laughed, and again Pierre sensed in his laughter that Which he had sensed in the mellowness of his voice when he first had heard his voice—'kinship with the voice of the skulking animal. “ Come,” Ben Yousef said suddenly, springing up with vigor surprising; “ you have come to me trustfully, have eaten with me. Come!” He strode off between the tents, toward the greatest of the sand hills. Pierre found it hard to keep pace with the old man. None of the camp-followers attempted to follow them; all continued to chat about their reeking fires. Within several of the tents faint lights gleamed and soft laughter seemed to float out onto the cool air. The old man sat bending over, drabbling his lean, ghastly hands into the sand’s tiniest waves at the foot of the great hill, before Pierre could catch him up. The little camp was distant a few hundred paces. As Pierre stepped to his side the sheik grunted with muscular stress and then in the tawny floor of the desert'yawned a56 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. hole as the old man swung back a door that had covered a stairway of stone leading un- der the huge sand mound. " I have traveled far, far, to come to this place again,” the old man said, straightening up and stroking his sweeping beard, while his sunken eyes seemed to phosphoresce under their terrible brows; “ let us go down; you first, I after.” He waved his hand. Pierre stepped to the head of the stairway, impelled thereto by a feeling of irresistible yearning. The air was not dank; it seemed warm, invit- ing. The stairs were few and not steep, yet brought him to a passageway that seemed deep and ample. Urged by Ben Youself, La Forge went forward and felt his way along a hollow-sounding corridor. Suddenly he came to a door, nail-studded, and paused. “ Let me find the torch and make a light,” the old man said, his voice reso- nant yet queerly distant, in the gloom. His finger-nails scratched against the rock; then came the touch of steel on hard stone. A spark glowed on tinder, then came the flare from the torch. The flame of it swept back over the big, stooping shoul- der of him; his eyes gleamed dully. Pierre saw a hand-grip on the door, and, urged by his mentor, twisted the grip and sent the door swinging wide. They stepped over the threshold together. The torch, slaying the writhing shadows, showed merely a small cavelike room and at its far end the figure of a man seated on a stone, his back against the wall. The figure was dressed in burnoose and robes of white. The hands, resting in the lap, were with- ered. The eyes were sunken, spectral proofs that once they had looked abroad and in- formed their owner of things afar or anear. “ Behold the body of the holy Marabout of El Yaoub,” the old man said grimly. For the second time that night, and in his life, fear knocked at La Forge’s heart. But he put the feeling from him with the valiance of pulsing manhood. “ No real man fears to look upon death.” The old sheik’s hollow chuckle behind him was like the rasping of bleaching bones. “ No man fears to look upon the dead, mayhap, but to look upon death! See the eyes of the dead!” Pierre glanced more and more sharply at the eyes, and, as the torch wavered and flickered, they seemed to dance in their sockets, dried and sunken as they were, and a peculiar glaze seemed to film them over, the pupils especially becoming cloud- ed; then they appeared wrinkled, evil. “ This Marabout,” Ben Yousef said soft- ly, his words falling like echoes of distant omens, “ lived long, long ago. He sought for a new way, and, we believe, found it. He was a follower of Mohammed, but add- ed a new belief—that of the power of the dead over the living. It would weary you if I were to go into details, but we come here, my tribe, who are all his followers, once in ten years, to visit his tomb and to have danced before him the dance that he taught us—for he was a dervish. The dance will be soon. It will be danced by a woman of the tribe: one set apart for the service of death.” “ This is a strange belief, so different from any sect that I have heard of,” as the torch flared and the dead eyes shim- mered. “ Yes, strange, odd, but we believe! Will you stay for the dance? It will be given on the sands above.” “ I will stay.” “ It is well. Let us go above now.” They stepped outside; their feet shuf- fled along the dust-strewn corridor. Then they mounted the stairs, and the old man, insisting that he should be left to do it, let down the great door again, covering the trap. In silence they paced toward the tents. Afar the jackal howled. “ The dance will be at moon-set,” Ben Yousef said as they were seated upon the mat again. “ My people all will be ready then; let us talk.” “ Of what shall we talk?” when they were comfortable on the mat again. “ Talk to me of what you meant when you said that you, like the jackal, lived by death.” “ Said T so?” “ In very deed.” His white beard rippled as he laughed into it. The faintest echo of the jackal’sEYES OF THE DEAD. 57 unearthly voice came to Pierre, oddly clear, across the sand billows. The old man leaned toward him, and Pierre could see how hollow, how vaguely mystifying, were his eyes as he replied': “ Then mayhap it was in jest. I am old—and ramble at times.” He leaned back—clapped his hands thrice. A turbaned servitor appeared out of the shadow of the nearest hair tent and scudded away at a word. “ I have sent him,” the old sheik in- formed Pierre, “ for Merim, our dancer. She is my—my daughter.” “ But—” “ It is my wish that you see her. She will come veiled. We of this sect are at variance in customs with the other desert- born, in some things, but our women go veiled before strangers.”" “ A strange sect, truly.” The old man’s slow chuckle was his only answer. “ There, Merim is coming.” He waved his hand down the line of tents. Pierre saw a slender figure ap- proaching. The two men were standing to receive her when she came to the edge of the rug. CHAPTER II. UNDER THE SAND. “ 'TT’HIS,” Pierre heard the sheik say to I the woman, who stood, veil strictly let down, “ is a friend whom for- tune has sent to us. He will remain for the dance.” Pierre thought that a shudder swept her form. But the tremor passed, leaving her firmly erect again. “ Sit with us, Merim, and help me to make pleasant the stay of our new friend.” He waved his hand, and she sank easily to the rug, seating herself with the indolent grace of the woman of the Orient. The westering moon by now looked down at an angle that told of her setting soon.. The old slheik and Pierre sat on the rug, Pierre opposite the woman. The moon-sheen was on his face; hers was in shadow. The old man clapped his hands again, and the si- lent attendant came, this time with a tray on which were sweets and three cups, of common ware, dull-brownish, sun-baked. “ Some pomegranate sherbet,” the sheik urged upon Pierre. He took one of the cups, Merim another. Pierre took the third. The servitor disappeared. Somewhere off down the line of tents a drum began softly to throb with dull reso- nance. A reed pipe sent its keen skirl through the muffled beat of the drum. At the sounds -the woman stirred, and a little of her drink spilled on the white doth of her ample robe, and it left a stain, as of blood, that, seen against the ghostly white of the robe even under that waning moon, showed crimson. She paid no heed to this, but continued to gaze, Pierre could feel, through veil and dim light, out through her eye-holes worked in the veil, at him. “ The players are at practise for the dance,” the sheik explained. ‘ “ As for my Merim, she has no need to practise; she is perfect in her part; but come, friend, drink your sherbet.” La Forge lifted his cup, looking into its depths as it passed his chin, on the way to his lips. It seemed as though filled with some carnal liquid that had ap aroma that allured yet repelled. “ Stay! Take you the cup from Merim; let her drink of yours,” Ben Yousef called. “ See, she has barely touched hers with her lips.” .Pierre paused, his lips at the edge of the cup. He took the cup, and was dimly aware that she had reached her cup over to him. He took it, gave her his. He felt on 'the rim for the place she had wet with her lips—found it. He thought he heard the old man’s hollow chuckle as he drank. He saw the woman drink, as well. The old man placed his cup on the mat’s edge, un- tasted. The attendant came and removed the cups silently. The drum throbbed softly; the reed-pipe skirled weirdly. A tiny breeze stirred the tent-flaps; a night- bird called out in the more distant wastes; a bat flew past, squeaking evilly. In Pierre’s throat was a touch of fire— the tang of the red liquid from the cup her lips had touched. Desire began to stir58 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. in him—the desire to see behind her veil, to be anear her. The drum throbbed, the pipe’s thin-edged note keened through the rich roll of the sounding, tight-stretched skin. The old man got lightly up and gazed down at the two seated on the mat, strok- ing his white beard slowly. “ Entertain you the guest, Merim,” he said softly, “ the while I go to make sure all is ready for the ceremony.” She spoke then, for the first time since coming: “ But, my father—” Her voice was low, full, rich in liquid undertones, alluring minors that were not lost on La Forge’s desire-chained ears. “ Thy father orders it; put up the veil; entertain the stranger.” She bowed in submission and flung up the veil. The old man softly stepped away into, the sand, toward the farther tents. His chuckle trailed back as he went. Afar the night-bird called; the dun batted flitted anear. Pierre watched until the woman raised her head, seeking in the dim moonlight for a clearer view of her face. His own, he felt, was well illuminated to the eyes of one of the desert-bom by the rays of the lowering sickle. The warmth of the red drink was work- ing through and through La Forge’s being, and he felt bold—overbold. “ Tell me of yourself,” foe pleaded, bend- ing farther towarfl her. She did not draw back. “ Tell me of your life. Have you been here often to dance before the dead Marabout?” ' “ No, O stranger! Never before. From earliest maidenhood I was set apart; taught the dance by the elder women of our small tribe. But one girl of the tribe is so set apart at a time—she whom the old man elects.” “ Is he, then, not your father?” “ Yes, the father of us all.” She fell on silence then, musing, her chin cupped in one slender hand. Pierre saiw, with many glances, that in that light her face had the appearance of rounded health, was satisfying! The eyes, burning, deep, under heavily marked brows, held him for many seconds. As he gazed so, unrebuked, the drum pulsed; the pipes wailed, and the desire in him mounted as the taste of the red liquor warmed his throat’s depths. “ Tell me,” he said suddenly, “ where you get the pomegranates from which you make your sherbet? The flavor of them is most sweet.” She laughed, deep-throated, easily, and Pierre shuddered, as for a fleeting second her laughter seemed like that of the old man. But the thought passed as she said: “ We brought them from our own oasis —far to the south.” “ And it is called?” “ Ask my father.” She became silent again, toying with the folds of her robe. As La Forge watched her he felt more and more drawn to her. “ See,” she said, “ the slave forgot to remove the cup he brought for my father. If you wish it, drink his sherbet as well. Or shall I send for another cup?” She leaned forward quickly and picked up the forgotten cup from the mat’s edge. He received it from her hand, his own trem- bling. He placed the cup to his lips— drained it at a draft. He heard the jackal howl distantly. The desire in him mounted anew as the red liquid went down. He fought himself to keep from doing or saying something he should not. He cast the drained cup from him with a reckless laugh. “ Doubtless your father has betrothed you to some strong, handsome young sheik?” he felt himself saying, against all customs. “No; I am not to be wed. I am the tribe’s dancer.” “Ah!” and his breath drew in sharply. . “ But tell me of yourself,” she pleaded, bending over toward him. He began to talk, of his life, his calling, his partnership with ’Leesah, their success- es, wanderings. “ And this woman—is she beautiful, lov- ing?” “Beautiful enough,” he laugKed; “but loving? No! We are but earning our liv- ing by being together thus.” “ It would >be strange if a woman could be with you and not have thought of—”EYES OF THE DEAD. 59 So far she spoke, then: “ Thank you, Merim,” came the reso- nant voice of the old sheik, “ for remain- ing with the stranger while I was away.” He had paced up to them so softly that Pierre had not heard him. He sat down and felt along the edge of the mat. A bat swirled low, chattering. “ The stranger was athirst; I gave your sherbet to him,” she said. “ It is well; I can have another made if I desire,” he said, crossing his hands and letting them rest in his lap. “ You may go now, Merim, and be ready. I shall stay with the young man now.” She let her veil down and sprang up light- ly and was gone down the line of tents quickly* The drum’s throbbing went up in intensity; the pipe’s wail came clearer, more and more alluring. The old man waited, as if for a signal. Pierre, musing upon the girl’s strange be- havior, was silent as well. The liquor’s tang warmed him. Suddenly the drum ceased; the pipe was still. From the tents shadowy figures emerged; a line of human beings formed. “ Come!” The old sheik sprang erect and reached down for La Forge’s hand. Pierre gave him his hand and felt the persistent tug that drew him erect. The hand that he gripped was bony, cold, but of surprising vigor. “ The old man assists the young to his feet,” the sheik chuckled. “ It should not be so; you should have assisted me, but I am able to renew my strength in ways that you would not understand.” Again Pierre felt the flame of fear flick over him, but it passed in a breath and he found himself at the end of the line of waiting folk, the old man at his side. Ahead of them, unaccompanied, went the girl. The old sheik called an urgent order. The drum throbbed; the pipe skirled. The rhythm of the wild strain was communi- cated to the feet of the waiting ones, and the line moved off between the line of tents, toward the great sand hill. The reek of the red liquid he had swallowed surged up into the back of Pierre’s throat again and again as the line went on and on. The drum and pipe heightened their minor disso- nances; the feet took on quicker and quicker movements. The far moon was bending toward the glowing horizon. Pierre felt himself impelled to grasp the slender figure of the woman before him; his body fairly pulsed with some mad de- sire. The drum suddenly stopped—the pipe, too, stilled. The marchers opened up, and, guided iby the hand of the sheik on his elbow, Pierre, following the girl, went through the ordered press and foynd that they were then in the foreground of a half-moon of people who, at a signal, seat- ed themselves. The drummer, the man with the reed pipe, took statiqn before the center of the crescent. The sheik sank to the ground, as did Pierre. The girl remained standing erect. She was on the stone door- way to the crypt beneath the sands! She clapped her hands, raised them over her head. The drum took up its throbbing; the reed pipe cut into its booming. The girl, in time to the beats, began to dance, at first timidly, hesitatingly, then, aban- doning herself to the wilding urge of the music, more and more terribly in earnest. Body, limbs, head, all in play, she began to show forth tlhe greatness of her desert- born art. La Forge watched, wonder dawning upon and then possessing him as Merim, in graphic gestures, showed forth the meaning of her dance—the homage of life to death. Her obeisance to the stone portal to the tomb, her wild, yearning appeals with open arms to the earth and sky, her advances, her retreats, wove themselves together into a perfect figure of renunciation. Then, as drum and pipe went into higher and higher frenzy, she began to disregard the stone portal and to dance more and more toward Pierre, chanting, low, sweet, alluring: ! “ The eyes of the dead are on us twain; Come, let us dance—and dance again!” He felt an overmastering desire to join her, to link his energy with her own, to be part of her wooing of the unseen. Merim stood, at the close of one of her swaying figures, before him. He half arose. The people were still. Only the drummer and piper stirred as they played.60 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. “ And dance again! ” he heard her barely breathe. He bounded erect. The old sheik chuckled. The heady tang of the drinks came into Pierre’s throat again. The urge of the desire in him was terrible in its force. Merim leaned forward again, her amis were outstretched. Pierre bounded forward wildly. His robes fluttered behind him. He had lost all restraint, recked not of old sheik, cus- toms, dangers, the 'half-ring of the desert- born behind him. She clasped him as his breast touched her own that throbbed under its white robe. She flung back her veil, and the moon showed him her face, more beautiful than he had dared to dream! He,felt her swirl him. into the rhythm of the dance, heard the savage yell of approval from the crescent of humanity; heard, too, the old sheik’s dry chuckle. Then all was merged into one ecstasy of thrumming pleasure, of seething, passionate joy of the dance. What the figure wras Pierre did not know—or care. He felt that she had swept him out of himself and that they tiwo were whirling, swaying, clasped together as the mystic languor of the bar- baric music came to them, and that she was whispering to him words that set his veins on fire. Hq sought to read the depths of her eyes, but found them so deep-sunk under her great black brows that it was im- possible. The moon-sheen, as they whirled, only showed him that they were dully alight! The shouts of the people reached a fren- zy; the music urged them ever faster and faster; the old sheik’s shouts called for more and more speed of rhythm. Merim’s hot breath, that had a touch of chill in it, fanned La Forge’s warm cheek. The fig- ure she was making with him closed in, came to a finale in a furore of energy, and then they were erect for a single tense instant, her arms clasping him strongly, and he felt underfoot the stone of the tomb’s grim portal. Then Pierre sensed that the human cres- cent had doubled in upon thgm and that they were surrounded by a yelling, gesticu- lating crowd. The girl, frantic with the excess of excitement, drew Pierre down, down. The ring about them was broken by the old sheik. With intent purpose he reached them, and the girl, her lips at Pierre’s ears, murmured: “ Do not be alarmed; lie down with me.” She drew him down, down, and as the old man stood over them they were prone. At once the people, at a signal, began to heap sand over them. Merim drew her veil over Pierre’s face and her own, and it kept the sand from their mouths, nostrils, and ears. She told him to use his elbow to make of the veil a support that kept the sand from his face. She protected her own. The flavor of the red drink was in Pierre’s throat; the urge of the strange ad- venture strong upon him. Their bodies were weighted by now with the sand. The talk of the people ceased or was blotted out by the sand’s deadening screen between ear and outer air. Pierre could feel the girl’s warm body beside his in their bed of sun-kissed sand. She was murmuring something to him that chained his ears as the tang of the red drinks chained his will. It was something about the “ eyes of the dead,” about youth, strength, the desert wind, the tinkle of wa- ter over rocks— And then he felt her warm kisses on his lips, and heard her saying the most un- believable phrases—that linked death to life. And then he seemed to forget that he was Pierre La Forge and to drift out and far on a ripple torrent of happiness, perfectly shared. CHAPTER III. THE KISS OF VISION. IN the half-light of false dawn Pierre stirred under the sand heap. He felt that Merim was beside him. An irrita- tion, a repulsion, .whelmed him. He wrig- gled from under the sand and found that he could extricate himself easily. He- drew apart from the sand heap and watdied herEYES OF THE DEAD. 61 awaken. She opened her eyes, then shut them so quickly that he was not able to see into their depths. He glanced about. The tents were gone! He stared at the place where the drom- edaries had been, at the marks that showed where the tents had been. He stared at the prints of the feet in the sand that had* not yet been effaced by the dawnnwind’S sifting. Then he stared back at the girl, just emerging from under the sand heap. She had her veil down as she sprang up- right. She came quickly toward him and took his face in her two hands. He felt their chill. She drew him up to her, and he kissed her through the veil. She had no warmth of lip to give him; she was cold. “ Your people?” he asked. “ Where are they?” She laughed, low, sweet, yet with a hol- low resonance in her laughter. It sounded like forgotten music, minor, far-away. “ They will be here again soon,” she said. “ Perhaps they have gone into El Yaoub, and will send back some one for me.” “ Then come with me. I shall find them for you—or stay with me.” There was a succession of dismal howls on the summit of the great sand hill. It was the jackal, hymning his desire to the coming sun. To the east the horizon was showing red. Near at hand the shadows of false dawn were somber; every hither slope of sand was umberously solemn. “ If you could open the door of the old tomb, I could wait in there. I should not fear,” she said. “ You must go now.” “ But may I return?” “ Yes, to-night.” “ You will be safe here, alone?” “ Yes; I am sure. Come, lift the door. I shall help.” Under a compulsion he could not resist he bent over, side by side with her. Their hands found the huge ring in the stone slab. Together they tugged at it, and it seemed to come up easily. At her suggestion he laid it back and she went to the top step, turning to face him. “ And do you much desire to see me again?” she whispered, her hands on his shoulders as his eyes tried to pierce the veil that shielded hers. “ Yes,” and his voice had in it a deep appeal. “ Then shut your eyes, my lover.” He shut his eyes. “ I will place a kiss on each of them— a kiss that will give you vision to see me when I am gone—to see those who are not!" He waited in expectant ecstasy. He felt her breath, then her lips, on each eyelid. He heard the jackal howl. The dawn-wind came, coolly sweet. He heard a rustle, sensed an absence of that which had been near and dear—opened his eyes—swayed —felt that he was fully erect, arms out- stretched as if he had .been grasping for something that had vanished. It was full dawn. The sun was coming fast. Birds were winging overhead, sing- ing cheerily. The palms of El Yaoub were waving in the breeze. The great sand hill loomed beside him. The sand was cool. It bore the impress of his body. There was no trace of tents, of people, of a stone door in the desert’s floor. Cocks in the mud huts of the simple folk of the town’s outskirts were crowing lustily! He felt as one who had slept heavily. He began to walk about, then to run. Then he took firm hold on himself and steadied. He walked—toward the town. He felt deeply moved, yet dared not dwell upon the affair too much. But he determined to put it to the test. He stopped at the caravan- sary and questioned the gate-tender: “ Tell me, O keeper of the gate, did a small tribe, with great dark dromedaries, leave this morning?” “ Even so, O most just. They made their camp near the great sand hill for the night, and left early for the Waddy of Zin—” “ Early!” “ Yes; they passed before the daw'n, and they went mourning.” “Mourning?” “ Yes; the old sheik, their leader, told me that his daughter, a maiden of great beauty, died in the night, and they were going to their home oasis to give her sep- ulture. The body was bound on the back of the great black dromedary that led their herd. I saw a stain, as of blood, on her robes.”62 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. Pierre clutched at the gate’s post to keep from falling. “ You too are ill, most just,” the old man cried out in alarm. “ Your eyes are glazed like the dead’s; your face is white! Let me assist you!” “ No; it will pass,” and Pierre drew him- self upright. “I must go now. Peace!” “And with you, peace!” Pierre went staggeringly, then gained more and more control over himself. By the time he reached the Cafe Diable.it was time for breakfast, and he had recovered self-control in larger part. He had cof- fee, his own narghile to smoke. In time his agitation died down and he became strangely calm and almost peaceful. He waited until ’Leesah came in for her meal. She entered, glanced about, smiled, came swiftly toward him with expression fleetingly wistful. “ Where were you?” she bantered, light- ing a cigarette to keep him company. “ Off on some of your night-raids? Ah, you men, you men!” She pouted prettily, and he saw how firm and rounded was her chin and how glorious the lines of her shoulders and neck. She bent over to puff a ring of smoke at him— something she often did in mock-play. He noted that she was glancing at him in- tently. “ Did you have a nice evening—with TroiviMe?” he asked calmly, giving her look for look. “ No; he only amuses me because—there is no one else.” “ Oh,” puffing deeply in his hubble- bubble. “ But if some one else does not amuse me soon, Troiville may,” and she laughed shortly. Again he saw the flash of evanescent wist- fulness. “ Ah,” puffing deeply again. “ Pierre! ” she cried out suddenly. “ What are you doing with yourself that your eyes are so—so dead? The pupils, Oh, the pupils, they seem to me like—like those of dead fish. Ugh! You must take care, more sleep! ” She shuddered, turned her eyes away. He laughed hollowly, got up, dropped the am- ber of his pipe carelessly, and went to his room that was in a near-by house. He glanced nervously at the mirror over his un- used bed. He stared. She had spoken the truth. His two pupils were' curiously shriv- eled and clouded and seemed to lack life. Yet he could see clearly—better than he ever had seen. Resisting a strong tendency to run, to walk about, to seek for he knew not wrhat, La Forge came from his room into the narrow, croaked street.* He intended to go past the Cafe Diable, into the more squal- id parts of the town—to wrander about, to think as he went. But at the door of the cafe he was accosted by old Martin, the exempt, with: “ M. Pierre, would you be so kind, this morning—” It was Martin’s usual way of prefacing a request for La Forge to write a letter home for him. He welcomed this interruption, hoping the kindly chat he would have with Martin would steady him down. He smiled and turned in with the ancient chatterbox, whose tongue clattered on: “ See, your box, with the knives in it, is all dusted and cleaned. No one has opened it. I would not permit that, enfin/ My letter to-day is for my son’s wife. I have one from her. I know it is hers by the postmark, you see. You taught me how’ to tell that postmark. Here is the letter. Now read it for me, and here are sheets and envelopes and my own pen and ink. Together we shall wrrite her a famous reply. Why, what is the matter?” La Forge by this time had the letter open and was seated behind the desk with Mar- tin. Knowing the extreme love of the old exempt for his wife’s favorite, his only son’s daughter, he had allowed a serious expres-, sion to come over his face as he had read the opening lines: I am very ill, but hope to be better soon, dear grandpapa. But finding the old man had suspected bad news, and seeing that the way was thus paved for breaking it, Pierre gently read the missive, one of those humble, simple, tender ones such as common folk write each other in moments of deep trouble.EYES OF THE DEAD. 63 “ But you see,” Martin clutched at the final line, “ she says distinctly that the doctor says the case will run its course in a few days, and she says ‘ au revoir,’ not ‘ farewell.’ Blanche is a sensible girl, and would not hold out a false hope. Come, let us write her a cheerful letter that will reach her a month hence, when she is all recovered, and it will make her laugh. Let me tell you once again, M. Pierre, what a girl she is. Merry, with black eyes and rosy cheeks, hair in ringlets, quick in word and act, and in her starched Normandy head- dress and with hand-knit lace edging her apron—what a cure for sore eyes, mon- sieur!” At the words “ sore eyes ” Pierre sud- denly passed his hand over his eyes, for the words brought up the thought of what he had seen in the mirror in his own room but a few moments before. And his eyes were burning! Old Martin leaned forward and ex- claimed: “ Ah, your eyes! Are they sore? They are like mine were during the old campaigns in the desert, when the smoke of the fires got into them! But, no, it is not that. De- cidedly, M. Pierre, you must see one of the native healers. We have no European doc- tor here, but those native hags are clever. I can tell you of one that—” “ No; it is nothing; it will pass. I did —did get smoke in my eyes -last night. But to return to your famous letter. What shall I say to Blanche, your son’s wife?” “ Ah, yes! The letter! ” He was attentive as a child now. He pursed his lips, made as if to compose some erudite sentence. Pierre suggested a phrase, which Martin adopted as his own, nodding consent. Pierre glanced at the old man from time to time. His eyes were burning a bit. Of a sudden, over the old man’s shoul- der, he saw, as it were, a shadow, a dim outline of a pretty woman with Norman coif, lace-edged bodice. She seemed to have black hair; yes, hair in ringlets, rosy cheeks, and she was smiling. Old Martin had de- scribed Blanche to him so many times that he seemed to know who the woman was, and it did not seem strange that he could see her there in the little desk-niche of the Cafe Diable, oasis of El Yaoub. His pen continued to scratch; he continued to sug- gest neat phrases to Martin, who smiled and made each his own thankfully. The final one was: I know this will find you recovered from your slight illness and that your next letter will be more cheerful than the last. Pierre glanced over Martin’s shoulder again, and the impression that he could see a woman there deepened. She seemed to regard him mournfully, and placed one forefinger up as one who denies and shook her head slowly. He could see behind her the cracks on the wall, the web of the green-gold spider to whom Martin fed flies. He even noted that she had a tiny brown mole on the point of her rounded chin. His eyes swept down to the paper again. He signed the letter for Martin and gave Mar- tin the pen to make his cross with. He glanced up again. His eyes had ceased to bum. The woman no longer was there! Martin glanced up gratefully. “ Ah, M. Pierre,” he said warmly, “ how can I thank you? You are so kind. All I can do to repay you is to keep your knife- case in order and safe. Dianterre, that is not much. But it is all an old exempt can give.” “ I am only too glad to help you, Martin. But, tell me, did not your Blanche have a mole on the point of her chin?” “ Of a surety, monsieur! 1 have told you of that, too? You are so kind to be so interested in us. But whv do you ask?” “ Oh, papa, merely to refresh my mem- ory.” Pierre glanced by the old man again, but saw nothing. He smiled warmly at Mar- tin, addressed the letter with a fine flourish, sealed it, and gave it to the. ex-soldier. He thought to escape from Martin’s voluble thanks by going to a table in the rear of the cafe and ordering a cooling drink. He had a curious, penetrating thirst, that wras growing on him, he then realized, and to the nimble Syrian who came for his order he gave the call for “ a pomegranate sher- bet.”64 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. He wanted such a sherbet, rich, red, cool, to touch the seat of the craving in his throat. He wanted to glance into the depths of the red, red liquid, to sip it— The Syrian slid the sherbet cup across the little tabl» to him. He was about to take it by its stem when he heard Martin saying: “ Here are your cigarettes, M. le Cap- tain. Yes, M. Pierre is in the rear room.” Pierre heard the crisp, precise step of Trpiville; next he stood smiling down upon the knife-thrower. “ To what do I owe the honor, Troi- ville?” Pierre asked rather shortly. He wanted to be alone, to rearrange his dis- ordered thoughts. Least of all did he wish to gaze upon the captain’s ruddy, well- shaven face, listen to his heavy jests. “ Were you about the town last night?” said Troiville, seating himself at Pierre’s rather forced invitation. “ Yes?” with rising inflection. “ I know you often visit odd corners here and hear much queer gossip. As head of the native police 1 have to know such things.” “ Yes?” more sharply still. “ There is a report among the natives that an old sheik, from Zin, and his little tribe, was here last night on some religious errand. He belongs to some obscure sect and has a few followers here. Did you by chance see a small band of Arabs, with giant black dromedaries leading their herd?” “ Yes, near the great sand hill, beyond the caravansary. “ Thanks. I wanted to be sure. They went away before dawn, I am told. 1 am glad they have gone. Those strange sects are apt to stir up trouble.” Pierre waited, eyed Troiville keenly. His eyes were hurting again. He kept them on the table and sherbet, spinning the glass by its stem. The captain ordered a drink, and Pierre judged there was more to come. Troiville sipped his drink, smacked his full, red lips with pure animal enjoyment. Pierre stole a glance past him and, behind him, seemed to discern dimly a form like that of Merim, the eyes all but blazing through the slits in the down-hung veil. The ap- pearance vanished as he strove to focus his eyes upon it, and the pain in his pupils eased up. Just before at faded he sensed that Merim’s finger was on her lip in a gesture of warning for him to be silent as to her. Pierre took up the pomegranate sherbet and drained it at a gulp. He hoped for a penetrating satisfaction from the drink— the result was a flat, sugary taste on his palate and tongue that was disappointing. The thirst for some peculiar, nerve-easing draft continued to be strong upon him. He ordered an absinthe. “ Absinthe! So early!” Troiville chaffed, after sipping the last of his sherbet. “ Sang Dieu! What nerves you must have, to be able to sip absinthe so early and to have control left at night to hurl your knives within a fraction of an inch of the lovely form of Mile. ’Leesah.” Pierre laughed softly, sipped his absinthe again. It did not cure his thirst entirely, but it was better than the sherbet, flatly sweet. He lifted his eyes and studied the cap- tain’s face, and found the captain eying him as well. Troiville was a robust man, and his gay peace-time uniform, with its braiding, lightly worn fatigue-cap, suited him to a marvel. His neat little mustache of tawny hue he caressed from time to time as he talked. Troiville smiled engagingly, then leaned both elbows on the table, made his five fingers of his right hand meet exactly the five of his left before his deeply cleft chin. When he had adjusted them to his satisfac- tion he said: “ M. La Forge, a few words with you, as a man of sense.” “ Yes?” and Pierre, as well, leaned for- ward. “ In regard to— You will pardon me, I am sure, in any case?” “ Ah, be at ease!” “ Well, then, in regard to your pretty companion—” “ Mile. Freyall?” “ Hein?" “ What then?” “ What then? But, ma foi, what ails your eyes this morning?” 4	AEYES OF THE DEAD. 65 “ I was near an Arab fire last night.” “ Ah, I see. The reek of their fires is hard on the eyes of we French. But I should think that you, half Bedouin, would not -be so affected. But, that is aside. As to your pretty companion?” “ Well?” the voice. sharp now. He rubbed his eyes. He had seen Merim’s semblance behind the captain’s chair again. His eyes burned deeply. “ We are talking as sensible men?” “ I hope so, monsieur. But I fail to see where this will lead to.”- “ In good time! You may have noticed -	that I have paid some attentions to her.” “ That is her affair, monsieur.” “ Ah! Then your relations are only for- mal?” “ Businesslike, monsieur. But why all this parley?” “ I am practically in exile here. I seek for what amusement can be found.” “ What then?” “ Before now I have found player-women amusing, but—” “ You have not found Mile. Freyall so?” “ No; ma joi, she is so—precise, cold, proper.” Pierre could feel his eyes burning anew. He leaned'back, laughed nervously, rubbed his hand over them. When he took his hand away he saw again Merim at the back of Trodville’s chair. She had her veil up and was smiling and pointing toward Troi- ville. Her glance was Ml of meaning, her smile scornful. “ Troiville,” Pierre said sharply, “ what you say about my companion should be said—” He paused. Merim had vanished. “ Yes?” Troiville urged. “ Should be said to Mile. Freyall. It is not for we two to sit here in a cafe and chatter about her. You are excited or ner- vous and have forgotten your customary poise. I overlook it. But, let us not dis- cuss her again. She is a good girl—and you know it. Who better, after your pur- suit of her?” Troiville’s face went white, then red. He started up with such force that his chair clattered over backward. “ And let me tell you more, Troiville,” 5	A Pierre’s voice went on, firm, even. His eyes did not smart by now. “ You are in command in El Yaoub. Yes, in full com- mand, with your company of the —th of the line and your native police. We two are but strolling mummers, and you often have amused yourself with such. But in this case you will not amuse yourself fur- ther. If Mile. Freyall accepts your atten- tions, well and good. If she objects, and you persist, well—” “ Well, what?” and the captain leaned forward, his lips drawn back, showing his strong, white teeth. “ Well, I can split a bangle at fifty paces with one of my knives. . Draw your own conclusions, monsieur.” CHAPTER IV. THE MAJOR AND HIS AID. HE glanced over Troiville’s shoulder. He could see Merim plainly now. His eyes burned. She was smiling approvingly. The strange thirst in his throat’s depths gripped him, even then. Merim’s appearance faded. His eyes ceased to bum. Troiville had turned and was going out of the cafe. No one had been in; no one had observed their talk and its dramatic de- nouement. Old Martin drowsed in his chair at the desk. The waiters were all lounging in the shadow of the wall in the court out- side. “ Remember!” he called after Troiville. The sullen captain turned and regarded him a moment steadily, then went out of doors. The flies buzzed. Outside a camel, pass- ing, granted. Its driver chode the beast in choice Arabic of great force. La Forge spun his empty cup, got up quickly, and went out. Troiville had gone. The street was empty. The sun had smitten all life in El Yaoub, apparently, and the commu- nity was dozing. Pierre went to his own rooms and sprawled on a divan. His eyes burned. He got up and looked at them in the mir- ror. They were oddly clouded and even sunken as to their pupils. He rubbed66 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. them, then laid down again. At once the pain in his eyes ceased. He became aware, after what seemed a long time, of a pres- ence in the room. He shut his eyes and waited. Two fingers were laid, one on each of his eyes. The pain stopped. He feared to open his eyes, but the cooling pressure continued, and he turned his head, thus moving his eyes from under the finger-tips. He opened his eyes—saw ’Leesah standing beside the divan, smiling at him. “ You poor, poor tired lad,” she said; “ I have come with some lotion that I got of an old Arab woman who does my washing. I went to her at Once after seeing your eyes this morning. The native women have so many healing simples that I thought it would do no harm. Come, it is late, time for us to rehearse. You have slept away the morning and it is the cool of the after- noon. Come, you lazy fellow.” She tweaked his ear with her cool fingers. He found himself smiling at her. She went and sat on the window ledge and gazed down at the folk passing. Rarely had she ventured, in their travels, into such close companionship as now'. La Forge got up and sat on the edge of the divan. “ I walked past the porter at the gate and came right in. I knew you would be merely resting,” she said, with an evident effort to make small talk. He felt refreshed. He got up, flexed his muscles, washed his face and eyes, applied some of the loticfn from the little jar she had brought. He felt distinctly better, but that the thirst in the depths of his throat would not cease from troubling. She con- tinued to sit on the ledge and to gaze, ab- stracted, at the passing folk. “ Tell me, ’Leesah,” he said, speaking from some outer compulsion he could not resist, “ what you think of Troiville?” She flashed a quick glance at him, then turned her head away, gazing still down- ward and talking partly over one perfect shoulder that showed its roundedness under the prim-necked satin dress of mauve that she wore. “ Eh? Troiville? Why discuss him?” His eyes began to burn. It seemed to him that he could see Merim, behind ’Lee- sah, right alongside the wall, at the win- dow’s edge. She was smiling. “He is not worth discussing, true enough. But he disgusts me. Are you much interested there?” She threw back her head and laughed— joyously. He saw the fantom of Merim vanish, like a wisp of sun-slain mist. “ Interested? What fun? With him? So self-satisfied, so bourgeois!” Then she stopped as she saw the look of relief on his face. “ WThy, do you care if I—I amuse my- self—”. “ No; that is understood.” “ Oh!” She turned her back and glanced out of the window again. He felt his eyes bum anew. Merim was between him and ’Lee- sah again. Swinging her little foot, ’Leesah tapped the wTall under her window’s ledge with her high heel. She hummed a little Araib love- song, plaintive, sweet: “The sun slays the stars, But the night makes them live—■ Ah, love, loose the bars, Your lips, give, oh, give! The sun is our foe, Sweet night is our friend; To the wide sands we must go, Where true love hath no end.” She turned her head again. He started toward her, then drew back. Merim had all but touched him on the eyes. They burned again. He drew up stiffly. ’Lee- sah turned to him again, saying: “For one thing, Troiville is utterly im- possible, my friend. The natives here hate him.” “ They are apt to hate their conquer- ors.” “ But this is different. The old woman from whom I got the eye lotion told me w'hy. I have tried to be kind to her. She saw me go out for a donkey-ride with him the other day. She came to my room next day with my laundry. She warned me not to be seen with him, that he was bad, and would meet some terrible mishap.” “ She gave some reason for her belief?” “ Yes, this—” She paused. Pierre saw the form ofEYES OF THE DEAD. 67 Merim dissolve and vanish. The last glimpse he had of her then was of her face, smiling in contentment. “ Yes, this,” ’Leesah went on. “ It seems there is a queer sect in some distant waddy, that of Zin, I think, my friend. A small tribe. They were in here two years ago on some pilgrimage connected with their sect’s belief. Troiville, on the pre- text of political troubles, but really to have an excuse to see the reputed beauty of the tribe, a young girl named Merim, raided the camp of the strange sect. He forced his way into the tent of the old sheik, Ben Yousef of Zin, tore down the hangings sheltering the women of the sheik from public gaze, and tore off the veil of the girl Merim, and carried her off. He kept her several days and then put her forth from out the town. It made a scandal that he had hard work in covering up, and that even now is under investigation, and since then the natives, aside from the ones attached to him from mercenary motives, have been sullen to Troiville.” A sudden, gripping hate for Troiville sprang up in Pierre’s heart. Its coming took away, like magic, the thirst that had been racking him. His eyes ceased to bum. A purpose took possession of him. His form-seemed to dilate. Then said ’Deesah: “ Why, my friend, what is it? You seem better, brighter. Your eyes seem well again. That lotion was good, was it not?” She got off the window ledge quickly and came to him. She placed her fingers on his eyelids that he held motionless for her to feel. Her touch was as a benediction —tender, deft, allaying his misery. “ I can feel they are less fevered,” she said encouragingly. She stepped back. He barely restrained an impulse to reach out his arms to her. The purpose within him deepened, surged, became masterful. Yet he was not flur- ried, but calm, serene. He knew what he wanted now! Let Troiville— “ After hearing that tale,” ’Leesah was saying, “ of course I kept away from Troi- ville, unless in public. We will be going soon, my friend, and we want no trouble with him. Wre will forget him at the next place we go to.” He laughed with new resonance and as- surance. “ Come,” he said, “ let us go to the cafe for our little rehearsal. Yes, we can afford to ignore him unless he becomes offen- sive.” He ushered her out, and they went to- gether down the little stair to the street. The town was waking up again. They crossed to the cafe and passed old Martin, who nodded and gave them a warm saluta- tion. He handed Pierre the box of knives. La Forge took them, and the two went back to where the target board was. La Forge began his preliminary practise—cutting the pips from playirig cards, dipping the .ash off a cigarette held in ’Leesah’s fingers, splitting bangles. He was cool, calm, alert. He did not miss a single of his most diffi- cult throws. Finally he signaled for ’Lee- sah to take her station before the target- board. She stood before him, arms outspread, as if crucified. His thirty-six knives piled into the crook of his left arm, the handles all toward his body, Pierre picked them up, one after the other, and launched them, whirring, shining, at her. Each found its appointed place, some alongside her waist, some against her neck, some alongside her outstretched arms. Soon he had her out- lined in gleaming steel. His eyes were keen at first, and only near the close of the trial did he feel them bum. He passed his hand over them. He saw ’Leesah smiling at him encouragingly; he smiled back, yet the smile froze on his lips. At ’Leesah’s side he saw Merim. Her face was serious. Her right hand was out- stretched, the index finger pointing. He had one knife left. Her finger came to rest in the vacant spot in the steel fence about the body of ’Leesah—the vacant spot right where perfect arm came to perfect bust. She smiled meaningly, and under an urge that he could not control Pierre launched the final knife. It whirred, end-over-end, the point thudded home! It had snugged so close to the girl’s body that the force of it made muscles jar. But she, smiling, alert, was not touched! Pierre rubbed his eyes again. They had ceased to bum. Merim was gone. ’Lee-68 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. sah stepped from the knives’ hedge and praised him. “ Well done, my friend, well done. That last throw! How perfect! Your eyes must be all well by now. A little lower and inward and it would have found my heart, mon chere. But I fear not; you never miss.” She came forward, bent to inspect his eyes. He closed their lids. She touched them with her finger tips. He thought her lips touched them. There was a little commotion near the door. A soldier came in, flicked an envel- ope at old Martin, who cried out in anguish. Pierre opened his eyes and turned to the x exempt, who was holding out to him the envelope, one with a mourning border. ’Leesah ran to him and took it. Pierre came. She broke the seal for Martin and read: “ Dkar Grandpapa : This will inform you of sad news. Blanche, whose last letter told you she was so very, very ill, has since died. I am sending this by special post, learning a transport with mail leaves Marseilles to-morrow, so you should get it, perhaps with her letter.” There were further homely phrases. Old Martin heard them with head bowed. As she read the missive Pierre remembered seeing the girl in the Normandy coif be- hind the old man when he had been writing the letter for him earlier in the day. There was no appearance of the sort now though. And he remembered the words of Merim, as she had kissed his eyes upon their awaken- ing: “ A kiss that will give you vision to see me when I am gone—to see those who are not!" He oould not control the tremor of fear that swept him. ’Leesah noted this tremor—the whiten- ing of features—and asked him anxiously if he were not ill. He answered her hastily and strode to the street door. She came after him and was about to question him further, when there came a warning cry of camel folk. They glanced up the narrow, twisty way to see a group of racing drome- daries coming. They were made to kneel before the cafe, and their riders—bronzed, alert Frenchmen—alighted and strode away toward the barracks that were reached by use of a side-passage off the main thorough- fare of El Yaoub. “It is Major Cherimande, here to take command,” a gossiping sous officer informed Pierre. “ The major and his aides.” “ But Troiville—” “ Must go to Algiers to answer charges of undue oppression upon the natives— something, about that affair of the old Sheik Ben Yousef’s daughter, kein! He could not hush it up; that great lady, La Belle France, may seem to nod sometimes, but she hears all her children, white or black, in good time.” By now Pierre felt normal again. ’Lee- sah, sensing this, went, at his suggestion, for a bit of a stroll about the near-by quar- ters. A new feeling of nearness, of shy. regard for her, filled him as he gave her' his arm past muddy places. Her slight limp, from her awry foot, seemed to him as a plea for his attentions to her. A strange peace took possession of him—a peace blended with certainty of resolve. Merim, and the old sheik, seemed to fade from his mind, together with the fantasy of the previous night. Now and then he had recurrences of the strange thirst; his eyes were easeful, his nerves steady, his flesh warm. CHAPTER V. “ THE EYES OF THE DEAD.” WHEN Pierre and ’Leesah came in together for their performance, it was to find the cafe full, lights turned high. The coming of the commis- sion from Algiers, the buzz of gossip, had drawn all El Yaoub to the cafe. Major Cherimande and party were sipping iced drinks near the front of the cafe. Bazar sellers, sous officers, date buyers, rug deal- ers, chattered in a dozen tongues farther back. At a table apart, silent, scowling, was Troiville, his hat slouched over his brows. He did not give them a glance as Pierre piloted ’Leesah past him, to the lit- tle alcove behind the target board, where they made ready for their act. Pierre need-EYES OF THE DEAD. 69 ed to do little; ’Leesah had but to doff her over-robe, and then she was ready to appear in her stage costume—that of an odalesque —pink and blue satin, with tiny slippers with their toes upcurled, Tartar fashion. The talk outside buzzed, mounted. Peeping out from time to time, Pierre and ’Leesah could note how folk kept apart from Troiville and how he tried to carry off his impending disgrace with an air. ’Leesah lolled in the alcove on some cushions there. Pierre stood at the al- cove’s entrance. He was perfectly calm, content, sure of his purpose. He had re- solved, in some way, to come at Troiville. His eyes began to bum again. He tried to brush the sensation from them with a quick pressure of his finger-tips. He glanced at Troiville. Behind his chair was Merim, gazing at him, veil upraised. On her face was a glance of extreme aversion and menace. She pointed at the captain. The vision passed like dawn-slain mist. Pierre felt his eyes become cool again, and his set purpose was clearer, stronger. The olive-skinned Greeks who played for their act forsook their places as waiters and came, thrumming their instruments, atten- tive to their wonted cue. The folk in the cafe stirred. Old Martin, alert, made ready to lead the applause for his favorites, even though his face was sad over his own near grief. Pierre sent the old exempt a glance of cheer across the little pool of faces up- turned under the lamps’ brightness. ’Lee- sah stepped out beside him and sat at the side of the target board. Her time was not yet, save for placing things at which Pierre threw his gleaming blades. A ripple of plaudits rewarded their entree. Pierre went back to his place that was near the outer fringe of the cafe’s patrons. He found himself close to the chair of Troiville, which was by now much apart from all the others, as the drawing away of all had left the accused man to himself. Disregarding this, for the moment, La Forge set himself to the task at hand. He began methodically to cut the pips out of the playing cards as ’Leesah placed them for him. He heard behind him the low, 9ibilant gibes of Troiville, unheard by all the others. “ Hah, your nerves are bad; you will miss.” Or again: “ That was a poor throw, La Forge—poor for you.” Instead of unnerving Pierre, these mean slurs but steadied him as his hatred for the man deepened. Applause came from the others, Major Cherimande leading it. Pierre turned and bowed, looking over Troiville’s head calm- ly. ’Leesah, bowing, had a serene face, She was too far away to have heard Tioi- yille’s taunts. Now came the other tricks—harder. Pierre poised his knife for the throw that was to snuff the cigarette held between the girl’s red lips. Never had she seemed more beautiful to him than then, as she turned her loyal eyes to him and held her splendid body taut and stiff, that no fault of hers might mar the act. As he drew back his right hand for the cast he heard Troiville sneer: “ Your hand is trembling, La Forge!” But the knife sped true, thudded into the target board, after nipping the ash from the cigarette. Pierre turned to acknowledge the ap- plause. He permitted one glance, white- hot, to flick onto the gray, drawn face of the captain. The face of him went red at the flare of that hate-blent look. Then Pierre turned toward ’Leesah again. She was going toward the target board to take her place for the supreme act—the- out- lining of her body in the hedge of gleaming blades. Pierre turned once to note what Troi- ville was doing. He was spinning his glass, his lips framed for another taunt. It came with the cast of the first blade that, none the less, found its correct mark just over the girl’s head: “ Bah, you will kill her, with your donkey play, La Forge.” His voice was low, concentrated. It came to Pierre’s ears alone. At the cast for the point of ’Leesah’s right shoulder Troiville’s searing tongue flicked: “ Not that way, careless one; you will70 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. kill her when you cast for her left armpit, near the heart.” But the knife, whirring, flaming, found its proper billet. Applause swept the room. The girl was erect, like a statue. Her smile encouraged Pierre, and he found in it a new, unsuspected loveliness. He drew back his hand. He heard a dim taunt from Troiville. He was determined to disregard him—then. As his arm tight- ened for the cast a dart of pain swept into his eyeballs. He felt calm, sure, but— At ’Leesah’s side was Merim! Her fin- ger was pointing to the spot where the knife should strike. She was smiling. Her veil was up, over one shoulder. Her eyes seemed to phosphoresce from under her deep brows. Her forefinger was at the zone of ’Leesah’s body, on the right side. The knife sped—thudded true just where Merim’s finger had been held. Pierre smiled to himself. He was steady, cool. A desire to make a terrific finish of the act swept him. The bundle of knives in the crook of his left arm seemed as the weight of feath- ers. The sinister handles of carven copper seemed warm to the touch. Merim floated between him and ’Leesah, pointing now here, now there—knives whirred, flamed. He could feel his aim working, pistonlike. He was at the summit of human power, yet felt a vast reserve of strength within him, untapped. He finished limning out ’Leesah’s right side in sharpened steel in a burst of fiery abandon, each throw more perfect, daring, than the others. Wherever the fingers and eyes of the dead directed, he placed a huge knife. The carven han- dles, sinister, malign, were studded about ’Leesah’s tense form, quivering and shaking as each new blade whizzed home and made the target board to jar and give. A whirlwind of applause swept the crowd. “Alons! Encore!’’ ’Leesah was smiling encouragingly at him. up to a frenzy, that you may slay ’Leesah was the appearance of the desert-born girl, yet he could see past her! “ Fool,” came from Troiville, “ you are beside yourself. You are working yourself up to a frenzy, that you may slay ’Leesah for loving me. If you misthrow, phaff! it will be only an error; you will not be tried.” Pierre wheeled to acknowledge the ap- plause. Under its cover he shot at Troi- ville: “ Be easy, beast! You have ceased to live.” He turned. Merim, like ’Leesah, was smiling. She pointed to the point of the left shoulder where the next knife should go. Like lightning, Pierre launched the blade—a magnificent throw. He swung from there to the difficult casts between the limbs, snugging the fatal weapons close against the fabric of ’Leesah’s pretty, rav- ishing costume. The eyes of the dead, the fingers of her, guided him to mark out thus the form of the living. Troiville continued to sneer, to taunt. Pierre forgot 'him, it seemed; the crowd. He took knife after knife, made his hedge of glistening death creep up the outside of ’Leesah’s perfect left leg, to the knee, to the mid-thigh, to the thigh, to the waist—saw her smile. The eyes of the dead ■hired him on; his own eyes had ceased to burn, save for a little. Wave after wave of applause swept the audience. Two knives yet remained, one for the spot midway between ’Leesah’s zone and armpit, one for the armpit. As Pierre drew his arm back for the zone-cast he heard Troiville: “ La Forge, beware the last, the armpit cast. You will miss that and strike her through the heart. You want to kill her, mon ami!” He focused upon the difficult throw. Merim’s forefinger was at the exact spot where ’Leesah’s flesh and the target board seemed to melt together, midway between zone and armpit. ’Leesah was smiling trust- ingly. A wave of obstinacy, a desire to show Troiville that his nerve was equal to anything, whelmed Pierre. He cast— Thud! The blade was in the wood, its flat gleam- ing side touching the girl’s warm flesh only. A perfect throw. The cafe’s patrons were wild with enthu- siasm. Pierre was in a delirium of curious ec- stasy. He had the one knife clutched byEYES OF THE DEAD, 71 its sinister carven coppes. handle. He fon- dled it. He glanced back, turned, bowed to the applauding folk. He let his glance fall to Troiville, and, tinder cover of the cheers, fleered at the captain from a tense mouth-comer: “ If I should miss, monsieur, if I should miss, with this last blade, it shall be for you.” He turned suddenly, faced the target board. Merim was at ’Leesah’s side, her finger extended, its tip touching the very armpit. Troiville’s voice sneered from behind: “ In the heart this time, donkey.” With a blind rage seering his heart, Pierre drew back his arm. As he did so he could see Merim’s finger creep in and in. It was over the girl’s heart. He sought to-escape from the fascination of the fan- tasy of the desert-born’s presence. Her finger seemed to make its end’s impress right over where ’Leesah’s corsage ended, over the loyal beating heart of her. “ Donkey!” It was Troiville’s culminating sneer! Pierre’s arm tensed. ’Leesah smiled at him, and he could see her, through Merim’s veil, that seemSd to dangle between them, as if apart from the Bedouin girl’s body. Merim’s body vanished like a whiff of mist —but her eyes, the eyes of the dead, burned in their place and the slender finger was pinned to ’Leesah’s breast. Pierre strove not to throw, then to divert the knife, whose weight seemed to be like a feather’s burden. His arms snapped forward, the hand opened, the blade sped. “ I told you,” Troiville sneered. The fingers, the eyes of the dead, van- ished. There was a dull roar—chairs and tables were overturned. Old Martin screamed—Pierre started to- ward ’Leesah. The knife quivered—a red, red stain trickled from its edge. The point was buried deeply in the girl’s body. Pain slew the smile she tried to keep there, in her loyalty. Then, before any one could come to her, she wilted and sagged and would have crashed downward but that Pierre caught her in his arans, tenderly eased her from among the hedge of terribly sharp blades, to the floor. CHAPTER VI. BEHIND THE GREAT SAND HILC. PEOPLE surged forward, formed a mor- bid ring about them. Major Cheri- mande pushed through. Troiville was close after him, calling: “ I accuse this man of intentionally slay- ing this woman!” “ Remember you are under heavy accu- sations yourself,” the major warned, push- ing the deposed commandante aside. Troiville persisted, as Pierre gazed up at him with heavy eyes: “ Yes; he killed her on purpose, under cover of speed in his act. He took that mode, it was so safe.” “ But the motive! He loVes her; see his face,” the major said, as Pierre, answering some word of the girl’s, bent his lips to her mouth, from which the blood was begin- ning to ooze. “ He had reason to believe she loved another—or at least accorded him privi- leges that go with love.” ’Leesah sighed, her form straightened. They made way for her limbs as they stiff- ened. Pierre, with face drawn, stood erect. His hand touched the hilt of the breast- piercing knife. “ Permit me—I am an old surgeon,” and Major Cherimande ibent over. He tested the knife, drew it forth. A welter of blood followed the blade. The girl sighed, went limp. A murmur of pity swept the people. Cherimande dropped the knife on the floor beside her and glanced keenly at La Forge, then at Troiville.	✓ “I insist,” Troiville began; “he killed her—he thought she loved another.” “ What other?” Cherimande demanded. “ M. le Captaine will be kind enough to remember! ” Pierre warned, his voice ice- like.” “ With me; she loved me; we had words over her to-day,” Troiville flicked out, venomwise. “ Ah!”72 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. Pierre’s hand went to the knife’s hilt. Major Cherimande struck his hand aside and he retrieved the knife. Troiville reit- erated: “ I repeat, he did it intentionally.” Pierre straightened up, agile as a pan- ther. He leaned over, slapped Troiville’s cheek with a force that reddened it, leaving the mark of each supple finger. “Monsieur, you lie!” he said calmly, clearly. “ You are safe in saying that,” Troiville snarled. “ An officer of France cannot fight a ihalf-breed—a partjblood—a no- body.” “ My father was an officer of the Legion; my mother the daughter of the sheik—of highest desert blood.”' “ Pah!” Troiville turned upon his heel and stalked out of the cafe, and Pierre, held back by Cherimande, became quiet after a few mo- ments. “ Your duty lies—there,” he reminded Pierre, pointing to the stricken girl. La Forge bent over her. “ I thank you for reminding me,” he murmured. “ She is barely alive. Let me take her to my house across the way. Do with me as you think best.” “ You shall remain in your house, under guard, a nominal guard, until I can sift this,” the major said quietly. “ I do not accuse you.” Pierre’s grateful glance thanked him. Stooping, he gathered the limp, inert bur- den into his strong arms. As he strained forward with it his eyes searched for Merim, but she was nowhere to be seen. His eyes were clear, cool. “ Martin,” he called, as he went past the desk where the old man was staring, “ box up my knives for me, as usual.” “ Out, monsieur.” “ And send me a native healer.” “ No; get a nurse only; I will attend her,” the major said, at his heels. He carried the girl out of doors, across the dim, star-lighted street. Cherimande ordered all the others back and came after Pierre up the stairs. In the room he laid the silent load down on his divan and cush- ioned it there. The slender stream of life trickled into her corsage. Her face was white, drawn. The major tested her breath with a hand-mirror; found that it barely clouded the shimmering surface. “ I fear,” Cherimande said, his brows knit, his eyes intent, “ the wound is very, very deep. How did it happen?” “I do not know; I cast as usual; I missed.” So Pierre simply felt that nothing mat- tered to him now; that there was no use to tell of the apparition of Merim, of his ex- periences of the night before. They are unbelievable; too eery for a matter-of-fact man of Mars to grasp. And then an inner voice warned him not to speak—something gripped the roots of his tongue and held him mute. “ If you had entered into a long explana- tion, I should have suspected you moi;e. But as it is, no! Tihen, no one but Troi- ville accuses you, and he—well, monsieur, I told him plainly when I relieved him of command that the proofs of his villainy against the tribesfolks were complete and that he might best go get himself decently slain than to face the scowl of La Belle France over his black-crimes.” He paused, laid his ear against the wounded breast over which his cool, expert fingers bad been straying as he had talked. The steps of a woman were heard on the stair. She came in, one of the bazar heal- ers, shrouded in dun robes. “ Go, now,” Cherimande ordered Pierre; “ I shall stay a few moments to tell the nurse what to do. You may go where you will, in reason, until I decide what more is to be done. What can be done for her I shall do, monsieur.” Pierre arose softly and went out. Cheri- mande called to the soldier below: “ Let La Forge pass until further or- ders.” The stars told Pierre it was almost mid- night. Many folk still loitered about the Cafe Diable. They were quiet, gossiping. He passed in, intent upon ordering a drink. At the desk old Martin twitched his sleeve. “ How is she?” he asked. “ Bad, very bad.” “ I am sorry, monsieur. You have bothEYES OF THE DEAD. 73 been so good to me. Do you know what I said to Troiville, who was in here a mo- ment ago for cigarettes?” “ No; what?” “ That a man who would take the lie from you should not associate with French soldiers any more. Several officers heard me and echoed my words.” “Ah!” Pierre passed on, ordered his drink, sipped it. On the way out he stopped and asked: “ Did you cleanse the knife?” “ No, monsieur. See!” He bent, searched under the counter. Pierre heard the knife-box catch click. Then Martin straightened up, the knife held by its sinister carven copper haft. He put it up for inspection. The blade was stained. “ Thanks,” and Pierre took the knife quickly, concealing it in his robes. He went out swiftly. “ Good luck!” Martin called after him. “ Good night—perhaps it is good-by, old friend.” The night had become cool. The reek of far-off camel-dung fires came to La Forge’s nostrils. His eyes burned. Some- thing impalpable, misty, floated before him. He followed, to the side-opening that led toward the barracks. He was turning the comer, hands outstretched, when he smashed into some one. He struck blindly. “ The second time to-night,” he heard Troiville’s searing voice, “ you have left a mark on my cheek, M. le Murderer!”* Behind Troiville tramped a half-dozen noisy soldiers, sous officers. Pierre coolly struck again. “ Sang de Christi! Thrice! I call on you to witness, gentlemen, that I am in the right! I challenge you.” “ It is time you defended your honor,” a grizzled sergeant said. “ Thanks, monsieur. A outrance!” said Pierre joyfully but calm. “ Come. We need no seconds.” “No! I prefer not.” “ But, gentlemen, you cannot go aside and murder each other without seconds, witnesses,” a half-sobered, downy-lipped of- ficer interposed. “ That is for us to settle, tiens?’’ Troi- ville snarled. “Alons!” “ Oblige us, gentlemen,” Pierre pleaded. “ What is this?” It was Cherimande’s voice. He came into the dimmer passage quickly. “ These two would go aside to fight, without seconds,” the young officer began. “ So,” and the veteran swept the two with appraising glances that the half-gloom of the little street failed to veil entirely. “ Well, Troiville, you know what I told you this afternoon.” Troiville’s hand went up, in salute. “ Old, mon colonel!” “ Well, then, you are a splendid shot—” “ He,” pointing at Pierre, “ is the chal- lenged. He has the choice of weapons.” “ I am armed,” Pierre said quietly, his hand going under his robe to the sinister copper-carven hilt. The major pressed his gun upon Captain Troiville, who demurred at first. Cherimande crisply ordered: “ Here; take my service revolver; you are accustomed to use such.” Major Cher- imande plucked it from his belt. “ Gen- tlemen,” to the tipsy group, “ good night. Troiville—good-by! I salute—your uni- form. It is a calm night. The tracks on the sand will tell if the victor fought loy- ally. A veteran will know.” He saluted gravely. Troiville saluted. Pierre swung in beside him. They went off, up the twisty street, toward the caravansary. “ By the great sand hill, monsieur?” Pierre inquired as they passed the rest- place. “ As well there as anywhere,” Troiville said, “ but I warn you I shall shoot to kill. I never miss with my pistols. I desire your life.” Pierre was silent. They passed beyond the ragged, outlying mud huts, beyond the first little sand hil- locks. They did not talk. Pierre felt a great peace in his heart. His eyes were cool, keen, alert. His nerves were icy solid. Often Troiville scuffed the sand with his boot-toes as they trudged. A sharp phrase from Troiville made74 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY, Pierre look ahead. Beside the great sand hill, looming now dose at hand, were tents —hair tents. The peculiar deep rumbling that told of dromedaries was heard. There was the tump-tump, bump-e-dee-tump! of a slightly beaten drum; the thin skirl of a reed pipe. “ It appears we shall be interrupted,” Troiville said. “ Not necessarily,” Pierre drawled. “ We can skirt their camp and finish our little affair on the farther edge of the giant sand hill.” A jackal fled from before them, howling. A bat dropped from mid air, squeaked in their faces as they paused, then winged away on spider-webbed pinions, gray, mys- teriously vague. The drum throbbed; the pipe keened. “As you will,' monsieur,” Troiville ac- quiesced. They turned aside, began to skirt the camp. The dromedaries rumbled. The reek of the fires came to Pierre; the thirst of the night before crept into his throat; a fierce urge was on him to go forward. Monody of drum was slashed by overtones of pipe. Among the tents men called; camel- drivers sang to the herd. The jackal, afar now, howled anew, over toward the big hill. CHAPTER VII. OUT OF TJIE JAWS OF DEATH. THEY came to the foot of the hill with- out being disturbed. “ Do we oblige each other in the dark or wait for the dawn?” Troiville asked, fingering his gun as he spoke. “ As you wish, monsieur,” was the level answer. They faced the sand hill. A towering shape detached itself from the desert floor and stood erect. “ Will you come to my camp and have refreshments?” a resonant but menacing voice inquired. The language was Arabic of the purest. He came forward, his white robes now showing plainly. His white beard rippled on his chest. “The Sheik Ben Yousef!” Troiville cried out. “ Yes, M. Troiville. But come in peace. I am but here to present my ease before the new commandante, who I hear is in El Yaoub. If I attacked you my ease would be hurt. Who is with you?” “ Do you not know me?” Pierre called. “ The man who called on you last night, When your daughter Merim danced—” “ My daughter danced! You are mad, mad! The daughters of the desert-born dance not before strangers.” La Forge was silent, amazed. He heard tamour, pipe, distantly. “ I am but here a day after burying my daughter, who died as I was journeying hither, warned by a messenger who rode out to Zin, to be here at your preliminary tri- al,” the old sheik said, his voice menacing, calm, deeply resonant. “ But what is your business here, at my camp?” “ We had a little—business between us,” Pierre said shortly. “ Ah, yes. Well, then, settle it. It is none of mine. I shall go back to my prayers.” He sank down again, seeming to fade into the very earth as he settled against the tawny, moon-kissed desert floor. The weird music among the tents ceased suddenly. Troiville turned to Pierre. “ Eh, monsieur?” “ At your service.” The taste of the avid urge that had come from the drink of the previous night mounted onto Pierre’s palate. He thought of pomegranate sherbet, of red wine, of scarlet flowers, of blood. “ How shall we order the affair?” “ As you will, monsieur.” “ Is there light enough?” “ I am in white. You can scarcely miss me. You are in your uniform, not so good a mark, but I seldom miss a cast.” “ A cast?” “ Yes.” “ Then you have a knife, no pistol?” “ I never miss with one of my blades, I beg to remind you.” The yearning for one more drink of that strange fluid came to Pierre. His throat was raw, raging, dry.EYES OF THE DEAD. 75 “ Well, fool, I beg to remind you that I shall kill you, then. I, who am the crack shot of my regiment, cannot miss you, in white, in this light, at—what number of paces?” “ Shall we say fifty? I can split bangles at fifty, you know.” “ Just my distance, monsieur. I shoot well at that distance.” The jackal, nearer at hand, howled. “ Sheik, we call upon you to act as wit- ness,” Troiville called. “ We are about to fight a duel. Do you hear?” “ Yes, O captain. A dud! How odd! To kill each other over the place where death itself resides! There is a firm sta- tion for you, captain, twenty-five paces away, where you feel a stone underfoot. Stand on it when you fire. It Is sure death! What do the desert-borrfccare how you aliens kill yourselves off?” His chuckle came to them, like the rasp- ing of dry, bleached bones. Pierre felt his eyes burn again. He felt buoyed up, elate. “ Let us stand, back to back, and at a word from the sheik walk each twenty-five paces,” Troiville suggested. “ At a second word we halt, at a third we wheel, and then act as seems best. Count the paces aloud, in time.” “ I accept your conditions,” Pierre said eagerly. “ How pleasant it is to order an affair like this,” the old man grated, arising and grasping each by an arm. He swung them about, back to back, with surprising strength, Pierre could sense. He caught the glow of the old man’s deep-set eyes, heard again his chuckle. He felt Troi- ville’s tense back against his. Ben Yousef stepped from the line of fire, cleared his deep throat. “ Now!” The sheik’s command sounded hollowly. They began to pace from each other. They counted in unison. At the twenty-fifth pace Troiville paused. He felt a great stone under his feet. He slid his feet over it and sought to mark out its limits. He waited for the second word. “ Again!” It was the sheik, commanding again. The two wheeled, to face each other. Pierre could see the loom of his antagonist, but not his form clearly. To Troiville La Forge was a plain target, in his white robes, outlined against the sand hill’s umbers. La Forge felt his eyes burning! He saw a mist, a cloud, pass between him and Troi- ville. His eyes burned anew. Afar the jackal howled. The old shdk chuckled softly. Beside Troiville Merim stood. She smiled at Pierre! Her veil was up. Her eyes seemed to be plainly in view—and they were shrunk- en, phosphorescent. He could see that Troiville had seen nothing uncommon. He heard his pistol click to full-cock. Pierre whipped out his great knife, holding it by its copper carven haft, steadily. “Now!” The death command of the old Arab re- sounded hollowly. Pierre’s arm shot back. His*nerves were steady. Troiville, he could see, had leveled his pistol. The old Arab laughed menacingly. “ You are slow, O Franks!” he called. Pierre saw Merim’s arm steal out, out, out, until her forefinger pointed to the fatal spot on Troiville’s breast, right over the heart. There came a flash—a searing, tearing sensation along the side of Pierre’s skull. He swayed as the pistol crashed again. He glanced at his antagonist, then his arm all but faltered. Still the appearance was pointing her slender finger and the urge came upon him to make his cast. Again the gun cracked. Troiville’s curse at the miss came to Pierre. He tensed his arm, launched the great whirring, whizzing blade. It arched over, flaming in -the moon- sheen like a mighty brand. Thud! The pain in Pierre’s eyes ceased. The mist-form of the desertJborn floated away. He was upright. The old Arab, laughing crazily, stepped toward Troiville as the of- ficer crashed forward on his face. Ben Yousef was nimble, reaching the body before Pierre could. Even as Pierre76 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. sped he heard the great drum throb, the reed-pipes keening, and their rhythm was merry now. Pierre reached Troiville as Ben Yousef turned the body over. The sinister, copper carven handle of the knife was at rest, right over the cleft heart. He bent over. The sheik sank down onto the desert floor, took the body onto his lap, He tore open the coat-front, the shirt. He plucked out the blade, handed it to Pierre, whose throat was parched, avid. La Forge hid the fatal blade in his robes. The merry music among the tents ceased. Ben Yousef drew a cup from his robes, from some mysterious fold in them. The split breast of the slain man was spouting —the Arab caught a cup of the crimson life, tide, whose surplus made a dark pool on the moonlit sands. Ben Yousef let the body roll off his lap, sprang erect, holding, the cup. Fascinated, Pierre stoo(f up. Ben Yousef stretched forth his right hand toward the south in compelling gesture and murmured: “Merim! Come, 0 Dawn Star of Zin!” Pierre’s eyeballs burned. A misty shape floated out of nothingness. He saw her come to the old man’s side. Her veil was over her back. “ Here is the cup; here is the guest. Share it with him,” Ben Yousef ordered. She took the cup, raised it to her perfect lips. Her lambent eyes glowed. Pierre saw Ben Youse£ tugging at the ring in the great stone atop which Troiville had stood while firing. He saw the stone raised; with a single vigorous heave laid back. Tlhen the body was gone, the stone in place again. He glanced back at the shape. She was taking the cup from her lips. “ Drink, you;- share the cup as before,” she pleaded, her voice deep, full, 'resonant, yet oddly hollow. Her eyes glowed like foxfire. He tried to turn aside. He felt her arm go about his neck, felt himself drawn by her powers, urged by the terrible avidness of his thirst. He tried not to yield, yet yielded. Her lips touched the rim of the top-ended cup, from which drops were trickling. Ben Yousef erect, chuckled dryly. The jackal howlad. As the first taste of the liquid touched his Kps, Pierre felt his mighty thirst as- suaged, his eyeballs ceased to pain him. He reeled from, her arms', fell prone—heard a rasping, as of dry bones—a distant chuckle. The cocks in El Yaoub began to crow sleepily! The sudden dawn smote him into con- sciousness. Something was trickling down his throat. He stirred. A venerable old man was bending over him, a cup in his hand. He smiled and spoke, in excellent Arabic: “ Drink this pomegranate sherbet, O stranger. I found you here, senseless but now, a§ we came in to pitch camp. I am the Sheik Ben Yousef, come here to at- tend the trial of Captain Troiville, charged with misuse of one of the maidens of our tribe. Do you know if the French Com- missionaire Generate is here to hear the case? The decision will be too late, I fear; the maiden has died.” Pierre got up, gazed about, dazed. The camp was there; the great sandhill. There was no stone in the sand, though. He felt for his knife. He pulled it out. The blade was stained—blood-hued! “ I thank you. Yes, Major Cherimande is at El Yaoub. I must go; I am recovered now,” Pierre found himself saying. The old man got up, stroked his beard softly. “ Go in peace,” he said, benignly. “ Peace,” said Pierre, stumbling off. As he went he 'thought he heard a dry, rasping chuckle. But he did not turn back. The street before his own rooms was quiet when Pierre strode up to the build- ings. He was about to go up-stairs when a sentry barred his way. “ Not so fast, monsieur; softly, softly! The major requests silence most pro- found.” “ Then.” “ The case is desperate, monsieur. Soft- ly. Softly! ” He let Pierre by. With laggard steps La Forge mounted.EYES OF THE DEAD. 77 As he went a great wave of tenderness swept over him. His hand fumbled a bit at the door. It was drawn open. Cheri- mande’s hand went over his mouth.. “ Hush, monsieur! Come, but silently as death.” He stepped inside. The divan where she was was screened in. “ And Troiville?” the major demanded, For reply Pierre took out the reddened knife and held it up. The major took it, laid it on an ottoman that was behind the door. “ He will not be back?” he asked. “ No.” “ Best! For him and for France. There need be no trial now!” A low, moaning cry came from behind the screen. The Arab healer put her head around the screen’s bulge, saying: “ She calls again—for him.” The major pushed Pierre forward. He stumbled toward that which he feared to behold. “ Come out now, Fadma,” the major called. The healer slunk away quietly as he came behind the screen. Pierre sank down on his knees beside the wan, limp girl. Her breast, bare, showed the weal of the knife-stroke. He bent over to listen to faint breathing. She opened her eyes. “ Ah, mon chere,” she whispered; “ it is so good to have you here. If I go, I want to have you know that —that I do not blame you. You did not put your blade into me on purpose. Non! Non! Your hand trembled; you missed, that is all. I have told the major so! I want you to know, before I go—I feel so weak, mon chere, but do not worry, Pierre. And for- give me.” (.The “ Forgive you, ’Leesah! You who have been so loyal.” “ Non! Non! I have not been so loyal. I have flirted with this one and that be- cause—” “ Because?” “ I wanted you to be a little jealous—to cease from our strictly friendly relations— to—to—ah, Pierre, I am so weak—good- by!” Her eyes closed. The tide of pallor crept up from her bosom to her face. Only her ripe lips had color in them. Pierre staggered from behind the screen, eyes staring, voice pleading: “ Major!” Cherimande came forward hastily. He darted behind the screen. Pierre, mutely submissive, waited. He heard the old soldier fume and sputter. Then came out; booming: “ Pouf, for you, dolt, triple idiot, to let her talk so much that she should faint. Your blade was turned by a rib. She will recover—if you do not slay her with your clumsiness. Away with you, monsieur, and do not come back until you have learned to restrain yourself and to thank God for the gift of such a woman’s love!” Pierre heard her sigh behind the screen. He peeped in at her, saw her great eyes flutter open. She saw him—formed a kiss on her now white lips, wafted him one little word with her faint breath. He turned, and staggered to the stairs, drunk with hap- piness. As he passed his mirror he glanced in. His eyes were normal, full, clear. He went out onto the street. The faint rose-flush of dawn was in the sky. The cocks were crowing. Peace was in La Forge’s heart. The way was smooth before him! end.) tr	tr tr SPRING’S SYMPHONY I END me your song, ye nightingales! Oh, pour “ The mazy running soul of melody Into my varied verse! while I deduce From the first note the hollow cuckoo sings The symphony of spring. ThomsonKatharine EjJdleston. Author ol "Bally Bess,” "Flaming Hearts,” "The Girl in Khaki,” etc. WHAT HAS ALREADY HAPPENED EDWARD WHARTON thought he had killed Arch Clayton in a quarrel over the last can of tomatoes while they are snowbound in a shack. Fleeing the place, Wharton sought refuge in the Neck-and-Neck ranch-house, whose sole occupant at the time, Dewilde Capet, found on him an envelope inscribed “ Arch Clayton.” The latter is the man who tried to get the better of her uncle in the matter of a valuable formula for a pain-killer, and under the mistaken impression that he is a foe of her family the girl drove Wharton forth in spite of the fact that his personality drew her to him strongly. Morg Martin, a rich young fellow of the neighborhood, but rough of speech, found Clayton, not dead, but nearly so, in the shack, and succeeded in transferring him to the ranch-house, where, discovering that both Dewilde and Martin believed Wharton to be Clayton, he did not undeceive them, but added fuel to their hatred of the man by relating that he had done his best to kill him. Morg Martin vowed vengeance and started in pursuit of the “villain.” Meanwhile Wharton, bewildered in the snow, found himself back at a lean-to of the ranch-house, and possessed himself of Dewilde’s pony, Switches, leaving a note for the girl—which she did not see—explaining that he was taking the horse in order to reach a point where he could rehabilitate himself and return—worthy of her. Giving the cayuse his head, he was carried to Ellsworth and to the home of Mrs. Mosher, where a telegram informed him he had been left sole heir to his aunt’s fortune. The first train after the storm being due, Wharton set out to ' catch it with the good wishes of Mrs. Mosher, who took him for one of Dewilde’s swell Eastern beaus. Morg Martin appeared on his chase after the .supposed Clayton, learned of Wharton’s call, demanded to know his whereabouts from Mrs. Mosher, then, hearing the whistle of the engine, leaped for the door, exclaiming, “Damn you, he’s going off in that train!” CHAPTER IX. AN ANGRY PURSUER. MORGAN -MARTIN ran with all the odds against him, but the deter- mination to get the murderer and feorse-thief who was rushing away to claim the fortune of the man he had killed. Morg jerked his gun from its holster. If he could not get the man alive, he had made up his mind to get him dead. To get him anyway. Meantime Wharton and Mosher strug- gled up onto ithe platform. When the smoker came even with where they stood, a man leaped off. “ Git on if you’re going! ’Tain’t goin’ to stop!” Martin in turn reached the platform. He saw one of two tall figures make a dive for the rear of the passing smoker. He lifted his gun and fired. Wharton heard (the bullet sing past his ear. A voice rang out above the rattle of ithe train. “ I’ll git on and nab him! ” His hand rested on the handle of the car door. For a fraction of a second he stood. Then his tall figure vaguely outlined against the door, sank out of sight in the shadows. Morg reached the edge of .the platform just as the rear of the train rolled by, gripped the 'hand-rail and swung on. "For twenty minutes he battered and banged at ithe rear door to get some one to let him in. Finally a brakeman came to his rescue, unwittingly. “ Great guns! What’re you—” “ I’m after a murderer! He’s on this This story began in the Argosy-AUstory Weekly for April 2. T8MISS ANGEL. 79 train! Keep mum; but bring the conduc- tor back!” The words and Morg’s manner were con- vincing. The train force was not unaccus- tomed 'to exercising their prerogative as offi- cers of the law. The brakeman scuttled ahead. Morg flung himself into a seat and stuck his cold feet against the steam-pipe. He proposed to make the arrest of Arch Clay- ton a perfectly orderly and legal one. It was not the way he preferred; but he had a motive. Dewilde Capet would have a better impression of him if the justice that was to be visited on Clayton were executed legally, rather than in his impulsive fashion. The conductor came back. Martin in- troduced himself. The conductor knew of him as the big man of the country round- about. “ There’s a criminal on this train, got on at Ellsworth. I’ll leave it to you whether you want to arrest him or keep quiet and watch him while you wire al^ead—how about the lines to Poindexter?” “ Ellsworth agent says they’re all right. No trouble on east,” the conductor an- swered', falling into the staccato of Morg’s speech. “ Get Sheriff Walsh. This man’s a mur- derer. It’s a big catch. There’s a black record against him. He—” The conductor interrupted. “ Train didn’t stop at Ellsworth.” “ This man jumped on. He’s in the smoker,” Morg cut in. The conductor and the brakeman looked at each other. Martin was an important person to contradict; but neither of them agreed with him. “ Mr. Martin, the agent swung off; but we didn’t stop to take on passengers. We’re too late as it is; we’re making a straight run through to Caswell. Got to be done to let the through train have right-of-way.” “ I tell you I saw this man get on. He’s tall. I fired at him. If I hit him, he’s crumpled down on the platform outside the smoker—the front end.” Without an instant’s parley the three men started forward. The brakeman flung the door wide and flashed his lantern over the platform. It was empty. But Morg was not convinced. He pushed out on the platform and looked down on the steps. There was no sign of the hud- dled form he had expected to see. “ I saw him, I tell you! I saw him fall. He—maybe he wasn’t hurt bad enough to be put out of commission. He’s in the car!” “ What does he look like?” the conductor asked. “ We’ve had some chance to get acquainted with the passengers this trip, I tell you. I guess we could spot a new one, especially if he was wounded!” They made the search. Both conductor and brakeman knew that their passenger- list had not been augmented. They said so in no uncertain terms when Morg’s anger and amazement at losing his quarry slightly overstepped the bounds. Reluctantly they assisted in a search of every possible place where a fugitive might hide. Still the re- sult was disappointing to Martin. “ I’ll get off at Poindexter,” he an- nounced finally. “ You’ll jump off then! We don’t stop.” Morg glared at the conductor. “ I guess you’ll stop! ” he snapped. “Guess again!” the conductor replied, turning and going on about his business. Morg slouched down in a seat, complete- ly overcome. All he could think of was that Clayton lay beside the track at Ells- worth where he must have rolled when the bullet caught him. The thought was maddening. Every revolution of the wheels that bore him swiftly away from Clayton was torment. He tried to comfort himself with the idea that mo one would discover the fellow, that his wound would bleed profusely and that he would thus be eliminated from the love affair of Morg Martin. But it was no use. He strode forward and sought the conductor again. He ordered him to slow down so that it would be pos- sible to spring from the train without acci- dent. But the conductor was obdurate. Argument was wasted. Much as Morg used the railroad, his patronage did not have to be secured by favor. He had no other means of marketing his cattle. He stormed and tried to bribe; but the conductor turned a deaf ear.80 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY, Morg’s. rage was almost wordless. Up before him flashed the chance he was riding away from, the chance to catch and rid him- self of his rival. In the distorted abandon of his imagination to the impressions of his jealousy, he had accepted Arch Clayton as a dire menace to his success with De- wilde. That she could love a man who had maltreated her uncle and tried to kill another man had ceased to be a matter for argument. She was a woman; she would love the man she loved in spite of his short- comings. Her love would only be overcome by the removal of the man. Then, a man who loved her consumingly would have his innings. It was a barbarous, primitive way of looking at it; but it was Morg Martin's way. Close to the surface in his conscious- ness was the belief that a woman could be won by the oldest of all methods, the way of force and dominance.	> He sat swearing under his breath While the train rolled mile after mile away from the place where his presence was imperative. With a grim self-scorn, he thought of the easy way in which he had fooled himself when he moved through the very furrow in the snow that Clayton had made. He had told himself that it was not his man because a horse’s tracks accompanied his. His man had no horse. And all the time, Switches, Dewilde’s own pony, was guiding the criminal to haven. Meanwhile stretched in the snow beside the track, Edward Wharton lay as still as a dead man. But he was very much alive. The words that Morg had shouted acted like a clamp holding him tight to the soft bed into which he had fallen. “ ‘ Nab ’ me! I guess not! ” 'his thoughts ran. Of course the singing bullet had injected a special significance into the words. He could not make out who would be in pur- suit of him under the circumstances; but that bullet announced that his pursuer had a deep and deadly intention. It could scarcely be the postmaster. They had talked amicably as they plowed through the snow to the station. He could have shot him when the shooting was easier if he had wanted to. But somebody had. And the somebody must have seen him dive off the opposite siSe of 'the train. Then an explanation flashed into his ab- normally active mind which seemed to gain power as he held his body rigid. She had informed. She had gone to the lean-to. She had found his note. And she had guessed that the pony would take him to town. And that person whose horse’s nose he had seen had been to the house and reported about Clayton. The note had convicted him. She had sent the person post-haste on his trail. The deep marks of his own and the pony’s route had been easy to follow. She had acted instantly; she would. For she would think first that justice should be done. Would she keep his note and would she notice that he had asked her to think him less black than circumstances would indicate? . Then Wharton realized that the train was almost out of hearing and that there had been no rush from the platform across the track in search of him. He grinned at the cold moon, scudding from cloud to cloud as if fearful of being seen. The unexpected had happened. His pur- suer had jumped on the train believing him still there. , But though he had this pleasant notion, Wharton lay still. He heard the diminish- ing voices of the two men he knew to be on the platform. He wondered how soon a search would be concluded and the train stopped to allow the man who shot at him to return. Exactly one way of possible escape lay open to him. Mosher had told him of the gang with the snow-plow out along the track westward. He thought a bit longingly of the telegraph instrument in the little station. But this was no time to risk mak- ing his presence known by wiring east- ward to secure his inheritance. The more and the sooner he put distance between him and this particular place, ithe better his chance would be of realizing on his aunt’s generosity eventually. 5	AMISS ANGEL. 81 Stooping to avoid possible detection, he struck off along the ditch beside the track. CHAPTER X. TWO COUNTS CHECKED OFF. DEWILDE went into the house after her discovery of Switches’s absence. Her eyes sought instantly the tenant of the bunk. He was asleep. Silently she went across the room and' looked at him. His color was more human, less like the ghastly white of a time- bleached bit of plaster. In spite of her mental decision against the man who had dared to make love to her, she felt a warm rush of gratitude for the improvement in ithis other man’s ap- pearaince. She wanted him to live and yet she was ashamed of the reason that stimu- lated the desire. Clayton, lying in the warm comfort of Capet’s bunk, slept on. The day glowed outside. A light, warm wind blew. And .the snow circled and eddied in it as if the golden day were amusing itself with the new and glittering toy. Clayton waked and saw her before the fire, an Indian basket in her lap and her head bent above the glove she was mend- ing. He studied her. The plan he had half thought out of trying to supplant Morg Martin in her good graces and of securing information about the formula seemed as futile as plans do wh^n they are made without a knowledge of the one who plays a chief part therein. He tried to talk to her; but she dis- couraged him with a courteous but definite reserve that he had not the social art to overcome. Compared with Morgan Martin, Clayton knew he shone. But he knew also that Morgan Martin was deceived by the com- radeship which he enjoyed into a false idea that he and this girl had something in common. He was assuming that he could win the moon because it shone on him. “ Miss Capet, I’d—I’d like to explain that—that I had no idea of the character of this—-this Arch Clayton when I undertook to—’' 6 A “ Do not concern yourself about anything but getting strong enough to—to get up,” she replied. “ Strong enough to get out is what you mean, Miss Capet,” Clayton could not re- frain from saying rather sullenly. He had that trait of men who like al- ways to seem to know things even though the knowledge is not flattering to them- selves; it is the spirit that likes to believe that nothing can be put over on them. She did not answer; and he registered the snub. He felt that he was there on tolerance, that pity and humane motives . alone accounted for 'the care she gave him. He was used to regarding himself as not unattractive to wromen. Altogether she bruised and bumped against his self-love till he began to dislike her. Dewilde’s actions and the little she said wras colored by such thoughts as he did not suspect. When she felt herself yielding to warm, human interest in assisting him, she suspected that she did it because of that other man. He would be saved from the crime of murder if she won her charge back to health. “ Have you—have you known this Arch Clayton long?” she finally brought herself to ask. It was night again. The red blaze of the fire shed its rose-toned illusion over the bare room. To Dewilde the place seemed permeated with the peculiar restful- ness that she had experienced the night be- fore when Arch Clayton was there. “ No, not long. He’s a soldier of for- tune, I imagine. That’s a polite name for an adventurer, you know.” Clayton won- dered why she had at last addressed him about something other than his comfort. “ Then why did you associate yourself with him?” she asked instantly. “ I didn't know what he was up to. I thought he had a right to what he wTas coming after. He gave me the impression that he was the heir to some old man’s money or Something valuable. He just wanted company; and I came along.” “ He—how do you know that he is—an adventurer?” she questioned, flinging a log on the fire to cover her confusion. But Clayton grasped the fact that the82 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. girl was deeply interested, and it added to his bitterness. “ He’s one of the ‘ handsome brute ’ kijid of men. I didn’t know anything about him till we traveled together from Denver. He got to telling me about himself. He’s been everywhere and done everything and every- body. He boasts about his triumphs with women. They take to his size; and he plays up the hero stuff and then laughs at them because they fall for it!” Dewilde saw through to the man’s in- tention; but she felt cheapened by his sus- picion that Clayton had made an impres- sion on her. “ What did you do to make him attack you?” She had no intention of saying the words; they seemed to speak themselves. For a second, the real Clayton was silent, taken so completely by surprise that he could not find words to reply. “ Well?” she urged, following up the un- expected lead that her unmanaged tongue had taken. “He wanted the tomatoes!” Clayton replied. Dewilde remembered how the conversa- tions she had had with Arch Clayton swung around tomatoes, how he had disliked them. She had kicked the can that was probably the cause of the quarrel. When she became conscious of something besides her hurrying thoughts the real Clay- ton was eying her. with cynical amusement. “ Mr. Clayton made a deep impression on you, I guess,” he ventured. For a moment she was wordless. Then her head went up as high as her slender neck would lift it; the scintillant beauty of her eyes blazed; her breast rose and stayed lifted with the soft fulness of a bird’s. “ He did. I trust that impression in spite of circumstances.” Every word crisped up with a positive- ness that seemed exulting in defiance to Clayton. “ This isn’t substantial evidence against him?” he queried, pointing to his discolored temple. “ A man isn’t always to blame for the injury he inflicts! ” she retorted. She saw the other’s eyelids quiver, his lips grow tense. Clayton had a swift and painful proof of a fact he had never more than half credited that a woman’s intui- tion goes straight to the truth where, logic often limps and falls short. • “ I guess the way he treated me is not the only count against him! ” he observed, a defense that was an acknowledgment of her assertion. “ Anyway, there is one less.” Dewilde said it coolly; she did not add that Clayton had shown no disposition to lighten the count. But he knew die thought it; and the antagonism between them began to crystallize into actual dislike. Clayton canvassed the situation. He felt better, so much better that he rose from the bunk and made a devious way to the bench by the fireplace. He had held himself down till the nerves in him twitched and jerked; his mimd was divided between the role of invalid and that of well man which would enable him to get away as soon as pos- sible. If he stayed on he had a chance to hunt for the formula; but he risked Morgan Martin’s return after his discovery that the real criminal was luxuriating under the roof of the Neck-and-Neck ranch-house. Clay- ton had no desire to be there should Morg come back with the knowledge that would make gun-play the natural form of expres- sion. He slumped down on the bench and thought about it. Nothing disturbed the quiet till Dewilde set a bowl of warm milk before him and placed a plate of bread beside it. “ Good night! ” she said as she finished with her preparations for his comfort. He muttered a good night to her. She crossed the room and picked up a roll of blankets, then carried them as far as the other door and laid them down on the floor while she put on her coat and stocking- cap. “ You’re not going out in the storm?” Clayton asked. “ I’m going to the shack. I’ll be in to get breakfast for you.” Clayton’s tongue almost shaped a sen- tence.MISS ANGEL.	83 “ Tms nouse was big enough for you and Arch Clayton! ” But his better judgment prevailed though his self-love suffered the shock of her in- tention to get away from him. Dewilde made her way through the sil- ver night. Its glory permeated her sight as music melts into the ears. And, equipped with those new wings that wafted her thought in one direction, her mind turned to Wharton. Would he feel this night? He would. She was sure the silver glory of outstretched plains under the luminous shower of the moonlight must sink and sing in him as it did in her. It was well on to morning when Dewilde waked. Her gray eyes were wide; she lis- tened intently. There was a sound outside. It sounded like an awkward kind of knock at the door of the shack. The blood rushed into her face; and she twisted and jerked herself out of the tight clasp of her blankets. Again the sound! There was no mistak- ing; it* was Switches. He was the only creature who made just that kind of an appeal for attention. She leaped up. Then she stopped short. Switches! Switches had left the Neck-and-Neck in bad company. Was the company with him, outside there, keeping still while the pony made investigations? Had the bad com- pany come back to find out whether the man he had struck was dead or not? She had heard tales of criminals return- ing, drawn by some fascination, to the scenes of their crimes. But somehow they did not fit this case. Maybe he was sorry he had stolen her pony! Impulsively She flung open the door. Switches, alone, stood there in the gray dawn. She flung her arms around the pony’s neck and sobbed into his mane. “ Switches, honey, did you get away from him? Or did he let you go—to come back to me?” But, intelligent as Switches was, he could not answer. What he had done was quite usual except that the snow was exceptional. He had made a trip from Mrs. Mosher’s to his mistress; he could see no cause for such marked celebration. Then Dewilde stood back and looked him over to see if he were as good as ever. And she saw a small salt-bag dangling like the pendant to a necklace of heavy twine that was around Switches’s neck. She tore it loose and found a note in- side. Her heart beat like a trip-hammer till she saw Minnie Mosher’s writing. Am sending Switches home. Gentleman caught train. Morg did, too. He certainly is some goat. I’ll come out as soon as Hank can fix up a sled. I am going to bring you back to town. Very resp., Minnie Mosher. Dewilde stared at the words. “ Gentle- man ” must mean her late guest, Arch Clay- ton. And Morg was on the train with him. She could not think of their meeting calmly. Waves of fear went over her. What would happen? And no word of Mr. Nemo! For a sec- ond everything went black before her. Then grabbing tight hold of Switches’s mane she moved away through the snow. The pony, with the direct action of the empty stomached, made for the lean-to. Dewilde plowed along beside him, swinging herself over the snow now and then by clinging to his neck. She was grateful for some strenuous physical exertion that re- lieved her from the sense of impending disaster. And her conscience beat a dreary tattoo into her brain. “ It’s what he deserves; you ought to be ashamed!” were the words into which the reproach shaped itself. Switches went over the two-by-four that formed the threshold of his dwelling-place with that grateful ‘celerity which testifies to the joy of getting back to bed and board. Dewilde patted him; he was all she had left. She pulled hay down for him. from the little mow above his manger and, as she did so, a paper caught beneath thev long splin- ter flapped for notice. Wonderingly, she drew it forth and read slowly: I love you, Miss Angel. The first' words stood out in the bold writing; they burned their way into the sensitive records of her mind.84 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. With a gasp of relief that was like the sob of a child who has been held in fear- thrall, she read about his taking Switches. He had not meant to steal the pony. The man in the house v/as not dead or going to die. Switches was back. Dewilde unconsciously counted on her fingers as she tabulated the crimes of which her disturb- ing guest was not guilty. Two counts against him were checked off. But the other, his inhuman desertion of Mr. Nemo, his dastardly use of the old scientist’s agony for his own ends. It was more barbarous than either of the others. She told herself slowly he was not a mur- derer; he was not a horse-thief. He was— a brute. And Morgan Martin, with two guns and an aim almost perfect in its deadly accu- racy, was on the train with the brute. CHAPTER XI. THE SNOW-PLOW GANG. THE brute was trudging westward along a route that led exactly away from the pursuer who was disgruntledly rolling eastward. And the trudging was work. But Wharton had thought cannily of what had happened. Some one was after him. The one reason any one could have for sniping at him was what he had done to Clayton. He .realized that he was a hunted man and must bury his identity till he could get quite beyond the country where his culminating misfortune had over- taken him. He had trudged stolidly along the track for hours. It seemed to him that an end- less night just dragged and dragged and dragged itself on. He lost the power to re- member anything but night. He could not anticipate. It was still dark when he saw ahead of him the flare of light on snow. He stopped, for the instant contemplating a roundabout way to avoid men and the menace they represented. Then he caught up his stampeding senses. Was he to dodge and duck the rest of his life? Display of fear would draw to him the very attention and the suspicion he dreaded. He had seen it happen. Bracing to meet, with all of the power of his keen wit and the strength of his muscles, whatever it was that stood there in his route, he moved noiselessly ahead. - “You got yer chanst; an’ you ain’t got the nerve to take it! ” It seemed as if the shadows were talking to him. Wharton paused and listened. “ I ain’t so sure he’s got tjie pay-envel- ope on him! ” another voice observed. Wharton knew then that he was listening to a conversation that did not concern him in the least. Yet he stood still and waited: It was too strange a place for a conference and the time too unusual for him to pass by. “ I tell you I seen the express-agent of that train give it to 'him. I heard him say what it was. What more d’ye want?” “ Well, ain’t we waited here all night fur him to go to Ellsworth?” the other asked. “ Yep, we have. But seems like he ain’t went,” the first voice admitted. “ An’ they ain’t no use tryin’ to git me to pull off anything raw right among the bunch!” “ Seems zif he’d git to Ellsworth in time to git back by momin’!” the first voice grumbled. “ Say, mates, you’ll get in worse than you’ve ever been if you fool with any pay- envelopes!” Wharton’s voice came like a thunder-clap to the two men who had believed them- selves safe from being overheard. They stood for a brief instant, dumfounded. Then, with a unanimity that showed they believed themselves in the power of some one they must put beyond hurting them, 'they “ rushed ” the newcomer. Wharton dodged them both. Then he tried to argue with them. “ Look here, I’m not tryin’ to get you!” he called out from the shadows. “ I’m just givin’ you some good advice!” “ Like hell you are! ” was growled at him. The two men came at him again, secure in numbers and evidently purposing to quiet him without the use of firearms. Wharton realized that this was no mild encounter. Ahd he was not up to his usual form.MISS ANGEL.	85 He was tired with the long day and night tramp. But the nasty methods of fighting that the two practised against Jjjim roused every ounce of fight in him. He managed to hold his own too long to suit ithe men. They growled warnings ito each other about not using their guns. But the lust for triumph at any price began to sing through their veins and blot out cau- tion. Wharton stumbled when one man was at- tacking him in front and the other worrying him behind. As he fell forward, clutching at his man, his hands slid along his body. The man’s clothes were those of a track- laborer, not of a ranchman or cow-puncher. “ I haven’t a gun; and you haven’t, so don’t get puffy! ” he yelled as he struggled to his feet in spite of their united efforts to hold him down. Relieved of the menace of dirty gun work, Wharton let out a whoop that rang like a bugle-call. “ Shut up!” one of the men commanded, clutching for his throat. “ Make me! ” Wharton snarled and again he yelled till the night rang. What Wharton had hoped happened. An answering halloo came. He had reached the neighborhood of -the snow-plow that had released the train. For a second the two men paused in their assault. Then they lit into him with re- doubled fury. It was the vicious attack of those Who saw their triumph vanishing and snatched a last opportunity to do for the ■one who had outwitted them. But the purring click of something with wheels that moved along the rails insinu- ated its warning between the guttural swear words. “The track-velocipede!” Wharton heard the first voice call as the hammering fists ceased their beating. A second later he stood alone and waver- ing on the track. His eyes were fastened on the little headlight of the approaching machine. He stood still in the road-bed, waving his arms that felt as if they weighed tons each. The velocipede stopped. A man leaped off and, with a gun in his hand, came toward Wharton, “ What’s up?” “ Two men—going to rob the man with the pay-envelope as he—as he went to—to Ellsworth. I told ’em not to; and they lit into me! ” The man with the pay-envelope in his pocket JisTened to the information with peculiar interest. “ They’re men from the snow-plow gang,” Wharton said as he regained his breath. “ Wore overalls, no guns. Lit out when they heard you coming.” “ Who are you?” the foreman of the snow-plow gang asked, his eyes piercing the darkness and measuring the superior height and breadth of the shadow from, which the voice came. “ Oh, just a cow-puncher! Got snowed in at Ellsworth an’ didn’t want to wait till to-morrow night to git on west,” Wharton answered. He talked with the indifferent ease of the men among whom he claimed a place tem- porarily. It was a part of the etiquette of the country not to ask for any more per- sonal data than the individual was moved to give. “ No vise tryin’ to catch the skunks! ” the foreman said regretfully. “/Do you want a ride?” Wharton could have hugged the fellow. He followed instructions and found footing while he clung to the back of the seat in which his rescuer rode. In the process of turning the machine on the track, his over- taxed muscles had shrieked their resent- ment; but the ride meant so much to him .that he scarcely felt the strain of keeping his place when they rolled through the night toward the camp. Ed slept like 'all the seven experts in sleeping incorporate in one man. He was in a car with a lot of snoring fellows; but the hard bunk and the rough blankets felt like heaven. He went into a blissful ob- livion with Miss Angel in attendance. It was late when the foreman roused him. He told Ed that two of the gang were missing, so he had no difficulty in identify- ing the men who 'had meant to rob him. “ I want to get a report back and have those scamps pulled if possible. We’re short-handed now, of course. Thought86 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. mebbe you’d take the velocipede and go back to Ellsworth—” “ Not for a motor-car! ” Ed interrupted, instanter. “ I’m goin’ west, foot or wheel.” “ So’re we. But I—” “Say, I’ll shovel snow!” Wharton an- nounced. “ Don’t know a damn thing about managin’ that cayuse of youm. You better git on; an’ let me stay off an’ shovel. That critter’d git her head an’ run off with me, sure, pop!” The foreman recognized the probability of the cow-man’s knowing nothing of the track-velocipede, so he accepted the sug- gestion. An hour later, Wharton was shov- eling snow while the foreman leaned on the table beside the telegrapher at Ellsworth. Ed had seen him set off. He debated the advisability of sending a message by him to be wired to Cog9well & Sterritt. He wanted to get hold of some of his Aunt Margaret’s money. He had budded and grown hopes .that needed the fructifying richness of cash to bring them to flower. But he decided against the message. Of course, that individual who was on his trail had wired back to Ellsworth pending his own return. It would simply be putting his head into the lion’s mouth to give infor- mation as to his whereabouts. And the realization came crashing down upon him that he gave every evidence of running away. The natural assumption is that only the guilty flee. He flung down his shovel. Since he had started fleeing, it'was up to him to keep going. ^ “ Goin’ to feed?” a comrade of the gang asked. “ Guess I will. Shoveling snow makes me hungry.” Wharton accepted the suggestion. He filled up well. He had a plan that needed efficient stoking. When the other men came from the cook- car, he lingered. A few minutes later, he slid around behind the car and made off westward. He had his shovel over his shoulder so that he seemed merely to be moving off with (the intention of returning. He went past the point where .the sid- ing and the main road met. Then on through the big cut. And as he emerged from between the white walls he felt the spatter of water on his face. It was the beginning of a down-pour. Mistress Weather, having painted a marvel- ous picture on the face of the earth, pro- ceeded to smear and blot it out, getting ready for the masterpiece of spring that she had in mind. The foreman at Ellsworth station got off his report. Then the instrument began to click a message in. “Gosh ding! Can you beat it!” the agent exclaimed. The foreman leaned over as the other wrote out the despatch. “ Wouldn’t you think we wuz the Wild West fur sure? Here’s a pair of crooks that tries to croak you; and now Morg Martin’s got one of hisn!” For Martin was wiring the agent_to have his lawyer get the telegram at Hank Mosher’s for his authority and then com- municate with the firm that sent it inform- ing them that an impostor would try to claim the fortune. “ Great snakes! He’s a first-class, A-i wild man! ” the agent added as more infor- mation came over the wire. Morg said that he was going to get in touch with Sheriff McCue at Poindexter and have him get over to Ellsworth and begin a hunt for a chap who appeared to be guilty of anything from horse-stealing to murder. The agent rushed from the station. The foreman followed. The grocery was the first place where Lawyer .Moseby might be found. Hank was measuring out beans for a cus- tomer when the two entered. He listened to the word from Morg Martin. Moseby had stopped in on his way to his office, but had gone on about ten minutes before. “ Say, I ain’t got that there telegram here.” he observed in his deliberate fashion. “ It’s at the house. You ast Mis’ Mosher fur it. If that there chap’s a vilyun, he’s sure some cool! ” The agent left 'the store to seek the law- yer. Hank put the beans in a sack and rang up the forty-three cents they brought on his cash-register. Then he turned to the foreman. “ Say, wuz it a big chap that put ye wiseMISS ANGEL. 87 to them devils?” Hank asked. “ Big, good- looker with black eyes that bored into you ef he wasn’t smilin’?” The foreman nodded. “ He’s the gink that.Morg’s goin’ to ’rest ef he ketches him. ’Pears like that’s some feat! Kinda tickles me to think ’bout Morg hoppin’ that train, thinkin’ he’d bagged his rabbit whilst the rabbit was a lopin’ ’long on the other side of the track— to the rearwards—an’ Morg a goin’ on an’ on an’ on.” “ Easy to bag him now; he’s h’istin’ snow down the track,” the foreman observed. “ Wuz, you mean,” Hank said laconi- cally. “ What’d you mean—that he’ll hike?” the foreman asked. “ He ain’t the kind to stand long enough in a spot to melt the snow when he knows some one’s gunnin’ fur him.” “ Seems like you ain’t very crazy ’bout gittin’ the wristlets on this guy,” the fore- man observed. “ Ef his murderin’ an’ his other crimes is like his horse-stealin’, looks to me like Morg Martin ought to git himself pinched for libel!” , “ S’pose ’tain’t much use me gittin’ ex- cited ’bout capturin’ them two men,” the foreman observed. “ Say, you take it from me, you better trot right back to yer snow-plow while the trottin’s good. Don’t let Morg Martini git you mussed up in his affairs.” “ You an’ Martin ain’t warm friends, are you?” “Hell—warm!” Hank ejaculated, his false teeth snapping together. “ We would have a decent, grocery-buyin’, church-goin’ town ef he didn’t keep it fur a bar fur his punchers an’ a cow-stable fur his cattle. He ain’t no ornament to no place! He’s so all- fired ust to his own way that I’d be glad if he’d lose this here murderer jes’ to learn him he ain’t the cheese and the rind, too! ” “ Hullo, Moseby! ” It surprised Hank to see the young law- yer standing behind the dangling neckties and the three fancy waistcoats that he had spread out on a clothes-line above the coun- ter. Moseby said nothing. He was Morg Martin’s lawyer. Hank wondered what he thought and then congratulated himself on having unconsciously imparted information which he had, up to the moment, felt that the new lawyer needed, but found no way to serve to him. “ Say, Hank, do I get you when I think you look on Mr. Martin as a destructive power in the growth of our town?” he asked. “ You git me—straight! I’ll tell you a few things that ’11 illustrate my meanin’ ef you’ll step into my office,” Hank invited. Moseby and Hank moved back to the little comer partitioned off from the main room. The foreman started back to his crew. And the agent waded through the snow up to Mrs. Mosher’s veranda—the emissary of Morg Martin in the work of setting up between Edward Wharton and all that was worth having, such difficulties as would render him helpless. Branded as a mur- derer and horse-thief by Morg Martin, pre- vented from securing his fortune by the same individual, the prospects for a future with Dewilde Capet were about as bright as mud. The possession of the message itself was the actual first step in Morg’s plan to block the man who somehow filled his mind as a positive menace to his success with Dewilde. CHAPTER XII. FENCING WITH A RATTLESNAKE. BUT the telegram was not where the agent could get it; it was in the bosom of Mrs Mosher’s gown. And Mrs. Mosher, like the true-blue friend she was, was slowly making her way to Dewilde. The agent stormed the house. It gave back empty response. He tried the back door. Still no answer. He trudged back to the grocery. Hank was serving the patrons whose imprison- ment within doors had made their wants numerous. “ Say, Hank, where’s your wife?” he de- manded. “ Home, I guess,” Hank answered as he cut off a hunk of bacon.88 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. “ I guess she ain’t. I’ve just been there; an’ they ain’t nothing doin’.” '“It’s did, then!” Hank observed with confidence in his other half. “ What do you want of her?” “ That telegram. We got to stop that man from gittin’ money that ain’t hisn.” “ Whose got to stop him?” Hank asked, pausing in his business activities and giving all his attention to the agent. “ I got this wire from Morg Martin—” “ That telegram we got wasn’t addressed to Mr. Morgan Martin. You take it from me, that same Mr. Martin is going to butt in once too many an’ git stuck so he cain’t git out!” “ ’Tain’t no use encouragin’ murderers and cutthroats and horse-thieves in this here community!” the agent affirmed. “ ’Tain’t no sense in lettin’ Morg Mar- tin run every prospective, high-class citizen out of the place.” “ I don’t git you, Hank. This here mur- derin’ brute ain’t no high-class citizen as I can see.” “ Ain’t nobuddy said he was a murderer and a’ impostor but Morg Martin, is they?” Hank asked. “ Not as I know of. But he—” “ But he’s got his eyes crossed a-lookin’ at Dewildy Capet, an’ you know it. This here man he’s after just come from visiting at the Neck-and-Neck. He come in with Miss Dewildy’s Switches. I guess she thinks a heap of him to let him have her cavuse. Morg’s jes’ got jealous and gone to poppin’ round with his gun. Ef you’d ’a’ lived here’s long as we have, you’d be plumb sick of his high-handed ways.” “ You ain’t a goin’ to give me that tele- gram then?” the agent queried. “ I ain’t got it. Mis’ Mosher’s took charge of it. She’s a goin’ to show it to Miss Capet. Ef you want it, you kin git it from the company. But let me tell you, you better go easy how you collaborate with a private citizen ’bout houndin' some one. Morg Martin shot at that man when he was gittin’ aboard the train. I seen him do it. I hope to the good Lord that Mr. Wharton ’11 come back and give him hisn. Meanwhile, they ain’t nobuddy but the sheriff’s got the right to do what you’re a foolin’ with. Till you git your orders from him, don’t be makin’ a fust-class ijiot and catspaw of yerself fur Morg Martin. It don’t pay; and it hurts the town! ” The agent went back to his work. Hank's advice sounded sane. The agent had aspirations for local popularity; Hank had waked him up to the fact that the man he considered the “ most prominent citizen ” was not in favor with the real town-builders and reliables. When Hank went home for his dinner, he found the table all spread and the food on it. Under the lid of the sugar-bowl he unearthed a note: Hanky: The coffee’s in the pot on the back of the stove. Fritz put our old buggy on runners and I am off to Dewilde. So-long, Hankey. Don’t forget your medicine. Minnie. Hank grinned. Minnie always did the right thing. She had gone off with the telegram, of course, though her motive was to succor Dewilde. He saw in it the kindly hand of a fortune that meant to curb Morg Martin in his abuses of the town and its better citizens. As Minnie, accompanied by Fritz, plowed westward through the snow in the impro- vised sleigh, Dewilde reentered the ranch- house after a visit to Switches. She opened the door softly, hoping that her visitor might be asleep. But she was amazed to see him up and digging away at the bedding on the springs in the bunk. “ What are you doing?” she exclaimed, surprised at the vigor he displayed. Clayton started. “ Dropped my watch down here,” he answered. Dewilde thought no more of the incident, except to decide that the man was well enough to go on to town as soon as a way was provided. But the real Arch Clayton had made a discovery. He lay back in the bunk abso- lutely shivering with suppressed excitement. He had seen, between the springs, a good- sized sheet of galvanized tin. And on it were letters painted in black he knew to be the symbols of the precious formula. One thing he needed—that was oppor-MISS ANGEL. 89 tunity to move the spring so that the thin slats which crossed it did not partly hide the precious recipe. He begged Dewilde not to stay with him. “ Just where do' you think I could go?” “ You make it so perfectly apparent that I’m a bother I wanted to relieve you of any feeling of responsibility for me! ” he replied. She glanced at him and the silver in her eyes grew bright. “ There isn’t much of a variety out here in the way of refuges and retreats and sani- tariums! When any one comes along who needs one of the /three, the hospitality of the country just has to give of its poor facilities.” “ I’m not looking for a sanitarium!” he retorted. “ N-o?” she returned, her brows lifted. “ No! But a retreat suits me all right— with a girl like you!” Clayton watched the flow of her wrath rise in her cheeks in crimson banners and blaze from her eyes like twin beacons. “You don’t like that!” he observed. “ But you’ve been treating me to your Vere de Vere manners about as long as I care to stand it. That scoundrel Clayton isn’t the only man in the world that likes a pretty girl. You let him get away with some love stuff—” “Be still!” she cried, leaping from her chair and facing him in royal indignation. “ That man may have been short on morals; but he had manners! If you can’t remem- ber yours, I’ll remind you!” She started across the room to where her own and Wharton’s gun lay on the table. She had put them there on her return from the shack; and, after getting breakfast, had forgotten to replace her weapon in her pocket. “ I guess you won’t pick up one of those guns, Miss Capet!” Clayton, cat-footed in his stocking feet, was within three feet of her. The gun that neither she nor Morg had thought to take from him, was leveled at her. Dewilde went white, overwhelmed with terror for an instant. The utter hopeless- ness of any one’s coming was the one thought that held her in its grip. Clayton laughed. “ My dear girl, I’m not the same kind of a villain that you spent the night with. I see how beautiful you are just as plainly as he did. I’d give a good deal to know how he won you; but—” Dewilde’s breath stuck in her throat for ia second. Then a wave of something warm and strengthening rose from her heart. “ I’m willing to earn a way to what he just naturally took! ” Dewilde Capet had been brought up like lots of other Southern girls, to think that her charms were the royal road to triumph in men’s hearts. Her mother had come as near to spoiling her with the doctrine as she could; it was only the invincible natural nobility of the girl’s character that had saved her. But now, with a gun pointing at her and a man behind it whose eyes glistened disagreeably while he kept moistening his lips as if they were parched, she deliberately focused every phase of her winsomeness as a weapon to match his. “ Have I been so—so disagreeable?” she asked, the long look from under her dark lashes holding Clayton’s gaze. “You have,” he asserted, wondering what she meant to try next. “ I reckon you’re right,” she acknowl- edged softly, the deeply luscious comers of her lips drooping. “ I’m so distracted about my uncle and all that’s happened since this hideous storm set in that I—I—I reckon I’ve been mighty unkind.” Pity for herself and fear made the tears come. They slipped from under her low- ered lids and dried, after an instant of trembling on her cheeks. “ I’ll accept that as an apology,” Clay- ton said quickly, dazed a bit by the be- wildering change in her. Then he added: “ I wonder if you’ll ever forgive me for— for—for daring to give you a hint of how I feel about you! ” “ I’d find it easier to do that if you were not at the business end of a gun. Of course, you can make me say—or do—almost any- thing you like when you have the drop! ” “ I don’t want to act the cave-man—un- less you make me! ” he answered. “ Well, I won’t. I don’t know much about cave-men; and I’m clever enough to90 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY, stay within the limits of my own experi- ence.	' “ Does that mean that you’ll let that gun alone?” he asked. “ It does.” He laughed aloud. There was that in her voice, in her eyes as she gave him a fleeting glimpse of them which seemed to say, “ You’re too big and too strong, too much of a man altogether for me to com- bat you; I cry quits!” She moved toward the fire, which needed replenishing. As she bent to pick up a log, Clayton rushed forward. “ Let me do that!” he said, tossing it on the fire. “ Oh, but you are quite strong!” she ex- claimed. Her gray eyes swept him with a glance he could not read. He fell back on his role of invalid. “ I’d try anything for you! But it—1 makes me wabbly,” he answered, swaying slightly as he caught hold of the mantel. Dewilde’s eyes said nothing. Her softly closed lips did not move. But deep within: a silent voice told her he would leave that ranch-house at the very earliest moment. She hated him as she hated a rattlesnake. Counting on the gain he believed he had made in her good graces, Clayton paused beside the fire. “ Would you mind if I sat down here?” he asked. “ Of course npt. Do! ” she responded, her hand itching to feel the pressure of her gun’s butt. “ It’s certainly some exclusive here,” he observed, creeping warily up to a point on which he had thought intently. “ It’s the end of the world—wThen it snowrs,” she responded, feeling like a mouse that a cat had let run for a second. “ Have you any idea when Mr. Martin will come back?” “ Morgan Martin is a peculiarly deter- mined man. He’s gone to get the man he believes tried to rob my uncle and kill you. Of course, you are not dead; but he— doesn’t know that; and he does know what this—this black-hearted beast did to Mr. Capet!” For reasons of his own, Clayton made no comment; and Dewilde sat in a miserable reverie. The fire crackled as it bit into the new log. And in the silence of the room, they heard the heavy drops of rain come pelting down on the roof. Somehow, the foreboding that Martin would find out who was really the fiend that had mistreated Capet ground into Clay- ton till he was terror-stricken. '• Rain! Rain!” Dewilde exclaimed. “ The snow will go. You can get away! ” She ran toward the door. From the cor- ner of her eye, she sent a wishful glance at the two guns lying on the table; but dared not risk an effort to secure them. “ I’ll have to look after some things out- side! ” she called back over her shoulder. Slipping into her coat she rushed out into the snow, capless. Once beyond the door, her breath stuck in her throat; and a great sob pushed up through it stiflingly. Weary, worried, wretched, she ran to her one comforter. Switches whinnied softly as She burst into his stable and shut the door behind her. She dropped the latch in place as if even so slight an obstacle between her and the man in the ranch-house were a comfort. The instant the door slammed behind her, Clayton shot up from his place on the bench. A moment later he heard the sound of another door closing. Martin might come back. He dared not let another moment pass without making an effort to secure the formula and then seeking a means of getting away from the ranch-house. He strode to the bunk. With a jerk he pulled the bedding out on the floor. Then lifted the springs so that one side rested on the board that formed the front of the bunk. He grabbed his pencil and a piece of paper, copied the first symbols of the for- mula and bent to move the springs so that he could see the rest. “Well! I never!” The voice startled him as if it were the crack of doom. He whirled guiltily. Mrs. Mosher, eying him grimly, stood on the threshold. (To be continued NEXT WEEK.)THREE men followed a mountain trail single file. The one who led held his hands stiffly before him and the second man carried an automatic pistol and watched the leader. The third traveler clung to a small, black leather hand-bag. It had been raining, was raining and promised to keep on raining with the pecu- liar fidelity that is characteristic of the Cas- cade range where warm air currents off the Pacific meet the chill of the snow-fields and dissolve into tears. The trail was merely a crude track through the big timber. It climbed over the roots of trees as high as a small house; crawled under windfalls and lost itself in thickets where vine maple and briars tan- gled like barbed wire and were no more con- siderate of the person who ventured through. The soil was so rain-sodden that the men sank to their ankles. The wrists of the leader, held so stiffly before him, were manacled and his arms were of little use in balancing his body. He lurched like a drunkard on a Saturday night and went often to his knees. From head to boot-sole he was plastered with mud. His clothing was torn by thorns and the exposed parts of his body were scratched and bruised and grimed. The gray light had failed completely when the leader came in sight of a little cabin of logs and cedar shakes set in a makeshift clearing and revealed only by the glow of a lamp. He indicated the place by a stiff gesture of the bound arms and halted. His two companions halted beside him and stared a long time. The man with the weapon, who was heavy set and spoke with evidence of a bad cold in the head, swore huskily. “ You trying to double- cross us?” he demanded. “Yeah!” whined the third traveler. “ You said t'his shack was empty! If you’re framing anything—” “ It was empty two days ago,” their leader declared. “ I tell you I was up to it and it was empty—and closed up. It was! How in hell could I double-cross the two of you—and you with the guns!” They clustered there at the edge of the clearing and argued angrily. All admitted to being tired—played out with the hard going; half starved and half frozen. The orange glow of the light and errant sparks from the cabin’s tin stove-pipe had a fas-_ cination for them like the candle’s lure for the moth. Finally the man who held the gun announced, “ I’ll go up, Gus. You watch him and if he makes a squawk—vou know! If it’s 0. K. I’ll whistle.” Five minutes later they heard his low signal to them and met him before the cab- in door. He was chuckling. “ It’s all right, Gus! 9192 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. Nobody but a skirt, and all alone. Come on in!” The woman was the only ornamental thing in the cabin. Its walls were logs, chinked with mud and unadorned. A box- like shelf, cushioned with straw and cov- ered with a pair of gray blankets, was built in one- comer for a bunk. The small iron stove was rusty, but glowing now with life. The lamp swung from the wall by an iron bracket. In the center of the small room stood a home-made table. Except for these and some men’s clothing hanging from nails the place was bare. But the woman was distinctly an orna- ment. She was 'tall as the average tall man, a six-footer and built in proportion—as nice a piece of work as the fabled Juno. The trail clothes she wore—man’s overalls stuffed into high boots, a blue flannel shirt and over that, hanging open, a wool sweater of dull wine-brown—accentuated her hand- some figure.^. Her hair was piled thick, the color of straw long exposed to the weather, and her eyes were blue and long-lashed. In a more womanly dress she might have seemed commonplace; as it was she fitted her environment perfectly. The knock at the door startled her at the stove, where she was tending a frying-pan and coffee-pot, but die answered almost without hesitation with an invitation that held a hearty welcome. When the three men came in she stared hard at her peculiar guests, but she asked no questions. “ Sit down and dry off,” she said, “ and one of you boys close that door. Grub’s pretty near ready. Been following the trail far?” The hoarse-voiced one, who had dropped his pistol into the side pocket of his mack- inaw coat, answered her. “ Yes’m, come a long ways—all the way down from Sno- quamish Pass since morning. And a rotten soft trail that is! ” She nodded affably. “ Well, I should say it was, this time of year! ” Her eyes turned curiously to the manacled man. “ My name’s Holt, lady, John Holt, of Atkins’s International Detective Agency. This here’s my partner, Gus Kidder.” The hoarse-voiced one turned up the lapel of his coat and showed a nickel badge. “ Deputy sheriff in this county.” He brought several papers from his pocket and offered them to her. “ My credentials, miss. Me and Gus have been up to the Pass after this party here, Wallace Poe. He robbed a bank mes- senger in Seattle two weeks back. Got bonds mostly, one hundred and fifty thou- sand dollars’ worth. He and'another guy. We haven’t got the other one yet, but we got this bird all right, eh, Poe?” Holt grinned jovially at his prisoner. -The pris- oner said nothing. The manacled man’s silence seemed to tickle Holt. He explained, “ Poe ain’t much of a hand for conversation, lady. Just don’t seem to feel like talking. I guess maybe he’s saving all his talk to spill to the judge and jury!” He laughed heartily at this, and Gus, who was thin and habitu- ally glum, condescended to grin. The woman surprised the prisoner in a blush. The dirt on his face was crusted itoo thick to show the hot blood of shame, but by his,eyes she knew his emotion. “ Grub’s ready,” she announced. “ Draw up and eat plenty.” She served them ham and eggs and fried potatoes and they wolfed down /the hot food. Holt released his prisoner’s hands for the meal and promptly returned the manacles when he had finished. They did no talking until they had eaten, then Holt, expanding under the influence of food and his pipe, put a number of ques- tions about ithe trail, about the distance to Hydro, the nearest town eight miles away, and finally, “ Homesteading here, I s’pose?” he inquired. The woman nodded, yes. “ Husband gone for long?” “ My husband! Oh, well he’s not gone—1 because he’s never been here. I haven’t any —not married.” “ Is that so! Well, well, single woman, eh?” “ Single woman.” She answered his questions composedly. There was just a hint of amusement at his volubility and his curiosity. She said her name was Carr; that women homesteaders were not so unusual; that she was not at all frightened at the life and too busy withLOCAL TALENT. 93 work to get lonesome; agreed that at times the trails were pretty bad and the living problem knotty, but seemed buoyed up by unfailing optimism and guided by shrewd common sense. She volunteered little, but talked readily enough when Holt and Gus asked questions. Holt ceased questioning finally and showed evidences of thinking. Finally, “ Gus, c’mere a minute,” he said. The two went to a far corner of the room and began to argue some question in whispers. May Carr rose. “ This place is getting stuffy,” she announced. “ If you don’t mind I’ll open the window a bit.” An absent-minded nod from the two in the comer gave her permission. She pushed the window high. A gust of wind shook the cabin. The coal-oil lamp flickered sharply, then went ouit. May Carr’s frightened exclamation was echoed by the shouts of Holt and his part- ner, a scuffle of feet, an exclamation from the prisoner in tones of evident annoyance, “ Me try to break away! Where d’you get that stuff?” Then the woman’s voice: “ I’ll find a match in just a second now. Sure had a box by this stove when I started supper. Now where in the world—” “ Better make it snappy, lady,” Holt sug- gested grimly. “• Don’t like this dark—” From the prisoner: “ Hell, I’m not start- ing anything!” From Gus: “ Who kicked my leg? Ow! Get off my com, Holt! ” Holt was protesting sharply. “ I ain’t on your Corn, I tell you!” when a match was scratched and they saw May Carr at the lamp. The light glowed again. She closed the window briskly and smiled. “ Didn’t know it was blowing so,” she apol- ogized. Holt grumbled. “ No harm done, I guess,” and picked up the black leather bag knocked from the table to floor in the confusion. f Then he turned to their hostess. “ Me and Gus was wondering,” he said, “ if you could keep an eye on our prisoner for us? You see, Poe’s partner is liable to be coming down that trail ’most any time, and we aim to bag ’em both. That’s the policy of Atkins’s Agency, Miss Carr. Make a clean job of it no matter how much trouble it costs.” He grinned genially. “ We thought if we tied Poe up good maybe you’d just as lief keep an eye on him for a few hours while we watched the trail? If the other fellow don’t show up by morning, why we’ll go to Hydro, and telephone for some fresh men for that job. Guess you ain’t afraid 'to stay with this Poe, eh? I’ll leave you a gun—” “ I have a gun. And I’m not afraid.” May Carr smiled slightly. “ By gosh, and that’s no bluff, either!” Holt vowed with real enthusiasm as he sur- veyed her erect, vigorous figure. “ You could lick six of him! Eh, Poe?” He guffawed delightedly. Gus had produced a length of stout cord and was already making a hobble about Poe’s ankles. Holt unfolded a handker- chief and thrust it into his prisoner’s mouth. May Carr protested. “Oh, must you do that?” “ Well, it’s this way,” Holt’s husky voice whispered confidentially; “ he’s a foul- mouthed, hard-boiled guy, miss, and leave him alone with you this way and he’s liable to say something rough—maybe make you uncomfortable, y’see?” She nodded thoughtfully. It was perfectly plain, When they had finished, that the prisoner was not going to make anybody any trouble, either vocal or otherwise. He was hobbled by the ankles; his wrists were held securely by steel bracelets and his jaws were spread apart by 'the gag. Holt addressed him with his ready grin. “ Just take it easy, Pee. Don’t excite your- self none. Keep calm whatever you do, and maybe if you’re patient we’ll come back and get you pretty soon. Ready, Gus?” “ Ready,” Gus declared, picking up the black leather bag. “ Good luck, boys,” said May Carr. “ I hope you find your man.” When they had gone she resumed her seat at the table, studying the prisoner. He sat facing her, his hands held stiffly before him, his face half obliterated by the gag.94, ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY, His eyes kept moving, asking questions, be- seeching, imploring. Finally she rose briskly. “ That gag’s a silly piece of business,” she announced. “ I declare, I think I’ll take it off. Why, I haven’t heard a word out of you since you came in. As if I was afraid of anything you’d say!” With strong, skilled fingers she unknotted the rag from his jaws, then filled a dipper with water and held it to his lips. He gulped the water like a famished dog. May 'Carr sat down and studied him wiith evident self-approval. “ Now you can talk,” she said, “ but first maybe you’d feel better if you took some of that mud off your face. The wash- basin’s in the corner.” When the prisoner had followed this hint he presented a rather florid countenance, not so bad looking. A little trick mustache of the sort 'that became popular during the war was again visible. One could imagine him, barbered and carefully dressed, as something of a city lady-killer—and the girl’s face must have reflected some admira- tion at the change, for he appeared more complacent. • “ Look here, little lady,” he began husk- ily, “ thank God you got some brains and a regular human heart. You ain’t going to lose by this little piece of work; no, sir! Jack Holt’s a regular guy when it comes to remembering his friends—” “ Jack Holt! .Why, ho-” “ No, he ain’t, either. Jack Holt—that’s me, see? I’m Jack Holt—Holt, Of the At- kins International Detective Agency, At- kins’s right-hand operative—” Her big eyes widened as she stared. Her lips parted. She leaned forward, all atten- tion. The prisoner noted the attitude with evident satisfaction. “ I’m Jack Holt, the detective,” he re- peated earnestly. “ That big stiff with the cold in his head, that’s Poe, Poe the guy that got those bonds off the messenger. He’s the crook, I tell you; he’s the party ought to be wearing these bracelets. Lady, that’s God’s truth. You—you got to believe me—” “ Oh, oh, I—I couldn’t believe that. Why, how—when—why didn’t you say this before? Why didn’t you speak when He was here?” The flush deepened in his face. His voice became sulky. “ Held a gun on me,” he mumbled. “ I’ll make, him pay for that yet. If I talked he’d have blown my head off. Say—how was I to tell you?” “ But—but he had identification papers, everything—” “Yeah! Everything of mine! Can’t you get that, miss? Listen, you got to get it, and get it quick. I’m on the level. Poe, and this fellow, Kidder, that’s his partner in that bond robbery, well, they got my papers and my star and my gun and they’re getting away with that bag that’s got all the bonds in it. They’re going to get clean away if I can’t get your help to-night. You got to believe me, little girl, you got to understand somehow—” “ But I don’t understand, yet—” Her look invited him to tell it all. Again the flush deepened in his face. He had something to tell that he did not relish. But also he was plainly desperate. “ I was out of luck,” he explained. “ Out of luck, that’s all. First time Jack Holt ever got in a jam like this, but—well, hell, when I get fooled you can bet it’s some pretty clever crook turns the trick. And I’ll hand it to Poe, he’s a smart one—and a bad one, too! Why, lady, it’s the first time —never mind, though. Y’see, I went after this pair alone. That’s the kind of worker I am, Miss Carr—always taking a big chance in the line of duty. I went after ’em single-handed. The city police and the rest of the Atkins force—good fellows y’un- derstand, but not very quick in the head— well, they all figured this pair would try to work south along the coast. But not Jack Holt. No, sir, I sized up this case different. I figured they’d sure try to strike across the Snoquamish Pass toward the east—and that’s just what they did—” May Carr’s eyes were bright. She glowed with admiration. “ My, that was clever! How do you detective^ ever guess those things?” “ Oh, well—” Even manacles could not spoil the prisoner’s improved opinion of himself when that opinion was so plainly reflected by the pretty girl opposite. “ UsLOCAL TALENT. 95 detectives is trained to use our beans,” he admitted. “ I should think so! And nobody helped you, nobody gave you any tip which way they might go?” “ Give me a tip! Huh! No, nobody gave me any tip. Why?” “ Oh, I just read somewhere that detec- tives work that way—” “ Not Jack Holt, lady!” “ And I thought I heard Ed Mears, the deputy sheriff at Hydro, say something about working with one of Atkins’s men on the bond theft case—” “ Never heard of this here Mears,” the prisoner declared, looking her squarely in the eye. “ Never heard of him! ” he added generously. “ Not but maybe your friend Ed Mears is all right, y’understand, but us regular detectives don’t get any help out of those hick constables and deputy sheriffs. I work alone—” “ You seem to have found your men all right,” she suggested demurely. “ Y-e-e-e-s—Yeah, I found ’em. I found ’em.” Holt, if it was Holt, wriggled un- easily. “ Fact is,” he added, “ they found me! Found me and got the drop on me. Used my own bracelets on me, too. And made me show ’em the trail out to Hydro. Treated me like I was a pack-horse—” “ Good gracious, they might have mur- dered you! ” “ Planned to. Yep, they figured on that, when we got close enough to Hydro so’s they’d be sure of the way. Lucky we saw your ligbt-here. And now, they’ve beat it. First thing they’ll do is divide up those bonds and split up. Go two ways and make twice as much trouble running ’em down.” He leaned forward earnestly, beating his manacled hands on the table. “ Miss Carr, don’t you believe in me now? Hey, don’t you? Why, you got to believe me! Won’t you please take me to Hydro, where I can get these damned cuffs cut off my wrists and get on the trail of those guys again? Can’t you see how I’ve got to hurry? Why, every minute counts—” “ Yes, you really ought to hurry,” May Carr agreed. “ That is, if you really are Jack Holt, the great detective—” “ But I am. I am Holt! Can’t you see I’m the real thing? Don’t I talk like it— act like it?” A trace of smile disturbed May Carr’s lips. “ I believe you do,” she agreed with cordiality. “ Yes, I believe you do—you act just like one of Atkins’s famous de- tectives!” Was there any irony concealed in that remark? Holt did not seem to think so. He burst out gratefully. “ I thought you’d understand! Thank God, I struck some- body with brains! Why, you—Miss Carr, you’re darn clever—for a woman. A clever, smart girl like you is bound to tell a real detective from a phoney. Jsfow you’ll take me to Hydro, eh?” “ I might, if—” “ Please, please, lady! You don’t want them crooks to get away—” Her manner changed swiftly. Her up- raised hand cut his speech in twain. In a low tone she said, leaning closer: “Be still. They’re coming back. You do as I tell you—never mind how I know; I do know! Take this flashlight. You can man- age that with the bracelets on?” She thrust an electric torch into his hands, then crossed the room and blew out the lamp. “ In a couple of minutes Poe and Kidder will come in here,” she whispered. “ Don’t talk! Don’t doubt me! I know it’s they* because—because I do know. Now! When they push open that door you turn that light on them and keep it on them. Keep it in their eyes. I’ve got a gun and I know how to use it. I’ll attend to them and you at- tend to the light—” “ Don’t I get a gun?” “ You! Think I’d trust you with a gun —'and your hands manacled besides. Mind that light. Ready!” Events proved swiftly that May Carr had a sharp ear and some faculty as keen as second sight. The outer door was pushed open with stealthy caution. Two figures, bulking dimly against the faint gray light, blocked the opening. The electric torch flashed in their faces. Poe and Kidder, as the girl had said! On its first rays sped May Carr’s com- mand: “ Stick ’em way up, both of you.96 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY, Higher! I’m awful nervous with a gun. Now, come into the center of the room.” They came, followed by the rays of the torch. Her deft hands robbed them of their firearms. She stored the extra weapons in her sweater-pockets. Then she addressed Holt sharply, reliev- ing him of the light as she spoke. “ Up with you, alongside your friends. All three of you back up against that wall.” “ Hey, listen!”	' She gestured unpleasantly with the pistol. Holt rose and backed slowly toward Poe and Kidder, his manacled hands held above his head. The three of them lined up, facing her, pinned to the wall by the stabbing light and the menace of her weapon. May Carr backed swiftly toward the open door. From the doorway she spoke again. “ If any of you huskies think you can wriggle through .that tiny window you’re welcome to try, after I’m gone. I don’t think you can do it. And this door is going to be barred from outside, so I guess that ’11 hold you until I bring up some of the boys from Hydro. Take my advice and you won’t try to get loose. It’s a long trail back to Snoquamish Pass and you’re bound to get caught one side or the other. Good- by.” “ Wait! ” Poe’s husky voice quivered re- proachfully. V Somebody swiped them bonds out of our bag. Gus claims it was you. I ain’t sure, but if it wasn’t you, me and Gus have got a little settlement to make to-night—” “ It was you! It was; wasn’t it, lady?” Gus entreated. “ Yes,” said May Carr. “ I took them when the light blew out. I have them with me. I took them because I hoped you and,.Gus would come back looking for them.” Poe muttered something eloquent of bit- terness. May Carr took another backward step. “ Yeah, how about me, lady?” The detective’s hands stretched out en- treatingly. “ Listen, you ain’t going to leave me here to be murdered?” “ I don’t think your friends will murder you. Not really. Because a posse will be back for them in a little .while—and that ■would mean swinging for them. Of course they might feel a little sore—” “ But I tell you I’m Jack Holt, of the Atkins Agency. I thought you said you be- lieved me—” “ I’m inclined to believe you. Sometimes I think you are just what you say—” “ Well then, for God’s sake—” Her voice was cool—brisk. “ And if you really are Holt—” “ I am. You must know I am—” -	“ Well, if you are Jack Holt, you’re get- ting just what you deserve. Let me remind you: Ed Mears, deputy sheriff at Hydro, has been flat on his back with a fever. Too weak to stir out. But it was Ed Mears who figured out why and how Poe and Kid- der would come over Snoquamish Pass. He figured it all out and sent for Jack Holt, of the Atkins Agency, and they made a bar- gain to go halves on the reward. But Jack Holt being a really great detective couldn’t see it that way. He wouldn’t wait for the man Mears wanted to send to help him. No. He decided to do the job alone—and (take all the reward. No help from hick constables for Jack Holt. He’s a man who can use his own 'brains! ” She chuckled grimly. Then she added: “ But maybe you’re not Holt after all. How can I tell? I’ll just leave you with your friends until Ed Mears has a look at you.” “ You framed this! You figured all this out!” “ Remember, even you said I was smart —for a woman! I knew about you—and the way you double-crossed Mears. I came looking for you.” “ But—but, lady, who the hell are you?” She laughed contentedly. “ Nobody. No detective at all, Holt. I’m only the girl that’s going to marry Ed Mears the day we cash those rewards.” She was sitill chuckling when the door was barred and she was free to turn down the (trail to Hydro. But there were no chuckles in the cabin where two sorely tried crooks were considering what to do to the hapless Jack Holt. 6	AVictor L&urisfon. Author •! "Pay Sand,” ctc. M' CHAPTER XVII. THE UNEXPECTED HAPPENS. “ RS. FERINTOSH had come down by the time Detective Tripp and Captain Grant returned from their fruitless chase. Rolbinson still seemed dazed and unsteady. To Tripp he tried to explain again just what had happened to him. “ I watched, sir. Just watched in the dark, sir. Then up came some one behind me, very quiet, and grabbed me. Then I went dizzy, all of a sudden. The next I knew I was hanging on to the post, and Miss Adair had switched on the light.” “ What I want to know,” insisted Tripp, “ is, what did the man look like?” Robinson puzzled. He was apparently trying to resolve his recollections into the real and the fanciful; and they were too badly mixed to do this in a moment. “ I’d say he was a tall man, sir; and dark. I’d say a foreigner, sir. He moved very quiet, just like a cat.” “ Or an Indian?” interpolated Glory Adair softly. She saw Tripp start at that suggestion. They were grouped around the sitting-room table. Behind their heavy lashes Glory Adair’s brown eyes glowed with sheer dev- ilment. She had made that suggestion on the spur of the moment, for Tripp’s sole benefit. There were few Indians to be seen in Carisford in these modern days. Then she remembered that at Moraviantown, close to the Bothwell oil wells, there was an In- dian reserve. “ I don’t know as to that, miss,” re- tinned Robinson, a bit confused but still very respectful. “ It was too dark to tell much, and he must have been behind me. But I’d say a foreigner, anyway.” That was about-all he could say, though Tripp questioned him pertinaciously. Nor had Captain Grant much to add. Grant had seen a vague shape flitting through the shrubbery, and had at once shouted to Tripp. As for Tripp, he had blundered into a lawn seat and barked his shins, and had not got near enough to the fugitive to Bee anything. But he seemed eminently sat- isfied. He said good-night to Mrs. Fer- intosh and nodded amicably to Glory Adair. She surmised that the little man wished to talk; so walked sedately with him as far as the tall iron gate. “ Well?” said Tripp. He stopped in the path and looked squarely into her brown * eyes. It was too dark to see much, but his manner was un- mistakably cocky. “ Miss Adair,” he said, “ I’ve been let- ting you run away with my common sense. You’re an uncommonly persuasive young woman. It’s just as well this thing hap- pened. It has brought me down to earth.” This story began in the Argosy-AHstory Weekly for March 26. 7	A	9798 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. “ Indeed?” The nurse’s tone was dryly sarcastic. But Tripp, in his self-congratu- latory mood, quite missed the sarcasm. “ There’s nothing to your palmistry— nothing. Absolutely nothing. I’ll say it again, Miss Adair—nothing.” He seemed eager to convince himself, and to drive home the conviction so deeply that no smile of hers should ever again lure him away from his 9olid skepticism. “ Nothing,” agreed Miss Adair equably. “ Of course there’s nothing. You surely thought so when you went digging into the Bothwell epoch and unearthed Peter Cas- silis?” “ Cassill,” corrected Tripp. “ I knew all along I was wasting time there. Still, your line of talk has been so uncommonly per- suasive, I just felt I had to look up those things. Now I’m going to remind myself every morning that this is just a plain, matter-of-fact case involving blackmail and kidnaping and murder. That I must keep my bearings. And that I have merely to stick to the present to unearth all the facts I need. I don’t need to dig into the re- mote.” “ Then don’t do it.” She had diagnosed Tripp long ago. He was an alert, energetic, busy little man with an amazing memory for evidence, but with a recurrent yearning to confide his views to some one. His note of egotistical self-sat- isfaction jarred her. She had a profound faith in her palm- istry, and her palmistry had told her just two things—that Ferintosh was no killer, and hence could not have murdered Creigh- ton; and that Ferintosh had done nothing since his marriage to subject him to black- mail. Postscript: Ferintosh would fight back rather than pay blackmail, unless he had some powerful, unselfish motive for covering up the truth. That truth, she in- sisted, related to occurrences far distant; and Tripp, she told herself, must go a long way back to fipd the truth. But Tripp no longer thought so. “ The case is perfectly obvious,” insisted Tripp. “ Ferintosh vanishes from the house at night. Nobody sees him at the railroad stations or on the streets. Hence, he must have been kidnaped by some one, taken away in a closed car, and driven across country. Either that, or he is hid- den in Carisford. I am working on that theory now. What I’ve discovered is, of course, my own secret.” “ Naturally.” There was tacit defiance in Glory’s-tone. She added a careless question as, having bade the little man good night, she turned away from the gate. “ Did you test that slip of paper for fin- ger-prints?” “ I’m not telling,” said Tripp. “ I surmise,” returned Miss Adair, “ you found none. You see, the hand that placed that message on the porch was gloved." “ How do you know?” Tripp checked himself. “ Seeing you know so much,” he added. “ Because,” she said, “ if you had found any telltale finger-prints on that paper, you’d have wished to consult my hand- print collection for purposes of compari- son. That’s how I know the hand was gloved. You’re not so clever as I imag- ined, Mr. Tripp.” Tripp was too peeved to speak. “ Gloves in mid-July,” pursued Miss Adair, “ indicate one of two circumstances. Either this individual who left the message tacked to the post is a criminal shrewd enough to guard against detection by means of his finger-prints, or—he is a man accus- tomed to wear gloves on nearly all occa- sions. Hence, not a poor foreigner, trudg- ing the streets of Carisford, but a gentle- man used to riding in his own car.” “ I see what you’re driving at,” pursued Tripp. He was palpably excited, despite his efforts to retain composure. “ The man was Ferintosh himself. He is keeping un- der cover, and is hard up, and—this is his only way to raise money. Pretty far- fetched, though!” he snorted, on guard against her insidious wiles. “ I shouldn’t talk to you, anyway,” he added abruptly. “ You’re too clever. First thing I know, I’ll be telling you everything I’ve discovered.” “ You might as well,” she retorted pla- cidly. “ It ’11 take you just a minute. Oh, since you insist, Mr. Tripp, good night, and pleasant dreams!”THE TEMPTING TANGLE. 99 He was, she mused, very human, and seemingly a little huffed at her line of talk. That Ferintosh was the man who posted the message really had never occurred to her till Tripp made the suggestion. She had merely baited him, and he had nib- bled, as she intended. But, if Ferintosh was using this curious ruse to secure funds he needed, was Robinson in league with him? She studied Robinson, mentally, as she lay awake in her room. The man was pal- pably devoted to Ferintosh. His hand be- spoke intense loyalty to any one he loved -—a loyalty calculated to drive him to ex- tremes. Yes, a loyalty that might even impel him to reluctant crime. For by na- ture the man was upright and honest; that much his hand had told her. The thing had a touch -of plausibility, after all. Ferintosh might have found it necessary to keep himself perdu; he might have approached Robinson in secret for money. Robinson might have found it dif- ficult to raise funds in any large amount himself. But the blackmailing message made it easy enough. If that theory was correct, then, as Tripp had surmised, Ferintosh was still in Caris- ford; perhaps—she shivered—hidden in Ferintosh House itself. At that she rose and turned on her light. Somehow there was something grisly in the suggestion, that shook even her nerves. The comfortable glow reassured her, however. If Ferintosh was here, and hidden, she meant to disoover the fact as soon as it wakdaylight. Moreover, die meant totlis- cover it without any help from Tripp. But—her thoughts took another sharp turn—how did this supposition dovetail into the main crime—the murder of Creigh- ton? The disappearance of Ferintosh and the subsequent murder of Creighton were on the surface apparently related events. Whoever was responsible for the disappear- ance of Ferintosh was—so Tripp had ar- gued—responsible also for the murder. That had been Tripp’s supposition all along. But if Ferintosh had vanished of his own volition, and, under cover of the dark, was free to come and go—what, then, became of the murder mystery? Had Creighton, as the coroner had so blindly adjudicated, really killed himself? That was the only remaining' solution. For every other individual in Ferintosh House had either a clear-cut alibi, or a pal- pable lack of motive; and Ferintosh—so Glory Adair still insisted, from her reading of his hand, was assuredly no killer. Early next morning the nurse exhaustive- ly questioned Robinson. But Robinson, under the closest questioning, had nothing to add to his story of the night before. She felt inclined to believe him. His hand told her his instincts were honest. He would do wrong very reluctantly, and then only under the stress of a passionate devotion to some one dear to him. “ Miss Adair,” he burst forth at last, in- terrupting her questioning, “ can’t we do something—anything—to find Mr. Ferin- tosh?” She shot back a direct challenge. “ You know where he is?” Robinson shook his head tragically. “ I do not know that, miss.” She searched his shrewd old eyes. He told the truth—of that she was new con- vinced. He knew no more than did Tripp or she herself as to where Malcolm Ferin- tosh might be. With that, so far as she was concerned, Tripp’s chance theory that Ferintosh might be implicated in this latest demand for money went glimmering. Nevertheless, in company with Ruth Fer- intosh, she searched Ferintosh House from cellaf to attic, poking into dosets and dis- used, musty rooms. The search proved fruitless. Ruth Ferintosh was mystified; but Glory Adair was satisfied. “ What did you expect to find?” the girl asked, her eyes wide. “ I did not expect to find anything,” re- turned the nurse categorically. “ And that is precisely what I found.” Two days later, however, the unexpected happened with its customary suddenness. She had quite forgotten her “ personal ” ad- vertisements in the Detroit and Toronto papers, inserted just after her return from Bothwell. On the morning mail she received two100 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. letters, forwarded from the Toronto paper. Two letters! She smiled dryly as she re- called what a flood of correspondence and what a deluge of false clues had come to Tripp in reply to his flaring advertisements for Malcolm Ferintosh. One of the letters was quite bulky. She opened it and smiled. It was a character- istic rambling, discursive communication from J. J. Ellicott, of Bothwell, detailing to the unknown advertiser pretty much what he had told Glory Adair herself re- garding the unlucky Tom Fagg. Evidently, she mused, her inquiries had contributed to refresh the old oil man’s recollections on this particular topic. The other letter was hopelessly thin and flat, and bore a Toronto postmark. It was dated three days before, having, of course, been sent in care of the newspaper office. It read: I can perhaps give you some information regarding Tom Fagg. I am going to London on the 23rd of July, and will be there a few days; you might write me there care of the-Hotel. That was all, except the signature, in a firm, well-rounded chirography: Peter Cassius. Glory Adair laid the letter on her dresser. This was the 24th of July. Peter Cas- silis was now at London—and Tripp did not know. She found aii old newspaper, and con- sulted its railroad schedule. The east- bound morning train on the one route was leaving in a couple of minutes. On the other route a train left in twenty min- utes. She went to the telephone down-stairs, and called a taxicab. Then she ran up-stairs to get ready for her hurried trip. She had urged the taxi- „ driver to call for her early. She was a cau- tious young lady in some respects; she liked a five or ten minute margin when it came to catching a train. So she brushed up, put on a newly laun- dered waist and her best skirt, and spent an extra minute or two on her hair. She admired the effect, then donned her hat. Just then the taxi-driver honked for her at the gate. She ran to the open 'window' and waved her hand in recognition. Then she ran down-stairs once more, out the front door, and down the porch steps. As she did so, the unexpected happened again, for the second time in half an hour. The closed taxi, without waiting for her. went speeding down the avenue toward the distant station. Glory Adair wasted just half a second staring after it; then ran again to the tele- phone. CHAPTER XVIII. RUTH INTERVENES. RUTH FERINTOSH, in her room, was dressing for the street when the postman came. She heard Glory Adair hurry up to her room with the let- ters, and in a few moments heard her hurry down again to the telephone. That is, she heard Glory Adair hurrying without know- ing the reason for her haste; but she sur- mised it was important, for the nurse was not a hurried sort of person. She opened her door. Then she crossed the hall, and, being a wicked ilittle thing in •her innocent way, she opened Glory’s door. There was the letter Glory had just received lying upon Glory’s dresser. In her tacit revolt against the things that were, there was just one course for Ruth Ferintosh to take. She read the letter. Peter Cassilis! At that she opened her eyes, and her mind worked rapidly. Peter Cassilis, now at London—Glory Adair leaving, presumably on the next, train, to meet Peter Cassilis and to discuss this Tom Fagg. Ruth Ferintosh pocketed the letter. Such a thing was incomprehensible in a girl of her strict upbringing; but it was just the thing she did, on the sheer impulse of the moment. Next minute she was in her room; and a couple of minutes later Glory Adair was in her room, with the door closed. Noting which, down-stairs went Ruth, very quiet- ly, and all dressed for the street.THE TEMPTING TANGLE.	101 Her first impulse was to appeal to some one else for help and guidance. Then she realized that her mother would reprove her, that she could not appeal to Glory Adair, and that she did not want to summon Tripp —and Captain Grant was, apparently, not within call. She used the telephone then. There was a train eastbound leaving at once. Per- haps it had left. Glory Adair was evident- ly calculating to take the train on the other line, some twenty minutes later, and—here came a taxicab, honking at the curb. She telephoned. The earlier of the two trains was ten minutes late. She could make it. She ran briskly down the winding walk, and got into the taxicab, calling her directions to the chauffeur. “ But,” protested the chauffeur, “ I was to meet the other train.” “ Hurry, I tell you.” Thus imperious Ruth made a quick getaway, unconscious of Glory Adair’s amazement. She had time, in the two hours’ train ride, for a good deal of thought upon the foolish venture she had undertaken. “ Why did I do it?” she asked herself. And an- swered in a moment: “ Because you are you, Ruth Ferintosh. Because you have al- ways done whatever you wanted to do, and bought whatever your fancy demanded, On the impulse of the moment. Because you take life for granted—that is why. And that,” she told herself, “ is why you have not worried over your father’s absence. You take him, too, for granted. He has always come back. He always will.” Her thoughts reproached her, thus. She saw a field of three-pole derricks as the train whirled toward Bothwell. They were gone before she knew them for der- ricks at all. Glory Adair had asked her questions about Bothwell, and had told her something of her father in the Bothwell days, and of this man Tom Fagg, and of gipsies. As she stared across the country she could see in ghostly memory the gipsy van coming up that road of twenty-five years ago. Back there somewhere among the trees the boy Peter Cassill—or Cassilis —had found the charred and blood-stained relics of luckless Tom Fagg. The hotel mentioned in the letter from Cassilis stood within a stone’s throw, al- most, of the London railroad terminal. Here, Ruth felt more at home. She was accustomed to travel; and knew how to impress an obsequious hotel clerk with a fine air of ladylike hauteur. Yet she had a touch of misgiving when she heard the boy in buttons paging “ Mr. Cassilis!* Mr. Cassilis!” in his droning voice; and she shivered when a tall man rose from a settee at the farther end of the big lounging room and beckoned the young- ster. He had seemed tall, rather, at first glance; but, confronting her, he was just of middle height. Straight as an arrow, though. He smiled and held out his hand. She took it mechanically. She was fairly frightened now, but hid the feet very well. The man, she reflected, had nice, brown eyes. He was sun-tanned and brown and —yes, very straight. Afterward she could recall no word she said; but she found and handed him his letter—the letter she had taken from Miss. Adair’s dresser. He looked at her again. “ Oh, yes,” he said. “ I got your tele- gram. You are Miss Adair, of course?” She grew red and white by turns. Here, indeed, was a pretty pickle. CHAPTER XIX. PALMS DOWN. IT was a moment or more before Ruth’s nerves steadied themselves. Glory Adair would not be here for hours now, having missed her train. By that time Ruth Fer- intosh would be on her way back to Caris- ford. She could rely on Glory’s nimble brain to save the situation, when it came to a show-down. Still, she made no answer to the man’s last question. Luckily, he overlooked the omission. “ Perhaps,” he suggested, “ we could talk better at lunch. You will of course do me the honor to—” She accepted his invitation. Her color came and went very prettily. A few min- utes later she was seated apposite him at102 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. a little table in a sequestered comer of the grill-room. She was mortally curious to learn what this man had to tell of Tom Fagg; but she was also too well-bred to press the question at once. So the talk at first ran to non-essentials—the grill-room, London, the waiters, the weather. That gave Ruth a chance to collect her thoughts, and to try to analyze her companion, as she knew Glory Adair would have done. He looked younger than he was. “ I’m thirty-three,” he said abruptly. “ Mining engineer, but have not been work- ing at it. Had a more important rush job in France the last few' years.” “ Oh!” she breathed. So this man, too, was a soldier—and she wondered what Captain Grant would say if he could see her here. “ I was out West,” pursued Cassilis. He was engagingly frank. “ Making good money, too—and then along came the war. Well, of course, there wasn’t anything to it.” She smiled approvingly. She wished he wTasn’t in civies; then she would have known whether he was captain or lieuten- ant. As it was, she had to ask him, point- blank, what rank he held. “ Private,” said Cassilis. “ Oh," he added, “ they made me a sergeant at last, but I signed up as a private.” She was disappointed. “ But you should not have done that,” she exclaimed. “ A professional man with a good income and a—a standing ih the world—to enlist as a mere private!” Cassilis gazed at her very hard. “ Lots of better men did it,” he said dryly. She flushed at the tacit reproof and fixed her gaze on the consomme. There was an embarrassed silence. She looked up at last. He was smiling at her. His smile brought back her equanimity. “ Did you meet Captain Grant over there?” she asked. He laid down his spoon to look at her the better. “ Captain Ken Grant?” She nodded. “ Yes.” “ He’s visiting us now,” she explained. “ At Carisford. My mother—I mean—” She checked herself. She had almost be- trayed her real identity. She reminded herself, just in time, that this man knew her as Glory Adair. Again there fell an embarrassed silfence. She felt rather than saw that Cassilis re- garded her with a sort of fixed stare. “ Ken Grant! ” he repeated. “ Captain Kenric Chisholm Grant, of the Eighteenth,” said Ruth proudly. Cassilis seemed to relax. “ Well,” he said carelessly, “ that’s not a name to forget in a moment. It’s easier to remember than Tom Fagg, for instance.” He smiled. Of his own accord he had brought the conversation to the topic which he evidently felt must be uppermost in his visitor’s mind. “ Tom Fagg,” she repeated. And then she fell silent, very white and mutely embarrassed. For a dozen paces away, and approaching her with her steady, relentless nurse’s tread, was Glory Adair herself. Cassilis apparently failed to note his companion’s embarrassment. He gave the newcomer a casual glance. Then he regard- ed her a second time. He turned to Ruth. “ Do you know her?” he inquired in a swift aside. “ Do you?” countered Ruth desperately. The man’s fine forehead wrinkled. “ I can’t place her,” he said in a low tone. “ But I’ll swear I’ve seen her before. There’s something vaguely familiar—” The waiter came just then with the sec- ond course. Glory Adair, halting close to the table, turned and seemed to see Ruth Ferintosh for the first time. She smiled. “ Miss Adair!” exclaimed the nurse. ‘‘Miss Ferintosh!” exclaimed Ruth, catching her clue. Then she glanced at Cassilis, who had risen. “ You will join us, Miss Ferintosh,” he urged. Ruth flushed again with embarrassment, as the fictitious Miss Ferintosh sat down, with a courteous, composed bow of ac- knowledgment and a word of thanks to Cassilis.THE TEMPTING TANGLE. 103 But, perforce, she had to complete the introduction. Cassilis nodded to the waiter. “ We were just discussing Tom Fagg,” said Ruth, by way of explanation. “ Did Mr. Cassilis remember him at all?” Glory Adair was all interest in a moment. “ You see, Mr. Cassilis,” explained Ruth, “ we are both interested in this Mr. Fagg, my friend and I.” Somehow she could not bring herself to say “ Miss Ferintosh.” But Cassilis himself was plainly embar- rassed. “ I’m sorry to have brought you this far for almost nothing,” he said. “ When I read that advertisement, by the merest chance, I felt I’d never met the man. Yet there was something vaguely reminiscent in the name. For a while, though, I was hard put to place him. Did you know him?” he challenged, his eyes on Ruth. Ruth shook her head. “ I never met the man,” said Glery Adair truthfully. “ For a while,” went on Cassilis, “ I could not remember where he came in. Yet I couldn’t get rid of the idea that I’d seen the name somewhere. I could see myself as a boy, standing in the road, reading it in big letters on some sort of siign-board — then I placed it, right enough.” Miss Adair nodded encouragingly. She was taking the. lead; for which Ruth was eminently grateful. “ Twenty-five years ago,” said Cassilis. “ In this part of Canada—on a big, cov- ered wagon.” “ A gipsy van?” flashed Miss Adair. Cassilis’s dark face flushed. He gaxed at Ruth Ferintosh—the real Ruth Ferin- tosh. “ As a matter of fact,” he said bravely, " / was doing the gipsying. I was a very small boy then, and my father and mother went about the country with a caravan. They were what you’d call gipsies, I sup- pose — English gipsies, originally from Holmibury, I believe. We did some petty trading, and told fortunes, and, as there was a lot of oil-well drilling in the Petrolia country just then, my mother posed as a clairvoyant and located wells. Oh, I am not apologizing,” he added stiffly. “ At least, Miss Adair ”—and he fixed his eyes on embarrassed Ruth—“ I’m trying to be honest about these things when really I don’t have to be.” Ruth Ferintosh cut in swiftly, before Glory Adair could speak. “ I see nothing -wrong in any of that,” she flashed impetuously. “ And if it were wrong, would the fault be yours?” The man’s dark eyes thanked her for her impetuous defense. Glory Adair frowned. “ So,” pursued Cassilis, “ we drifted down to a little place called Bothwell, when oil was struck there. It was when we were camped close to a road through the bush, southwest of Bothwell, I think, that I saw Tom Fagg and his wagon go by. The name was painted On the wooden sides in big let- ters—like this.” He drew an envelope from his pocket, and with a pencil—after a moment’s hesita- tion—traced the letters: TOM FAGG PHOTOGrAPHER “ I remember,” he interpolated, “ that the one “ r ” did not seem just what it should be. I was a youngster, but my mother had taught me a great deal. She was a well-educated woman.” He was on the defensive again; somehow, with these women opposite him at table, he seemed instinctively called upon to defend these facts he refused to hide. Ruth Ferintosh saw that Glory Adair was puzzled. “ That ‘ r,’ you see,” added Cassilis with a smile, “ was what a printer would call ‘ wrong font.’ Well, I don’t know who made the first move or gave the first hail; but the next thing I remember, the photograph car was halted at the roadside, the horse nibbling the rank grass, and . Tom Fagg ly- ing on his back close to our caravan, smok- ing, and talking to my father and mother. “ We had our wagon in the woods, but close to the road, and it seems to me he leaned against a tree—but perhaps that was later. Anyway, he dropped his pipe by and by, and gave my mother some mon- ey, and held out his hands, and she told ihis fortune. My father had handed down104 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. a little bench from the wagon, and she sat on it, and Fagg sat with his back against the big tree. My father had gome about his work, splitting wood for the fire; but I stood by, trying to make out what it all meant.” He paused. “ This Fagg was a young man,” added Cassilis. “ He laughed often during the fortune-telling, and said he believed none of it. It was nonsense—so he told my mother repeatedly; but she just went on in that singsong monotone she used. I re- member she told him—” Cassilis paused again; he glanced up shamefacedly at last. “ I must have spoken before I thought,” he said awkwardly. “ I really don’t re- member. It’s a great many years ago. I must have been seven or eight years old.” He paused, for the waiter had come with the dessert. He was silent for some mo- ments, while the meal went on. “ I can see them, though ”—he half closed his eyes—“ just as if it were yester- day—my mother with her red shawl over her head and that intent look of hers, and Tom Fagg laughing at her and stroking his beard. It seems, too, that my father had finished chopping the wood and came and stood in the background, frowning, and tugging at a sort of red scarf he wore around hi? neck. But as to what my moth- er told Fagg—” He paused a long moment. “ Yes, I do ‘remember in a hazy way. She told him there were strange things coming to him. He must beware of wTa- ter. She said something of a door open- ing—I could not understand that. Fagg laughed and made some objection; and then she said—I remember this very clearly from what happened afterward—” Cassilis paused again. “ At the next town where you stop you will sell your horse and your car.” Glory Adair felt a queer sinking of the heart, somehow'. She had rather come to like Cassilis. “ I remember that,” said Cassilis, “ be- cause I had been looking at Fagg’s horse. It was a fine animal. I always loved a horse, and Fagg seemed to love his. ‘ I wouldn’t sell old Ben,’ he told my mother. ‘ But you will,’ she said as positively as though she knew. ‘ Then you will travel this road on foot, in the dark—’ ” Ruth Ferintosh, knowing vaguely the story of Tom Fagg as Glory Adair had al- ready narrated it to her, trembled, and re- garded Cassilis with wide, tragic eyes. Cas- silis, though, never seemed to suspect the real significance of what he said. “ Just a minute,” interpolated Glory Adair crisply. She was, Ruth knew, less concerned with Tom Fagg than with Mal- colm Ferintosh; in the back of her mind was always the waiting question: “ What connection had Mme. Rose Cassilis with the location of the Ferintosh gusher?” To- ward that question, Ruth suspected, the nurse was deliberately edging her way through all this confused maze of narrative regarding inconsequential Tom Fagg. And that the narrative disclosed the real truth of the Fagg murder was merely an inci- dent, as Glory saw it. At her words Cassilis paused, expectant “ When Fagg paid your mother, how did he do it?” Cassilis answered without hesitation: “ He pulled out a wallet. It was stuffed with bills. I had never seen so much money.” The inference wras cruelly plain, even to Ruth. Here was the seductive display of ready money before the -avid eyes of the gipsies—and the woman’s shrewd sugges- tion that Fagg sell his car was merely skil- ful plotting to increase the rewards of her anticipated crime. Then, at last, Fagg had returned to his car and driven on to Bothwell. There was nothing more that Cassilis remembered of him. “ Except,” he said, “ one day afterward I thought I saw him in the bush. After- ward, I heard a gun go off. I was fright- ened, but I did not see Fagg again. But a good many days afterward I stumbled on some old clothes under a brush pile in the woods. “ I pulled them out. They had been partly burned and had dark spots on them. The man, Fagg, had worn clothes just like that when my mother told his fortune.THE TEMPTING TANGLE. 105 “ I told my mother about the dothes. ‘ Don’t say anything,’ she warned me. ‘Talk just makes trouble.’ She told my father, and it seems to me that he went to look at our horses. I must have spoken about it, though, to some of the bigger boys with the caravan, for next day when we were about to leave the police came and took us all to Bothwell. “ I could not understand what it was all about, except that Tom Fagg was missing, and my father and mother were very much troubled. By and by they let us go; and we went away from Bothwell.” He took up his coffee, and put it down again, untasted. “ I had forgotten, long ago,” he said. “ But that’s all I know of Tom Fagg.” “ They wrongfully suspected your par- ents of having made away with the man?” Glory suggested. Cassilis stared hard at the tabledoth. “ Of course, that would be it,” he said. “ But I couldn’t understand then. You know,” he added with a touch of bitterness, “ whatever happens, the gipsy is always guilty.” Glory Adair, with well-feigned careless- ness, took up the questioning. “ I suppose your mother told a good many fortunes at Bothwell?” she sug- gested. Cassilis flushed slightly under his tan; this theme was plainly unpleasant to him. “ I do not remember,” he said a bit shortly. “ She located some wells—” “ I suppose so.” ■	“ Including one for Malcolm Ferin- tosh?” “ I do not remember that.” Glory’s eyes seemed to search his face. She shook her head slightly. “ Ferintosh,” she said, “ was an English- man—or rather, I think, a Lowland Scotch- man. He was supposed to represent an En- glish syndicate. Later he was partner with an oil man named Creighton.” But this and other efforts to stimulate the man’s memory failed. “ A tall man,” she said, “ with a mus- tache, perhaps. Very straight. Dressed like an Englishman.” Cassilis started. “ In grays—a Norfolk suit?” he de- manded quickly. Here he had Glory Adair at a disad- vantage. How could she know what Fer- intosh had worn when he came to Both- well? “ I remember a man like that,” pursued Cassilis. “ I saw him one day hunting in the woods.” “ Did he come to your camp, or consult with your mother?” “ No.” Cassilis shook his head. “ At least, I never saw him there.” Then, with a smile: “ We’re through? No—this is my check, you remember.” He spoke largely to the waiter, like a man of substance. Glory Adair regarded him again questioningly. They rose and passed into the lounging- room. “ Perhaps,” suggested the nurse, “ your mother could—”	* “ My mother is dead,” said Cassilis qui- etly. “ And my father. They both died when I was still a boy. Ever since, I have been on my own—” Their lingering talk drifted into the in- consequential. Ruth Ferintosh knew7 that Glory Adair had failed in her quest—and she, with her own impulsive interposition, had tangled things irrevocably. The thought of Glory’s failure was en- gulfed in her own sense of shame at her deceit. “ Where could 1 write you, Mr. Cas- silis?” inquired the nurse. Cassilis shrugged his shoulders. “ My address is the good old gipsy address,” he said a trifle bitterly. “ The wide, wide world. I may be here for a day or two. Then, thanks to you ”—he smiled at Ruth Ferintosh—“ I am going to run down to Bothwell for a day, and see my old stamp- ing grounds.” Glory Adair glanced at her wrist-watch. “ We can catch that train to Carisford if we hurry,” she suggested. Smiling, she said good-by to Cassilis. The young man waited till die had passed through the door. “ I can walk down with you to the platform?” he told Ruth; and they followed, out of ear-shot.106 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. She was embarrassed. He was calling her Miss Adair. She flushed and broke out im- petuously: “ I wish you wouldn’t call me Miss Adair. I’m not Miss Adair. I’m Ruth Ferintosh. I—” He halted, gazing hard at her. “ And that young lady,” he said at last, “ was Miss Adair?” Ruth nodded miserably. “ She carried off the situation very nice- ly,” remarked Cassilis. “ I rather admire her aplomb. I suppose that is your train?” he added. He took her hands. She smiled at him. “ Good-by,” she said. She saw Glory Adair beckoning her, urg- ing haste; and she ran at last. “ You nearly missed the train,” said the nurse.	, Ruth sighed deeply. She had made her confession; she had relieved hear conscience of its horrid burden of deception—and had been honest to the last tragic limits with this man, who might be the son of a mur- derer. “ Glory,” she said, “ I know I was hor- rid.” “ You were,” agreed Glory relentlessly. “ I don’t know what I can do to make things right.” The poor girl was all con- trition. “ I know,” said Nurse Adair practically. “ You can keep all this from Tripp.” Ruth sat silent, in fancy still seeing the dark eyes of Peter Cassilis searching her. “ Glory.” “ Yes.” “ Glory—what did his hands tell you?” “ Plague take the man!” ejaculated Glo- ry Adair. “ He never let me see his hands. I never saw a man like him, but—from first to last, he kept his palms hid.” CHAPTER XX. RUTH KEEPS SILENCE—QUITE. WHEN Glory Adair saw her taxicab disappear down the avenue she at once thought of Tripp. Tripp was plainly responsible for this unexpected mis- adventure. Tripp had seen her letter, pur- loined it—for she could find it nowhere— and had acted on the spur of the moment, with his usual brisk decision. Her ten minutes’ margin of safety, how- ever, gave her ample time to call a second taxicab and catch her train. Thus, instead of reaching London five hours behind Ruth Ferintosh, as Ruth had calculated, Glory Adair reached the hotel barely ten minutes after the doOrs of the grill-room admitted Peter Cassilis and Ruth. What the hotel clerk told her of Mr. Cassilis taking a Miss Adair in to dinner puzzled Glory a little; even then she did not think of Ruth. For she had really not credited the impetuous girl with so much bold initiative. Finding Ruth at table with Cassilis, however, she at once caught Ruth’s cue and played the game. She was perfectly willing to be Miss Ferintosh for the nonce, and Ruth could remain Miss Adair—all the nurse cared about was information, and it did not matter under what name she se- cured it. She was relieved, in fact, to find that the wrench thrown into the machinery was merely Ruth, and not Tripp. “ I told him,” whispered Ruth, as the westbound train pulled out for Carisford. That, too, was like Ruth. She was hon- est at heart, and oould not thrive on de- ceit. She had to make a clean breast of things, even to Cassilis. Now, for the first time, Glory Adair was a little troubled by Ruth’s cognizance of these things. Ruth had promised to keep silent regarding Cassilis, but Ruth was im- petuous. So, Ruth might at any moment blurt out everything. “ Now,” said Glory Adair grimly, “ I want to warn you again, Miss Ferintosh. You go home. You meet Captain Grant. Then you tell him, first thing, that you met a soldier named Cassilis at London.” Ruth’s telltale glance confirmed the nurse’s worst expectations. “ That is just what is in your mind right now!” exclaimed Glory. “Stop it! Stop before you start. You tell absolutely no one—not even Captain Grant—no, not even your mother—about this.” “ But,” argued the girl rebelliously, “ surely Captain Grant—”THE TEMPTING TANGLE. 107 Glory Adair’s brow puckered. Yes, Ruth’s intrusion would constitute a per- sistent menace—she must stamp on that menace right now. “ You see,” she urged gently, “ Captain Grant is very much in love with you. He might put an entirely wrong construction on what has occurred. You go alone to a strange city, you meet a strange man at a strange hotel, you lunch with him—and without a chaperon—” Rutih flushed. “ But Mr. Cassilis is a gentleman.” “ I hope so. Still, he doesn’t seem' to get that from his parents. You heard what he told us? You listened, didn’t you?” Her tone grew almost harsh; Ruth must be impressed. “ Ninety-nine people out of a hundred, hearing what he told us, would say at once—those gipsies killed this man Tom Fagg. And he’s their son. You had better keep silence regarding this visit.” Ruth subsided, still protesting. “ It surely wasn’t his fault what they did!” was her final protest. But Glory Adair was immersed in study of the problem she had brought back from her talk with Cassilis. These old-time by-paths her inquiries had disclosed were tempting—insidiously so. But she must avoid them and keep strictly to the main road, which was the life-trail of Ferintosh and Creighton. What Cassilis had told her was of value only in- sofar as it concerned these two men; and after all, it concerned Ferintosh very little and Creighton not at all. Indeed, the one vital circumstance was the answer Cassilis had given to her last hopeless question. He had seen a man who might have been Ferintosh hunting in the woods at Bothwell. That, after all, meant little. Peter Cas- silis was then seven or eight years old. His memory might be at fault; he might not have seen the man at all; he might have seen him in some totally different place. And, at that, the man might not have been Ferintosh. The Norfolk suit—and even as to that Cassilis might be in error—was just a sug- gestion of the young Englishman freshly arrived in Canada. She had discovered nothing actually to connect Ferintosh with the gipsy queen. Ferintosh, apparently, had never visited the gipsy camp or consulted Mme. Rose Cassilis—'for if he had, the boy would prob- ably have been there, and the man’s visit would have left a deeper impress on his mind than the chance glimpse of him with his gun in the woods. There still remained the shot Casilis had heard, and his finding of the charred and Iblood-stained clothes under the brush pile. This, following the disappearance of Fagg and preceded by the reading of Fagg’s hand and the accidental glimpse of the woman (had caught of Fagg’s roH of bills—and her subsequent warning to the boy to say noth- ing of his discovery lest it make trouble— all pointed unmistakably to the gipsies as guilty of making away with Fagg. Yet Cassilis himself had sat at table with them less than an hour ago, sipped his cof- fee, and told the whole incriminating story with the utmost frankness. The one detail that seemed to embarrass him was the circumstance that his parents were gipsies. That they might be guilty of that bygone murder—that what he was telling would assuredly incriminate them in the eyes of an impartial hearer—seemed never to have entered his‘mind. They were dead, of course, and beyond reach of the law; but even at that his at- titude was incomprehensible unless he had so sublime a faith in their innocence that he had never been troubled even by the logical and inevitable suspicion that they were guilty. Otherwise, his story bespoke an amazing degree of callousness. Yet these things in no way touched Mal- colm Ferintosh. There remained merely a surmise. This was, that the gipsies had indeed murdered Fagg; but that Ferintosh had received the benefit in the shape of money to drill his gusher. That would afford the gipsies a foothold for subsequent blackmail. But that solution was entirely irrecon- ciiliable with the high character of Malcolm Ferintosh as she had read it in his hand. If, indeed, her reading of the man’s hand was wrong—if he had been actually a crimi- nal paying blackbail to cover up his crime108 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. —who, now, had levied the blackmail? She, like Tripp, had identified the three foreigners dogging the footsteps of Fer- intosh with the gipsies camped in the woods at Bothwell. But Peter Cassilis the elder was dead, and so was his wife Rose. Peter the boy was now a man of thirty-three. Whence came the foreigfi-looking man, the woman with the red handkerchief, and the little boy whom Robinson had repeatedly seen? Had Cassilis indeed told the whole truth? She wished she had been able to read his ‘hand. He had, howrever, kept his palms hid—the action seemed almost habitual. That species of concealment augered ill. Had Cassilis, after all, some 'connection with the mysterious messages that for months had been left at Ferintosh House?, For that matter, when had the man re- turned from overseas—and where was he when the last message came a few nights before? - “ Well,” she mused with decision, “ if I had asked him, I would likely have learned nothing. For if he were guilty, he would merely have told me lies—and I had no means of checking up his movements.” Ruth Ferintosh fretted at the silence im- posed upon her. Glory Adair had gaged the girl’s impulses unerringly. She wanted to talk to Captain Grant about Peter Cas- silis—she wanted to tell somebody—'any- body—about him. Restrained by the injunction to observe strict silence, she went to her room and sulked. She told her mother she had vis- ited the London shops to look at hats. Then she was secretly angry at Glory Adair for making her tell lies when the truth would have been so much pleasanter. Then a new phase of the affair began to worry her. She had confessed to Cassilis her deception, but she had not told him she was sorry. Glory was to blame for that; Glory had hurried her unduly. Cassilis was a gentleman—she could tell that. What must he think of a girl who brazenly con- fessed her misdeeds, but showed no contri- tion? That idea haunted her all evening. She nibbled at her dinner in constrained si- lence. She went to her room early. Cas- silis, she remembered as she went up-stairs, would leave London in a day or two. Impulsive as always, she sat down and scribbled a hasty note to him. She had left in a hurry; she had intended to say how sorry she was for her deception and had forgotten to do so; she had omitted to thank him for his very great kindness; she did both now from the bottom of her heart. She paused to underscore the emphatic words. Then she signed herself, “ Sincerely yours, Ruth Ferintosh,” and addressed an envelope. There—she had not violated Glory’s injunctions in the least! Just then a few chance words Cassilis had uttered came back to her mind. She scribbled: P. S.—Did you say you were coming to Bothwell? When you are so near, why not come right through to Carisford and meet Captain Grant? She sealed the envelope, and searched her writing-table for a stamp. She found none. At that the vexed child began biting her lips, for she wanted to get this thing done and over with, so that her conscience w7ould be clear. She rose at last, crossed the hall, and tapped on Glory’s door. “ Yes, dear?” “ Have you a postage-stamp?” Glory, immersed in a new study of her collection of hand-prints, mechanically pro- duced the stamp and returned to her mi- croscope. Ruth thanked her. The next minute she was scurrying down the stairs to mail her letter at the corner box. That done, she at once repented. Her conscience recommenced troubling her on a new score. But the letter was gone now, beyond re- call. Glory Adair’s careful study of the hand- print of Malcolm Ferintosh confirmed in every detail her first reading of his char- acter. She tried not to be opinionated, as Tripp was; she tried to view her subject from a new angle; she turned over and over in her mind everything she had learned of him from Dr. Wright, from Creighton, fromTHE TEMPTING TANGLE. 109 Mrs.. Ferintosh, from Ruth, from a cloud of witnesses—Her conclusion throughout re- mained the same. This man was no killer, no thief, and not the man to build his fortune on a corner-stone of blood-money. Next morning the nurse was struck by something unusual in the atmosphere of Ferintosh House. She had a vague feeling that something vital was missing; the feel- ing puzzled her. Then she remembered that it was a cou- ple of days, if not more, since she had seen Tripp. So she made inquiries of Mrs. Ferintosh. Tripp, it seemed, had left for the west again, pursuing some new clue. Mrs. Ferintosh viewed ithe situation with her inevitable serenity. She had no doubt that this time Mr. Tripp would make im- portant discoveries. Glory Adair talked a long time with Mrs. Ferintosh. She had a vague idea that if she talked long enough and innocently enough, Mrs. Ferintosh must inevitably let drop at least a few words regarding Tripp’s latest discoveries. But it would seem that Tripp had not taken her into his confi- dence. Mrs. Ferintosh eventually remembered a letter that had come for her half an hour before. Glory Adair had almost forgotten that she had advertised in a ,Detroit paper as well as the one at Toronto. She had long since given up hope of any replies. But this letter came from Detroit. It concerned Fagg, of course; but die ex- pected nothing new. This would be merely the same old story she had got from Elli- cott, and later from Cassilis. There were doubtless many people in Detroit who vaguely remembered the itinerant photog- rapher from the Bothwell days. So she opened the envelope quite without hope, and found a surprising message. Tom Fagg himself was in Detroit. Or, at least, a man named Fagg was, it ap- peared, staying at a rooming-house on Jef- ferson Avenue. P. R. Kennedy, evidently a fellow roomer, described Fagg as a quiet, reticent man with a gray beard, who seemed to work at some distance from the house, since he was away all day long. Evidently a mechanic, though he made no confi- dences. Here was a new turn of events. Tom Fagg, supposed to have been murdered at Bothwell twenty-five years ago, still alive, only a couple of hours’ distance away from Carisford, and pursuing a quiet, inconspic- uous way. Glory Adair refused to believe that this was the same man. After what Ellicott, the Bothwell paper, the county authorities, and finally Peter Cassilis himself had told her, the thing was incredible. Nevertheless, she took the next train for Detroit. She had no difficulty in finding the Jef- ferson Avenue rooming-house. There, how- ever, her quest abruptly ended. The man named Fagg had left the place two days before. The disappointed nurse questioned the landlady. More than that, she remained till nightfall and interviewed Kennedy, the man who had written her regarding Fagg. Kennedy was a shifty-eyed young fellow, and Glory was at first disposed to suspect that he had been angling for a possible re- ward. But further questioning of the land- lady, her husband, and some of the other roomers indicated that Kennedy was actual- ly telling the truth; that a man named Fagg had actually been a roomer there. “ Tom Fagg?” she asked again. As to that there was no certainty. This man received no mail; he came and went quietly, and minded his own business; he was away for days at a time, and when there kept to his room and spoke to no one. Glory Adair asked to see the room. She had fancied she might discern some of the telltale stains that betokened the. photog- rapher. But the room offered no clue to its former occupant’s identity. Fagg, thus unexpectedly found, had as unexpectedly lost himself. She paid the shifty-eyed young man out of her own purse a reward large enough to encourage him to keep his eyes open and to write her promptly in case Fagg reap- peared. But her next morning’s inquiries of the policeman on that particular beat110 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. and of photographers who might have known of such a workman in their line proved fruitless. So eventually she went back to Caris- ford. » It was late afternoon when she arrived at Ferintosh House. Ruth met her, brimful of excitement. “He’s here!” she announced. “He? Who?” “ Mr. Cassilis.” Glory Adair stared at the girl. “ How did he find his way?” she demand- ed sharply. “ I never told him.” “ Nor I.” Ruth looked away from her a dubious moment. But then her conscience vindi- cated itself. “ I invited him,” she said. “ Oh, you needn’t frown, Miss Adair. He’s a gentle- man—I just know he is—and he’s here, anyway, so it can’t be helped. Mother in- sisted that‘ he stay for dinner and meet Captain Grant.” Glory Adair fervently hoped that Cassi- lis wauld go before Tripp came back. The next minute, though, she recognized, with a sinking heart, that the damage had been done. CHAPTER XXI. ANTAGONISM. ) AT dinner Ruth sat next to Cassilis. Captain Grant had come later than usual, so that there was barely time for Mrs. Ferintosh to introduce the two men before dinner was served. Robinson waited at table, as was usual on state occa- sions. Captain Grant was in his customary good spirits. He chatted with Miss Adair, smiled across table at Ruth, and exchanged a few friendly words now and then with his former comrade in arms. Cassilis was oddly unresponsive. The man’s taciturnity left an unpleasant im- pression on the company. Only Mrs. Fer- intosh seemed not to notice or be oppressed by it. From time to time Cassilis glanced up from -his plate to fix a searching gaze on Grant. But of this searching gaze the cap- tain seeme^ quite oblivious. “ This is better 'than the Somme—eh, Cassilis?” he challenged. “ I’ll say it,” agreed the other in a tone strangely dead and unemotional—as though he were preoccupied with bitter thoughts. - He turned -to Ruth and whispered. She colored a little and nodded assent to his question. Glory Adair knew enough of lip- reading and human nature to surmise what was the query Cassilis had voiced and to which Ruth had responded with that flush and the accompanying nod. “ Your fiance?” Did the fact that Grant was Ruth’s fian- ce—as Mrs. Ferintosh had stated in intro- ducing the men—account for the evident embarrassment of Cassilis and his coldness toward Grant? Was it the difference in their rank—Grant a captain, Cassilis a non-com —'that oppressed the newcomer? Surely not, for to-night, in civies, they met on the same social plane. • Or was there, back of these things, some shadowing incident that dated back to the time when the men served together over- seas? These surmises occurred to Glory Adair, as she noted, more than once, that curious- ly intent stare with which Cassilis repeat- edly regarded Grant. The dinner, how- ever, was nearly over when she became sud- denly conscious that, beneath his gaiety, the captain entertained something of the same hostility toward the newcomer. In the sitting-room, afterward, Grant proffered his cigarette-case. “ You remember this, Cassilis?” he said with a smile. “ It went with me through the Somme.” “ No,” returned Cassilis shortly. “ Sorry to say, captain, I don’t remember it.” With which Cassilis opened his own cigar-case and selected a dgar. He glanced inquiringly at Mrs. Ferintosh. “ By all means, Mr. Cassilis,” approved that lady. She could not have missed the flash of tacit hostility; but she hid her recognition of it very well. Cassilis smoked in silence for some mo- ments. Glory studied his face; then her eyes dropped to his hands. Yes, he didTHE TEMPTING TANGLE. Ill habitually hold them with the palms con- cealed. What she had thought might be a mere precaution that day at London was unmistakably a fixed habit. The talk for many moments drifted along inconsequentially, Ruth innocently taking the lead. She, apparently, had noticed nothing out of the way in the attitude of the two men. She was elated at having brought them together and made no effort to conceal her satisfaction. Grant presently excused himself and joined Mrs. Ferintosh at the farther end of the long room. Cassilis was left with Ruth and Miss Adair. Ruth and Cassilis were in the very midst of am eager conversation. The man’s embarrassment seemed to have quite passed off. Glory Adair, quite outside this conversa- tion, except for a chance word or two, let her eyes stray toward Grant. Grant, she observed, was whispering earnestly to Mrs. Ferintosh. The latter looked up and fixed her eyes a moment on Cassilis. She seemed to dissent from something Grant had just said; what words she uttered came to Glory’s ear as a low, placating murmur. Grant insisted. Mrs. Ferintosh . rose. For the first time she spoke above a whisper. “ Very well,” she said in a tone so clear that all the room could not help but hear her, “ we will ask Mr. Cassilis himself.” Cassilis was on his feet already. It veri- tably seemed as though he had anticipated attack, and was in bristling readiness to meet it. As Mrs. Ferintosh came up he bowed to her deferentially, and stood silent, awaiting what she had to say: The lady turned to Captain Grant. Grant smiled suavely. “ I am afraid, sergeant,” he said, “ there has been a trifling misapprehension on my part. I understood from Miss Ferintosh that you claimed to be an old pal of mine, and that you were with me in the Somme fight?” Cassilis spoke, not to Grant, however, but to Mrs. Ferintosh: “ It is quite true that I told Miss Fer- intosh I was with Captain Grant at the Somme.” “ Then,” said Captain Grant significant- ly, “ that must have been after I was wounded, when I was delirious.” His meaning could not be mistaken. Cas- silis still spoke, however, to Mrs. Ferintosh, his tone low and even: “ It is true I talked to Captain Grant while he lay wounded, but he was quite himself. I am positive there was no de- lirium.” Grant kept his composure. He even smiled. His next words, though quietly spoken, came, however, like a thunder- clap: “ I am sorry, Mrs. Ferintosh, to create unpleasantness in the home where I am your guest. Still, I considered it a duty to speak to you and a privilege to do so privately—and I can only repeat before this gentleman what I told you just now. I never met him before, at the Somme or elsewhere, much less spoke to him. I do not say he is an impostor, but I do say that you are entitled to see his credentials.” An embarrassed silence followed. The sound of Robinson moving softly about in the butler’s pantry, the clink of dishes in the distant kitchen, the ticking of the grandfather’s clock in the vestibule, all struck loud into the tragic stillness. All eyes were toned on Cassilis. Ruth drew a step closer to him. “ I said Captain Grant," returned Cassi- lis hotly. “ You are not Captain Grant.” A moment Captain Grant regarded him with evident bewilderment. “ No?” he countered with an amused smile. “ Then, tell me, who am I?” His flash of amusement passed; he turned grim- ly to Mrs. Ferintosh. “ This is a very se- rious charge. I am sorry this unpleasant- ness had to arise after our very pleasant dinner. I am quite prepared to prove my identity, if this gentleman is prepared to prove his. I will match credential against credential. Will you examine this, Mrs. Ferintosh?” This was his discharge certificate. The woman turned it over and over in her hands. For once in her life she seemed at a loss. She handed the paper mechanically to Glory Adair.112 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. The nurse examined it and passed it on to Cassilis. The man read the document through and made a wry face. “ This seems quite in order,” he said. “ Seems.’’ He repeated the word with sneering emphasis. “ I have heard of such documents toeing forged, but,” he conceded reluctantly, “ this one appears genuine.” “Now,” said Grant, “ it is your turn, Mr. Cassilis.” “ My discharge certificate,” said Cassi- lis, “ is in my trunk, and my trank is out West. I suppose I should carry my certifi- cate?” “ Assuredly,” commented Grant dryly. “ On this trip to London I did not bring it; it was merely a flying visit—so I- planned—and I traveled light.” “ You can send for it.” “ I can get it.” “ It is a pity,” remarked Grant, “ that it is not here now. However, I, personally, accept your word as to the certificate. You will, of course, satisfy Mrs. Ferintosh as to your bona fides.” He paused. “ As to what I said before, of never having met you, seen you, or spoken to you, at the Somme fight or elsewhere, I can only repeat that.” Here impetuous Ruth interrupted. “I am sure mama is satisfied,” she ex- claimed. “ It’s a pity,” she went on, “ that you men couldn’t have got your fill of. fighting over there. Can’t you shake hands and at least declare an armistice? You’re both my friends,'you know.” Grant proffered his hand. “ Shall we cry quits?” he urged. Mrs. Ferintosh smiled encouragingly at Cassilis. Evidently she expected him to shake hands with Grant. But he stood, straight as an arrow, steady and unyield- ing- “ No,” he said quietly, “ we cannot cry quits. I knew Kenric Chisholm Grant for a year and more overseas.. We met often.” He turned to the nurse. “ Miss Adair,” he remarked, “ you knew that same Kenric Chisholm Grant. Look at this man closely. Is he the same?” Glory Adair regarded Grant fixedly. The young man met her gaze without flinching. “ Miss Adair,” said Grant quietly, “ had not seen me for over ten years. I. was a boy of sixteen the last time I saw her at Maitland Port. I suppose I have changed a great deal in ten years. Any one does, especially a growing boy.” “ A minute, if you please,” said Cassilis. “ Miss Adair, under the circumstances I could hardly expect you to recognize 'Cap- tain Grant. It is hardly a fair test,” he conceded. “ But—I think this is a fair question—when you met again, did his face seem familiar to you? Did it appeal to you as a face you had seen before?” “ That,” agreed Grant, “ is a fair ques- tion.” Glory Adair pondered. Her brown eyes warmed. “ Don’t you see, friends,” she urged,- “ how difficult the question is? You see, Ruth had told me Captain Grant was com- ing. I was expecting him.” Her mind was judicial. Through all the incidents and more or less hazy recollec- tions surrounding Captain Grant’s advent and their first meeting at Ferintosh House she tried painstakingly to grope her way to the exact truth. She was anxious to be just, alike to Grant and to his accuser. So she sat a long moment, looking at Grant, searching his face, and going back in her own mind to the day he came to Fer- intosh House, when she had her first glimpse of him after more than ten years. How had he impressed her at that first glimpse? She started up presently with a little cry. “Oh! I remember now. It was like this. I wouldn’t have known him for Ken Grant —that’s certain. But no matter where I’d met him, I’d have had the feeling that we’d met before. Knowing Captain Grant was in Carisford, I naturally knew him at once.” She remembered now, vividly, that first glimpse—her first hurried- musing. “ I’ve seem that face before, somewhere—yes, of course, it’s Ken*Grant.” Cassilis seemed very much discomfited. Evidently he had not expected this rebuff. “ Miss Adair,” repeated Grant steadily, “ had not seen me in more than ten years— just as I told you. You have her answer. I can tell something of the very last time 7 ATHE TEMPTING TANGLE. 113 I saw her, when, as a boy of fifteen or six- teen, I left Maitland Port. It was early morning, and I went with my parents in a hack to the station. “ August,” he went on dreamily, “ an Au- gust morning, toward seven o’clock. Glory came down to her gate as we drove past— she lived a few doors from us—and she waved her hand to me. I was crying at going away—I was a soft-hearted young- ster, I guess,” he added apologetically. “ Well, what I’ve gone through these last few years has knocked a lot of the nonsense out of me. I did not wave to her. I felt too miserable. There were trumpet vines all Over the porch, I remember—the porch ran down one side of your house, Glory, and the vines were all in bloom. “ Well,” he added, “ I remembered Glory Adair most vividly just as she was then, and she must have remembered me most vividly as the boy I was in those days. I changed more than she did, I suppose, in those ten years.” Glory Adair nodded. All these things he told them were true. She then turned to Cassilis. “ It is just as he says, and just as I said,” she told him again. “ I would not have known him had we met in a strange place, but even in a strange place his face would certainly have seemed familiar.” “ But his hand?” exclaimed Cassilis. “ The lines?” “ I knew nothing of palmistry then.” Mrs. Ferintosh intervened. “ Surely she urged in her steady tone, “ there is no need to argue any further?” Grant again proffered his hand. But Cas- silis stubbornly refused to take it. He mut- tered something under his breath. Grant flushed at the insistent insult. He stood a moment, glowering angrily at Cassilis; his even temper seemed to have at last succumbed to this persistent antago- nism. “ Very well,” he said. “ You see, Mrs. Ferintosh, our friend here refuses to be satisfied with proof that would meet the demands of any normal person. Yet I am willing to furnish every proof that you, or any one—even Mr. Cassilis—can require.” 8 A “ But I am sure I am satisfied,” said Mrs. Ferintosh. “ We are all satisfied.” This time Ruth Ferintosh did not echo her mother’s conciliatory words. Glory Adair flashed a glance at the girl, and was amazed. If looks told anything, Ruth was siding entirely with Cassilis and against her own fiance in this unseemly controversy. Perhaps, though, the girl’s attitude was merely another expression of her under- current of revolt against the rule of her stately, well-poised mother. “ We are all satisfied,” agreed Grant, “ exuept Mr. Cassilis. I mean to satisfy him. Miss Adair ”—he turned again to the nurse—“ knew me when we were little, ten years ago, and for some years before that. She will remember a great many things that happened then. “ I would suggest that she ask me what questions she likes regarding those times. You can catechise me as severely as you like, Glory.” He smiled. “ I can answer right, nine times out of ten—yes, ten times out of ten. If I make a single misstate- ment I am willing to leave this house in disgrace. Will that satisfy you, Mr. Cas- silis?” Cassilis did not answer. Mrs. Ferintosh frowned ever 90 slightly. The thing was unprecedented in her social experience. “ As a personal favor, Mrs. Ferintosh?” urged Grant. “ My honor as a soldier and a gentleman has been impugned, and I re- gard it a privilege to vindicate myself to the utmost—always with your kind con- sent.” Mrs. Ferintosh inclined her head ever so slightly. Glory Adair seated herself at one end of the table, and Grant took his place at the other. Cassilis drew his chair forward, where he could watch his antagonist close- ly. Ruth—so Glory Adair noticed—settled herself next to Cassilis, on the side farthest from Captain Grant. Mrs. Ferintosh kept herself in the background. “ May I smoke, your lordship?” asked Grant; and, at a permissive nod from Glo- ry H lit a cigarette. “ Now,” he added, “ I am in the witness-box. You may proceed, Miss Adair.” (To be continued NEXT WEEK.)/ne'/un~ Inf Leonard Edward AMN that lint!” Audibly expressed and uninten- tionally, it caused Sebast Moore, who had uttered the profane words, to look down from his lofty perch upon a row of prim but flushed spinsterly faces. Sebast Moore, A. B., the “ A. B.” recent- ly acquired, utterly inexperienced at any- thing practical, working only because he had to eat, starting at the bottom, as all successful men do or say they do, had made rapid progress that morning—with the aid of a step-ladder. Otherwise he would have still been at the bottom. He was washing windQws, the dingy windows of Clute & Williams, Insurance, and he wouldn’t have been doing that if old man Clute had dared trust this son of a departed friend with work such as his efficient old maids were doing. At washing windows, Moore was no suc- cess. Perhaps because he had never done it before. He could sop a wet rag around until it was grimy, he could renew the water on every other window, he could ap- ply soap and remove the dirt, but when it came to drying them with a clean cloth, the lint remained behind, as adhesive as cooties, as annoying as a cheap tooth-brush that leaves bristles in its trail to be discovered hours later. After damning the lint, and forgetting the looks of the shocked ladies, and con- cluding that haste really does make waste, and not fancying going over each speckled window until it was glossy and speckless as all newly cleansed panes should be, Moore remained seated atop his pedestal and hope- fully contemplated obtaining or inventing a remedy. “ How did they wash windows, anyway?” He thought of asking one of the women, but concluded not to do it—you never know when a maiden lady will be offended-—and besides he didn’t dare after that cuss-word. He did remember drawing pictures on win- dows that had been soaped, had dried, and then had been wiped clean. But he didn’t have that kind of soap. His was a yellow bar, smooth and greasy, and besides old Clute would not tolerate the purchase of a soap solely for windows. No, indeed! And since Moore had to be at his janito- rial duties by 7.30 a.m. he had come in con- tact with a new group of wage-eamers, a group he never knew existed, the window- cleaners, who needs must arise early in the morning and finish dousing vast expanses of plate glass before feminine feet begin to tread the sloppy sidewalks. Moore remem- bered that they wielded a wicked, long-han- dled mop, dripping lavishly, and then scraped the water from top to bottom with a rubber and limtless tool that did a finished job the first time over just as a good lawn- mower should do. 114ONE IN FOUR MILLION. 115 Moore didn’t have that instrument either. Neither was he going to give up. What is it they say about laziness being the mother-in-law of invention? Perhaps! At any rate, Moore sat and thought, something new for him, for usually when he sat he just sat. Simply that and no more. Sometimes an idea will come to a person, and if original or feasible, or maybe ab- surd or whimsical, it is going to cause just a little vanity. That‘s what happened to Moore. One would have thought he had hit upon the Cheap substitute for gasoline or something equally important. He clam- bered down from the ladder with an agility that caused the more timorous of the spin- sters to turn around in fear that he had fallen. He glanced up and surveyed the untouched windows, absolutely dirty, and then the ones, which, though absolutely clean, looked far worse. He nodded know- ingly; his problem was solved. The big idea—paper towels. Why not! They were used in the wash-room; why not to dry the windows? Moore thought it over. Possible? Cer- tainly! But like most of his haphazard ideas it had its drawbacks. First and last, it would take an enormous quantity and the pinch-penny Clute would never stand ' for that. But it suggested newspapers, and those were easily obtained. He returned with an enormous armful which he de- posited on the floor, and then taking a whole first section once more, ascended to the scene of his erstwhile activities. And still he did not even try out his new scheme. An item caught his eye and fpr the instant windows were forgotten. Moore was more interested in reading the little, short account telling that statisticians had figured that four million people would make income-tax returns for the ensuing year. The top of the step-ladder was an ideal place to assume the attitude of the thinker. Moore bemoaned the fact that he, on fifteen per, was not included among the four mil- lion. And why not? That’s what he was trying to decide. It was a tougher prob- lem than ‘his previous one, and Moore was so engrossed in trying to dope out a way to become one of the elect that he did not notice the presence of old man Clute until a gruff, surly, startling “ Well ” aroused him from his lethargy. Moore looked up. “ Well, is all this necessary?” demanded Clute somewhat ironically. Moore really did not know what his em- ployer meant. “ What’s necessary?” he asked. “ Those papers here; what are they do- ing?” Moore was now master of his wits again. The papers had a definite relation to his work. “Oh! The papers! They are very necessary, Mr. Clute. You see, I have dis- covered a new way of washing windows. I have learned that a rag leaves the pane cov- ered with lint and the sole remedy is to wipe them with a paper and thus avoid—” “ Yes, yes.” Impatiently. “ I under- stand; but how does it work in practise? Your theory sounds all right.” Moore’s face lengthened. He stammered: “ You see, Mr. Clute, I just hit upon the idea and I haven’t had time to try it out yet.” “ So I see. You have to read each paper first so that it won’t be a total loss. Very considerate and economical of you, indeed. And as much as it grieves me I’m afraid you’ll never have the opportunity to put your theory into practise, that is, for Clute & Williams.” “ Then you intend to fire me?” Moore asked quizzically. “ I already have,” Mr. Clute informed him. And Sebast Moore departed from his first job, the newspapers, the cause of his down- fall still under his arm, and the thought .that he was still further away from the four million vivid in his memory. He had an idea, however, and, consulting the news- paper, even though it was four days old, he jotted down the locations of several of- fices that were to rent. » Moore was a fast worker, once he got started, and in half an hour’s time he had signed a month’s lease—he couldn’t afford a longer one—and had arranged for imme- diate delivery of a second-hand desk and chair. He bought a can of paint and a brush, and before there was even a remote116 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. sign of the office being occupied he proudly and crudely began to letter the door. The corridor was dark and dingy. No one seemed to be about. And were it not for signs on the doors of other offices anti on the directory in the street-floor entrance, Moore might easily have imagined himself the sole occupant of the building, or at least, his floor. Diagonally across the corridor was a door labeled: BIXBY—BROKER. And inside, unseen and unheard by Moore, one Nonita Sand was getting rid of an employer, quite the opposite of what had just happened to Moore. She was just beginning to typify her name. At that very moment she had con- cluded she was tired of her humdrum job, that she was going to make a change and that before she did she would tell her em- ployer just where he got off, which is a thing all of us have the ambition to do some time in our lives. She went direct to 'the point, if nothing else. “ Mr. Bixby,” she asked, “ when are you going to give me a typewriter for this old-fashioned office?” Ezra Bixby blinked. Such impertinence was novel to him. “ Why, Miss Sand. What do you mean? You know I’ve never considered a type- writer; it’s quite unnecessary.” “ It is as long as you don’t have to write ithe letters,” she retorted. “ And an add- ing machine. I simply won’t work here any longer without one.” Nonita had been aching to say something like that, and now, after a long wait, she was in the throes of an ambition attained. Mr. Bixby was astounded at the straight- forwardness of his hitherto meek and effi- cient secretary. Perhaps she had been read- ing some Bolshevik literature and was try- ing to bully him. Mr. Bixby was not the man to stand for that. “ Miss Sand,” he said, “ that will do. You’ve said quite enough. I shall continue to run this business without the aid of new- fangled devices as I have done in the past. I shall solicit advice when I think I need it.” And he gave emphasis to the statement by pounding his desk violently. Nonita was neither impressed nor dis- turbed. She continued coolly to air her grievances. “ You don’t think of easing a subordi- nate’s burdens. Modern aids mean noth- ing to you. You think your ancient meth- ods are good enough and that’s why your business is—” Here Bixby spluttered. “ I’ll have no references to the way I conduct my busi- ness. If you’re not careful, Miss Sand, I’ll have—I’ll have to reduce your pay as is consistent with the present economic ten- dencies.” He had intended to say that he would have to let her go, but quickly realized that an equal would be hard to find and that much time would be lost in schooling another into the intricacies of. his broker- ing business. Bixby realized that she was too valuable to lose. Nonita was aware of what was going through Bixby’s mind. “ You almost fired me, Mr. Bixby,” she said. “ But there’s no need of it. I’m tired of your office; I’ve got initiative even if I’ve never shown it and I’ve concluded to go somewhere where imagination is required.” “ You’re going to leave me?” Bixby was actually alarmed. “ After all I’ve done for you? After—after-—” “ After refusing to buy me a typewriter ” concluded Nonita. » “ But I will,” promised Mr. Bixby. “ Too late now,” she retorted. “ And before I go please take down that last year’s calendar which I am sure you are not saving for the picture of the pretty girl. You know it adds to the impression that that the business is asleep.” Bixby was astounded to silence. He watched Nonita jauntily leave his office, and as he heard her close t|he outer door his mouth twitched and his head sank upon his chest. Nonita experience a feeling of freedom. Jobless, with little money, yet absolutely without a worry in the world, she stepped into the dingy corridor and halted to drawONE IN FOUR MILLION.	117 on her gloves. Then she saw, for the first time, Sebast Moore, occupied with his w<3rk of lettering the door of that long-vacant office. Nonita was no more than human when die lingered to gaze at a sign-painter at work. There is a fascination 'that grips all of us who watch the beginning, gdtess the finish, and are usually happily disap- pointed, in the progress of a sign. As she pulled on and drew off her gloves inter- mittently to give some reason for her tar- rying should the painter become aware of her presence, Nonita concluded it was no expert artist who had completed a top- heavy, unsymetrical “ S,” a squat, toppled “ E.” As a “ BAS ” followed she decided the name was to be Sebastian and she longed to take the brush and complete it herself. But a “ T ” ended the word and no period followed it. Another word was started, but the work was interrupted by the arrival of a badly-battered chair and a desk. Moore dropped his brush and directed the placing of the furniture and, after paying the teamsters, returned to his task, still unaware of Nonita’s presence. She was more than idly curious now. The young man must be starting in business for himself, and evidently on a limited capi- tal. The sign neared completion; Noniita could easily supply the missing letters that were needed to finish the crude and labori- ously lettered sign which now read: SEBAST MOORE Income Tax Exp Nonita went to lunch, ithe strange name lingering in her memory. She imagined all sorts of fanciful things concerning him and she envied him, for evidently he was staking his daring against disaster. He must be an adventurer chancing a small loss against the overwhelming odds of a big gain. She had to do something, so why not take a plunge? What money she had wouldn’t last very long if she continued eating a dollar’s worth of nothing at ar soda-fountain every time she was the'least mite hungry. A definite plan was forming in Nonita’s mind, stimulated by the excitement in en- counters with mm like Bixby, and by the zest in making suppositions concerning men like Sebast Moore. She paid her check and unhesitantly went to the public library which she had used to advantage in her work with Bixby. This time volumes on income taxation commanded her attention. They were dry reading, but all Nonita de- sired was a smattering of technical phrases. She picked them at random and jotted them down in a note-book. An hour later she was once more on the third floor of the building, and at the same hour that She was accustomed to return to work from her noon-day lunch. This time she sought the newly lettered door and unhesitantly walked in without knocking. Her dramatic entrance, which she had planned, had the desired startling effect on the sole occupant who stood with his hands in his trouser pockets looking at an empty desk, evidently trying to figure what to do with so much vacant space. Sebast Moore was the first to speak. “ I beg your pardon, but aren’t you—aren’t you mistaken?” “ You’re—I mean is this Mr. Moore’s office?” inquired Nonita, who had nearly forgotten her carefully prepared speech. “ It is,” said Moore. “ May I see him?” she asked without a smile. “ I’m him,” Moore confessed ungram- matically and somewhat flustered. “Oh!” Moore wondered whether that expressed surprise or dismay. Nonita continued. “ I’d like advice about my income tax.” “ Yes?” he inquired. He wras wondering how she had happened to conffe to him so soon after the opening of his office. “ You can help me, can’t you?” “ Surely—certainly—of course! ” Moore was trying to make a doubtful tone sound emphatic. He wasn’t prepared for busi- ■	ness, yet he couldn’t afford to go long with- out any. Now a doctor or a dentist—the problem was solved. “ I can give you \ an appointment, Miss, Miss—” “ Sand,” Nonita supplied. “ I can arrange to see you Monday. How \118 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. would that suit you?” Moore asked in his most solicitous tones. Nonita smiled in an amused way until Moore looked directly at her when she was forced to change it to a smile of regret. “ I’m sorry,” she said, “ I can It wait until then.” “ Won’t you sit down?” he asked, deter- mined to keep her. Moore did not notice that Miss Sand was enjoying his discomfiture. He produced a paper and pencil, and in a most profes- sional manner sought what he considered necessary information. “ Any other sources of income?’ he asked after Nonita had enumerated several. He thought .things were progressing nicely, pleased with his astuteness^- but ignorant that Nonita was watching him, her lips pursed to suppress a smile. “ Let’s see,” she said, and turned to her notes. “ Oh, yes! ” she exclaimed in feigned surprise. “ Here are some items I must have overlooked. They are mostly stocks and bonds and I don’t know what they yield, so you’d better take a list to be able to determine—” “ Of course,” interrupted Moore. “ There’s twenty-five thousand in Arctic Fisheries, forty-five—” Nonita did not finish. A low whistle from Moore’s lips stopped her. He had absently pictured himself receiving a proportionate fee big enough to supply him with a motor, a new office where, in luxuriously appointed appointed surroundings, he could reap—” This was as far as 'his dream got. Nonita brought him out of it. “ Got that?” she asked, and Moore had to admit his negligence. Nonita sould not go on with the decep- tion. She laughed out loud at the bewil- dered Moore. “ And now, Mr. Moore,” she said, “ I came here to look for a job. It’s evident you need some one who can intelligently meet any prospective clients and as I am temporarily out of work I sug- gest that you hire me. It will relieve a serious difficulty.” “Hold on!” exclaimed Moore. “You say you want a job?” “ Absolutely!” And Nonita told of the events that brought her there. “ But I can’t hire you. I haven’t enough money,” he protested. “ Nothing less than a partnership will do, Mr. Moore. I’ll donate my services with what little money I have until—until we fail or succeed. There’s nothing like taking a chance, and the reason why I came here is because I admired you for the big bluff you were running.” Moore blushed. He protested. “ I can’t let you take such a risk.” “ It ’11 be a catastrophe for you if you don’t. What I learned with Bixby will be valuable. How about it?” He demurred at first, but when he real- ized what ah asset Nonita would be to him, helpless as he was, he consented, and before the paint was dry on the door a feminine hand, steadier and more artistic, had changed the sign to read: MOORE & SAND That addition was what the firm needed. The next few days were devoted to get- ting established. With a capital more than double the original one the'partners could well afford a table, another chair, a rug, several important-looking volumes and a desk set which gave the office a businesslike appearance. They had their sign painted on the direotory down-sitairs, but this time it was done by a professional, and they contracted for a notice in the want ad col- umns in several papers. So a week passed and no one came near them. “ We’ve got to do something,” Nonita decided. “ I suggest that as long as clients won’t come to us you’ll have to go and get them, Sebast.” She was calling him by his rightful and uncontracted given name. “ But who shall I go to, Nonita?” “ I don’t care—doctor, lawyer, merchant —the butcher, the baker, the candlestick- maker—it ought to be easy enough to hit one of your four million. But be sure and land a big one; pick some one with a large income and I’ll do the plucking.” So it came to pass that Sebast went out seeking trade. But everywhere he went he met with rebuff. No one needed him. HeONE IN FOUR MILLION. 119 even dared to visit his former employer, Clute, and attempted to persuade him -that he needed professional advice. “ Where’d you get the requisite knowl- edge?” Clute demanded. “ My partner, Sand,” said Moore as if speaking of a man, “ has studied the sub- ject extensively and is very capable of hand- ling accounts that require <the utmost care and secrecy.” “ Something wrong somewhere,” com- mented Clute, ending the interview. Moore was not disappointed. “ I didn’t expect to land him anyway,” he told him- self as he returned to the office and found Nonita conversing with a roughly dressed foreigner, who /talked only in broken En- glish. A moment later the stranger de- parted, and Nonita proudly displayed a five-dollar bill which die explained was the first money the company had earned. “ He saw our ad in bhe paper and I made out his return and charged him ten per cent. What luck with you?” “ None.” “ Who’d you see?” And Moore enumerated the scores of places he had visited, not forgetting to men- tion Clute. “ Scattered all over town,” mused Nonita. “ No system, Sebast. To-morrow you covet* every office in this building; there’s just as many prospects here as anywhere. Bixby, for instance; if we could get a ten- per-cent fee from him we’d have to pay a tax ourselves. Talk your head off to him and I’ll ’tend to the unsolicited trade. Very shortly we’ll have a regular business.” “ Gee, you’re optimistic, Nonita,” said Moore. I don’t know how I’d get along without you and if—if—” “ This is no time for sentimental thoughts,” interrupted Nonita, guessing what was on his mind. “ I’ve got to pour over these corporation taxes, franchise taxes, and individual income taxes so that I’ll be prepared for a real client if you ever stir one up. A big business with big people; that’s what we’ve got to do.” “ That’s right, Nonita,” said Moore ab- sently. “ You’re boss.’ “ I’ve assumed those duties already, so don’t forget seeing Bixby to-morrow.” When Moore returned at the end of the next day Nonita’s first question was: “ Did you see him?” “ That’s all I did do,” replied Moore. “ So you came away, I suppose?” “ What else could I do?” Moore queried. Nonita didn’t answer; instead she asked another question. “ Was there any one there beside Bixby?” “ He seemed to be having some trouble with a girl.” At this Nonita smiled. “ I thought so. I guess I’ll have to go around and see him myself. He may want to hire me back.” “ You don’t mean it?” exclaimed Moore. “ Of course I do,” she insisted. “ Well, I’m glad of that. I’m glad you’ve goit sense enough to get out of this thing before it goes on the rocks. I’m grateful to you for what you’ve done and I’m sorry I can’t repay you what you’ve put into it in time and money. If I thought for a minute that I could support a wife—” “ Cut that out! You misunderstand me, Sebast. I’m going to see Bixby to obtain his patronage. The day I quit I could have had anything I wanted, and now he’s going to beg me to come back. Wait and see.” “ More power to you,” said Moore. “ I wish you luck.” Noniita donned her hat and coat for the sake of appearance before entering Bixby’s office. He didn’t seem surprised. “ Aha,” back for your old job?” he inquired most jovially. “ No, sir,” she replied emphatically. “ I’ve come to prepare your income tax.” “ So—so you’re in with that young whip- persnapper that came to see me.” “ And you wouldn’t listen to the sound business proposition he had to tell you,” Nonita chided. “ And I won’t listen to any tax talk from you, either,” Mr. Bixby asserted stoutly. “ You can have your job back and anything else you want if I can only get rid of that gum-chewing, putty-faced model of incom- petence I’ve got now.” “Nothing doing, absolutely!” said Nonita, remembering that at one time Bixby could not tolerate her slang. “ Now you listen to this money-saving proposition.” Bixby was helpless. He could growl and120 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. scowl at a man and get rid of him, but with Nonita he usually submitted meekly. She told Bixby the amount of the tax he (had paid the year previous. “ How do you know?” he asked, admit- ting the figures were correct. “ Didn’t I write a check that could have been raised to any amount by unscrupulous hands. You should have some device to protect your checks, but that is quite irrele- vant. What I was going to say is that I can show you a perfectly legitimate and honest way of reducing your tax by a quar- ter.' How does that sound?” . “ Sounds all right,” admitted Bixby. “ But I don’t believe it.” “ Getting interested, though, aren’t you?” she taunted. “ If you’ll just wait a minute I’ll have the proof here.” She went to Bixby’s phone and called up her own office across the hall. It would have been as easy to walk to it, but that would be not so impressive. Moore an- swered her. “ Busy?” she asked. “ Well, when you get time bring over to Mr. Bixby’s office those papers I have prepared. They’re on 'the desk.” Moore took the hint that he was not to hurry. Bixby waited impatiently and re- peated his offer to give Nonita her old job. “ I’m sorry,” she replied. “ But if things turn out right I expect I’ll be married diortly.” Nonita considered it a rash statement as soon as she had made it. But then she was used to doing rash things. “ To—to your partner?” asked Bixby. Nonita nodded. “ Only he don’t know it yet,” she hastened to add. For once in his life Bixby chuckled. Per- haps the remark had aroused some fond memory. Anyway when Moore entered the atmosphere had changed considerably since his last visit. Nonita took the papers. “ Now, listen, Mr. Bixby,” she commanded and looked at Moore signifying that he was to do the same. “ In the course of my work with you,” she continued, “ I could not help knowing that you personally possessed bonds of the Greenwich Railroad, Oaklawn Motors, and Clyde Oils, all yielding six per cent or better. These constituted the greater portion of your taxable income. Now if you convert these bonds into some that are just as good security, but pay but four per cent and yet are not taxable your in- come will be proportionately reduced, but the absence of a tax will more ithan offset this reduction and you will be the gainer in the end. There!” Nonita confidently finished her argument. Moore was astonished at her knowledge and Bixby was partially convinced. A few questions to which there were ready an- swers persuaded him that the plan was feasible. “ Then I’m engaged?” asked Nonita. “ You said so,” answered Bixby, a twin- kle in his eye. “ I mean are you going to let us prepare your return?” she asked, blushing. “ I guess it will be more profitable for me unless you charge exorbitant prices for your advice.” Moifre was entirely out of the transac- tion. He didn’t understand a bit of it and he was quite contented to let Nonita handle matters. “ I was coming to that,” she said. “ My plan will save you at least four thousand dollars a year and as our share I demand half. That’s a lot, I know, but we need it.” Moore gasped. Bixby started to pro- test, but Nonita continued: “ Both parties will be two thousand to the good. Of course that sum doesn’t mean much to you, Mr. Bixby, but it will insure us in running so serviceable a business a little while longer beside—” And here she looked at Sebast, who stood open-mouthed in awe. “ I’ll thank Mr. Bixby for the firm,” she said. “ And, Sebast,” she asked, winking to Bixby, “ wasn’t there something you were going to say to me about supporting—” “ But not here,” he stammered, and the two of them, who had so suddenly become one of the four million, linked arms and strode back to ithe door that Sebast insisted would be changed to read: N. and S. MOORE* / StepK en KLa\je CHAPTER XVII. AT THE MERCY OF MORRELL. WHEN Ella Richards, alias Barbara Alden, looked into Lane Hamlin’s eyes that day in the McGrail of- fice, she had seen enough to satisfy her. The light in Hamlin’s eyes had been unmis- takable. She had known then that Ham- lin loved her. And though she had hoped for just such an expression in his gaze, she had been overcome with confusion when she saw it. Late that same afternoon when Sayle came in, her face was flushed and her eyes were dancing with happiness. Sayle eyed her keenly as he kissed her, noting her embarrassment. “ Hamlin has made his report, I reckon,” he said, grinning. She grasped his arms and held them tightly; he could feel her body trembling, the spasmodic twitching of the slender fin- gers on his arms. “Oh, daddy, he loves me!” she whis- pered. “ H-m! ” rumbled 'the pseudo Sayle. He gently disengaged his arms, seized the girl by the shoulders, and forced her back a little so that he could look into her eyes. What he saw there brought an astonished light into his own. “ How do you know? Did he tell you so?” “ Not in words, daddy; he looked it!” “ H-m! Looked it.” He grinned wide- ly. “ Well, I reckon love has got a lan- guage that’s a whole lot better than words. He looked it, eh? WTiat about the veiled lady? Strikes me Hamlin’s sort of scatter- ing his affection some, isn’t he? First he’s This story began in the dead in love with a woman whose face he didn’t see, and now he’s in love with you. I’d be mighty «=. careful, Ella. It’s likely he’ll go right out and fall in love with some other woman.”	, “I’m not afraid of that!” she declared. “ Why, daddy, his eyes were eloquent! ” “ Bosh! Any man’s eyes are eloquent to the woman who thinks he is in love with her.” “ And, daddy—” She ignored his depre- cating words, possibly because they were belied by the softness of his voice. “ And, daddy,” she repeated; “ he is bashful! ” “ Well,” pondered Sayle, “ I reckon he would be. That kind of a cuss always is. He’ll be cold and steady and civil to me, and he’ll fight with a grin on his face. But he’s usually backward when he’s around women. And he still thinks you are Bar- bara Alden.” “ I believe I would have told him the truth if he had not left so—suddenly.” “ He won’t run away,” consoled Sayle. But it seemed to the girl that Hamlin had “ run away.” Each time the office door opened she turned toward it, expecting to see Hamlin, and at die end of two days she began to resent his absence. And if die had not been with her father when she saw Hamlin in the lobby of the Highland, she would have reproached him, she believed. In her room, after kissing her father good night—the kiss that had aroused Ham- lin’s jealousy—she had gone to the dress- ing-table to look into the glass, there to note how the color had come into her face. Of course Hamlin had brought it, as sight of him had brought the sparkle to the eyes that gazed back at her from the glass. She had seen that Hamlin had been sur- Argosy-Allstory Weekly for March 19. X2X122 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. \ prised to see her enter the hotel; and she had likewise noted the wonder in his eyes, caused, she supposed by the fact that she was with Sayle. That wonder of his had not disturbed her, though. On the contrary it gave her a pleasurable thrill to know that Hamlin had betrayed interest in her. She spent some time looking into the glass, thinking of him. And when at last she turned, sighing a little, 'having some conception of the mental torture to which her entrance with Sayle had subjected Ham- lin—and feeling just a bi| sorry for him— she saw Morrell standing just inside the door. She had not locked it, and Morrell had closed it behind him. She knew Morrell, for she had taken a good look at him in the Dragon just before Lane Hamlin had inter- fered with Morrell’s advances. The man’s huge body seemed to fill the room. She felt dwafed beside him. There was a cold grin on his pouting lips; Ins little black eyes were agleam with a hum©r that paralyzed her. She believed that she would have screamed for help, though, had she not seen a pistol of large caliber in his right hand, if he had not held up the left, the palm toward her. The pistol seemed to prove that he was determined to kill, if necessary—and her concern at the instant was for her father; While the left hand, with the palm toward her, seemed to be a sign offered to reassure her. Therefore, she stood silent, Watching him. “ I don’t mean to harm you, Miss Rich- ards,”, he whispered. “If you keep quiet nobody will ever know I’ve been in here. But if you make a noise, bringin’ that guy, Sayle, in here, I’ll kill both of you! I just wamt to have a little 'talk with you, an’ then I’ll beat it.” She did not answer. His manner was insincere; there seemed to be a stealthy threat in the expression of his gleaming black eyes in the way he moved as he stepped toward her. “ It ain’t nothin’ to get scared over,” he whispered as he moved across the room; “ not if you don’t go to gettin’ loud an’ bringin’ some one to interfere.” He low- ered the left-hand and fumbled at a pocket, bringing forth a Sheet of soiled paper, which he extended toward her. “ I reckon it’s just justice I’m after, Miss Richards,” he said in a placative voice; “ justice, that’s all. This here paper is a copy of a will that your mother made. I want you to take a look at it.” Half convinced that the man intended no barm to her, Miss Richards reached out a hand to receive the paper he was holding out. The next instant a huge hand went over her mouth. She was swung off her feet and carried to the door. She fought with the man, frenziedly kick- ing at him as he held her, until her strength gave out. He had bent her arms back, holding them tightly against her sides, and the big hand over her mouth and nose shut off her breath completely. She could see Morrell’s face near hers—he was peering close at her, apparently enjoying her strug- gles to breathe. But the hand continued to press—hard- er, harder—seeming to become gigantic, an implacable, remorseless instrument of death. Her lungs were shot with agonizing'pains; lights, varicolored, began to streak across her vision; the room started to whirl in sickening convolutions. And then came a terrible, overpowering darkness. Aeons of time seemed to have passed when Miss Richards again opened her eyes, to realize 'that she was gasping breath into her aching lungs. It had seemed to her that some monstrous object had been rest- ing on her head, crushing her down and down into a place where space was blade and endless. Then after a while she seemed to be released and myriad lights began to dance before her eyes. Her last sensation before awakening was that she was being relieved of a terrific constriction at her ithroat. She struggled and sat up, to see Morrell bending over her. He was grinning hugely, triumphantly. But there seemed to be no immediate threat in his manner, and oddly, she was not so much afraid of him as she had been when he had confronted her in her room at the ■hotel. Her first glance told her that die was no longer in her room, but in a strange one. She was seated on a huge, overstuffed tap-SOME MAN! 123 estry davenport, and she saw at (her side a big red handkerchief which, she decided, must have been tied over (her mouth. She noted one door—closed, and a window at her right. The window evidently opened upon a small air court, and there were stout iron bars set into the frame. She could see a dirty red brick wall that rose within a foot of the window. The room had a high ceiling, and blank, bare walls, whose decorations had become dingy with neglect. It was evident, though, that at one time the room had been pre- tentious as to luxury, for the character of the furnishings indicated artistic sense and wealth. There were massive bronzes, plaques, marble statuettes, paintings. An ornate clock, its hands stationary at three, deco- rated a wide mantel. Bronze andirons and a filmy screen partially concealed the gap- ing fireplace. A huge bookcase almost filled one end of the room. A heavy library- table with big, carved legs was in the center. There were massive chairs, a faded Per- sian rug; lamps of Oriental design. Miss Richards saw a many branched candlestick which seemed to stand in an ancient atmos- phere. There was a brass urn on a pede- stal. An obese jardinier squatted in a comer. Yet, despite the decorations, the room seemed like a prison. The one door and the solitary window hinted of secrecy, of stealth, of sinister, clandestine prowling. The girl sat there holding her throat, auto- matically and involuntarily rubbing it as though to disperse the pain of her breath- ing, trembling—her eyes closing, opening, filled with awed wonder and dismay. At a little distance sat Morrell, in a big chair, watching her. His little eyes were narrowed with a gloating triumph. His lips were extended, drooping—loose with a bes-: tial joy. “ Why did you bring me here?” The girl’s voice came with an effort, and yet she looked steadily at Morrell. “ Clever, eh?” laughed Morrell. “ You’re -here, all right. You thought you’d fooled me the other night—fixin’ your maid up to look like you. Well, you pretty near tricked me—but not quite. I guzzled that maid until her tongue stuck out a yard before I caught on that she wasn’t you. I saw you cornin’ down-stairs afterward—when that damned Hamlin busted in. Look here.” He showed her a spot on his jaw where the skin was broken, the flesh around it discolored.. He pointed to his left eye, which was swollen, and discolored, like the flesh on his jaw. He showed her his lips— they were puffed, the flesh split inside. He shoved back his hat and pointed to a huge bump on his forehead. He grinned malevolently, with hideous mirth. “ Hamlin done it. I’m goin’ to kill Ham- lin. Wait. I’ll get him, too.” Morrell got up and paced back and forth. His huge muscles were in rigid bunches, the braised lips were stuck out; his big hands opened and closed and the girl shrank at the terrible strength of them. This man, she felt, was a mental and moral pervert—an atavism. His .passions were malignant, ruthless. He had no sense of balance or of values; he was an animal, with the ferocious impulses and instincts of his kind. And yet she detected in him a certain ability of repression. He had the cunning of an animal, in that he could wait, biding his time until he held the advantage. “ You’ve been right foxy—eh?” he went on, halting before her and grinning down into her upturned face. “ Palmin’ your maid off as you, an’ workin’ in a detective’s office. “ But I’ve watched you. That night Hamlin clawed me I went back to your house. I saw you go out, an’ I followed you. You took a taxi an’ I took another. I seen you go into the Highland. I got Frayne to find out Where your room was. “An’ Frayne got that Larrabie girl out again, last night. He got her to talkin’, an’ she told him you was workin' in a de- tective’s office. But she couldn’t tell Frayne anything about where your dad is.” “ How did you bring me here—and where am I?” questioned Miss Richards, her curi- osity overcoming her dread and fear of the man. “ That’s easy,” he laughed. “ A friend of Frayne’s runs the freight elevator in the124 ARGOSY -ALLSTORY WEEKLY. Highland. When I carried you out of your room, after chloroforming you, I beat it straight for his car, which was waitin’ for me. I got you into the basement, and then to a private automobile, which I had wait- in’. Then I brought you here.” “ Where is ‘ here ’?” Morrell grinned. He turned, and walked the length of the room. As he presented his back, Miss Richards ran to the door. Morrell heard her as she tried to pull tlhe door open, and instead of attempting to in- terfere he stood, grinning at her efforts. “ No use,” he mocked. “ It’s locked— plenty. The 'window, too. Feel like screaming? Well, go to it. Nobody will hear you. This is an old building, an’ there’s no one else in it. An’ you’re a half a block from any street. #You might as well save your breath.” Miss Richards slowly returned to the davenport and sat upon it. The terror that gripped her was visible—It was a nameless thing that clutched her in an icy grasp, making her lips bloodless and her eyes big pools of haunting dread. “ What are you keeping me here for? What do you intend doing?” she managed, after a time, during which Morrell stood at a distance, watching her. “ I’ll kill you—mebbe. Mebbe I won’t,” he answered, laughing softly, as though the situation was not without humor. “ I’ve intended to kill you right along. I went to your house that night to do for you. But I’ve been usin’ my brain-box since.” He now walked close to her. A quick change came over him. His face was pois- onously bloated and repulsive with a sud- den passion that seemed to seize him. “ The money you’ve got ain’t yours— not a damned cent of it. It’s mine! It’s money that was made by my father, Link Morrell, before I was bom, an’ while Mor- rell was livin’ with my mother. I’m goin’ to have it! ” “ You mean the money left to me by my mother, I suppose?” “ That’s it.” “ You have no claim upon that money— legal or moral. It is money that came to my mother after the death of your father.” “ Who was tellin’ you?” “ Mr. Lawson told me—and my father.” “ They tell you who killed my dad, Link Morrell?” She nodded. “ I figured it this way,” he said, watching her, hatred lying naked in his eyes. “ Law- ton, Richards, an’ Lane Hamlin’s dad framed up to beat my dad out of his share of the mine. I’ve heard they was ag’in’ my dad from the first, an’ when they found gold they downed him—Hamlin’s dad doin’ the killin’. “ They done it to keep my mother from gettin’ what was cornin’ to her. After Rich- ards married your mother they turned my dad’s share over to her.” “ That isn’t the truth. Lawton told me he and the others bought your father’s' interest in the mine more than a year be- fore your father’s death.” She met the cold hatred of Morrell’s eyes steadily. “Bah!” he jeered. “Lies—eh? Well, they’ve framed ’em up. That’s a story to tell to them that want to believe it. I don’t believe it, an’ I’m intendin’ to have what’s coming to me.” Miss Richards had been watching Mor- rell closely, studying him. And, observing how his muscles twitched, and how his eyes dilated, revealing the malevolent passions that ruled him, she decided that her life was of more value to her than the wealth he claimed. She had been convinced by Lawton that Morrell had no claim to the money; and in the office with Lawton that day die had felt secure, hedged about as she was, by the law and the protection of her friends. At that time, though, she had experienced an impulse of pity for Morrell, and the wealth that had been bequeathed to her by her mother had immediately last some of its value in her eyes. She had said nothing to Lawton concerning the state of her feel- ings, but there had lurked in her heart since that day a conviction that Morrell did have a moral claim upon her; and she had meant to ask her father’s consent to a settlement with the man. She had delayed, though, not believing Morrell would carry out the threat Hamlin had overheard him make to Seeley Gray,SOME MAN! 125 and thinking, that the matter could be set- tled through the proper channels—in a busi- nesslike manner. Now, however, with her life in jeopardy, with Morrell’s blazing, lhate-inflamed eyes upon her, she realized that she must act. “ You may have the money you think belongs to you,” she s$id. “ How do you figure to turn it over to me?” He was watching her narrowly, suspi- ciously. “ Why,” she said hesitatingly; “ we’ll go to see father. The transfer can be made right away.” “ How long will it take?” “ Only a few minutes. Father will give you a check for the amount.” She was about to say more concerning the legal points that would have to be ad- justed when Morrell astonished her by grin- ning at her in huge triumph. “ So your dad ain’t in Europe after all!” he said. “ You could settle this thing in a few minutes; an’ your dad could give me a check—eh? Then he’s in town, an’ livin’ mighty close. Bah!” he jeered. “You thought you’d fool me again, eh? Get me where the cops would nail me, eh? Pretend to agree an’ then double-cross me. You got another guess cornin’.” He leaned over her; his breath in her face, and she got up, shrinking from the threat in his manner, backing away from him, realizing with dismay that he had tricked her. He followed her, grinning bestially, seem- ing to delight in the terror he aroused in her. “ Your dad’s in town, eh? An’ right close—where you can reach him in a few minutes. Well, Seeley Gray wants him. An’ I want him. When I get the both of you together we’'ll settle this thing for good. An’ you’re tellin’ me where I can find him, or I’ll choke the life out of you! ” She tried to evade him, stumbled on the rug, felt his big hands grip her shoulders; saw his repulsive eyes glow with a lust that she had never seen in any man’s eyes. For an instant she wildly thought of defy- ing him, but there was no mistaking the deadly earnestness of him. And when he brought the other hand up, and slipped both to her throat, his sinewy fingers touching the flesh with what seemed to her to be a tentative pressure, promising instant brutal- ity, she gasped: “ Don’t, Morrell; I’ll tell you!” “ All right,” he grinned; “ shoot!” She told him, and he regarded her fixed- ly, the muscles of the fingers at her throat stiffening. “Sayle?” he said. “By God! Yes— so he is!” He released her and backed away, exul- tant, grinning craftily; while she, now that the hideous menace of his presence was for the instant removed, retreated to the wall near a pedestal, upon which stood a small marble statuette, determined, if he again approached her, to hit him with the ornament. For she knew now that what she had seen in his eyes was a lust to kill. " She watched him, rigid, breathing fast, her right hand resting on the statuette, while for an instant he grinned at her. Then he turned and walked to the door, unlocking it. “ Sayle,” he said. “ I’ll get him—an’ Hamlin. Then I’ll come back here an’ take care of you!” He closed the door, locked it from the outside. It opened into a hall; she saw the walls, the stairs. Then she heard him fuss- ing about in the ball; heard a scraping noise as if bars being set into place. And then she heard his step on the stairs—a sound that gradually receded until it ceased. She dragged a chair below the window and examined the iron bars. By pressing her cheek against them she could look into the court into which the window opened. It was not more than two feet wide, and seemed to consist of a solid brick wall. She could see no other window's in it, above or below. She got the bronze tongs from the fire- place and broke the glass of the window. And, standing on the chair, she screamed, hoping the sound would attract the atten- tion of some one—she did not care whom. It seemed to her that her voice should be heard, for it resounded with force in the room and in the little court. But there came no response. At the end o, an hour she tried again, and the silence126 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. that followed her efforts was so deep and awesome that she shrank from it. And at last, convinced of the futility of attempt- ing to escape, she huddled down upon the davenport and hid her face in her hands. CHAPTER XVIII. PRIMITIVE ACTION. \ HAMLIN was pale with the fury of bafflement when, after searching the halls and still finding no trace of Miss Alden, he ran to his room, unlocked the door with the key that he had fortu- nately dropped into a pocket when entering some time before, got his hait and stepped into an elevator which rose to his floor in response to his violent ringing. The uniformed operator looked sharply at him while replying to his question as to whether a man and woman had descend- ed a few muiutes before. “ Nobody’s gone down in the last hour, sir.” Then Morrell must have taken the stairs, Hamlin decided, for 'the second elevator was not running. When Hamlin reached the street floor he saw the other car standing idle, the door closed, the lights out. Hamlin walked to the desk. The night clerk smiled at him with good-natured, if cynical, weariness when Hamlin asked him if a man and a woman had gone out within the past few minutes. The clerk accom- plished a slow rtfegative while frankly in- specting Hamlin’s face. “ You would have seen them, of course?” “ Undoubtedly,” with a suspicion of mockery. “ The stairs, perhaps?” persisted Ham- lin.	"N “ Perhaps—perhaps not,” smiled the clerk. He turned from Hamlin to the jangle of the telephone-bell. The wearied, tolerant, good-natured expression left his face and was superseded by keen, alert interest as he held the receiver to his ear. “ Just a minute, please!” he said crisply. “ Don’t get excited. What has happened?” There was a short pause, during which Hamlin heard a voice on the wire. How- ever, he did not wait. He heard the clerk gasp: “ Impossible!” as he dashed out the front door; he saw two bell-boys run to the desk and stand there alert, attentive, as he darted to the curb where a taxi-driver was leaning against the hood of-his car. “ Which way did they go?” demanded Hamlin. “ Who, sir?” The driver blinked in seeming incomprehension. “ Man and woman! ” snapped Hamlin. “ Five minutes ago. Big, dark man—little woman!” The driver’s face crinkled into a grin, which vanished when he got a good look at Hamlin’s eyes. “ I’ve seen no one come out within the last half-hour, sir,” he answered. Hamlin turned without comment and walked toward Fifth Avenue. After taking a few steps he broke into a run, which brought him quickly to the comer. Of course the taxi-driver had been asleep, or otherwise unalert, or he must have seen Morrell and Miss Alden. And of course since they had not taken the elevator down, they must have descended the stairs. In that event—if they had not taken a taxi within a short distance of the hotel—they could not have gone very far. For Miss Alden would have to be carried. There were a few pedestrians on Fifth Avenue in the vicinity of the comer where Hamlin halted, but there was no sign of Morrell. After a swift glance up and down ithe famous thoroughfare Hamlin turned back. He crossed the street, ran rapidly down it and emerged upon Broadway. And there, instantly, he sensed the futility of further search. He paused for an instant at the corner, debating an impulse to return to the hotel and question Sayle, but decided that a talk with the latter would probably end in his punching the other’s head. And that would mean trouble with the police—which he wanted to avoid. For the first time in his life he had some conception of what a baffling and mon- strous task it was to find one person among several millions. He felt like an atom in a world of space—an atom endowed with perceptions of direction, but still unableSOME MAN! 127 to determine which direction to take. He could not apply to the police, for that would mean discovery and arrest; and restriction of his liberty at this time would mean that perhaps Miss Alden would never be found. He had started to move again, conscious of the interrogative glance of an officer who was standing at a little distance from him, when he thought of Lawton. He crossed the street, stepped into a cigar-store, bought a cigar, lighted it, and after receiv- ing his change strode into a telephone-booth and closed the door. He got Lawton’s number, and after a time Lawton’s voice answered gruffly: “ Hello. This is John Lawton. Lane— eh?” he growled when apprized of the iden- tity of the other. “ Well, what in hell do you mean by getting a man out of bed at this time of night?”	, “ Shut up! ” admonished Hamlin. “ Now, listen to what I have to say. Miss Alden has been abducted—by Luther Morrell. I don’t know what it means—” Profanity leaped over the wire and crashed into Hamlin’s ear. Then a ques- tion roared at him: “ How long ago?” “ Ten minutes.” More electric profanity. Then in raging disgust: “ Where in hell was Sayle?” “ Damn Sayle! ” “Eh? What’s that you say? Damn Sayle? What the devil do you mean?” “ Sayle’s a rake; a damned libertine. I saw Miss Alden struggling with Morrell from my window across the light court. I went over there, jumped into Miss Alden’s window. Got there too late. Miss Alden and Morrell had gone. I broke down the door between Miss Alden’s room and Sayle’s, in order to get out into the hall to get at Morrell. Sayle wTanted to shoot me. I walloped him—” “ You hit Sayle?” came in a gasp over the wire. “ Good and plenty! ” retorted Hamlin grimly. “ I’ll wallop Mm again when I meet him. It’s the old game of pretended fatherliness, Lawton. Sayle had taken two rooms at the Highland. He tried to make a fool of Miss Alden. But she wouldn’t stand for it. It wasn’t her fault, remem- ber. From my window I saw Sayle kiss her. It was a fatherly kiss, you under- stand? Then the damned scoundrel—” “ You hit Sayle?” came over the wire again in a suffocated, incredulous voice. “ I ought to have killed him.” “ Lane, you’ve made a mistake. You—” “ Lawton, you make me tired. A man can’t—” “ Lane, you’re a wild man. You don’t stop to reason about—” “ Lawton, this isn’t the time for one of your damned sermons. I want you to no- tify the police about Miss Alden’s abduc- tion. I can’t do it myself. Hustle! ” A blast of incoherence smote Hamlin’s ears, from which Hamlin caught the words: “Richards,” “Sayle,” “ Barbara' Alden ” and “ fool ” and “ damned idiot.” But there seemed to be no sequence or sense to Law- ton’s explosive verbal tornado; and Hamlin viciously jammed the receiver on the hook and walked rapidly down Broadway. Hamlin did not walk far. As on the night in the Dragon his lips were set in a cold grin. And there was in his heart a longing for swift, violent physical action. He had hated Morrell before, but that hatred had been merely an intensified dislike—the pas- sion that takes offense at a man’s personal appearance, and which deals merely in a desire to avoid contact with him, if pos- sible. But the passion which boiled in Hamlin’s veins at this minute 9truck deeper than that. It was hatred of a primitive kind; the hatred of a man of strong char- acter for another who has despoiled him of his mate. - And that passion to a man of Ham- lin’s temperament could lead only to one thing. And upon that one thing Hamlin’s thoughts centered as he hailed a taxi and got into it. And into his mind as he rode there flashed a mental picture. He could see a crude town in the West, set down in the center of desolation. In front of a little frame building stood a man, and in front of him were two other men. An oppressive quiet reigned; there was no motion. Ham- lin could see the huddled shanties of the town; the deep dust of the street, and the shimmering sunlight that flooded the place.128 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. But more plainly than anything else, he could see the man who stood in front of the little frame building. The man was his father, of course, and the mental picture he was seeing had been drawn from Lawton’s description of the scene. But it seemed to Hamlin as he looked at the picture that by some magic he was occupying his father’s position—that it was he who con- fronted the 'two men, and that within him raged the cold passion that had gripped his father at that instant. The passion was the same, at least, only the surroundings were different. Man is man whether he rides in a taxi on Broad- way or bestrides a horse on the plains. A short ride brought Hamlin to the curb in front of the Richards residence. He dis- missed the driver, ran up the steps and rang the door-bell. Labrue answered. He grinned genially as Hamlin made himself known, stepping aside to permit him to enter. “ Miss Richards isn’t in, sir,” he volun- teered. “ I came to see Miss Larrabie.” He noted Labrue’s astonished expression, add- ing quickly: “ It is important, Labrue; I’ve got to see her! ” “ Go right up,” directed Labrue. “ Third floor. Her room is at the rear—left. She’s getting ready to go out.” Hamlin ascended the stairs. On the third floor he passed down the hall, pausing be- fore the door to which Labrue had directed him. In answer' to his knock a feminine voice answered: “ What is it?” “ A messenger, Miss Larrabie.” “ Come in,” directed the voice. The door swung open and Hamlin entered. The room was of the character usually occupied by servants. It was plain, neat, clean. Various garments belonging to Miss Larrabie were scattered about, as though she had discarded them for the street attire she now wore, not yet putting them away. Miss Larrabie was dressed as she had been on the night Hamlin had seen her in the Dragon. Her cheeks had been touched with rouge and amply powdered; her eyes were bright and glowing with a rather bold interest as she looked at Hamlin. Hamlin still wore the racy clothing he had donned in the McGrail offices; the stain was still on his face, and the dark glasses with their grotesque rims. He saw that Miss Larrabie did not recognize him. “ Well?” she inquired as Hamlin closed the door. Hamlin drew his coat aside and exposed the glittering badge Miss Alden had given him. The movement was rapid, and Miss Larrbie did not have time to inspect the words stamped on the metal. In fact, a swift glance at the badge brought a start- ling change in her. Her face paled under the powder and the rouge; she took a step backward, clasped her hands and sat down on the edge of the bed, opening her mouth to permit the ejaculation, “ My Gawd!” to come from them. And then she seemed to sag as she relapsed into silence and stared at Hamlin. “ Don’t be frightened, Miss Larrabie.” Hamlin’s smile carried some reassurance for the girl, even though there was a grim qual- ity to it that hinted of determination. “ I’ve come here to talk with you about Frayne and Morrell. What do you know about them?” “ My Gawd!” breathed Miss Larrabie again. “ A fly cop ! I give you my word, mister, that I don’t know anything about them. Not a thing.” “ Be careful, Miss Larrabie. You were seen in the Dragon with Morrell and Frayne the night Miss Richards was there.” “ I don’t deny it.” The color was com- ing back into her face, and a glint of de- fiance lay in her eyes.' y “ Sure—I was with both of the gentle- men. I’d gone there with Mr. Frayne. A girl has to have some pleasure. And what harm was there in going? Miss Richards had no business butting in—trying to break up our party. The nerve of some people! ” “ Well, you are in trouble, Mass Larra- bie,” quietly warned Hamlin, merely to re- store to the girl a sense of respect for the law he was supposed to represent. “ Both Frayne and Morreft are wanted by the po- lice, for—-for several jobs. We’re-going to get them, and if you don’t talk pretty live- ly, and do exactly as I say, we’ll have to hold you as an accomplice.” 8 ASOME MAN! 129 “ I’ll say I’ll talk!” declared Miss Larra- bie, her face whitening again. “ My Gawd!” she breathed once more, evidently afflicted witih a realization of the narrow- ness of her escape from the meshes of the law of which she stood in dread. “ How did you become acquainted with Frayne?” “ How does any girl get acquainted with a man?” demanded Miss Larrabie in some astonishment. “ I passed him on the street one night. I gave him t£ie ‘ up and down ’ and he fell for it immediately. I hadn’t been talking to him more than five minutes before he was hipped for fair.” Miss Lar- rabie evidently took some pride in her achievement, for she smiled fatuously. Hamlin’s interest was not in the progress of Miss Larrabie’s conquest of Frayne; he wanted to know where he could find the man. “ All right,” 'he said. “ I don’t wonder that Frayne fell in love with you. But Frayne is a crookj and I’m after him. You’ve got a chance to escape a prison sen- tence by telling me where I can find Frayne. —to-night.” Miss Larrabie sighed—it was a tremulous effort, and it evidently hurt her to betray the man who had been so romantically at- tracted to her. But there was no doubt that a vision of a dark cell in the Tombs was disturbing. “ I hate to throw a fellow down, Mr. Cop,” she said. “ But I give you my word I didn’t know he was a crook. I suppose I’ve gotta tell?” “ Tell or go to jail.” “ Well,” she said resignedly; “111 tell what I know. It ain’t much. I’ve never been to Frayne’s rooms—though he’s asked me. So I don’t know where he lives. I’ve been meeting him when I could get away. I’ve got a date with him to-night at the •comer.” “ It’s rather late for a date, isn’t it?” Hamlin looked at his watch; the time was shortly after one. Miss Larrabie blushed. “ We was going to an all-night joint for supper,” she ex- plained. Hamlin asked her when she intended to meet Frayne, and when she replied that she 9 A was “ due ” now, he opened the door and motioned for her to follow him. She did so, hesitatingly, and in the hall Hamlin halted. “ I’ll go with you as far as the corner, Miss Larrabie. We’ll meet Frayne. You’ve got a home, I suppose?’ “ I stay at my mother’s when I want to.’ “ Well, after we meet Frayne, you see how fast you can get to your mother’s. And don’t come back here—even for your clothes. Send for them. If you come back I ill pinch you. Do you understand?” Evidently Miss Larrabie understood. She nodded a vigorous affirmative. She fol- lowed Hamlin down-stairs, and stood near the door, looking out, while’ Hamlin talked with Labrue. Hamlin explained to the latter that he was albroad upon service which concerned Miss Richards; and when he mentioned Frayne, Labrue’s eyes kindled. “ That’s the guy that’s been hangin’ around here for the past two or three weeks,” he said. “ He’s been watchin’ the house for that Seeley Gray bunch. Miss Richards said. I’d like to herdride the scum.” “ That’s a task I have reserved for my- self, Labrue,” grinned Hamlin. “ After I get him in here, you just see that we are not interrupted.” Labrue smiled broadly. An instant later Hamlin and Miss Larrabie were walking down the steps. At the corner they en- countered Frayne. The latter betrayed some hesitation in approaching Miss Lar- rabie, evidently regarding Hamlin as a rival for his place in the lady’s affections; but when she, having apparently become con- vinced that she must betray her Samson into the hands of the law’s minion, walked straight toward him, he grinned and came forward, shooting an interrogative glance at Hamlin. The latter was in no mood for delay or subterfuge. He had seen that the street was deserted; and when Frayne came close to Miss Larrabie, looking at her inquiringly, as though he expected her to introduce him to her friend, he struck viciously. The blow landed on the point of Frayne’s jaw. Frayne’s legs sagged, he stumbled for-130 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. ward into an uppercut that snapped his head back as though it were hinged to his shoulders. He went down, soundlessly, a crumpled heap on the sidewalk. Miss Larrabie smothered a surprised “Oh, Gawd!” and then stood speechless while Hamlin lifted Frayne to his shoulders. “ Now get away from here, Miss Larra- bie. And remember—don’t come back. And keep your mouth shut!” When Hamlin, carrying Frayne, reached the steps of the Richards residence, he saw Miss Larrabie walking rapidly away, look- ing back over her Shoulder. “ Get him,” grinned Hamlin as Labrue opened the door. “ An’ a damn good job,” said Labrue, vindictively. “ I’d have made that guy look like a colander if I could have got Miss Richards to say the word. He’s a friend of that damned Luther Morrell, whose dad your father downed out near Lanon.” Hamlin carried Frayne up-stairs to Miss Larrabie’s room. From what Lawton had told him about Labrue, and from what he knew of the man from talking with him, he knew there would be no interference. He carried Frayne into the room and dropped him upon the bed, amidst the litter of Miss Larrabie’s discarded clothing. The man was showing signs of regaining con- sciousness—his eyelids were fluttering, his muscles twitching; he rolled his head from side to side in an effort to clear his befogged brain. Hamlin locked the door and stood with his back to it, watching Frayne with a grin in which there was no mirth. And after a while Frayne made an effort to sit up, succeeded, and sat on the edge of the bed swaying from side to side, blinking at objects in the room. He grew steadier after a few minutes; and then he seemed to see Hamlin for the first time. He stared perplexedly for a short interval, during which he felt of his jaw, Where Hamlin’s fist had landed. Then his face bloated with resentment. “ What in hell did you hit me for?” he demanded belligerently. Not waiting for an answer, he reached for a hip-pocket. Simultaneously, Hamlin was on top of him, grasping the hand as it neared the pocket, twisting it until Frayne whined in agony. When Frayne turned his body to escape a broken arm, Hamlin’s hand sought the man’s hip-pocket, bringing out a pistol of heavy caliber, which he eyed contemptuous- ly for an instant and then threw into a corner. Frayne, holding his arm, watched Ham- lin dispose of the gun. He was a slender man, lithe, sinewy. On the night of his experience in the Dragon, Hamlin had looked once at Frayne, mentally determin- ing him to be a rather colorless individual who lacked initiative. He saw now that Frayne was more dangerous than he had thought. “ Frayne,” he said, “ get up.” Frayne got unsteadily to his feet, watch- ing Hamlin with a shadow of fear in his ferretlike eyes. It was plain that he thought Hamlin was going to explain the attack on him, and his action in bringing him to the room. But no explanation came. Hamlin in- tended to make none. “ Frayne,” he said again; “ I’m Lane Hamlin—the man you met in the Dragon the other night.” Frayne started; then leaned forward and looked long and hard at Hamlin. The light of recognition began to glow in his eyes, and with it a shrinking fear. “ You know me, eh?” Frayne’s manner indicated that he did. He tried to take a step backward, but the bed prevented. So he stood silent, watching Hamlin. “ Frayne,” said Hamlin, “ where did Morrell take Barbara Alden?” Frayne sneered. “ What in hell do I know about it?” he muttered. He tried to move sidewise, evidently divining from the flame iin Hamlin’s eyes that physical punishment for the lie was im- minent. He was too slow. Hamlin’s blow traveled faster than he anticipated. The fist landed with crushing force on Frayne’s jaw, at a point which was already bruised; and he tumbled back upon the bed, groan- ing, half unconscious. When he finally got up again, it was to see that Hamlin had taken his coat off. He was placing the garment over the back of aSOME MAN! 131 chair, and he tossed his hat upon the top of a dresser. His movements were deliberate, and there was a thrust to his jaw that un- mistakably advertised his intention. Frayne got up. There was a wild light in his eyes, his face was ghastly. “ What are you goin’ to do, damn you?” Frayne’s voice betrayed the terror that gripped him. As Hamlin again approached him he backed away—this time down along the foot of the bed. He reached the farther side and brought up against the wall. There he halted, and involuntarily threw his hands into a defensive position. Hamlin had followed him closely; with a grin on his face Which should have told Frayne that Hamlin meant to have an an- swer to his question. As Hamlin got close enough to strike his lips moved. “ Frayne, where did Morrell take Bar- bara Alden?” “Damn you!” shrieked Frayne. “I don’t know!” With his lips still in a grin, Hamlin struck again. Frayne’s head hit the wall with a resounding thump. He slid downward, landing in a sitting posture, his back against ■the wall. His head was wabbling, his. lips were drooling blood where the blow had landed. His eyes were glazed and he placed his hands on the floor beside him to steady himself. After an interval of silence he felt Ham- lin’s fingers sink into his shoulders. He was lifted, until his feet were under him and he was standing, his back against the wall—Hamlin holding him in that position. Hamlin’s voice, icy and passionless, reached his befuddled senses. “ Frayne; I’m going to keep asking you that question until you answer it. You and Morrell have been working together. You know where Morrell took Barbara Alden. You’re going to tell me. More—you’re go- ing to take me where Barbara Alden is. Perhaps I am mistaken in thinking that you know where Morrell took her; but I’m going to take a chance on that. Whenever you feel that you hsfve received punishment enough you can tell me. I’m asking you again: Where did Morrell take Barbara Alden?” “Damn you; I don’t know!” screamed Frayne. Heavily, almost passionately, it seemed, Hamlin struck once more. This time Frayne collapsed on the floor near the wall, and lay there, groaning. And Hamlin, feeling that the wretch knew the truth and was determined not to tell, stood near him, his arms folded, wait- ing for Frayne to rise, so that he could again ask the question he had asked before. At this moment Hamlin was conscious of no nice scruples regarding this inquisition. He could not appeal to the law, for he was outlawed. The situation in which he found himself had narrowed down to the necessity for primitive action. Frajfrie was receiving no more damage than was being inflicted at ithis instant upon Barbara Alden—in Mor- rell’s clutches, enduring the ignominy of his hateful presence, forced against her will to submit to—at the least—confinement at the hands of a man who was governed by the instincts and passions of an animal. CHAPTER XIX. CARDS ON THE TABLE. JAY RICHARDS, alias Sayle, had been trained in a rough school, where he had been compelled to receive blows, both physical and mental, ;to which a man of less constitutional vigor would have suc- cumbed. But never in his life had he been hit as hard as Hamlin had hit him. He had not seen Hamlin’s face, and therefore he did not know who his assailant was. He only knew that when he had been awak- ened by the wrecking of the door between his room and his daughter’s, he had seen a man came through the opening, to bring up with a crash against the foot of his bed. In Richards’s day, in the old West, a gun in a man’s hand had been the magic which commanded respect; and when he had seized it from beneath his pillow he had ex- pected awe from the intruder. Instead, he had got action—swift, terrific. When he regained consciousness he was lying flat on his back on the bed. He sat up, feeling his jaw, and wondering what had happened to him. Then he saw the pis-132 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. tol lying beside him, the moonlight glitter- ing on the metal; and recollection of what had occurred instantly came back to him. He clambered out of bed, ran to his daughter’s room; noted that she was not there and that her bed had not been occu- pied—>and leaped to the telephone to ap- prize the clerk of what had happened. He dressed hurriedly, still dazed from the effects of the blow. But his jaws were clamped with passion, cold and vicious. His first thought had been that Morrell was the man who had struck him, though upon that point he could not be certain, for it had seemed to him that the intruder had been a smaller man than Morrell. How- ever, he was convinced that Morrell was somehow connected with the outrage. He be- lieved that in some way Morrell had discov- ered where he and his daughter were stay- ing, and had abducted the girl, following out his idea of securing the vengeance he had sworn to obtain. After dressing, Richards picked up the pistol, examined it, and stuck it into a hip- pocket. He had started toward the door when the telephone-bell jangled shrilly. He took up the receiver, to be greeted by Law- ton’s gruff voice: “ Hello—Jay Richards?” And after be- ing assured that Richards was listening, he went on: “ What in the devil is wrong?" Richards told him; and Lawton’s voice grew chill. “ Lane Hamlin just called me up—from somewhere. I -couldn’t get the damned idiot to listen to me—he cut me off. I’m dressed, and I’ll be with you in fifteen min- utes. Don’t say a word about the affair to anybody until I get there! ” However, Richards was impatient. He called the hotel clerk, and to his inquiries the latter replied that he was certain Miss Alden had not gone out. Had any other person gone out? Yes; a man who had registered two days before as John Hammond. Hammond had asked the same question Mr. Sayle was ask- ing. The clerk wondered about Mr. Ham- mond’s interest. Should the police be no- tified? “ Very well,” he answered to Richards’s abrupt negative. Richards jammed the receiver back on the hook. Hammond! Richards’s eyes gleamed with speculation. The man who had struck him had looked like Hammond—Lane Hamlin. Richards was convinced that no other man in the world could hit like that. But Hamlin would not abduct his daugh- ter. That supposition was ridiculous. Richards endured twenty minutes of tor- turing impatience, at the end of which the telephone-bell rang again. “ Mr. Lawton is calling,” the desk in- formed him. A few minutes later Lawton entered. After a swift examination of the rooms, Lawton related what Hamlin had told him over the telephone some time before. He pointed to the open window—one of the curtains was tom. “ That’s where Lane got in,” said Law- ton. “ It’s too damned bad he couldn’t have made it in time to head Morrell off.” “Bah!” sneered Richards vindictively. “ Lane Hamlin is an idiot—a strong-armed young fool!” “ Complimentary, eh?” Lawton’s grin was grim. “ He said something of the kind about you. Called you a ‘ rake,’ a libertine, and some other pretty names. Said he’d walloped you—plenty; and intended to do it again. That’s what comes of not telling him the truth.” “ Blame that on Ella,” growled Richards. '• I wanted to tell him, but she wouldn't have it. Some damned nonsense about her wanting him to fall in love with her—for herself. Now it’s happened. I ought to have put Morrell away long ago. I kept thinking he was bluffing. I’m going to put the police on this thing, Lawton, before Marrell—” His voice grew thick. “ Law- ton, if Morrell harms a hair of her pretty head I’ll kill him sure as hell!” “ Wait.” Lawton’s voice was cold, steady. It was plain that he did not intend to yield to the sort of panic that was threat- ening Richards. “ We’ll play one string out before we tackle another,” he declared. “ I’m going to rely some on Lane Hamlin. He loves your girl, Richards—even if he don’t know her real name—and you can gamble he ain’tSOME MAN! 133 going to sit down and chew his finger-nails while Morrell’s got her. We’ll go and see Gray. You remember Lane said Morrell was at Gray’s house when Lane went there as Hammond?” “ That means waiting until morning,” objected Richards. “ I can’t stand it, Law- ton!” “ Steady, Richards; you’ve got to. Don’t put the police on the case now. They can’t do a thing. Anyway, it’s after one o’clock now, and a delay of four or five hours won’t matter much.” “ Morrell will kill her before that,” de- clared Richards. His face was drawn and seamed with new lines and wrinkles, and his eyes were filled with a haunting anx- iety. “ Morrell would have killed her right in this room if he had meant murder,” said Lawton. “ Carrying her away means that he’s got something else on his miserable mind.” For an hour the two men sat there, star- ing at each other. Then Lawton, noting Richards’s growing impatience, suggested taking a walk. They went down into the streets and walked until the dawn came. Then they returned to the Highland and asked if John Hammond had returned. The olerk shook his head, watching them perplexedly as they sought chairs in the lobby and waited, their faces turned toward the door. When the streets began to clatter with early morning traffic Richards got up from his chair. “ I’ve stood it as long as I can, Law- ton,” he said. “ I’m going to see Seeley Gray.” They climbed into a taxi at the doors of the hotel and were whisked to the curb in front of Gray’s residence. Lawton, tacit- ly taking the initiative, ordered the driver to wait and led the way up the steps to the door. They waited for some time before their ring was answered, and when a servant ap- peared Lawton gave him a card, directing him to say to Gray that Mr. Lawton must see him immediately. The servant soon re- turned and ushered Lawton and Richards up-stairs. Gray was fully dressed, though it was ap- parent that the final touches had been hur- ried, for his tie was a trifle awry, his hair ruffled; and when Lawton and Richards entered the library, Gray was hunching his shoulders to settle more firmly the col- lar of his coat. His greeting to the two men was formal, slightly frigid. He merely nodded his head to Richards—with no light of* recognition in his eyes; he said good morning to Law- ton as he might have said “ drive on ” to his coachman. When he had motioned them to chairs he sank into one at his desk and looked inquiringly at Lawton. “ Well, sir; you have honored me with a very early call. What can f do for you?” Lawton’s eyes were pools of cold con- tempt. He got up, walked to the door, closed it, and returned to his chair. “ We don’t want to be interrupted, Gray,” he said. “ This is real business.” He reached into a hip-pocket and drew out a huge pistol, holding it, unaimed, in the palm of his right hand. Richards watched him, his face expres- sionless. Gray started, half rose from his chair, and then sat down again, his face pale, a gleam of fear in his eyes. “ Steady, Gray,” warned Lawton as he saw Gray’s right hand fall to the desk-top and begin to slide along it. “ I remarked that this is real business, and I mean it. Keep your hands away from that button, or I’ll bore you so quick it will make you dizzy! We’re here to ask you some ques- tions; and they are going to be answered. But, now that I’ve arranged the prelimi- naries, I’ll let Richards do the talking.” He jerked a thumb toward his companion. “ Richards!” Gray peered hard at the other, who looked steadily back at him. And when Gray’s eyes began to glow with recognition, Lawton laughed shortly, mirthlessly. “ Minus his beard, but still Richards— undeniably Richards—Jay Richards.” Law- ton grinned into Gray’s eyes, now fixed upon the silent Richards with a sort of fixed, vacuous incredulity. After Lawton had closed the door and drawn the pistol there had come into the atmosphere of the room a perceptible, even134 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. palpable tension—as though tragedy, grim- visaged, was lurking near. At Lawton’s words there came a deepening of the ten- sion; the atmosphere of the room became pregnant with the promise of violence, im- minent and deadly. Richards’s face was set; his jaws were sheathed with muscles that stood out in rigid bunches; his eyes were glittering pin- points of implacable determination. And now, as Gray watched him. his lips moved. “ I’m Jay Richards, Gray. For the last few weeks folks have been calling me ‘ Sayle.’ You’ve guessed it,” he added grimly when he say Gray’s eyes widen. “ For the past few weeks I’ve been known as Sayle, of the McGrail Detective Agency.” Gray squirmed and drew a long breath. He essayed a smile, which had a frozen, satiric humor concealed somewhere in it. “ You do not expect me to believe that?” he said coldly. “ That’s unimportant, Gray. Believe it or not. I’ve known for a long time that McGrail did a lot of underground work for you. In fact, I happened to have some- thing on McGrail that made him eager to take me into his confidence when I ques- tioned him about you. He told me some months ago that you had intimated to him that one day you would want him for some work connected with myself. So I deter- mined to be prepared. McGrail told me he’d always done your work. “ So I made it worth McGrail’s while to get out of the detective game—in New York, at least. He got out. I took over the New York office. You know that Mc- Grail never employed any men—he did the work himself. My taking over the office was simple. “ I put a girl there. She did nothing except sit there and wait for you to send in a call for McGrail. The call came. The girl called herself Barbara Alden. Her real name is Ella Richards—my daughter.” Both Lawton and Richards watched Gray intently as Richards revealed the identity of Barbara Alden, both being aware that Hamlin, in the role of John Hammond, had mentioned the name Alden to the financier. Gray’s sudden start betrayed 'his amaze- ment at the revelation; and Lawton and Richards exchanged disappointed glances. They had thought Gray had learned of the deception; his emotion showed that he had not. “ We sent a man here in reply to your request,” Richards went on. “ A man named John Hammond. He discovered, by bluffing you a little, that you were con- cerned in preventing me from attending a certain directors’ meeting on the fifteenth— which, by the way, is to-morrow. It may interest you to know that John Hammond’s real name is Lane Hamlin.” Gray took the blow well. His face was expressionless, inscrutable. The shadow of a cold smile lurked around the comers of his mouth as he watched the other men. “ Interesting, gentlemen—very interest- ing, I am sure. But suppose I plead guilty to a concern for your whereabouts on the fifteenth of the month? What then? I as- sure you I do not feel at all conscience- stricken. It is all a part of the game, isn’t it? It has been done, and will be done again. I found that it would be to my ad- vantage to keep you from attending a meet- ing of certain directors. I tried—I failed. What are you going to do about it?” Gray’s defiant, almost contemptuous manner seemed to make Richards’s jaws clamp a little tighter. He drew from a pocket the pistol he had attempted to use on Hamlin. He trained its dark muzzle on Gray, and his stiffened wrist and steady blazing eyes told of the deadliness of his intentions. “ I’m going to do this about it, Gray,” he said, his voice vibrating with passion. “ Last night your friend Morrell abducted my daughter. I’m going to give you one minute to tell where he took her! ” There was no defiance or contempt in the startled glance that Gray now threw at Richards. In his manner—in the way his hands gripped the arms of his chair; in the way he stared from one to the other of his two visitors, was nothing but aston- ishment, naked and sincere. “Great Heaven, men!” he ejaculated “ You don’t mean to insinuate that I woul'1 have anything to do with a crime like that? Richards, for Heaven’s sake don’t look atSOME MAN! 135 me like that! Wait! Put that gun down— it might go off! Listen!” He got out of- his qhair and stood before Richards. His face was ghastly, but there was an eager sincerity in his manner that was convincing. Richards looked at Lawton; then slowly replaced the weapon. “ Gentlemen,” said Gray, “ I admit I have-sometimes indulged in sharp practise. But the thing you speak of is out of my line. I am going to tell you all I know of the case—about Morrell, that is. “ Morrell has done some work for me, from time to time. It has been in the nature of espionage—nothing more. If he has committed any crimes it was not with my knowledge or consent. If Morrell has done so he has done it on his own initiative. “ He was here one day, not long ago— the day your man Hammond—Hamlin— came. He had previously mentioned you and Miss Richards. He seemed to have a private grudge against the young woman and yourself. But I never inquired into it. I was not Merested. “ But on that day he seemed to feel especially vicious. He spoke of your owing him money. If I remember, he threatened Miss Richards. I thought he was merely ranting and did not pay much attention to his talk. Believe me, gentlemen, I have no further knowledge of the affair.” Gray’s manner was convincing. Lawton and Richards exchanged glances. Lawton nodded his head a quarter of an inch, thus indicating that he accepted Gray’s declara- tion of innocence. Both men got up. Into Richards’s eyes had come again the expression of haunting anxiety. “ Gray,” he said, “ don’t bother me any more about that directors’ meeting. I . be- lieve what you’ve said about not know- ing anything about this abduction. I’m apologizing to you. But I warn you that I’m going to attend that meeting, and if you do anything to keep me from doing so —if you try any monkey business—I’m coming back here and shoot you so full of holes that you’ll look like a sieve. Just re- member that when you’re pulling off some of your damned plotting!” Lawton and Richards walked down the stairs and out into the street. “ That settles it,” declared Richards as they walked to the waiting taxi. “ Gray was telling the truth. Morrell is working his private grudge. I’m going to turn this thing over to the police.” CHAPTER XX. DOUBLE-CROSSED. FOR many minutes Hamlin stood near the center of the room in the Rich- ards residence, watching Frayne. The man was still on the floor near the wall, muttering and gib&ering, his right arm outflung, his head resting on it; the left hand pressed to his face, where Hamlin had hit him. Silent, remorseless, implacable, Hamlin continued to watch, and Frayne made no movement. It was evident, hp knew, that to get up again would mean that the ques- tion: “ Where did Morrell take Barbara Alden?” would issue from the lips of his merciless inquisitor, to be followed by more punishment—if he refused to answer. And Frayne was beginning to believe that in the end he must answer. He knew where Morrell had taken Barbara Alden— though Morrell had not told him that Bar- bara Alden was in reality Miss Richards. Morrell had not taken Frayne fully into his confidence. But Frayne knew that to divulge the whereabouts of Barbara Alden would constitute an act of disloyalty to Morrell—and he dreaded Morrell’s rage more than he feared punishment at Ham- lin’s hands. However, the punishment he had already received had gone a long way toward break- ing his spirit; and when at last he raised his head it was to look at Hamlin with a consciousness of the futlity of attempting to deny him. Frayne sat up, his back to the wall, and glared with mingled hate and terror' at Hamlin, who was watching him, his jaws set like a steel trap. Frayne’s eyes dropped from Hamlin’s; they glowed with cun- ning. He began to get up. He slid up the136 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. wall, his arms hanging limply, as though advertising his complete subjugation; his chin was on his chest; his mouth was open, his eyes closed. Hamlin stepped toward him, halting within arm’s length. “ Frayne, where did Morrell take Bar- bara Alden?” Frayne lifted his head; his eyes were furtive, shifting, fearful. He threw up one hand as though to guard against the blow he expected. “ Don’t hit me again,” he whined; “ I’ll tell you.” “ Where?” “ Morrell will kill me,” muttered Frayne. “ But I can’t stand any more of this. She’s in a room above the Dragon.” Frayne heard Hamlin’s breath shrill into his lungs. He watched with furtive inter- est while Hamlin put on his coat and hat, moving swiftly, saying nothing. “ Come on,” Hamlin ordered shortly. “ You’re going to show me exactly where Morrell took her.” He walked over and seized Frayne by an arm; his grip was so vicious that he half lifted Frayne off the floor. His voice was cold, sharp, menac- ing. “ Wipe the blood off your face—quick, you miserable whelp! And listen to this: If you raise your voice above a whisper while we’re going to the Dragon—if you make a motion that looks like you are sig- naling for assistance—I’ll kill you as sure as my name is‘Hamlin.” A few minutes later they descended the stairs, Frayne in the lead, Hamlin close behind him. When they reached the low- er hallway Labrue met them, opened the door. As Hamlin passed Labrue whis- pered: “ I couldn’t done a better job myself. I heard you giving it to him. What was it you was saying about Barbara Alden being abducted? Does Mr. Sayle know about it!” “Damn Sayle!” muttered Hamlin vin- dictively. Before Labrue could complete his aston- ished exclamation Hamlin had reached the sidewalk, shoving Frayne ahead of him. At the next comer Hamlin hailed a passing taxi, marked vacant. If Frayne’s appearance attracted attention, Hamlin paid no attention; he hustled the man into the taxi, slammed the door, jumped in be- side Frayne, and called to the driver to “ make time ” to the Dragon. In the rush of early morning traffic the vehicle attracted little attention. Hamlin’s time was occupied in watching Frayne with malicious interest and in wondering over Barbara’s treatment by Morrell. Hamlin was still in the clutch, of the sav- age passion that had seized him with the realization that Morrell had dared to do what he had done; and each foot of the taxi’s progress toward the Dragon added something to his determination to make Morrell pay amply for the outrage. The taxi reached lower Broadway at last, slipped into a side street, away from the traffic jams that had retarded its speed; veered when it reached another comer; bobbed for a short distance over cobble- stones, and came to a sudden stop at the curb in front of the Dragon. Hamlin paid the driver, seized Frayne by an arm, and led him through the outside door—into the narrow hall in which he had made his last stand, when he had floored the silken-clad knife-bearer. Frayne was still silent. He had said no word during the ride, sitting back on the seat, pressing a handkerchief to his macer- ated lips. He said no word now as he and Hamlin stood before the closed door—the inside door where the last phase of the fight had come—where the bodies of men had lain as proof of Hamlin’s terrific pun- ishing ability. “ You know how to get in,” suggested Hamlin coldly. Frayne knocked peculiarly on the door. After an instant a slide came open and the slitlike eyes of an inmate looked out, ex- amined both men with deliberation, and vanished. . Then slowly the door swung back, Frayne and Hamlin stepped in, and the door was closed behind them by the owner of the slit eyes. The change from the clear white day- light to the hazy radiance of the interior of the Dragon caused Hamlin’s eyes invol- untarily to blink: and while he stood forSOME MAN! 137 an instant, getting his vision accustomed to the subdued light, he seized Frayne by an arm, so that the latter could not get away from him. When at last he could see with compara- tive clearness he noted that the room was in almost the same condition as when he had entered it on the occasion of his first visit. New lanterns had been swung from the ceiling, and the furniture he had wrecked had been replaced. Several in- mates of the place were watching him. Hamlin had an uncomfortable conviction that the eyes of every person in the mom were upon him, with that peculiar, venom- ous hostility he had noticed after he had struck Morrell and the inmates had all seemed—by their actions, at least—to be eager to destroy him. As on the occasion of his previous visit, there were lax figures on bunks and couch- es that fringed the walls; the same odors assailed his nostrils; he felt the same nau- seating weakness. “ Wong! ” called Frayne weakly. From out of the haze at the rear of the room a silken-clad figure appeared, crossing the room with the mincing stride peculiar to his race. As the Chinaman came closer, Hamlin saw that he carried himself with an air of authority; that he was a big man, with keen, piercing eyes. He halted within,a few feet of Frayne and Hamlin and regarded them with a bland, smooth smile. “ Mr. Flayne,” he greeted in a squeaky, high-pitched voice. “ What you wantee?” Frayne’ grinned evilly. As his eyes met those of the Chinaman he delbierately gave a wink. “ My friend, Mr. Hamlin,” he said loud- ly, so that Hamlin had a swift divination that Frayne was purposely attracting the attention of the inmates of the place to him. But Hamlin had considered the dan- ger of entering the Dragon. According to the story told the reporters regarding the knifing of the inmate during the fight, there was no doubt that they blamed him. But Miss Alden was a prisoner in a room up-stairs—if Frayne had not lied— and before Hamlin had left Miss Larrabie’s room he had dropped Frayne’s pistol into a pocket, anticipating opposition to his at- tempt to rescue Miss Alden. However, Hamlin meant to rescue her. He had came into the Dragon with his eyes wide open—with a conception of the haz- ards that would confront him. And he meant to rescue Miss Alden if he had to kill Frayne, Morrell, and a dozen inmates of the place. He had not seen Frayne’s eye close at Wong. Wong had evidently noticed, how- ever, for his smile widened as he looked at Frayne. “ Hamlin,” he said smoothly. “ Mudiee fight—eh?” He did not seem to be par- ticularly interested in Hamlin. He turned to Frayne. “ What you wantee, Mr. Flayne?” “ The girl that Morrell brought,” an- swered Frayne. “ Where is she? Up- stairs—eh?” There was an infinitesimal pause, seem- ingly significant of nothing but that Wong was slowly digesting the question and de- bating the advisability of evading an an- swer. His narrowed, slitlike eyes were gleaming like a bird’s, indicating lively mental action; but they held no more ex- pression than the eyes of a dead fish. Frayne winked again; and again Hamlin was ignorant of the action. And now Wong’s smile expanded. “ She up-stairs. Mr. Morrell not there. Mr. Hamlin wantee see?” Hamlin nodded. He had noted a con- certed movement on the part of the in- mates; how they had seemed to be interest- ed in the conversation, and how they were slowly edging toward Wong, Frayne, and himself. He had decided that Miss Alden was real- ly up-stairs, and he was determined that if the Chinaman opposed a search of the up- per floor he would make a search in spite of him. However, Wong’s mild quiescence prom- ised a peaceful adventure; and Wong’s ad- mission that Barbara was where Frayne had said she could be found indicated that nothing of a shocking nature had happened to her. Still smiling his bland smile, Wong led the way to the door through which Hamlin138 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. and Frayne had entered. When he reached the narrow hall he paused, too'k a l^py from a pocket reached through a slit in the folds of the silken garment he wore, and inserted it in the lock of the door which led—Ham- lin supposed—to the second story of the building. Wong’s movements were deliberate, and his smile endured through the process of unlocking the door and swinging it open. And as the opening of the door disclosed a flight of dirty stairs that led up to a land- ing, Hamlin was inclined to think that Wong meditated no trickery. However, he waited until Wong started up the stairs. Then, pushing Frayne ahead of him, he followed Wong. Wong clat- tered to the top of the stairs, and stood there smilingly watching Frayne and Ham- lin ascend. When the two reached his side Wong wabbled down a long hall, lighted dimly by a solitary lantern at the rear.. The lantern - had evidently been placed where it was to light another flight of stairs that ran from the rear end of the hallway. Still smiling, Wong halted before another door in the hall, inserted a key, and swung the door open, standing aside to permit Hamlin and Frayne to enter. At the instant he passed Wong, shoving Frayne ahead of him, Hamlin saw Wong’s smile change. It became ironic, mocking, triumphant. Hamlin, sensing trickery, wheeled and leaped toward the Chinaman. But the door was slammed in his face. Hamlin threw his weight against it; suc- ceeded in forcing .it open a trifle—enough so that he caught sight of half a dozen yel- low faces in the crevice. For an instant he stood, realizing that he had been trapped, but still half believ- ing that Miss Alden was in the building. He turned from the door, ducking as a shadow moved somewhere in the room, to escape a heavy chair in the hands of Frayne. The chair struck, the door at a point where Hamlin’s head had been an instant before, slipped out of Frayne’s grasp, and crashed to the floor at Hamlin’s feet. Frayne’s face was set with malignance. When he observed the failure of his attack with the chair he cursed bitterly and leaped at Hamlin, striking savagely. Hamlin did not retreat an inch. He met Frayne’s rush with half a dozen short, jolting punches that caused Frayne’s eyes to glaze; and rocked his head back and forth on his shoulders. A last blow sent Frayne down near the wall opposite the door through which both men had entered; and Hamlin, aware that he and Frayne were alone in 'the room, looked sharply at the fallen man, and then took a swift glance around him. The floor was bare, the walls undeco- rated. There was no furniture except the chair Frayne had used in his attack, and a disreputable-looking bed in a rear comer. There were two windows in the front, both boarded up—Hamlin could see hinges, pad- locks, indicating that the boards were formed into doors, locked securely. At the rear of the room was another door, and in the wall near where Frayne was lying still another. Hamlin, judging from the width of the room he was in, and comparing it with the lower floor of the Dragon, was convinced that this door was in an outside wall of the building and that it connected the room in which he was standing with a room of the adjoining building—perhaps in another day one ten- ant had occupied both structures. However, the door was not at present utilized as a means of communication, for it was tightly closed and there was affixed a huge hasp swung from massive staples, with a gigantic padlock, rusty from dis- use. Hamlin tried the door, however, hoping. It did not give an inch to his shove. He left it, went to the rear door, tried that. It, too, was locked. Hamlin returned to where Frayne lay. He stood silent, watching the man regain consciousness. When at last Frayne got to his feet, it was Hamlin’s hands that helped him. He dragged Frayne to the chair and set him into it. Then he drew out Frayne’s gun, stuck its muzzle against the man’s chest, and held it there with vicious pressure. “ Frayne,” he said, his voice vibrating with earnestness, “ you’ve tricked me.SOME MAN! 139 I’ve slugged you enough. You don’t seem to think that I am serious about this thing. I’m going to prove that I am. You tell me where I can find Barbara Alden or I’ll kill you!” Frayne looked up at him dazedly. A terror 'that Hamlin had not seen in his face before was in it now. But his terror was not of the gun that Hamlin held in his hand. He twisted his head and looked at the door through which he and Hamlin had en- tered. He gulped, choked, then said, his voice shaking: “ Wong double-crossed me.- Something’s up. I—I thought he was too damned po- lite. Wong knows—I tell you he knows! They blamed you for knifing that Chink —the night you busted up the place. And all the time they knowed I done it—they must have seen me—the damned, yellow- faced hypocrites! Didn’t you see the way Wong looked at me when we came in the door? I saw you. You thought he was meaning you, but I tell you he meant me, Hamlin—me! He’s sent for me a dozen times since that night. Now I know what for! ” He.looked into Hamlin’s eyes—the look of a cornered animal, sensing the imminence of death. “ Sure, I’ll tell you now. Why shouldn’t I? What in the hell has Morrell ever done for me? Got me into this mess—telling me to knife the Chink that night so’s it would be blamed onto you. He’s out of it —kidnaping girls. Soft—eh? Well, I’m telling you. He took her to a shack down on Eighth Avenue—off it a little piece—be- tween Eighteenth and Nineteenth. There’s an alley leading to it from Seventh. It’s at the end of that. You get in from an area- way at the end of the alley, turning to your right into a door that leads into a hall. It used to be an old house—Seeley Gray owned it. He left one room furnished— Morrell says he and some more fellows used to hang out there. “ You can’t miss it. There’s a Chink joint on one corner of the alley and a wop fruit-store on the other. The room where Morrell’s got the Alden girl is on the top floor, at the head of the stairs that you have got to go up—at the end of the lower hall.” ' “ How did he get her there?” Hamlin was suspicious. “ He’s got a friend working in the High- land. He had it fixed up with the guy to have the freight elevator at Miss Alden’s floor last night. He got into Miss Alden’s room, chloroformed her, and took her down to the basement of the Highland in the freight elevator. I was outside, with a car I had hired. I drove them both to the room, and left them there. That gets you, eh?” he ended when he saw Hamlin give him a startled look. Hamlin was convinced that Frayne was telling the truth; and the man’s explanation of the method Morrell had used in getting Barbara Alden out of the hotel was plausi- ble, and explained why both Morrell and Miss Alden had so quickly disappeared after Morrell had taken her out of her room. Hamlin stood erect. He put the pistol into a pocket, and, facing the front of the room, examined the locks on the windows. Frayne, sitting dejectedly in the chair, watched him. Finishing his inspection, Hamlin started to turn. He heard a slight sound behind him; heard Frayne’s voice—a muffled shriek. He wheeled—an instant too late— his right hand flashing toward the pistol. The room seemed to be full of yellow-faced men, and there were more coming through the rear door. He saw all of this in a flash—'before his hand had reached the pistol—even before he had fully turned to meet the danger that had stolen upon him. He remembered ceasing his efforts to get the pistol out, realizing that he would not have room to use it. He had brought his shoulders around, wrenching himself free from a dozen clutching hands that came at him from all directions; and had driv- en his fists into the faces that were nearest him, when some heavy object thudded against his head. After that, for an in- terminable time, he seemed to be drifting in space that was black and endless. (To be concluded NEXT WEEK.)TRUE to the tradition of his kind, a creature of habit, Amiable Amos made his morning call promptly at half past nine. At that hour he appeared on the fire-escape balcony and signified that Stanley Ray should open the win- dow. Granted admittance, Amos sat him- self on Ray’s desk and fixed wide, yellow eyes on the red-haired, youngish man who was opening mail. All this was according to program established for more than two months. At nine thirty, Stanley Ray, something of a creature of habit himself, returned from breakfast, bringing a trifling present of liver scraps for .Amos. This had been going on almost since their first meeting. It had become a gentleman’s agreement. For all his red hair and traces of freckles, Stanley Ray had a pleasant if pugnacious sort of face and a twinkling brown eye. He was not older than thirty. His friend Amiable Amos possessed a beautiful, clear-gray complexion without a blemish, sported spreading, old-fashioned sideburns like a doctor of the old school, and waved a long and graceful tail. Stanley Ray wore a well-tailored busi- ness suit of fashionable brown; Amos was clad in a well-fitting collar that had riveted to it a small brass plate. The plate was inscribed “ Property of Miss H. W., Apt. 5A, the Grandonquin.” Stanley Ray had never met Miss H. W., but he had seen her through her window across the court from his own. He be- lieved that to see her once was enough to wreck the happiness of the most con- firmed married man. But he was not even married, and he had seen her a dozen times. He had looked and leaped—leaped head over heels in love. By every device possible to a' well- mannered young man he had tried to win her acquaintance, and so far he got no farther than Amos. Amos called every morning, but Stanley Ray could find no excuse for returning the calls. So matters stood when a red-faced, heavy jowled man with a nasty blue eye adroitly slipped a master key into the door of Ray’s apartment, let himself in with a step as velvety as Amos’s, and suddenly confronted the young man at the desk. Amos saw the intruder first. He rose and arched his back with distaste. His action caused Stanley Ray to look up from his papers, and the eyes of the two men met in.a lingering stare, full of hostility. Stanley Ray’s lips twisted finally into a hard smile. He said dryly: “ Pray make yourself at home—since you’re already inside. That was my error in leaving the chain off the door—” “ Your name’s Ray.” Dooling did not ask it; he accused. 140ASSISTED BY AMIABLE AMOS. 141 “ Right. I don’t think I’ve had the pleasure of hearing yours—” “ Stanley Ray?” “ Right again.” Dooling consulted a wrinkled slip of pa- per. “ Own motor vehicle bearing license plates 198-845?” “Wonderful guesser!” “ Then you’re pinched, Mr. Stanley Ray —under arrest for leaving your machine parked on the wrong side of the street in Long Island City from the hours of 3.15 p.m. to 5.25 p.m. yesterday, to wit: No- vember 11, 1920. You’ll have to come along with me and tell it to the judge.” “ And still you haven’t said who you are.” “ Name’s Dooling, special deputy for the Long Island Citizens’ Association. Deputy sheriff, too. Here’s my badge; see?” Ray’s face underwent a slight change, like the first thickening of ice over a pond. His voice grated unpleasantly. He said: “ Your name may be Dooling; and you may be all the other things you say, but I can tell you some more things you are, Dooling. You are Mr. Dooling, of Birds’s International Detective Agency, and you were sent here to get me into trouble, weren’t you? One excuse was good as an- other, so long as you put me under arrest, eh?” ' “ I don’t know nothing about that,” Dooling answered, growing redder. “ All I know is—” “ But I know! I know even who hired Birds to send you around here to make me trouble. I know what I’m wanted for, Dooling, and it isn’t parking my car on the wrong side of the street either! Now, suppose we talk business?” Ray drew a wallet from his pocket and slowly unfolded a yellow-backed bill. Dooling’s eyes went to the bill and re- mained glued there. Watching his face, Ray slowly added another bill to the first, then a third. His raised eyebrows asked a question. At the question Dooling came out of his trance. “ Nothing doin’,” he growled. “ I got my orders. Put up your jack—” “ Look, Dooling, five of ’em—five pretty yellow-backs. Eh?” “ Naw! I’m gettin’ paid by the agency —I mean by the Citizens’ Association. I don’t know what they want you for, and I don’t care. My orders is to take you be- fore a judge and make my complaint, and you got to come. Put that poise away; you can’t buy me!” Ray rose and crossed to the dresser. “ Come away from that!” Dooling ad- vanced threateningly. One hand was in his coat-pocket, and the pocket bulged with something more deadly than fist. “ All I want’s a clean handkerchief be- fore I go—” “Allow me!” Dooling jerked open the drawer, rummaged skilfully, and drew out a pistol. “ Pretty handkerchief,” he sneered. “ Guess I’d better charge a Sul- livan law violation, too!” “ You’re a smart chap, Dooling,” Ray smiled, losing gracefully. “ Smart enough for you, young fellow. Now you might’s well be reasonable and come along with me. You got to come, you know, and I don’t want to have to cuff you or anythin’—” “ Well, you’re not in any hurry, are you? You don’t mind if I finish this letter and mail it as we go?” “ All the time you want, kid! ” Ray smiled and said, “ I thought so.” He handed Dooling a cigar and sat again at his desk. Amiable Amos came reluctantly from behind a couch, made a wide circle around Dooling in a manner that was a neatly pointed insult, and perched himself close beside Stanley Ray’s elbow. Ray wrote rapidly, and Amos, fascinated by his busy fingers, stretched forth a paw and tapped his pen. Ray smiled. He addressed an envelope at length, sealed his letter in it, and handed it to the red-faced detective. “ You mail it,” he suggested. “ It clears me of any suspicion, you see.” In his overcoat and hat, Ray signified his readiness to accompany his companion, but at the door he stopped. “ Mind if I put out the cat? Might be gone a long time, you know, Dooling—”142 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. “ Hell, no! Anythin’ to oblige, buddy.” When the young man raised the window and assisted Amos to an exit,! Dooling moved suddenly upon him, to be met with a laugh. “ Don’t worry; I’m not going to slide down the fire-escape,” said Ray; and at the door he paused again. “ Oh, just one thing more, old man. I want to write a note for the hall boy—to have my mail at- tended to. You don’t mind?” “ Say, you must be expecting to be put away for a long time, kid!” “ Well,” Ray smiled, “ when a man’s accused of murder—” “Murder!” Dooling’s blue eyes bulged. “ Is that what they want—” “ I said when a man is accused, Doo- ling.” “ Kiddin’ me, are you! Well, cut this stallin’ short; I’m gettin’ tired—” Ray assured him he would be ready in a minute now, and he was—within five *» ’ minutes. At the elevator a young woman joined them a little breathlessly. She was dressed for the streets and seemed hurried. Her cheeks were very pink and her eyes bright. “ Helen! ” Ray exclaimed. “ Why, Stanley!” Ray took the detective by the arm. “ My friend Mr. Dooling,” he said cere- moniously. “ This is my sister I’ve spoken about, Mr. Dooling.” “ Pleased to make your acquaintance,” declared Mr. Dooling, playing up like a true gentleman, albeit a very red one. “ Mr. Dooling and I were just going out —on business,” Ray explained as they rode down in the elevator. The young lady smiled and said, “ In- deed?” Her eyes met Stanley Ray’s, and the glance they exchanged was significant of a great many unspoken things. She blushed a little more, as if she guessed some of the things Ray was thinking. The hall of the Grandonquin Apart- ments is quite an ornate affair, full of marble and red carpets and leaded glass and uncomfortable period chairs. There is a cigar stand and a desk for the uni- formed colored boy, clerk, and glass tele- phone booths. The colored' boy stopped the trio as they passed his desk. “ Mistah Ray, suh, is they a Mistah Dooling in your apahtment?” “ This is Mr. Dooling, Percy.” “ Telephome call foh you, Mistah Doo- ling. Pahty wants you to phome the of- fice right off, suh.” “Hell!” said Dooling. “Sure about that, boy?” Percy was emphatically sure. Dooling hesitated. “ There’s a phone booth just behind those pillars,” the young woman suggested helpfully. “ And we’ll wait for you right outside,” Ray added. Dooling’s face cleared when he saw the booth was of glass. He lifted the tele- phone receiver from its hook and gave his number, leaving the door open. When the connection was made he gave a final glance about to be sure his prisoner was at hand. Then, assured that Stanley Ray was deeply engrossed in the young woman he called sister, Dooling pulled to the folding door. The pair outside became suddenly active at Dooling’s first low-voiced, cautious, “ This is Dooling, Terry.” From her hair the young woman snatched a long, dagger-shaped pin with an ornamental head, and, stooping, slipped it into the crack of the phone booth door. Then she and Ray hurried away together, slowing their pace as they passed out of the imposing entrance to the Grandonquin. Once outside, Ray seized her arm and hurried her to a motor-car. She was swept to a seat and the car left the curb with a flying leap. Cross-town a couple of blocks, around a corner into a wide, one-way street, and so, like the wind, southward. The young woman laughed mischievous- ly. “ Old Mr. Snodgrass, one of the ten- ants, was in that booth half an hour the other night, kicking and swearing terribly before anybody heard him,” she confided to Dooling. “ The door is a little out of order. It gets stuck fast—and that pin will jam it faster.”ASSISTED BY AMIABLE AMOS. 143 “ Then why all this hurry?” Stanley Ray demanded, slowing the car to a more law-abiding pace. He turned on his com- panion. His brown eyes glowed. “ Miss H. W.,” he declared earnestly, “ I want to say here and now that you’re a brick! There isn’t one girl in a million—not one in a hundred million—would come to a fellow’s assistance the way you did!” “Oh, that!” Miss H. W- laughed. “I hope it wasn’t anything very terrible he arrested you for,” she added with a look that invited confidence. Ray swept on, ignoring the question: “ Of course, I’ve never been intro- duced to you. I only knew your name from the hall boy. But I’ve seen you at your window and—well, you looked like —like the sort of girl you are. And I was very well acquainted with your cat. So I took a long chance—took the liberty to slip that note under his collar in 'the desper- ate hope you would come 'to my rescue.” “That was a lark!” Miss H. W. de- clared. “ But I never dreamed you were so quick—so clever! Why, you managed it skilfully. You must have telephoned ahead to Percy to give Dooling that message.” “ Yes. I remembered Mr. Snodgrass getting stuck in the booth the other night. And now, don’t you think ”—the girl turned on him more seriously, her eyes searching his face—“ don’t you think if there is an explanation that you’d better tell me—and let me out. I must be get- ting back, you know.” “ Look here,” said Stanley Ray, very serious himself, “ you took me on faith— a total stranger. You’ve trusted me so far. I’m going to press my luck a little fur- ther. I’ve almost reached where I’m bound for, the Cuyler Building on Twenty- Third, and I have some business there that cannot wait. “ Miss H. W., I’m going to ask you to trust me a little longer. I’m going to ask you, if you want to make me very happy, to wait for me in the car for about half an hour. Then I want to take you to lunch.” “ Well, really—” “ Please! Please let me. Why, we— we’re sort of partners in crime now. We —we ought to stick together—and listen, I’ll tell you what it’s all about if you’ll wait that long for me.” As he spoke Ray swept the car close to the curb and stopped before the Cuyler Building. He added an impulsive, plead- ing “ You will—won’t you?” Miss H. W., looking rather serious, nod- ded slowly. With her nod Ray had gone, plunging into the doorway of the office building. A half-hour can be a very long time under certain conditions. The young woman in the car had never known a longer one, and at the end of the half-hour Stanley Ray had not returned. She reproached herself for a rash act; she became worried, alarmed, frightened as the minutes dragged. Never in her life had she done such a thing as this, never! She was a conservative thinking and act- ing daughter of a conservative family. Her profession was gathering confidential credit reports, a most conservative business.’ She knew few people intimately and none not properly introduced and vouched for. She was very particular, and yet, on a minute’s notice, she had gone to the rescue of a perfect stranger—a stranger except for the fact that she had seen him at his window and liked his looks! She had rescued him the moment her cat brought her his note of appeal, tucked under its collar—helped him foil a de- tective—possibly incriminated herself! And why? She did not know—except he had been kind to her cat. A fine intro- duction, that! Yes, a conservative of con- servatives, she had done something the most headstrong, foolish woman would blush to do. She felt her cheeks redden painfully. And for all she knew the man was a criminal—the very type to prove a slick swindler—and she sat confidently awaiting his return. Probably he would never return. She had read of such things. Perhaps the very car she sait in was stolen. A business man she knew stopped at the curb and spoke to her. She explained to him that she was waiting there for a friend. What if the car was stolen? If this man was a crook? What if it was published in the newspapers, with her name involved?144 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY. She rose hastily, intent on running from ruin—and reluctantly she sat down again. She had given him her promise. And at that moment Ray came hurrying from the building, smiling broadly. “ Now,” he said, “ for the explanation.” They faced each other across a little table in a quiet hotel dining-room. He passed her a legal-looking paper. “ I want you to know I’m not a crook—and here’s the proof.” “ Why, it’s a deed—a property deed,” she said slowly. Her eyes widened far- ther. “ A deed—to the Grandonquin! You own it?” “ Since eleven forty-five this morning,” he smiled. “ It’s very simple. Three months ago I saw a chance to buy the Grandonquin at a good figure. I thought I knew where to get the capital, and I spent all my own money on an option—an option that expired at noon to-day. But my backers failed me. “ Then the Grandonquin people got a better offer—and they saw the chance they were missing, the big profits in high rents that are coming, and they did everything in their power to prevent my buying. When everything else failed and finally I got the money I needed they employed the dirtiest trick of all, hired a private de- tective to keep me in trouble and out of the way until this option expired. You understand that?” tT	U She nodded. “ But we beat ’em,” Ray gloated sud- denly. “ Oh, boy! And I want to say right now that no matter what may hap- pen to other rents at the Grandonquin, I want you to consider that place your home. And you can pay any rent you please, you and your cat, any rent or no rent at all. Thanks to you and Amiable Amos—” “ Who?” “ Amiable Amos. I mean your cat. You see, that’s the name I gave him. Sort of. fitted—” “ But it doesn’t fit!”	_ « No!” “ No, indeed. Why, my cat’s name is Venus. Amos, indeed! She’s not that kind of cat.” “Venus!” “ Venus.” Stanley Ray spoke with a solemn tremu- lousness, standing abashed before a great idea. “ Why—why, look here. You know who Venus was? Venus, why she was the goddess of love!” Miss H. W. looked startled, too. Her cheeks were very pink, and she breathed faster. She said slowly: “ Yes-—yes. I believe she was.” At this discovery they were silent to- gether, silent for a long time. For them it seemed to hold a tremendous signifi- cance. U	tT This is the 132nd Novel, Originally Printed Serially in this Magazine, to be Published in Book Form. THE OWL TAXI BY HULBERT FOOTNER Author of “ Country Love,” “ Blackmail,” “ On Swan River,” “ The Substitute Millionaire,” etc. The soldier who “ went over the top ” had a fifty-fifty chance or better; but the man who finds another man’s dead body on his hands just as he ithinks he has opened a new account with life, would seem to have had a scurvy trick turned upon him by Fate. This latest Footner novel offers a new and daring solution of an unusual problem, and incidentally provides one of the best mystery and adventure stories of the season. (All-Story Weekly, May 10 to June 14, 1919.) .Published in book form by George H. Doran Co., New York, 1921. Price $1.90 net. 9 AARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION. “Keep Your Eye on Jim! / i	k	“It’s not alone what ||J^ iBi 1% i ^	/r'< aman does during work- l{^S^T^SSm V	ing hours, but outside | f 'L f*4U 'X	^•'vj^Brap of working hours—that determines his future. There are plenty of men who do a good job /<	while they’re at it, but ' -tMMV IllfflfilHS-'if'3\ who work with one eye on the clock and one ear cocked for the whistle. They long for that loaf at noon and for the evening hour in the bowling alley. They are good workers and they’ll always be just that—ten years from now they are likely to be right where they are today. “But when you see a man putting in his noon hour learning more about his work, you see a man who won’t stay down. His job today is just a stepping-stone to something better. He’ll never be satisfied until he hits the top. And he’ll get there, because he’s the kind of man we want in this firm’s responsible positions. You can always depend on a man like Jim. “Every important man in this plant won out in the same way. Our treasurer used to be a bookkeeper. The sales manager started in a branch office up state. The factory superintendent was at a lathe a few years ago. The chief designer rose from the bottom in the drafting room. The traffic manager was a clerk. “All these men won their advancements through spare time study with the International Corre- spondence Schools. Today they are earning four or five times—yes, some of them ten times as much money as when they came with us. “That’s why I say that Jim there is one of our future executives. Keep your eye on him. Give him every chance—he’ll make good! Employers everywhere are looking for men who really want to get ahead. If you want to make more money, show your employer that you are trying to be worth more money. If you want more responsibility, show him you’re will- ing to prepare yourself for it. For 29 years the International Correspond- ence Schools have been training men and women right in their own homes after supper, or when- ever they had a little time to spare. More than two million have stepped up in just this way. More than 130,000 are studying now. Ten thou- sand are starting every month. Can you afford to let another priceless hour pass without making your start toward some- thing better? Here is all we ask—without cost, without obligation, mark and mail this coupon. It’s a little thing that takes but a moment, but it’s the most important thing you can do today. Do it now! .TEAR OUT HERE , INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS BOX 2195-B	SCRANTON, PA. Explain, without obligating me, how I can qualify for the posi- tion, or in the subject, before which I mark X. 1 ELECTRICAL ENGINEER J Electric Lighting and Railways J Electric Wiring J Telegraph Engineer J Telephone Work 1 MECHANICAL ENGINEER 1 Mechanical Draftsman J Machine Shop Practice 1 Toolmaker ] Gas Engine Operating 1 CIVIL ENGINEER J Surveying and Mapping J MINE FOREMAN OR ENGINEER ] STATIONARY ENGINEER 1 Marine Engineer ] Ship Draftsman 1 ARCHITECT J Contractor and Builder J Architectural Draftsman J Concrete Builder ] Structural Engineer ] PLUMBING AND HEATING J Sheet Metal Worker J Textile Overseer or Supt. ] CHEMIST J Pharmacy □	SALESMANSHIP □	ADVERTISING □	Window Trimmer □	Show Card and Sign Ptg. □	Railroad Positions □	ILLUSTRATING □	Cartooning □	BUSINESS MANAGEMENT Private Secretary Business Correspondent BOOKKEEPER 1 Stenographer and Typist J Cert. Public Accountant ] TRAFFIC MANAGER ] Railway Accountant ] Commercial Law iGOOD ENGLISH j Common School Subjects ] CIVIL SERVICE 1 Railway Mail Clerk 1 AUTOMOBILES j Mathematics 1 Navigation I □ Spanish ] AGRICULTURE |QT«wher J Ponltry Raising |Q Hanking Name. Present Occupation-. Street and No-- Business -Address_ Canadians may send this coupon to the International Correspondence Schools Canadian, Ltd., Montreal, Canada In answering this advertisement it I# desirable that you mention this magazine.ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION. C \ I/E1 VAI ID H ATI V Conserve Your Health ij/iVli YUUK DUUI and Efficiency First “I Would Not Part With It For $10,000” So writes an enthusiastic, grateful customer. “Worth more than a farm” says another. In like manner testify over 100,000 people who have worn it. The Natural Body Brace Overcomes WEAKNESS and ORGANIC AILMENTS of WOMEN and MEN. Develops erect, graceful figure. Brings restful relief, comfort, ability to do things, health and strength. „ Wear It 30 Days Free at Our Expense rapports misplaced internal organs; reduces enlarged abdomen; straightens and strengthens the back; ^ corrects stooping shoulders; develops lungs cheat and bust; relieves backache, curvatures, nervousness, roptares, constipation, after effects of Flu. Comfortable and easy to wear. KEEP YOURSELF rll. Write today forillustrated booklet, measurement blank,etc.. and read our very liberal proposition* HOWARD C. RASH, Pres. Natural Body Brace Co., 237 Rasb Bldg., Salma, Kansas 1 Guaranteed *6°-2 Value i or Money Back Made to Your Order Now wholesale tailoring house makes this sensationa introductory offer—good for 30 , days only. Perfect fitting excel- [ lent wearing pants of fine quality ^ weave Worsted, guaranteed $6.00 , pre-war value or UONEY ) BACK. Any style or size, no extra charges. Parcel Post or Express PREPAID. Write today for 60 cloth samples Free.' One pair to a customer Agents _. _ wanted Money Send orders for your relatives.friends and neighbors. Nice easy spare time work that pays you |20 to 940 a week. Send ut _ _ your name today. Handsome cloth sample 'outfit and fall Information In first mall. Free. Writs today STRAND TAILORING COMPANY Baltimore, Md.	_Dept. 262 $125 Big Down Go Our Prices^ Why Pay Full Prices NOW rThis 75-year old Diamond Banking , Institution, rated more than $1.000,000.00 j Is making thousands of loans, many of which are not paid and must be sold now. Also other special advantage diamonds. Unequalled' Diamond Values In all our 75 years we have never offered such bargains. Customers write they in’t match at even 60 per cen<" -----J for Latest List. Different f ordinary catalog. Every gem de In detail. Weights given to sm fraction. We ship for FREE_ amination.Norisk orexpense.> JOS.DE ROY A SONS Only Opp. 8573 r ‘ t Office lOc to 25c a Day Pays For the Symphonola Beautif'il models In genuine Oak. Walnut, Mahogany— Handsomely finished. Compare tone, construction, price, terms, with hdgher priced phonographs. See the saving. OVER 2 YEARS TIME for the beautiful Period Model here shown. 18 mos.—2 yrs. on other popular models. Conven- ient monthly payments. Enjoy your Symphonola while paying. PLAYS ALL RECORDS Using steel needles, as Sym- phonola, Victor, Columbia, Emerson, without expensive extra attachments; Pathe or Edison Records with sapphire or diamond points. RECORDS 70c POSTPAID Symphonola Records playable on any phonograph. Contain best of music. Get .our latest Record list, and save money. BEAUTIFUL BOOK FREE Illustrates Symphonolas in natural colors. Full details, prices, terms, construction. A postal quickly brings it. Get your copy NOW—It’s FREE. Lzrkin Co Inc. Desk SAS-421, BUFFALO, N. Y. i Boy Bldg. /itvfc Factory to Rider m Saves $15 to $25 on the model you select from 44 Styles, colors and sizes of Ranger bi- cycles. Delivered freg on approval, express pre- paid, direct from themakers for 30 Days’ Free Trial. We pay return charges if not satisfactory. 12 Months to PaySSS” plan. Any boy or girl can save the small monthly payments. TiMpf* wheels, chains, parts and equipment at A11C9 half visual prices. Big Ranger Catalog FREE with marvelous new prices, 30 day trial offer ana terms. MEAD CYCLE COMPANY e Special Rider THE MUNSEY NO other standard magazine approaches the Munsey record in putting across successful advertising campaigns single- handed. The Munsey has established suc- cessful businesses, built factories, made for- tunes for advertisers—single-handed. The Munsey pays advertisers so richly because Munsey readers have money to spend, am- bition to want and initiative to go and get what they want. They go and get the Munsey at the news-stand every month. They go and get any advertised article they want. Have you such an article? Tell the Munsey readers about it and get what you want—results. 15he FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY 280 Broadwaxj, New York In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention this mogasine.ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION. LEARN HUSK PLAY by NOTE Piano, Organ, Violin, Cornet, Guitar, Banjo, Mandolin, Harp, ’Cello, Trombone, Flute, Clarinet, Piccolo, Saxophone, Ukulele Hawaiian Steel Guitar, Harmony and Composition, Tenor Banjo, Drums and Traps, Sight Singing AT HONE! Louise Bowles, Ep- worth,_Va., writes: "Received my teach- er’s certificate. I highly recommend your school and wouldn't take any- thing: for the help it has given me.” Music no longer difficult l New plan makes it easy to learn by home study. Posi- tively easier than with pri- vate teacher. Faster prog- ress. You will be able to play your favorite instru- ment in a few short months ! More than 260.000 men, women and children have learned by our method. You, too, can learn in your spare time. We guarantee it. Amazing Offer We want to have one pupil in each locality at once to help advertise our home study method. For a short time, therefore, we offer our marvelous lessons at practically no cost. Charges amounting merely to about the cost of sheet music, postage, etc. Beginners or advanced pupils. Write for amazing free book giviog all the facts and par- ticulars. Send a postal today ! Instru- ments supplied when -needed, cash or credit. U. S. SCHOOL OF MUSIC 724 Brunswick Bldg., New York H. S. Whittmack: New York, writes, * * I compliment you on your wonderful system. Did not know one note from another, but in a short time have mas- tered the piano and am now composing music.” C. N. Pitts, Macon, Ga., writes: “ Have completed your course on violin. Now have 15 stu- dents.” Write TODAY' for our handsome 96-page Catalog (Edition 293), which shows a wonderful assortment of plain and hand- somely engraved Rings, appropriate for Engagement. Birthday. Graduation and Anni- versary Gifts, set with fine blue-white dia- 2474-$45 monds at amazingly low prices. Ynnr Hrpriit ic CaaH Buy the Royal Way—Ten Months TOUT V/reail IS «OOa to Pay. No middleman’s profit- no money in advance. A postcard brings our Free New Catalog, Edi- . tion 293. Beautiful halftone illustrations with complete descriptions of our extraordinary values in Diamonds,Watches, Jewelry,Gifts, Etc. LIBERTY BONOS ACCEPTED. 10 per cent discount allowed for cash. Write today for your copy. Address Dept. 293 Adjusted -To Positions -To Temperature —To laochronism -To The Second -16 Size 25 Year Cold Filled Case. 00 —A— V _ =month! 19 Jewel RQuaUty ^ This month’s bulletin smashes ther terms — boosts the quality, lowers the price. No delay — No security — no interest. We trust you. SEAT ON APPROVAL! _ You do not risk a penny. This beau- tiful watch will be sent you on 30 days Free Trial. Our special price is tock bottom.^ We guarantee to refund your money if you can beat it for spot cash. A new deal for square people. Write now for this big special offer. A postal will do. HARRIS-GOAR COMPANY Dept. 339 KANSAS CITY. MO. FREE Send No Money My large size ‘‘True Vision” glasses will en- able you to read the smallest print, thread the finest needle, see far or near. They will protect your eyes, preventing: eye strain and headaches. They will be sent to you on free trial, so that you can see what a remarkable bargain I am offering. When they arrive, put them on and see with what ease and comfort they will enable you 'to read, work or sew. see clearly at & distance or close up, by day light or lamp light. .Note how easily you can read the fine print in your Bible. You will be amazed and delighted. .Sit right down this very minute and fill out the coupon. Mail it at once. Your postman will deliver the glasses to you in a beautiful velveteen lined, spring-back pocketbook spectacle case, postage prepaid—free of all cost. Mail coupon now. CHICAGO SPECTACLE HOUSE Dept. S.A.-131, 1462 West Madison St., Chicago, 111. Use This Coupon! Chicago Spectacle House Dept. S.A.-131,1462 West Madison St., Chicago, 111. Gentlemen:—Without cost or obligation, send me a pair of your 10-karat gold filled, large size “True Vision” Spectacles complete; also a fine leatherette, vel- veteen lined spectacle case. I will try the glasses 10 days. Then if I decide to keep them f will send you $2.95. If I do not want them. 1 will return them and there is to be no charge. How old are you........How many years have you used glasses (if any)?...................................... Name............................................. City.................................................. State................................................. R. F. D. or St. No.................................... Get Into the Tire Business! $7S TO $200 A WEEK With this machine, you can start a busi- ness of your own—do tire work that you can guarantee—and make bigger money than ever before. Thorough course of instructions free with each outftt.The Adams- Barre System of Vulcanizing makes repairs that are impossible by other methods. Can completely recon- struct tires at very small cost. All work guaranteed. Build your men business. Write today for details of 1 a Real Money-Making Proposition. THE ADAMS-BARRE CO.. 1236 N. High St.. Columbus. 0. In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention this magazine.ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION. THREE VEARS TO PAY MEISTER PIANO and a guaranteed saving off $100 to $150 Eight exquisite styles to choose from-and the one you select will be sent to you on 30 DAYS FREETRIAL—ALLFREIGHT PREPAID If you likefthe piano we will sell it to you on small monthly payments to suit your convenience as low as $9 per month. No cash deposit asked. No interest on payments. No extras of any kind. Stool free with piano. Write today for our catalog, Illustrated in the natural colors of the wood. It’* free. If you are Inter- ested in player-pianos send for free catalog. We have a fine selection. Rothschild & Co., Dent. 30. Chicago % A Liznite "	T 'V----- Is Yours 1 for the Asking vi.	'" —	No. 2 JSfb 'I Keep It 10 Days Free Wear a LIZNITE GEM RING and be the envy of your friends. See if you can tell it from a hisrh priced diamond. Send in your Name, Addressand No. of ring you select, and a one of these wonderful LIZNITB GEM NGS* with all the fire and sparkle of the est diamond will be q^nt you by return mail. Solid Cold Mountings And all rings are hand engraved, set with full carat weight LIZNITE GEM Select the one you like beet: No. 1—$21.50 2—$17.50 3-$15.50 No. 4— 15.50 5- 12.50 Size must be included when Ordering. When your LIZNITE! GEM RING comes, pay the mail man 84.60. balance *3.00 monthly until paid. Money back any time within 10 days If not perfectly satisfied. Gets Liznite Gem Ring Today THE LIZNITE GEM COMPANY Mouse ol Quality and Pries” Oept»438B.I28 N. Wslls Street, Chicago. III. Violin, Hawaiian Guitar, UkuleleT Guitar. Mandolin, Cornet, Tenor Banjo or Banjo Wonderful new system of teaching note musia by mall. To first pupils In cach locality, we give a $20 superb Violin, Mandolin* Ukulele, Guitar, Hawaiin Guitar, Cornet, Tenor Banjo or Banjo abso- lutely free. Very small charge for lessons only. We guarantee suc- cess or no charge. Complete outfit free. Write now. No obligation. SUNGERLAND SCHOOL OF MUSIC. Inc.. Dept 625. CHICAGO. ILL Executive Accountants command big salaries. Thousands of firms need them. Only 2,500 Certified Public Accountants in Ik g Many are earning $3, DOT t_ $10,000 a year, _ We train yon thoroly by mail in spare tuna fer C. P. A. examinations or executive accounting .positions. Knowledge of bookkeeping unnec- ••saury to bejfin — weprepare you from the ground up. The course is J'V,- r ,the, personal supervision of William B. CastenhoIz.A .M. .C.P.A former Comptroller and Instructor. _ ^University of Illinois; Director of the Illinois Society. of Certified Public Accountants, and of the National Association of Cost Accountants,assisted by a large staff of C. P. A. s, including members of the American Institute of Aecountan ts. Low tuition fee —easy terms. Write now for iniormation ana free book of accountancy facts LaSALLE EXTENSION UNIVERSITY The Largest Business Training Institution in the World Dept. 432-HA	CHICAGO, ILL. Have You Noticed Your Neighbor wearing this Button ? or Pin i It stands for True Americanism, Equal Justice for All, and the upbuilding1 of Community, State and. Nation. Membership of both sexes now in 45 States, Alaska, Hawaii, Philippines, etc. Write for information and LEARN HOW YOU CAN JOIN FREE OF OOST. Universal Society of America Branch 63, Poughkeepsie, N. Y. Leam Auto and TRACTOR BUSINESS Earn $150 to $400 a Month Thousands have learned herein 6to8 weeks and are making big money as repair men, drivers, and superin- tendents. Many own garages making $500 per month. Big Book Free. RAHE SCHOOL, Dept. 2055 Kansas City, Mo. Cincinnati, O. TEe MUNSEY The only thirty-five cent maga- zine that sells for a quarter! Quality Circulation at a Quantity Rate Member A. B• C. Ruggles & Brainard Color Group THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention this magazine.Missing Page: Inside Back Cover If you own this magazine, and would like to contribute, please email us the image (in JPEG format at 300 dpi) to: info@pulpmags. orgMissing Page: Back Cover If you own this magazine, and would like to contribute, please email us the image (in JPEG format at 300 dpi) to: info@pulpmags. org